I went a little crazy this evening. Okay a lot crazy. But I am pleased with myself too.  I stopped off at the   Micronesia Mall  after work today. I needed specialized batteries, one for my PowerMac G3 and one for my cordless phone, and   Radio Shack  is a good place to find them on Guam. Unfortunately, Radio Shack has gone out of business and the doors are shuttered. I wandered about aimlessly, looking for some other place that could sell me specialized batteries. My hopes were dim, then I spotted a video game store. I remembered buying some computer equipment in that store a few years ago, I thought they might help me.    The Game Spot  did not have batteries. They did have a tremendous selection of used video games though, most under $9. And a great many of their used games were for the   Sega    DreamCast , which I just so happen to own. And I only have a couple games for the DreamCast. Hmm...  I was in game geek heaven. Dozens, no hundreds of cheap video games, and me with a fresh paycheck in my wallet. Not a good combination.  I walked out of the Game Spot without a single battery, but 16 games for my DreamCast     Omikron-The Nomad Soul     Grandia II     Tomb Raider-Chronicles     Sega Marine Fishing  -  doesn't load     Dino Crisis     P.O.D. Speedzone     Dragon Riders     Toy Story 2     Shadow Man     Unreal Tournament     Crazy Taxi     Industrial Spy: Operation Espionage  - doesn't load     Tony Hawk's Pro Skater - doesn't load     Championship Surfer - doesn't load     Draconus, Cult of the Wyrm - doesn't load     Starlancer - doesn't load   I was pretty ticked that six of the games won't even load. I am going to try cleaning the discs or some other measures. Odds are though, I will take them back to Game Spot and get a refund or exchange. I've never heard of most of these, but what the hell - if I don't like any of them, I can just sell them back to the store or put them up on eBay. Most of them look pretty lame, but I wanted to try the surfing game and Starlancer. They looked worth a try, but I guess it's not to be.