It's Monday here on Guam, and time for another  Super Colossal News Roundup!  I'll have to keep it brief though, got things to do today.     Local girl does not have SARS  - Naval Hospital physicians determined that a 9 year old brought into the hospital last week is   not infected with the deadly SARS virus . Test results showed that neither she nor the rest of her family are infected with the disease.  And that is a real relief. Sooner or later though, someone on Guam will fall victim to the disease - it's inevitable.     Another waste of money by the airport  - The airport's current management revealed yet another dubious expenditure by the previous administration late last week. In September of 2002, the airport inked a contract with a consultant in Manila for $24,000 a month, plus another $16,000 a month to a sub-contractor in Hong Kong. And what was the purpose of this consultant? Nobody knows. No one at the airport knows anything about this consultant or what services they are supposed to provide. Requests to the consultant by the current management, asking them to clarify the contract have gone unanswered. The cost of this little boondoggle? Over $300,000 in just four months.  Another example of the last administration's spendthrift ways. Once is unfortunate, but this is just the latest in a string of high priced debacles. Somebody was seriously lax in judgement up there, perhaps even negligent.     Questions raised about bus shelter contract  -  The Department of Public Works (DPW) is investigating whether the controversial bus shelter contract awarded to former senator Tommy Tanaka was actually completed. While all 330 shelters were built, DPW could not confirm that all the shelters contained the benches and seating required in the contract.  What a surprise - taking public money and not fulfilling the terms of the contract. Gosh, that's a first on Guam.     Guam Ko'ko released into the maws of hungry cats  - The good news - none of the 26 flightless ko'ko released at Andersen Air Force Base fell victim to the dreaded brown tree snake. The bad news - 23 of the birds were eaten by feral cats. And the agencies directing this structured release program are at a loss, the cats are too smart to be trapped or captured.  Oops. The best laid plans have a way of falling apart. They took care of the snakes, but forgot there are plenty of other introduced predators on island.