Today the gross receipts tax rose 50% for all businesses on Guam. Gasoline prices   shot up overnight  to compensate for this new cost, and I expect a great many other things will become more expensive in the next few days. Regular unleaded in now $2.10 a gallon. Guess I better start biking to work. Just for the sake of comparison, regular unleaded was $1.87 a gallon at the beginning of February. War and taxes, a killer combination.  The increase in GRT is part of the government's grand scheme to salvage itself from the brink of oblivion without laying people off. Also introduced were 'sin' taxes on beer and cigarettes, and agressive collection of overdue utility accounts. Of course the worse offenders on the utility hit list is GovGuam, but the power is   still flowing to government agencies . It's easier to pick on the   little guy , the private citizen that just suffered a 20% pay cut.  Also just announced was an increase in   fees at the airport , in a desperate attempt to keep the airport afloat after the previous administration's numerous follies. While the landing fees were ridiculously low, increasing them sixfold is nothing but a slap in the face of the airlines. Now Continental is announcing that they are   're-evaluating' routes  and to expect fewer flights in the near future. After all air travel is down because of the war. I am no economist, but it sure doesn't seem like a good time to be raising taxes.  Speaking about the airport, more stories are coming to light about the shenanigans at the airport under the previous administration. Mostly the projects are not exactly illegal, just spectacular wastes of money far in excess of what was originally announced. For example, last year's Birdman Rally in Tumon was sponsored by the airport, which at the time officials said would cost about $100,000. Turns out the figure was   actually more like $1.3 million . And the exhibit at Duty Free of the Chinese Terra Cotta warriors, originally quoted by the previous administrator at $250,000 is actually going to cost $1.25 million. Never mind the $500,000 in travel expenses in just three months of 2002, that's chump change at this point. Today's latest ridiculously expensive airport project is the $5 million executive lounge at the airport, replete with   $2.1 million in bronze statues  of Guam's former governors.  The money squandered on frivolous and suspect projects on Guam is immense. This profligacy is just shameful when the schools lack books or supplies, and have to lay off teachers.