Well, it had to happen sooner or later; my fantasy football squad stumbled this week and lost for the first time. I am now 3-1 on the season. It was a tough week for my roster, while my opponent's players finally got their act together and posted some points.  Randy Moss played terrible the first three weeks of the season, and since both he and Culpepper were listed as doubtful, I benched him for Laveranues Coles, arguably the best receiver in football this year. What happens? Moss goes off and scores three touchdowns and racks up hundred of yards receiving, while Coles has a lackluster day with no TD's. Damn. That's why I hate Randy Moss/Terrell Owens type of players. They are too damn sporadic. They only show up to play every three or four games. I still think we got the best receiver corps in our league with Randy Moss, Coles, Santana Moss, and Dangling Chad Johnson. I only wish all players were like the Chad. That dude is like money in the bank man. Solid points every week, guaranteed.  More troubling are my travails at running back. Portis is proving to be too frail to last an entire game, and Corey Dillon is a wuss that won't stay in an entire game. Our backups aren't much help either, the anemic Anthony Thomas and LaBrandon Toefield, a rookie riding the pine until Fred Taylor gets injured over in Jacksonville. Not much. I attribute this week's loss to our decision to start Portis even though he was doubtful against the Lions. Our reasoning, even a single quarter of play from Portis is worth more than an entire game of Anthony Thomas in the backfield. Little did we know that Dillon would take himself out of the game -  again . Ugh. Our two starting running backs produced two fantasy points. I am not pleased.  The other positions were solid this week. Doug Jolley snagged a touchdown, and Jeff Wilkins booted three field goals. Our second string defense, the Jaguars, contributed some points during Tampa's bye week. That's all we needed 'em to do. And while Maddox is struggling to hit his receivers for touchdowns, Matt Hasselbeck is back in action next week against the Packers. I'm hoping for a shoot out.  The supplemental draft is coming in a couple weeks, and I am already scheming on how to bolster the running game. It is certainly the most vexing part of our lineup. Too bad the pickings are pretty slim, we might have to engineer a trade if things don't pan out.