Time for a quick scan of some recent headlines.     Marilyn Manibusan off to prison  - Former senator and Guam Territorial Land Use Commissioner Marilyn Manibusan   departed island  this week to begin her sentence in federal prison. She was sentenced to five years and 11 months for extortion, money laundering, wire fraud, and bankruptcy fraud during her tenure at the Guam Territorial Land Use Commission.    Gerry Yingling indicted  - former Guam International Airport administrator Gerry Yingling was   indicted this week ,   after  a   string  of   stories  detailing further abuse and misuse of travel by airport officials and others in the previous administration. Authorities were   still searching  for Yingling yesterday, and suspected he might be   in the Philippines .    Former Parks and Recreation official indicted  - Rounding out the trifecta of former government officials indicted or imprisoned this week, Franklin Herrero was   indicted this week  on charges that he took funds from the Department of Parks and Recreation and deposited them into the employee's association bank account.  Power rates   to go up , water rates   to go up , test scores   to fall  -  May you live in interesting times.    FY 2004 budget railroaded through  - legislators shot the new budget through to the governor last week, and basically extorted him to sign the budget by tying it to an airport bond refinancing measure that would expire that very day.    Banned coach discovered at football practice  - Loring Cruz, banned for life from coaching high school football because of a player's death a decade ago, was found at practice sessions for the George Washington Geckos this week. The incident sparked a   firestorm  of controversy in the local media, especially after he was   caught on videotape . It sure looked like coaching to me.    Guam man arrested in Chicago for luring underage girl over internet  - A Guam man was arrested in Chicago last week for planning a sexual rendezvous with an underage girl he met over the internet.  -And that was the week that was.