Alabama's been hitting the headlines lately, making it apparent that Alabamans are reasserting their claim to being the most bass-ackward state in the union.    The Ten Commandments boondoggle  - I abstained from mentioning   this debacle  with the   Ten Commandments  in the Alabama Supreme Courthouse but I think the time is right for me to chime in.   Judge Roy Moore's  quest to introduce religion into the state's judicial system is not a recent development. He tried this in   1995 ,   2000 , 2001 and finally sneaked the granite monolith into the courthouse earlier this year under the cover of darkness. He loudly proclaims that the commandments are the basis of law in the United States, a statement that his patently false. Our legal system is a direct descendant of English common law, which dates back to the pagan Anglo-Saxons. Don't believe me? Ask   Thomas Jefferson , he might know a thing or two about it. A direct quote from a founding father:   "I was glad to find in your book a formal contradiction, at length, of the judiciary usurpation of legislative powers; for such the judges have usurped in their repeated decisions, that Christianity is a part of the common law. The proof of the contrary, which you have adduced, is incontrovertible; to wit, that the common law existed while the Anglo-Saxons were yet Pagans, at a time when they had never yet heard the name of Christ pronounced, or knew that such a character had ever existed."   Straight from the horses' mouth. Of course this   won't quiet a demagogue  like Judge Roy Moore,   his agenda  is the blind adoption of religion into the government of the United States. This is the very thing the progenitors of our country disavowed. It might seem like ancient history, but the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries were rife with sectarian violence, Protestant against Catholic, Protestant against Protestant. The agonies of those centuries endures today in Kosovo and Northern Ireland. Our nation's founders sought an end to such strife, and they correctly recognized that the source of conflict lay in the political endorsement of one religion at the expense of another. By installing the   Ten Commandments , Judge Roy Moore selects one religion above others. Why not adhere to fundamentalist Islam,   like the Taliban ? Or endorse Hinduism or the teachings of the Buddha? It's a slippery slope this religious fundamentalism, and it leads back down to the Protestant Reformation and the 30 Year's War, the Hundred Year's War, the English Civil War, the Inquisition and a number of other things I would hope we put behind us. Our forefathers were determined not to repeat history's mistakes, they boldly set our nation apart as a nation created by and for all people, regardless of race or creed.   Apostate Republicans and a revamped tax code  - Seems there might be a change fomenting among Alabama conservatives.   Bob Riley , the Republican governor of Alabama turned his back on his party and political power base and introduced a new tax code for Alabama, one that raises taxes on the wealthy and propertied landowners while reducing the crippling tax burden on the poor. He cites an   Alabama law professor and her biblical thesis  as the reason for his turncoat behavior. Seems some conservatives are discovering that   being a good Christian means helping the poor , not the rich. What a concept. This betrayal of the Republican party is being met with anger and discord among the state's conservative power base.   Voters will decide  the tax issue on   September 9 th  .  Update:  The tax revision was   defeated  at the polls today. Observers cite a successful disinformation campaign by the Republican party and conservative factions in the state against the governor.