I spent the weekend in Tokyo, a guest at the wedding of a former Guam resident. Sumiko moved off Guam about three years ago, but we've kept in touch since. She married   Go Shimada  on Saturday, and friends converged from around the world to wish her and Go all happiness and joy in the years ahead.       The wedding was held at the   New Otani Hotel  in Tokyo, and it was beautiful. The party lasted well into the night, first at formal dinner in the New Otani's Ho-oh Ballroom and then at   Zipangu , atop the   Akasaka Excel Hotel Tokyu . Among the guests were a sizable contingent from   Thunderbird , the graduate school in Arizona where Go and Sumiko first met.       My friend Annie, also a former Guamanian, came to the wedding from San Francisco.       Guess who got the bouquet when Sumiko tossed it?       It was a good trip. I spent Sunday shopping with Annie and her friend Liz and Sandy. Or I guess I should say they went shopping in Harajuku while I went to see the Meiji Jingu Shrine and walk around Yoyogi Park. Sunday night they went down to Roppongi (Gas Panic!) while I met my friend David Neale for dinner in Ogikubo. Dave is putting on  True West  this week, so I was lucky he could spare a few hours to hook up with me.  I spent a good deal of my free time wandering around this trip. Tokyo is just about as different from Guam as any place can be. Millions of people, all in a hurry. Millions of things to do, places to go, sites to see. It is very easy to become lost in the immensity of the place. Hell I could ride around on trains all day and be happy. To escape the daily routine, and discover new places and people. I am sure that is why people come to Guam, and many see it as an exotic, idyllic place. The allure of a tropical island wears off after so many years. I find myself craving cities, culture and mobs of people. Losing myself in a crowd, melting away to nothing, it holds a nihilistic appeal to me.  A funny thing, the newlyweds honeymooned on Guam! They were at the Hilton for a few days, and I met up with them yesterday. They look quite happy together. They left today for Japan, to resume their busy lives.  I will say this. I got a taste of the big city in Tokyo, and I definitely will be visiting more often.