Movies      The Matrix Revolutions  -  Okay, it was better than I thought last week, but it still didn't meet my expectations. I was hoping for some sort of merging of machine and man, a new stage of evolution. Instead I got status quo and a humdrum action flick. Oh, and plenty of "Neo is Christ" references.    McCabe & Mrs. Miller  - Wish they made more like this. An adult movie with complexity and depth. Fine performances by   Warren Beatty  and   Julie Christie . And that lonely, desolate score by Leonard Cohen haunts me.    The Usual Suspects  - The first thing I remember   Kevin Spacey  in, and the last thing I remember   Stephen Baldwin ,   Gabriel Byrne  and   Chazz Palminteri  being in.    Traffic  - I never bothered to watch this before. It was powerful, in a heavy-handed Hollywood way. It seemed to say, "This is an important film - like   Gandhi  or something. You must watch it." Yeah yeah, whatever.    Get Shorty  -  You watch it and POOF! It's gone without a trace. Fluffy McFluff-Fluff. But fun. I'm sure people in the movie business thought it was great. If you listen closely you can here them smirking and sniggering behind the camera in every scene.    LA Confidential  - Film noir with a modern twist.    The Young Lions  - Hmm. Seen this before and I can't remember why I put it on my Netflix queue. Maybe to watch   Montgomery Clift  get the crap beat out him? Or possibly it is   Marlon Brando's  weird German accent and bottled blonde hair?    A Midnight Clear  - Another WWII movie. This one with a bunch of whiny Gen-X'ers taking over a chateau in the snow.     The Sand Pebbles  -   Steve McQueen  turns in probably his best performance in this one. I really enjoyed this movie. A slice of history not often portrayed in films.    Abre Los Ojos  - The Spanish version of   Vanilla Sky . Same plot, different language - same   Penelope Cruz , but a lot more naked. While Vanilla Sky had a better soundtrack, this one has Penelope Cruz naked. Need I say more?    Waking Life  -  Big Brains and lots of talk. So many ideas are bursting out of this amazing little animated movie. A real treat.    The Bridge On The River Kwai  -    William Holden  and   Alec Guinness , a classic war film.  That's about all I've seen in the past two months. All those war movies have skewed Netflix into offering me every action and war movie in their library. At least Netflix doesn't   think I'm gay , but they do think I'm some blood lust enraged war monger. Guess it's time to rent   Three Men and a Baby .