[15816]   Now Playing: Black Flag - "What I See"  So last night I had dream that Melissa and I had a discussion similar to Hume's  Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion .  So in Scottish Englightment philosopher David Hume's (1711-76)  Dialogues Concerning Natural Religion  an argument is presented through the dialogue between three characters (Philo, Cleanthes, and Demea).  Essentially the argument is mostly between Philo and Demea against Cleanthes who argues for the big clock maker concept of God. What that means is that God created the universe and set it in motion. Cleanthes makes some arguments and from there Philo begins to poke holes in the design argument. Some of major problems come from the issue of using analogy,  a priori  arguments, assumptions, and human error.  Now playing: Pennyise - "Running Out of Time"  That's sort of the background behind the setting, but our imaginary discussion had more to do some of the pragmatic issues in religion... such as the difference between the Old Testament God and the New Testament God. There were also arguments about basic beliefs and stuff.   Fascinating that I have such philosophical dreams huh?  Anyway some basic thoughts on religion for the rest of you:  As irreverant as I am, I have no problem with people believing what they want as long as they don't proselytize. While ignorance is bliss, ignorance is dangerous. I'm a firm believer that people should be aware of the history of their beliefs and the negative ways it has been used to legitimize heinous events in human history I also believe in the relativity of beliefs through out time-space. Beliefs are not timeless as some would think, and they change over time. People should regonize the pragamitic aspects of belief, in that belief systems serve purposes and do not exist outside of social action. Now playing: The Police - "Synchonicity II"  Something that I was thinking about this morning.... there's this thing I don't feel cool about and it is about conflicting interests. Some rivarlies are healthy, some things are worth fighting for, but those are things that you don't know until after the fact.  Yesterday was long, but fun.  ***