Just got out of the shower after a long day...  I had statistics, statistics lab, time to kill, and history, and the  Alkaline Trio  concert.  Lots of good news today... I got a lot of acclaim for my intro and outline for my history paper in class today. Things like that are nice, because it's people who are technically colleagues that are in the same situation as you praising you.  Also  Alkaline Trio  at the Troubadour was pretty cool. The show opened with Dropkick Vietnam. They weren't very good, I've seen worse, but that fat lead singer with the cordless mic got on our nerves. It was also dumb of him to tell people to start moshing and then play a song with a slow intro, because the people got going and then stopped. All the heat was gone once the song go started, which isn't the way its supposed to work. Solea was pretty good. They have a Weezer, Jimmy Eat World or New Found Glory type of sound. It more rock than punk, but it was good stuff.  Alkaline Trio  played a great 1 hr set. I'll admit I'm not a big fan and I don't know all the words. I can only listen the titles of a couple of songs; however, they are significantly better live than recorded. They had a lot more energy in my opinion. All in all it good fun.  My only gripe about seeing these up and coming bands is the teenagers at the shows. I don't have a problem with most, but it seems to me there are always these "kids" who are total dicks in the pit. It's a given when you're in the pit, it's going to be rough and people push people around. That means when you get pushed it doesn't mean anything. It's all in good fun. However, these "kids" think you're starting shit or try to start shit and go back after you. I've only noticed this recently from the younger crowd. At shows such as  Bad Religion ,  Rancid , and  TSOL  with an older fan base, I get a stronger vibe of respect and appreciation of the music and one another. This show, and  Face to Face  last weekend had younger crowds... even Face to Face is an older band... and those little kids were little punk asses that I just wanted to beat down. I know I sound all old and conersvative when I say that I blame all this nu-metal stuff that floating around. All this empty anger and these kids go to shows with these attitudes from it... empty anger... wanting to start shit... I need to find more 18+ or 21+ venues.  ***