Wow yesterday was busy! I woke up around 9 AM... which is extremely early for me on a Saturday. I made my potato, egg, and smoothie breakfast and was off to school to do research. I found some nice stuff on how much money  Blockade  made in  Variety . It's kind of confusing, but it's interesting for my paper. There's one thing on Radio City Music Hall that was really interesting. Oh yea... I found out that Edwards Theaters here in So Cal was one of the first to only show one movie at a time in a lot of different rooms. That was kind of neat little fact.   After that, I went to listen to my friend Stephanie's presentation on her research on cosmetics of the 18th century. It was pretty good. The poor girl ran out of time. I could tell she had a lot of stuff to present, but didn't get a chance to due to time constraints. It was cool, and the other presentations were cool too. After that myself, and all my lady friends from Cambridge went to In N Out. It's always cool hanging out with them.  We parted ways soon after eating, and I had to go to the Engineering Gateway to finish up my art project and then to Kinkos to print it out. I then went home and relaxed a bit and chatted with my buddy Flo until I had to go pick up my pals for  Face to Face .  First of all we were extremely annoyed by the $15 valet parking we were forced to pay. That was the first time I ever used valet and it was not the convience that it should have been. Very irritating! I had to wait forever to get my car back after the show!  Anyway... we got there at the end of Midtown's set. We didn't really want to see any of the opening acts anyway. So it wasn't long until  Face to Face  took the stage. That was a really good show. The band isn't exactly one of my favorites, but it's one band where I just wanted to at least see them once. However, they played a good set. They played stuff from their new album, which I think is pretty good. Their cover of  Descendents ' "Bikeage" was great. Also the crowd went crazy when "Disconnected" played about 5 songs in. It was fun night out with the posse so it was fun. Afterwards we went over to Brandon's and had some Del Taco and beer while watching  Rumble in the Bronx .  Heh I'm writing this almost right after I woke up... past 2PM... this is going to be a productive day...  ****