Man... this was a long ass weekend, but it was fun.  Yesterday, I worked from 9-12 and then went up to Naomi's to meet up with the girls for LACMA. From there, Steff and her sister, Naomi and I went down to the museum to meet up with Julia. The museum was fun. It was a fun outing with some good friends. I dug the work of William Kentridge. It was some awesome charcoal drawings and videos. Afterwards we all met up with Janet and Flo for dinner at  Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles . That was my first time there and it was damn good. After dinner, I took Steff's sister back to Irvine. It was a fun drive down. Steff's sister is cool. We had a lot to talk about. After picking up some of Steff's stuff, I went home and rested until I got a call from Janet to meet them at Flo's place. There we hung out all night. I didn't get home until 1 PM. After resting some more, I went to go hang out with Linda. We rented  Bubble Boy ,  How High , and a Jet Li movie. Now I'm home with work at 8 AM tomorrow.  Something that's been on my mind all day today is the balance between being yourself and being considerate of others. I'll be honest with myself. I'm an irreverent and oftentimes inconsiderate person. That combined with my demented view of the world can result with me saying stuff that is disturbing or offensive ot others. Many times I'm oblivious or just shrug it off... which adds to the inconsiderate nature of my personality. The problem at hand is the fact that someone told me that I offended a friend of mine with a sarcastic remark. Now, back to the balance between being yourself and being considerate of others, I wonder what's the best way to approach the situation. I would apologize, but that doesn't solve the larger problem of me realizing I probably have many more times in past said things that this friend didn't like and that I'll continue to say things my friend would prefer not to hear. Should I censor myself? I think that's my big question. It's something for me to think more about.  **