Something that I was just thinking about is something that my buddy Steff brought up about unrequited love the other night and I think listening to oldies made me think about it more. I honestly think that society puts so many  ideal  images in our minds that oftentimes we get caught up in our desire for the ideal that we lose touch with reality. That is especially the case in romance. A little disclaimer before I begin, this is most certainly not critique of my friend's love life, but rather a commentary on society. So if she or any of our friends are reading this, that's what it is.  I think that from the time we are born we are socialized to have the nearly universal  ideal  of the soulmate. The perfect person that will make your life complete. That's an image that companies such as Disney has made millions off of in movies and television shows. It's a fantasy image that is programmed into us; therefore, throughout our lives we yearn to fulfill that fantasy. I admit the image is important to help create social order, which is a good thing. However, I think it also does something really bad. It makes us feel incomplete without a girl or guy in our lives. We're unhappy unless we're living the fantasy that Disney wants us to live. That makes us search and many times latch ourselves onto people who aren't always the best for us in order to try to feel complete. That's a unhealthy situation to be in, because you're living in fantasy not reality. You think the person is the greatest, even though they're not. I'm sure most of us have been in such a situation. It isn't pleasant is it? I myself have tried to avoid being in that situation again by realizing that my life isn't incomplete without a significant other. I recently refused to be brainwashed by Fascist Walt and I think I'm the most content I've been in a while as a result.  Songs that are applicable to the topic at hand are the Buzzcocks' "Ever Fallen in Love?" Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive," and the Chiffons "One Fine Day."  **