Today... I had a 1/2 day in the office and then went up to Temple City with my mom and my bro to pick out what pictures we want from last weeks photo shoot. That was pretty much it as I spent most of the day napping...   As sometimes happens when I can't get myself to bed... I do a lot of thinking. I was thinking a lot more about the notion of being a good person and I really think that many religious people who equate religiosity with goodness are quite nuts. I've been reading a lot lately about Shawn Michaels and his new religious life. In an interview on the Million Dollar Man's webpage, he talks about how he knows he's going to heaven and how some people are going to hell. I personally think that strain of thinking, which unfortunately many religious people have is messed up. For example, I'm not a "good" person because of fear. I don't believe in heaven or hell, and yet I don't commit crimes or anything like that. I have my flaws, but I think for the most part I'm a "good" upstanding citizen. I think that says a lot more about my character, than someone who lives his life fearing where he's going to go when he dies. That way of thinking is no different than the notion of a "good" citizen in Nazi Germany. You follow the rules out of fear of the Gestapo. We could even go further back into history... with "good" Christians slaughtering other Christians in the 30 Years' War or Christians killing Muslims during the Crusades. What about the current Middle East? "Good" Jews and Muslims wanting each other's blood to be spilled? So in my opinion using religion to measure the "goodness" of actions is not cool in my book. (I'm using parentheses around the word good, because that word is so relative to time and place.)  The whole Shawn Michaels showing off his born-again attitude in the WWE and preaching is also disturbing to me because of the proselytizing. I have a big problem with proselytizing... which is something that is pretty big with Christianity. I could go into the whole linkage between that, and the American notion of Manifest Destiny and imperialism, but I'm not. I'm going to write about a more personal experience: a so-called friend wanting to change me. Without going too much into detail, many months ago she admitted to wanting to convert me. I once asked her if I've been a good friend to her and she responded by saying I've been one of her best friends. I then asked if I've been such a good friend without religion, how would religion change me. Her response was that I'd just be "better." I asked what that meant and how I'd be better and all she said was that I'd just be "better." That was one of my final straws with this former friend. For her to want to change me, despite me being a great friend (according to her) was an insult. That was in addition to the fact that she was measuring my "goodness" with my religiosity, not my actions. That was another insult. This was all in the face of me never once wanting to change her, despite our conflicting points of views. I guess we'll find both find out who was the "better" person when our souls are weighed by a half man half animal deity, let into Heaven or sent to Hell, get reincarnated, or get eaten by worms and bacteria.  **