As with many operas, there was a free public lecture prior to it starting... I have to say that the lady did just an alright job of talking about Verdi's life and the opera. I personally think that the guy that talked when I saw La Traviata... another Verdi opera... did a better job. It was funny cause because this lady was making a big deal about how Il Trovatore might not be the best Verdi opera, but it is her favorite at the begining of the talk. Then at the end she said it was the best opera. Hah, what a hypocrite.   I can't say I liked this opera a lot. The development of the story... despite what the lecturer said... is completely unbelievable. I mean... how do you toss the wrong kid into the fire? I was pondering that for most of the opera. I repeat she tossed the wrong kid into a fire! Also I felt the characters are far less appealing compared to other operas I've seen such as La Traviata, Don Giovanni, Carmen and Madama Butterfly. Well actually all the characters in opera generally suck ass... since they're mostly tragedies, but nothing really makes me feel for the ones in this one. For example the men in La Traviata and Madama Butterfly... you're totally all like... that guy's a dick! In Il Trovatore... you don't have a real asshole (in my opinion anyway).    That's not to say I didn't enjoy myself. Of all the opera's I've seen the scenary was the best... the backdrops were beautifully painted. From what I understand... the real scenary got stuck on a boat in Russia since the ocean froze. So local people made it. The opera group is the Russian State Opera... they're from Siberia (which means Binghamton must seem tropical to them).... and this is supposed to be the first time they've ever performed Il Trovatore in the US. Anyway... the scenary was just so damn good... that I was staring at it in some scenes more than the action itself. Of course the highlight for me was the Anvil Chorus... the aria that starts off Act II. It's been featured in so many cartoons! That was great!   Other things that I noted... I understand why one wants to sit up high in opera. The Andersen Center here is only one level.... despite from what I gather... double the capacity of Irvine's Barclay. No Dorothy Chandler or OC Performing Arts though. Anyway... reading supertitles looking up and following the stuff on stage is hard. Also... I've noticed at these artsy classy things in Binghamton... the elderly take over. I think I was one of the few young males in the building.... just like when I go to arts and crafts stores.  Didn't get to go to Cornell and see my cousin Kathy... SeoKyung is just... a very interesting person when it comes to planning things.  Party at Stephanie's tonight!  ***