Damn it...  Brotherhood of the Wolf  was scratched up and I couldn't watch the last 45 minutes of it. It was just starting to speed up in pace too!  So far I've liked the movie... what I like most is the historical context. True it's fictional, but that they did try to add some historical realism to it. I thought the discussion of race was interesting. That is the film is set in the 1760s and the French nobles were discussing the issue of "race." I put the word in quotations, because the modern concept of race, that is a combination of phenotype and genetics wasn't prevalent outside of slave societies yet. I'm not sure if many people outside of people who study this stuff realize, but the modern concept of race didn't exist until the 19th century... that is not to say that there wasn't ethnocentrism and genocide occuring in the centuries prior. However, I would argue that it was based on religion and ethnocentrism more than anything.  Of course, while things are changing for the better... we still live under the shadow of one of the worst things humans have ever created. Just look at Trent Lott's recent comments at Strom Thurmand's birthday party, or senator Howard Coble's comments that Japanese internment during WWII was alright. Racial profling for Arab Americans... we still live in a world that still defines people by the color of their skin. This is a complex social construction that not only permeates macro things such as economic inequality and foreign policy, but unfortunately affects people on a social psychological level...   I think the social psychological level is facsinating in that gender and race are correlated in terms of stereotypes of sexuality. The most obvious ones are that Asian women are fetishized and African-American men are believed to have sexual prowess. (These notions are of course absurd... and coming from an Asian male perspective... we got the short end of the stick in terms of all these stereotypes). It's interesting cause these sexual paradigms can be seen to parrallel the visions of Europeans as that conquered Asian and African countries... in the 19th century as well.  That's just my little rant spurred by one little scene from the movie.  ***