I just managed to squeeze out 2 pages for one my 602 papers. That makes 4 out of 30 done for that class, and 4 out of 15 done for art history.  It's better than nothing, but I could be more productive... then again it is still early. I really need to get on that Shepperson book... the subject matter is just so not what I'm into.  Ok so I've been think a lot about how  Bad Religion  is being challenged for its spot as my favorite band. Particularly by  Anti-Flag ,  T(I)NC , and  Randy . Let's take a look at these bands in depth...  1 -  Bad Religion ... I've been a fan since 1993/4. They've been around since 1980, when I was born and I've seen them 3 times. In terms of music and message, they don't seem as radical as I used to back in high school.  The Process of Belief  was an amazing album in that it really got to me on topics such as questioning religion, society, and the environmental issues. However, as my own politics stray further left... their asking of questions and not being polemical doesn't resonate with me as much as the other bands. But, Bad Religion has a nostalgia to them that the other bands don't have.  2 & 3 -  The (International) Noise Conspiracy  and  Randy  are tied for second and third place right now. These are two killer bands from Sweden with revolutionary messages embedded in their songs. However, they do it with such amazing style. Actually T(I)NC might have the edge, because I've seen them live twice compared to zero for Randy... and T(I)NC is significantly better than BR live. T(I)NC is jazzy and charismatic in their ripping up of capitalist ideology. Randy is good ol' rock 'n roll fun as they gleefully sing about revolution.   4 -  Anti-Flag  is angry and their sound is militant. I rank them lower than T(I)NC and Randy, simply because they don't get the style points the Swedes do. However, their being angry and the fucked up stuff in the world gets me going. They make me want to mosh or punch a hole in a wall. T(I)NC and Randy actually make me want to dance (and I hate dancing). Bad Religion makes me want to think as I sing along.  Bad Religion is playing a show in Long Island next weekend, and I'm not going... but for T(I)NC or Randy I think I would, but not Anti-Flag... I dunno... I guess it's tough deciding what your  favorite  is.  ***