My mom just told me a story about running into the mom of someone that I grew up with... it was typical mom talk about what kids are up to. However, my mom said the look on the lady's face was classic when she told her I'm in a phd program right now. It was a look of disbelief apparently... that crazy little Albert is gonna be called professor or doctor.  The irony was that I was just thinking about what a different person I am now compared to how I was growing up. Yea... yea... another nostalgia post.   I once had a reputation of being one of the craziest and toughest mofos around. I can't say I've won every fight, but I've never lost one either. I've dented lockers, 500 page text books, and trash cans with my skull. I've dove out 3rd story windows in addition to diving off stages. I use to not give a fuck and was even dragged out of class for a talk by a school counselor. I've eaten flame, and I've put all sorts of crazy stuff in my mouth. I was suspended twice. I got expelled from Chinese school. I swung a steel pole at a school official. I was a vandal. I let a friend burn my hair, punch and knee me in the head. I didn't even tap when an Olympic wrestler put a front headlock on me. I've picked up a heavyweight and tossed him. I've beat someone down and made him apologize. I laughed when a fat man in black came after me with scissors. My reputation grew to mythic proportions as I was once asked if I really dared someone to run over me with a car. I used to be one crazy and tough mofo, but that story wasn't true... not someone you'd expect to be teaching at a university some day huh?  Now I care about consequences. I care about the implications of my actions. I care about people, especially people close to me. It matters what those close to me think of me, because I value their opinions. Hell, I value everything about them. It's not just about me anymore. If I dove out a window and broke my neck... I know people who'd cry for me. If I'm beaten broken and bloody either by my actions or the actions of others... there'd be those who'd care for me.   For the villian that said caring makes you weak... he's right. But the hero was right about it making you strong too. However, I miss the freedom. I miss the madness and rage. Yet the path to success in this world is not made by being a pyro and burning everything around you.   **