[14653]  Last night I hung out with Naomi, Mag, Frank and Heather. We got approached by cops while drinking in the park. At least we didn't get ticketed.  I think I have 4 circles of friends... well in Irvine anyway...  The Posse: Andy, Derek, Kaho, Jon and Brandon The Cambridge Girls: Steff, Naomi R., Janet, Julia, and Flo The other Irvine High people: Basically Naomi N. and her friends Shadowfaxians: People from the freshman dorms  In Binghamton, I pretty much hang out with the dudes from my incoming class of grad students: Jeff, Chi-Wei, and Wataru.  So I was talking about clothing in my last post... I should probably get new shoes before I leave for school. My current shoes are a bit worn out... too many shows. Ok... my compaint about shoes is that they should really make laces custom length to the shoe. 'Cause they issue the same length laces for small sizes as they for hige sizes. It bugs me when the tips of laces get obliterated, because you never know when you have to relace your shoes.  Something else about clothing is that there was a thread on ATNW that was anti-cargo pants. What I think is funny about that is because many of the people on that board are indie / emo type kids. That means that vintage clothes are more their style. I really have no issue with how people dress except for the following:   1) Slutty / skanky / too revealing - I like seeing tits, but seriously... the only place where that's cool is at the beach and maybe a club. How do expect guys not stare?  2) Wearing heavy leather, suits, ties, etc. at some punk shows - It's fine if you're gonna stand in the back with your beer and watch, but if you're planning to be in the thick of things dress knowing that you need mobility and lighter clothes. It gets fucking hot in there, and you should know better. That way you don't have to be a wiener and escape the heat.   Back to the thread... It was just silly because they didn't like cargos, because that's not the in fashion bottomwear for their subculture and they're really popular right now. It's just elitism at work. Personally cargos are extremely handy for someone like me who carries a fat wallet full of copy cards, a cell phone, keys, and scraps of paper with stuff written on them. Utility is important.  Been listening to  Social Distortion  and  Weezer  today.  I need to get shit done today.  ***