[14603]   First something a little more serious... my thoughts on the California Governor Recall. I guess the question is that if this is really democracy in action. In many ways I feel that it is democracy in action in that an unpopular governor in a state faced with serious financial problems may be removed from office. However, a fundamental problem with democracy is the mass media. Gray Davis's downfall has a lot to do with his poor playing of public relations and political forces taking advantage of that misplay. I remember an article in the LA Times early in his term discussing how he's laying so low that some people don't even know who he is. This allowed Republicans such as Issa to use the media machine against him. Then all of sudden people were talking about how bad Davis is. Arnold Scharzenegger on the other hand is playing the media to his advantage. Leaking news he might not run and then announcing his entry into the race on a talk show.   Here's my awkwardness with the whole thing. I am a fan of referendum and popular vote and I feel that many canidates (130 as of today) will make this election interesting. The media surrounding the whole thing could boost voter turn out. I mean with Arnold, Gary Coleman, Jack Grisham, Larry Flynt, etc. people will want to vote, because this time around it's kind of fun. However, the problem is that people can be sheep. That's why our country was made a republic and not a democracy. That's why referendums are rare in our country, unlike others. Our so-called founding fathers were for the most part fearful of the  demos  and people, yet they felt that sovereignty can only be based on common will. There's the tension right there. Will the people make the right choice? I'm not saying that what is right is what I believe in, but think about mobs. In mob sitatuations innocent people get hurt. Yet media coverage of things such as police violence (Rodney King, Rampart) created a positive uproar from the  demos .   I think this election is making people aware of what's going in the state, which is a good thing. Once people are aware, not even name power is enough. Let's hope people wake up and think about what they're doing and not get caught up in the media.  Ok to something less serious...  Mr. T Experience  rocks live. They played a great set and all 25 fans seemed to dig it. I thought Stay at Home Bomb was hilarious. Tossing twinkies at the audience and screaming "you're fat" is just great satire.  ***