[14584]  It's so nice that I have people who care enough about me to get angry when I do things that aren't healthy or safe. I mentioned Steff in an earlier post being critical and me thinking that it's cool to have friends like that. Well... just now Flo gave me a hard time about the whole moonsault at the Ozma show. That's really cool. It's really nice to know people care. Sure I'm still gonna do crazy shit... but it's nice to have criticism.  The conversation was kind of deja vu, because I remember freshman year of college... I was doing stuff like jumping off a drinking fountain onto a bunch of mats at Crawford Hall. I remember being kind of annoyed that Sue told me not to do stuff like that, but I guess I was less mature back then. She was amongst the many old dorm folks at PM's birthday on Sunday.  So I had lunch with the girls at Baja Fresh... I haven't eaten there in years and after today... I remember why... it's really expensive. It was cool though. It's always fun. Then we went to Gelsons and messed around with the wine cooler machine.  After all that... Janet, Julia, and I went to tour Steff's office. I met a dude there that was on the SF State Wrestling Team when Andrew Pena wrestled on there. Yea... the Irvine connections never cease... but yea... we were both silent for a second when I asked if he knew Andrew. Pretty damn sad. Since I'm on the topic, Pena was an amazing guy and it's fitting that he's immortalized at IHS in a tournament and award.  After the tour, Janet, Julia and I hung out at my place and looked through my old pictures. More Irvine memories.  Irvine... as I explained to Steff on Sunday... will always be home. Yes I look forward to getting away again and going back to school, but I have so many memories here in  The OC ... heh....  I can't forget my friends and adventures I've had. All the school stuff, roaming the streets of OC, Walmart, malls, HomeTown Buffet, Chain Reaction, etc. It was funny going through my old yearbooks with the girls... I've come across so many interesting characters in my time here. I hope I'm as memorable as those people are for me.  ***