Here I am at the HIRC at UCI killing time. I couldn't stand reading at the little cafe by HIB anymore. It was got to disturbing. It seemed that everybody with a devasting problem in their life just had to come and sit near me. I'm not kidding either. There were two girls sharing their experiences of being raped. I'm not kidding. That was some fucked up shit man. They were talking about how it happened and how they're trying to get over it. That's pretty sad and disturbing stuff to hear, because it was so real. I mean, you hear about that shit happening on TV and when there are guest speakers in class or assemblies, but damn... this was the real deal. They weren't trying to get a message out. They were just trying to work through their problems, their fears of their assaulters, who never got punished for their actions! In addition to that, there was another girl who was telling her friend about all the sexual harassment she suffered through during a job interview! Man... and I thought my life was "hilariously cruel" as that poster put it. What I'm suffering through now, I can deal with. I won't be traumatized for life, like these poor souls. It's ironic that through the suffering of others that you can make the realization that life isn't really that bad as you thought.   Speaking of irony, what's up with that poster that says "Life is hilariously cruel" with a red cross out symbol over the symbols of the 3 major monotheistic religions on Ring Road? If that, amongst other things, doesn't say that there is such a thing a fate or some sort of power guiding the potential random occurances in life, I don't know what does. So "life is hilariously cruel?" Yep, it's cruel. Hilariously? I guess it is. Someone once told me that shit comes in threes... or whatever number it is. I mean it can't get much worse than 2 rejections: one from a girl, and one from UCSD, in addition to failing a midterm right? Well only if shit comes in multiples higher than three I guess.  Anyway on my list of things to do today are finish reading that book on coffee in Brazil, write a 5 page book review on that book, and get some studying done for the mass communications midterm.  Will the hilarity cease? We'll see!  **