[14565]   What happened between Lisa and I in the past really changed me. It's affected how I deal with people in so many ways....   Last night she said she was really hurt, because she knew that I knew how much those words would hurt her. I told her I really wish that things happened differently, but I know if I was faced with reliving the same situation... I would have done the same or said worse. I don't know if she understands how betrayed I felt when she said that I'd be a better friend if I believed in God and that she tried to change me. I also knew that no matter what I did would hurt her. If I had just chosen to stop being her friend, or confronted her about it... she would have been hurt regardless. I felt that those were words she had to hear, with my honest feelings. Even on the phone last night all my words were on the defensive. I've never been able to... maybe because I know her too well... to just say what I want to say to her. It's cause I know she always takes my words the wrong way. I couldn't say that while I have regrets... that being in the office with her reminded me of all the reason why I said what I said.  She's someone who has to have it her way and be in charge of every detail.... She forgets sometimes that she's dealing with human beings. I remember all the comments her group were making about her when I helped her on a project. She's bossy.  At Nielsen she's been very disorganized. She kept jumping back and forth what my role with LPM was. She kept calling me with changes in the work schedule.  She kept treating me like I wasn't doing any work. It was a slap in the face when she said she didn't trust me working with George.  When I suggested that an email letting FRs and MRs know that calling the office cell before closing is better than calling the land line... she made a demeaning remark.  She gave me attitude that was unprovoked.  She's going around telling people that if it's in her power I won't be back for future hollidays.  I called the office today and told them I couldn't go in anymore. I gave them a partial truth. I did have a virus and I do have a lot of writing to get done. I just didn't feel it necessary to cite all the reasons why I simply can't work there anymore. I don't believe for a second that me being a target was without personal reasons. This is someone who wanted to toss a 14 year old girl out of her confirmation class. She's someone who takes everything personally and since it's not humanly possible to be perfect... there will always be ammo for her to use against me. That and I feel stabbed in the back by a co-worker for instigating things made me not even want to go into the office anymore.   So at least now I can work on my papers and have fun.  *