Yesterday I took Kelly sightseeing in LA / Hollywood.  First we went to LACMA... it's been roughly a year since I was last there. Last time was with the girls plus Cissa. It was cool and relaxing. My camera on my phone takes pictures somewhat well in there... heh.  After that I took Kelly up to Hollywood Blvd and we walked around over there. It was cool. It's been a while since I was last there. So Mako, David Carradie and David Hasselhoff have stars on the walk of fame? Afterwards, we got something to eat on Santa Monica Blvd down the street from the Troubadour.   The restaurant we went to was a Mexican place with a large gay clientele. It was funny cause our waiter, who was very friendly, looked like Matt Damon. I don't think I'm gonna watch Matt Damon movies the same way again. Also... he cracked a joke about the boneless versus regular buffalo wings. He's all like the boneless ones are delicious and easier to eat... unless you like bone. Haha...   The weird part was the men's room where there was... a cross dresser? It was a small restroom and s/he was it's alright to come in and pee... I'm just washing my hands. Uh... that was weird. I'm all like... it's alright... I'll wait.  Then it was the Ozma / Piebald show. It was a good show, we caught an opening band who's name I didn't catch. They were your typical indie rock band, but it was good. Piebald was next. I'd seen them on bills at place like Chain Reaction for a while now. They aren't bad. I really dug Ozma's set. They played old and new stuff. Well some of the new stuff wasn't really new as it's stuff that they've been playing for years, but finally put on an album. I did things like yell out "Hey Friendster" at the show. It was funny, cause the girls next to me was all like... hey we're on Friendster too. Here's the crazy part.... I did a moonsault during... shit... I don't remember what song... but it was a picture perfect moonsault. I crowd surfed onto the stage and was between Brummel and Slegr... facing the drummer. I clapped my hands ala the Japanese wrestlers and hit it. Next thing I knew I was on the floor on my back with my legs facing away from the band... ok... now that I look back I had to have been caught and then dropped.... resulting in my body position.  Anyway it was a long day but good day.  ****