[14802]  Here I am at school killing time before class. I should really read more though. I have another 40-50 or so pages to read in addition to the 40 I just read. 40-50 pages seems to be my attention span limit and I usually read that in about an hour.  This morning I managed to have breakfast, take out the trash, and go grocery shopping. Not to shabby, but I should really jog in the mornings.  I've noticed that I feel exhausted until afternoon regardless of how much sleep I get and it's always hard to get up for me. But I'm getting used to the getting up between 7-8 AM thing now, which is good. I'm more productive than I was last year, but I could be more productive. 'Cause from 5 PM - 1 AM, I'm usually doing jack shit.  Something that's somewhat related to the whole "growing up" thing I wrote about earlier, is my schizophrenia. I really do have multiple personalities tugging away at me. There's always been the side of me that's all about sophistication. I enjoy opera, good cooking and fine wine. I try to know a lot about the world, science, and other random facts. Part of this stems from the fact that I really don't like how my parents are. I see my dad, for example, as loud ignorant and obnoxious. It's not that I don't like him, but he's just really annoying. He tries to act like he knows everything too. My mom rarely wants to expand her horizons and just sits around worrying about things all day. I've always tried to always be expanding my horizons and not be ignorant. That's why I try to know as much about the music I listen to, read science articles in the news, try new recipes and try new things.  However, the classy and sophisticated side often clashes with the part of me that enjoys violence, chaos, and all sorts of fucked up shit. I'm a dangerous person, when I get bored. That's when I do stupid stuff like lighting things on fire and end up doing bodily harm to myself. People are often shocked when they find out how, "Martha Stewart," I am in my cooking and crafts abilities. Is this stuff the still purveying immaturity still active in me?  Maybe I need a hobby to get this stuff out of my system? Hitting the gym? A sport or something?  Anyway... I've been listening to some  A.F.I.  recently. I also burned myself a new mixed CD.  **