I was pretty close to buying a Pennywise and Ignite shirt, but with the shipping being $10 in addition to them being long sleeves costing $19 each... I opted not to spend $50 on two shirts. It would be so much cheaper if I picked them up at a show.  I haven't put up any political or commentary in a while, so I'll put something up.  I've always been anti the use of the word  liberal  and  conservative  because those words describe poles of the American political system, but don't actually describe reality. Because they are polar, they are used the same way good and evil, or black and white, or them and us are used. I'm not a believer in absolutes and think that the world is much more complex than people who use such terms like to think. It's not simply shades of grey that describe reality, but a spectrum of colors. Take the whole thing with Arnold and McClintock on the Republican side of the California Recall election. McClintock keeps calling Arnold a liberal in order to discredit him. However, Arnold has many conservative view points such as his support for past "conservative" propositions. So is Arnold a liberal just because he supports gay unions (not marriage), abortion, etc.? McClintock is basically try to make the point that Arnold is with "them" and not with "us" (the Republicans), in order to gain support. The sad thing is Arnold has been trying to act conservative in order to get those "conservative" votes rather than simply be himself. He's buying into the bullshit terms.  If I could still vote in California would I still vote for Arnold? Yes I would. Simply because I think he will make an interesting governor. I don't really believe any one man will single handidly end the financial crisis. There are larger issues such as the national economy affecting California's crisis. I do think that Arnold is moderate enough to be a decent governor and he does really care about things like schools and education.  Ok... I've been up for 2 hrs now. I'm tempted to back to sleep, but I don't wanna screw up my sleep patterns. I wanna try to be up at 7:30 again tomorrow morning.  I'm actually looking forward to school starting up. A brand new start and I hope I'll be more studious this year. I've never been the hardest working student. I really need to change my habits so that I do better. I mean... I do pretty damn well for the effort I put into school, but I barely do any work. If I actually put in half the time I put into surfing the web or sleeping, then I could probably pull out something really impressive. We'll see.  In random play so far I've heard the  Muffs ,  Descendents , and some  NOFX  /  Rancid 's split album.  ***