Especially orange herbal tea. In my cupboard, I have that, some apple cinnamon, chinese tea, green tea, and earl grey. Only the green and earl grey are caffeinated though.  So I was wrong, the party is tomorrow night. I ended up watching  Red Dragon  instead. It was quite good.  On campus today I looked up some articles that I might want to use for my paper for my methods class. I decided to take a look at an Asian American journal. Why? Simply because it came up in my search, and there were some interesting articles about Asian-American and African-American subcultural ties. I also want money and I think I might be able to get some from the Asian and Asian American studies program.  I feel like a fake and sell out for experessing interest in the program because of money. But hey... when I got here, people assumed that I had interest in that field simply because of the color of my skin. That's like automatically assuming homosexuals want to study gay/lesbian issues, or women study gender. That's not to say that I don't care about issues concern Asian Americans, but those issues are secondary to my primary interests. I want to study things like popular culture and media. Yes issues concerning minority groups are a part of those subjects, but I only really want to study that stuff if it comes up within the larger project.  I am a fake not just because of money. I'm a fake because I've always had a tenuous relationship with the Asian-American community. I fall incredibly far from stereotypes and norms. I'm not an overachiever, I don't listen to rap / pop, I didn't drive a Honda, I think raving is stupid, my fashion sense is totally different, I don't play LAN games, nor do I do the thug thing. I'm a goatee and sometimes mohawk sporting, punk loving, t-shirt and shorts wearing, crazy, don't give a shit about status, wannabe anarchist. I go to things like Taiwanese student events, because I feel that indeed being Taiwanese is part of my identity and I'm paying homage to my heritage. However, those things make me feel awkward, because I'm always reminded of how out of place I am at those things.  Hell the way I speak is different too. I remember when I was dating Rose, and she pointed out that it was obvious from my English that my Mandarin was weak. It's true, my Mandarin is weak, and you can somewhat tell with second generation Chinese their skill from their English. There is a sort of ring to how they speak that signifies that technically Chinese was their first language (only by a few years to English). People are actually surprised when they realize that I can understand Mandarin, since I don't have that ring. I, for example, never say "lah" or "loh" at the end of my sentences in either language. It's little things like that. Hell for some reason, lots of Taiwanese people think I'm Japanese.  Do you see some the contradictions yet? I'm pulled in many directions based on many different perceptions by others and even myself. It's complicated.  Time to shower and then do some work.  ***