[14926]  I slept way too much. I slept through the whole Greyhound trip home and then slept for another 3 hrs when I got home. Of course the fact I got back to Kelly's at 4 AM and woke up at 10 this morning is probably a factor.  So I went to NYC on Friday morning leaving Binghamton at 7:30AM, dropped my stuff off at Kelly's at 11 AM and wandered around before meeting up with Steff. It was cool sitting around at a Starbucks reading the  New York Times . I miss reading real newspapers. There's a different feel to it than reading things online. It was just cool sitting there with a coffee and paper. I wonder if I should subscribe to a paper? I'm sometimes a day or two behind in regards to news.  Anyway I met up with Steff and then we went to her hotel, so she could check in, and then we went to the Hayden Planetarium for her to take pictures of it. She was disappointed at the remodelling of the building. Then we trekked through Central Park to meet up with Dan at the Met. We got there a bit before Dan at around 5:15 PM and hung out on the steps. That would have been cooler with better weather. We wandered around the Met for a couple hours and then went down to NYU and got food, before Steff and I went to go meet up with Nai at the Port Authority. After that I went back to Kelly's to crash by 1:30 AM ish?  I was up at 9 AM yesterday and hung out with Kelly and Prachant until about noon, and then went to meet up with Steff, Nai and Julia. We then went down to Little Italy and ate. When I say ate, we really ate. We had an extremely large meal with lots of wine. We had one of those larger bottles of wine and we all got seriously buzzed. I think at that point Steff was getting irritated with my constant teasing of her for a whole day. It didn't help when we were joking around and pushing one another that one of my pushes caused her to fly into a glass door. I felt bad and realized I had to tone down the jokes. Now that I think about it, I treat her a lot like my brother. Anyway... back to the narrative. After that huge meal we went to the NY Public Library, which is awesome, and then we all split up. I went to go meet up with my family for dinner while the others took off to do their own thing. So it was more food. I mean I ate some eggs and potatoes for breakfast around 11:30AM and ate that huge lunch from 1 PM to 3 PM and then ate dinner at 6:30 ish. Then I had dessert with wine back at Kelly's place!  So after all that I went to go meet up with Julia at the hotel around 8:50 and we hung out at the hotel making fun of an orange phallic looking squash until 10, in which I took off to meet up with Suzy and Ashok. I got to the bar (Ruby's Tap House) around 10:30 and we did a fair about of drinking until a bit past 12, when we went to another bar (Fuel). There things got interesting, because Ashok dropped some dude's ID into the gutter and it became a big scene with people all working hard to win Ashok's $40 bounty to get the ID out. People were sticking sticks with gum at the end to fish it out. Alas it wasn't meant to be. Then us 3 guys ended up wandering aroud until 3-something trying to find a place where they don't card so the dude can get in. That wasn't meant to be either, so we parted ways and I got back to the apartment around 4 AM.  This morning I pretty much stood in line with the girls as they attempted to get show tickets, before taking a bus home.  Yep it was a good weekend.  I'm desperate need of groceries now though.  ***