[14864]  My last post makes reference to our capitalist system and the importance of wealth. The need for wealth and money is something that permeates our thinking today is significant not only because of ideology, but because we exist in a society in which we need money to "survive." We have to get a job to make money to pay for our dwellings and food. This system makes it so that certain types of knowledge, namely types of knowledge that correlate with industry or a specific profession have higher prestige. But what about ones with lesser prestige?  This question came about, because recently it's been a topic that I've encountered. Steff mentioned that she had a little debate with Hayden over this, and Melanie discussed her not seeing the importance of philosophy, when she needed to find a job. I recently posted on Brian Holland's Friendster profile a testimonial that jokes about biology's popularity as opposed to the humannities and social sciences. So what about a field like the humanities? That field has even less directly tied professions than the social sciences.   I'd say that stuff like literature, history, philosophy and foreign languages are incredibly important in regards to producing a well rounded individual that has a larger understanding of what people have thought about certain issues, and how they dealt with those issues. Maybe Hegel isn't the best philosopher for creating an understanding of the world, but reading stuff like Englightenment philosophers, or Frankfurt school people allows one to understand our society and government. Also literature can be inspirational or delve deep into the human psyche. They uses of the knowledge, admittingly, does not have high exchange-value. However, the cultural capital that this adds to an individual is indispensible.   Anyway, that's just a little ramble...  I'm listening to  Me First and the Gimme Gimmes  again and eating left over spaghetti as the laundry is being done.  I need to do a quick review of some readings before class at 1.  ***