A friend of mine told me that she feels kind of sad that her vote might be said to have been, wasted. Essentially the system is trying to tell you whom you ought to vote for on the basis of who has the best chance of defeating the one you don't want. This is as opposed to voting for someone you'd honestly like to be in office.  To me the problem with this lies within the so-called democracy in our country, a problem that people such has Noam Chomsky have often discussed. How does this apply to the California recall? We live in a plutocratic system and Arnold is the embodiment of government by the wealthy. He said it himself that he is so rich that he cant be bought off; however, that doesnt mean that he cant buy us off.  Many bought into the glitz and glamour around his Hollywood persona. He is after all THE action star of the late 1980s and 1990s. You dont even have to identify Arnold who. The name Arnold says it all. Thats not to say that I am against Arnold, nor am I for Arnold. What Im saying is that many people voted for the wrong reason.   So who is Arnold? He is certainly no independent. Hes had long standing relationships with high profile Republicans for years. He has also long admitted to being a fiscal conservative. I take that to mean essentially the neo-liberal economic policies that most rich Americans and Republicans tout as a good thing. He is big money and the question is if he will put his interests as a member of Americas elite over that of the people. I have to admit that his more liberal social attitudes and a strong focus on education make him perhaps the most appealing Republican Ive seen. Other than that he has been quite vague about his policies, which I dont fault him for. These are issues that people not enough people care about. I personally don't think Arnold is THAT bad.   Ill keep this short Lenin said something along the lines of democracy still meaning state, despite being better than some other governmental forms. However, the basis of the state is still class oppression or something like that. Remember we live in a plutocratic system? Since I don't believe that a revolution is coming anytime soon, I can only hope for moderate / left leaning social issues in my politicians rather than any sort of economic or political change. There's comfort in apathy.   ***