I believe that honesty, to one self and to others is always the best policy. We live in a world of such ambiguity that sometimes clarity is pure relief.  Ive been talking to someone recently, who is flat out  fun . Quite frankly shes probably the most  fun  person that Ive met here in jolly old Binghamton. I guess to sum it all up I find her wit absolutely charming. That combined with intelligence, humor, and good looks, you cant help but go Damn, shes unavailable!? and secretly think what ifs. I guess there's like one lucky dude out there and Ive gotta give him props. Also if this young lady, whom I know occasionally reads my incessant ramblings, figures out that Im talking about her, I say take this as a compliment. People should be reminded that they kick ass from time to time.  Yep thats one personal thought. The other one is that Ive been feeling really content lately. I think the fact that I am being productive really improves my mood. This semester is ending on a high note. It was a bit of a drag early on since, I wasnt happy with a lot of stuff. Now I feel like Im actually doing something with myself. With only 23 days until I land in LAX, Im looking forward to a winter break where I can do some reading for the sake of reading. I hope to read some postmodernist theory books, some fiction like Chuck Palahniuk and Sartre, and some non-fiction like  Fast Food Nation . Also some punk rock shows and fun in the sun?  I guess the only time my contentment falters is when I look too deeply into the future. My future is just so vague. Do I have 3 or 4 or 5 years left here? What should I do my area papers on? What about my dissertation? A job!? Yea thats scary shit.  However, when I look at the here and now. Im cool. Its all chill. I think its a matter of mentally dealing with modernist conceptions of future desire. The insatiable thirst for progress into the future. That desire, as Buddhists believe, is the source of suffering. Im by no means a theist of any sort, but contentment is where it is at. Live life day by day and keep shit simple. I certainly dont mean  carpe diem  - - seize the day. Thats too imperative. Like I said, keep shit simple. Like the things I hope to do in the winter are just rough sketches its all really  whatever .   As Arnold says in  Total Recall  - - "Chill out... you'll live longer."  Oh yea... while I'm at it... Happy birthday to Mike while it's his birthday in some time zones and a happy birthday to his cool girlfriend and my buddy Cissa now that it's her b-day on the east coast.  Also a belated happy birthday to Toni-Lynne who's birthday was this past Saturday.  ***