[15152]  Today was a beautiful day!  Now listening to  Social Distortion's   Mommy's Little Monster  (1983).  Some comments friends made on the  Last Samurai  casting call.  Crystal : um.. im sure for amistaad's after party.. the servers didnt wear shakles and call everyone "massah"   Nick:  Damn, that is both patriarchal and economically exploitative.  still, it's comforting to know that in "ancient Japan, circa 1870's", there were only "beautiful women" Some further thoughts on the issue. Yes, as my brother pointed out, Tom Cruise is a white guy who goes to Japan during the era of the Meiji Restoration to teach the Japanese how to be western. This is something that really did happen and it is cited as one of the reasons why Japan was able to become a regional power by the 20th century. However, the previews for the film show Cruise being captured and joining the samurai, in a time when the samurai warrior class is abolished. However, the question is if he somehow becomes the savior of Japanese tradition.  Furthermore, many of the issues I bring up are directed toward the casting call. Not necessary the movie, since I haven't seen it (yet?)  Today I baked myself two cookies for breakfast. They turned out quite nicely. Did laundry. Got books in the mail and a letter from Julia. Then I did some note taking from the Mezias and Boyle book, because it was over due. Then I went to campus and mailed some stuff, returned books, and did some photocopying. Chatted with some folks, and it looks like I'll probably hang out with them on Wed.  Now listening to  Social Distortion's   Prison Bound  (1988).  In other news, there was apparently another attack on US troops in Iraq, but what was different about this was it was reminiscent of Rwanda in 1993. That's pretty fucked up and it suggests how bad it is in Iraq right now for the people. It often requires conditions that are absolutely abhorrent before people lose it. Look at the American Draft Riots during the Civil War, the Watts Riot of 1965, and the LA Riots of 1991. There were desperatly poor people with nothing to lose, and they got fed up. I can only imagine things getting worse, before they get better.  Something that crossed my mind recently is if all one knew of me is what they read on this blog, what would their impression be of me? This thought is somewhat inspired by my reading / writing for 616. It could be said that just using my blog as the only source of figuring me out wouldn't produce a very "thick" description as Geertz calls it.  ***