[15142]  My buddy Esther sent me this: Casting beautiful Asian women for Warner Bros. 'The Last Samurai' Premiere After-party to be held in Westwood on Dec 1st.. Women will be dressed as village women from the film's wardrobe department and mingle 'in character' through the party, helping to create the ambience of ancient Japan, circa 1870's. There is no pay. This is kind of messed up, primarily the 'in character' part. First of all, I'm not opposed to the idea of setting a theme. Fine, find Asians, since this is a film set in Japan. However, first why no men? Men can be servants too. Oh wait! It's because Asian women are exotic and submissive! This is such a gendered orientalist event based on exoticized images of the Far East as a seemingly femine weak culture / society. This reeks of stuff that I mentioned that I would love to do a class on a few days ago. Come on! Tom Cruise as a samurai? This movie reeks of the orientalist brashness of Pinkerton in Madama Butterfly.  Oh yea... 1870s is not ancient Japan. The Meiji era already started by this time.  Esther is plotting to go undercover to this event wearing a wire.  Speaking of Madama Butterfly, Steff said she saw it with her friends a few weeks ago. That's one opera I really wanna see live (despite how screwed up it is). I've seen Il Trovatore, Don Giovanni, and La Traviata live. I also want to see Carmen and all of Mozart's operas. Too bad opera is expensive.  On a different topic... more teas should be caffeinated. My orange and apple-cinnamon teas are not caffeinated, but my green, Chinese, and Earl Greys are. Decaf is a bastardization of coffee and tea!  I think I can get my 616 paper in to Prof. Roth at her office hours on Tuesday. A draft perhaps is what I mean. I only have 3 more pages to write to finish paper 1 for that class.  Why does my video capture of the  Conquest of the Planet of the Apes  and the Watts Riots cause my computer to crash when I put it into my PowerPoint presentation? The Century City clip doesn't crash! I think I may have to re-rip that clip from the DVD.  I want to make stuffed chicken breasts again. Maybe tomorrow though.  ****