[15123]  Yesterday was a nice day. I had a good breakfast, had a shortened class, ate pizza, took a long nap, and had fun hanging out with Melissa.   A day is instantly on a upward trajectory when you start it off with good food. Good food and nice hot cup of coffee simply aims the body and mind toward positivity.   Class yesterday was nice, because it was cut short. It was weird though. Out of the 5 students in the class, only 2 showed up. The best part of the class was when Benita talked about how book covers are chosen. It's a question that I have always wondered about.  Then I went home and made a pizza... mushroom and green bell pepper on a thin crust. That was nice, and then I slipped into a nice long nap. A food induced nap are always best naps. As my buddy Christine would say they're "glorious."  Then I woke up and Melissa IMed me to see if I wanted to catch some free jazz at the Anderson Center. Alas it was sold out, but we managed to still find stuff to do. It was fun, we made fun of ALL the movies in the video store and then finally rented  Italian Job . That was a good movie, by the way. I think it was superior to a movie like  Oceans Eleven  because all the members of the team had real personality. Some of Oceans Eleven's cast simply got lost in the shuffle. Melissa, if you're reading this... on IMDB.com, Matt Damon and Brad Pitt's characters have different last names, so no he can't be his son. Hah.  Oh yea, while I already had the idea in my head, talking to Melissa made the idea seem like an even better idea. Nancy Um had asked a few weeks ago why I didn't apply for any summer teaching in AAASP or something like that, and I replied that I didn't even think of that. (The question actually caught me off guard). Anyway I was thinking that doing something on orientalism and looking at Madama Butterfly and M. Butterfly would be kind of cool. Hell I could even include some Weezer into that discussion. Yes I'd be sort of ripping off Humanities Core from UCI, but I'd probably include other stuff like Said's  Covering Islam , maybe something on British imperialism in India, coffee from the near east, and orientalism in blaxploitation in movies like the  Last Dragon . Some of this kind of treads on Nick's territory though.  Anyway... I didn't get any writing done last night, since I didn't get home until pretty late. That means I should write like 4 pages or so today. I don't have any plans for today bessides to make burritos, which requires going to the market.  Oh yea... I now have the ability to play Gameboy and Gameboy Color games on my cell phone. The Nokia 3650 is simply an amazing phone. Unforunately, it has trouble handling large games like Bionic Commando, which is 2 MB. It runs Super Mario Brothers pretty decently. Nothing of course, is as great as Tetris.  I just finished a turkey sandwich, and I will be going to the grocery store in a bit.  ****