[15086]  Reading Doctor Frank and Norman Geras's blogs probably inspired me to be a bit more intellectualy this time around on my blog. So I'm going to write something brief about some of the stuff I've been reading. This might be a good thing, because undoubtedly these are things that I'll have to write about anyway. Might as well get a head start.  The first piece is an article in  Gender & Society  by Lori Kendall on nerds and MUDs. In short it's about gender and racial issues in MUD user identities. While the article is published somewhat recently (2000), the research was done in 1995. The type of MUD that she was studying was a dying thing by 1995. I realize that article length is an issue, but she presents the MUD as more like a bland bulletin board than a more conceptual virtual space. In that sense I think that she is somewhat minimalizing the context of the interaction, which according to her title is important.  The other thing I'm reading is a book on Monterey Park by John Horton. This book is kind of very close to me personally as someone who is Taiwanese-American. Despite the attempt to explain the fact that all Chinese aren't necessarily from China, I can't help but question Horton's use of the word Chinese in the identification of people and businesses. He ends up becoming reductionist in his language. This is particularly in regards to people from Taiwan, since self-identification as Taiwanese versus Chinese is a complex and often highly political issue. Monterey Park is Little Taipei after all. I have to wonder if it is out of mere convienence to just use the word 'Chinese,' or if the people are really self-identifying themselves as Chinese. Also, this could have to with the researchers' themselves. I personally have found it difficult to explain to some non-Asians about Taiwan, because some have no idea what / where it is. It is no surprise that many Taiwanese-Americans simply call themselves Chinese even if they have native (non-KMT) origins.   I have often talked about my atypicality in regards to Asian American community. I think something that is brought up in the first chapter of Horton's book somewhat reaffirms it. I believe it was in the early 1970s that my parents immigrated to the United States, and their first stop was on the east coast. However, their experience at that time was not that of the ethnic enclave / Chinatown that many other Asian immigrants had. Following the birth of my brother and I, we moved to Artesia, CA before moving to Irvine, CA in 1984-5. As far as I know, we have never lived in a place with a high Asian population (until lots of Asians moved to Irvine in the 1990s). We didn't move to Monterey Park, which no doubt affected my identity construction and also my own concepts of "community."   In terms of my own self-identification, I don't ever remember my parents talking to me about Taiwanese politics until I was a sophmore in college. This was in large part spawned by my dating of the extremely political Rose. However, I have always called myself Taiwanese when asked about my ethnicity. It has never been because of politics, but rather it has been based on the simplistic logic that Taiwan is the geographic location of my parents' origin. Now due to my ignorance being taken away from me following my dating of Rose... who I do owe a lot to... I no longer have the bliss of ignorance. The issue of self-identification as Taiwanese-American is much more complex for me, simply because of the politics surrounding calling oneself that. I personally feel I have no right to get involved with or commentating on politics concerning a place that I have spent a miniscule amount of time in. My dad actually told me a few years ago he was proud that I called myself Taiwanese and have learned about Taiwanese history. The problem is that those merely words and the meaning behind them are much more garbled than he knows.  Yes this is a long post. Did anyone read it all?  ***