This is something that has really been on my mind a lot more, as I start working on helping Sam put together an Asian and Asian-American studies graduate organization. Last Friday I went to a reception for AAASP and as I talked to faculty involved in that program, there was the constant assumption that I had academic interests in things like China / Taiwan / Asian-Americans. I couldnt help but feel extremely awkward, when those topics were brought up, because I dont really have interests in those areas.   I have always, in true punk fashion, prided myself on not being fake and not presenting false images of who I am. This strangely enough, this was never a problem or issue when I was in California, but it seems to be more of an issue here. Is it because Im dealing with academics?   It was just weird explaining my academic interests to someone and they asked, What about race? I had said that my interests are popular media and visual culture, and it was assumed that my focus would be on things such as depictions of Asian-Americans in popular media. Indeed this is something very important, and I believe my response was along the lines of, Race is only part of what I want to study. First of all I was an Asian in an Asian studies reception, so I can understand the assumptions, but the fact that these assumptions exist outside of this context as well it bothers me. People ask me the same thing all the time.  Why does this bother me? Its just so weird having people assume that based on my race, I have interests in certain issues. Its not just non-Asian professors that have that assumption. Its also Asian ones. I mentioned this to Steff this weekend, and her response was, Youre the most white person I know. You see where the problem lies? In terms of my identity, both in regards to my own self-perception and how many people view me, there are contradictions when that arise when people assume I want to study things like China / Taiwan / Asian-Americans  I feel awkward, because my identity in many respects is very complicated. I have always been an individual first and foremost. What has always been most important to me is having my own identity that is distinct from everyone else. This contrary to stereotypes of Asian family / kinship ties or even concepts of being apart of a community. Maybe thats why I have anarchist tendencies? I have never cared much for self-identification on ethnic / national lines. I say my ethnicity is Taiwanese, simply because that is the geographical location where my family is from. My politics on the Taiwan-China issue has always been along the lines of merely wanting the best situation for my family. I have never felt I have any right as an American born Taiwanese, to involve myself in those politics. While I never forget about my race and ethnicity, I dont usually identify myself in those terms, unless specifically asked about my ethnicity.  On a secondary level, I based my identity more on my sub-cultural affiliations if anything at all. Im a suburban southern Californian punk / sometimes-indie / rock guy. This identification is of course contrary to racial stereotypes. I dont like rap and hip-hop. I dont like Asian pop. I didnt drive a supped up Honda. I dont rave or club. I know in large part, this is why I feel extremely awkward when Im involved in Asian student organizations. I dress differently and dislike the music played. It is as the same time reciprocated by people in the organizations. Im often wearing punky clothes, which makes me stand out. When I go to Taiwanese organizations, people often dont think Im even Taiwanese.  Yet at the same time Im much more in tune with my cultural heritage than many of my Asian friends or even my own brother. I can understand Mandarin with pretty good comprehension, and I can speak it conversationally. I eat the food, I know a thing or two about the history of Taiwan and also my family, and other stuff.   These are just some of the reasons why I feel extremely awkward having to take up a leadership role, along with Sam, in creating such an organization. I have always prided myself on be real and this feels like a selling out. Should someone like me be involved in such an organization? Indeed I feel that such an organization would be beneficial to fellow students, and at the same time provide good networking for myself. It's just I don't feel that I'm being myself.  I have considered one thing though my feelings may perhaps suggest that an interesting project could emerge out of this.   First of all issues of self-identification based on race and subculture might be cool to look at. Also in terms of a survey of issues in the academy might be interesting. Are there sort of assumptions about people that affect decisions about what they study? Is it assumed that women and homosexuals have to focus on gender issues? Do minorities have to focus on racial issues? Then at the same time do white researchers find themselves dealing with the same issues when dealing with race?  **