Mmm... Indie 103.1 FM... I was getting sick of listening to Flogging Molly MP3s and then I switch to some radio, and wouldn't you know it... Flogging Molly was playing. Now It's the Clash at least.  Everytime I read Doctor Frank of the Mr. T Experience's blog, I get inspired to write something more thoughtful than the mere recounting of my daily life. Well... Frank and Norman Geras referred to David Aaronovitch's article in the Guardian about the quakes in Iran and California. I think it draws on the tensions of modernity & capitalist development. It is assumed that the trajectory of history is one of ever improving human conditions. This is in stark contrast to the backward conservatism of fundamentalist Iran. Indeed modern capitalism has aided in creating quake proof buildings that saves lives; however, at the same time the evils of capitalism sparked anti-globalization and correspondingly anti-western attitudes that keep corporations with "modern" building technologies out. These countries like Iran are to a certain extent right about the corruption and decadence of western capitalism, but their turning their back on the west cost them 300,000 lives. I guess a question that can be pulled from the article is whether or not a balance in capitalism can be found. Does capitalism necessarily have to exploitative? Can we have a system of global capital accumulation that isn't purely based on the bottom line?  The radio is playing X now.  Anyway... high capitalism or postmodernity has yet to really address that question. Indeed there is an increased focus on the concerns of individuals, human rights, etc. today, but the logic of capitalism still includes exploitation in this stage of capitalism. Corporations feign being green and don't really care about the environment or the people any more than they did before. The focus is still on the rights of core countries.  I don't know where I'm going with all this, but the world is more complex than a lot of people argue.   ***