I have a good chunk of my past / life documented on here. About 2 years worth.  I distinguish the difference between my past and life as being the events in my life (past) and the essence of the total living learning organism of Albert (life). The living organism of Albert going through past posts remembers a lot when going through his past.  There's a handful of 'invisible' people who read this blog, and I wonder what they think of me as represented only by this blog. You could be someone that I've known for years, or someone whom I'm only known for a small amount of time... however I wonder how reading this blog affects your understanding of me.  I know when I read blogs of other people, some are written in a 'voice' similar to how they really speak in real life. The stories they tell in their blogs are stories they have no problem telling someone in reality. However, some are more open online and some are less. I'm not sure where I lie in that spectrum. I say a lot of things here, that I don't normally tell people. However, a lot of that has to do with there hasn't been someone whom I've shared my thoughts freely with for a while. But on the other hand, there's a lot of stuff that I choose not to completely disclose on here. This is partially because literally anyone can access this page. I don't know who is really reading this and how it might affect them.  The reason why I'm thinking about this is because in 616 we read an ethnography article by Carolyn Ellis on the rammifcations of authorship and audience in regards to people you know.    I can be a pretty blunt and forward individual. If someone asks me something I try to give honest answers and opinions. If I have something to say to someone, then I say it.   That being said... I want people to know that if they have comments or questions about or for me... tell me. This is part of life... living and learning, and a major part of that is the interaction between self and others. Discourse is a good thing.  ***