[15551]  A long ass day. I was up at 7 AM, because I was driving my parents and myself to my cousin Irene's wedding in San Diego. It was nice. Afterwards, we went to a Chinese restaurant for lunch. Then we hung out at my aunt's place in Carlsbad. From there some of us cousins went to a bonfire in La Jolla before I finally went home.  It was cool seeing my cousins, who I haven't seen in years. I don't really have many memories of them, because I was so young when I last saw them. I collected their emails and sent out a mass email to all the cousins I have emails for. It's like a Friendser thing for the Fu family. Speaking of which... I should see if any are on friendster.  My brother and I were talking the whole "wedding thing" at the reception at the restaurant. We said that we wouldn't go out of our way to tell embarassing stories about one another at our respective weddings. However, aunt Vivian and Irene said that they have plenty of stories of me to tell when I get married! If the whole marriage thing isn't scary enough, I know my friends and family have a lot of dirt on me. Shit!  Something that is really weird for me is that out of the 2 cousin weddings I've attended, is that those cousins are pretty religious. It's weird for someone like me, who is extremely critical of organized religion. It was awkward for me to hear excerpts from John, for example, because out of all the gospels... that is the most ahistorical and anti-semitic of the gospels. Esther and I were talking about how sexist the gospels can be the other night, and this is a somewhat similar example of how messed up the people who put the Bible together are. Out of the countless documents floating around they chose one that was written well past 100 AD (thus not a primary document) and is anti-semitic. What bothers me more is that 1900 years later, people read that stuff and believe it is the word of God.  I am happy for my cousin though. I guess I owe my literacy to her and her sister. I was telling my brother at the wedding that we inherited our little golden books from them.  Back to Binghamton on Monday. I'll be catching MTX tomorrow with Cissa probably.   ***