[15503]  Post comments people!   I can't wait to go back to school. A one month break of living at home after having your own place for 1.5 years is such a bitch. My parents are getting on my nerves because of their bitching about me being a lazy ass and going out a lot. I'm all like what the fuck... as an undergrad I paid my own way through most of school and got good grades. I should revoke their bragging rights when I get my fucking phd if they keep this up.  I swear my parents are such squares. First off they have no concept of growth in character. My mom is too busy worrying about every little detail to have fun. She's always stressing, worrying, spazzing out, etc. She's so caught in her little world of worry that her sense of the bigger picture of life isn't that wide. She nitpicks about saving money by buying stuff on sale, even when we don't eat it and then it goes bad thus wasting more money in the long run than if you just bought it for 40 cents more when you do want it. She buys crappy cheap clothes and expects me or my brother to wear it? When no one wears it, it's more money wasted. She has no concept of being a well rounded person. Neither does my dad who's careless and lost in his own little world of guilty pleasures. He's extremely lazy, ignorant of the world, and careless. He just wants to have fun and have life as easy as possible. They're complete opposites and as a result argue a lot. As much as I care about my parents they're really the cause of their own suffering. Then when they're suffering they take it out on myself or my brother.  They need to learn how to live a balanced life. For all the Buddhist stuff that my mom tries to get into, she isn't very chill. She stresses herself so much and that's why she gets sick. That's not to saying worrying is bad, but not to the level she is. Then my dad is too careless. He just doesn't want to deal with anything and he lacks responsibility.   They simply don't get a lot of things. Not to sound full of myself and hyperbolize my life, but a lot of people have been wowed by my adventures, life experiences, and knowledge of the world. That shit doesn't come from a fucking book. It comes from going out in the world and experiencing as much as possible. I'm a fucking sociologist. I study society and that means I have to go out and experience it. Take my recent urban sociology papers. How the fuck am I supposed to write about LA if I've never been there? When I write about popular culture, how the fuck am I supposed to write about it if I haven't gone to concerts, hit the bars, and experience it first hand!? I'm 23 and I've seen more in my life in the past few years than my parents have in decades.  It's stupid. If they're bragging about me to their friends, then they should back the fuck off and let me be me. It's not like they've given me much guidance growing up. I fucking learned how to cook mostly on my own, from experimenting after school. I fucking did my own shit for school, if anything their meddling only hurt whatever I was doing on my own. I remember how in kindergarden, they had no clue what the hell was going on and I had to learn a lot of shit on my own. Lots of cultural stuff and social skills I fucking learned on my own. Stuff like Halloween, Thanksgiving, Christmas, etc. I had no idea about so much stuff. If I was brought up with the cultural capital that other kids had I would have accelled so much more in school. I also wouldn't have been the social outcast I was.  Another thing that pisses me off is the whole playing violin thing. First they didn't let me play the instruments I wanted. I wanted to play a brass instrument. Second, they were all like saying that the free music lessons at school and self practice were enough to be a good violinist. I wanted private lessons, but they wouldn't take me in for private lessons until it was too late. I fell behind and I had no firm grounding in basic skills. By the time I had private lessons I was a lost cause.  Then for wrestling I worked my ass of to be a league champ without any parental support. It really depressed me when I saw how other wrestlers got support from their parents when I didn't. I didn't get rides to freestyle tournaments. I didn't get a chance to go to camps and clinics. It makes me angry at them when I think about the success I could have had if I had support from them. They never even went to any of my real matches.  There's so many things I could have been with some encouraging. I could have been a better violinist, I could have been a better artist, I could have placed in CIF.   I don't remember them saying very many encouraging things to me when I was growing up. They did say nice things, but all they mainly criticized me. They'd always compare to me cousins or their friends' kids. It was always focusing on the bad and never the good. It's no wonder I'm an asshole and generally angry at society.   I know a lot of this isn't their fault. They're immigrants and I was their first born American child. However, for them to criticize me for bullshit stuff and then take credit for my success by bragging about me is annoying to me.  I just feel frustrated in that when I'm in CA, I feel more free to do go out and do stuff. In Binghamton I feel restricted to a limited set of activities. Here I can pretty much do whatever the fuck I want. Binghamton is nice cause of the relaxation and focus on brainy stuff. However, I always feel restless towards the end of the semester. CA is the place where I let go and can be the insane self that is more tame in grad school.   Anyway tonight Julia, Steff, Cissa, Abby, Janet, Dan and that Turkish guy went out to eat. It was fun. My friends are so cool. I also took the girls neutral car racing on Ridgeline. They loved it.  ***