[15492]   Flogging Molly  almost makes me wish I kept at the violin instead of becoming a jock in high school. Too bad I had more success in wrestling than I ever did as a violinist.  We got into the venue around 8:45 and I think the band took the stage around 9:15. We missed all the openers such as Go Betty Go and the Agrolites. It was a great show. They didn't play my favorite song May the Living Be Dead (In Our Wake), but it was nonetheless a great set.   I also came to realization that I miss having good abs and being able to go for hours in the pit. So either I have to drink lower calorie beer, or maybe just stick to shots... or work out like I used to. That means running 1.5 miles every morning on my own. Regulating my diet. Working out for 3.5 hrs in a heated gym (wearing sweats) and running bleachers in the afternoon / early evening. Repeat.   I think I sort of got on Julia's nerves when I told her why I think Dave Matthews tickets are so expensive.  I sort of worded things in a somewhat sexist manner, but I stand by my theory on prices for tickets. I basically said that Dave Matthews caters to a female population, who as trained consumers, buy into it the image of Dave Matthews and are willing to pay for it.  While a lot of people will deny it and come up with exceptions, most music scenes are male dominated. We're talking musicians, roadies, record company people, etc. The fan base is as well. That's not to say that there aren't women in scenes, but for hard rock, punk, and some indie it's mostly guys at shows for non "big" bands. I read interviews with Agent M of  Tsunami Bomb  and Debbie Harry of  Blondie  who have talked about the whole boys club attitude of rock. Of course I think it's wrong. I'll be the first to say that those girls are awesome and praise their coolness. However, we're not talking about the general public.   When a marketing director of a big record company tries to sell a band, he or she want to expand the demographics of the fans. Targeting women is a big deal, because they are huge image consumers. Not that men aren't, but there are major differences in how women and men shop and what they buy. Sociologists of gender and families have pointed out differences in how men and women communicate and interpret communication on a micro level. Think about that on a macro mass communications level. Admittedly those differences in recent years have changed due to things like the stupid metrosexual craze. However, we're dealing with people who have had years of socialization in "traditional" gender roles.  Music is immaterial and communicative much like all the things girls buy because they're "cute." Girls were long concerned with design before men. If suddenly more women find a band's music cool or the lead singer "cute," demand goes up. This correspondingly affects supply. Thus it affects ticket prices, as bands gain marketability with the larger female population.   ***