[15462]  I just had the most awesome breakfast. Er... lunch? The hashbrowns I made were the most perfect hashbrowns I've ever made in terms of texture, color, and flavor. I may have made too much and resulted in me being super full right now, but oh man... they were so good! The mushroom, spinach, and onion omlette with mozarella cheese came out really well too. The edges were a bit wetter than I would have liked, but the middle part was just right. I don't like my eggs super well done or too wet.  Ok back by popular demand, Albert's analysis of gender roles in comics.  Today I will be discussing the role of the sidekick. I think we have to historically contextualize the creation of characters such as Robin and Jimmy Olson. They were created in an era before Michael Jackson, in which the young boys / men were not in such a suggestive situation. These characters were more or less super heroes in training, who were attempting to follow in the footsteps of their honorable, honest, and pure hero figures. This was an era in which idealized images of gender, right and wrong, and good and bad are clearly drawn. Take   this 1957 sex ed video  in which the coach is talking to his students about sexuality. Today we watch such a thing thinking it's kind of weird. However, the relationship depicted in the video is what the comics are aiming for.  At the same time the characters were stand ins for the young male reader in the fictional world. It is through the sidekick that they too could adventure with the superhero. I think that in today's society, the action hero is significantly different. First of all, the idea of sidekicks is no longer in fashion. The alienated loner figure is much more popular. Take the popularity of Wolverine in recent years. Yes he had several sidekick figures over the years, but those were always shortlived. Furthermore, things such as the Michael Jackson scandals and other sensationalized news stories have resulted in a general unease with the relationships between adults and children.  However, there is of course a gender bias. While in the more recent Batman movies, there was an effort to make sure Robin didn't look gay... the creators of Xena toyed with homosexuality in that television series. They inserted a great deal of innuendo into the stories in regards to the relationship Xena and Gabrielle had. This played on many contemporary themes and issues that were no present when Robin and Jimmy Olson were created decades earlier.  ***