[15425]  I was chatting with Steff about various randomness of moderate social importance.  I'll share some of it here:  1) Flamingly gay 80s cartoons paved the way for acceptance of homosexuality in the 21st century. Ok that's just sort of a silly hypothesis, but you all have to admit that Snow Job, Gung Ho, and Shipwreck from GI Joe were pretty gay. That combined with Smurfs Vanity and Hefty, Rainbow Brite, Care Bears, and He-Man and you have some pretty homosexual role models, yet positive role models.  2) Superman and Batman as polar opposites of male gender identity. Superman was the good farm boy from Kansas with good morals. He often fought against the corrupt businessman. This was all during the suffering of the Great Depression. He never nailed Lois Lane though. Batman on the other hand got a lot of ass as millionaire playboy Bruce Wayne. He was a capitalist and had a pretty fucked up life. He didn't have Jonathan and Martha Kent turning him into Beaver Cleaver. Yet he is also brains versus the brawn of Superman. They are two opposing male ideals. Superman is the good guy and Batman is the bad boy.  Steff said she liked Superman better than Batman, but I like Batman more. Batman and his villains are much more three dimensional than Superman. I talked about Poison Ivy in a previous post. I might as well talk about Arnold's character... Mr. Freeze this time around. The modern Mr. Freeze character is that of a man who is tormented by a loss of love and to a certain extent his sexuality. He was created by corporate inhumanity and insensitivity to his wife's condition. The loss of his wife and his corresponding accident takes away what makes him a man. The immasculation of Victor Fries results in an opposing figure to the virile Batman.  Interestingly both Batman and Robin have "gay" sidekicks. Robin and Jimmy Olson. It's a funny thing about sidekicks, their sexuality is always questioned because of the whole admiration and willingness to die for another person of the same sex. The same was said about Xena and Gabrielle. This subject is for another post.  ***