So I'm uploading my blogger files elsewhere then moving them to this webspace... what a bitch.  What the fuck is up with that?  Anyway... a pretty idle day. I have shit I should do, but I'm not doing it out of laziness.  So I was thinking last night... my friends are generally pretty cool, but most of them are even cooler drunk. Seriously... like some of my friends aren't the most sociable, but give them some hard liquor and they're chatting with everyone. Then some are just funny when drunk. I don't want to embarass anyone, so I won't name names... but I just want to say how cool y'all are when drunk.  Other thoughts... for the day. I was watching the History Channel and they had a thing on the history of non / less lethal weapons. The jackass in me wonders how it feels to be hit by a taser or the paintball filled with pepper spray chemicals. The academic in me is thinking about how they dated the first modern usages of such weapons to the 1960s. It's interesting how the 1960s mark wider cultural turns in lots of fields such as politics, economics, and apparently even military technology. I'm not like super-macro normally, but I do pretty much feel everything is connected somehow. Less- / non-lethal weapons are undoubtedly linked to various social movements and concerns in that era.  Ok and another personal thought before I do something else. I was watching the extremely horrible  Batman Forever . Now as much as I like Arnold and Jesse Ventura... that movie sucked ass. However, I'm bringing it up because of the character Poison Ivy. Her character is really nothing new in the scope of western literature. She is the evil temptress not unlike the one that tried to seduce Odysseus. Yes, I'm getting a bit Joseph Campbell on all y'all asses in this exposition... but the symbolic imagery to a certain extent does sort of reflect my own attitudes toward gender. The highly sexualized and materialistic woman is sort of the basis of my own misogynistic attitude. Let's be honest, south Orange County has plenty of images that are seen in  The O.C.  Anyway... I've often said that Irvine girls aren't my thing and I honestly do have a bias against them. There's a level of superficiality and materialism that is characterized by the Poison Ivy character that I see in a lot of women. Indeed Pamela Isley is a beautiful and brilliant villainess; however, her desires are that of a superficial materialism that women in our society (especially in places like Irvine) cling to. She uses men with her beauty, which is not unlike how women use men for status and free drinks. She cares about things like money and beauty. Yet at the same time Poison Ivy isn't necessarily the demon wench that other villainesses are. She is an exaggerated expression of a woman in our society and also represents the fear of men in our society of being used. It's like when a dude meets a hot chick, there's always the chance she might be a gold digger. Or she might brainwash you into being a slave? Yet at the same time history as established a dating system that puts men in a situtation where they are compelled to be put in these situations. I think the dynamic of the symbolism of the comic characters is accentuated with the image of  Batman . He is the rich guy with the cool car, that is the idealized male figure. In the various incarnations of the comic / cartoon / live action figure he is often seduced by Poison Ivy (and other female villains) which threaten to take away everything that makes him cool. This is a threat to his sexual power.  Anyway... all those tensions made me think about how like Batman, I for the most part choose a solo life. He dates, but never really settles down. Is it fear of a Poison Ivy? Or is fear of losing freedom? At the same time it's been 3 years since I was last involved with someone for an extended amount of time. Before that I was involved in a long ass relationship. So there is a duality that is difficult to navigate.  ***