Via Cissa... due to my bitching about being bored.   1. If you could pick out qualities and piece them together to create your soul mate, what qualities would she posess?    Intelligence, conversability, and humor... are qualities that I dig. I could never be with someone who I thought was dumb, couldn't handle conversations, and joke around. In terms of soul mate? I'd like to believe that there is such a thing, and if there is such a thing... she would be herself and not someone I create from my imagination. Expectations can be a great source of disappointment.    2. If you could be extremely wealthy for the rest of your life, and never have to worry about money ever again, but it meant you'd have to give up the life you were living now (i.e. change where you live, where you go to school, your family and friends), would you?    No. To a certain extent, I know what it's like to pick up and move far away from my friends and family to a totally unfamiliar environment. Indeed the money would keep me from being bored as I am here in Binghamton, but I owe so much to those close to me. (Correction... I haven't been that bored lately... tonight breaks with the recent trend)    3. If you could spend one day with one person from the past (someone dead), the present (someone alive now) and the future (someone who is not alive yet, i.e. future children, 90th president), who would you chose and why?    I'd chose one of my friends, because it's a sure thing that it'll be a good time. I'd probably want to hang with Brandon, Andy, George, Esther, or Melissa.     4. If you found out that you only had one month to live, how would you spend those 30 days? What would you do differently?    I would go to a lot of concerts, and museums... to understand my own humanity. I would spend time with the people I care about and tell them how important they are to me.    5. If you could put together a 3 day festival with 25-30 bands from any type of music genre (they all have to be alive now), what bands would you chose, who would headline, what would be the festival's name and where would it be held?   Day 1: 10 Foot Pole, Offspring, Descendents, Pulley, Rancid, Social Distortion, Alkaline Trio, AFI, Sex Pistols    Day 2: 1208, NOFX, Millencolin, Pennywise, Circle Jerks, Propagandhi, Anti-Flag, Randy, T(I)NC, Bad Religion  Day 3: MTX, Bigwig, Ataris, Me First and the Gimme Gimmes, Ozma, Dropkick Murphys, Flogging Molly, Weezer  ***