My God.  I took a peek at   Connie's  blog.  I really can't make much commentary on it actually.  And from the sounds of it (prepare for sarcasm) I'm really (sarcasm loaded) going to (sarcasm fired) enjoy her company when she comes home.  She got pretty intense, but that's my girl!  ...and she...barked at some girls...huh...how about that.  So now I will share with you my day from hell.  6:25 a.m. CST - My sorry ass woke up.  I felt terrible, and I was so tired.   The ordeal with fighting the snow Monday really took it's toll on me.  With all of my strength, I rolled over...and changed my alarm to wake me up at 6:45 a.m. in hopes that I would feel better twenty minutes later.  I was wrong.  7:00 a.m. CST - I got out of the shower, and my mom babbles something about Union Station...compressors...switches...not working...30 minute to one hour delay.  Whatever.  I slug around until it's time to leave, I had to iron a pair of pants to go get all covered in dirty Chicago snow.  Great.  7:35 a.m. CST - Dad drops me off at the station in Libertyville.  All trains are arriving on time to Libertyville station...good sign...right?  7:55 a.m. CST - I board my usual train, sit in my usual spot, off we go.  9:00 a.m. CST - I should be getting off the train by now and walking to class.  But I'm not.  I'm still on the train and looking out the window at a nice line of Metras.  As you can imagine...my excitment was uncontrollable.  9:30 a.m. CST - My English class starts at 9:30, I was just walking off the train.  Time to hike through slush and wet and nasty and 8 degree weather (-14 windchill).  9:45 a.m. CST - Walking into my English class, normally a class of 16 people...there were 6...including me and the teacher.  It was a cool class, I like small groups like that.  Eliminates the people who feel like they can hide and not talk.  12:20 p.m. CST - Left class, I knew I wouldn't make the train.  Called mom to tell her so.  The weather was better, the sun felt good.  12:35 p.m. CST - I get to Union Station, I know when I get to the concourse, the train will be rolling away, so I grab some CrapDonald's for lunch.  I wander on down to the trains and to my surprise, the 12:35 train is still there...huh.  I call my mom to tell her I will be on the train and it is running late.  So I go join some people looking very impatient to see that they are changing engines on the train.  Okay, whatever.  I can't understand something though.  Everyone was watching the engine back in and get hooked up like the either knew themselves how to hook up a train engine or it was going to fool us all and speed away.  Humans are a curious creature.  1:30 p.m. CST - I'm on the train and mom calls, she asks, "Are you on the train?"  I tell her yes, then my battery dies.  Great.  2:00 p.m. CST - We should be near Libertyville train station...but we're not.  We are sitting in Roundout which is like a train depot, a hub for commuter and freight trains.  At Roundout, all the tracks narrow down to one that heads north to Fox Lake.  Well apparently, another train had died between Libertyville and Roundout and because there is only one track and a dead train in our way, we must wait patiently (patience, right Kyle?).  3:00 p.m. CST - Train finally rolls into Libertyville station.  Super.  No sight of mom, cell phone is dead, good thing I had change for the pay phone.  3:15 p.m. CST - Mom and I roll out of the station.  She says she wanted to know if I was on the train because   THIS  happened shortly after I left.  I miss all the fun.  3:30 p.m. CST - My poor truck, she was so cold and tired.  I started her once I got home and by the time I left she was ready to roll.  3:45 p.m. CST - Got to work.  Tired, cold, annoyed, headache, hungry.  5:40 p.m. CST - I'm still at work.  All of the mentioned above can be reapplied here.  I'm going home soon to an empty house and I will eat everything.  UGH...