4 scrambled eggs and half a loaf of french bread later...the stomach still cries. My appetite came back with a W I C K E D vengeance, good thing ma just came home from shopping. Thanks mum.  Last night flashback - Jeff and I have non-religiously sworn off The Alumni Club. Non-religiously meaning I'm sure we'll be dragged back there again, but we'll do it under protest. I have two problems with TAC. One, I've been there three times and each time they have played the same semi-top 40 dance and retro 80's mixes. Added to that is the fact that the DJ last night was an ape. Second, I'm just not into who they attract for clientele anymore. As for Jeff, he has his own deep seeded reasons.  One video game that has puzzled me from my childhood was the epic cartoon/arcade/movie Dragon's Lair. It played out like a cartoon and at certain moments you made decisions for good ol' Dirk the Daring. Well to say the least, the game just pained me when I was (oh god, maybe 8?) and the over the years it faded from arcades as the Street Fighters came in and later the nerd-played/nerd-funded Tekkens. I was thinking, hmm, maybe it's on Playstation. I could rent it and conquer my long forgotten enemy. So I did a search on Amazon and the first thing it gave me was Dragon's Lair...for Game Boy. Why don't the just try to sell you Dragon's Lair on a chalkboard, it looks about the same as a Game Boy. Upon further discovery, I found Dragon's Lair, on DVD. I wasn't surprised that it was on DVD, it was a sharp looking cartoon, why not toss it into a full feature movie? Well, upon even further discover it turns out you play the gave via you DVD remote! Suddenly, I was overwhelmed by thought of GoBots, Thundercats and M.A.S.K. toy strewn about the house. Of course, I won't pay for that ($30 on Amazon!), and of course it won't be anywhere to rent. I have another quest...  Captain OJ,   Jeff Crain  passed me the good word on the band   Coldplay  about a month(?) ago. Their newest album, Parachutes, quickly found it's way into my Dave Sliozis Top Ten Albums of My Life (which will be published here soon, once I can find numbers 5-10). If you haven't heard them yet or don't own this album, you are a fool.  My thoughts about Denise Richards were confirmed last night. She IS as dumb as she looks.   Okay, it's lunch time and I'm still hungry. Time to track me a bison to eat.