so here's the story.  i had a take-home midterm exam due this evening in my environmental science class which i had already put off for a week.  today i also had a paper due in my acting class, also assigned last week.  last thursday, i had a paper due in art history, i did not finish it until  tonight.  and all of these do tie in together.  since i put off the midterm, i decided i would do it today.  so, i ditched my acting class (which i had the paper due but didn't have completed anyway) in order to stay home and finish the midterm.  after realizing all day that i may very well be the dumbest person i know, i finally finished the midterm and checked my train schedule so i could get downtown in time for class.  well, when i get to the train station after walking in the snow and freezing weather for fifteen minutes, i find that i read the time for trains FROM chicago instead of GOING to chicago.  that's right about the time i heard the unseen powers begin to laugh at me.  i was being taught one helluva lesson.  how is it that one person can consistently destroy himself on such a regular basis?  how is it that one person can be handed a wonderful and fragile opportunity and then not just drop it, but throw it to the ground.  why is it that after a million horrible years in school i am yet to learn my lesson?  why is it that i can be this retarded over and over and over and over and over...  i hate myself so much right now.  i hate what i've done, i hate where i'm going, i hate where i am now.  and as everyone how knows me will tell you, after i rage tonight, one of two things will happen.  one, by tomorrow i'll be back to the same illiterate monkey i was before this mess, or two i will just mope and bitch about my station and not do anything about it.  but why do i hate myself so much you ask?  for starters, i hate being last and i hate the reasons why i'm last.  now, i know my friends may not see their lives as the greatest, but honestly your lives are what i wish i could have.  i know bru thinks he's got it tough with iowa and the (sorry to mention this) separation from the girl he loves but the truth is i know they'll last through it and you're almost done with school bru.  that life step is almost over and you can move on.  start living, being a real person out there.  speaking of his love, there's uma, who is living and who is established and (seemingly) so happy with her life, she just glows from it.  and if there are problems with her life, than maybe i just don't see them.  jeff, i know he gets tired of his life too for other reasons but dude, you're done with school and doing something you want to do.  and if you can bear through the next year or so you'll be okay, you'll be free, i promise.  then there's connie, god, if i could have just a little of your drive, your ambition, your intelligence i would be grateful.  i love watching you work and focus and just tear through things.  you're just amazing, i hope you know that and i hope you never forget that.  then there's kyle and sarah, the ones who jumped and landed on their feet.  i want your life, you know that.  and there is a common theme here, one in everyone's life...except mine.  everyone has either worked hard or is working hard to get where they want to be in life.  am i?  no.  and why not?  i'm not really sure.  could be any of a few things.  i'm not sure where i want to go, i'm not sure if there will be a something for me when i get where i want to be.  like i said earlier, i just don't want to work to get where i want to be.  and i think i'm starting to understand this.  it has taken for ever, but it's starting to peck it's way into my brain.  i want to know everything.  languages, books, movies, art, physics, everything.  yet, i make NO effort to accomplish that.  why not?  i just don't know.  i'm not sure what's worse.  letting myself down, or letting everyone else down.  when i do stupid shit like this, i feel like everyone who cares for me is getting slapped in the face.  they trust me, they value me and then i just start kicking out the roof supports.  you may be saying, "dave isn't letting me down."  allow me to argue.  i'm letting my friends down because, and filling my ego, i liked being the "leader" and i can't be that guy if i'm a chimp now can i?  kyle said it best a while back, "i think that that's what frustrates you the most, is that you so badly want to be a leader, to be in charge...but you can't lead.  the irony cuts like a knife cause to lead requires neverending dedication, no "oh well, fuck it" attitude.  you know?  that's why i worry about you going into film."  i kept that conversation because it meant a lot to me to hear him say that.  i suck at my life and i do listen when people help me with it.  back on track, i want to keep my friends together, i feel like it's my job to keep us together and when i'm not smart enough to read a damn train schedule or follow through on projects, how can i be expected to lead anything?  i let my parents down because, like all parents, they have hopes for their children.  and when i screw up this badly, i know they hate it and they know i could be doing better and they know that if i just got my damn head out of my ass that i could start taking my life back.  all parents want if for their children to be happy and they know that if i keep dropping the ball like this that i'm going to end up in my dreaded corporate prison, never knowing what it was like to say, "i live in west los angeles."  finally, the person i let down the most is connie.  and if she reads this, she's probably already shaking her head.  but baby, think about this.  i want to be that point of stability in your life, i want you to know that you can always count on me to be there.  but really, how can you?  how can you trust someone to be there who can't start and finish a stupid term paper?  how can you put any FAITH in someone who wants to be a pillar for you but can hardly keep everything together?  i know baby, i know, have a little faith in me, but you've given me so much more and when i do things like this i feel like i walked all over what we are and what we've become.  i'm sorry to all.  i'm guessing i've written about one hundred rants.  each one circling around me and telling one sorrowful tale about my life and why it sucks and this or that.  eventually i'm sure the only one listening was me.  that's okay though because this is my problem, i have to deal with it.  i can't let you guys down anymore, i can't keep hoping that someone else will do it for me, i can't start something and not finish it.  i can't be that dave anymore.  everything is riding on what i'm doing now, clc could never promise me a future, columbia can and i can't take it for granted.  i still believe that someone else out there is more deserving of this life than i am but maybe i should make the best of it.  no more late assignments, no more doing things the night before, no more unfinished projects.  i guess part of life is doing things we don't want to do and after 22 years of avoiding that, i think i understand that idea now.  i won't drop the world this time.