Original Blog Date - 11/30/00   Since August I have had this song rattling around in my head.  I heard the song on CD94.7, the classic rock station in the Chicago area.  I don't know the name, I don't know the band that sings it, I don't even know any lyrics.  I do know the tune and how the piano in it goes.  That's all.  So I made the active decision to listen to CD94.7 religiously until I heard that song and my quest would be completed with a quick dip into the Napster libraries.  Well, last night something odd happened.  CD94.7 was playing some 80's tunes, and I thought, "okay, they play blocks of some late 60's stuff, why not some 80's?"  So today, I turn on 94.7 in my car and I'm horrified.  They're still playing 80's tunes.  I visit what WAS the CD94.7 homepage which is now the 94.7 THE ZONE homepage.  I was suddenly numb.  The one channel I knew for sure would eventually save me from this musical hell, was now gone.  We already have an 80's station!  Now we have NO classic rock, or not that I know of!  ARG!  The music gods have scorned me.   Current Blog Date - 01/31/01   Last night I heard that damn song again.  This time however, I was able to get what I thought was the name of the song and of the band.  I was in the car with Jeff on our way to see whatever movie (we saw "Anti-Trust," it wasn't too terrbile) and on 94.7 (still The Zone) I heard it.  The deejay said the song was "Not the Man You Think I Am" by Misunderstood.  YES!  I finally can get that song out of my head......right?  WRONG!  I did an extensive search of Napster, CDNOW, and whatever search browser I could think of and "Not the Man You Think I Am" by Misunderstood did not exist anywhere.  I tried different variations of the song title, I tried just switching the song title with the band name.  Nothing.  What's worse is that now I'm not even sure it was the right song that I heard and it is going to drive me nuts until I KNOW!  ARG!  The music gods have scorned me.  Please help me.  As a side note, the radio stations of northern Illinois have shuffled again.  KISS 92.7 is now a dance song station, ENERGY 92.7.  94.7 is still THE ZONE playing 80's hits but has merged with our other 80's station, 103.1.  103.1 now has something hispanic on it.  KISS 92.7 has moved to 103.5 which still isn't far enough of the dial for me.