Early morning BLOG, I have another class today so I won't get to write until almost 3:00 p.m., I figured I would get it out of my system and feed you a little.  I tried to start a continuing story about a guy named Wayne Garber (  first episode at www.digitalpapercut.com ) and since I write it when I feel like it, why not post it here?  Add something else besides life-complaints.  So read that first one if you haven't and here's a piece to carry it on.   WAYNE GARBER -   Detective Jon Phelps has been on the Chicago Police roster for twenty-eight years.  He has seen everything from an upper class party full of cocaine and bestiality to a homeless dwarf who would attack people's legs with a dull switchblade.  There was a serial killer back in '81 named Otis Wooderson.  Phelps had been the first guy in the door at Wooderson's home and was the first to see what remained of Wooderson's 13 grade school victims.  A skeletal chandelier and all 13 mall heads mounted on wall plaques around Wooderson's basement.  One of those 13 children had been the daughter of Jon's neighbor.  She was 8 years old.  When Phelps caught Wooderson unarmed and by surprise in that same basement, Phelps shot him with two rounds from his .45.  Phelps knew that badge-pride would keep details of Wooderson's informal execution in a state of misquotes and lost filing.  Phelps justified the killing to himself by thinking, " Even sick f***s can get parole, but not when they're dead ."  Clich as it was, it cleared his conscious.  After 28 years, Phelps had little faith in a justice system that cut loose the cancers of society.  He missed those days, Chicago has been quiet for almost six years and nothing press worthy has happened since Bundy.    Because Phelps had handled every type of case a cop would hope to while active on the force, Garber's case was little more than a lost person right now.  No body, no ransom note, no known enemies, and so forth.  Phelps figured the guy would show up soon enough, alive most likely.  Phelps thought to himself, "Dammit, I might as well just shut up and get to it."  Jon took a moment and looked at his coat and then at the large generic clock on the wall, 1:45 p.m., "I'll get to it after a quick nap."   END   Alrighty kids, you behave.  When I come back I'll have wonderful fun stories of sharing my cubicle at work with my new friend.  Ahhh crap.