Sunday sucked ass.  I didn't leave my house all weekend so buy Sunday I was pretty much ready to go climb in a cave and complete my voyage to non-existence.  For the record, I also discovered I am the dumbest person ever.  I should have received my award in the mail by now.  My mom came upstairs and looked at my school schedule and promptly declared, "School started the 12th!"  For some reason I had engraved the 19th in my head as the first day of classes.  Great.  What a way to start the school year...R E T A R D .  Anyway, I did make it out to school yesterday and it gets better.  I followed my schedule and find my way into the correct classroom at the correct time for my class "History of Cinema."  Columbia has some GREAT screening rooms for classrooms, can't complain about that.  Anyway, the lecture begins and I'm looking over the syllabus and I was like "This class ROCKS."  We watched "Spinal Tap" and every week we'd watch a full feature film, "American Beauty," "Fight Club," "Bob Roberts," "Election," and "M*A*S*H."  How cool is that?  Then my brain wakes up...wait a minute...this doesn't seem like a history class.  PROBABLY BECAUSE IT'S NOT!  The class I sat in for THREE HOURS was "Satire and the American Dream."  SHIT!  Turns out the history class was one floor up.  What sucks even more was I really liked that satire class.  This has been a GREAT start to the school year.  Woo hoo.  I hate college basketball.  I heard Limp Bizkit's new song.  The EXIT is over there gentleman, I suggest you use it.  Why does Andy Dick have a show?  Oh that's right, he sucks.  Thats the only qualification to make it on MTV these days.  At this point I think if I go to the United Center with skates in hand, the Blackhawks couldn't say no.  Plus I'd only be asking for three things.  1)  $50,000 a season 2) good health and dental plan (unlikely considering the chops of   BOB PROBERT ) 3) and a jersey with my name on it.  Actually...do you think it's possibly to just cancel MTV?  I'm going to go to the bank and tell them I need a loan for an   ASTON MARTIN .  I mean I'm a college student working part time, why would they say no?  I think the only bad things on my credit report would the be hundreds of dollars I owe Blockbuster for returning movies months late.  Call me a sucker for the oldies, but I admittedly like the new Aerosmith song "Jaded" and the video is pretty cool too.  It has that Mila Kunis kid from "That 70's Show" in it, minus all the retro garb.  Okay, I have classes Monday from 1:30 pm to 9:30 pm and Tuesday from 2:00 pm to 9:00 pm so my blog time is limited.  Because I commute to Chicago, I actually have to leave my house about an hour and a half before class and I return about and hour and a half after class.  Today I'll leave at about noon and get home at 10:30 pm.  I love it...