I'm up late I guess.  Thinking is doing me in tonight.  I take alot of things for granted I think, where I am, where I'm going and who I'm going where with.  There are times where I just want to yell and throw everything out the window because I hate what I've created with myself.  There are times when I want to yell, "it sucks for me too!"  There are too many times where I can't get my goddamn foot off the accelerator.  I need to create something great, I need the ocean in my toes, I need something to believe in, I need something to believe in me, I need to crush my weakness.  Just put on my shoes, shut the fuck up, and start running you idiot.  I just fly on these feet for miles trying to define me.  Define me.  2 a.m., just keep running...keep thinking...keep it all.  The rythm of my feet beats out a song, one of millions etched and filed away.  The skip, the scratch and away goes the needle on the record...   Far, Far Away From My Heart   by The Bodeans    Well the feelings coming on again Like a whisper thats knocking down a doorway And everything it says I just believe And I fear that I'm nothing and alone  So I pour another drink and take a hit And I wonder where the smoke goes And I'm feeling more and more like less and less And it comes from so far down deep inside But you can't get to it no matter what you try  And I'm far, far away from my heart Far, far away from my heart  It's just a voice thats bent on telling me I'm too good And there really is a shortcut And I've been through this so many nights before That you'd think it would be easier by now  So I let the chemical reaction cloud over The pain that keeps on hurting As I slowly, but too slowly drift away To a place where I know I don't have to think God I hate myself all over so more I drink  And I'm far, far away from my heart Far, far away from my heart  And now I'm staring blankly at the TV Holding this guitar for some comfort But it's so hard to write a simple song And try to turn this feeling into melody  So I put it down get on my knees Close my eyes real tight now I'm praying To anyone that maybe can hear me Tell me everything will be ok And I don't think I can make another day  And I'm far, far away from my heart Far, far away from my heart