 SARAH 's blog made me laugh out loud at work.  It's always embarrassing when your laughter cuts through the silence and then you're forced to explain yourself.  I couldn't easily say, "I wasn't working, I was reading Sarah's blog."  I used the old, "I was thinking of something that happened this weekend."  I think it worked.  Anyway, Sarah's mention of ghoulish apparitions in their apartment reminded me of a conversation I once heard...went a little something like this...   LIBRARIAN  I don't remember seeing any legs, but it definitely had arms because it reached for me.  STANTZ  (excited) Arms! Great! I can't wait to get a look at this thing.  VENKMAN  (to the girl) All right, miss. Have you or has any member of your family ever been diagnosed schizophrenic or mentally incompetent?  LIBRARIAN  Well, my uncle thought he was St. Jerome.  VENKMAN   (looks at Stantz) I'll call that a big "yes." (to the girl) Do you yourself habitually use drugs, stimulants or alcohol?  LIBRARIAN  No.  VENKMAN  I thought not. And one last thing. Are you currently menstruating?  HEAD LIBRARIAN  (shocked) What's that got to do with it?  VENKMAN  (snaps) Back off, man! I'm a scientist!  And thank you Sarah and Bruen and everyone else who made me feel good about my GPA.  Although I still have to be honest and ask how hard can it be to get an "A" in an Acting I class.  Regardless, Saturday my report card finally arrived, all chewed up and maimed.  According to the credits I've earned I'm no officially a sophomore.  Yeah!  Dave Sliozis, 4th year Sophomore.  No, that didn't sound as grand as I had hoped.  Finally I think I'm going to follow in   KYLE 's footsteps and shut down this site for a while.  I really HATE the way it looks right now.  I might just revert to a nasty-boring-premade-blog format for a while.  Regardless, I can't shut this down now because I'm at work.   Assholes .  That felt good, I'm going to say it again assholes .  But I might think about shutting her down temporarily this week for official remodeling.  I'll keep you informed of my decision.  And before I go...I'm working on my   ROBERT PATRICK  review...stay tuned, it'll be up in a while...