I think it's going to be a good day.  I actually started it with a smile.  Why was I smiling?  For starters I was listening to some WICKED cherry tunage on the way in to the cubicle farm today.  D M X baby.  I could only laugh my ass off because I know the words to the songs, and the knowledge of my blatant whiteness rapping along to lyrics like:  "Listen, your ass is about to be missin', you know who's gonna find you? Some old man fishin'!"  ...is just ridiculous.  Whiteness is a tortured comedy.    CONNIE  is coming home for the weekend (YES!) and I'm going to round up   JEFF  (again...no idea why I even link Jeff anymore) and   BRUEN'S  ladyfriend for an evening of diner and a movie (originally we thought "Hannibal" but popular vote seems to be moving to "The Mexican," we'll see).  EL CAMINO!  Anyway, Joanna,   KYLE'S  sister returned from Los Angeles (with Dan...) and Kyle sent a present along with her.  A t-shirt from "Barney's Beanery."  That's where Janis Joplin hung out the night she died.  That's so Hyde (meaning "awesome" and based on the character from "That 70's Show," clever eh?).  The generous textile t-shirt also serves as a blunt reminder that imbedded in the cotton is the smell and taste of where I'm going.  Mmm...warm.  I noticed Bru is back in the swing of script writing.  I envy that bastard, there are good ideas in his head, tons.  Me...I got a rock.  Blogs that have been quiet as of late...  CONNIE  and   SARAH .  Both with good reason, Con has been an academic machine and from what Kyle said, Sarah is working some ill hours yo.  Then there's   JEFF .  Dead blog.  I'm calling DBFS (Department of Blog and Family Services) on Jeff.  Jeff just barely survived Mardi Gras.  He has contracted the "Ragin' Cajun Cold."  I think it's only a strain that animals can get.  He got pictures back, Jeff said, "Damn, there were alot of girls I thought were cute when I was drunk."  Sobriety brings an evil awakening.  I think Jeff taking the Mardi Gras pics to get developed and asking the girl behind the counter if they developed "Mardi Gras pictures" is an updated, "I'm 18, give me porn!"   Price of plane ticket to New Orleans:   $300  Price of hotel per night:   $150  Price of 4 days of drinking:   $600   Price of hearing Jeff tell Mardi Gras stories ... priceless . "So there I was, sippin' Komakazis..."  Okay, enough for now.  I have work to do.  Not really, I just want to work on Kyle's pixel playground...  Peace out...