LEAVING ON A JET PLANE...MAYBE  I swear, every time I leave Los Angeles something goes wrong.  Last time I messed up my flight times and missed my flight.  This time my flight was cancelled.  I ended up getting an earlier flight (good), but the flight is stopping over in friggin' Denver (bad).  Anyway, here I am, 30-some-thousand feet above the Earth (I'm doing this from my   PALM PILOT , am I a nerd yet   KYLE ?) and NOT coming directly home...damnit.  I'm just hoping the layover isn't long (but at least now I can say I've been to Denver).  Whatever.  Yesterday was cloudy again.  It's still better than when Kyle's sister visited and it rained all week.  So much for the tan.  Actually, there was sun.  It would just come out ten minutes before sunset.  Kyle and Sarah took off for work so it was just me and the wonder-hound (who just sleeps all morning).  I sadly watched   MTV  all morning waiting to record the Walken video for Kyle.  There is a new band called "Mudvayne" and they have to be a new low in the music industry.  It's like they think the "yell poorly enunciated words" music is still "in."  Wake up call gentlemen, you've already been filed under "old news."  Kyle came to entertain me at noon.  We cruised out to Venice Beach to find a new shirt for my dad to replace his old Venice Beach shirt (dork).  The shirts are all on the white-trash side of the fashion scale (3 for $9.99, I'm sure they're quality).  Anyway, Venice could be a nice place if it could shake the feeling that everyone the is trying to steal your wallet.  That and the fact that in every shop there is a woman of Asian decent either staring you down or following you within six inches.  Nothing like the feeling of being attacked to make the customer want to buy something.  ( Landing in Denver, back in a few )  One hour later...  Back on the plane.  Denver was SO fun!  Next time maybe I'll stay longer than an hour (can you sense my sarcasm?)!  That just made this day feel longer.  Bah.  Where was I?  Ah, right, Venice.  Interesting crowd inhabits that place.  One guy wanted YOU to pay HIM so HE could tell YOU about YOUR sex life.  Kyle wanted to give money just for having that idea.    After that, Kyle went back to work (where he never did see Livingston or Swanson) and I spent more time with Krycek the domestic wolf (if you put ANYTHING in front of him long enough, he will try to eat it: most notably a "Matilda" DVD and TV remote).  Kyle finished out the work day and we headed out to the movies.  Oh, I almost forgot.  We were "on call" in case we could get back on the X-Files set while they were shooting.  Unfortunately due to the nature of the episode, security was unbreakable.  No, the security was  INTENSE .  I know hard work went into getting us in, but hey...I'll be back.  Anyway, Kyle and I opted to see "Spykids" which was actually really good.  Kyle said it was probably one of the best kids movies in a long time.  On top of all that, it had   ROBERT PATRICK  in it, so I guess on some level we did see RP after all.  Kyle and I went back home and tried to enjoy the television programming.  We failed.  "Escape From New York" made it's way into the DVD player.  For Kyle's birthday he bought himself three new DVDs.  "Escape From New York," "TRON," and "The Wrath of Khan."  Nice Kyle.  ( Landing in Chicago, welcome home, back in a few )  Okay, so that took me awhile to start writing this again, I wanted to start some laundry and drop off my 8 rolls of Los Angeles film.  So anyway, Sarah made it home at a livable hour so I was able to see a little of her before I left.  That was good.  Then we yucked it up watching "The Animal" trailer staring Rob Schneider.  Then I went to bed.  Kyle had to wake up at like 6:30 am so we could get ready to rock.  I think the shock of being up that early almost killed him.  Kyle dropped me off at the airport and that's when my ordeal with flight cancellations and reschedules and the random Denver airport.  I love my life.  Okay kids, believe it or not, I am going to bed soon.  I have to re-adjust my clock and get back on some form of time.