THE WAY THE CAMERA FOLLOWS US IN SLOW-MO  Well, I thought I was going to able to blog earlier this morning but my complete inability to use a   MAC  of any form cause me to delete my blog.  Der.  So know Im starting over.  Yesterday was great!  The sun finally poked its damn head out of the clouds and lit up Los Angeles.  Ahh...felt SO good.  Anyway, shall we begin the day?    KYLE  headed out to work at the usual time and then came to pick me up for "breakfast" (at 11:30 am).  Our "breakfast" consisted of burgers from Carl Jr.'s which is Californian for "Hardees."  Then we ROCKETED in the big gold wagon to the home of the former News Digital.  Now in the center of the empty shell of News Digital, they're building a set for some silly show that's probably going to tank anyway.  In the center of this set is a treehouse type place with a fire pole and slide (I'll have pictures).  Kyle and I really have NO idea what this show is about.  Anyway, I think I already mentioned that Kristy Swanson is in it, but today Kyle confirmed that   RON LIVINGSTON  of   OFFICE SPACE  and   SWINGERS  fame is also there.  Isn't THAT cool?  I mean about Ron...not about Kristy...obviously.  Kyle is at work now.  Apparently the filming of this has barricaded him in the office.  Damnit Kristy.  Where was I?  Oh right, Kyle's office yesterday.  We chilled for awhile, Kyle cleaned up some work he had to do and made some calls. Eventually Kyle finished what he had to do and we headed out (still waiting for a phone call).  Kyle and I headed up to Griffith's Observatory.  Everyone I'm sure has seen the Observatory whether they know it or not.  It was first made famous by "Rebel Without a Cause" starring James Dean.  It was later made famous by Paula Abdul and Keanu Reeves for Abdul's "Rush, Rush" video (which pretty much copied the idea of "Rebel...")  The Observatory has a GREAT view of the smog covered city (hehe) and the Hollywood sign.  On top of that, it's just a cool looking old building (built in 1933).  There was something being filmed there, something called "Flash Strike" which Kyle deducted to be a made-for-television movie and we quickly dismissed it as newsworthy.  The actors looked like a whole set of tools.  We spent about 30 minutes there and headed back to New Digital.  On the way back we stopped for "lunch" (it was almost 1:30 pm) at the   IN-N-OUT BURGER  to live some "  BIG LEBOWSKI " action.  In-N-Out Burger is hilarious.  On their   MENU , they have burger, cheeseburger, a Double-Double, fries and drinks.  It's good food too.  OH!  And the FUNNIEST thing happened on the way back for the burger joint.  This stupid old man was way out in the intersection when the light turned red and Kyle was stuck near the line because there were cars behind him.  The old man put on his reverse lights and began backing up...but he DIDN'T STOP!  The moron hit us, we don't even think he knew he hit us.  It wasn't terrible and no damage was done but it was just ridiculous.   Walter Sobchak:  He lives in North Hollywood on Radford, near the In-and-Out Burger--  The Dude:  The In-and-Out Burger is on Camrose.   Walter Sobchak:  Near the In-and-Out Burger--   Donny:  Those are good burgers, Walter.   Walter Sobchak:  Shut the fuck up, Donny.  So Kyle and I ventured BACK again to News Digital desolation.  When we got there, Kyle got THE call, real "red phone" material baby.  It seems that my encounter with Mr.   ROBERT PATRICK  would not be yesterday for he at home, with the day off.  And everyone knows that there is NO way you can get a NORMAL man to work on his day off, so getting RP in (a SUPER-human) would be impossible.  No big deal really, I appreciate that there was even an effort made by people who don't know me to get this together.  Regardless, the person was able to arrange an   X-FILES  set visit.  Kyle and I waited outside on the FOX Studio lot for awhile within clear sight of the 10-13 Productions building (producers of X-Files, Gunmen) and we were "Chris Carter watching."  When we got to the set, we were able to score a ton of good pictures (nothing of future episodes revealed).  It was great, got to sit in Mulder's desk, Doggett's desk and Scully's toilet...yes, Scully's toilet.  If all goes well, I'll have all the pics up this weekend.  We also scored some pretty nice   THE LONE GUNMEN  sweatshirts (quit laughing).  Our "representative" is trying today to see if we can get onto the set for the shooting.  I guess it's the last day of shooting for the last episode of the season (possibly last show ever) so security is beefed up.  I appreciate the effort, but if nothing goes down it's really no problem.  More than expected has already been done for us.  So Kyle and I headed home after a great day and ordered buffalo wings from "Big Red Wings."  They were close to "Franks for the Memories" in Mundelein, Illinois but they were a little smaller.  Still good though.  Of course we watched "Big Lebowski" and decided to go back to Barney's for awhile.  Karaoke night at Barney's and surprisingly the people who sang we pretty good, nothing excruciating.  It was cool.  We chilled there until about midnight, then rolled home and crashed.  And tomorrow I leave so I won't blog until later that after noon.  My flight leaves at 9:15 am, Pacific time (7:15 am CST) and I should be home by 5 pm CST if all goes well.  You can track my flight   HERE  again, United Airlines flight 110.  It's been great here but I also can't wait to get home again.  I'll talk to everyone soon.  Later kids...