OOPS...I DID IT AGAIN  Yeah...as you can tell last night got a little...sloppy.  Anyway, time for the day summary.  Yesterday was slow.    KYLE  and   SARAH  attended a church function for Sarah's new place of worship.  Kyle said there were some pretty cool people there, he met an animation supervisor from Disney.  Pretty cool I guess, Kyle was excited because it's like meeting his idols...the people who drew "The Little Mermaid."  Anyway, I sat around with Krycek the dog until about two when the came back.  Then Sarah ran off to work and Kyle and I headed out to Universal Citywalk.  Universal Citywalk is like, hmm.  How do I explain this?  Do you remeber the store Arcadia?  It was full of weird things and neon.  That's Universal Citywalk.  It's really a cool place with great stores and resturaunts.  We went to Karl Strauss Brewery which was REALLY good.  Kyle and Sarah know a guy named Wyatt who works there, cool guy.  He had a two minute speaking roll on ER.  He's from the midwest too so he's not two dimensional as some people are out here.  Actually, at the brewery is where the "slide" began.  Kyle and I ordered beer (obviously, it's a brewery) and they give you three sizes to choose from.  16 oz., 22 oz., and 1 liter.  Being that we're RETARDS we both got the liters.  That was a motherload of beer.  We WERE planning to hit Barney's again last night, but uhh...that didn't happen.  On the way home we decided to pick up some addition beverages.  Smirnoff has a new beverage called "Smirnoff Ice" and it is SO good.  You can't taste any alcohol at ALL.  Tastes like Sprite or something.  Smooth and cool and you just want to chug it.  I downed four and then died.  Apparently I was out COLD by 10:30 Los Angeles time.  TKO'ed baby.  Yeah, so I'm recovering from that retardation today.  Right now I'm the headquarters of the former   NEWS DIGITAL , workplace of Kyle.  It's a cool building.  They've moved the remaining 5 people (out of 60) to the back of the office.  The office is pretty sleek, very minimal, very modern.  In the front were the masses used to sit a group of union men are building a set for a new show rumored to have either Kristy Swanson (Buffy the Vampire Slayer) or Jennie Garth (90210).  Cool...I guess...if you're into careerless actresses.  First Kiefer Sutherland then these two ladies.  If someone told me I had to come film here I'd take it as a sign that things weren't so good for me.  Anyway, not sure what plans are tonight.  I think I'll be monitoring my booze intake for sure.  Later Sk8rs.