RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW  Wow.  I feel SO much better than I did yesterday after a good night's sleep.  Yesterday seriously felt like a week to me.  My body eventually just shut down on me.  Anyway, let's take it from the top.  I finished packing late Friday night and I saw that Walken video again.  Goddamn that's funny shit.  I went to bed about 11 pm, I was hoping earlier because I knew I had to wake up at about 4 o'clock Saturday morning.  I slept REALLY bad Friday night, I kept waking up and I'm not sure why.  I think I was just excited about leaving.    CONNIE  came to take me to O'Hare at 5 am, and for those of you who are familiar with my baby you'll know that she rarely sees 5 am on a clock.  We got the airport and did those silly boyfriend-girlfriend things that you're supposed to do in an airport.  Anyway, even though I know I'm coming back to Illinois it was a really hard goodbye for me and I admittedly almost lost my cool.  But I won't get into mushy-drama and clichd lines because I don't do that here.  The four hour flight was killer.  I am totally unable to sit that still in a cramped little area for four hours.  And I  HATE  airline seats.  What the hell people?  Could it be any less comfortable to sit upright?  The seats are like tilted forward just enough to make you stretch your lower back for the entire flight.  On top of that I am just unable to recline my seats on airplanes.  I hate doing that because I feel like an asshole.  I hate when the jerk in front of me forces my tray table into my abdomen so I'm not going to do it to anyone else.  Essentially, I'm bearing my pain for someone else's comfort.  I deserve some sort of "good passenger" award, not the CRUNCHY pancakes they gave me for breakfast.  The cool thing about the plane was that everyone had LCD screens on the back of the chair in front of them and you could press a map button and it would tell you everything about the flight.  Altitude, speed and map the surrounding area.  I was pleased with this feature.  The Rocky Mountains were gorgeous, snow so white it hurt my eyes to look at in the sun.  And the Grand Canyon still looks like a big hole in the ground, but awesome regardless.    KYLE  and   SARAH  picked me up from the airport (their dog Krycek in tow) and we went back to their place.  When I got there I promptly removed and sense of Illinois fashion (long sleeves, long pants) and Californiated myself.  So nice here.  I was hoping to maybe get SOME color but it's been cloudy for the last two days.  Yippie.  We cruised around looking for lunch.  We were going to eat at the diner from the beginning of "Swingers" but parking was a bitch and Sarah had to work so we opted for Arby's for some warm pseudo-beef.  Then Sarah found out she had some extra time after all so we went cruising around this strip of stores.  It reminded me of the way that the University of Madison is set up, the way the stores are laid out.  Kyle was in search of "The Simpsons" action figures but they're HOT items so only sucky ones were to be found.  I snagged an Ash action figure from "Army of Darkness" and Kyle will deny wanting it but I bought it in retaliation of him opening my Sam Jackson action figure.  Eventually we found our way back to the apartment again.  Did I mention I'm taking pictures?  I'm taking a CRAPLOAD of this place because there are many of my   FRIENDS  who haven't seen this place yet.  I'm taking pictures of EVERYTHING,  I think there's actually a roll of just Krycek the dog.  Anyway, back the story.  So Sarah left for work and Kyle and I watched some "television."  That's all I can say about it.  Then on random inspiration we decided (from an earlier conversation at the outdoor mall) that TRON was a must in Kyle's DVD collection.  Now figure this one out.  We ended up driving EVERYWHERE in the Los Angeles area to find a copy of TRON,  Why?  It's like the movie just didn't exist out here.  Every major DVD merchant in the area had nothing!  It was absurd!  Eventually we tracked one down out in West Hollywood on the Sunset Strip baby.  Where else would TRON be?  Duh.  After that LONG expedition, Sarah called and we were getting plans together for the evening.  We ended up at Barney's Beanery which I've mentioned a thousand times in this blog, but I really think it's my favorite place to go in the way of diners (no offense Max and Erma's employees of Vernon Hills).  The place just feels like home, there's a little bit of Janis still floating in the air there I think.  Anyway, we chilled there and we'll probably go back tonight because it's karaoke night and that's always a mess.  Next door to Barney's is the home base of the   HOLLYWOOD STOCK EXCHANGE .    BRUEN , Connie and I are players.  It's really cool because they have a HUGE green stock ticker that runs across the top of their building and at night it looked pretty sweet.  I'll grab a pic, I'm sure.  Post-Barney's we came back to the apartment where I just crashed.  Body off...brain off...toast.  By the time I made it to bed to was about three in the morning CST, so I was technically almost up for 24 hours.  What was bad was that I lost two hours coming here and then this morning was Daylight Savings Time so now I don't know where I am.  Oh well, time and I weren't getting along much anyway.  I think that's all for now (I hear lawnmowers outside, I haven't heard lawnmowers forever).  More later for sure, we still have to hit the Universal City Walk, Barney's again, the "Swingers" diner and the FOX Studios lot to meet with some "people."  Hopefully the sun will stick its head out today and I can absorb some UV rays.  CRAP!  Do you know whose birthday it was yesterday?  Kyle's!  And this morning I just found out who he shares his birthday with.    CHRISTOPHER WALKEN !  I bet Kyle has no idea about that one!  Okay, time to jet.  Things to do, contracts to sign, commercials to shoot, champagne to be drank...  Later peeps.  Oh, one more thing.  I'm typing this on an   iMAC  so there are most likely spelling errors and god knows what else this machine can do to something of quality.  Later...