So last night, Jeff and I tore off into the night in my dad's midlife crisis Sebring convertible.  It's such a cherry toy.  The fact that the top comes down just makes the cassette player seem almost bearable (I have one of those portable-CD player converter things, don't worry).  We headed up to   CONNIE'S  house so I could drop some stuff off for her mom.  On the way back, Jeff and I intended to hit the Tasty-Freeze in Grayslake.  We hadn't been there in years.  Then we started reliving the moments we had over a few summers.  We talked about the torture we put on my old green Chevy Blazer (that truck didn't even have a tape deck, just the radio!), and Jeff's good old red Rodeo (with the infamous speaker setup).  We were simply amazed by the fact that for the most part, those cars came out unscathed.  Driving over HUGE curbs, flying over the railroad tracks on Atkinson, driving through soccer fields, swimming through the water hole behind some Chinese restaurant in Vernon Hills.  The nights Jeff and I would take off and driving into the city via the Sheridan Road route and then walk around downtown.  Those were the days, back when there wasn't enough room in the trucks so someone had to sit all the way in back.  Those were the days.  Jeff and I actually headed off Dairy Dream in Libertyville, but they closed at the RIDICULOUS hour of 8 pm.  That meant we had to sell out and motor to the Dairy QUEEN, a horrid Libertyville teenage hangout.  So we pull in, lookin' all boss in the Sebring.  We strut up to the counter where there's the expected 80-degree-evening line.  We end up in a line behind the dreaded high school dumbasses.  Apparently they know the NASTY little girl working behind the counter.  The conversation was filled with quotes like, "I saw a Lamborghini here."  That's great dumbass, order and leave.  She finally took care of the honors society and it was our turn.  Jeff orders a SNICKERS Blizzard and he was later certain it was a "sand and gravel" Blizzard.  It was probably Heath.  I ordered the my usual (but deadly) Nerds Blizzard, the little skank goes, "Do you like Nerds?"  No ape-girl, I LOVE order food I don't like.  Being that dad let me use his toy, I had to pay him in the only currency my father understands.  Pie.  Jeff and I rolled on to the local Bakers Square where we sat in the parking lot eating our ice cream.  We laughed at the ridiculousness of the situation in the moments between Jeff spitting rocks from his ice cream.  Jeff said, "This Blizzard wouldn't have been so bad if the girl wasn't ugly and slow."  Amen Jeff.  It was just a good night, relaxed and slow, not a god damn care in the world.  That is what it's all about and that is what we live for.