THE "IT" BLOG LIST:   I've decided that there are a few blogs that I check up on almost hourly and that I think I should share these secrets with all of my 6 reoccurring readers because these blogs to me, embody not only what a blog should be, but what I want my blog to be.  Enjoy...    ALI G.  - Written by...go figure...Alison G.  Now poor Alison really doesn't have the HTML giddyup some other people do (sorry Alison, but you know it's true) but her content ranges from talking trash about the country music industry, to crippled animated children, to the disgusting short comings of religious school education.  "Lee Ann is cooking dinner tonight for her daughter's birthday which is today and partially for mine which was yesterday. I love it when famous pop stars cook dinner for me...makes life worth living..."    PARTICLE FUSION  - Written by Jason Bruen.  Bru is one of my best friends, so of course I'm going to read.  Plus, if you read close enough, you can totally see where he's been collecting spent plutonium rods and trying to construct a bomb to remove the Iowa wasteland.  Bruen has been a friend of mine for a long time and to see him thrown out of this world and stranded out in Iowa does suck.  I think this best sums it up..."I will spend the day today, looking for God. I know He doesn't exist and that the effort is futile, but I cannot give up hope. And when I find Him, I will smack Him upside the head..."    HOUSE OF KYLE  - Written by Kyle Ford.  Crappy layout, crappy content, but by law I'm forced to read it cause he's my friend.  What kind of talentless ape draws pixels anyway?  "So I had a dream the other night that I was giving birth. I could even feel the contractions. I have no idea what this means."    DEAD MAN  - Written by Scott...that's all I know, just Scott.  I think Scott maybe (and I could be wrong) the king of all cynics.  The way he perceives life through his blog does one of those slap-you-and-make-you-say "Yeah...people are dumb."  I don't want to use the words, "dark" and "edgy" by Scott is occasionally "dark" and "edgy."  "Wendy's (the fast food chain) has a language all to themselves. See, I heard people talking to each other in the drive through window and I thought it was Spanish... but I was wrong.  Apparently,  vamanos!  in Wendy's drive-through-speak means, 'Give him a half order of fries, and forget the straw.'"    GOATEE STYLE  - Written by Ryan Wickstrand.  This is just a good blog.  Good look, good feel, good content.  Plus he has a webcam that is usually on (...you hear that Kyle?).  With everything from goats to children to an entire archive of snagged webcam pics, you can't lose here.  It seems to me Ryan is also a fan of the "motion pictures."  He'll also surprise you every now and then by taking his digital camera out with him, makes for good pictures.  On top of all that he endorse beautiful vandalism by selling stickers that advertise his site!  Stickers I tell you!  Don't be frightened..."I just performed a toe nail cutting show on my cam. Close up video of me clipping my toe nails, beamed out live to the masses on the information super highway. Isn't technology great?"    ANALOG CEREAL  - Written by Peter Zielinski.  What the hell do you say about PJZ that hasn't been said?  His blog has come along way in the last year, and I'll admit, when it first came out, I never read it.  But the look changed and the content and now it's made the list.  There's an angle to Pete's writing that I think reveals alot about himself and the way he thinks and there aren't many writers who can do that.  The incident involving Pete and his roommate...classic..."The fly swatter went back on his door knob and I left him a little note(s). Nothing like a good sexual preference bashing in the morning. The fun part is, he still hasnt woken up yet."    URBAN FOREST  - Written by Ariel Meadows.  Ariel, by trade, is a writer and there's such a strength and sense of who she is in her daily blogs.  There's an optimism in the lines and this feeling like everything is going to okay.  Recently she shipped out to NYC to attend writing classes and I can't help but want to know more, it's like you get to see her grow through the blog.  My favorite line of anything she's written is this, "Last night I also saw lightening bugs for the first time in my life. I laughed out loud. And laughed and laughed."  Of course there are other blogs like   CONNIES  but shes home from school and doesnt blog.  And theres   JEFF CRAINS  whose I forget to check everyday.  I do apologize if you didnt make the list and I know my opinion isnt everything.  But the blogs above (for the most part) are just ones that I felt were worthy of sharing.