ANGST WAS BORN   To me, one of the hardest things for people to do is to see how they truly are.  An asshole doesn't know he's and asshole, a good girl doesn't know she's a good girl.  We just assume our personalities and the way we feel about things and never get to see what we look like to other people.  Yesterday, I think I had that chance.  As many of you may or may not know, I am a horribly cynical person.  The human race to me is just a bunch of mindless apes who get in my way.  I hate people.  I hate the moms in their goddamn Surburbans with their goddamned cellphone in one hand and their goddamned double mocha yuppie latte in the other.  I hate high school kids that have never worked for anything and deck themselves out in identical gap tops and capri pants and assume that mommy and daddy will always buy them that Jeep Wrangler.  I hate people that have no idea where their body is, these are the assholes who stand directly in the middle of shopping isles because they have no concept about anyone but themselves.  The human race is only in it for themselves.   Anyway, I was going to Blockbuster, to rent some games to drown out my slow evenings.  Outside, taking a smoke break, was one of my brother's friends.  He was sitting down against the wall just starring at the sidewalk.  I said, "Hey man, what's up?" He replied, "I just came to the realization that it's all about soccer moms in Suburbans."  Wow, right there it was like I saw my own personality taking shape and another person was coming to terms with the shallowness of everyone around us.  He was suddenly  grasping the fact that no one cares about anything but themselves anymore.  It was so weird because it was seriously like hearing myself talk watching the hopeless feeling take over.  I gave up on people way before he did though, but when someone finally realizes that there is something terribly wrong with the way that our society thinks and acts, that means that maybe things could be better.  It's all a show.  People buy nice cars and clothes because they know people will pay attention to them.  Everything is about self-gratification, materialistic masturbation (that wasn't supposed to rhyme).  Who can have the best shit before everyone else and who can ignore the most people getting it.  And yes, I'm sure those of you who know me are using the word "  HYPOCRITE " (definition provided for the Gen-Y kids who aren't used to seeing three syllable words and has spent most of their lives protected in high school hallways only having to care about Johnny Football and Bambi Cheerleader...Libertyville what?) and yes, I'm probably guilty of turning my back on people too and fitting nicely into my own hates.  But I'll admit when I'm wrong about it.  I'll admit when I was doing something just for me.  But there are people out there in their pleated khakis, in their "waxed by people at a detail shop" Volvos, with their 2.3 kids decked out to the chin in GAP or whatever overproduced clothing line that's popular these days, and they dont know theyre wrong.  These are the same people who try to hide from the problems of the world in their $750,000 luxury suburbia condos and then act surprised when the world creeps in with a car theft or even a murder.  Rich white people don't kill rich white people right?  Welcome to Earth and welcome to life assheads.  I know I can't say much more without getting stuck in a loop and starting to sound unintelligent and totally opinionated, so I'll shut off here.  But seriously, look around every now and then, look at people, listen to people.  There are 6 billion of us here and I guarantee that the other 5.99 billion could care less about your Suburban and your cedar deck furniture and your three car garages.