DOUBLE DOWN   This is a story about my   GIRLFRIEND , movie stars and football players.  I'm going to write this blog and show the events that are occurring to her and myself, the events occurring to me will be in italics.  Connie works at the   MAX & ERMA'S  in Vernon Hills, and last night she and her co-workers were going to go to the local bowling alley to celebrate some birthdays.  She was going to go hang out with her co-workers from seven that night to about nine and meet me at her house.  I think that provides enough background.  7:00 PM - Connie heads to Hawthorn Lanes in Vernon Hills, bowling commences.   7:00 PM - Dave is just waking up from passing out at 5 PM.  He took the nap because he felt like shit.   8:00 PM - Connie continues to bowl.   8:00 PM - Dave has immersed himself in Crazy Taxi.   8:30 PM - Connie is probably still bowling.   8:30 PM - Dave leaves his house to go to Connie's.  It's only a 15 minute drive to her house but it's a nice night and he decides to cruise for awhile and absorb the new   TRAVIS  album (which ROCKS by the way).   9:00 PM - Connie SHOULD be leaving the bowling alley to come home.   9:00 PM - Dave arrives at Connie's house hoping that she comes home soon because the mosquitoes have tracked his scent and are preparing to feast.   9:15 PM - Connie calls Dave's house to tell him she'll be home late.  Approximately this time, actor   VINCE VAUGHN  (Swingers, Made) enters the bowling alley accompanied by Chicago Bears quarterback   CADE MCNOWN .   9:15 PM - Dave does not receive that call because he is not at home.  Dave chooses to sit in his car because the mosquitoes have formed a black cloud around him.  He thinks he is safe in the car.  Dave ponders whether he should go to the bowling alley...he figures he shouldn't.   9:45 PM - Connie and bartendress Sharon have now spent the last 30 minutes talking to Vince and Cade and shooting the shit.  Pictures are taken for proof of incident (to be posted here later).   9:45 PM - The mosquitoes have found a way into Dave's car.  He's furious and decides they can't catch him if he's mobile.  Ten minutes later, a frustrated Dave heads for home.   10:00 PM - Connie calls Dave and tells him she has a good excuse for being an hour late.  "I met Vince Vaughn."   10:00 PM - Dave becomes more upset and the shitty evening he just had is suddenly amplified by the jealousy coursing through his veins about the fact that Connie met Vince Vaughn.  5 minutes later, Dave arrives at Connie's house.   10:05 PM - Connie tells the story.   Dave is terribly jealous because he's a damned film major.   Connie feels bad about not calling.   Dave is still peeved and continues to mention his shitty evening.   Connie still feels bad.  Eventually I told Connie I wasn't mad that she was late or didn't call, I was more jealous that she was able to have a good time and meet Vaughn (notice I haven't said ANYTHING about Mcnown).  I apologized for being an ass.  But come on, how could I not be pissed?  It was Vince-FRIGGIN'-Vaughn...