Big post coming up.  A while ago   JEFF C.  and I put together a list of people in the music industry whose asses we'd like to kick (or something like that).  So here we go...arguments against our list are welcome...  1. Christina Aguilera - I shouldn't even need to say why I hate her, but I will anyway. Her fashion sense makes me want to vomit. When she first arrived on the music scene, I'll admit, I said, "Meh, she's okay." Now she looks like shit! Colored hair, gay clothes, metal coming out of her nose and she weighs like 60 lbs. She looks like a rat. I think her voice has potential but her lyrics and image are SEVERELY lacking.  2. Kid Rock - I hate white trash and I hate white trash representatives who think they're cool.  3. All of Limp Bizkit - They're career ended two albums ago yet they're still in the forefront of everything. They're sound is tired and part of a generation where everything sounds the same.  4. NSYNC - Just for being NSYNC. They're all like 28 now and still write songs that appeal to little kids, time to move on.  5. Backstreet Boys - I don't really want to kick their asses, they've fallen to the wayside and decided to make songs that aren't as shallow or as bubblegum as NSYNC. Yet, they are a "boy band" and that's automatic qualification for an asskicking.  6. Britney Spears - The word "ya'll" being used in excess and the bad Pepsi commercials should be enough, but I'm also going to throw in that her song lyrics are pretty much ass.  7. Da Brat - She's just annoying.  8. Green Day - They were good when they're sound was new but I think for the last four years they've released the same song with different lyrics.  9. Dream - Now they should be higher on the list because they have to be the ugliest group of commercialized girls to ever hit the music scene. Give me the Go-Go's, give me the Bangles, they were real. When you're a girl band, the last thing you want to do is put some squat, chunky girl with a huge nose upfront as your lead singer.  10. Sum 41 - They're brand new and yet I've heard it all before. They even ripped of their name to fit in a punk genre, why does "Sum 41" remind me so much of "Blink 182?" I could start a punk band and name it "Boeing 747" or "Loaded 357." These kids show that there is nothing new on the horizon of music in the US and that's really sad.  11. Papa Roach - "broken home....all alone"....what the fuck? these are lyrics? don't whine about your divorced parents, drink and then get violent and break things like normal teenagers  12. Lil' Bow Wow - Him along with other assorted youngins have started a recent trend of little kid rap...i personally don't care to hear about a 9 year old having burdens, getting ass, and the pokemon cards they lost, kids today are pussies, kriss kross sang about real issues  13. Tupac "Thug Life" Shakur - He's released like 6 albums 2 of them doubles since he "died" and on his last album actually said something about him sitting in the bahamas sippin margaritas, and also said he's gonna murder Jay Z..who wasn't even popular when 2 pac supposedly died.  14. RECENT Metallica - Have made the same song/album for the past 5 years, and Lars just hasn't helped any with that quest to kill Napster.  15. Aerosmith - Better when they were on drugs  16. Blink 182 - I realize you have the genre on your list, but these guys really annoy me. They are about as entertaining as Carrot Top, and the novelty has completely worn off, "Take off your pants and jacket"...clever guys..welcome to 5th grade.  17. Sebastian Bach - I'm not sure he makes music anymore, but everytime I turn VH1 on, he's flapping his trap, he needs to be stopped  18. Celine Dion - I don't know why she's on here, after all, she is "the best singer in all the world"  19. Ricky Martin, Julio Iglesias - Thank god this is over, how many ways can Ricky Martin explain "shake your ass"?  Ricky pretty much shot himself in the ass on that one.  20. Shaggy - I would put you first in line in the carribean idiots category if not for Miss Cleo, however, her cool backgrounds, strange phrasings, and the queen of cups, do not save me from losing IQ points when your songs come on  21. Puffy Daddy - One good album and then he should have left town. He brought us Dream and just does STUPID shit.  22. RECENT Dave Matthews Band - Yes, I am a fan, but I still think they need an asskicking for the barrage of live albums they released between "These Crowded Streets" and the new album. How many times can you market the same songs? I loved the first and second album, though the third was okay and "I Did it" scared me away from buying the new album.  23. Mudvayne - I don't know if you've ever seen them but they still think it's cool to yell incomprehensible lyrics into a microphone.  24. Staind, Godsmack - And any other band who sounds like Alice in Chains and kids buy it like it's something new.  25. Uncle Kracker - I HATE that damn song. It's so fluff and to come out of a band where they music style is rather different, just not cool. The lyrics are tired, the song is tired, the look is tired. He's recycled and riding off the Kid Rock fame.  26. Nirvana - Where the hell did they disappear too?  27. O-Town - How did I forget those guys? Pre-fab commercial boy band crap at its worst.  28. Master P - He's a good producer, I'll give him that. But once he decides to speak up on a CD...crap, PURE crap.  29. EMINEM - No, just no. Some people can argue that he's an artist and I don't care about the swears and slurs in his lyrics. It's the fact that the lyrics are empty, just stupid things tied together with swears. On top of that, he's just an enormous dumbass being idolized, EMINEM is everything that is wrong with the way America picks its heroes.  30. Insane Clown Posse - No further information needed.  31. Eden's Crush - a) They were made on a tv show on the WB network, b) they're called Eden's Crush...what the fuck does that mean?  32. Rage Against the Machine - I loved those guys, now they could suck horribly. Didn't we learn ANYTHING from Van Halen?  33. Marilyn Manson - Talk about tired. No one cares about him anymore, just mentally sick kids who shoot up high schools.  34. Slipknot - They sound like everyone else and when you sound like everyone else you need a gimmic. They where black prison jumpsuits and scary clown masks.  35. Nelly - MTV had the "True Life of Nelly" or whatever and he said, "It's such a feeling to have people come up in public and know who you are."  It couldn't be the fact that he wears a huge chain on his neck that says, "NELLY" could it?  File under:  FLASH IN THE PAN.