WHAT IS THIS TOWN COMING TO?   I broke down last night and turned on the new   Fox  series,   Small Town X .  Before I go any further, I want to declare myself an enemy of the "reality television" craze.  I have never watched anymore than a commercial for   Survivor , I hated my father for watching   Big Brother , and the only good   Real World  was the   first  Real World (yet I'll admit watching the new one because   Connie  loves that crap).  And I think all I need to say is,   Jeff  what?  I  HATE  reality television and I think it's a sad statement that people are finding adventure through their television and through other people's lives.  The front door is right there...go find your own life.  Anyway, a little   birdie  has been whispering in my ears for weeks about Small Town X so I figured I'd watch it.  It's always fun to watch Kyle build a site and the next day go..."Yeah, so the site is better than the show and the show won't go another season," (  cough ).  But sadly...that didn't happen this time.  I watched Small Town X and the concept was totally awesome.  There was a suspense in the show that just kept you totally interested and you start thinking about who the "killer" is.  And probably the BEST part about Small Town X is the way the players are removed from the show.  They aren't voted off in lame "tribal meetings" or kicked out of a stupid looking house...they get "killed."    At the end of the show they send two people to investigate an area and one of the players is stalked and "killed" and they show it from the killer's point of view.  If you want to see grown adults piss themselves on national TV...this is the show.  The storyline of the show isn't deep enough yet to be called good or bad, but the editing is pretty sweet.  Throughout the show they bounce between the views of the players, to quick flashes of the "killer" watching them.  And the one thing I like the most about it, is that the "killer" can strike at any time, so when the players are left alone somewhere, that could be the end.  So there it is, I, Dave Sliozis, have fallen into reality television hell.  But not far enough that I can't get out.  But I do actually recommend   Small Town X .  At least for right now because Fox is synonymous with shows that crash and burn...then burn again.  ...and then burn   again ...