SHOULD HAVE GONE TO SLEEP   Well, I was planning on going to bed about an hour ago but I figured I'd listen to some   tunes  and then the gears started to warm up and the imagination followed.  Anyway, somewhere in the music, the same old dark depression came up and grabbed hold of me.  I can tell you right now that   Kyle  has already stopped reading cause he's heard all of this a thousand times.  So   Columbia  just turned out to be a battle that I'm still fighting and the fall semester is coming up fast.  I'm starting to get frustrated about it too.  If I leave Columbia, I'm walking away with 45 collected credits from a six-year fight with school.  I'm 23 years-old and just barely a sophomore, that makes me feel great.  And please don't give me the, "people much older than you are going to school" bullshit because I'm tired of hearing that one.  I want this all to be over so badly it kills me sometimes.  It hurts to be last, it hurts to watch people move away, it hurts to know that I shot myself in the leg along time ago and never knew it, my parents never knew it.    Connie  and I were reading the book my mom kept while I was growing up, and in this book my mom quoted me as saying, "David doesn't think he's going to like first grade because he thinks the work will be too hard."  First grade and I was already defeated by school and giving up.  I have roughly two and a half years left in my college education and that's saying that I don't drop too many credits along the way while I bounce myself around all these colleges.  I'll be almost 25 and that's not where and when it was supposed to be over.  Shit, I wasn't even supposed to go to school.  I was just supposed to be that dumb kid that was swallowed up by middle America and lived in his parent's basement.  Four years ago I would have laughed at you if you had told me that I was going to go back to school, fix a mess that I made at one college and make the dean's list at another college.  "Sliozis" and "Dean's List" don't EVER go together (unless you're talking about my brainiac cousins).  But all that has shifted again.  I battled through Columbia last semester and the end of the tunnel began to disappear.  I began wondering where I was going and if I really wanted to study film.  I wish I could say I did, I wish I could say anything right now, but the truth is I just don't know.  I don't know where I'm going or what I'm going to do, and honestly, that scares the shit out of me.  I know I need that piece of paper.  That's for sure.  But where and when I'm going to get it are HUGE unknowns.  And even before that occurs, there are a ton of things to think about.  Why couldn't I have been like   Zach Morris  or   Parker Lewis ?  I just feel like I'm always running out of time.  Music for some reason has become a major part of my life in the last six-years.  I think it grew on me so much from driving to work every day for two years when I wasn't in school.  The lyrics mean things and they push past this show I put on and grab me inside.  They twist and turn and every song seems to be singing about me.  Tonight, I landed my   winamp  player on "Misunderstood" by   Wilco .  The entire song has lyrics that just resonate through my life, but there are a few that just give me a little hope, and give me a little hurt.  To sum up what I think they mean to me: I should have left along time ago to meet my friends for drinks somewhere out   there .  I guess I have to deal with what's here first...   MISUNDERSTOOD    Short on long term goals There's a party there that we oughtta go to Do you still love rock and roll? Do you still love rock and roll? It's only a quarter to three Reflecting off your C.D. You're looking at a picture of me You're staring at a picture of me   sighI guess Ill go to sleep now.  Dont really know why, when I wake up, tomorrow is just going to be like every other day