DIGITAL BUS OF DEATH     BRUEN  and I were talking about our   FRIENDS  and some interesting things came to light.    JEFF EICHHORN  - The current belief is that Jeff is dead.  The last we heard he was working like 80 hours a week and then all transmissions ended.  When I want to call Jeff, I have to make long distance calls to the underworld.  On top of that, do you know how much it costs to have a body exhumed and re-animated?  It's not worth the price to hang out with that kid.  Jesus, I mean look at the last time the kid wrote anything on his blog.  That was like 1932 or something.    KYLE FORD  - Bruen and I don't even call him Kyle anymore, we don't even call him the names we used to behind his back.  We just call him TRON.  Kyle is totally digital.  0's and 1's with some html tags here and there.  Outside of an instant message window, there is no boy.  And look at how many times a week he changes the look of his site.  Could a human do that?  No.    SARAH FINIFROCK/FORD  - Okay, so I have pictures of Sarah, I've talked to Sarah and I'm pretty sure she exists.  But where is she?  I'm working on two theories.  The first being she's a full torso vapor apparition, like in   GHOSTBUSTERS .  The second theory is that "Sarah" was indeed an actress, one that Kyle hired to play the part of his human wife.  And then cash got tight while Kyle was supporting his booze habit and she left for other work.  Haven't you ever noticed that the FordCam is NEVER on?  Indeed to conceal the fact that there's no Sarah and Kyle is digital.    CONNIE SOMMERVILLE  - It has become Bruen's belief that Connie never existed either.  His belief is based on the fact that for the month and a half he was home over summer, he only saw her from a distance in a restaurant window.  He holds the idea that I have created a perfect holographic projection and that I have constructed an elaborate chain of stories and myths to revolve around that holographic image.  Okay, so what's your point?    JASON BRUEN  - Now this morning, Bruen told me himself he was real, an actual carbon based life form.  I think he's lying.  I think Bruen is actually a cyborg killing machine bringing a trail of death where ever he goes.  Iowa is no exception.  I only talk to Bru via instant messenger which would be no problem for a cyborg to operate.  Plus his girlfriend (who I'm SURE is human) is a scientist so she's smart and can build killer androids.  Yes, that's my ultimate proof, smart girlfriend, killer androids.  So you see, I'm losing my friends to the internet and death, and it's REALLY starting to get on my nerves.