WHERE WIPERS BLADES WILL LEAD YOU   My truck needed new wiper blades last night, a chore I love doing so much.  For the last few years, I've bought a large portion of my car parts, cleaning utensils and auto fluids at the   Super K-mart  in Vernon Hills.  This is my logic: white trash shops at Super K, white trash knows cars, so the car parts at Super K must be top notch and affordable.  Makes sense to me, I get good wipers and a horrible dose of culture shock.  Anyway, on my way out, the lines are pretty long and I'm annoyed because I have three items (two wipers and one   Coleman  camping refillable   lighter ) and I don't want to wait in said-designated lines with the general masses.  So I'm hunting for the shortest lane, and finally I come to the end of the lanes to find these "mini-lanes."  At first I'm totally baffled because I see people, civilians not in the Super K army, ringing up their own items.  Cashier-free check out.  There was no wait at all because white trash is intimidated by any technology not NASCAR sponsored and not of the Atari 2600 family.  I'm scanning my items, bagging my own shit, and LOVING IT!  There's a little touch-screen monitor that tells you what's going on and you can pay with cash or credit/debit card.  It was quite a spectacle to behold (also a sad, sad statement that I've been awed by Super K).  Now this raises the question about the carbon-based cashier units, what will happed to their jobs?  If you think about it (no offense to the any members of the cashier unions of America) their job has essentially been phased out anyway.  How hard is it to scan items and give proper chance?  This digital replacement of cashiers is way over due if you ask me.  So run, don't walk, to your nearest K-mart to see how technology is benefiting the grocery industry first hand.  Note:  I guess Illinois is quite behind the times.  I was informed moments before writing this that Michigan has had such devices for some time.  What the hell Illinois?  We're a NORTHERN state, we're supposed to be more advanced than say...a state that builds a train in a   baseball park ...