My good friend,   Kyle Ford , has been placed on Friend-Probation, more commonly known (especially to Jeff) as FP.  The counts against Mr. Ford that have led to his current charge on FP are the following, many of which have been taken directly from his blog:  1) Returning to LA and bringing our (those of us in the "frigid wasteland") attention to the fact that it is currently in the 70 degree range.  2) He goes to work, watches an unedited, unaired   X-Files  episode, declares himself on lunch and then never reappears.  3) He didn't feed the squirrel.  4) Within the week, I'll be getting photos back of a bronze wanker.  5) He already saw "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon."  So this instance comes more from my personal envy of the guy, but hey, I'm the FP parole officer, I can do what I want.  6) WEB SHOW!  WEB SHOW!  WEB SHOW!  Uhh...12 hour lunch break...  7) In his most recent blog, he tells us "we're going to call it a day around 1:00, and then barbecue in the parking lot."  Again, this instance is a direct result of Ford-envy.  There are three things wrong with this.  A) he's leaving at 1 (I know, weak argument) B) he's having a barbecue which means it's NOT SNOWING like it is here and C) he's spending time with co-workers.  The only time I and some of my   confidants  would ever have a barbecue with co-workers was if we were barbecuing the co-workers.  8) He gets to wear tennis shoes to work and put He-Man on his desk.  9) The Sephardic Jews were expelled from Spain and Portugal in the 1490s, after Ferdinand and Isabella defeated the Muslim Moors and made Spain a militantly Catholic country, intolerant of religious minorities. The Ottoman Muslims regarded the Jews as "people of the book," part of the monotheistic tradition which led eventually to Islam. Ottoman rule offered a degree of religious freedom at this time (while it was lacking in Christian Europe), so many of the expelled Sephardic Jews migrated to the Ottoman Empire, especially to Constantinople and other large port cities like Salonika. There was a separate Jewish millet in the Ottoman system, through which Jews enjoyed some measure of self-government; some Jews became influential advisors of the sultans. When the Turks completed their conquest of the Balkans in the 1500s, Sephardic Jews followed them into the interior, settling in the larger towns. Jews eventually became the majority in Salonika (in today's northern Greece). The Greek Jewish community survived there until World War II, speaking Ladino, a Spanish dialect.  10) He won't drink Surge Slurpees and likes Captain America.  Okay, that's all I have for now.  But none the less Kyle Ford, you have been placed on FP.  Let it be known that barbecues, wankers and the Ottoman Muslims expelling the Sephardic Jews will not be tolerated  That is all - The Warden