L.A. STORY    Saturday, July 28th, 2001   I woke up at 5am to make the 7:00am flight. No big deal I guess, I was able to get to bed at about 11:30pm the night before so I felt okay. At about 5:30am, we (my dad and I) picked up   Jeff  and left for O'Hare. Uneventful trip to the airport, then Jeff and I rolled out of the car and headed through the usual O'Hare people traffic. Boarding the plane was a pain in the ass because there was a family of like 8 people who spoke very little English and just stood around in the aisles trying to figure out our complex system of labeling seats on airplanes.  Assheads.  So we took off for the west coast.  The in-flight movie was some ass called "  Delivering Milo " (to which   Sarah  stated "I hate movies named like that.    Finding Forrester , etc.").  Needless to say Jeff and I paid no attention to it, opting instead to read architect magazines, discuss the usage of modern facets and take the ever truthful   Maxim  sex test.  I also read about a band called   Mogwai  in   Rolling Stone , they sounded pretty cool, if   Napster  wasn't dead, I'd check them out.  Oh...the food of course sucked, that goes without saying.  We had a "waffle" that was so sugary you could taste the sugar granules in the so-called "waffle."  Barf.  Near the end of the flight, they were playing some "Bloopers from Around the World" crap and they showed a highlight of these people racing snowmobiles on a baseball field.  Odd, but not too funny.  Then in the same race they switched to a clip where one of the snowmobiles takes off into the dugout of the baseball field with the rider still on it.  In the semi-silence of the airplane, Jeff blurts out "OH SHIT!"  I almost pissed myself right there.  When we arrived, the dilemma began.  The Friday night before we left, I left my cellphone in   Connie's  purse.  Now usually, that would never have caused a problem, but my cellphone had   Kyle's  cellphone number on it, which I of course did not know off the top of my head.  Great.  How was I going to contact Kyle to tell him where we were and that we landed?  Jeff had his cellphone but without the number, I was helpless.  We walked out into the loading area and without ten seconds passing, Kyle roared up in the Shadow (sans-rear view mirror).  We hopped in a sped into the Los Angeles morning.  We arrived at the Ford's and we were greeted by Krycek the power-pooch and his usually dog-on-speed antics.  Once there, Jeff and I presented Kyle and Sarah with the DVD we had purchased for them,   Chinese Super Ninjas .  It's an instant classic.  Being that it was post-breakfast in Los Angeles and post-lunch in Chicago, we were all a little hungry.  I mentioned   Hooters  and fifteen minutes later we were knee deep in buffalo wings and breasts.  Buffalo wings...and breasts.  Wait...somewhere between arriving at the Ford's (you know, I can't say "the Ford's" comfortably because I always think of Pat and Gary as "the Ford's") and going to breasts...I mean Hooters...we stopped in at   Ralph's  for some "necessity" items.  The items of importance were pre-made White Russian mix, two six-packs of   Smirnoff Ice ,   Bud Light  and of course the obligatory Jesus candle that you find in the more "ethnic" isles (which would later "bless" the bathroom after one of Kyle's "visits").  Okay, back to post-Hooters.  We headed to the   3rd Street Promenade  in Santa Monica.  This is where Kyle and I scored the   Mr. Pink  from the line of   Reservoir Dogs  toys.  Yeah, yeah, we're dorks, so what?  After that we went back to the living abode and chilled out until it was time to head to the   Fox  lot to see   Planet of the Apes .  We all agreed that the movie was okay, the ending was confusing and essentially discredited the rest of the film, but this isn't a movie review, it's a trip summary.  Anyway, while waiting in line, the four of us met   Ryler Pardokis , funny guy, trying to be an actor.  More on him later.  After Apes we went back to the house so the power-pooch could go for a walk.  When dinner came around we went to the only place that one really needs to go...  Barney's .  I've talked about Barney's a thousand times on this page so many of you know it's my favorite place to go in Los Angeles.  Kyle got some shitty Japanese beer, I stupidly followed.  Needless to say I was pretty buzzed by the time we left.  Oh, and I scored myself another Barney's shirt.  Back to the Ford's and we did the one thing we had planned, into the DVD player went   The Big Lebowski  and down went the White Russians.  Jeff Tobler stopped over for awhile to make mention of his travels to the   Playboy  mansion for his job.  That jerk.  Anyway, I think I passed out once or twice in the time that Tobler was there and somehow found my way to the air mattress on the floor.  Go me.   Sunday, July 29th, 2001   Woke up Sunday before everyone else and spent at least forty-five minutes trying to turn on the television.  Little did I know that the crucial element was the VCR remote buried under my mattress.  When you flip through the channels you become instantly aware that there are at least ten stations that start with "Fox."  Stupid Rupert.  Slowly everyone else woke up.  We finished watching Lebowski.  Then we went for a spin around the town, and stopped at the   In-N-Out Burger ...I scored another t-shirt there.  For those keeping score at home...t-shirts: 2, drunken nights: 1.  After a scenic cruise through the valley we headed to the   Hustler Store  where I scored two more t-shirts on the way out (t-shirts: 4).  Kyle also picked up "Snatch Adams" from the sale rack.  There is no better porno in the world, than DVD porn.  Again, we returned back to home base before heading out to a   Los Angeles Dodgers  game (wonder-pup has a bladder like his owner).  The game was good and we also scored some   Fernando Valenzuela  bobble heads (currently selling on   eBay  for as much as $24.00).  Getting out of the game was INSANE.  Apparently when Dodgers Stadium was built, only like twenty people attended the games because that stadium setup is ridiculous.  On the way home, somehow Jeff turned   Radiohead  songs into   Pearl Jam  songs before finally getting stuck on throaty renditions of "Drops of Jupiter" by   Train .  The one time I left the damn video camera at the house, Jeff has to go ape.  Back at the fort, we cracked open the booze again, I think I was fairly sober that night.  I think we tried to watch more of Super Ninjas before changing it to "Snatch Adams" which turned out to be a horrid spectacle of assorted misshapen anatomy, older women, no story line, and quite a collection of ugly men and strangely placed pimples.  We could only stomach "side A" (never did see "side B").  Eventually, as nature often does, night time came and we crashed for bed.   Monday, July 30th, 2001   Monday morning, Kyle slipped out the door to go to work and I woke up too late to catch   Jillian  and the Good Day LA crew.  Once Jeff, Sarah and I got rolling we headed out to Rodeo drive so Jeff could snag some photos of the ridiculous architecture of the homes they have out there.  We also wandered around the stores down there, we didn't dare go in any because we're common street riff-raff and they don't allow that.  Around 11:30ish, Kyle called and said we could come by the lot for lunch.  Kyle met us outside the building and then gave us the guided tour of his floor and told us of the "5th Floor."  That's where Rupert lives in his   iron lung  and does all his conferencing via satellite.  Oh ho...it's true.  I was tempted to venture to the 5th because I had the least to lose, I was going to sacrifice my life to view Rupert.  We bumbled down the Fox Store on the lot where everything Fox-related is ridiculously cheap.  DVDs that are usually $25 bucks were selling for $10.  I spend $95 bucks in a matter of maybe twenty minutes.  I bought three Simpsons figures (Itchy and Scratchy, Willie and Chief Wiggum), an Itchy and Scratchy t-shirt (t-shirts: 5), and the following DVDs:   Alien ,   Big ,   Big Trouble in Little China ,   Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid , and   Wall Street .  For $95, that's a helluva haul.  We left Kyle and went on to hit some malls and wander around some more.  We made plans to go out to dinner with Tobler at   Karl Strauss Brewery  at the   Universal City Walk .  They serve 45oz. beers there (drunken nights: 2).  I bought two more t-shirts there, both   Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle  related (t-shirts: 6).  After that, the details get a little fuzzy...   Tuesday, July 31st, 2001   Tuesday morning, we all struggled up at 4:30am so we could make our 6:15am flight (next time I promise to look at times better).  It was a pretty uneventful morning aside from the look of terror on Kyle's face every time he realized he was up before the sun.  The flight back to Chicago was okay, I made Jeff watch the in-flight movie,   Spy Kids .  I like the movie, just kinda humorous.  When we finally landed, we were greeted by a shitty Chicago day.  It was like 95 degrees and just awful.  Connie picked us up and she accidentally managed to park on the complete opposite side of the world.  Oh well.  And that was LA in nutshell.  Now because I'm behind in posts, I'm going to continue on through the rest of the week.   Wednesday, August 1st, 2001   Wednesday was just a slow work day.  I left work at 2pm so I could get downtown to Jeff's new place and go to dinner before the Radiohead concert in Grant Park.  Jeff's new place is pretty big and really a nice place.  The only thing that sucked was that Jeff and his roommate Josh were moving their shit in on the hottest day of the year.  Their place was like an oven.  Around 4:30pm, Jeff and I headed out to meet some other people who would be going to the concert with us, some college friends of his.  We were late for the concert, we were outside the gates when the boys cranked into   The National Anthem .  The Grant Park set up was actually pretty nice.  Aside from the entrance for the event being located at the farthest end (south) that everyone came from, it all good.  I'm not really sure why people were getting there as early as they could, my problem with general admission events is that once you get packed into the massive huddle in front of the stage, if you leave, you can't get back in.  So we got there late and chilled out near the edge of the mob.  I could still see the stage pretty well.  I could have seen better if I was over six feet tall.  Radiohead played really well.  The renditions of the songs were right on and they all sounded great.  Thom played to the crowd as much as he could but I think he was dwarfed by a massive stage set up.  I think they should have done what the did on "The Bends" tour and played like 3 days in smaller venues like the Vic or Aragon.  The real disappointment of course was all the "fans."  I'm about to sound like a huge music snob here but oh well.  There was quite the variety of people there.  From teen-boppers who all clapped for the obvious singles like   Optimistic , to some old guy in a Stevie Nicks t-shirt next to us.  Not as many depressed Goth kids as I counted on either.  Regardless, the concert was great (still no 50-foot lemon, but they aren't that kind of band).  I was SO happy when Thom came back out to sing   True Love Waits  and Jeff got his   Fake Plastic Trees  (and while it is a song that everyone seems to know, Jeff loves that song on a much deeper level).  Got home at 12:45am that night...   Thursday, August 2nd, 2001   Thursday at work, we were treated to a   Milwaukee Brewers  game.  It was hotter than the sun that day ("My ass is talking Spanish!" - Kyle Ford).  The game was nice, I managed 4 beers before the second inning that didn't even buzz me, just gave me the shittiest headache ever.  The group was seated behind home plate, and while these were really nice seats, sitting there was like boiling in your skin.  Uma and I ventured around the stadium before ending up in right-field where there was a nice breeze to cool us down.  The game was good and the Brewers ended up winning.  On the bus ride home I just   passed out .  Got home around 6:30pm from work.  Connie didn't have to work so she came over for dinner.  I took a shower and passed out again while we were watching a movie.   Friday, August 3rd, 2001   Friday was pretty uneventful during the day.  At night, Connie had another softball game where I proceeded to down a pitcher of Miller Lite and follow up with Labatt's Blue after the game.  I passed out at Connie's house before going home around 2am Saturday morning.   Saturday, August 4th, 2001   Saturday was my first   Chicago Bears  game and they were playing my   Cincinnati Bengals .  Connie's brother has season tickets and good seats, 5 rows up from the end zone.  The game essentially consisted of field goals and the Bengals managed to drag to game into OT.    Cade  played, he was pretty damn awful.  And while I know it's only preseason...anytime you almost lose to the Bengals...that's not a good sign about your team.   Sunday, August 5th, 2001   Finally, Sunday was slow.  I woke up at 11am, which never happens but it was good to catch up on that sleep.  We had family come over and then Connie came over after work and we watched another movie before falling asleep.  There is was, my week with as many details as I could remember.  Next weekend will be pretty dry of blogs too.  Connie's-roommate's-brother is getting married Saturday, my birthday is Sunday and Monday I'm helping Connie move out in DeKalb.  I guess that's all for now, I'm going to edit this beast and then probably go to lunch.