CONTROVERSIAL KYLE FORD   I recently visited the emerging web page of   Paul K. Weller  and came across some horrifying items located in his links area.  I promptly wrote him a letter to which he responded...   Dear Paul K. Weller,  Upon visit to your personal website, I took the time to peruse your "links" section.  Needless to say, once confronted with the data on said-designated page, I was simultaneously angered and disgusted when I saw the collection of links before me.  The anger came when I saw the beginning of what SEEMED to be a link to Libertyville High School.  The simple mention of that name threw me back to the most hated time in my life and I was consumed with momentary rage and pure dislike for 85% of our "classmates" (you sir, are included in the redeemable (15%).  Then I became awash with disgust when I saw the name of my archrival, Kyle Ford.  How does a man side with such an evil and horrible person?  Apparently you are not aware of the ARMIES of underage children in the Asian Rim section of the world that Mr. Ford has entering HTML code in  INTERNET-SLAVE-LABOR-CAMPS!  I swear to you, these are true facts.  There are little children all throughout China, Cambodia, Vietnam and Nepal  which are locked by the ankles to out of date Apple computers, attached to modem dial-up services who work their scrawny fingers to the bone in order for  Mr. Ford to retain his name as #1 web designer guy in the Stick Bus camp.  I simply ask that you remedy your current faux pas of placing Mr. Ford's name  on your "link" page, by adding my name.  I hope that my e-mailing you here today has opened your eyes to the injustices that ignorance causes when the civilian mind creates a web page for personal use.  You sir, are not the first to fall prey to naming a L.H.S. link, or falling under control to the mighty Ford Empire.  I simply urge you to be aware of the gross crimes committed daily in our society, and help the youth of today steer clear of such atrocities in the future.  Thank you,  David M. Sliozis  Champion of the Light www.sliozis.com   Mr. Weller's response...   So, uh...I guess I'll take the LHS link off?  :)  Gee, never have I had such a visceral reaction (or for that matter any reaction) to my website.  Yes, I have heard of Mr. Ford's recent exploits.  I had hoped that they were untrue...all those rumors about selling Apple IIe's to those poor schools in Asia where the children were forced to type in HTML code using the only two fingers left on their hands.  Say it ain't so Kyle!  I blame that evil woman he married.  Please forgive the grievous error I have made against you and the human rights council, and God.  I was only trying to quickly put something on that page so people would come back after I had made enough money to buy Dreamweaver and thus make my site presentable.  Because, let's face it...Front Page Express is pure shit!  Good to hear from you. Paul :)   See?  An angry and violent tone in an e-mail can do good in this world.  Thank you Paul.