LEAF STOMPIN'   Woke up this morning before the sun was up and debated whether or not I wanted to venture off to school.  Then I remembered that my teacher was passing out a lab assignment to do, so I sucked it up and took a warm, 20 minute shower, and wrote "SOAP" with the bar of soap on the shower door.  Clever me.  It was a bit cool outside, but I love fall mornings.  I tossed on long sleeve, gray t-shirt and then topped it with my Sigur Ros concert shirt.  Preppy grunge I guess.  And off I went with   Travis  as the soundtrack.  In class today we watched a movie called   Nanook of the North .  It's a 1922 documentary about the Innuit clan living around the Hudson Bay in Canada.  It was interesting to say the least, watching an Innuit fisherman kill fish by biting their heads, and capture and hack a 1-ton walrus to death, and beat baby seals to death with clubs.  How nice.  I wouldn't expect to see this one on DVD anytime soon.  Crap.  There is a   DVD .  And it's Criterion.  What's that about?  40 never before seen minutes of seal clubbings?  Odd.  After class, our teacher was giving us our midterm grades if we were interested.  To tell you the truth, I never keep track of my grades.  I just always guess and figure my guess is probably what I'm getting.  Now, the teacher of my intro to archaeology class is a cool lady and really smart, but she's also very scatter-brained and on-the-fly.  One minute she's talking about one thing and the next she's giving out homework, it's a whirlwind sometimes.  All of this leading to the fact that I really had NO clue as to what my grade might be in this class.  I'm think a "C" cause I am KING of the "C" students.  To my absolute surprise, I'm not only getting an "A" in that class...but I'm getting an "A-PLUS" because I haven't missed a day of class!  Thank God I went today, eh?  Can't loose that plus!  I left class and headed home, this time   Remy Zero  was singing in the background.  I got home at around 9:30am and the temp was just right, about 50 degrees.  The breeze was coming through and blowing all the orange and red leaves around.  Then I began trying to step on them as they went by.  First, little steps, pinning them down under the toe of my shoe.  Then as the wind picked up, I was trying to catch many under my foot.  Suddenly, I was 5 years-old again and playing in the leaves.  Jumping on them, stretching out to get them.  For those five minutes, nothing existed by me and those leaves.  I was annoyed I had to be 23 again but I was glad the kid got out to play for awhile.