TRAVIS   Saw   Travis  last night and let me say...if you were stuck in   Peoria  and missed this concert...cry yourself to sleep tonight because it was SPECTACULAR!  It was at the   Riviera Theater , which is another one of Chicago's awesome small music houses.  Unlike the   Vic Theater  (all seating), the Riv (that's what the cool kids call it) is a floor in front of the stage and a second floor balcony.  The opening band was called   Remy Zero  and they've had some play on Q101 (I guess, that's what the lead singer said, I'm too elite to listen to common radio anymore).  They were really good and had a huge following there.    Connie  said she thought she heard of them and that they play heavy in the local scene.  Rumor floating around was that the lead singer was in some form of relationship with   Alyssa Milano  and then it was broken off.  That would explain why a few of his songs seemed heart-wrenching.  Can you blame him?  [ insert sound of   Jeff Crain  doing   Tony Danza , "Hey!  Mona!" ]  So between the time Remy Zero left the stage and the roadies for Travis began setting up their stuff, we were suddenly attacked by a mob of sonofabitches who waited in the wings.  Apparently during Remy Zero, 3,000 people were hiding throughout the theater and ambushed our comfort zones before Travis even hit the stage.  Jerks.  Travis was so good.  The lead singer (Francis Healy) sported his little baby mohawk and played the crowd wonderfully.  Before many of the songs he'd mention what the song was about.  He even spurned talk of the wrongs that have occurred in the last month and also why   MTV  sucks (in Scotish accent, "The video for Side has flying saucers.  That's not even what the song is about.").  Every song they played was far better than the album copy, and they were really a fun band to see.  Here's a copy of the   set list  if you care.  The most powerful song they played was the last from the main set, "Blue Flashing Light."  Oh man, the place exploded for that.  Most of the songs came from their last two albums, "Happy" came from their debut.  Connie asked me which was better,   Black Crowes  or Travis.  I had to say Travis only because of my being more aware of Travis' albums.  BUT, it was a close choice.  It was a great concert and I feel sad for those who have/had to miss it.  ...before Travis took the stage, one of the 93.1 XRT deejays came to the stage and announced bands coming to the Riv in the upcoming months.  Turns out...  Wilco  is coming to town (November 23rd, tickets on sale Saturday!).    Kyle  (nice site by the way, way to update it) and   Sarah  got me hooked on the Wilco way back in 2000 (YEARS ago).  I've been trying to see them in concert ever since, I missed them Jeff Tweedy in Chicago (that was   Jeff's  fault) and Wilco in Milwaukee at Summerfest (that was   Connie's  fault).  But this time...no way.  I'm all over it.   Turn by Travis  I want to see what people saw I want to feel like I felt before I want to see the kingdom come I want to feel forever young I want to sing to sing my song I want to live in a world where I belong