FROM SIGUR ROS TO BLACK CROWES   Yeah, that's pretty much one hell of a musical spectrum. I figured since my page was down when I went (with   Jeff  to see   Sigur Ros , I'd talk about them now.  They played at the   Vic Theater  two weeks ago. It was a fantastic little concert, very chill, very cozy. I love concerts at small venues. Anyway, Ros was really good and to my surprise they rocked out on a ton of songs I've never heard (no, I'm not a diehard fan, I just enjoy their music). It's probably the first and last concert I'll ever go to where I didn't understand a damn word, yet thoroughly enjoyed myself.  As Alison mentioned, they were sans the 18 piece string section but they managed. It was just a great little band and a great little venue. If they roll through near you, I recommend checking them out.   Last Saturday night, the 6th,   Connie  had scored us tickets to   The Black Crowes .  The concert was in Rockford at the Metro Center (we buzzed right over   Rochelle ).  We initially had some problems finding the place because neither of us had ever been there and all the signs in the town lied.  Anyway, we get there about 7:15pm and park right across the street from the place with nothing but tour buses in our way...sweet.  Already we're thinking things are a little off about this, how did we get so close?  Where is everyone?  So we head into the Metro Center and look for the "Will Call" booth to get the tickets.  The "booth" turned out to be two middle-age women at a card table with a HUGE illuminated white sign behind them declaring them "WILL CALL."  They looked more like a church bake sale than a ticket pick-up office.  About 7:30pm we head for our seats.  Connie had thought that our seats were good but no great when she was purchasing them, she figured we'd be off in a corner.  Well to our surprise, we were 4 rows from the stage, SPECTAC!  As we looked around though, the house was still empty, maybe 10% of the people were there.  About 8pm, the opening band entered,   Beachwood Sparks .  They were funny guys.  They told the 20 of us watching to "Please stand back and not crowd the front."  There was no one up there.  They were actually the best opening band I've ever heard, their music was lighter than the Crowes with some country flavor to it.  Good stuff.  Plus the few people in the crowd did cheer for them when they finished songs, they were well received.  Poor guys though, near the end of their set, pieces of equipment were slowly falling from the rafters and the set decorum.  They laughed out loud and continued to play.  They were good guys, I bought their CD.  After their set, they even signed CDs and tickets for people.  When they were finished, the Crowes came out.  The crowd was just beginning to arrive and being a pain in the ass to those of us already seated.  Con and I were right on an isle so every time a late ape came, we had to shuffle out.  Now me personally, I enjoy the Black Crowes.  I like the Southern Rock feel of Lynyrd Skynard that they have.  I admittedly own only   Shake Your Money Maker , their first album.  Connie on the other hand, LOVES the Black Crowes.  Every word, every song, hooting and hollering.  It was really fun.  The Crowes are an AWESOME band to see live, the music is great and they convey this energy that makes you want to dance.  I did the "white man tap and sway" dance.  And as   Rehmer  had also noticed, there was a   MRS. Robinson  hiding deep off the side of the stage.  A few times when the stage lit up, you could make out a heavy set of blonde curls.  OH!  And before I forget, there was the encore!  The Crowes played  Oh Well  and they were accompanied by Rick Nielsen from CHEAP TRICK!  YEAH!  It was a fun night.  Wednesday night I'm off to see   Travis .