WE CAME, WE SAW, WE DROVE OVER A LOT OF SHIT   In February of 1999, I ventured out with my parents on one cold and snowing winter weekend in search of a car.  Little did I know, I would be leaving there with a truck and what would later be a reliable friend.  My original intent was to become one of the many who drive in the Pontiac Grand Am family.  I had liked the cars and they were somewhat affordable.  At the time, I was working 40 hours a week at a real job and I was pretty sure that was not going to change (later I would high-tail it and return to school).  So I test drove a $23,000 Mercury Mountaineer, V8 engine, leather interior, 6 CD changer, sunroof, the works.  I would later sign the papers to make her legally mine.  In the years to come, her mighty chariot wheels would take me to Bloomington, Illinois where she makes and appearance in the   Stick Bus  film,  The Blairwich Project  (that trip would also bring another infamous incident where she was vomited on, I was not told of this until TWO YEARS LATER).  She drove me as far north as Kenosha, Wisconsin to happy memories of batting cages.  From Lake Michigan in the east, and the campus of Augustana in the west (she carried Gordons in on angelic winds).  Finally there were the countless trips into the cornfields of DeKalb, she would fly me where I needed to go.  Sadly though, it was these trips, especially the ones to DeKalb, which would cause us to part ways far earlier than I had ever hoped.  It was only a matter of time until she rocketed through the 75,000 mile marker, also bringing an end to her faithful warranty.  Through the years, she had minor problems internally.  Some electrical work here, some unexplained corrosion there, and once she blew out her subwoofer while singing along to Dr. Dre's,    The Chronic 2001  .  It was the combination of these that made my parental units weary of her strength and feared that she may not remain reliable.  So on Tuesday night, November 13th, I gave her away in exchange for what can only be called a go-kart.  I can only stare out my window at night, hoping that someone else will find her and love her like I did.  Wax her and wash her, kiss her visor when she made it through the yellows, and yell, "THAT WAS F**KING AWESOME!" as she smashes into high standing water along the roadsides.  Perhaps one day, when the world slows down and the stars are seen from the west coast, we'll meet again.  Goodbye dear friend, and here's to you, your legend, and your glory.  May your wheels carry you far and your heart remain strong.  Farewell.     Big Maroon Machine 1999 - 2001