NEXT REST STOP 1,745 MILES   Yesterday, after a long and heated discussion (again) with   Kyle , I finally put into writing the major events that I need to make happen in the next year.  I know most of you reading this could care less, I'm doing this more for my own benefit.   Due to bad credit card abuse, I'm cutting three of my four cards tonight.  This also includes deleting all the stored credit card numbers I have stored in various online companies.    Tonight I'm buying a new/used car that will be covered under a warranty with low mileage.  Of course this means it isn't a car I like, but getting one I do like isn't a choice I have.  I LOVE my Mountaineer and now I'm going from a V-8 roaring machine to a 4-cylinder foreign lawnmower.  Goody.  Anyway, somewhere along the line the new car is going to be beneficial and I could save a little cash from it.  I'm buying this new car today and I just have to deal with it (regardless of the damage it may do to my ego and image).    I am going to finish my schooling at CLC.  After this semester, I will have 51 credit hours, 60 are needed for an associates degree.  With help from   Connie , I already know what classes I need to take to earn my associates degree.  The degree WILL be received in June of 2002.  Once I have that minor degree, I can transfer to almost any college I want and the degree ensures 60 credit hours, the college I would transfer to cannot reject any of those hours.  At the same time, because I will be able to arrange my classes better, less time at school will be needed, therefore I will be able to work more than 19 hours a week.  This will greatly benefit my checking account.    With the money I will have theoretically saved, I will arrange some form of transportation to the Los Angeles, California area.  The next step will be either finding a cheap hotel or begging Kyle and   Sarah  (and baby) for stays lasting about a week, sporadically throughout the summer.  While there, I will find a place to live and apply for many jobs, both in and out of the entertainment industry.    In August of 2002, pending the results of number 4, I will be moving to Los Angeles with home and job waiting.    Once living in Los Angeles, the search for work and income will take priority over education.  In December 2002, if need be or I feel it is necessary, I will apply to colleges in California.  With my associates degree, I can apply to any California college without fear of losing credit hours.    I live happily ever after on the west coast.  Events taking place in this time will include scooters, tattoos, parties, marriage, kids, conquering the world, retirement, parties, walkers, death.  And of course it's all going to be much more complicated than all that, but that's the basic plan.  There are probably more places and people I should mention in there, but I'm keeping it simple.  Ive always lacked a plan, this was pointed out as my downfall.  I need dates to reach my goals, and steps to follow.  In a way, I now have that.  I guess I'll see you there.