THE 2002 NAME-IT-DAVE CAMPAIGN   On the 7th of this month,   Sarah  wrote, "we just found out it's a boy," which only added fuel to the "2002 Name-it-Dave Campaign."  As most of you know, the focus of this campaign is to influence   Kyle  and Sarah to name their child David, after myself.  I've spent some time researching the name, "David Ford," and it seems that there are not only MANY successful David Ford's in the world, but some rather handsome ones as well.  Let's take a look...    This   David Ford  is an Associate Professor in the Department of Computer Science at Concordia University.   This   David Ford  was the head art director in such movies as   Stargate , the late 80's classic (ass)   Heathers , and the box office smash   In the Army Now  starring Pauly Shore.   This   David Ford  is a member of the British government representing the   Northern Ireland Assembly .   This   David Ford  is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering at Texas A&M University.  His professional interests include (but not limited to) statistical thermodynamics, molecular simulation, adsorption, transport in microporous materials, and diffusion in polymers.   This   David Ford  is an Assistant Professor with a Ph.D. at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.   This   David Ford  teaches at the College of Forest Resources, University of Washington.   This   David Ford  is the Vice Provost for Academic Affairs at Virginia Tech.   This   David Ford  is a gymnast for Idaho State Universtiy.   This   David Ford  is the Director of Health Policy & Special Projects in Ohio.   This   David Ford  is a three time World Champion kayaker.   This   David Ford  is the Republican State Senator in the 19th Indiana Senate District.   This   David Ford  homes in Britain and says, "I am 60 years old and retired from my job as a Senior Electrical Engineer in the Offshore and Petrochemical industry."  Nice!   This   David Ford  is in charge of graphic design for K-VA-T Foods.   This   David Ford  is the Chief Operating Officer at Orion Partners Ltd. who specialize in commercial real estate services.   This   David Ford  is a Florida State Universtity Alumni who currently works for the Goldman Sachs Asset Management Division.   And finally, this   David Ford  is dead.  And that is only the beginning of the David Ford legacy.  There are hundreds, perhaps THOUSANDS of David Ford webpages that I couldn't even mention (doing all the links for what's above killed me as it is!).  I mean really?  What more proof do you need?  Name the boy Dave, and you're guaranteed a   stud .