I HATE OFFICE CHRISTMAS PARTIES!   I LOATHE the person or persons who ever started the concept of the office Christmas party.  First let me say this.  Because Abbott employs some 30,000 people, all pretty much in one location, the notion of having an annual company-wide Christmas party is out of the question.  Instead, the hundreds of units and divisions are broken down into making the decision to celebrate holiday festivities on their own.  Now being that my unit (about 30 people) is a pretty diverse unit of people and ages and lifestyles, there is no way that they could all ever agree on an event to attend or restaurant to go to.  Instead they opt for every person bringing in something to eat, they called it "Holiday Potluck Luncheon."  Potluck makes me think of the random crappy hot lunches that a   few  of   us  suffered through in the grade school years at   Rockland Elementary  (note:  Raptors my ass, ROBINS FOREVER!).  So why do I hate this so much?  Just because I can.  Christmas alone drives me nuts, the sick consumerism and every moron ever on the road.  People here don't really understand that I when I'm at work, I'd just rather be left alone.  There are a few individuals here that I enjoy talking too, primarily because they understand the workings, or lack there of, of this area.  The secretary staff alone is enough to push me over the edge.  I'm already getting crap from the because I didn't bring a "dish" to share.  Eat me people, I'm not an experienced chef and I didn't want to bring a box of cookies that would go uneaten and unnoticed.  Instead, I just brought nothing.  There's such a fakeness about it, most of the people here talk crap behind each other's back, but the moment we have something like this, it's all smiles.  I SWEAR it's like high school, down to the cliques.  And this is just on my nerves today because I have far more important things to be doing than sitting here, bitching about people whose entire life is based around this events of this office.  I'm tired, I'm crabby and I've got finals for school tomorrow...can you tell?