I HATE BIOLOGY   I guess I should be more specific. I hate the  lab  part of biology.  First of all my class consists of 30 people. But the kicker here is that 27 of those 30, are girls. Of course this means the three guys are left to fend for themselves. But, one of the guys (who I think may be  technically  a guy with different "orientation") is friends with some girls, so he doesnt deal with myself and the other guy. The last remaining guy, besides myself, probably sucks at biology just as much as I do. Now when that one guy shows up, I at least have someone to talk to for and hour and a half. But today, that bastard took the quiz in the morning and left early. So I'm there by myself. I feel like such a piece of meat.  The next reason I hate the lab is a direct result of my inability to just do it. For some reason, I just can't mix test tubes and chemicals and all that crap. I can read the instructions word for word and follow each step PERFECTLY and still somehow screw it up. The rule I've adopted is the "three strikes" rule. If I screw up on one lab practice three times, I quit and move on.  Without fail, my tubes are always different colors than everyone else's, or they fizz more than everyone else's. One day we screwed up so bad, the liquids in the tube were boiling...without a hot plate, the tube was scalding hot. It's really degrading. Whats worse is I can hear all the whispers and I can see it in those girl's eyes, "stupid meat can't mix a test tube." Yeah, that's what they're saying alright.  So in this biology class, we're never getting out of the "microbiology" scale, which sucks. Give me a worm, a cat, a pig, and lemme cut it open. I can do that. I can memorize organs and functions. None of this chemical mixing with organic molecule shit.  Finally I was talking to my teacher on the way out about why things go horribly array with my experiments. After listing off reasons that made me feel like I was two ("Did you use a clean test tube?" "Did you properly read the directions?" "Stupid meat can't mix a test tube?"), he asked me what my "major" was, to which I replied (and I don't know why I say it anymore) "film." His response was even better, "Oh... you're  the film guy." He knew I was the "film guy" because on the first day of class we filled out surveys about ourselves. Anyway, he proceeded to tell me how I can benefit from biology in the film world. Needless to say it went in one ear and out the other.  The teacher is classic though. If you recall from my semesters at   Columbia , I had an environmental science teacher there who pretty much explained that "humans" were a form of pollution and that we're pretty much killing the Earth and we're all going to die. Happy class. I called that teacher, Dr. Death.  Well now in this biology class, I have Dr. Death II. My biology teacher never goes a day without telling us about something we eat and how it can kill us. He seems to target fat people a lot, talking about McDonald's and how evil they are. Of course he mentions smoking and artificial preservatives. But, the man actually said, "Sure, go out and drink beer. Beer is better for your system than you think." Which really just says to me, "come to class drunk."  And I still want a tattoo.