VALENTINE'S DAY    Clever how I made the font red, eh?  Anyway, I can't believe it's only 9:00am and I'm ready to rip the tradition and ideals of   Valentine's Day  to shreds.  Now those of you who know me are probably already saying, "Dave, you dumbass, you've been dating   Connie  for almost two years. You should be happy to have a person to share Valentine's Day with." Well right, I am happy to have someone on Valentine's Day. That's not the reason I hate this awful day though.  Essentially, my total disgust lies in the way that we view this day and act on it. And for the record, I think that Valentine's Day just BARELY edges out Christmas for the number one spot on my "hated-holidays" list.  So why do we "celebrate" Valentines Day? The following is an excerpt from   HistoryChannel.com :   One legend contends that Valentine was a priest who served during the third century in Rome. When Emperor Claudius II decided that single men made better soldiers than those with wives and families, he outlawed marriage for young men -- his crop of potential soldiers. Valentine, realizing the injustice of the decree, defied Claudius and continued to perform marriages for young lovers in secret. When Valentine's actions were discovered, Claudius ordered that he be put to death.    According to one legend, Valentine actually sent the first 'valentine' greeting himself. While in prison, it is believed that Valentine fell in love with a young girl -- who may have been his jailor's daughter -- who visited him during his confinement. Before his death, it is alleged that he wrote her a letter, which he signed 'From your Valentine,' an expression that is still in use today.   And that brings us up to now. A man dies for his love of a woman and what do we do now to pay tribute to that love? We buy flowers that die in a day and crappy balloons. We pass out crappy Valentine's at schools with phrases like, "I CHOO-CHOO CHOOSE YOU" (that's a CLASSIC, I know). I think the only reason that this tops Christmas as a shitty holiday (if it can actually be classified as a holiday, perhaps I should specify as a "gift giving" holiday), a shitty GIFT GIVING holiday, is because our Christmas shopping mentality gives us almost a month to go out and select the perfect gift for someone. However, do you shop a month in advance for Valentine's Day? No. The Valentine's Day market is geared for LESS than ten minutes of shopping (perfect for   Kyle ). You go in a store, grab something pink and heart shaped, and five bucks later you're back on the road. At least during Christmas some thought goes into the gift.  Now I'm not saying that EVERYONE shops that way. I know a few people who take time to actually celebrate this day and love. But the other 95% of you, PLEASE quit being trash. This is a day where you are supposed to celebrate love, and I don't know how you can do that with a   $1.99 rose  and a   $2.99 teddy bear . Anyone who says, "it's the thought that counts" here, go outside and stand in traffic...now.  As for those of you who are single, you obviously have the "standard" reason for hating Valetine's Day. But really, it's just another day manufactured by the evil   Hallmark  corporation to prey upon the wallets of those who are in relationships and exploit the most beautiful of human emotions for money. Goddamn Hallmark. In the end, thats $20 more dollars that you have to spend on beer for St. Pattys Day.  And really, shouldn't we take time and do things for the people we love all the time? Not some froo-froo nasty pink holiday? My Valentine's philosophy is this, give something that comes from your heart, something that makes you feel good to be giving. A simple card with something wrote is perfect. But I guess if the $2.99 teddy bear comes from your heart, I guess it's okay too.