THE ARROGANCE OF THE TURN SIGNAL   There's a growing trend within the driving communities of America, and frankly, I find it disturbing.  The use of the turn signal to indicate the intentions of drivers is on the decline. And why? What is it that has swept across the millions and millions of American drivers that does not allow them the extra two inch reach to flip a lever up or down? Has the concept of the turn signal become too complicated? Perhaps there is a failure in the teaching stages where certain individuals have a "signal deficiency." Personally, I believe it's due to American arrogance.  Now, I'm not saying you ALWAYS need to signal. For example, if you are in a turn lane, everyone else should already understand that it is your intention to turn. That's why you are in that lane. However, it is the persons who do not signal maneuvers, like right turns in traffic, where there is no turn lane. Suddenly, chaos erupts simply because one person decided they were too good to show people what they were going to do.  I think the "get out of my way" attitude of the American culture has now leaked into even our basic driving skills. It's almost as if not signaling your intention to turn is the same as saying, "Halt, your life must be suddenly delayed so I can continue mine." Turn signals, at their most basic ideal, are a simple warning. And in a world where we are said to be growing farther and farther from individual personal contact, how great is a device that can tell everyone what you're thinking without having to talk to anyone and open yourself up to the world.  On top of that, it's the law. In every community, a person can be ticketed if they do not signal their intentions. Obviously it's a minor offense and obviously local police departments have left this crime go unattended until it has reached epidemic proportions. How sad. Think about that one, every time you don't signal when you turn, you are committing a heinous crime.  My fear is that this arrogance will blur the lines between the drivers who believe they rule the road, and those who should not be on the road. One who believes that they are too good for the signal should know that drivers passing by believe that they are simply too stupid to work such a simplistic device. Just remember that, you may THINK you look cool, but really...you just look like an idiot.  I'll get off my soap box racer now.