I SWEAR, IT WAS LIKE FINDING AMERICA   Picture this. Summer, 1997. You're cruising along, windows down, and listening to one of many classic rock stations that the Chicagoland area has to offer. There is a song on the radio, you are enjoying this song. Roughly six minutes later, the song ends. The station DJ makes no mention as to the name of the song. The song enters your head, and that's where it will remain, unnamed and untitled for the next five years.  I first blogged about this song back in November of 2000. And at that time I thought I was on the right track until something terrible happened...   Original Blog Date - 11/30/00   Since August I have had this song rattling around in my head. I heard the song on CD94.7, the classic rock station in the Chicago area. I don't know the name, I don't know the band that sings it, I don't even know any lyrics. I do know the tune and how the piano in it goes. That's all. So I made the active decision to listen to CD94.7 religiously until I heard that song and my quest would be completed with a quick dip into the Napster libraries. Well, last night something odd happened. CD94.7 was playing some 80's tunes, and I thought, "okay, they play blocks of some late 60's stuff, why not some 80's?" So today, I turn on 94.7 in my car and I'm horrified. They're still playing 80's tunes. I visit what WAS the CD94.7 homepage which is now the 94.7 THE ZONE homepage. I was suddenly numb. The one channel I knew for sure would eventually save me from this musical hell, was now gone. We already have an 80's station! Now we have NO classic rock, or not that I know of! ARG! The music gods have scorned me.   Months would pass and eventually come to February of 2001. The song reared it's ugly head again...   Original Blog Date - 01/31/01   Last night I heard that damn song again. This time however, I was able to get what I thought was the name of the song and of the band. I was in the car with Jeff on our way to see whatever movie (we saw "Anti-Trust," it wasn't too terrible) and on 94.7 (still The Zone) I heard it. The deejay said the song was "Not the Man You Think I Am" by Misunderstood. YES! I finally can get that song out of my head......right?  WRONG! I did an extensive search of Napster, CDNOW, and whatever search browser I could think of and "Not the Man You Think I Am" by Misunderstood did not exist anywhere. I tried different variations of the song title, I tried just switching the song title with the band name. Nothing. What's worse is that now I'm not even sure it was the right song that I heard and it is going to drive me nuts until I KNOW! ARG! The music gods have scorned me. Please help me.   Note: I did eventually find out that the non-existent song was "  Misunderstanding " by   Genesis  and no where near the song I was in search of. I couldn't win.  About two months ago, Connie and I had another encounter with this song and I thought I might finally have it. Connie was able to record the time the song played as well as the other songs that followed it on the playlist. So I promptly e-mailed whatever radio station had played  the song  and enclosed all the information I had. To this day, they still have not returned my e-mail. The search continued.  Last night, Connie and I were driving to dinner and I was flipping radio stations. Then, the song came back to me once again. This HAD to be the final battle and I needed to win. We stopped at Blockbuster (because I forgot to place the   Amelie  DVD back in the case when I returned it, der) and Connie kept watch on the song. When we finally got to dinner, the song ended. Then it was the moment of truth...  ...the DJ spit out the song title and the band and I was euphoric. I think I almost cried. The song was "  Fool In the Rain " by   Led Zeppelin . How lame did I feel? Regardless, we returned home and I immediately downloaded it from   Kazaa . It was like the weight of a planet had been removed from my shoulders. And now that I have that song, it will grace the end of every mixed CD I will ever make.  It took me five years to find. I think I can die happy now.