LE FABULEUX DESTIN D'AMLIE POULAIN   And somehow, that translates simply to "  Amelie " in American.  Last night,   Connie  and I rented the adventures of Amelie. We had been trying to catch the movie at one of our local   art houses , but failed repeatedly due to the sweet yet evil curse of apathy.   Blockbuster  (not sure why I linked that) had an abundance of them, probably due to the fact that people aren't patient enough to read subtitles anymore. That's a sad statement (so is the fact that more people went to see the brain dead   MIB2  than the potentially Oscar worthy   Road to Perdition ...you apes).  The first portion of the film does a hit and run feeding of background information about the childhood of Amelie. The beginning of this movie (gotta keep saying movie before   Kyle  rages) is probably both the funniest and saddest intro I've ever seen. We are shown the beginning of this little girl's life and the odd extremes that set her on way to becoming the Amelie of age twenty-three (the age she is for the duration of the film).  Basically, Amelie is the story of a girl who realizes that there is no better feeling in the world than helping others find some small piece of happiness. However her weakness is that she can't seem to help herself. As much as she tries to overcome her personality and behavior (that we were able to see form in the movie's beginning), Amelie falls back and hides herself away. I'll say no more.    Audrey Tautou  has these eyes and this face, that you can't ever hate (don't trust that imdb.com photo either, it's terrible). There's this doeful look that gives way to a character who has an imaginative brilliance underneath it all and a bigger heart underneath that. Tautou gives Amelie everything she needs for the audience to just love her and she intoxicates us so much that we feel bad when we see her flounder. Tautou also keeps us believing that she is twenty-three and that she is at an age where she understands clearly what needs to be taken seriously and what other things can be enjoyed. If I say any more about Audrey, Connie will kill me in a blind rage driven by jealousy.  The camera work is amazing, and it's even more amazing when you think that   Jean-Pierre Jeunet  also directed   Alien: Resurrection . He went from space war to love story, those wacky French. And for awhile, I had heard that this movie was a French   Alley McBeal  and in the end, this film was CERTAINLY not that. Jeunet has a chemistry with the vision of the movie. The camera angles, colors, contrasts, special effects all give the movie almost a living comic book feel, if that makes any sense. Jeunet just has a wonderful choreography to Amelie that is almost like "  Moulin Rogue " on handfuls of sedatives.  And everything above is complimented by a really good soundtrack. It's piano heavy, which personally I love, and in most scenes it's hidden in the background somewhere. I'm a believer that soundtracks are an important part to movies. Most movies can use them correctly, others can't. Amelie is a great example of how music can play on your feelings and enhance the feel of a movie.  Honestly, I hate writing movie reviews because I'm usually pretty bad at it. I think this was one of my worst since all I did was gush about the movie. I inject far too much of my own opinions, I usually feel like I have no idea what I'm talking about and I'm lucky if there is any organized thought. But if it makes any difference, I'm probably going to buy it on   DVD , and to me, that means it's certainly worth renting.  I'm pretty sure this review won't earn me a spot on the "balcony" with   Ebert  either.