WHAT'S WRONG WITH SAMMY SOSA?   This post is in regards to the comment chain on my post from August 13th. It was decided that I should post this for four reasons. First, it's relevant to the conversation. Second, it's long. Third, it let me change my picture. And finally,   Kyle  hates posts about baseball. Enjoy this Kyle.  1.)   Connie  was right about the "removing   Sosa " factor. You'd have to replace him with an imaginary "average" player like a   Gary Gaetti  and work the stats that way. Now, the   Cubs , I'm sure, would still be hurting without Sosa. There's not questioning that. And the Cubs clearly do not benefit from having him because when 20 of your 40 home runs are hit with no one on base, that's bad. The other batters in the line up need to step up and do their job by getting on base. If there had been just one other runner on base during those 20 home runs, that's another 40 runs that could have benefited the Cubs in many games.  2.) Sosa's refusal to take the steroid test, whether he's on the juice or not, was a pretty bad PR move, no question about that. Unless he's afraid of needless. To me, that was along the same lines as the child who tells you he washed his hands for dinner and then refuses to show them to you. Automatically, it's safe to assume that there is something wrong there. And he may not be on steroids, he might be taking some other form of muscle supplement that maybe he's not supposed to. And   Bruen  is right too when he says we can't accuse him because we have no proof, however his behavior leads us to believe that there is something strange going on.  3.) Sosa is a home run hitter. He's built like it (obviously) and everything about his swing demands it. It's almost like everything that isn't a home run, is an accident. His motion remains unchanged whether he hits a home run or hits a dribbling single. Everything about Sosa is swing for the fences. And there's nothing wrong with that...unless, we go back to my number one. And this year, Sammy is also low in strike outs. If he keeps on track this could be his best year in that category in six or seven years. Sammy just needs to take it easy on occasion, shift his weight and just get that single. There comes a point where home runs won't win games. It's just getting a base hit with runners in scoring position. Again though, Sammy is doing well in that category, again it seems to be the rest of the Cubs who aren't giving the run support.  4.) I am a strong supporter of the drug testing in the MLB. Primarily because it's a job. And if I have to occasionally drop drawer and piss in a cup to prove myself, they should too. It's all about the image that it gives off. These players are seen by millions of people daily and have direct influence on the lives of kids. It's interesting to see these kids yell at the players just so they'll wave. But when they see it's okay to use supplements of any kind, there's a better chance that the children will do it to. So begins the trend. If someone from the news came to my business and said there were employees doing drugs or supplements, the reactions to it might be the same (if we were of a more celebritized status). People who know I work for this imaginary company might make the assumption I'm doing drugs. That's the nature of the media beast. The players, whether they want it or not, have the responsibility of being a role model. And the least they can do is piss in a cup to show that they're clean. Also, it's these supplements that have forced that bar to be raised repeatedly. Every player wants to be bigger and stronger because every other player is getting bigger and stronger. I think this is because the home run makes you famous. Does anyone really care about   Randall Simon  because he's having the best year of his career? Can you imagine a 220lbs.   Ichiro ? Banzai.  5.) The entire focus of the Chicago Cubs organization is wrong. They love filling up those seats at any cost. Sammy Sosa is probably the MAIN baseball related reason that people attend games. Unfortunately a majority of ticket holders at games are there for the sole reason of getting drunk. I can't even tell you the last time I saw some one in the bleachers keeping score of the game, just keeping score with how many empty beer cups are stacked together. People go because there's a good chance they can say "I saw Sammy's home run," at the office water cooler the next day. The Cubs made some pretty poor player movement decisions in the off season and I only say that because I'm a believer in if-it-ain't-broke. I mean their pitching staff's ERA was one of the best in the MLB last year? Where are they now (Bere-what?) The Cubs brought aboard Moises Alou, who cost a lot and was hurt a lot. So far he's played 94 games this season and surprisingly squeezed 44 RBIs out of it. But the Cubs need more and they can't rely on aging-  Alou .   McGriff  has been a huge help to the Cubs line up and has had a pretty decent year. However, he's 39. Even Sammy is starting to get old, but he's in good shape it seems. All we hear about are stories from the farm system. Bru referred to fabled   Hee Seop Choi  (I think I spelled it wrong but he probably won't be reading this). I think that since the Cubs clearly won't be pulling up from this nosedive safely, that they should get on the phone and get some of these kids in their farm system up to touch the grass at Wrigley. Let them play a few weeks, get their feet wet, begin a chemistry with their big league brothers. They have an opportunity to switch some players around and see who might be a good addition to next years team. The Cubs ARE being more aggressive about people on rooftops and packing seats than they are with trying to win. They've passed up several opportunities to bring players to the club that would benefit them, and just sit back quietly. That seems to be the Chicago curse.  Overall though, I just don't believe that Sosa the premier player and the reason that the Cubs are surviving. I think the Cubs, if need be, could probably trade Sosa for a couple of players that would strengthen some of the holes in the line up. I don't think that Sosa plays for himself because he loves baseball ("Beisball has been berry berry good to me.") But on the other hand, when the Cubs suck, word starts spreading that he wants to jump ship. Grace stood neck high in water on that sinking ship for most of his career.  Like   Alison  says, "He'll probably be a Yankee in two years anyway."  And baseball is suffering all around. From players to the owners to the management and to the fans, the entire past time seems to be a disorganized mess.  Side note: Sammy should certainly never entertain the idea of a film career after appearing in the movies,    Kissing a Fool  ,    Hardball   and    On the Line  . Talk about bad PR...