I put on my tired old maroon roller-hockey shirt tonight.  Something clicked though, I put it on and I began thinking about the days when I wore it for a reason.  That shirt is almost six years old I think and she's on the way out.  She's paper thin and holes are beginning to show.  That makes me feel bad and I'm not sure why, it's just a stupid shirt right?  I really miss that, senior year playing hockey.  I mean I'm nothing spectacular, although I've never had the chance to play against anyone that would really test me.  Wow, that was full of ego.  I miss the Thursday night with Brad Lash, and Meena Kim and her brother Eddie.  I miss the scrubs like Tobey and the hotshots like Justin.  I even miss watching Ed clip people skating across his crease with his stick.  I miss yelling and being an unspoken captain.  I miss competing at something I'm good at.  I miss watching that ball drop and fighting for that goal.  GOD.  The smell of the Mundelien roller rink, the scratching of the velcro on the shin pads against my calves, the quater-sized blisters on the inside arches of my feet.  All of it, I miss all of it.  The energy, the pain, the people, the fun.  I'd give anything to be involved again.  And I'm sure there are places I can go, sign up for a league, meet new people, but that gets back to me questioning my skills.  Listening to that hockey stick slap the ground and watching that ball just rocket.  I miss doing something I loved.  Sure, the team I was on lost...badly...alot, but they were cool kids, all of them gone from my life.  I want to be out there again, skating hard, ignoring the burning and cramping from my leges, fighting the killer ache in me side and finally finding that point where the pain quiets and you play.  You play so God damn hard that you don't exist anymore.  It's you and that little orange ball and you just go.  I need hockey.  It's such a rush for me.  Like I said, I'll never be a Gretzky, but man, I've had some moments that are stuck in my head like an image burned on a projection tv that drive me when i play.  blood and sweat.  blood and sweat.  you have to do it to win.  and to win you must compete.    UGH.  Chalk this up to more things I'll rave about but never do...