WHAT DO WE DO NOW?   Yesterday,   Alison  posed an interesting question...    Alison:   "I wonder if we're going to get September 11th off."  Now before you start filling her mailbox with angry "you hate America" mail, Alison's question is raised because her apartment is only a few blocks away from a clear view to where the World Trade Center once stood. Alison was in New York City that day and saw the aftermath. She's living and working in a city, where one year later, the events of that day are probably still echoing around the streets of the city.  So what do we do now?  How do we remember and mourn the events that occurred on September 11th? And we must remember that it was not only in New York City, but also in Pennsylvania and at the Pentagon. Do we mourn or do we just take this in stride? I'm sure there will be the moment of silence tributes. I'm sure there will be more than enough television coverage. I'm sure we'll all have to relive that footage of the smoking towers over and over and over...  But that's all clearly not enough. So should there be a day off on September 11th? To me, the answer is both yes and no. In New York, Pennsylvania, and Washington D.C., I think the answer is clearly yes. The people of those areas saw and survived the most disgusting act to take place on American soil. New York is still rebuilding and I believe the Pentagon is also. The scars are still visible. Give those people the day to get away from things and just stand back to reflect and remember. Give them the day to return to the footprints of the Trade Center and pay their respects.  As for the rest of us, while we still felt the effects, we weren't there. We stood behind televisions, we stood with ears to the radio, but we did not stand in those streets. Out here, to have the day off for most people would probably be just another day off. In the back of our minds we'd remember why we weren't stuck at computers all day, but I'm not so sure that the day would be used appropriately. It's a lot easier to forget the point when you're out and away from TV and media. It would be too disrespectful to say, "Yeah, since we don't have work tomorrow I'm going to go run some errands and pick up my dry cleaning."  And then there's academic America. What do we do with the millions of kids? Of course, if you ask the question, "Should there be school on September 11th, 2002?" I have a feeling that at least 90% of those attending school (I'm including everyone from pre-school to college), would say no. But to me, wouldn't it make more sense to keep kids in school and teach them about this in a history class or just have an open discussion about it? There was so much to learn about with September 11th, everything from how our government works, to our military and all the way to topics like diversity and racism. I think there is a much greater benefit to keeping the kids in school for that one day, than there is to let them go run about not understanding what it was that let them have a day off.  Right now, the company I work for is not granting us a day off for September 11th, and that's fine with me. However I have a feeling that too many people will be using it as an excuse to take a day off. I can understand that friends and families of victims would take that day to do what they had to. But honestly, we can all think of that one man or woman in our area where we work that would pull the, "I'm too sad to work" line only to go home and wash their pick-up truck.  So what do we do now? We've all seen the plans devised by the architects that are going to turn the WTC land into an office complex/memorial, which is good an bad. Good because we're marking a spot where something happened and needs to be remembered, bad because the value of the land seems to take precedence over the point of a memorial. There will probably be debate for years to come about what we should do about all of this, but the bottom line is that no matter what it is, it has to be done with such careful respect. Thousands of innocent people died that day, that doesn't give you the right to go pay bills, wash your car and sit out in the sun.    Alison:   "But I can still remember like it was yesterday, looking at the buildings across the river, and as the wind shifted seeing the outline of the airplane in the side of the building."