MICHAEL RAPAPORT, ACTOR: ANSWERS THE FRIDAY FIVE     1. What are your favorite ways to relax and unwind?    Yo, first of all, lemme give a shout out to some of my boys in Brooklyn. Haha, give it up for my posse. Man, I got a lotta ways that I like to relax and kick it. First and foremost, I like to play basketball. Man I LOVE hoopin' it up. Second, I just love to wonder around New York City. It's like, people see me and even though I'm a big star and all, they just leave me alone. It's nice because they're not all up in my business. Oh, and I also like to watch some of my own movies. Man I love   Palmetto .   Elisabeth Shue  was SMOKIN' in that movie. Yo! Elisabeth! Call me!    2. What do you do the moment you get home from work/school/errands?    The first thing I do is check my answering machine to see if my agent called me about any new work. I mean who plays an under-educated New York, Irish punk better then Mike Rapaport? I think nobody. My agent says I'm "typecast." Whatevah that means. I mean did you see me in   Palmetto , baby? That s*** ain't got nothin' to do with New York.    3. What are your favorite aromatherapeutic smells?    Aroma-what-ic? Man, that's a whack word. Hey, you ever see   Metro  with me and my boy,   Eddie Murphy ? Yo, that move was hot. Oh man, I haven't talked to Eddie in awhile either. Yo! Eddie! Call me!    4. Do you feel more relaxed with a group of friends or hanging out by yourself?    Yo, I'm totally more comfortable when I've got my posse. Like when we were filming   Palmetto , I used have two or three people hanging around me at a time! That's huge! I'm not really sure who they were, but yo, stranger people! Call me! We'll hook up and watch   Palmetto  for old time's sake.    5. What is something that you feel is relaxing but most people don't?    Bam, first thing that comes to mind...playing the part of a under-educated New York, Irish punk. I mean, it's like it almost comes natural to me. And I love doing it so much that I try to add a little Big Apple Mick to every role I play. There are parts in my movies when I try to slip that bit in. Like you never see it coming when I do it in   Palmetto  and   Metro . I just slide it in there. What's the next question? What? What do you mean "no more?" That's whack! Hey, call me!   That was   Michael Rapaport . We all need   heroes . Do your own   Friday Five .