BILLY ZANE, ACTOR: ANSWERS THE FRIDAY FIVE     1. Would you say that you're good at keeping in touch with people?    I'd say I, Billy Zane, am excellent in keeping touch with people. I'm proud to say that I keep in fantastic communication with my two friends. But forget that, let's talk about my blockbuster smash,   The Phantom .    2. Let's not. Which communication method do you usually prefer/use: e-mail, telephone, snail mail, blog comments, or meeting in person? Why?    Meeting in person is certainly my favorite way of communication, especially when it's with the ladies. I also prefer telepathic communication, just like the Phantom used in my movie,   The Phantom , to communicate with my glistening white steed. I can't even begin to explain to you how much   The Phantom  impressed me. It was probably my strongest role since   Back to the Future  when I stood around and said nothing.    3. Do you have an instant messenger program? How many? Why/why not? How often do you use it?    The only instant messenger program I have is called instinct, that's a little something I learned while training for   The Phantom . I mean the entire basis of the movie was man versus nature and how the power of nature, or three magic skulls, should not be abused by man.  This is what   The Phantom  was sworn to protect.    4. Do most of your close friends live nearby or far away?    They seem to live very far away. I think after the success of   The Phantom , they were a little worried about being in the spotlight. I mean it took it's toll on me. When a movie is that well done and that well written, the spotlight comes in brighter than ever. I think a lot of the people that worked on   The Phantom  are still to this date hiding away from the spotlight. I mean, look at   Kristy Swanson , she hasn't been able to do a movie that came anywhere near the caliber of   The Phantom .    5. Are you an "out of sight, out of mind" person, or do you believe that "distance makes the heart grow fonder"?    Oh, for me, I'm completely the "out of sight" type. I put such disasters as   Tombstone  and   Titanic  behind me, because those are the types of movies that destroy an actor's career. But movies like   The Phantom  will make you a film legend. Just remember my credo..."W.W.T.P.D?" or, "What would   The Phantom  do?"   Thank you   Billy Zane . Go get a job. Do your own   Friday Five .   Author's Note:  In addendum to last week's "Friday Five" with Christopher Walken, I have post "  Can Tag: The Movie " featuring Mr. Walken. Modem users, forget about it...it's 11MB.