CHRISTOPHER WALKEN, GOD: ANSWERS THE FRIDAY 5     1. What was/is your favorite subject in school? Why?    My favorite class,  subject , in school was one that challenged both mind and soul. There is a deep fondness in my heart for,  Geography . I mean, you get to see the  world , learn of strange places, see  magnificent  places that you would never get to see. Then I became an actor, and I could visit these places I learned of. For   Sleepy Hollow , we went to England. Do you have  any  idea where England is? It's somewhere to the East, very far.    2. Who was your favorite teacher? Why?    My  favorite  teacher was the  bombshell  Ms. Valentino in my 5th grade math class, a  bombshell . But truly, the  greatest  teacher, is life,  experience . If you want to  learn  how to build a house, build a house. Don't ask  anybody , just build a house. I mean look at the character   Max Shreck , I don't think he learned anything.    3. What is your favorite memory of school?    My  favorite  memory from school, ah this is brilliant. One  time , in the 4th grade, Billy  Jacobs  and myself were having a classic showdown in the contest of  marbles . Do kids play,  marbles , anymore? Anyway, the  young  Mr. Jacobs came out to the be victor of the challenge. So the night I rode my bike to his house, I  pithed  the family tabby and wrapped it in an empty  marble  bag. It had to be done, do you understand? Had to be done.    4. What was your favorite recess game?    Oh recess. That was the time when the boys could be  boys . Around recess time, some of the older neighborhood boys would come to the  playground . They taught us  games , like, "Ditch the Pigs," "Sell the  dope ," and my  favorite , "Gang  Initiation  Beating." Very exciting that game. Once, when I was a 5th  grader , I kicked a 2nd grader within a inch of his life. Very exciting. To this day, I don't think he found all his teeth.    5. What did you hate most about school?    I  loathed  the other children. Their nice clothes, fancy shoes, I hated their  laughing . I  hate  the laughing...   Mr.   Christopher Walken  everyone. Do your own   Friday Five .