KHAN, ANGRY SPACE GUY: ANSWERS THE FRIDAY FIVE     1. What is your biggest pet peeve? Why?    My biggest pet peeve would surely be that blasted Captain James T. Kirk. We have quite a history you know. That bastard had me exiled to a desolate planet, then I tried to kill him. Oh, and I  LOATHE  screaming babies in restaurants. Come on, I almost defeated the flagship of Starfleet, how hard can it be to control your kids?    2. What irritating habits do you have?    Gee, I don't know. I'd say my temper. And some people have told me when I'm angry, I get to dramatic. Apparently at sometime I yelled out, "From hell's heart, I stab at thee. For hate's sake, I spit my last breath at thee." Honestly, I don't even know what that means. And then there's the hostile take over of planets, my hatred of select individuals, and I chew with my mouth open.    3. Have you tried to change the irritating habits or just let them be?    Yes I have, on several occasions. But no matter what, I just find myself chewing away, mouth WIDE open. It's terrible, I think people lose respect for me because of it. I also tried yelling, "I'm going to KICK your ASS!" when I was upset. However there's something lost in the message there.    4. What grosses you out more than anything else? Why?    I do this thing with these worm-like creatures, where I put them in someone's ear and they allow me to then control my victim's minds. That's not gross, however the clean up AFTER the worms exit is the NASTIEST s*** you have ever seen. It's all gray and slimy and if you get it on your clothes, that crap doesn't wash out. It's just gross.    5. What one thing can you never see yourself doing that other people do?    Well there's that whole obeying authority thing, but other than that, I'd have to say...dance clubs. The thumping music, the flashing lights, the grinding pelvis'. Oh man, that kind of stuff is totally not for a guy like me. Someone would probably make me spill my beer and the next thing you know, I'm miles above Earth getting ready to photon torpedo the joint. I'll steer clear of those places.   Khan is from   Wrath of Khan . Do your own   Friday Five .