SOME 3650 DAYS LATER   So last week,   Mac  e-mailed me with a web page category question, and the conversation eventually came to the topic of our ten year reunion.  In just about three months, the graduating class of   Libertyville High School ,   class of 1996 , will be getting some form of strange invite from some small faction of our class that has been eagerly anticipating this day since we got our diplomas. What's even sadder perhaps is the fact that I can picture some of them, still donning their LHS orange and black cheerleading outfits, huddled around a table going, "Eew, do we have to invite him/her/them?"  Am I alone in thinking that ten year reunions aren't what they used to be? I'm sure that back in the day, people had reunions because they didn't have the extensive abilities to communicate with each other like we do today. They had the long lost art of the post office. I'm sure in the 40's and 50's, I would have lost contact with Kyle or   Bruen  or   Jeff . But now they're just an e-mail away so I don't need a reunion to catch up with them. The entire nature of the reunion has changed. It ends up being one of those "life reminders" like weddings* and babies*, where you sit back and mumble, "Jesus, I'm getting old."  Now it seems like the reunions are almost there as a comparison of status. "What have you done in ten years?" I know my personal story isn't that great and sometimes I'm pretty embarrassed by it. I should have been doing better things by now, but that's a whole different rant. Regardless, there's always that feeling of underachievement that will bind itself to the ten year reunion with me. And maybe it isn't so much that I dislike comparing myself to other classmates, than it is realizing that I'm way off my path. Ugh.  Anyway, for the same reasons I loathe seeing people I graduated with in public, I loathe the idea of going to the ten year reunion. The fact that we have to replay the last ten years of our lives over and over and over and over and over. I mean 99% of the people that I graduated with, I haven't kept in touch with...for a reason (does anyone really know where Phil Erisman went?). If I haven't talked to you in ten years, what makes you think I want to talk to you now? I can hear   Kyle  giving me his "burning bridges" speech again after this. What's the appeal in trying to talk to people that I barely had anything in common with for four years, and then trying to do it again ten years later?  It kind makes me think of prom. People getting together, listening to the trendy music of the time. You know we're going to listen to endless Pearl Jam tracks sprinkled with the one hit wonders of the day. Everyone probably dressed real nice to impress the others and then within an hour, all those little high school "cliques" come back and people separate. But I never went to prom.  I told Mac that the chances of me attending the ten year were pretty slim, and if we were to go, we'd be going in a certain   style  and I would most likely be packing "heat." My bundle of friends seem undecided right now, but I'm pretty sure most of us will have reasons not to go. I guess I still have three years to make myself feel worthy of attending the reunion so don't cross me off the list just yet.  [ Talking to his psychiatrist about his high school reunion .]   Marty:  They all have husbands and wives and children and houses and dogs, and, you know, they've all made themselves a part of something and they can talk about what they do. What am I gonna say? "I killed the president of Paraguay with a fork. How've you been?"  * Note related to weddings: At the recent   Bruma wedding , they played   Peter Gabriel's , "In Your Eyes." Kyle and Sarah had a conversation worth recording.   Sarah:  I like this song.  Kyle:  I like it a lot too.  Sarah:  You should, it was our wedding song, you f***.  Sweet bliss.