KNOWLEDGE IS POWER   Or at least it  should  be, right? I mean logically, those individuals who know more about the universe and its workings should be nested proudly above the rest of us on the brain-chain and we should simply be awed by their wisdom. But somewhere along the trail of history, someone in corporate America said, "Screw that, it's how long you've been somewhere that makes you a leader."  Well...that's pretty much bullshit.  I work in an area, surrounded by PhDs and Mds who have been schooled by some of the most prestigious universities the United States has to offer. I think there are even some have to gone to universities outside of this country. There are people here who know medical and chemical science like it's everyday conversation, how the body works or how many hydrobonds (if there is such a thing) hold the world together. Regardless, a majority of the employees in this area have proved themselves degree-worthy at some pretty high levels.  Now in my mind, these people should clearly be higher in the corporate food chain than myself, a two-year community college grad (it took me six years to do that, mind you). And by all means, they also deserve the higher levels of pay, right? You know more, you get paid more, you go farther in the company. Makes sense to me, that's the way the business beast works.  But if this is the case, that the smarter people are paid more and are "higher ranked," then why do I deal with the following scenario on a daily basis?   Dr.:  Dave, if you have a moment, could you please come help me with a computer problem?  Dave:  [ knowing FULL well he should say he's busy ] Sure.  Dr.:  Okay, I keep clicking print, but nothing is printing.  Dave:  [ noticing the blinking green light on the printer immediately ] You're out of paper.  Of course the Dr. lets out the "oh silly me" laugh and I go back to my desk knowing full well that this person makes somewhere in the six-figure range, while I scrape by in the low $20,000 area.  Technology is the ultimate weakness of 90% of upper management around here and that makes me wonder if it's the same all over America. I've saved countless e-mails, spreadsheets and presentations from hands of "Dr. Techno-Challenged" and for what? So I can proudly be the bottom of the food chain? The guy over there who could probably do open heart surgery on a lunch table with a spork, is rendered a complete idiot when it comes to replacing a printer toner cartridge. Why is that? The vice president who has to present the annual figures of the department to the head of the company can't figure out how to make his font color yellow. It awes me.  We of course do have the standard "information systems" (the IS people) area which is just a nice way of saying, "high paid geeks," and they of course could assist in all the areas I assist with. But in our company, each division acts like it's own business. For the IS people to come out and install a program on your PC, it costs $50. WHAT!? $50 for some chimp to put a CD in, click okay and watch it for three minutes? What is THAT about? I'm the savior. I save the people here that $50 every time they need something installed or moved or setup. I've probably saved thousands of dollars. Yet, no one really cares.  Web design and graphic design are also handled by other departments and both come at a HUGE price. So they come to me. I make a web page, I make a conference logo. Does anyone care that I just saved probably $3,000? Nope.  I think I'm getting away from my point, I apologize. Knowledge isn't power anymore. No one cares what you know, just how long you've been doing it. It's probably safe to say that most college grads actually know more than the people who have been around for 15 to 20 years, but it's experience. Experience is power. No one cares of you can delete the entire contents of a corporate division's shared drive, they just care if you've been around ten years.  You could be the all knowing Christ, but if you've only been with the company for two years, sit there and shut up.