...I'm sorry, I must be in shock. I'm watching Top of the Pops for raisons unknown. (Very big raisins) First I watched this guy in a cilt *whatever*...a gold one prancing about with bimbo's in the backround singing "it's alright to be my mate" or something. He then added "I want to get drunk here with you" which I was not very impressed by. The crappy producers at totp the continued their crappy run by calling Ash rock. Now I'm watching two people dressed in white rolling on the floor...Which brings me to the question  WHAT ON EARTH IS HAPPENING TO EVERY ONE?  Have you all gone hollow in the head or something?! I like rock ok, rock as in THE GOOD MUSIC oh and ska. I haven't met one person who can honestly say they don't like ska. And this crappy music you call 'disco' music, I ask, what is the point? Why do we want to see boys prancing round in stupid costumes 'dancing?' Why? Now we have a load of pop people pretending to be like rock on. Get a life. I mean the bimbos in the backround of that song. Really, is our society so slow that all we have on the tv are bimbo's. Let's have a news flash. News: four girls found in Nailsea, big news, NOT BIMBO'S OR SLUTS!!! Isn't that fab? Then singing about drinking and how cool it is. Do these people care? No. All they care is that they get our money. Why listen to music that makes you think that to be normal you have to be this: | thin and look like a modle, throw yourselves at men and drink and smoke to look 'cool'? Please...NOOO! Oh God, they made a song about Sven Erikson *sigh* now this is the stuff that makes you embarasssed to be British...not that I am err...*cough* Yet again we have the bimbo's, and these people who can't even sing. Then they have these 'thugs' they stereotype men as 'thugs' and women as 'bimbos' I HATE THAT! WHY DO WE ALL HAVE TO BE NORMAL ANYWAY? I say stuff that, be yourself, be individual oh and if you see Eminem KILL HIM! Sorry about this moral blabing, I must be in a bad mood or something! Have a nice day.