Wow Laura's on! *que cheer* I'm talking to Kat! Yeay! *que other cheer* Oh and sorry about not coming on yesterday but my mean brother was on! Send hate mail to... nah, I'm not that mean...hehe. Ahh well, she went. Hmm I think I have a blocked bug *passes it to Izzy...gets it back because Izzy already has it* Oh and I don't know what's up with the *'s! Never mind Katie, we all know that you need help. Fun fun fun walking home yesterday! Hehe, well firstly I got my trousers on back to front after pe (go on, have a good laugh then) and you know the crease you get at the front? Well it was sticking into my bum, now trying to cover this up I was overly swinging my boot bag and I think I had my umbrella up and was kind of being blown away. I was talking to this girl next to me about being blown away and kind of doing the stupid things you do when I realise she hadn't even noticed me. So I got blown away, looking and walking like a idiot. (Life's cruel) Oh deary me. Any way today I walked home again! WOW! And err, it was fun! I walked with these people for a bit, then stampeeded off on my own. But I got to a point when this boy-I-know's-sister was walking in front of me. I mean slower than a snail walking. She's a bit queer actually. She had a habit of getting to a point then running along for a bit (?) crazy if you ask me...Maybe she was chasing an invisable raisin that had got away? She looked really stupid because she was carrying her bag on her shoulders with her hands (try to understand) and flaling her legs this way and that and her bag kept swinging and hitting her. Thus making her look more like a monkey than a...monkey! Hehe, actually I think she was a bit gone in the head, and we all know about that don't we  Izzy and Laura  I'm a bit scared about Friday because, get this Laura I HAVE TO WALK TO SCHOOL!  shock shock horror horror!  I'm sorry, I just like using the italic and bold things! Wow, we're thinking of having a Halloween sleep over! Laura and me are going as witches! Wow! Izzy's going as an alien *no comment otherwise I'll get told off! ;)) And it's gonna be fun! Or at least I think it is...oh well.  Oh geepers! Neighbours is gonna be on in half an hour! Wow, hmm, is it better than Eastenders...? (Sorry to end on that boring question but my brains frizzled out with piano work and it's not bothered to think of anything else to say!)