  I took off the Comment thing because all of them said Comment [0] which was kind of depressing in a way... Kind of woke me up to the fact that i am talking to myself and no one is actually seeing this, just nice to think that they are. I guess my computer's having fun viewing it... *cough* Erm...hmm oh oops dang darn it! Sorry, just seeing if you were half asleep yet. It would be kind of freaky to get a e-mail though, cause I ramble on about how my life is and it would be some one commenting on my life (I'm not sure I'd like that) but in the other hand it would be awkward (is that how you spell it?) cause they would kind of 'know' you and you wouldn't have the foggiest who they were. (I love that saying, it's like jumped the gun, what does that mean any way?) They would relate to your situation, but you wouldn't know what situation they were in. Quite sad actually, I have no fellow blog friends, all the ones I've recently seen are people saying mean things at you, and the others are people rambling on about how they're life is the worst in the world and I don't really want to know about that. Other people are trying to be all cool, but frankly my darling I don't give a damn how much alcohol they drank or how popular they are. (Who does any way?) What a sad sadistic life. (What does sadistic mean?) Umm...any way, I'll just go on pretending to use the clever words...shut up head... Oh dear, my Dad made us all a curry, I think it just hit my stomach...eugh... (How do you spell stomach/stoumach?) Hmm. Oh and I have a ulser (whatever) right by my tooth and it rubs and hurts....ARRGH! I've become one of those sad people I was talking about! (Well at least I'm not Izzy) Have fun, meer mortals...Muhahahaaa! :[ And no, I haven't been drinking, or taking stuff, it's only minstrels that do that to me... and no, minstrels isn't a drug, it's a chocolate...mmm. I'm off to find interesting blogs...mail me if you find one! Hehe, that's notyetcracked@hotmail.com for all you people who are like me and don't use the thing that pops up when you click on that...of course everyone knows what I'm talking about, I guess I do live in my own world (lucky us)