hello! sorry i haven't been on for ages, but I have a really good excuse, i mean - er, reason... Well - I was sitting in the garden on a warm, snowy morning, and having a cup of tea with my friend purple fly. The tea wasn't very nice because it had been made by....the....ok i can't think of anything catchy, oh well, where was I? oh yeah I'm about to get to the part where I think of something really good that happens and get to type SUDDENLY (you all know that by now). yeah so - SUDDENLY a big fish  (fish, Izzy?)  yes, a fish, -sprang out from the bushes and grabbed our tea and held it for a ransom of 21 peanuts!  SO as you can imagine I was very upset.  (er- I thought you said you didn't like the tea, izzy)  You again? Stop trying to be clever! ( but you said  -) Oh fine! I didn't like the tea, but I liked the tea cups, they were given to me from a holy melon in Peru. ( So he took the cups too ?) Yes he took the cups!  (ok then .) Right! can I get on with my excuse, i mean- reason now please? Thankyou!  SO as i was saying... This fish was wearing an extremely dodgey-looking hat, it was bright yellow with little pictures of Mr.Kelly on it with flashing red eyes! The sight of it made me stagger around in a daze, and i fell backwards into a conveeniently  (you spelt conveniently wrong)  shut up! - a  conveniently  placed hole. I fll down and down, and landed ON (wait for it) the PURPLE FLAVOURED WOMBLE BENCH! It was quite uncomfortable, but i didn't mind, as long as I was away from the hat with grinning Mr.Kelly on it. The Purple Flavoured Womble bench was most startled and woke up with a startlingly startled start. "nvoshgatuyakgmnajghal!" it said. I recognized this language immedeately! It was the language of the All-seeing Pink Moose! I don't really know what it said, but it seemed pretty angry because smoke began to billow from it's ears! SO i know what you're all thinking now! - What happened to th Purple Fly? ( no, I wasn't thinking that actually ) that's not the point! Well, because the fish with the bright yellow hat with the mr.Kelly heads on and the flashing eyes saw that i wasn't too upset about the loss of my Puruian Tea Set, he decided to hold Mr Purple Fly for ransom too!  (But uh... I thought you said you were angry about the-)  Well i stopped being angry by then! And he demeded 23 penuts!! ( What can a fish do with penuts? Fish don't eat penuts .) Well this is a peanut-eating fish. ( And how come the fly is purple?)  Well-  (And since when do fish live in bushes?) Uh- (And they don't wear hats, or demand penuts or-)  Well FINE! YOU THINK OF A GOOD STORY YOU SHALLOW MINDED OLD POO WITH NO IMAGINATION OR UNDERSTANDING OF PEOPLE'S IDEAS!!! YOU SELF OBSESSED LITTLE STUPID SMELLY POOEY OLD SMELLY OLD FART!!! I've just thrown a load of abuse at an imaginary person. Cool. I should do that every day.