You're Yuna. You're hardworking and honest, and also a little naive. You can easily be lied to, but in the end your friends will look out for you. Kind and loving you'd never hurt a fly. You'd be willing to do anything to help others, even if it means some personal sacrafices for you.      Which Final Fantasy X Character would YOU be? Take the  test .    Heey! So yeah, we've talked about Pob about five zillion times! Yeah I get that scare other people thing. It's cool on Msn cause if you don't know what to say to them you just scare them and they block you and that embarrassing silence is delt with! (Learn from the master!) Oh dear...I just found a site about Commander Keen!   http://www.geocities.com/TimeSquarePortal/5308/  Random addy aye? I think you know when you're going mad when you start talking about Commander Keen and Pob! ...It wasn't me! So are people actually scared of us or just laughing at our wierd ideas. I get scared by myself when...OH GOD THE LEFT THE CATS WITH MY CHOCOLATE BAR! Eeek! No that doesn't scare me...well, it does now! I better go rescue it. If I come back with half a arm and teeth marks around the wound it was Mango! Ahh! Saved! Oh that's great Laura, use paragraphs when you don't need them! Hehe. Any way I was looking at this website that said about what Blogging is. I think it makes you think deeper into things because what I type is what's going through my head but you concentrate on it more. It also helps you realise that every one else thinks the same stuff (you'll probably lose me some times but that's ok, I'm just queer) Ooook so on this Commander Keen website they've got a bit called 'Aliens Ate my Babysitter'. Ehe. Ahh....Freak out! Sorry, it's that really bad song from the 70's. Don't you love that " Shiver my timbers shiver my soul. Yo ho e ho!  song! It rules! It was the opening song on Muppet Treasure Island (don't ask how I remember that!) Oh check out   http://www.muppetworld.com/  if you really wanna get into Cabin Feaver! (Trust me I tried to spell that four times and that looks like the best one!) Ahh. Thought for the day. Or thought of my life! I'm happy with who I am and where I am.