Sorry about my lack of blogs everyone, but I fell down a hole (you knew that was coming didnt you?) and uh.. into a crate full of um... pillows! yes! no - aromatherapy pillows! So, naturally, I fell asleep, blissfully unaware that the crate of aromatherapy pillows was to be shipped over to america and given to the astronaughts at NASA who needed special aromatherapy pillows to help them sleep while aboard their top secret mission to an un-charted planet billions of lightyears outside our solar system. Always the way isn't it?  Anyway, I awoke to find myself still inside the crate of aromatherapy pillows (ylang and sandalwood incase you were wondering) but i was no longer down the hole, i was crammed into a tiny closet inside a NASA spaceshuttle, and I realised that I must ecape from this unfortunate predicament before the astronaughts started to feel sleepy and in need of a ylang and sandalwood aromatherapy pillow! So I pulled out my handy little pocket-crowbar that i keep inside my sock and forced the door open.  But OH NO! (come on everyone, gasp like you mean it) aliens had taken over the space shuttle! They were purple and scary and had wooden spoons for ears! (oh no, not wooden spoons!) The crew were struggling to fend off these fowl creatures, but their superior NASA technology was no match for wooden spoons!   So I called on my good old trusty friend..... Magical Mucticoloured Moose! "Help us, Moosey!" I cried, walloping one of the aliens with an aromatherapy pillow, "The evil purple wooden-spoon aliens are trying to take over our space shuttle! If we let them, they will rule the world!" (Uh, how exactly does taking over the space shuttle give the aliens global dictatorship?) Er, carrying on...  "Never fear my little friend!" Said Magical Multicoloured Moose proudly, "For I have a cunning plan...." "Is it as cunning as a-" "Oh skip the routine!" Said Moosey,  and pulled  two multicloured space-hoppers out of his magical pink and green spotted top hat. "Quick, " he said, tossing me one and tossing his superman cape over his shoulder (superman cape???) "Throw it at the one with spoons for ears!" the fact that both aliens had spoons for ears made little difference.  The space-hoppers bounced abruptly off the aliens heads, and the aliends stopped trying to disembowel this shuttle commander and turned to look, in awe at these amazing multicoloured space hoppers.  And the Aliens played on the space hoppers all day long until it was time to go home for tea and me and moose and the crew all went home and we saved the world, the end.