Hey guys, sorry I'm havin a really need to express imaginative ideas time, hmm, guess all that supression in art classes at school didn't do the trick. (Hmm...) We just watched Amelie, (or however you spell it) it's really good! Hehe, it's funny, but Laura had to fast forward through a bit of it. I realised some thing, people day dream wildly like me too. I mean, I seriously day dream, when i site there not saying any thing and kind of staring, I'm day dreaming, either that or I'm doing some serious thinking (probably about what to drink when I get home from school). Okay, so my life's boring, but it's fun to think "Wow I'm going to (fill in the gap)" today, it makes life a bit more livable and also it makes the day go faster :) But when have you done that thing that you've wanted to do, when does the point in your life come when you have nothing to look at and think "Wow, I'm going to do that" sorry, no clever answers today, because I haven't got any. Guess I'll just have to find out myself. Hmm, maybe it's called a mid-life crisis, personally I think it should be called a demi-semi-life crisis because it's sounds so much cooler and less like you're going round the bend. (Actually it sounds more, but I'm happy knowing that I'm right). Aren't we all? Huh, that didn't make sense at all! Oh well, guess that's what thinking to yourself is all about. Some one said that you know when you're mad when you start talking to yourself, so that means I'm about a mile past mad, but what happens when you start listening to other people talking to themselves? That's gotta deserve psychiatric treatment, but I guess that's what you're doing now, after all this is me, talking to myself, or it could be me talking to a white box. Yeah, I do think to much... guess I'm trying to jump start your moral and confusing thought drive, though I think it was probably jump started when you clicked on the link to get here. Welcome to my pink heaven. Where no one needs to know how to spell, and evey one day dreams themself to sleep. :) Wow, I actually managed to scare myself, guess I'm going a little bit too wierd, have fun every one and don't forget to shine!