I'm in ^.^ Anyway, for those that don't now meI'm Vinnie, aka Valvados (Angel Flare.) Don't woz I won't share the URL out with lame fux0rs that will ruin the show! Anyway down to biz... Considering I'm new here I'll introduce meself.  Name: Valvados Rank: Angl Flare Hair: Brownish Age: 14 Author: Jane Austin TV: UK Horizons (call me lame) Friends (online) Indy, Maiji, Serendipity, Beramode, Squinky, Cefc, Beatriz, Rinoa, San, GunBlade. Friends (phs) Me, Phil, Paul, Danny, Tim, Shane, Pete, Bert, Chris, Cooper, Robie, Rachel, Beki, Charl, Izz, Luara, Kess, Kati Jones, Kati Williams, Sami K, David Davey, David Greening (in maths XD) Emma, Chris Benson, Dan F(Sort of) Aimme Bevan, Nina Laten, and thats it ^_^ Ah, I suppose Lynne as well, If you want be my friend??? pls XD Hangs: FFOnline, Seripha, Le MondeDu Spam, Just Keep me Sane, MSN, Eyes on Tennis, BWG Boards etc etc Likes: Manga, anime, tennis, internet, webdesign, girls, food, tv and more. Peeve: Dishonesty, liars, thieves, annoying people and rainy days O.o  So thee you hve it, Me! Good old borng m! ^.^  ----------  Hey Kez, I can get you a better messageboard, powered by vBulletin (check my site, www.eyesontennis.com.forums) and you'll see the software. Remember to give me the url if you get one XD  I had such a cool time at tennis today! Although when I got there, I was a little sad because I justwasn't flowing and the ball was going everywhere, damn... After a while, however, I built myself up and started to blast back shots for winners! *Is very happy* My picture is in the seond to the back page in the Mecury which is SOOO cool, check it, although the oppositon failed to turnup and we didn't get a match, fame is fame!  Why does school suck so much? That move in RE was so dull I thought I was literally going to die! *Isn't joking* and it was all in Italian : ( Science was a BORE and now we hae this damn experiement to complete tommorw for this key assesment thingy. Great, nothing can get better (without me and Paul trying not laugh at everything remontely funny.) Part from that, I is happy XD  M first post *Is emotional* Gosh, this place is l33t, expect me back soon! XD  Oh yea PS, I have Kes's hotmail but whats Izzy's, Beki's, Ginney Pig's and Lauras? Thanks so much.  : ) - Valvados Angel Flare