Oh well, blogger lost my last post. :( *sniff sniff* It was a moral rambling one! Hmm, maybe it saw how rubbish it was and decided not to put it on? Brr, my house is like an igloo. Coooold! We've got a guy here fitting electrics in our kitchen. No, we're not stuck in the ice age, he's changing the sockets round to different locations or something... He's making a lot of funny noises though! Guess we'll walk in and have a wall ripped out or some thing. Well maybe that's why my house is cold! Maybe it's me... Maybe it's the fact that the kittens have gone to a kitten hotel for three whole days! Maybe it's the fact that I talk to much. Hmm. Well I finished reading The Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood. I love that book! It's really good, but now I've got nothing to do... :( Hmm... take over the world? Nah, too old fashioned. Make you want to pull your hair out because of boredom? Now that's living! Why don't I get any interesting e-mails? Maybe it's because I'm so interesting that no e-mail can out-interest me! Maybe it's because I say maybe too much... Maybe it's because I think too much. Ooh fun fun fun! Tonight we're having fish and chips! Mmm, yummy! Sorry, that popped into my head. It's because we're ripping the kitchen out for the new one. The people are coming to fit it tonight! Oh God, sad thought, I've been inside my house for three days. Eugh, I need to get out more. What is there to do in Nailsea? Oh yes, go swimming, freeze to death. Lovely. Go ice-skating freeze to death again, hmm. Cinema? Oh great, go to the Curzon every single time I want to go. The Curzon is one of the oldest Cinema's in the UK or something but I've got there that many times that I'm getting annoyed with it! Mmm I just drank some milk, it was warm and some thing slithered down my throat. Blurgh! I get the feeling my brothers going crazy he wrote 'Just because I have my eyes' on a piece of paper... (Cuckoo!) Well sorry to bore you! Erm... piece of advice... erm... only do what your alphabet soup tells you to!