Yeaaah! Hey what's the prize? MONEY?!!! Hehe, I'm not that obsessed with having money ya know, some people are though! Oh dear, now I'm doubting my spelling of prize... Eeeek, I need help! I think Fathers day is on Saturday by the way! Ooooh... we should ask every one... or should we? Hmm, some one think about it! Any way I don't think I'll get a light sabre, cause yeah fun, but trash. I would never use it and it would be stored away, forever preserved as a waste of plastic. I'm gonna get some manga instead! :) :) :) Just oh-so slightly obsessed with that at the moment! Soooo what's every one else obsessed with? Am I losing my touch with obsession cause I don't know?! Well I recon that what you were saying about Rosie is erm interesting. Lynne said that Rosie is jelous of our 'kiddyness' ooh, fun! She's in a pretty bad way though if she's had an over dose and basically - been completely screwed. Any hoo, me and Izzy were thinking about some thing! :O :O :O I know! It's so rare it's gotta be interesting! (Geez, if that isn't the lamest sales gimic in the world!) Yeah, I know.  On a dark stormy day.... (!) Hey! Any way, their's this guy, Bob. He's convinsed that he's in a coma, every thing revolves around him and what he wishes for happens. He's convinsed that he's all powerful and every one will do what he wants. Bob gets bored with this, he wants to go back to the real world! He wants to find out all the real things... see real things... (God! Crap Queen! Just dragging it on a litttttttle bit, aren't you?) Okay, okay, so cutting the sentimental crap: One day he decides to take his life, he's bored with (Grrr...) erm, chocolate... so he jumps off a cliff. Unlukly (shoot me) for him, he was in the real world, but he miraculously hits his head instead of dying and goes into a coma. He then believes that the coma world is totally real because the real world was the coma world for him! Interesting thought, aye? (No... not really) Ok... I know when I'm not wanted! '( (Heeeeheee angry dude!) Any way... *sob sob* Bubi!