Hey. Eugh I woke up at nine today... yes, it's true. Well every thing's been taken out of our kitchen because the electrical guy was supposed to be coming but I forgot to tell my parents that he's coming on Monday. So I'm hiding in the computer at the moment. They're at the vet though cause Cleo's gotta have her stitches out! Aw, poor little girly! Mango's going a bit mad and he climbed all the way up the curtains! So I'm not the only one whose in trouble. Tired... Oh and the person's coming to fix the kitchen on Tuesday and Wednesday, not Monday and Tuesday so we're in one big pickle over here. Mmm pickles... Hey isn't Wednesday Halloween? Hehe, maybe I can scare the kitchen fitting people! Some one was saying that Halloween was a Christian festival? I don't know about in America but in England isn't it considered a Pagan festival? Hmm what's it about again... erm isn't it about all the bad spirits and things running around at night? Well I'm pretty sure it's not Christian because I am one, my Mum told us it's Pagan and she has a super Christian friend. (She never misses church and always does all the raising money for the church stuff) And she doesn't give out sweets and her kids have never done trick or treating. I did that once. Guess what I was. A ghost! A sheet ghost! They come in the night and... and... nick your sheets! Ooga booga! (I should be an actress!) Oh yeah, they've decided to rip the pews out in our church! Then they've decided to rip out the balcony, rip up the stone floor and do other horrific things to it! Hey, why not just knock it down and build a new church? We got a letter about it and they want us to send them letters. I want to send them angry letters but they only want ones from people over 16. Grrr. That's just annoying. Wow I'm watching car racing... queer huh? Well I can either watch stupid pop people prancing about on channel one and three, this car thing on four or a programme for deaf people on two. Hard choice. Live long and prosper!