Hello! I'm in geography and its pretty boring! At least we're not learning anything! Me and kes are going on an animation course this summer! We're gonna be with a load of 12 year olds, but never mind! Well I've given up reading all kes's blogs because it takes me so long that by the time I've finished reeding them, I have to go! (Smelly kes) Anyway! Yeah, loadsa scary things happening lately, monday was really scary cos loadsa people were out to kill us! Or so it seemed! Anyway...  Yeah well the Zoo Trip was fun, we answered all the questions on the sheet in the first 2 hours, and spent the rest of the time messing around and hitting Jon with our clipboards. 'Twas fun. We also tried to lock kes in the gorilla's cage but she was too big. (Hehehehe) We need to have another gathering soon, in Bristol maybe? The last one was fun, and maybe Vinnie will turn up this time! (Or maybe not) Yeah we should go to Bristol and get plastic swords! Wait, we've done that already...nevermind! Let's do it again! I seriously need to watch Dude, where's my car? again, because I'm just slightly obsessed with it. Wow this is the first time in ages that I've been able to blab on and on, because people are always talking to me on msn when I'm trying to type, so I usually manage to say something like - "Hi... I'm going now..." . Ooh sorry! I need to do Mr.Fopple Chapter 4 for you kes (*groan*) sorry, but she'll kill me if I don't get onto it (eek). Don't excpect it to be any good!  My Brother's party was a riot, imagine 8 extremely high 6 year olds running wild at megabowl with balloon-swords?! It was like - "What part of "Don't run off!" don't you understand!" sigh. He got loads of really cool pressies though. I'm quite jealous. Well apparently Katie is being mean to Laura and Jon hit katie on the head "And it hurt!" . Andwfirvhy6kmuijphl (that was katie) Arghh! Minor panic! Katie just got rid of all my writing, but we somehow managed to get it back again!  Bet you didn't think I could say this much did you? Oh dear, my fingers are getting tired...we have P.E next - yay. Laura says - hello you smells Tankyou, laura. Bye bye everybody, bye bye.