Greeeeeeeeeat Beki, just a few posts! I tried to post last night but it wouldn't let me, sorry guys. :( YEAY WE'RE BACK! Sorry, err I really should wake up some time soon... Actually my legs should wake up cause I pulled the same muscle *can't spell it and don't care* in both legs and they kill! It's like having cement legs. Owchie, but I'm not beaten yet! Ahh, Okehampton was fun. Yeah, we did rock climbing and I am very proud that I actually trusted you guys when I absailed down (hardest bit) :P. Aaargh but mountain biking eeek! (Sorry about spelling again, but I'm sooooo tired I didn't sleep last night.... or the night before so eeeugh) We had to cycle 7 miles! Every one else did 6 but the guy was nice to us and he took us the long way. Me and Beki fell over and we're both covered in cuts and bruises. Aaah, real music thank god! We had to listen to tacky stuff at the youth hostel cause that's all their was, also Izzy had to dance to S Club 7! Ahahaha! That's funny! We danced to Alice DJ?... Well I don't know! We did the harder one! We were supposed to perform it at this disco but we didn't, instead we moshed all the time, first Rosie and people were like OMG SAD! but then they left us alone cause they stood their and did nothing and we just bounced about! That's why my legs killll! Ooh, we went swimming and their was this massive 'Wobsticle' thing in the middle of the pool and you had to get across it. I went on about twise. Straight on and straight off. Fun! So me and Beki went evil and tried to get every one off! MUHAHAHAHA! Izzy was in a seperate half and almost all the people in her group got across because you couldn't try to get them off. In our group about 3 people got across! Heheheee! It was fun! Erm, what else. Oh yeah, water sports, we did kyaking *shoot me for spelling* (hey when do I get to talk) *shoots the other head* ahhh better. Kyaking was soooo much fun! At the beginning Beki fell in! Hehehe, and I was going round in circles but by the end of it I was going straight! :O :O :O I was shocked! Then afterwards me and Emma jumped in! It was soooo cold! We also did sailing and I had to sit on the front of Emma's boat! First she couldn't steer and the sail kept swining over to her side and the whole boat tipped on it's side! But we didn't fall in! (Sadly) So I got a bit more confident sitting on the front so I let go and sat facing the water. Then Emma tried to kill us by going over to the wier! So the guy came over and I had to lay on my front and try to paddle! I looked sooo dumb! Then I had to grab hold of his boat and we were dragged away! I had to do that a lot actually... So then I tried to steer and I went round in a circle then straight into the mud! Hehe, fun! Geez, this is gonna be one long blog! Ahh the food was actually reeeally nice! Wow! I had jelly every night! It actually tasted quite gross by the end of it... Oh, also we bought a load of sweets even though I took a load of food! Mmm... my throat hurts, and it sounds really bad cause I've been blabbering away all week non stop! (Ask Izzy I have!) Oh night walking was fun... apart from it wasn't dark and their was a load of goat shit every where! Pony treking hurt cause I'm not used to it! Owchie, my knees kind of gave in. Oooooh, gorge scrambling best thing in the world! Ok, ok, so wet suits are horrible but it was fun! I slipped over about 3 times but I was fine I felt totally safe. We did silly games, and I had to put 20 skittles into a cup using a straw! it was fun, I'll let every one else blab about what they did cause I'm taking up way to much space! Ok, so I'll post this and type another one after it, check back in 10.