Happy Birthday Laurapooos! Hope you're having a good one, sorry I wasn't there, it's 5pm and I got back about an hour ago!! Maybe we can do somefink tomorrow? Sounds like you've been having fun anyway.  You know you mentioned something a while ago about wanting to learn to rollerblade in the summerhols? We should sooo do that this week and next week too! I'm off to La France in two weeks, and I have noooo money left so I'm not really sure how I'm gonna survive in France with all the amazing shops, or how I'm gonna get my hands on a pair of rollerblades for that matter.  Anyway, Eastbourne was ok, they have some pretty cool shops (does she ever talk about anything else??) but god - everyone is so damn SLOW in Eastbourne! Not just the elderly people, I'm telling you, EVERYONE just crawles along at the pace of a snail!   Hmmm..what else happened...oh yeah my dad's bike got nicked (oh dear) and the insurance company is being shitty...I got a cool new top! Its blue and it looks like it's had paint thrown all over it! Brendan is making me laugh sooo much - he's convinced that if he screws his face up and concentrates very hard he can make his hair stand on end (weird kid). Oh yeah, and you have to read  Coram Boy  by Jamila Gavin, it is soooooo good. I spent a whole day reading it from beggining to end and I cried at the end soooo much! :'(  *Tries to imagine Lynne reading it* Arghh!  We saw these distant relatives that I've never met before who seemed to remember me, and I was sitting there seething silently and felt like an animal in the zoo "Aww isn't she pretty!" Give me a break, just because you can't think of anything to say!! I'd have given anything at that moment for a sign that said  - "Don't bang on the glass" to hang round my neck.  Got back to find a postcard from Beki -   "Hello Izzy - gone a bit mad in Scotland (I danced around the co-op.) Scotland is totally amazing, I saw an otter AND a golden eagle in the  wild ! Oh, and doesn't the picture just shout - "Mr.Nutbrown" !  - Trekkie"  The picture on the front is an old statue of Robert the Bruce! Erm, whatever you say Beki...