heloo guys, it sounds like theres been some very weird stuff goin on while i've been on the moon. yeh they have great cheese there this time of year. nah i've been in italy. you all kept saying that you did'nt know where i was so i thought i'd tell ya. italy was soooooo nice. it was really warm and we went swimming in the lake and then we went to verona and saw the ampthitheatre (or however you spell it) we did'nt go in though. we went to the dolomites which was really amazing and we had to go up all this seriously windy roads in a coach to get there which was a bit scary (understatement of the year) and then we got to go on this cable car that takes you up to the highest bit. i was shit scared at the beginning but after that it was really cool.  i read all the blogs you wrote while i was away and got scared but thought that the model animation thing sounded like SO much fun. and i want to see it. we all have to do somethin sometime, like when everyones back from holiday and everythin we should all go to bristol and stuff. when does everyone get back though cos i've been back for almost two days now and have'nt been out of the house and it's bloody raining again it was absolutley pissing it down earlier (or as my dad likes to say,peeing it down) it even rained in italy for the last couple of days. if it rains on my birthday i'm just gonna go out and dance in it.  so i dont really know when you all get back so i'm just gonna keep bloggin on here for a while. oh i just realised i just talkin to myself if ur all away. i guess i kinda am anyway, i like to talk to myself though. dont always listen but... nevertheless... oh dear my mums singin in the kitchen. scary. and theres no escape cos it echos all over the house when you sing in our kitchen. that song sounds cool. i have'nt downloaded it yet but i will. have'nt heard anything from trevor in a while, probably planning some kinda major attack. oh dear my mum and sister appear to be getting over excited about whizzing tomatoes up in the blender. thats when you know you're realy losing it.