Okay, I just got a damn scary e-mail! First of all it started off by saying 'Dear Sir' Sir? I'm a girl thank you very much! I suggest that you don't call me Sir unless you have a sudden liking to kerosene. Then it went on to say some thing about 'I got your impressive information through the chamber of commerce and industries on foreign business relations here in Lagos' EH? What the hell is Lagos and information? I'm a 14 year old girl for bob's sake! Then it said 'The said amount was USD 12.5 M (twelve million five hundred thousand United States Dollars).' about this money this guy's 'kin' was supposed to get. I mean umm ...ERM? Wow, it's a conspiracy! Well, I guess it brightens up my spam box! Then, wait, there's more 'In fact I could have done this deal alone but because of my position in this country as a civil servant, we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and it will  eventually raise an eye brow on my side during the time of transfer because I work in this bank.' BIGGER EH? I'm only 14! I'm not allowed to be in conspiracys! Wow, wonder if I get a CIA file on me! (:P) 'I will not fail to inform you that this transaction is 100% risk free. On a smooth conclusion of this transaction, you will be entitled to 20% of the total sum as gratification, while 5% will be set aside to take care of expenses such as telephone bills that may arise during the time of transfer and  while the remaining  75% will be for me and my partners.' ERMMM! Sounds dodgey huh? I'M 14! Yeah, and sooo many people have notyetcracked@hotmail.com as their e-mail addy, so it's easy to see why they sent it to me... NOT! I mean, who would rightly send that type of e-mail to notyetcracked@hotmail.com in the first place? notyetcracked and they still don't get that I'm an imature teenager! 'Please, you have been advised to keep top secret as we are still in service and intend to retire from service after  concluding this deal with you' 'either in your country or any country you may advise us to invest in.' Way to go guys, you finally found a way to freak me out! Oh, I sent them a reply saying 'Erm... I'm 14.' Great huh? Yeah, go meeee!