I HATE BOYS VS. I HATE GIRLS (HiLaRiOuS)     BOYS    A heart is not a playing thing, A heart is not a toy, but if you want it  broken, Just give it to a boy. Boys,they like to play with things To see  what makes them run, But when it comes to kissing, They do it just for  fun. Boys never give their hearts away They play us girls for fools,  They wait until we give our hearts And then they play it c ool. You will  wonder where he is at night, You will wonder if he is true, One moment  you will be happy, One moment you will be blue. If you get the chance to  see him Your heart begins to dance, Your life revolves around him,  There's nothing like r o m a n c e. And then it starts to happen, You  worry day and night, You see my friend, you're losing him It never turns  out right. Boys are great though immature, The $price$ you $pay$ is  $high$, He may seem sweet and gorgeous, But remember he is just a guy.  Don't fall in love with just a boy That's takes a lot of nerve. You see  my friend,you need a man To get what you deserve. So when you think that  you're in love, Be careful if you can Before you give your heart away  Make sure that he's a man.      GIRLS    There are many good things in life, Like cars,$money$,and weed. But if  you want something c o n f u s i n g, A girl is all you need. A girl  doesn't say what she wants, But you're somehow supposed to know, If they  want to do this or do that, Stay here,stay there,or just go. Then  there's the time,you all know what I mean, That monthly little j o y,  That lets them a b u s the shit out of you, just for being a boy. If  you ever dare to look at another girl, They seem to scream,go on,and  panic. But watch how fast they ignore you, at the sight of that queer  from "Titanic". They give you questions like, "Am I fat?", And "If you  could go with one of my friends,who?", There is no answer, face the  facts, You are definitely through. They take nothing and blow it up, And  make a tremendous fuss, So girls no matter what you think, You are just >>  as hard to u n d e r s t a n d as us.   Sorry, some thing that I got off of a chain mail and thought was kind of cool. Understand boys? I just kick them in the groin, pour kerosene on them and set alight to them. Who needs to understand them when you can do that instead?