Any how! Rant Rant Rant Rant. Well, it might as well be that! Does any one actually read these? Hehe... shouldn't ask... don't wanna know. Ahh, can't be bothered. Let's all listen to a 14 year old's views on the 'soon to be war against Iraq' (hopefully not) who? Me! Yeah, like any one listens to 14 year olds! I can actually get away with talking to people but as soon as I say I'm 14 they treat me as inferior and a little kid. Damn them! (Calm down) Any way... War. What does that mean for you? It means death - propaganda - mourning - tributes - casualties - innocent civilians - conflict to me. Hmm... I don't really know if I'm for it or against it. Apparantly Iraq has a load of nuclear weapons and Saddam Hussein *whatever* is a dictator and gassed people. But I don't really know. Also he's a dictator which is bad which ever way you put it. You can't put a flower boarder around dicator or doodle smiley faces on it. The faces would have to be those showing no emotions, but eyes showing pain. I know Saddam Hussein is bad, but, can we really just march in and kick him out? Is that collenlisation? *whatever* I don't think we can knock out the government *any type of government, dictator what ever, once it's gone the frames of the country will crumble and the country will fall into dissaray *double whatever** We need backing, or at least some Iraq's to agree to help, or take over the country. But then, is it right to hand over the control of a country to some one? just a person, who could turn into the nect dictator and not generally give a damn? At least in Afghanistan the rebels were their, with some stability to take over after the Taliban went. At one point though, the Taliban were the good guys, they kicked out the Russians, then power must of got to their head, plus the fact that the world didn't care and they could do what the damn well liked. How can you ensure that, that doesn't happen in Iraq? I watched this programme, and it was saying about how George Bush was not so dumb with words when he was passionate - talking about revenge or some thing along those lines. When will he stop? At the moment he seems to be fuelled into labelling people as 'terrorists', is this not dangerous to let one man decide who is good and who is bad? After all, he supports the Israelies *whatever* and they are odviously terrorising the Palistinians *kick me if I'm getting this wrong, I'm having a memory lapse and I had to ask my brother to get the names right!* and is not George Bush's whole system against terrorists not for them? That is plain, blatent terrorising what the Israelies are doing and people are dying for, their are no arguments over terrorism their so why is the mighty George Bush not pouncing ont them and promising them to be good? He's in it for the money, that's why. Palestinians die at the hands of American made weapons. Does George Bush care? No. The money's still flowing in. Maybe if Iraq were to start buying up the whole pretzle *whatever* market in America then George Bush would bat an eye lid on this whole thing. This is not an easy situation with an easy way out. It's life.  Okay! Rant over! Sorry guys, I turned into a steam roller then and couldn't stop! Geez, well... give me points for being passionate! :D Better go ...do some thing. Bubi!