  						    Sunrise Without You   There are five cd's on the way to me and all I owe is fifteen dollars for shipping.  In no particular order they are: Jars of Clay "Jars of Clay",Moulin Rouge Soundtrack, Poor Old Lu"A Picture of The Eighth Wonder", Smalltown Poets "Third Verse" and U2 "Unforgettable Fire".  I'm going to go to home for a night or two later this afternoon.  I have a dentist appointment and I should spend some time with my family.  I'm leaving Sunday to Tennessee.  The trip is for a class I'm in.  We are going to see The Lifeway main offices to develop a greater understanding of what goes into the development of Sunday school curriculum.  Some details make this sound swesome but I'm not too pumped up.  I only sorta call myself a friend of one other person that's going.  I don't really know the others.  Also, I have to write a paper on my theology of teaching to turn in as I load the bus.  I haven't started.  I don't really have any sources, the school's library is closed.  The general library hardly ever has anything like this.  I'll get started don't you worry.  I bought my domain on Monday.  It will be running full steam just as soon as I get a few things tweaked.  I'm excited about that.  I wrote about two paragraphs more for the  Moulin Rouge  blog but blogger messed up and I lost all I had added.  Yeah, I should have saved it, I know.  I did do laundry today.  Besides that my room is pretty trashy.  I don't want to hear my parents thoughts on that so I'll be sure to pick up before they come to get me.  I'm enthused that Electrin from   Tribolum  linked me.  I found this by surprise.  I'll get hits from this. I'm glad some have enjoyed the site enough to return.  Tonight I watched  Ghost World .  I'll call it good, but it was lacking in some areas.  The two lead characters reminded me of myself and best friend Chris our last year of high school.  Yesterday I wore my tabasco sauce socks.   Saucy!  I probably would not have if it hadn't been laundry day.  I haven't worn them in years.  Well, I think that I've been random enough for one day.  Time to close shop.    P.S.:Don't worry with the title.  There's just one person who would know what I mean.  But, it's nothing.  Really, I'm fine.       