  						     Moulin Rouge     Last summer when I was overwhelmed with ads for this movie I didn't think it was any kind of movie for a Christian to be watching.  Boy, was I wrong.  I got to see  Moulin Rouge   tonight.  Recently, my interest has peaked with hints of more than the 'story of a whore' that I first thought it to be.    This movie is a cinematic masterpiece.   Moulin Rouge  is an experience in sight, sound, script and story.  Director Baz Luhrmann, who also brought us  Romeo and Juliet , joins the ranks of Wes Anderson and Terry Gilliam,both great film visionaries.  If you have yet to see this, you've yet to SEE anything like it.  The action is so fast paced that, though you might get dizzy, you will not be disappointed.  This film is saturated in symbolism.  If you appreciated how colors were used in  The Sixth Sense  you will love this all the more.  The music has been said to be a celebration of 20th century pop.  It focuses more on 80's and 90's quoting and singing lyrics from U2, Madonna, Wallflowers, Elton John,Dolly Parton, and Nirvana.  All these songs are done to a similar style reminiscent of the forties.  In that respect, it's as brillaint as  O Brother Where Art Thou .  It should have been equally acclamed.  If this were all just a proverbial fireworks display I wouldn't speak so highly of it.  There's meaning.  There's a message.  "The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return."  In a story like that of the biblical Gomer and Hosea, the ever-optimistic Christian teaches, the girl of the night, Satine to love.  How Hosea loved Gomer was symbollic of how Christ loves us and is faithful to us  despite our unfaithfulness.  Being that its set in a brothel, some sexual content is to be expected.  However, I was glad to see that there wasn't any nudity in the film.  That would have gone against everything the movie taught.     Because I don't feel my review to be adequate of what I want to write I urge you to visit   Hollywood Jesus  and read David Bruce's in-depth article on the movie.       