  						    Mr. Toad's Wild Ride   Last night was the kind of night that entire screenplays are built upon.  The Friday night ritual is to sit in the cafeteria all night pondering what we could do.  We broke the mold this time.  I suggested we go to the beach where we could either see Consumed play, or catch a movie for a $1.50.  By the time we traveled an hour and a half I was sure we had most likely missed the band's set.  Donna saw that  Lord of the Rings  was playing.  That would have been 7 bucks.  The idea of a second viewing excited her.  I don't hate the movie.  I understand why people like it.  I have respect for it, but once was enough for me.  Considering that there are some new releases out that I want to see but haven't, this must be understandable.  You guessed it, we went to the cheap seats and saw  Kate and Leopold .  I was well pleased with the show.  It combined a carefully constructed screenplay with refreshing performances and a noteworthy soundtrack.  Smart movies rule.  It had a little to say about everything and yet it still remained humorous.  We were going to go sit out on the beach.  Traffic was heavy.  Realizing the atmosphere of drink, drug, sex and party depressed me.  I was still pretty relaxed.  We voted to just go home instead.  Signs and symptoms began to show, and soon enough Donna's car was dead.  Thankfully we were able to pull into the Sam's Club parking lot before that.  Then it was about 1:00.  Mona called back here to Graceville to recruit some help.  On the third call someone answered.  He, Chaz, without a vehicle commenced to look around the dorm for someone who could help.  He found Harry.  Both guys called us back.  It would be at least an hour before he could get to us.  Thinking it to be safer, Michelle said that we should walk to a gas station.  So we did.  Donna's been on crutches.  She left them in the car because even though it hurts she can walk better without them.  Instead Michelle and I offered our arms and were crutches.  We got drinks and sat on the sidewalk of the station.  The lady that was working there was really nice to us.  Thank you.  We laughed at ourselves.  I declared that gas stations have good music.  I wrote out a prayer in my notebook.  Then we walked back to the car.  Harry was about fifteen minutes later than we expected.  We speculated what might have happened to him.  Then he drove up.  Donna hoped they wouldn't tow the car away.  Harry was extremely generous about the whole thing.  He wouldn't accept Donna's efforts to pay him back with dinner or gas money.  She was reduced to offering a favor if ever he needed one.  This part held the essence of  Pay It Forward .  I was exhausted.  I slept most of the way back.  Donna said she'd be up all night.  I encouraged her to get sleep if at all possible.  I told her I'd go with her today to get her car.  Harry pulled into his spot and we were back.  We continued  to thank the saint and say goodnight.  And now I do the same.      