  						    Restless     As it turns out the weekend was a disappointment.  Every plan was unmade.  Like many Friday nights we only talked about what we might do.  We didn't do anything.  While chatting with Donna on the phone Jed came in and we thought we might go to Wal-Mart.  Jed left the room and I told Donna I would call back when we figured things out.  He didn't want to go and while I was out of my room she called.  She and her roomate had decided to go somewhere.  She said, "Have fun at Wal-Mart", which is where she ended up going.  I think if I had been there to answer the call I could have gone.  So much for that.     At 1:30am I trodded through the rain to Jeff's room.  Thankfully, the lights were on still.  I thought I would only be there a few minutes.  It turned into a few hours.  Jeff, Milks, and I discussed some standard theological issues such as Limited Atonement.  I think I'm getting a little better at explaining my views.  At or near three I was considering heading back to my room.  Jeff said to look out at the rain and suggested that maybe I should just sleep there.  Soon after Milks flipped the lights out.  I layed down on the floor, with my book bag and glasses still entact.  Jeff and I ceased with the talk of theology and talked about life in general.  We were slowing down.  At four I finished a sentence only to hear a silent Jeff.  I took my cue and got up to go.  As I shut the door I said bye.  He responded, "Later man".  This two and a half hours made the weekend.  Thanks Jeff.     Today was more of the same wanting to do something, but only talking about it.  I slept a solid nine hours til 1:20.  I had a good lengthy quiet time and I spoke with Jeff on the phone.  Sorry Jeff, for waking you up.  It was 4.  Tonight a group of us went to Pizza Hut and to the coffee house.  I didn't have much to say.  I was disappointed and that was no one's fault.  I slept all the way home.  When we got back I continued to look for some happenings, but I only came up empty.  That's the weekend.     