  						    Strong   A.H. Strong constructed 'The Theory of Gods Self-Limitation' which says:   Matter is Gods self-limitation under the law of necessity.  Humanity (Freedom of Choice) is Gods self-limitation under the law of freedom.  The Incarnation and Atonement are Gods self-limitation under the law of Grace.    I agree with this.  I believe God had the power to do things completely different but chose to set things up the way He did.  Criticize this as you will, but you limit God by your own definitions and presuppositions.  God has shown us His character, and to do something in complete contrast to that would make Him a liar.  God is creator, father and judge.  He is the only perfect moral character.  God is loving, all powerful, and holy.  I admit, we do not completely grasp the character or attributes of God.  Our notions are only foggy, but we have an idea.  Space and time do not limit God.  He is outside of both.  Yet, He has submitted Himself to these laws, which He wrote.  Time and space exists because God willed them be.  The two will one day cease to be, while God will always be.  God could have gone without creating us to start with.   God could have made us mindless, but instead He gave us the capacity to think rationally and to make choices.  This is, in itself, a gift of Gods grace.  Adam and Eve abused the gifts of choice and rational thought.  This is what sin is.  Everyone sins.  Sin earns eternal death in Hell.  We are separated from God by our sin.  We need a mediator to set things straight.  God offered that through Jesus Christ.  Maybe God could have saved us some other way, but thats not the point.  He has established Jesus as The Way, and theres no way around that.  Each person will be held accountable for his or her sin.  More importantly, each person will receive the consequence of rejecting Christ or the reward of accepting Him, eternal life in heaven.  I believe that life, choice, and salvation, are all gifts of grace given by God only.  We dont earn them.  We deserve Hell.  Its not what we deserve, its what He offers.  Hes already taken the first step and made our steps possible.  Whether one accepts, rejects, or remains indifferent a choice is made.      