  						    The Music of The 20th Century    Blueberry Hill  by Fats Domino came to mind earlier and I started singing what I knew of it.  I decided to download the song.  I thought, "It's a shame I don't already have this."  It's a shame I don't own the album.  The way that the song was used in  Twelve Monkeys  deepened my appreciation of it.    In the movie Bruce Willis plays James Cole.  Cole had been underground since he was eight years old, when all but one percent of the world's population died off.  He was recruited to go into the past and trace the source of the plague.  There he was labelled a lunatic with an escapist fantasy.  He  broke free  from an asylum and kidnapped his psychiatrist.  He needed her because he couldn't drive.    While in the car she turned on the radio.  The news frightened him.  However, he proved himself by knowing the outcome of the reports.  He thought that the radio ads were speaking directly to him.  He didn't understand the concept of an advertisement.  She twisted the dial and passed Blueberry Hill .  Stress had been all over his face but a smile started.  He pleaded with her to tune it back.  She did and the smile  broke free  and spread across his face.  He was very childlike. Cole said, "I love the music of the twentieth century."  She took the simple things for granted.  To her this was just another song she had heard too much.  To her this was just another station to skip past.  He had heard the song before going underground all those years ago.  He went over thirty years without hearing a good song.  I can't imagine that.  The song reminded him of life before he was made a prisoner.  The song reminded him of life as it had been when the world was still naive and young.  The song reminded him of the freedom he hoped for.  He longed for the simpler days of his boyhood.    I am currently working on what may become my first completed book,  Twelve Monkeys and Twelve Disciples: A Comparison of The Fictional James Cole and The True Jesus Christ.   Whether by the writer's intention or not, I see many similarities between the two.  I view James Cole as man's attempt to save himself.  In the movie, much like in reality, the world heralds science as religion and scientists as gods.  The scientists devise this scheme to save humanity and they crown James Cole as savior.  Of course, all their best laid plans fall apart.  We cannot save ourselves.  Nobody on earth can save us either.  Jesus is the only savior.  We will only be saved by grace through faith in Him.  Faith can't be made in a test tube.       