  						    The Lucas Faith   Until 1999 I had never really watched any of the episodes.   Episode 1  was about to come out.  A couple of friends brought a box set over so I could see them and be familiar with the story in time for the newest.  I enjoyed the movies.   Empire Strikes Back  was my immediate favorite thanks to the scenes with Bobba Fett and those with the Ewoks flying through the forrest on their Sea-Do's.  I tried really hard to get into them, it was the 'in' thing.  Despite all my best efforts, I would never be a fanatic.  The endless discussion and know-it-all trivia contest between fans turned me off in the same way that hearing my grandmother talk about  All My Children  made me pray that soap operas would be banned.  It's always felt like, people weren't allowed to just like the movies.  They had to be obsessed with them, else they were degenerate and not 'real' fans.  And by all means, don't ever say you think another movie is better.  You'll be killed.  Fine, I'm not a 'real' fan.  If I have to die for that, I'll just have to die for it.  Break out your light sabers.  My question: Why is it so appalling that someone doesn't like  Star Wars ?  I will say this, the movies are cleverly written and visually appealling.  It's quality entertainment.  But, so are the movies I list as favorites. Yet I dont expect people to share the same feeling, and usually they dont.   It's not a safe assumption to assume that someone who doesn't like the movies, does so ignorantly.  Don't think it's out of rebellion either.  I am always made to either feel like an outcast, idiot or possible convert when in a group of  Star Wars  fanatics and it is uncovered that I don't like the movies much.  This type behavior is not acceptable of any true film lover.  Don't call yourself one if you're going to act like this.   To all of you  Star Wars  fans, I aint mad at ya, I aint got nothing but love for you.  The way some of you so intensely defend this faith, you make it fun, to mock you.  But, thats just it, its all in good fun.  I find it humorous that these discussions get as heated as a debate on Calvinism.  Well kids, thats all for me.  Play fair.       