  						    Shave and a Haircut    For a couple of weeks I've been thinking about shaving my sideburns off.  I went home this weekend,for the first time all year, and at church several people commented on them.  The preacher said, "You don't want to get a girlfriend with those.  She'll grab you from both sides of them and pull you anywhere."  A 10th grade youth told me I forgot to shave.  "No, I didn't."  Later he said "He got stuck in the seventies."  My mom thought if one more person said something I was going to get mad.  I hope I didn't come across like that.  It wasn't quite that simple.  At first, I thought the church folk had just forgotten that I've had these for months and months.  I concluded that my sideburns must be thicker because no one really said anything.  My dad said they were a lot thicker.  Around campus I had asked different friends if they were 'more there' than last time before I cut them off.  Justin responded something like, "I don't know.  It's not like I keep a log of this."  Dad wanted to borrow my camera so he can get into photography.  I had five pictures left on a roll so I had my mother take pictures of my chops, you know for the record, cause I knew i'd cut them soon.  Then I left the camera with him(that was hard to do).    My dad got me back here last night at or near 10.  I entered into 603 and gave the gang a large plate of food I had made them from the leftovers at church, 4 nice pieces of fried chicken, and a lot of sandwiches.  And like buzzards to roadkill the guys cleaned the plate in record time.  I talked with Jed about all the things i'd like to do with this site.  I read my latest batch of poems to Jeff while he played Tony Hawk.  He's always so good to listen.  Chaz and Fozzie discussed theology.  Every now and again someone would interject.  I didn't feel 'up' to it.  When Jed and I walked out to check on his laundry I made a mask out of the foil that had covered the plate.  Don't worry it was clean.  At 1:20 Mike admitted he was ready to get to sleep.  He said he had been for an hour and a half, just  didn't know how to ask us to leave.  I had the idea for the poem 'My Friends and I' that I will blog eventually.  I was through counting sheep before I could get the gyst of it on paper.    This morning I woke annoyed that I hadn't heard my alarm.  It's been wacky lately.  Someone knocked on my door.  I threw on pants and rushed to the door.  As I feared there was no sign of them.  I went and asked Jed what we had to read for Leadership at 9.  He was rushing to be late for his 8 o'clock.  He stopped by the room on his way to class and told me.  When he stepped in I had just started shaving.   Until I get the pictures I'll describe the sideburns I had for those of you who don't know me or are blind.  They came to the bottom of my face and to the edge of my smile.  Simply put:  All I was missing was the goatee and I would have been Santa. I put on Barenaked Ladies'  Greatest Hits  and commenced to become clean shaven.  The entire process took about thirty minutes and at completion my hands were waterlogged.  I hope I got 'em straight.  It's hard to tell with my eyes.  Mike said they were but he's half blind too.  Ah, It feels so nice and smooth.  I feel like a different person.  Well, not too much.            