  						    Kevin Arnold   Don't get me wrong I love it.  It's always been my favorite show, but sometimes life feels like a bad episode of The Wonder Years.  So much mellodrama.  Thinking about it I remember how Kevin would always insert some line of depth at just the right moment. I get frustrated that I don't have a knack for that.  Then I realize that Kevin's deeper thoughts were usually spoken by the narrorator, which was the forty-something version of himself.  That's easy for you to say, Mr. Arnold, you're older and wiser.  Would you have listened to yourself, if you could have?  I don't think you would have.  It would have been one more parent telling you what to do and how to live.    Voices of reason have always been there for me.  I hear them say, "Look Out, It's the edge of the cliff!"  I say to myself, "But, what if it feels good? What if I can fly?" Then I fall and break every bone.  Then after months of life support and physical therapy I am able to walk again.  With the aide of friends and family I make my way back to the top.  I approach the edge.  This time I hear them and my own voice of reason which says, "It hurt pretty bad last time.  Maybe we should turn around."  but then I say, "You never know, falling may not hurt this time, maybe the wind wasn't right before." And off I go like Wyle E. Coyote.   Splat!   I spend the last couple weeks of every semester catching up on late work and studying.   I get so caught up in catching up that I forget to stay caught up with people.  Then I see them packing up and waving goodbye.  Goodbyes always sneak up on me, despite perfect hindsight.  If I would just stop closing my eyes.  I tally up the days of summer, counting down til they'll all be here again.  I fail to remember that some won't be back. That's just the fact and math of it.  When last spring ended I had no clue that two of my best friends would not return.  They didn't know either.  The news hit hard, just like the bottom of a cliff.  The news I hear now hits that hard too.  Oh, mellodrama.  Things will be different next semester, but I've come to expect that.  I just wish I wouldn't take people for granted.  I knew all semester some who would not return.  There will be others who don't make it back, but don't know yet.  I won't get over it. I'll get through it.  Sometimes the cliffs just crumble right out from under our feet.  Perhaps, I'll be a better friend because of it.  Still, no one said I have to look forward to it.        