  						    Visions of Sugarplums:The Future of Eye Level   Change is on the way. This site will be growing up shortly.  I have a few ideas of things I'm going to do over the next couple months.      /thewaiting   The other day I was reminded of how much the music of this great band opens my heart up to God.  I wanted to share the music with everyone.  I wanted people to experience that same effect.  I decided I would create a fan page.  I visited their site and what do you know, they are having a links contest.  I e-mailed the site administrator, who turned out to be the drummer.  I was being sure that offering the music for others to download wouldn't somehow be legit.  It isn't, Brandon told me he can't even put his music on the page. I had to ask.  He told me to go on and make my page, "I'm sure I could link you."  I hope so.  Entries are due May, 31st.    /cloudproject  Donna loves to take pictures of clouds.  She is going to cover the ceiling in her room with them next semester.    I was walking around a couple weeks ago.  I saw clouds and it made me think of her.  I had my camera in my bag and the idea came to me.  I would go and take rolls and rolls of cloud pictures and send them to her over the summer.  I wasn't going to tell her so soon.  But then, the first day of this project, she knew I had been taking pictures and asked what they were of.  I had been taking cloud pictures.  Then she was with me when I dropped the film off.  I figured I might as well go ahead and tell her.    So I told her.  She really liked it.  I told her my idea for the cloud project site.  She liked that too.    In further detail, here's the plan.  Everyone send me your cloud pictures.  I'll credit you.  I'll collect all the pictures.  Then I'll have things categorized so that people can easily look through them.  Desktop Wallpaper, Banners, greeting cards oh, the possibilities are endless.    /towhom   It has been decided I am going to host To Whom It May Concern.  Justin, Jeff, and I all have many ideas what we want to do with our happy little buddy blog.  Some people think I should stop writing for it.  Sometimes I find it hard to know what to post there.  i just need more of a focus for my writing.  I could at least write about our adventure filled Friday nights of Dashboard and Waffle House. They recently okayed me becoming site editor.  I believe in this and I'm not just going to let go of it.  I want a new template for Eye Level, complete with banner.  I want To Whom to finally have it's own template made.  Jeff's been trying to design one.  We've all been tossing ideas around for this and for the future of the site.  We'd appreciate you're thoughts.    /poetry  I would like to put some of my poems on a separate page.  You know, some of my favorites.  I don't think I'll put comments on this, or maybe.  Maybe that way people would interpret them.  Ooh, scary.    Yes, there's more, but it's all incomplete notions that float around my mind.  Keep an eye out and see what you see.      