  						    Responsibility, What's That?  It's time once again for everyone's favorite part of the show.  It's a part of the show I like to call, "Chase is a Screw-Up!".   You've read tale after tale of his procrastination woes and his last minute marathons.  Oh yes, boys and girls he has done it again.  He was supposed to debate on interracial marriage today, but is he even in class?  NO!  "And why not?", you ask.  Well, you see even though he waited until the night before,yet again, he did complete the assigned writing.  "Then what's the problem?", you inquire.  He doesn't have access to a printer until 12 o'clock.  He stayed up all night working on this and only has a disk to show for it.    Yes, I was referring to myself in the third person.  I can't stand doing it anymore, so I'm sure you're tired of it.    Perhaps you wonder why I don't just go and tell my professor what happened.  I'm tired of giving excuses.  There is no reason I shouldn't have had that done before yesterday.  It's not as though I haven't had time.  I don't mind going to talk to him, but not until after class.  I don't see the need for that awkward and painful moment of me explaining that I'm an idiot to the class.  I'm tired of wasting people's time.  That's exactly what I've done when I don't take a professor's class seriously.  It's like spitting in his face.    It's not that I don't care.  I'd explain what I mean but most of you have heard it so much just from me, that you could recite it line for line.  I review these last 9 semesters and see a disturbing trend.  I started out with minimal motivation, but freshmen courses don't require as much.  I struggled with two classes along the way, algebra and biology.  Any other class that I did poorly in is reflective directly of my lack of  effort.  As I made it through the first and then the second years of college my dilligence increased.  Of course, it had to.  Analyzing this third year I see that I've grown ever tired of classes and increasingly unmotivated.  More was required of me, less was done, and less was put into that which was done.  I'm tired of the cycle.  I've gone every semester since Fall '99.  I toy with the suggestion of taking a semester off.  The downfall of that idea is that I'd have to start paying my student loans off.  The only money I have is that loan.  The job market is dismal around here, especially since I'm not able to drive at night, or that well during the day.  Me,  Justin  and   Jed  are talking about stuffing envelopes.  I've heard positive testimonials from this.  If you know anything about this, let me know.  But back to my point, all these conditions make me feel trapped into continuing to go to school.    Lately, I've been questioning if I really think this is what God wants me to be doing with my life.  Is being a minister of education what which He has called me to do?  I often feel that when I talk about it, I'm trying to psych myself up.  I've read that one should be passionate about their calling, but I'm just not passionate about this.  Before I felt like God was directing me to the ministry I wanted to be a film maker.  Here lies my passion.  Ask anyone, they'll tell you.  Some say that God has given me this passion for a reason.  Others warn me of letting what I want get in the way of what God has for me.   When I first accepted my 'calling' , almost 4 years ago, I was in the mindset that being unsure as I was it would be best to choose the option which is directly a ministry, and not the option that I wanted.  This way, I reasoned, there would be no question of motive.  This way, if I were wrong, it would be clear that I attempted to make the right God-honoring choice.  I see the error in my thinking now.  I know God's will isn't mystical.  In the words of Chaz, "It's probably right in front of your face.  It's probably the thing that makes the most sense."  I know what I want to do with my life, but that isn't important really.  What does God want to do with my life?  Sacrifices are good and fine, but I believe I will be happiest whereever God wants me to be.    I could only make rash decisions today.  For now I need to continue to be in prayer about this.  Being within 18 months of graduating, I would want to finish before dropping out and skipping town.  So either way, I think I'm here that long I may as well be content with it.   It's no curse, by any means.  Being here has been one of the greatest blessings.  I'm just a little drained.  God will energize me again.      