  						    Rain Pours Down   EXT: Raining Heavily.  Man in phone booth making a call.   Car parked at curb.  So is the basic setup for scenes from three movies,  Say Anything ,  High Fidelity  and  Good Will Hunting .    Say Anything  Diane breaks up with Lloyd on a sunny afternoon.  Broken hearted, he drives alone for hours and hours.  He pulls up to a payphone and calls his sister.  He tells her, "I gave her my heart, and she gave me a pen."  High Fidelity  This movie has numerous scenes of Rob looking like a wet abandoned dog out in the rain.  His long-term girlfriend Laura leaves him.  That day his mother calls.  This scene is reminiscent of the one above, of Lloyd talking to his sister.  His mother asks him, "Where did she go?"  He replies, "Mom, I don't know, girlfriend go, girlfriend not say where go!"  In one scene he gets Laura's new number and address and calls her from outside her apartment.  And of course, the rain pours down.    Good Will Hunting  Will is off with his buddies and he gets them to stop at a phone booth so he can call Skylar.  There had been no sort of break up at this point in the movie.  At first he hesitates calling and tells his pals that he forgot her number. Morgan questions that, "You come all the way out here in the rain, and you don't have her number?"  Of course, he suddenly remembered and dialed her up.  Yes, the scene is still the same soakin' one as described twice above.    There's one more similarity I'll share with you.  Going out for coffee is a big part of each of these, but bigger in the first and last.   Good Will Hunting  Skylar: Maybe we could go out for coffee sometime? Will: Great, or maybe we could go somewhere and just eat a bunch of caramels. Skylar: What? Will: When you think about it, it's just as arbitrary as drinking coffee. Skylar: [laughs] Okay, sounds good.  Say Anything  Diane Court: I just can't have any social life right now. Lloyd Dobler: Don't worry about it. We're just having coffee. We'll be anti-social. Diane Court: Be friends? Lloyd Dobler: Yeah. With potential.  I think it's self-explanatory how cool all this is.         