  						    Farm Report  It's Friday night.  I'm making use of   Chaz's  computer and his record player.  Awhile back he gave me some Springsteen stuff on vinyl.  I haven't had a way to listen to it until tonight.  Someday, I'll buy my very own computer and record player.  This week went by like nothing.  I hardly noticed.  I've been meaning to write more.  I aim to get going again.  Maybe I'll write something of substance for a change.  I'll try, but if you've been reading for any length of time, you know not to get your hopes up.  Week 5 of the ten week summer semester has drawn to a close, and along with it the second term of classes has ended.  Guess what I did?  Any of you long-term readers will not be surprised by this either.  I had a sermon outline and a paper that were suppposed to be in by today.  I was lazy and irresponsible as always, and didn't get my work in.  He asked if I had them.  I said, "No sir", to which he responded "When can you get them in to me?"  We decided next week was good.  I feel bad that I'm like this.  I'm not going to try to pass off some statement to say that 'm deeply sorry.  I am sorry that I'm like this, just not sorry enough to change.  That's a lot of what I'm talking about when i say i'm praying for repentance.  I'm very thankful that by God's grace I got extra days.  I would have failed, but now I can garner a B.  Last night I was really aggravated with myself about all of this.  I spent time yesterday trying to get these things done, but the problem is, I waited til the day before.  That's just not enough time.  I don't want to put my name on my work.  I regret that I do all of this while bearing the name of Christ.  I got to a point where I knew I wasn't going to be able to get anything done, but wouldn't go to sleep.  I sat up til three watching movies.  I watched  Say Anything ,  High Fidelity  and  Good Will Hunting .  I noticed many very interesting similarities and connections which I will share with you, but that'll be a separate post.  Most likely I'll write it next.  Well, that's all from me, for now.        