  						    An Honest Prayer   Dear God, I bow here before You.  Remove everything false from me.  Take away the silly grins.  May I be humbled.  I come to You broken, begging to be broken more.  Broken til I know I'm in pieces and that I'll always break when fueled by my own pride.  Broken and put back together so there is no denying It is You.  I pray Lord that I will stand only on the promises You give.  These are the only ones that can be fulfilled.  I pray Father that You would be my cornerstone and foundation.  Your vision for me is holiness, sanctification is Your plan.  Move Your hands through me.  Move me.  Mold me, I am the clay.  I pray for repentance.  I pray my quest would be true., that I would find genuine repentance.  I'm tired of the day to day struggle of my hypocrisy- the dillusions of wearing two masks.  I long for the day to day struggles that come with genuine Christianity, as defined by the life of Christ.  I desperately seek after the trials and tribulation that You will use to change me, to make me a more prepared leader and minister.  Show me Lord what I need to get rid of.  Show me what I need taken from my life.  What's coming before You?  Convict my heart.  Strengthen me to change.  Be the center of my attention from which everything else is measured.  Be my driving force without which nothing is truly driven.  I'm tired of going nowhere.  I'm tired of feeling like I've been left behind.  I don't see my life modelling Yours.  I don't see that happening.  Make it so that it is.  Show me Lord that which I need to pray for.  Show me Lord, how to pray for it.  Guide me to spiritual truth and its application.  I pray I would learn more on how to pray for and with other people.  Show me where I have grown and show me what I need to change now.  Make me more submissive.  Make me more aware of Your presence.  Make me more aware of Your will in my life.  Let my claim as truth that which you reveal to me.  Let me tell truth to everyone. It frustrates me that other people [seem to] get clearer answers to life questions.  I don't know how this Christianity works, but I'm waiting for it.  I don't know how You speak to ME.  I don't know.  I'm praying Lord that You will show me this answer.  Why can't You speak to me directly through scripture?  What am I missing?  I want spiritual growth as You define it for me.  I want chastisement.  I want responsibility.  I want re-enlistment.  Affirm unto me my salvation.  Affirm unto me my calling.  Prepare me for life as You've planned it for me.  Give me a hunger and a thirst for scriptures and prayer that I've never had before.  Let this be a day that is a beginning.  Control my thoughts and feelings.  Convict me of my sins so that I will confess and be forgiven.  Speak to me as I journey into scriptures more.  I love You and I praise Your name. Goodnight---      