  						    What Became a Prayer   Excerpts from my journal today  I don't want to be wordy just like a Pharisee if I'm not actually saying anything; if I'm only fooling myself to think I'm repenting.  I feel as though I have no concept of how to engage in spiritual battles.  I feel lost. On   Little Bear's site   I read how someone had reminded her to stay in the light, that if she allowed herself to wander into the darkness it would be almost impossible to find her way home.   I feel in the darkness.  I can see where I've let myself stray.  I can see what I've chosen.  I can see how I've accepted a shallow faith, how I've taken it to mean mandated prayer and bible study time.  I've taken these as the measure of my spiritual health.  To a degree it is how hard you are trying.  But if I only bail out late in the sin I have failed.  I have not tried hard enough.  God will always provide an opportunity to escape temptation.  If anything is true it is that I weaken myself with each sin.  I weaken myself and increase the likelihood of future defeat.  I've lived in defeat for too long.   I have guilt that weighs down hard on me.  It kills me.  I'm dying by it all the time.  I'm ashamed of myself.  I am ashamed of who I've become.  I'm a person who wears a face of faith but lives in defiance of that faith.  I live as though gravity doesn't pull me down.  I act like all I have to do is ask for forgiveness and I'm set.  My difficulties in feeling forgiven disprove this.   I embrace what I despise.  I become what I shun.  What is the ill of my brain?  I can't forsake the true love of God for this.  I can't.  But I do.  I give it all away.  Seasons of pleasure for lifetimes of pain.  These lifetimes of pain are my constant confusion,blindness and despair.    I have a hope.  One that isn't fleeting.  One that will not fade.  One that is promised to me by Christ my savior.  Am I living like I'm hopeless?  Yes, I'm living like I don't know how.    If I isolate myself from God, as I do in sin, I am isolated from everyone.  If I'm not right with myself (and I can't be if I'm not right with God) I can't be right with anyone.   I've been shown how to live by the life of Christ.  I don't want just to have 'Christian' thoughts.  I want to be permeated with Christ-likeness- not simply the acting out of certain spiritual disciplines but the annhilation of spiritually defeating activities.  I don't want just to recycle what I've heard at school and church.  I want to emulate Christ and live out the lessons He teaches me directly.  He's the greatest teacher.   What will people learn from my life? Why am I so happily his accuser and murderer?  My life looks like a rejection of Him.  I'm surprised anyone believes I'm saved.  I think most accept it on the grounds that its not they're place to judge, but oh if it were.       