  						    War On Abbreviations  Prepare to be offended. This is a note to all of you obsessive abbreviators.  You know who you are.  People say e-mail is not as personal as regular mail.  That's true.  I don't think it can be.  Who wouldn't prefer getting someone's handwritten thoughts over web text?  There are some out there, but only a strange and sordid few.  Still, internet communication is most feasible.  It's how the world works these days kids.  Some say that e-mail and instant messaging can't be personal at all.  I beg to differ.  I've formed some great friendships with people almost entirely online.  I think one can express themselves rather well by these means.    True, it is easier for someone to lie about themselves.  People do this a lot, and I'm mad at them.  Stop!  You're no different than the kids who cheat on Monopoly.  The nerve of some.  I do think you can get to know a person like this, especially if you know them offline first.  Internet communication can expand offline relationships.  If possible don't let that become the entire basis of a relationship.  If you do this, beware the relationship is in danger.    Anyway, people make these accusations.  To a point they are right, but I ask you, should we just give in and make it all the more impersonal?  Is that the new objective?  Ooh, let's see how cold and unfeeling we can be.  You can call me a crackpot, but it is my belief that abbreviations don't help matters at all.  They have their place, as does everything.  Abbreviations are used by one of two kind of people.  People who are really busy or people who are really lazy.  If it's because you are busy you are clear, don't worry about this.  You are using abbreviations as they are meant to be used.  Please, do not be quick to assume that you are one of the busy ones.  Most of you are straight up lazy.  That's all there is to it.  You sit online for hours and hours on end, just chit-chatting it up.  You would abbreviate Hi if you could get away with it.    I will live with it.  I will tolerate your brb's and your lol's and your gtg's, because I am a tolerant kind of guy.  What's worse is when bloggers abbreviate in their post.  Remember this, if you see me typing out be right back,et cetera,it's not that I don't know the lingo.  Oh, I do.  I know all too well.  I am going to keep spelling words out...to the bitter end.  I will continue this crusade until I develop carpal tunnel syndrome.    Call me whatever you like, but I'm taking a stand.         