  						    This is The Day  The day has been good to me. In class today I gave a 50 minute presentation on the socioemotional development in early adulthood.  Being the louse that I am, I put this off until 2 days before it was due.  Two days is an improvement though, I must say.  Acting, I've never had stage fright, however, I am deadly afraid of public speaking.  It didn't used to be so bad.  I used to give impromptu speeches so well, when they weren't supposed to be impromptu.  I was pretty good at it usually getting A's, but I've lost my knack. Which is a good thing because I let the blessing to do that become more of a curse.  Now I have to apply myself, sometimes that can be painful.     So anyhow, the moment of truth came.  I told myself that all I had to do was make it through those 26 note cards, piece of cake.  It went pretty well.  There was a good amount of class discussion.  During this I could look up at people which made up for all my looking down at the cards the rest of the time.  At the conclusion everyone applauded.  I think they were just being nice.  But, sometimes I appreciate being patronized,  I'm not being sarcastic.    After class I talked to Ms. Gilbert.  Then I had four stops to make.  First, I carried a bag of books back to the library.  Second, I went to see Dr. Cunningham.  He told me that he would sponsor whatever decision I make about the   blogathon .  He said he was sponsoring me not the event.  I have to decide yay or nay by Saturday.  Third I got my nerve and walked to Dr. Rathel's office.  I wasn't clear which office was his.  I stood in the hallway collecting my thoughts.  I thought of what I would say.  I have 2 questions for him.  1. How I did in the class and if there is any way I can improve that.  2. If he would forgive me for not taking the class seriously.  I walked into an open office.  It wasn't his, so I asked the man who sat there typing.  He directed me which office to go to, but said he thought Dr. Rathel had gone home for the day.  I thanked him, looked and he was right.  I walked back into this man's office.  I knocked on his door again.  I said, "Excuse me, I don't believe we've met."  He stood up and introduced himself, "I'm Mark Long."  What's cool is, he has his Doctorate, but left the Dr.  off his name.  I said, "So your the  new  new testament professor?"  After he affirmed that by nodding I said, "I'm in your NT 201.  It's a retake actually."  I wish I had left that last part off.  I told him I was looking forward to it and then said I'd see him later.  I had forgotten my name so he asked.  I think I'm going to like this guy.  I think I gave him a good first impression.  I don't pull that off very often.  Fourth, I went to see Dr. Freeman, my other sponsor.  He was gone for the day.  Too bad, I was looking forward to talking to him.    Back in the dorm Jeff was watching television. I sat with him as I ate out of a bag of stale Sour Cream and Onion chips.  This was my lunch.  I was revved up.  I had One Conversation about 20 or 30 things.  I'm sure Jeff wanted me to shut up after awhile, but his patience kept his composure.  So many jiblets of thought to be spoken.  People often think of me as being like that, but I haven't been much like that in a while.  It's nice.    The reality that I'm done with summer classes is hitting me now.  It's a nice feeling to be through with something.  Yeah...      