  						    Radio and Wives' Tales    This afternoon mom and I drove into town.  I got some   new shoes .  $42.  Mom insisted.  She couldn't bear to see me walk around with my talking shoes anymore.  I could afford them, but she insisted on paying.  I wasn't getting in the way of her dream.  Mom is great.  I looked at belts.  I couldn't make my mind up. So, no belt.  Then we went to the Pic 'n' Sav.  I opted not to get out.  I sat and watched people I know but don't really 'know' enter and exit the store.  Mom left the radio on for me.  Unfortunately, I let my cd case sit this trip out.  It was me and the ol' FM.  Bush was on the metal station, but I'm not into them.  Tonic was on the hits station with  If You Could Only See .  I love this song.  I wanted to sing along, but I felt like a fish in an aquarium.  I get into the songs a bit and most people wouldn't understand.  While waiting I put my new shoes on.  The old ones can stay in the box.    Claire's visit lasted from 9-1, much of which was just me and her.  I was really getting to know her.  It's been hard to before because everytime I'm home it seems the visit is rushed and a ton of other people are there to see her too.  I'll fight them for her.  I got some cool pictures of her while she was sleeping, smiling, laughing.  She would reach for the camera and such.  I even got one picture with another camera of her chewing on the zoom of my camera.  I napped beside her.  As I was about to wake up, my dad saw and they ran for the photo oppurtunity.  When those pictures are done I'll be sure and get them up.  I was also teaching her to 'high five'.  I'm not sure if she was just hitting my hand or if she really got it.  I sat at the keyboard with her and she was pushing the keys.    I saw my grandmother too.  But, we weren't there five minutes and the therapist came in.  My great aunt reminded me of my distate for wives' tales and superstition.  "Smart Babies make Smart Conceptions."  She demanded that the time when a babies' teeth come in indicates when the next child in that family will be born.  That's completely and utterly Ridiculous!   PREPOSTEROUS!!!   Where do they get this stuff?    My little brother, Josh, had baseball practice tonight.  This was on the way to bringing me back to Graceville, here.  We dropped Josh and my father off.  We made sure that we had the right place before leaving them stranded.  I played Train's Grammy winning  Drops of Jupiter .  I wondered if it was wrong for me to just play my music and not talk.  Mom helped me load my stuff back into my pseudo-clean room.  She made sure I had money.  She left.  Thanks for the shoes!     