  						    The Art of The Deal  It seemed everyone was melting like candles at the flea market today.  It was so hot.  Sweat poured like wax at a Christmas cantata.  Upon our arrival my father and I conversed about the economy of the market.  I said, "The house doesn't always win here."  You just have to read the 'dealers' well.  That's all.  My dad gave me advice on bargaining, "You ask what he wants for it.  He tells you.  You offer less than what you want to spend.  Then say nothing.  The next one to speak is the loser."  I don't think he knows how familiar I am with the art of the deal.  I didn't want to rush ahead of him, but had little interest in the miles of tools.  This was his toystore.  He found a migwelder, valued between $500 and $600 dollars, he paid 20 for it.  As we moved along I found my own happy place, a booth selling videos for a dollar each.    This was a better deal than   Arby's .   I got these 5:  Addicted To Love   Afflction   Apollo 13   A Simple Plan   Ready To Wear   They were all in good condition, even the boxes.  I couldn't bring myself to try and get him lower.  It just didn't seem right.  And that, my friends, is how I am different from Donald Trump.  This guy wasn't in it for money just a compulsion to movie watching.  He buys, watches and sells them.  Simple as that.  He said he keeps one every now and again, mainly to rewatch a scene.  He was a movie lover, but definetly no movie buff.  I heard him mess up the names of several,  The Remembrance of the Day .  When I mentioned  Fisher King(1991)  he hadn't heard of it and explained that he wasn't into most new movies.  What a character.  A few booths later I got The Cardigans'  First Band on the Moon  and Tonic's  Lemon Parade .  They were priced for 3 dollars.  I already had my money out and said, "How about 5 ?"  She agreed.  I walked away with two good albums, unscratched, at prices only   BMG  and the 3 for $5 rack at   Wherehouse  compare to.    Even though I wanted to watch them I asked a lady at another video booth what she'd give me for my prized five.  She only offered to buy  Affliction , the one I was happiest to have gotten.  I told her I'd come back in a week or two.  It would have been cool to make a profit same day like that.  I never was the biggest fan of  Apollo 13 , but I'll give it a second chance.  I've seen (and like) the others, except for  Ready To Wear .  I got this because it stars Tim Robbins and is directed by Robert Altman, someone I've been meaning to check out.  I would rather build a collection than make a buck.  I manned the heat for another couple hours while my dad perused through miles and miles more of tools.  He'd chat with the vendors.  It was great.  We were headed toward the car a couple times when he'd see something he hadn't seen.  I got a little bored with it then realized, "If this entire place were movies I would be just as content."  We finally walked to the car.  I felt like I was swimming to an island those last twenty feet.  All in all, it was a good time shared by me, dad, and several hundred sweaty people.  Anything for the deal.     