  						    It's funny how life changes in a year  I was eating alone and she asked if she could sit with me.  I told her,"Yeah".  After getting food she sat down across the table.  We covered the small talk topics, "How was your summer?"and "What classes are you taking?".  I hadn't seen her since May.    The story began two Februarys ago.  Our friendship was six weeks old.  As the kids often phrase it,I started 'liking' her.  I didn't submit this to God.  I did later but by that point I was already trapped.  There was virtually no basis for my feelings or my thought that something could happen.  Nothing more than passing glances; glances,mind you, that I read into but that meant nothing.    I waited for the right time to tell her but it was obvious.  I was such an idiot.  I held onto this virtue of patience and missed out on what God intended our friendship to be.  Me and my ideals, they only get me in trouble.  Over the summer I anticipated her return.  I thought I'd tell her how I felt then.  I  imagined it to be the start of something.  I was such an idiot.    In August I finally became submissive and gave it up to God.  I prayed for almost two months.  By then I was pretty sure nothing would happen, but still felt it necessary we talk.  One night in October during what I deemed 'Catch-up Week' I told her.  Just as I had suspected, she wanted only friendship.  I was over her instantly,long before the conversation could end.  I had never felt better.  Ok, maybe a few times, but this night ranked at the top.  I compared the feeling to the relief of having cancer surgically removed.  As friends in this circumstance often do, we agreed for things not to be weird.  And they never were.    Then yesterday as we sat there together I had a realization.  For the first time I saw a friend, instead of my regret.  It hurts to think that I missed out on so much friendship because I sought after my will and not God's.  Still, I'm thankful that He's been making it all right again.  He fixes what is broken, even shattered glass.       