  						    Picket Lines  I hate that new car smell of the first day of school.  Everyone is so happy to see everyone else.  My theory is that they're pretending.  Just one other way that our lives are like  The Truman Show .  It's not that I mind everyone being all excited, it's just that in a couple of weeks the newness will have worn off.  If we could keep this show going, I'd love it.  It's not really that all of this annoys me, but that I find all of this to be very surreal.  It's even stranger that no one else seems to notice.    I was going to eat, but the long lines of people I don't know deterred me.  So I came back to my room in hopes things will calm down a bit.  I usually make it a point to not stand in long lines, if there's any way around it.  This is an odd little fact about me, a quirk if you will, so I thought I'd share it with you.  Thinking about it brought to mind this song.   Some Fantastic  words and music by Barenaked Ladies  One day I will build a fountain Drink and never grow old Then I'll market an elixir that will eliminate the common cold Find your sickness on my list Pay up front and make a wish  One day I will work with animals All the tests I'm gonna do All my stuff's completely natural And when we're done we'll boil 'em down for glue that we can use to re-adhere your lips to mine if you were here  There's a lot I will never do Some fantastic, I know it's true But none as much as my want to be with you  I can't stand to wait in line long So I built a new machine It just measures up the distance and then eliminates the folks between  One day I'll construct a satellite and I'll name it after you 'Cause you were the greatest friend of all except for when you split my lip in two To see the look upon your face as I launch you into space  There's a lot I will never do Some fantastic, I know it's true But none as much as my want to be with you  Bye-bye self-respect I haven't had much of it since you left I missed out on the best of you  Some day I will find the secret to your social chemistry Then I'll print it on a t-shirt and it'll make you want to be with me If I wear it past your work you'll see other guys are jerks Much like pheromones for flies you will not avoid my eyes  There's a lot I will never do Some fantastic, I know it's true But none as much as my want to be with you  Bye-bye self-respect I haven't had much of it since you left I missed out on the best of you     