  						    Service with a Smile  The other night I went with some people to Steak n' Shake.  I had to sort through some things so I told Donna that I was going to walk down to Burger King.  I prayed as I walked.  I would have gone right up and ordered something but this one guy was standing there running off at the mouth.  I didn't want to get too close.  I sat down in an empty booth next to the window.  I spilled the concerns of my mind onto pages.  Even as he blabbered away, I thought to myself, "I'm at peace."   Even though it was momentary that was nice.    The talker rambled on about how smart his dog was, how he had trained the dog to kiss people and to pucker up when girls walked by.  This guy was about 50-something, and sounded like he was from up north.  He could earn the 'Cliff Clavin know-it-all merit badge' with no sweat.  He talked a lot about discipline.  He said he broke everyday down into one hour increments of study, part of this time he spends studying scripture.  The girl at the counter asked, "Are you a preacher or something?"  He answered, "No, I just like the Bible."  If anything it sounded to me like he'd think salvation was based on works.    While he talked I looked around and observed something odd.  Twice they handed this guy food but I don't remember hearing him stop talking, or seeing him eat.  A father was helping his grade school son study for a history test with index cards.  I was going to eat, but I wasn't there for that.  I was there as escape.  I thought, "Is anyone in here to eat?"    The guy at long last sat down.  I walked up and asked for a cheeseburger, small fry and water.  I spent my last couple dollars on the meal.  My receipt said, 9:47.  The girl brought me ketchup and I asked her if they did close at 10.  Affirmative.  The chairs were turned up on the tables.  She swept.      On his way out the talker stopped her one last time.  He said that he had been a cop in New York and asked "You know what my favorite fast food place was even then?"  She answered, "Uh,Burger King?"  "Yeah...You know why?   Because they put friendliness first and making money second."  Then he added that McDonald's has it the other way around.  I questioned the validity of the statement, but felt it was a nice note for him to end on.  A complement of sorts.  Because I could sense it wasn't the easiest thing to pull off that friendliness, but she did.  She could have nicely said that she needed to get to work.  She could have said that just to get home on time, but she didn't.  That says something.  That's service with a smile.  I walked back to the door I came in, to exit now.  It was locked.  I said, "I'm just causing you all kind of trouble ain't I?"  She assured me not.  We told one another to have a goodnight.  That was a nice moment.  I almost felt human.         