  						    Prophecy  God's given me the spiritual gift of faulty prophetic vision.  Let me explain.  Sometimes I get the feeling that something traumatic is about to happen.  This propels me into prayer.  These prayers are not of the 'scared and alone' kind, but moreso they are of the 'God is my strength and shield' variety.  Then everything turns out fine.   It happened again last night.  Donna had gone to Steak and Shake with other friends.  I had stayed behind to do some things.  I told her I'd walk out and talk to her at 2 when she'd get back.  At 2 she called from her cell phone.  It would be another 20 minutes.  At 2:20 I walked out to her parking spot.  It had been raining and the wind was howling.  There was talk of tornadoes in the area.  Funnel clouds had been spotted earlier.  She wasn't there.  I wondered if there had been a wreck.  What was the hold up?  I thought about that last phone call.  I wondered if that was the last time I'd hear her voice and if there was anything left unsaid.  I wondered if I would ever see her or the others again.  I wasn't worried sick. All of this wondering while I prayed.  I prayed for God to prepare me.  I prayed that if anything like this were to happen and she died that how I dealt with the loss would be a testimony of my faith.  I knew it would take God preparing me for that.  I knew I needed to be more grateful.   Finally I saw the headlights.  She had arrived.  My worry had departed.  Still, I didn't feel foolish for thinking something might have happened.  People sometimes dismiss such fear upon everything working out,or upon seeing the person arrive safely.  The fear isn't exactly irrational.  Making it through a day alive proves nothing.   Yet again it proves so much.  It doesn't prove that the proverbial coast is clear never to be obstructed again.  It does prove that God is the giver of life.  We need to be more grateful.  Life is more than life itself.  Life is more than this world of carbon and oxygen.  Life is eternal.  Eternity is spent either with or without God;forever at peace or at war.   Donna's life is a testimony of her faith.  If she were to die I have no doubt that she would be in heaven.  I hope people say the same of me.   She parked the car and got out.  The others had already gone.  I hugged her and before explaining said,"I don't want to ever take another second for granted."     