  						    Qualms with Chapel  So, I went to chapel today for the first time all semester.  I'm commonly known as a 'chapel skipper'.  The main reason I don't go is because of my natural inhibition to rebel when people insist certain behavior is necessary and proper.  These people seem to be going because it would look bad if they didn't.  Call me a rebel, but that's not the right reason.  I went today and this was quite possibly the first time I was truly worshipful.  I just closed my eyes and sang my heart out to my Lord and Savior.  Then I got to thinking about chapel and why I've been so against it at times.  Here are a few reasons.    1. Too often my heart isn't right when I go to chapel.  That's my fault.  Then when I see everyone joyous and worshipful my first instinct is that it isn't real for most of them; sometimes I have specific people in mind.  The devil points my finger and calls them hypocrite.  I agree so easily, when in actuality it is me.   2. One can get the feeling that everyone else is close to God.  At the present time everyone seems to be in unity.  That leaves one feeling left out.  I don't like feeling left out.  This makes me not like chapel.  That's my fault, again. 3. In line with that unity is a tendency for the crowd to 'amen' seemingly anything without a question or pause.  The crowd often seems for or against something blindly.  Ah yes, fundamentalism.  The general consensus seems to be that their conclusion is clearly the only right one.  Sometimes those issues are unsettled in my own mind and heart.  Again, I feel left out and this time I'm not sure who's fault that is. 4. Another thing that gets to me is when speakers appeal to the emotions.  It too regularly seems as though they are more interested in drawing forth ovation and words of approval than worship of God.    Also, I had the idea today that maybe its wrong to clap after songs are performed.  We can say we're clapping for God all day long, but I don't think most of us think of it that way.  Whether I'm right or wrong this happened today and I was distracted.  It didn't help me focus any.  I'm definetly going to add more later.  Until Wednesday, peace out.     