  						    Delilah Works at Master Cuts  Today I rode to the mall with Donna where we met my mother.  Donna was getting/turning in applications.  I caught a ride with her so my mom wouldn't have to drive so far to get me.  If you don't already know I don't drive.  I was returning home for the weekend and mom wanted to take me to get some new clothes.  I got Chik-Fil-A and they watched me eat.    Jeremy Cook  was on lunch break so he ate his Manchu Wok at our table.  After we were finished eating I tried to persuade Donna to come along and 'help pick out my clothes'.  She hates shopping, so that was a no go. I was against the idea of buying new clothes at first, but finally succumbed.  It ended up that I was there with my mother as she bought herself clothes.  Emotional support.  I can understand though, you can't turn away from a good sale.  I did find one shirt.  Yeah, its nice.  It's an odd feeling to be standing in the middle of the women's clothes while your mother is God knows where.  I know three year olds can relate.   All day long my mother was suggesting I get my hair cut.  I insisted, "but mom, everyone else likes it...".  I told her of people who had complemented my hair.  She was like, "I wish they'd stop saying that.  They aren't helping my case."  It was up to me, but she is better at persuasion than I am.  It's a trick.  So there we were at Master Cuts... The girl told us it would be about fifteen minutes.  While waiting I scurried down to Wherehouse Music.  There I picked up three new cd's for five dollars.  I got back in under ten but I had missed my chance.  Someone else had taken the chair.  So we sat and waited.  I was excessively thirsty and ready to listen to the new music.  At long last, it was my turn. All I wanted was a little trim.  I wanted to maintain as much of the thickness and length as possible.  I told her this and she seemed to get it.  She said, "You want a no-haircut,haircut"  She was onto something, or so I thought. She cut almost two inches off in length and its thinned out now.  People don't listen for anything.  Then I paid with my credit card and she gave herself a three dollar tip.  3 dollars to mess up my hair.  Has she any idea how long it took me to grow that out?  What an idiot.  This sets me back a few months.  I feel defeated and am not sure I'll ever grow it back out.  Such a tragic loss.  I empathize with Samson more now.  By the way, these are the cd's I got: Deep Blue Something-  Home  Big Wreck-  In Loving Memory Of...  Big Wreck-  The Pleasure and The Greed   I learned about Big Wreck in an article that I read at the coffeehouse last night.  I found it highly interesting to find them the next day.  I've like what I've heard of these three so far.    Well, that completes this post.          