  						    Missing Pieces,pt. 2    written today:  I was talking to my dad about this Friday.  I said, "It's weird to miss someone you don't really know."  He said, "Yeah,but you did know him."   Dad told me that I had forgotten what it was like to know him, so that makes it feel like I didn't know him at all.  My dad spoke with candor about his father.  He told me how his life had revolved around alcohol and that because of this he didn't show much love to his children.  He added, as he always does,"But he loved you."  This has always been spoken of like some legacy by my father and that makes me miss this man all the more.    He died when I was 7 or 8.  I remember the funeral.  Dad told me through his tears that it was okay to cry.  I understood this,but even then tears didn't just pour from me.  I wanted to cry but only could manage some.  I knew this was something heavy.  It rained hard that afternoon.  That night my very large extended family gathered in the room he died in.  This room was already being transformed from his sick room to the den it had been before he got cancer.  We all went around the room and said something we remembered about him.  I remembered a night only days before he died.  I laid on his bed with him and he watched television.  He flipped channels and passed  Pete's Dragon .  I asked him if I could watch it and he turned it back for me.  He had rarely let the grandkids have any say over the tv.  Something so simple meant so much to me.  It's what I remember clearest about him.    They went through his belongings.  I got a golf cap,a baseball hat and an old watch he had worn.  I've long since lost these items.  I don't miss them.  I miss him and I feel like I didn't even know him.  To top this off I was reminded that the last time I saw my best friend Chris was in January.  He came and visited for a week after Christmas.  He moved to Atlanta in May of 2001.  It was 7 months before then that I had seen him.  We've been friends for eight years, but in the past couple years the outward expression of that friendship seems to be weak.  I miss that.  I miss him.    I sit here writing in an attempt to collect all the missing pieces and in vain hope to lose no more.  Thank you for humoring me.     