  						    Missing Pieces   written Thursday:  This afternoon Zach told me he was headed back home.  I said,"They say you can never go home again",sheerly for absurdity but as it turns out this simple statement foreshadowed the rest of the day.  After classes Donna and I drove to my parent's house in Ashford.  We reasoned this to be a good place to study up for our second Dr. Lee exam tomorrow.  This test covers Proverbs,Ecclesiastes and Song of Solomon.    When we got to town I took her around to see all the sites, everything from my old high school to both of my old churches.  The autumn air moved up my sleeve and nose.  This was putting me in the spirit of the season.  I kept saying how I love this town, how I miss it, how I love the weather now.   I went on about garage sale Saturdays of laying in the fallen leaves.  I miss feeling all that I did feel then, but these days are better.  With every landmark I recalled stories from my childhood and adolescence.  I even explained the how and why that I feel disconnected from this, my hometown.  I wanted to be there.  I wanted to stay.  I miss a lot of things.  Reminiscence was my only vein of thought.  Names and faces long forgotten were restored to my memory.  The stories were as crisp as the leaves.  She wondered why I never talked to some of those I grew up with anymore, some of whom lived right down the road.  It's not simple really.  It all goes back to how disconnected I feel.  I want to remember the zestful me.  We drove around this countryside for an hour.  I recalled bike rides,hay rides,and rides with both my father and driver's ed. teacher,Coach Hicks.  I pointed at many houses and told her brief information about the inhabitants, and our background together.  I connected all the people and all the stories.  There were no loose ends.    Then we went to see my grandmother.  I hadn't seen her in a few weeks.  This was Donna's first time meeting her.  Granny told me that she loved and missed me.  I told her the same.  She's always asking my parents when I'm coming home.  I don't very often and then the meetings are all too brief.  I want to stay in the loop. I don't want to miss her.  I want to be there with her.  I'm glad I got to sit and talk with her like that.  I hate to imagine that she has to be alone sometimes.  Then we started going through the pictures.  I went through and told Donna who these people were.  These people were my family and I had never felt closer.  Looking through a box of pictures and newspaper clippings reminded me what this family means to me.  I realized that I miss them.  This all started when I saw a picture from nearly 60 years ago of my grandparents.  This got me searching for a more recent picture of my deceased grandfather.  I was reminded how much I've always missed him.    to be continued...        