  						    I'm not a sell-out.  I'm not a sell-out,nor do I plan to become one.  Hardly ever do I find myself hanging out with the guys anymore.  I think its assumed that I've got other plans.  That is not a safe assumption.  I may always end up doing something but that doesn't mean that I would have turned you down.  Today,like many Saturdays, Justin and I ate lunch at Super Canton.  Me and Jeff usually make it to the Waffle House at least once a week.  Sean regularly accompanies us.  A couple times a week Michael Miller and I eat dinner together and chat about Rock 'n' Roll.  Rich and I often conversate on our way in from class.      I'm thankful for all of these guys and the unmentioned others who mean just as much.  I'm thankful for all the time we do get to hang out.  I have to wonder how to make my friendships work more efficiently.  I'm sorry if I haven't seemed to care.  I'm sorry if I never seem to want to spend any time with you.  That's not the case.  I'm not saying you've been bad friends.  I'm not saying its your fault things have been like this.  It's more likely mine.  I want to make things right.  Tonight Justin and Jeff went to see  The Ring .  I hope they have fun.  I was planning to go.  Justin had invited me and it looked to be a good time.  I just wasn't sure I wanted to and I wasn't sold on the movie(not that it didn't look good,it did but if I wanted to afford it).  Maybe that's a lame reason. I've had my time with all of them here and there, but there's been almost none recently that we collectively were together.  I miss that.  Perhaps I have to show interest somehow, in each of them,in each of our friendships.  I'd hate for anyone to think I'm only spending time with them while waiting for something better.  God's given me some amazing friends.  I thank God for all of you.    So tell me how not to suck as a friend.  Tell me when you want or need to talk.  Tell me if I'm being a jerk.  If I turn you down everytime you ask, I don't mean to be that way.  Tell me if I am,please.       