  						    Trial and Error  Last night in Wal-Mart I stood at the headset of the electronics department giving a listen to a number of albums.  I'll try anything once.    Here's a list:  Gordon Lightfoot   - With a name like this you've got to wonder.  I had to test it,but yes Roger that's a no-go.  Mazzy Star   -not my cup,not my tea.  I don't think it was bad though.    Jennifer Love Hewitt -  BareNaked .  Just because the majority of the male population would love to see her this way,it gives her no right to give this dose of gross a moniker similar to that of one of my favorite bands,Barenaked Ladies. No one with taste said she had the right to make so-called music either, but that didn't stop her.  Tis' the beauty of supply and demand.  Julian Lennon - You can hear John hauntingly clear.  Hey Jude, you don't make it bad.  I liked this a good deal.  Jackson Browne - Naked Ride Home .  What's the deal with all the naked talk?  The title of this actually intrigues me.  The snippets I heard were diggable.  Jerry Lee Lewis - There were several "best of..." colllections for 6 bucks.  I don't care much for this guy, but he put out a few good tunes.  I was near to buying one,but wasn't sure which disc was best.  What I heard got me a'rockin'!    Paul Oakenfield - I had no clue what this was, just gave it a shot.  Some weird dance music if I remember correctly.  Anyway, I know I didn't like it at all.  I scanned  Silence  by Blindside and something by Living Sacrifice but there was no data for either UPC.  I was disappointed.  On the ride up I played  Disgruntled  by Everyday Life.  This group is basically early rap core.  This is a cd that when younger I liked, but as I got older I deemed it garbage.  Upon a fresh listening of it I found that I do in fact like it quite well.    I've often said that an easy way to know if you really really like a band is if you can't decide which of their albums is your favorite.  A few posts ago I said that  Bringing Down The Horse  beat  Breach  as my favorite of the Wallflowers,but I've been listening to the latter release the couple days since then;I realize I don't really know which ranks highest.  Currently, I'm thinking  Breach  takes the cake.  Who knows, maybe the next one will blow them both out of the water.     