White Flag  by Dido  I know you think that I shouldn't still love you or tell you that. But if I didn't say it well I'd still have felt it, where's the sense in that I promise I'm not trying to make your life harder  Or return to where we were but  I will go down with this ship and I won't put my hands up and surrender  There will be no white flag above my door, I'm in love and always will be   I know I left too much mess and destruction to come back again  And I caused but nothing but trouble,  I understand if you can't talk to me again  And if you live by the rules of "it's over" then I'm sure that that makes sense but  I will go down with this ship and I won't put my hands up and surrender  There will be no white flag above my door, I'm in love and always will be   And when we meet, which I'm sure we will  All that was there, will be there still  I'll let it pass, and hold my tongue  And you will think, that I've moved on....   I will go down with this ship and I won't put my hands up and surrender  There will be no white flag above my door, I'm in love and always will be     August of 2004 this song came out.  It seemed to capture everything I was feeling at the time when S left.  It was a strange twist of fate that it played on the radio only moments after he walked out my door for the last time.  It was then that I knew it'd be fine and it was okay to still love someone even if they won't be there.  And once again six months later this song captures my thoughts.  S told me he would never say goodbye and I believed him.  He said he always wanted to be my friend, I believed him.  Again six months later M told me he'd never say goodbye and I believed him.  I have lost two people who were very close to me.  So here I sit pretending that I'm okay and if I saw either one I'd pretend everything was great, but it's just not.    I'm too afraid to get close to anyone.  To be free and open and let myself love.  I'm not afraid to fall in love, I'm afraid of loving too much.  I never gave care or worry to being vulnerable but now I try so hard to make people know that I don't care and I'm too strong to let anything get to me.  Well that's not true.  The only two people who I could talk to and who understood the real me are gone.  The ones who knew my insecurities and knew my thoughts before I even thought them.  How can I let another in?    "Better to have loved and lost then to never have loved at all" fuck that