When I was a little bit younger and you would have asked me if I'd ever been in love I would have told you yes, 3 times.    That was until I met S and realized that my other "loves" were nothing short of the feeling of wanting to be loved.  As I was truly falling love with the man I thought would be my forever, I knew that there was nothing else like it and that no matter what happened with us I would always love him.  Almost 3 years after we broke up I still know in my heart that I will always love him.   It's a deep nurtured love that doesn't just disappear, a love that grew over time and a love that we strove to maintain and perfect.    Then there's M.  I love him with all my heart and probably always will.   It's a different love, it's a love that came more from a connection rather than having it grow over time.  It was as if one day I woke up and just loved him.  I care for no other reason than I feel I must, I feel like there's some greater reason we know each other.    Here I am now starting a new relationship wondering if I could ever love this man.  I like him a lot and he really truly makes me happy.  When S and I parted ways for the 3rd and last time he told me about the man that I deserved to be with.  So here this man is, sitting in front of me, giving me what I want and being what I need.  I'm not the type of person to date someone and wonder if he could be the one I marry and have children with.  I don't think about our future endeavors, I get as far as a few months from now but that's as far as my mind wanders.  With JB, I'm thinking about things that I hardly even thought about in my 5 years with S.  But is it because he looks so good on paper and has all the things I would want in a man?  Or is this going to be the quiet kind of love that just sneaks up on you and grows over time?  Maybe I just need to sit back and enjoy what I have now and stop overthinking things.  You cannot judge your new relationships based on past.  Love comes in many different packages and no love will ever make you feel the same as an old love.  Nor does it take away from what you once had.  It's just different.