It's Monday again.  A day that is used solely for reflection on the events of the weekend.  I had an absolute blast this weekend, aside from a little Kit Kat overdose everything was great (=P).    Friday was one of those nights that you forget you have any worries or any responsibilities.  I ran into one of my mom's best friends and she got to see me in rare ...or not so rare... form.  Haven't seen her in probably a  year and a half, she didn't even recognize me.  I had my contacts in and apparently my hair was "so straight" and "so blonde".   Saturday was an interesting event.  I laid on the couch until 5pm when the hangover gods decided enough was enough and let me up.  I headed over to Kit Kat's to hit the pool and get ready for our date.  Yes our date.  JB called with a proposal for a double date of sorts. Kit Kat and I were both nervous about who this person would turn out to be.  As we walked over to JB's house Kit Kat turned all shades of green as we imagined the possibilities of this blind date.  In the end all was well and we were both happy with the results.  We drank and played cards until all 4 of us were ready to pass out.    Sunday took a lot of strength for me.  The plan was to have a swim in the morning, head to Johnson Creek for a little shoppy shoppy, head downtown to nosh before the game and then hit the Buck's game.  But alas, I laid around JB's for too long and we never made it to Johnson Creek nor to lunch.    But the game...oh the game.  Even though we sat in the section where the living are like the dead, we had a great time.  Starting out with a heavy lead and keeping that lead until the half, the Buck's seemed to be kicking the Knicks' asses.  But the second half was not so pretty...losing by a skim 2 points at 103-101, the disappointment weighed heavily.   I still blame Kit Kat for her sex bet on the game.    Here I sit Monday morning, trying to remember exactly what work I am supposed to be doing.  Why does Sunday always have to lead to Monday?