I was cleaning out my old emails on yahoo and came across this email.  For those of you who know the Peter story you will find this hilarious.  For those of you who don't, well last April I met a boy who really took me by surprise.  He was h-o-t and sweet to boot.  It was the first time in over a year that I actually wanted to spend time with somebody.  But alas he was a disfunctional man who couldn't get past what his ex had done to him and was too scared to do anything about what he was feeling...so he became known as "No Show Schenk (or NSS)", as you can imagine why.    Anyway, read on:  From: Peter Schenk   Sent: Tuesday, April 01, 2003 12:47 AM To: Lisa  Subject: More pictures...you love it!   I know, I know...I'm completely bombarding you with emails.  But I figure if I have to wait to see you I might as well type something, just to let you know I'm thinking of you.  I don't know why I'm still awake at 12:30, knowing fully that I need to be at work in the morning...but I've kind of got that nervous yet excited/wish I had spent more time with you on saturday vibe happening.  And if you've ever tried to sleep while your mind raced through a thousand and one moments of memory, you know exactly how I'm feeling.  I should warn you though, I majored in journalism in college...so I do tend to babble on quite a bit, but I enjoy writing so you'll just have to make do.    And what's running through my head you ask?  Well I'll tell  you.  It's the little things that have me smiling tonight.  It's the silly fact that after you left on saturday I found myself tasting my own lips, as sad as that may sound, for a hint of the taste you left behind.  The idea that I'm not quite sure but I think I may have felt a belly-button ring on  you at some point while we danced?  And of how it felt to be kissed...of how for some reason you had me completely suckered in, as if for one brief moment I was in total agreement that the world did in fact revolve around you (refer to that little hand gesture you enjoy performing).  And now I feel as if I've officially said too much.  I will ad this last tib bit however, it is a hard thing indeed to leave when you kiss me the way you do.  You've got this mystic yet compelling way of letting me know that everything around us is just scenery, and I love that. So needless to say, I cannot wait to see you again...I'm wearing this ever present grin on my face ;)  'nite Tulip.  Kit Kat - See they all have some kind of bullshit they like to spin.