So, I thought all men could be categorized into three easy groups: 1.) The One Night Stands -Easily excused as "Oops I Did it Again" 2.) The Bootycall Boys- Convenient pleasure for the girl on the go with no time for   relationship drama...  And Finally, 3.) The Relationship Boys - ..It's been so long since I've ran into a non retarded one I can't even give you an accurate definition...   I thought I had it down pat when out of nowhere comes what I have deemed The Extended One Night Stand.  Example: Scott.  Met him Saturday night. He let me wear his hat all night, held my hand throughout the bar while proudly introducing me to his friends, kissed me when I lost the dart game for us... Of course, came home with me (c'mon, he gave me his hat).  I'm thinking "woo hoo- one night stand" because, though it's not the norm for me, it's a damn good thing to have occasionally.  Plus he's only 23, what more could he want?    After a shared night of good good lovin, he talks about how it 'means something' that we were both sober when we first started talking, how he's going to buy me a pink hat to match his blue one I was wearing, something about playing cards right and having a future (??)...And, while partially falling in love with the idea of possibly someday marrying this guy in matching trucker  hats,  I'm expecting him to hightail it first thing in the morning with a hasty kiss and half hearted 'i'll call you'.  Wrong.    He lounged with me for a good part of the day, kissed my neck as I made breakfast, cuddled on the couch, little kisses on my head here and there, joked how he was glad I "was rejected" by his friend (who he swears I was after in the first place), would have stayed longer had I not kicked him out.  Called twice the next night, came over, held my hand through Comedy Central and my friend Leslie's man-bashing, had hours of foreplay -breaking only for the Simpsons, Friends, and liquids- and he left for work the next morning after offering a huge 'take my breath away' bear hug and kiss on the cheek (to avoid the already forewarned death breath).  The start of a beautiful friendship, right?? Wrong AGAIN.   Had he not called after the first night, I would have understood.  Had he said he's not looking for anything serious, I would have accepted that.  Lord knows I knew it wouldn't go too far anyway, but COME ON.  Don't reference 'our' future if you don't know what you're talking about.  I know marriage doesn't spring from one night stands, but if you're not going to stick it out for more than a week, don't even bother pretending you can pass yourself off as a Level 3.  BOYS, I know you think you rule this world, but you CANNOT invent your own categories!!  And they say women are confusing...