I feel the need to ramble for a few minutes.  Unfortunately it's Monday and that means the weekend is over and the week has begun.  So I'd like to relive my weekend.  My Friday started out on a very positive note, details which will not be divulged for privacy reasons, but you know who you are and you know what you did.  The rest of my evening was spent relaxing watching movies at Kit Kat's and hanging out doing not much of anything.  Something I wasn't able to do all week and deeply needed.     Saturday started out worrisome.  I decided to change up my hair a bit and break out the dye.  What was meant to be more of a blond with some reddish highlights turned out to make me into a full fledged redhead once again.  I freaked out and resigned myself to the house for the next month.  But each time I caught myself in the mirror I liked it more and more.  So I decided I could leave the house,  I spent the rest of the day shopping for cues and a late lunch with dude.  After taking a short-lived nap we played let's see how annoyed we can make Lisa.  That was fun let me tell ya =)  In the end I opted to spend the last part of my evening at the bar for a bit and shoot some pool.  Little did I know that this choice would lead me to be molested by a drunk guy wearing an afro wig.   Sunday was spent listening to Madden in the background as I read the paper.  Lounging around doing nothing and feeling bad that I was doing nothing...so instead I went down the road to Kit Kat's and did nothing there =)  Ate, swam, watched a "Sex and the City" marathon, flipped through catalogs and gave myself a half assed pedicure.  I think I may be turning into a girl here.   All in all, it was all time well spent.  The laundry didn't get done, my room didn't get cleaned, my car didn't get washed, and the bills didn't get paid... but my only regret is that I didn't spend much of my time outside in the 55 degree heat wave we had both days.    Back to the hair, so far I've got: 1 it's beautiful, 3 I love its, 2 I like its, 1 it's just not you but I'll get used to it and 1 it's not that bad.  Hmmm...