I feel like I'm waiting for something.  I think this happens every year around this time. The weather is starting to get nice but the cold and wet still lingers.  We want to pack up our sweaters and bring out the shorts and t-shirts.  I'm waiting for the city to come alive again. For people to be walking on the streets and for the sound of motorcycles and the sound of kids playing outside.    Changing seasons in Wisconsin is like going on a roller coaster ride.  We stand in line for what can sometimes be hours.  Slowly making our way up to the platform.  We talk to each other about all the different color gums stuck on the walls and the guy 3 rows ahead of us who keeps picking his butt.  Then as we get closer to the platform, the line stops.  What's going on up there?  The ride better not be broken, we think.  Then we start moving a little again.  Then we're held behind the yellow line for what seems like an absolute eternity.  Craning our necks past the wall watching for the coaster to return, our hearts jump as we see it.  We're just waiting for that silver bar to open and let us free.  Then it's off for the crazy ride, we fight a little about which side of the car to sit and the operator warns us to keep our hands and feet inside the car at all times.  Screaming through each loop and over each hill and each jerky corner, we don't want it to end.  Then as soon as it began the car is slowing down and pulling back into the station.  That was too quick we think.  Maybe the operator will let us go again.  As the lap bar releases we pause just a few moments pretending we don't have to get off.  We even pause on the ramp exiting the platform and look back to see all the happy faces getting on the car and taking the seats we just had.   Then we go stand in line at another roller coaster.     wait    v. wait·ed, wait·ing, waits   1.  To remain or rest in expectation.    2.  To tarry until another catches up.  3.  To remain or be in readiness.  4.  To remain temporarily neglected, unattended to, or postponed.  I hate waiting.