What a great weekend...I don't think it could have been any more perfect.  Friday night's party was a great turn out.  It was nice to get all the girl's in the same room again, and Angie and I have decided to have a "real" party very soon.  I could have gone without the drama with her and Brian, but I'm loving life without drama so I'm just glad it wasn't mine. Then SuperFreak's drama with Matt, I love SuperFreak to death so I'll go through just about anything for/with her.   I just hope these things don't come to bite me in the ass when all is said and done.  Headed to O'Brien's and kicked it with the kickball teams.  Ivana's team as well as Sharon's team was there...nice turn out, nice talking to everyone.  I woke up around 7 Saturday morning and got myself ready for the trip.  Showered, shaved, packed, ate breakfast and even had time to spare.  I went to the bank to get some moola...saw S's truck outside the bank so I drove over to the gas station to stall.  Not quite sure why I didn't want to see him..maybe I didn't want to break my mood.  Went to mama's house to drop off a check and then headed over to pick up JB.  I was a little early so we had some time before we needed to leave...spent the time wisely (cough).  The motel was really nice and it was good to get out of town even if it was just for the night.  JB and I had a blast together.  Considering the only people I knew was the bride (barely the groom) and her mother him and I had drinks together and were pretty much in our own world at the bar and the reception.  We went out to have a smoke and he started playing football with some kids that were out there.  Drunk me decided it would be a good idea to play a little D.  I did a good job too..tipped the ball before he could catch it and tackled him in the process.  Landed on top of him with my dress showing off my best 'ass'et.  Quite comical really...good times!!!    Sunday was pleasant and relaxing.  After a nice breakfast at the local greasy spoon we headed homeward.  But not before stopping at the gas station and meeting Cheeng...Cheech and Chong's long lost cousin...the gas station attendant who declared JB and I to be in love.  Love the way JB handled it btw.  After we got home and took care of some business we went to the golf range.  He was quite impressed with my swing as well as how I hit the ball.    Later that day I went blading with KitKat around the Fox River and just about died as we walked back to her apt.  Had dinner at the Red Rooster and headed home to watch myself a movie...which I might add had me crying for good portions of it.    I had a nice, fun, relaxing weekend.  I'm not even complaining that I'm at work!!!!