I can't decide what's harder, quitting smoking or quitting someone you love.  Craving a cigarette is much the same as craving attention from someone you love.  Wanting to pick up that pack and light one up mirrors the desire to pick up the phone and call that special someone.  Taking that first drag and inhaling the sweet taste feels just as good as hearing their voice as they answer the phone.     it's all bout willpower. Controlling yourself to not buy that pack, to not bum that cigarette, to not steal that drag.  Convincing yourself that you don't need it, you don't want it and you're better off without it.  Controlling yourself not to make that phone call, not to send that email or text message, and not to go to the places you think they might be.  Convincing yourself that you don't need them, you don't love them and you will be fine without them.    Then after a period of time you begin to forget why you smoked in the first place.  You forget why that person was so special to you.  Your health improves.  Your heart stops hurting.  You remember getting winded walking up the stairs and the coughing fits you suffered.  You remember how they would push your buttons and all the fights you ever had.  Until you reach the point of not caring about those things and only remembering fondly how great a cigarette tasted with a beer, after a meal or after sex.  You remember how that person brightened your morning, afternoon or night just by being around.  But it's okay cuz you don't need that cigarette or their love anymore.  Until....you are faced with the temptation once again.  Someone is smoking and it smells so good.  Just one drag.  You see something that reminds you of that lost love and your dying to tell them about it.  One email wouldn't hurt.  So you slip and have a cigarette.  So you send that email.  As long as you don't start the cycle over, what's the harm?  But it's an addiction...one slip leads to two and then to three and then suddenly you're into old habits again.  I can't decide what's harder, quitting smoking or quitting someone I love.