Wow, I was pretty drunk in that last entry, couldn't seem to find the correct keys =)  Crazy fun this weekend.  Friday I went and saw   Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind   with Kit Kat on Friday.  Very good movie.  I used to think that I wanted to just forget all the memories of an ex just to be able to move on however after viewing this movie I really understood how much it would destroy me to not have the good as well as bad memories that we made together.  Sometimes you think pain is unbearable, but as they say "don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened".  This trippy movie about erasing people from your memory gets 2 thumbs up!!!  The effects in this movie were eerie and even gave me goose pimples.  Plus this movie made me laugh out loud which most of Jim Carrey does.  Playing a pathetic lonely romantic brooder, his character is nothing like I've seen him play before and he pulls it off with an air of quirkiness that only Carey can.  And with that I'll stop before I start sounding like a movie reviewer.  After the movie we stopped for a drink at Amann's to celebrate my newly singe not so much a brother Matt's birthday.  I took Kit Kat back to her car and then went back to the bar to party it up with my good time pals.  Matt, Chris, Chad, Clay, Wes, Adam, Joel, Tim, Jim, Jeff, Paul and I all decided we'd see how much alcohol 12 people could drink.  I showed the girls for a free bottle of champagne (I wasn't even drunk at that point!!! but I took one for the team since I was the only partier who had tits =)) Keri and Kim joined in later and we all had a dance off...and the winner is Chris who decided to create a mosh pit out of us as 6 of us swayed back and forth in a circle singing (more like yelling) "You've lost that lovin' feelin".  Thanks Chris for the sore shoulder =)  Saturday was a  day for family.  Ate some food, threw the football around and then the softball.  Ate some cake, watched some tv.  Wrestled with my cousin's kiddies for a while and then headed home.  Shopping with Kit Kat to prepare for our night out.  Headed out to Rooter's around 10 to see   Mt. Olive  .  Ran into Jax and her crew.  Got offered $700 to have sex with Chuckie...uh no!  I agreed to find a girl for a $200 finder's fee ;)  Good times, lots of dancing and lots of drinking, finished the night with shots of tequila.  Flashdance and her crew weren't my cup of tea though, I'm starting to feel out of place at these things.  Kit Kat and I suffered a giggle fit later at her crib, trying to make grilled cheese she decided she didn't need heat to cook hers and though the butter would work better on the INSIDE of the sandwich!!!!  I was rolling on the kitchen floor lmao.  Sunday was sweet, spent the day at Mag's for Easter.  All the kids were there and my pops etc. in true form with their martinis and bloody mary's.  The thought of more alcohol did not please me.  So I just had a couple Lisa's (so names for I drank them all weekend in GB vodka and orange juice with a splash and a half of cranberry juice), and played with the kiddies for most of the afternoon.  JB came home from Green Bay around 5 and I made it over there around 8:30.  Spent some quality time with him and woke up this morning to his cat's trying to claw their way through the comforter.  Spent some more quality time with JB and off I went to work.  Here I am, bored and busy at the same time.  Rambling on about nothing anybody wants to hear about but who cares, this is my blog!