It's Monday and I"m really busy but can't seem to get myself motivated to do any real work.  Maybe if I come here and ramble on for a bit I'll have some power to concentrate.  Had a nice unplanned laid back weekend.  Friday I helped Oompa Loompa (previously known as Old School), buy paint at Home Depot.  It's lucky I was with her or I'm afraid she would have ended up curled up in a ball in the middle of the store ;).  I helped her figure out what she needed and how to go about getting it.  It was fun =)  I suppose it paid off sleeping with a carpenter for 5 years.  We did a little other shopping, US Cellular, Pier One to visit Teaser and then rushed home to make ourselves pretty.  Went to SOB's for some drinks and darts and ran into our past head on.    After reminiscing a bit with Oompa about my nickname Bumpy and LL's nickname Lumpy.  A freak accident where we collided head on during a rousing game of "Shoeball", (trademark 1995; it's a game of little skill, played only after 2 am at Bradford Beach ), coined us with these name's.  Not thirty seconds after our brief reminiscing, MexiAfroman walked in the door...(co-founder of Shoeball).  How odd!  That same night I received a pleasant call from my newly single not-so-much-a-brother Matt.  It's midnight and he's calling me to tell me that Big D will be terribly upset if I don't make it to his Chuck E. Cheese birthday on Saturday.  How can I say no to that?  Poor JB gets cancelled on again.    After hours of skee ball, pop a shot, Bass fishing, Jet Skiing through Hawaii and Jurassic Park GREAT ADVENTURE...an exhausted Funquita headed to JB's house to make up the afternoon to him.  After a few hours on his couch I could have stayed there for the duration of the evening.  But alas, my plans kept me moving.    Poker Party at Bobhill's.  Goodie for me cuz I doubled my money and still got out of there in time to go out with Kit Kat and Flash Dance.  Change of heart, I didn't go.  I'm afraid of Kelly's Bleachers.  Instead I went back to JB's for a little R&R.  We started to watch "The Big Lebowski" but I couldn't keep my eyes open and he couldn't keep his hands off me.  So we called it a night and made the same attempt in the morning after we got back from breakfast.    Sunday afternoon I finally made my way over to Oompa Loompa's house to "help her paint".  Her walls were pretty much done, so I sat on  my arse and found some new modtunes for my phone...set up my brother to ring to the tune of the Inspector Gadget theme...LOL.  Read the paper and found some apartments to call on.  Oompa and I did some drive by's and I've got two appts. tonight.    I'm getting psyched about having my own place again.  The inconsideration is growing at my house and I"m seriously getting annoyed.    If your room mate is lying quietly on the couch at 8:30 with all the lights out and has a movie on when you and your BF or GF come home, which of the following do you do:  a.  Start talking to them, turn on all kinds of lights then go in your bedroom, lie on the bed with the door open and  talk in your outside voices to each other and laugh loudly.  b.  Decide to fix the thermostat by having one of you upstairs yelling to the other one who is downstairs, fight about who actually fixed it then talk in your outside voices about the movies you rented and want to watch.  c.  Order a pizza, wander around the house back and forth, then check out the window every 45 seconds to see if the delivery guy is here yet, (I mean come on he's not coming any faster if you look out the window 43 times). d.  Quietly say hello, take care of any business you have upstairs quietly, order a pizza and ask the delivery boy to deliver it to the back door, head downstairs, where there is another TV and DVD player, and set up camp for the night.  I vote for d, but apparently a b and c are all excellent options, especially when done in combination.  Okay, I think I've rambled on long enough.  AMF!