I cannot seem to wake up today.   Why am I so exhausted?  Could it be this God forsaken weather?  I didn't do much yesterday.  Had a late bre'fast, swam and played volleyball in the pool, hung out at Kit Kat's being silly and then home for some relaxation.  My mama came over with my uncle and his wife for a short visit and I headed to bed with my book around 10:30.    Could it be the two days proceeding yesterday?  Friday night was spent chasing beers with shots of cherry bombs. Kit Kat came with me to a surprise birthday party for an old school friend of mine (whom I haven't seen for almost 10 years, whom didn't even remember me until I rattled off some memories for him).  Slightly Stupid and I teamed up in pool and kicked some major ass, 8 wins in a row, haven't had a streak like that since Sully's reign of greatness with Nutter Butter.  Big C and Jeffy came out as well and Stacy's Mom brought Schizo and Duh-Dale up to party as well.  We were at the Calhoun Station and the bartender happened to be a girl I poured drinks with at Latin Fest last summer...made me feel good to know that Doug didn't just stiff me, he didn't pay anybody, the bastard, her and I made a pact to lynch him.   My unfortunate mistake that evening was deciding that at 12:30 it was a good idea to go to Boz's and continue the evening.  I then ran into the  Urban Brothers (bowling buddies) and probably made a big ass of myself performing the secret handshake....LOL.  Oh what a night.  Saturday was spent nursing a bit of a hangover...Cancelled my tee time due to BAD WEATHER and instead stayed around the house.  Got a lot done in way of cleaning and helped my distraught roommate make sense of being dumped.  Then it was off to Hart Park Fest for The Toys.  Started off as a slow evening and for some reason I was hit with sadness.  Memories floated all around me, but I quickly recovered once I sucked it up and started drinking.  The evening took us to the bar to meet up with a birthday party.  Lots of drinks and naughtiness later we headed to Big Bird's to continue the fiesta and with dreams of passing out.  However, passing out was not an option, each time my attempts to do so were thwarted by Matt & Matt trying to tickle me literally to death.  So I remained one of the parties and took my blanket to the kitchen (we were all hanging out in the kitchen because Big Bird managed to break her futon so it wouldn't stay upright....(could it be the 5 of us all crunched on the thing or could it be her trying to give one giant lap dance for us?).   In the kitchen I tried to sit in a chair in the corner...one of those chairs on wheels...put my feet up on the seat and shifted my weight just so...when suddenly I was thrown backwards and tipped the chair over with a CRASH.  I landed in a heap in the corner with the chair blocked me in.  I banged my head on the wall and smashed my elbow into the ground.  I decided to sit on the floor after that.    Big Bird and Matt & went to pick up George Webb's while Kit Kat, & Matt and I all cuddled up on the futon for a nap.  Hours and Hours and Hours (slight exaggeration) later Big Bird finally showed back up sans Matt & and sans FOOD!  Hungry, tired and now irritated we took our asses back to Kit Kat's for some sleep.    Ah yes, I'm still running around like a 22 year old.