Oh my God I finally got it to work...whew.  Yea so volleyball last night...headache and sore muscles today.  I stayed pretty active all winter and have had lots of sexercise the last few months, but man volleyball kicked my body's ass.  My shoulders and my hips are aching like bacon.  I was on my ass more than anything last night.    We all played very well but got our asses beat.  We were short a person but I think the real problem was that none of us had ever really played as a team together.  I'd played with Nutter Butter's Boy Toy last year and even played with 77th as a sub on his team before, but as a whole our team was not in synche.  It'll happen though, I'm excited cuz we've got some good players and it will be a ton of fun again this year.  That is of course if the ref's can get their shit together.  2 boys on the other team hit the ball over...no foul called.  We inform her of the rule and the ball is passed our way.  Kit Kat rocks 2 serves and we're in the middle of a long volley when 77th (a boy) hits it right over, ref calls a foul on us....um no that was one boy over the net on the first hit.  Replay, Kit Kat has lost the momentum of her previous 2 solid serves and serves it to our own first row.    Later in the game, I take a dive to bump the ball off the net and then up and over.  The ball catches in the net and bounces around a little bit, (mind you I'm on the ground here), ref calls me in the net.  Huh?  2 of my team mates say I was in the net and 2 of them say I wasn't. Personally I don't' believe my body even touched it, it was the ball that bobbled around in the net, not me!  3rd game, you are supposed to switch sides at 8 points, it's 11-3 and NBBT asks "Aren't we supposed to switch at 8".  Apparently the ref doesn't know that rule either.  I'm sorry but when you take a job as a volleyball ref don't you think you'd know the rules?  Everyone was telling me to cut her some slack "it's her first day" they said...but come on, it's the basics she didn't even  KNOW THE RULES  of the league for cryin' outloud.  I gave her a half assed apology at the end of the game and told her that I sometimes take the game a little too seriously and she'll get the hang of it.  Ah well, up side is that it's Friday.  I may take an impromptu camping trip with the boyz, leave tomorrow morning with my Newly Single Not So Much a Brother (I really gotta shorten that) and his Short Fry.  We'll see how much I get accomplished tonight.