Happy Magnet Face today.  I read this article on MSN this  morning about a cat that survived a 2 week trip cross country in a dresser drawer.  I'm less than impressed.  I used to have a hamster.  His name was Fugi (short version of fugitive because he was always getting out of his cage).  S would find him in the basement crawling across the clothes line or I'd catch him crawling around on the top shelf of the linen closet while reaching for a towel.  We had had him for about a year and a half  before we moved from our apartment and into my mom's basement.  Needless to say, Fugi had been missing for a couple days as we prepared for the move.  The day we locked up the apartment I searched every nook and cranny for him and was very sad when we had to leave without him.    Fast forward 6 months.  I'm grabbing a soda from the fridge in the pantry when I hear something scratching around.   We had gotten two dwarf hamsters who had babies and 3 of them had escaped into the night so I thought nothing of the scratching.  I searched for a couple minutes to see if maybe I could retrieve one of them.  When I came face to face with none other than my old friend Fugi!    If you've ever seen a dwarf hamster compared to a teddy hamster then you'll understand as to why I jumped back a few feet.  The size difference is rather much and I thought I had stumbled across a rat.  Well Fugi had gotten himself into a bit of a mess and had dropped into an empty dehumidifier bin and couldn't get out.  I reached in to grab him and he started hissing and barking...yes barking at me.  When I finally managed to get him into my hands his strength was unimaginable and I had to have S come help me restrain him.   Fugi had made it into one of our boxes at some point and been moved over with us.  He had survived on a bag of gardetto's that we later found with only bits and pieces left.  He had probably crawled into the dehumidifier for whatever drops of water he could find.   For a few weeks after we recovered him he made funny noises whenever we were around and many attempts were made to escape again.  That Fugi went on to our next apartment with us and followed me to my pad in Wauwatosa where he finally met his demise.  Fugi died at 4 1/2 years old..I actually shed a tear for that hamster...he was a survivor that Fugi.