Come out to O'Briens, we'll be up there around 8. Come up to Boz's and shoot some pool with us, I'll be there at 9. Come out to dinner with me tonight, we'll have some drinks afterward.  This  was my Friday and do you want to know what I did?  I said, no, no and no!  I stayed home and RELAXED.  Watched a little tv, did some cleaning and got all my laundry done.  Nice job!!  Can't say that about my Saturday though.  What a day/night.    I Started throwing them back around noontime and ended up leaving my pool banquet half in the bag.  I went home at 7:30 to change and took a brief 15 minute snooze at 8:00 then got up and changed into my night attire.  Headed up to Boz's to wait on the girls, had a few there and they snatched me up to go downtown.    Tangerine - stay away.  High prices, pretentious bar goers and a ONE STALL WOMAN'S ROOM!!!  With a smoke glass door!?!?  Who wants to see the silhouette of a woman pulling up her skirt?  Don't answer that.  It was a good time though, I had a nice start to the evening, as soon as I paid for my drinks a man next to me started a conversation, which ended up lasting almost the whole time we were there.  He bought me a drink and birthday shot for my gal Kit Kat, he was very cute but removing his hat revealed quite the receding hair line.  Once our group was assembled at Tangerine we were to go across the street to Eve....unfortunately khaki shorts prevented us from entering so we headed to Water Street.    Water Street - crazy party people.  Not conducive to good dancing nor good conversation.  I followed the crowd to the two M's and decided I don't really like either anymore.  But it was a good time...much of my time was spent dragging Kit Kat around and getting boyz to give her birthday kisses!  We all went to Kit Kat's for an after bar...bad idea on my part.  Should have gone home as planned but I feared for who would drive Kit Kat's car as I had drank myself sober but others were not so lucky.  After some drama and some tears, a very tired Funquita decided to head home.  I stole Kit Kat's drove home at 5 in the morning.  Talk about ready to crash.  Sunday was spent cleaning mama's house for her company coming to town.  Chicken and potatoes on the grill and a showing of "Kill Bill" was the topper for the evening.  I'm dead tired today and in desperate need of more relaxation.  Problem is I'm at work here with no relief in sight!