In a time where everything is available on demand, one would think that our time would be freed up to rest.  However it seems as though the more time we have, the faster it gets filled.    I don't stay idle for longer than an hour and I hardly allow myself time for relaxation.  The only time I seem to spend lounging and doing nothing much else seems to be when I'm either a. hungover or b. living on no sleep and my body must collapse.    I can order anything from food to furniture delivered to my door.  Money basically comes in the form of air.  I can tell someone my debit number over the phone and receive goods and services.  I can call someone to come and fix my cable, my heater, my window, my car, mow my lawn, clean my house, deliver groceries and more.  I can receive word on a loan applied for within minutes, my credit card payment can take money right from my checking account within hours and I can access any bit of information I could ever want just by dialing up the internet from the comfort of my own home.  But the one thing I cannot order or download is rest and relaxation.  I busy myself with friends, boys, family, and events (birthdays, parties, bars, golf, volleyball, banquets, softball games, dinners, exercise) every day and night.    I attempted to take a nap the other day before getting ready to go out and my phone rang incessantly and I even had two visitors at my door.  On top of it couldn't rest because I kept thinking of the dishes that needed to be done and the laundry piling up.  My time would be better spent accomplishing something rather than lying in bed.  So instead, I sat on the couch and flipped channels for an hour and a half and didn't do anything.  Silly isn't it?    When I go on vacation I like to plan all the things I want to do and have some vague idea of which days I'll do what.  Leaving me exhausted coming home wanting another few days to recover.  But I've decided that when I go to Hawaii I'm going to plan to do nothing.  I have ideas of what I want to do while I'm there, but mainly I just want to relax and not feel like I have to run run run and do all kinds of things.  I'd like to take a surfing lesson, maybe a couple. I'd like to go parasailing. I'd like to go cliff diving. I'd like to go snorkeling. I'd like to go out on jet skis. I'd like to go deep sea fishing. I'd like to go to a luau. I'd like to go to see the Dole Plantation and the North Shore. I'd like to go to Diamond Head Volcano. I'd like to go to the site of Pearl Harbor and see the Arizona and Missouri Monument and the Bowlfin Submarine.  I'd like to rent a scooter and cruise the coast line. I'd like to eat at Mama's Fish House.