I had a very nice weekend.  drank every day of it for a change, but it was very nice.    had teaser and kit kat over for a girly night.  I cooked dinner and made alcohol lined smoothies and we watched movies and gossiped about boys.  then we watched this movie called Henry and June....oh my God the sex talk came out after that.  It was borderline porn!  All 3 of us were wishing we had somebody to go to bed with.  good times!  Saturday was spent shopping and trying on clothes that were too small.  I'm going to start shopping at Omar's for cryin' out loud!  I got some cute shoes though and a pretty pink girl skirt too =)  we almost got run off the road by some psycho in an expedition.  trying to pass me on a 25 mile an hour service type road, she ran up the curve narrowly missing a pole and then almost tipped her ass over...man I wish she would have hit me.  I wanted another excuse to get out of the car and bitch slap her after she flipped ME off.    Went out to the Ale House and asked some chick if she ever thought about shaving off her mustache!!!  She asked for it though, as I excused myself to walk around her she gave me a dirty look and then turned to her boyfriend and called me a bitch..I decided embarrassing her would be more fun than burning her with my cigarette.  cpa and exit showed up to my surprise and hung with us for a while, tres cool.  after having a ten minute conversation about my breasts with a couple of 40 year old broads and their boyfriend we decided to leave and find fun elsewhere.  I wanted attention and damn it I was going to get it....off to water street we went.  attention I got.  a drunk kit kat and I crashed in my cloud around 2:30 and we cuddled ourselves to sleep after having a moment..."seriously you're my best friend I don't know what I'd do without you"....LOL!  What a slobering sentimental sap I am when I've drunken too much.  then there was yesterday.  it started on a bad note, but with the given situation it was comical and started to feel more like an adventure.  golfed like dorf and shot a 111 for the day.  I broke a golf cart sign with my powerhouse shooting.  shanked an 8 iron right into the damn thing and broke it right off it's posts!  too much alcohol was consumed on and off the golf course.  ran into my old roommate at the bar which was an awesome surprise.   JB was texting me and called twice before I relieved him of his misery and returned the phone call.  Probably not a good idea since I was pretty shit faced and already upset.  We're having dinner Tuesday...argh more conversations I don't want to have.  And here I sit at work with nothing to do today.  So I just sit here and type until someone comes around the corner....rambling.