Well this is shaping up to be one fine Monday.  On my way down the alley this morning headed for work, a lady in an Intrigue backed her ass up right into my truck as I am pulling through.  Nice.  Nice damage and nice whiplash.  I slammed on my brakes and honked the horn about 27 times in the quick 3 second reaction period.  My lower back is now aggravated again and now I've got some crappy damage to my truck.  No dent, just part of the running board by the wheel well is half torn off.  I think I'd rather have a fucking dent.  I've got a sore throat and no voice, I have sunburn that is killing me and my neck is sorer than usual.  Yes it's a great day...okay I'm done bitching.  Now I'll ramble about my weekend.  Friday:  "Six in the City" is an elusive group of people who have happy hours across the city starting at 6pm.  It's a sort of catch me if you can event.  Headed down to the Park East for Jazz on the Roof which was moved to Aqua...by he end of the night we had gone to 9 different bars.  The Terrace, McGillicuddy's, Flannery's, Tangerine, Kennedyz, Three, Eve then finally back to Flannery's.  Exhausted we called it a night   Saturday:  8 am, Vici's bright an early for my hair appointment with Mags.  4 1/2...yes 4 1/2 hours later I walked out of the salon with freshly waxed eyebrows, softly parafined hands and a whole new hair color.  I love it but the only thing I was sad about was losing the red in my hair.  I got home, threw on my dress and strappy heels, put on some make up just in time for Big Gay Mishko to ring my bell.  We headed to the church for Lisa and Paul's wedding where I realized that many of the guests were people I knew from grade school!  The wedding reception was an absolute blast.  Big Gay Mishko's very straight and very cute friend Delpino met up with us there and we all proceeded to have a fun, uninhibited drunk ass evening of dancing and celebrating.  We all made it home in one piece and I scored some couch time with Delpino only to realize that he's got a 7-year old daughter =(  I gave him my digits anyway but have no intention of following through on that one.  Hot or not I don't do kids.  Sunday:  Up at the unGodly hour of 7:30, I stumbled my way around and headed over to daddy's for our annual father's day golf outing.  The first 9 was a challenge...I couldn't do much to save my game, until I birdied the 7th hole.  A 188 yard par 3.  I tee off and land on the green 15 feet from the pin...then rock even more by making the putt.  The back 9 was much much better, 2 more birdies - one on a par 5 I might add - and 3 pars I finished the back with a 47.  Shooting a 104 for the day I was quite happy with my performance.  Red as a lobster and tired as hell we headed to DJ's for the "best burger in 'Skego".  Yum.  Off to the homestead where the boyz came over for pizza and a movie.  Can I just go to sleep??  Nope.  I don't know what it was or why but everything from the way he chewed his food to the way he rubbed aloe on my shoulders annoyed the hell out of me.     5 DAYS