When I am depressed I think of all the things I can do to depress myself further:  watch a sad movie, look through my old photo albums of vacations I took with S, take a walk by myself by the lake and think about all the things I've lost in my life, lock myself in my room with the lights off and stare at the ceiling thinking about all the things I could be doing and how much fun everyone else in the world MUST be having.  When I am happy I think of all the things I want to do and get hyper:  go rollerblading in the park, take a bicycle ride, go down to the lake with a blanket and a book, clean (yes it's insane but cleaning is something I do when I'm in a good mood), shop, cook a meal or bake cookies.    Today I am a mixture of happy and depressed.  I came in to work happy as hell that it's Friday and I've got fun plans this weekend.  Happy as hell that this time next week I'll be at home packing my bags for Hawaii.  Then something happened and I received a huge dose of sadness.  It's amazing what one person's words can do to another.  They can stir up emotions and thoughts that you have put away for years.  They can bring back feelings that you thought weren't there anymore.  But in fact these feelings were just hidden, masked by every day life.  We as humans only function by ignoring our own mental health and pretending that things don't affect us.  We go on through our ordinary days in a sort of fog, never in touch with our true selves.  We work, we run errands, we pay bills, we play and we play hard, we drink, we have sex, we conversate with each other, but rarely do we sit inside our own heads and listen to what we need.  So busy trying to do everything that we forget how to heal.  I have emotions I never dealt with that I forgot about.  Things I pretended were okay but in truth had merely been pushed aside until something brought them back.  I need a "Mental Health Day".  We all need a "Mental Health Day".    I say I've got all this love to give to someone if I could just find that person to love and accept me for everything I am, why can't that person be ME?  Instead of trying to figure everyone else out we should figure ourselves out.    I left the love of my life to find myself.  I was my boyfriend's girlfriend.  I didn't know how to function on my own really.  I've come a long way since that day...3 years and one day ago.  But I can still be derailed a bit by that realization of how long we've been apart.   June 17th 2001 I came home from golfing with my dad on Father's Day and plain as day told him I couldn't do it anymore.  He and I had no future and it was only a matter of time before things ended.  Why were we holding on?  He didn't want to marry me, I wasn't even sure he still loved me.  Not the way he once did anyway.  I realized last night over beers that it was the 3 year anniversary of the day we broke up.  Cheers to that.