Grab a cup of coffee and make yourself comfortable cuz this is going to be a long one.  It's Monday after the weekend.  I have a story to tell.  The story will mean more to those of you who know me and to those of you who don't, you'll understand and may be able to relate.   Friday Night.  CPA and I headed down to "Riversplash" after we spent a few hours downing glasses of white zinfandel at a wedding reception.  With a healthy buzz and a smile on my face I drove us down to the kick off event of the Milwaukee festival season.  First, in walks Craig.  Craig is Teaser's boyfriend's friend and also happens to manage "Silk", a relatively new strip club in the area.  For some reason he always feels the need to give me free passes to his joint when he sees me.  He handed me a stack 2" high of passes that I shoved in my purse.  Then it was off to watch the Toys with CPA, Bowler and her Soon-To-Be-Kicked-To-The-Curb-Boyfriend.  I wandered off to meet up with Teaser and her entourage and eventually became separated from my peeps.  Wandering the streets of Riversplash alone I ran into My Old New Best Friend Tiffany and chatted with her for a bit about Greek who was recently discharged from the hospital.  I also ran into P's friends Benson and JimmyJ.  JimmyJ was a little too excited to see me and freaked me out when he insisted on having my phone number.  It seems as P really wasn't just being a typical man and not calling me, he didn't save my phone correctly and had asked JimmyJ to get a hold of Teaser to get it.  After making a semi-drunk phone call to P with JimmyJ, I headed off to the potty and back to find my clan who I lost in the end anyways.  My cell phone wasn't working very well so I was having a hard time calling anybody and all night when I'd check it, I'd suddenly have voice mails.  Eventually my Newly Single Not So Much A Brother got a hold of me and told me to head to Mel's, everyone was inside I was assured, and he'd be there in a half hour...my coaxing finally had convinced him to come down.  Alone and 3/4 drunk I headed into Mel's where I found NOBODY...except for Eric (an old friend of the Billmyer clan).  Chit chatted about life and headed outside to call Jeffy.    "We're in the middle of the intersection" he shouted at me.  "I'm standing dead center and I don't see you" I countered.  When all of a sudden somebody captured me in a bear hug.  It was Charlie...ugh..."We are destined to be together, can't you see!  We are at all the same places sugar" he explains.   "If we're destined to be together, shoot me now! And don't call me Sugar!" I replied with my sweet smile still in place.  Ooops I'm still on the phone..."Dude where are you guys?"  I see 'em and sprint across the concrete and jump into a hug with Big C.    Big C and I decide to go buy me a beer and leave Jeffy and SC waiting for us.  Arm and arm singing the Munchkin theme from Wizard Oz, Big C and I head over to the counter when suddenly I see Steve.  I think my heart dropped out of my chest and landed somewhere around my toes.  I pulled Big C along with me and went to say hi...skipped over by him really as he was walking to the Port o John's.  As I grabbed his arm he turned right into me and we landed in a hug and cheek kisses.  As we pulled away he gave me a once over and exlaimed "You look amazing!"  My reply "Thanks!  It's good to see you!  Come on Chad, let's go get a beer!"  Instead of continuing on his journey to the pisser he walked with us to get beer.  A short minute or two later this chick comes bounding over.  Standing all of about 5 feet tall and sporting short brown hair I knew immediately that this was my replacement.  I took a deep breath a long drink and turned around to greet my successor.  Steve didn't waste a moment "Shannon I'd like you to meet Lisa".  Her face dropped, but only for a second and she recovered with a nice smile.  I stuck out my hand and gave her the biggest most genuine "It's nice to finally meet you Shannon!"  with the biggest (maybe drunkest) smile I could muster.    That was only the beginning ...there's a whole other 2 1/2 hours to disect.  To be continued...