Ah, these last four days have been absolute heaven.  Drama free days of having good times and good company.  The Memorial Day weekend went off with a bang.    Spending the night at a festival and then out to a few bars, I spent the evening in some sort of spotlight.  I haven't had that many men after me in one night since I was a stripper!  On 4 occasions I was asked to give up my digits.  It was a nice boost for my fragile ego.  Went out with the girls that were practically attached to my hip for 2 years...a great change of pace.    The Brewer's game on Saturday was an awesome showing and I have still yet to be at a game where they've lost.  I was exhausted from the night before so I made it an early night and enjoyed some me time on the couch.    Now if the heavens would have stopped pissing on us for a few hours I would have gone golfing on Sunday but alas, there was no hope.  Instead I spent the afternoon cleaning and doing my laundry before Super Freak, CPA, Bowler and I went to see Raising Helen.  Two thumbs up!  Super Freak and I hit the town ready to raise some hell and had an absolute blast.  Only slightly ruined by 3am conversations of the exes (they are brothers!).  However I made it home safely at 4:30am in time to hear the birds chirping outside my window. Just before I crashed into my cloud, I noticed that I had a text from none other than The Great Charlie...blech.   Monday was a more mundane affair, to a surprise birthday party for a girl I barely knew and bombarded with questions from a guy who didn't understand what it meant when a girl got up in the middle of a conversation to talk to somebody else.  He sat patiently waiting until I finally came back and I swear he didn't miss a beat.  Finished the sentence I had gotten up during!!!  Then it was off to pizza and wine with 2 obnoxiously happy couples and a singleton we'll call, Do-I-have-a-booger-in-my-nose-Don.  Here I sit on a Wednesday morning just counting the minutes until I can leave work and get back into my cloud.  Last night was an unexpected jaunt to the barskis where I had the pleasant experience of running into The Great Charlie.  It was there I realized that I don't care who's saying it, the greatest word you can throw at me as a compliment is  gorgeous . Ciao bella.