Why do smart women still smoke?  By JENNIFER PIRTLE   Posted: Jan. 10, 2004  Caren Chesler, 40, is no dummy. She's well aware of the health risks associated with smoking: She lost her father to a form of esophageal cancer thought to be linked to cigarettes.    Yet she continues to light up - sometimes smoking as many as 35 cigarettes a day.  "I think about my father's death, and the increased probability that I'll get cancer," she says. "Does it make me stop?" she asks. "No."  Like Chesler, most female smokers can practically recite the statistics in their sleep:  1.  They run up to six times the risk of heart attack that non-smoking women do.  2.  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among women and will kill an estimated 68,800 women this year (about 29,000 more than those who will die of breast cancer).  3.  Smoking-related illnesses, such as lung cancer and heart disease, will kill close to 178,000 women each year.  4.  Women who smoke have an increased risk of cervical cancer and difficulty conceiving. Despite these sobering statistics, a quarter of all American women in their 30s smoke, the highest percentage of any age group. (Twenty-one percent of women smoke overall.)  What's behind our predilection to puff? Experts say there are a number of factors that can make it extra tough for women to kick the habit.  In fact, women are one-third less likely to be successful at stopping than men, according to Saul Shiffman, director of the Smoking Research Group and the Clinical Psychology Center at the University of Pittsburgh.  Why do women find it so challenging to give butts the boot, and can you become a quitter for life?   "I'm afraid I'll pile on pounds"  A significant number of female smokers say they want to quit but are afraid they'll gain weight if they do. (One of the reasons teen girls start smoking in the first place is to avoid gaining weight.) They're right to be concerned. Smokers tend to have diets low in fruits and vegetables and high in fat, according to Nancy Betts, professor of nutrition and health sciences in the College of Education and Human Sciences at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Plus, nicotine speeds up your metabolism, so when you quit, your body slows down the rate at which it burns calories.  Smoking may also affect levels of serotonin, the feel-good hormone that regulates mood and appetite (in fact, smoking itself may act as a mild anti-depressant).  When you come off cigarettes, it's tempting to reach for sweets and carbs in an attempt to improve your mood. It all adds up to a possible weight gain of five to 15 pounds, according to Robert Klesges, lead author of the book "How Women Can Finally Stop Smoking."  It's no surprise that women who try to quit often consider starting a diet at the same time, but experts say this double-barreled approach will probably fail. "Women need to focus all their energies on quitting smoking first and worry about the weight gain later," says Klesges. "In fact, I tell them not even to step on the scale for six weeks."   "I'll become a total crab."  Men who quit smoking get cranky, too, but women seem to be hit with an extra whammy.  The mood-elevating properties of nicotine are stronger for us, making our pre-quit highs higher and post-quit lows lower. Plus, the side effects of stopping - lowered concentration, heightened anxiety, depression and irritability - often mimic the symptoms of premenstrual syndrome (PMS) and, in a cigarette catch-22, PMS often makes those symptoms worse.  About 60% of relapses occur during the first 14 days after you've kicked the habit, according to Klesges. "Women should quit smoking a few days after their period ends so they're not hit with PMS at the same time," he says.  Even so, you may feel extra vulnerable to remarks from others during the first two weeks after you stop. While a man might brush it off when a friend says, "You're so grouchy now that you've quit," statements like that can cause some women to ditch their efforts. Instead, say: "The first few weeks are the hardest, so I hope you'll understand if I'm stressed."   "I've tried - and I can't"  Stress reduction is often cited as one of the biggest benefits of smoking. A fight with a friend, a harried day or an unexpected traffic jam become reasons to light up. Indeed, a deep drag can help a smoker chill out, concentrate better and feel more energetic when she's tired.  Once nicotine enters the brain, it results in a temporary change in chemistry that the smoker experiences as enhanced pleasure, decreased anxiety and a state of calm alertness.  "It goes straight into the brain in a very immediate, sharp spike," says Corinne Husten, medical officer of the Centers for Disease Control's (CDC) Office of Smoking and Health. "It's much more reinforcing than other drugs, such as heroin, that have a slower delivery to the brain."   "My friends all smoke"  A strong sense of connection often comes with smoking. While tobacco company ads 30 years ago emphasized the independent woman ("You've come a long way, baby!"), today's product pitches feature groups of gregarious friends chatting, laughing and bonding over cigarettes. For many women, kicking the smoking habit often means limiting contact with or moving away from those relationships - a decision that may be as tough as actually giving up cigarettes.  Although having pals who smoke can make it more difficult to quit, it's not impossible, says Steve Wood, a therapist who counsels patients at the live-in nicotine addiction program at St. Helena Center for Health in Napa Valley, Calif.  "Ask your friends to work with you by not smoking around you and by certainly not) offering you a cigarette," he advises. "As you continue to succeed, you'll get a lot of reinforcement from others wanting what you have."   "Smoking is my identity"  "Women almost always start smoking in their teen years because they want to be cool or sexy," says Wood. In fact, many women in their 30s who light up started as teenagers. And the rebellion that played a part in the first puff remains decades later, but with a slightly different face.  "The young rebel is closely connected to a strength I see in successful adult women who smoke: They are highly independent decision-makers in both career and family" Wood explains. "The rebel transforms over time and becomes the modern woman managing life in the early 21st century-career, mother, wife, often divorced, and on her own or never married."  Smoking is a constant for these women. So while they might change their romantic relationships or move or get a new job, cigarettes remain, literally, as pocket-size friends. "The one companion for these women throughout the years is their cigarettes," says Wood. "They are, in some ways, more dependable than these other aspects of their lives."