Okay I'm here to finish my never ending Hawaii saga.   The trip couldn't have ended more perfectly.  At the Red Lion we had much fun.  Between Kit Kat leaving her purse...yes her effin purse in the bathroom, psycho boys who claim possession after hanging out for a bit, booty boys dry humping us on the dance floor and being harassed every two steps about how how we were, a tired Funquita had had enough around 1am.  We were getting geared up to go when some pud started hitting on me as Kit Kat finished up a convo with Cameron (a boy we met earlier in the week).  Ugh, I ran to the shelter of Navy Davy and company who happened to be standing nearby.    Three hours later Navy Davy and I realized we just spent the rest of our bar time locked in conversation.  Next logical step was to strip down to our undies and jump in the ocean...I had wanted to go night swimming all week and here was the perfect opportunity with a cute boy to boot.    Bar close, 4 am, Navy Davy headed off in what we thought was the direction of the beach...uh yea turn around kids...we cruised past Kit Kat and Crackalakin (forgive my murder of his nickname)who decided to join us.    What a perfect way to end my vacation.  Under a full moon we swam out and swam out but couldn't seem to avoid the reef.  It's okay, in his arms I would have suffered a stingray attack and not even noticed.  After bouncing around for a bit we decided to head in to the beach...the cops thought that was a good idea too as they made there way down the beach towards us.  We all scrambled into our clothing and headed in the direction of civilization.  Walking hand in hand back to the hotel, my skirt was soaked and I was now wearing a shirt capable of winning me a wet t-shirt contest anywhere in the country.  More beers at the hotel caused us all to pass out in exhaustion.  But not after we watched George Bush address the nation at 5:30 am...something I couldn't' seem to comprehend (duh time difference ace).    Mmmm, the night was perfect except for the fact that we had to leave the next day.  Hawaii where are you?  You are now a faded memory and a picture taped to my computer monitor =(