I don't think there is another place in the world where I have been treated so rudely.  I was "yelled" at 4 times while at this establishment for 2 1/2 hours.    1.  Lighting my cigarette in a non-smoking area.  (They do not allow smoking in restaurants, however since we were in the bar and I had not had this problem before I was unaware that they had a separate area for smokers in the bar-one would think that since I was sitting at the bar I was okay).  2.  My seat was in "the walkway", although my bar stool (that I had been sitting on all night including when I got yelled at for the cigarette) was one barstool away from the bar and part of the circle we had all formed.  3.  Standing on the landing on the stairs (after the rude bouncer man said "stand in line like everyone else" after Ruby asked if he'd let us back in if we went outside for some air-so she could make a phone call).   4.  Ordering a drink when I was standing behind a bar stool and not sitting on it...okay this one makes no effin sense.  My friends were all sitting on this corner of the bar all night and where I was standing I was leaning OVER an EMPTY bar stool.  The bartender and his high falootin' attitude pissed me off so I swung my leg over the chair, skirt and all and stood on the footrest of the stool as I very curtly ordered a Miller Lite.  Fucker brought me a Bud Lite with a twinkle of defiance in his eyes.  I proceeded to crumple up the twenty dollar bill into a ball and take a nice big swig of this nasty Bud Lite.  I placed it back on the bar and tossed the crinkled twenty dollar bill on the bar and said "I ordered a Miller Lite"..."No you did not, you ordered a Bud Lite"....my response..."I have never drank Bud Lite in my entire life why would I order one now?"  He shook his fat little head and went back to get me a Miller.  Brought me the beer and proceeded to argue with me and some guy Kit Kat was chatting up.  Her newfound friend defended me saying me and my friends had been sitting on this corner all night etc etc.  After bitching at me about how rude I AM!!!!   (Okay I was being a bit beligerrent here but seriously this guy was being so rude and condescending to me I just got pissed, I asked him why he was being so rude to me and told him that I was just trying to have fun and every time I turn around someone is yelling at me)   he turns his back and I give him the big "Hang Loose Mutha Fucker!".  At this point we still hadn't seen the change for the twenty.  But I see the bartender call the bouncer over and I yell to him I want my money back and I'll leave.  He gives us the money and I quickly turn to my buds and tell them I'm getting kicked out.    The asshole bouncer who'd been yelling at me all night comes up and give me the shoulder.  I promptly turn to him and tell him in the sweetest tone I can "I'm leaving, I don't' want to stay here any more than you want me here, I've never been treated so rudely in my entire life.  I'm trying to have fun with my friends and you guys make it very difficult.  Give me two seconds to say good bye to my friends"  he shoulders me again and I promptly turn to him and spew in his face "Don't fucking touch me!"  I notice that at this time, there are 5, yes I said 5 bouncers around me.  I'm a good 5 inches shorter than most of them, have a skirt and heels on and they have to have 5 bouncers around me?   Ruby's confused and keeps asking me why I'm being kicked out..."Cuz they're assholes" was my reply to which the bouncer starts to move toward me again..ugh...jeez I'm leaving already.  Outside I just about have a freak attack and my hands are shaking as I'm trying to light my cigarette.  Moments later we are joined by our Aussie stalker, the girls and a new member-some dude from Ohio that had a thing for Ruby.  Kit Kat starts chatting up some Navy dudes while I'm just fuming and bitching to the air basically.  We talked the Navy dudes along with some passerbyers not to go into this establishment and the Navy dudes escort us to the Red Lion where they had been earlier.  Get Funqi out of here and get her a drink before she explodes!!!  As it turns out this was a good thing getting kicked out because on this sidewalk during my tirade was where I met Navy Davy, one of our escorts to the Red Lion.  To be continued kiddies...I know you're on the edge of your seat but I gotz work to do!