Sleep was a good thing.  Waking up refreshed at a leisurely hour of 9am, we hit the buffet breakfast and got ready for a day of swimming, snorkeling and laid back adventure on our rented mopeds.  We hit the moped rental stand where we proceeded to fill out our paperwork and prepare for our journey.  As we stood on the sidewalk watching the nicest man in Hawaii inspect our bikes I was approached by Elias...I made him spell his name as his thick Iraqi accent muddled his words.  After his quick introduction he threw it out there like a bomb(ok bad analogy) "Let's go party tonight girls, come on we'll go together".  Wow, that was quick, 2 minutes of foreplay and he wants to dive right in.  What the hell, call us we agree or not so much agree but sometimes I even have a hard time being mean (imagine that).    Off on the peds.  Lovin' it!  We decide to hit up the Aquarium before hitting Hunauma Bay and gear up to go in.  "Shit shit shit" stomps Kit Kat after closing her seat storage compartment. "what happened?" I frantically check her appendages to see if she lost a finger or something as I notice she looks like she's about to cry.  Well my friend Kit Kat locked her moped key...IN THE MOPED.  Off to my adventure to get a second key...  Now this should have been a 25 minute journey at best.  Because Waikiki has so many one way streets one must maneuver themselves around and make sure they stay on the correct path.  For some reason this was easier to do in a Jeep rather than on a moped because shortly after my final left turn I found myself in Honolulu by Magic Island...whaaa?  I remember seeing that on the map...nowhere near where I wanted to be!  After some deliberation and more left turns I found myself back on familiar territory.  I'm hoping Kit Kat hasn't put an APB out on me by now and I manage to get back to her after an hour of cruising around.    Fun fun, Aquarium was cool, saw things I've never seen.  Snorkeling wasn't quite as much fun as the first time through.  I did however have an underwater camera this time around and got some nice shots.  My mask however, did not want to cooperate and was continuously filling up with water and steaming up.  I kept bumping into people because it was busier than hell, the tide was high and waves were as well making it hard to negotiating the jagged reef...not to mention the fact that after a half hour of snorkeling I lost my "snorkeling buddy" =(  After a couple hours I returned to land only to find Kit Kat lying in the sun talking to some old dude.  What's with the old dude's around here??  That's  it, we've had enough.  Back on the peds for some more motoring.  Did I tell you how much I loved these mopeds?  I want to get a motorcycle now.  I raced a Harley on the way in to town, beat him off the line but ate his tailpipe when he was done amusing me.  Went to find the parasailing to no avail but had a nice walk around the park.  Cruised the city a few times and ran with some biker gangs (okay they were on mopeds too)...Honk if you're pedding.  After losing Kit Kat on the road for 15 we decided to call it an afternoon and head up to the room.  We had dinner to eat and partying to do.    After a quick call to the girls and listening to our messages from Elias and co. We headed to the "Italian Tomato" where we met the cheesiest lounge singer and a waitress who didn't' know what country "Wisscanson".  Good pizza though, but the gigantic bug I noticed on the way out the door didn't make me feel any too good.  Off to Moose's McGillicuddy's for what we are sure will be a bang up night with our Cali friends.  Ha ha...so we thought!   That's a story I will have to save for tomorrow.  Current Events:   Teaser's birthday was fun but not too much fun.  The cold weather didn't help to bring us into the party mood.  Not to mention the fact that I seemed to run into every person I wanted nothing to do with!   Saturday was a lovely day.  After barbecuing with Vince, I headed home to meet Dave for him to look at my truck.  HE took me for a ride on his crotchrocket and told me that I should let him take me out sometime...he still harbors feelings for me from dating me 9 years ago!  Argh.  Off to the Brewer's game w/CPA which was a blast, it was a sold out game where we had to buy Standing Room only tickets...Fortunately somewhere around the 5th inning a nice young man offered us his tickets as they were moved to the handicap section.  Then it was off to the Lincoln Pub to meet up with my peeps, we played lots of pool and  sang a little karaoke and got home before bar close.  All in all a good day.  Sunday was spent cooking and puttering around the house.  Got lots cleaned and taken care of.  No ice cream with BriBri...that was easy!  I'm super relaxed today and ready to take on the week =)