Wednesday:   Destination: Pearl Harbor Departure Time: 6:45 AM Travel Method: Shuttle Bus  Whaaaaaaaat?  We crashed into bed (together?) somewhere around 2:30 but didn't giggle ourselves to sleep until somewhere between then and 3:30.  As Kit Kat muddled around the room getting ready, I rolled over again and again moaning..."mmna nu go" was my response when asked if I was going to get up.  It's 6 am for christ sake, who gets up that early?  Yea bullshit, that was one of the things I absolutely had to do while in Hawaii so of course I stepped up to the plate and got up.  Half asleep I slapped on some clothes and ran a brush through my smoke laden hair.  Mmm, picture perfect.  Off we go...through the IMP to Outriggers Waikiki to meet our peeps and our shuttle.  I attempted something they call sleep on the shuttle but to no avail.  So tired.    Pearl Harbor was an emotional and moving experience.  I took a stroll through the "museum" to see pictures of soldiers and artifacts that were recovered.  Letters to family and lovers, uniforms that were charred on the edges and decorated with medals.  Then before they ferry you off to the memorial they show you an emotionally charged 25 minute film of real footage.  Standing in awe of where I really was I took pictures of all the surrounding ships, the memorial itself and the sunken ship beneath us.  If you ever get to Hawaii you must see Pearl Harbor.  On a less serious note we decided to take surfing lessons this fine day, squeezed in between Pearl Harbor and the luau that was scheduled that night.  Tired and worn from the day Kit Kat and I trekked back to the hotel and then back to the Outrigger once again for our lessons that would surely turn us into the next blue crushes.  Burt alas, sista who's 9-12 years our junior was "too tired" for the surf.  Oh well, we laid out on our ABC floaty things in the middle of the ocean instead.  Peaceful and relaxing.   Mmm take me there now.  St. Germaine's Luau is a story in itself.  Where to start, where to end?  Cousin Spencer.  Our tour guide.  What can I say, he had us laughing from start to finish.  He taught me that poi tastes like preparation H.  He taught me to dip my pee pee in the poi and make it a poo poo.  He taught me the words to my new theme song: Just hang loose, Just have fun Sippin on a drink, Lyin' in the sun Don't try to fight it, there ain't no use. Cuz when you're in Hawaii you should just HANG LOOSE! After getting leid and getting some pics by the oceanic view we headed in to the party where we were greeted by a less than friendly hag who showed us to a table.  Sitting on the ground in the sand we got the real feel for Hawaiian tradition.  A couple of Blue Hawaiians and a Pina Colada later we ate good food, tried some poi and traditional Hawaiian dishes and sat back to enjoy the show.  Got up on stage and shook what our mamas gave us doing the hula.  Fun fun!  Met our pals Ruby and Sam from Sacramento.  Total sweethearts despite their deceiving look.  We shared cigarettes and laughs out by the shoreline and decided we had to all go out before our time was up.    An exhausted Kit Kat and Funquita debated for quite a while as to whether we wanted to waste our night sleeping or meet the girls for drinks after the luau.  The choice was inevitable.  Once back in the hotel and lying on the bed we knew what we must do!  (Party would be the logical choice here, but we opted for sleep!).    Current Affairs:  Today is Teaser's birthday celebration, we'll start with the traditional Bastille Days and go on from there.  Ooooh ooh, that reminds me...I've got another Best of:   Best Convo of the Trip:   Driving in the Jeep Kit Kat turns to me and says "I didn't bring a hair band!!"   Slick and all, my reply "I brought Aerosmith" Kit Kat looks at me quizzically for a moment until I bust out laughing. Okay it WAS funny...yea the better response would have been Warrant or Guns n' Roses or Extreme or Poison or Nelson or Skid Row or any number of bands that are better known for being a hair band but come on...it WAS funny!