Tuesday:  Somewhere along the lines I got confused and I am lying to my readers.  We did not go to the Dawg House on Monday night, Monday we stayed in and didn't do a whole lot, I think we went right to bed???    We awoke Tuesday around 7am and drove ourselves and Kit Kat's sista and mama to Pearl Harbor. After a quick trip to the Military DMV (don't ask) we found ourselves at the Arizona Memorial.  After a half hour wait and our tickets for our ferry reading 11:30 am, we headed back for the Jeep having wasted an entire morning on this affair.  We didn't have time to stick around and actually see the memorial.  Unfortunately sista had to be back to get ready for her senior pictures and Kit Kat and I had a date with Friendly Fat Bastard to return the Jeep.  After we returned the Jeep, which is a story in itself as Chinagirl found a couple little dents in the passenger door that apparently were not there the day before.  As we waited for Friendly Fat Bastard to return and check out the "damage" we were freaking out a little bit wondering what kind of  damage  this would cause our credit cards.  We spent the next 15 or 20 getting hit on by some married Naval men.  Damn sailors are everywhere!  After Friendly Fat Bastard arrived, he did his checks and shook my hand with a "You're all set, hope you had fun"...what no $15 billion repair bill??  So moving on, after we returned the Jeep Kit Kat and I split up for the first time in 4 days, she went with the fam and I hit the beach for some afternoon rays, which turned me into a boiled lobster.    After we hooked up again we decided to head to the Cheesecake Factory for an early dinner.  I had the bestest chicken salad sandwich ever and accompanied it with a divine drink named the "Flying Gorilla".  I ordered it mostly for it's name but a concoction of banana liqueur and chocolate corocoa with other tasties thrown in, this drink quickly became a close rival to the "Nutty Monkey" I consumed to earn my nickname.   Yummy!    Bellies full and left overs in hand we went on with some souvenir shopping and headed to the hotel to get ready for a night of drinky drink and naval men.  On our way out we were hit up by Hawaiian Ryan the local disc jockey and given fair warnings on where to go and where to avoid...we were also given a  piece of golden advice "Watch out girls, there are 40,000 horny sailors looking to get laid tonight!"  Our answer to that:   CLEAR SHOES!! CLEAR SHOES!!   The rest of the evening...well just reread the end of Monday's post...the Dawg House was our starting point and ended up being our final destination as well.