Monday: Decided to rent a Jeep, a big yellow Jeep to take to Diamond Head and Hunauma Bay.  Friendly Fat Bastard tells us of how all his belongings were stolen from the airport locker 22 years ago when he came for vacation and he never went back to "the mainland".  Tells us stories of his psycho ex girlfriend who he still checks up on in the states from time to time.  From San Fran, imagine that!   After 45 minutes of instruction from Friendly Fat Bastard we're off.  Map in hand and swimsuits safely stowed, we take off to Diamond Head for a 1 1/2 to 2 hour hike sans water nor sanity.  After an hour we're ready to die and debate the trek down..."Are we going to be mad at ourselves if we don't go to the top?"  I inquire to a matchingly exhausted Kit Kat who looks like she's ready to faint "Yea, probably".  I turn for a second..."Let's go" I call as I head farther up the path.  We come to a 75 step stairwell and barrel our way up..after a tunnel and a short break there is another 99 step stairwell that I swear to God is at a 90 degree angle.  But I tell ya folks, after the next spiral staircase and short jaunt after that, the breathtaking view was well worth it.  Now we must go back down...WHAT???  Where's the helicopter or the hidden elevator to relieve us of this burden?    Off to Hunauma Bay where I fell in love with snorkeling..."Don't feed me, I've got plenty...don't step on me, I'm ALIVE!" sang the reef from the instructional video.  Funny shit.  I swam with eels and sea turtles as big as a small child.  It was AWESOME.  Kit Kat and I pulled a "Sweetest Thing" and changed in the parking lot where anyone looking could have gotten a good show.  At one point I had the urge to tear off the towel and run around naked, I think the tropical scene does that to you.  Then it was off to Honolulu to catch some dinner...steak and lobster that melted in my mouth...that is of course after I sent it back to have them finish cooking my snapping lobster.   We took a walk up the fishing pier only until I got freaked at the 15 men hovering around...we were NOT wearing clear shoes but I had an eerie feeling these guys didn't care!    So it was back to Waikiki to cruise around while we still had the Jeep.  After about 15 trips around cuz Waikiki is a city of One Ways we headed in to freshen up for a night out.  Found ourselves at The Dawg House.  It was a night of constant barrage from the 40,000 Navy Men who had arrived in town earlier that day for "Impact".  Navy Joe became my object of interest for the next couple of hours as Kit Kat occupied herself with one of the natives.  All in all it was a fun night and our drunk asses managed to find our way back to the hotel to crash.  Side Note:  I just got an email from Troy Boy.  Now where's Navy Davy?  To be continued...