Sunday:   Deciding that we are the whitest howlies in Hawaii, Kit Kat and I decide to hit the beach before blinding the locals.  We somehow manage to cut through the International Market Place, (Hawaii's answer to Rummage O' Rama, by replacing crap merchandise with shiny crap merchandise and pushy Asians who will eventually give you your prize for the price of a cheap souvenir if you hold out long enough), to make it to the beach.    15 SPF suntan lotion in hand we lather up and plop ourselves onto the beach.  After a few trips into the clear blue waters of Hawaii, we head to the IMP for some souvenir shopping and to pick up some post cards.    Now we're ready to party and are ignoring the looming jet lag that has claimed us.  So after beautifying ourselves back at the hotel we head off to find a shit bar to waste some time at before din din we planned to have at the Cheesecake Factory.    We find a no name bar where Steve threw our drinks together, Hawaiian Ice Teas - named for their cousin Long Island Teas - they did their job and had me looped up after 2.  While ordering my 3rd I was summoned by Troy Boy sitting at the far end of the bar.  At first I declined but by the end of my 3rd drink I strutted over to him to see what he had wanted.  Standing at 6 foot forever, or 6 foot 7 as he claimed, he towered over me as he took my hand in a honi honi.  I sat and chatted with him for another drink and a half as Kit Kat beat up some Aussie's at the pool table.  We then bid them all ado and headed off in the direction of a steak house Troy Boy had recommended.  But instead we ended up back at the Tiki Bar for dinner and another fat Hawaiian playing his uke.  Tired and worn from the day we decided to call it a night and cancel our wild party plans....little did we know.  As we cut through the IMP  again , we walked past Troy Boy and were summoned inside.  Never letting me more than a foot away from him Troy Boy expressed his disappointment that we hadn't gone to the steak house for he had called the owner to get our meal comped...did I mention Troy Boy was a local and had quite a bit of money?  We sucked down another drink and a couple of shots and went "home" to pass out from exhaustion...after a couple more beers bought by the boys.  Argh.    To be continued...