One day at a time.  I'm going to go through my trip a day at a time as to not overwhelm my readers and to not occupy too much space at once!  Saturday:  Kit Kat gets dropped at my house 9 am.  I cook us a quick breakfast of scrambled eggs and yummy french toast.  We take a few before pictures with our bags and await the arrival of mama to take us to the airport.  Can I tell you how excited we were?  I had a bit of a headache from Summerfest the night before but we were in good shape.  9 1/2 hour later we could barely contain our excitement (and crabbiness from the long flight) at the airport and took manic pictures as we breathed in the sweet smell of our leis and the ocean air.  Ahhh, I've reached paradise.  After the long trek to the hotel and COusin Jake's orientation to island life, we dumped our bags and freshened ourselves for somewhat of a night out.  It was 7pm but our bodies told us it was midnight.  We set off on foot in search of some local flavor and found ourselves in The Hi Club...a seemingly innocent club set in the middle of some bushes and somewhat hidden from street view.  Bouncer dude came out with his little headset and ushered us in the walkway wondering what we wanted.  Um a drink maybe?  Continuing in we found the place to be charming yet very foreign...as in we were the only howlies in the place.  The tv's were all Japanese and there wasn't another straight eye in the joint.  We ordered two of the smallest vodka cranberries you've ever seen, (somehow I don't think the bartender would have responded to my ordering: "something with a pineapple in it!"), after shelling out $16 for the drinks, I was none too happy to tip the tender a buck.  They probably all laughed at us as we strutted out the door with our heads held high.  Next we landed ourselves at a little place called the Tiki Bar.  More of a Hawaiian feeling with umbrella drinks and a fat Hawaiian playing his uke.  By midnight we were ready to pass out in our stools so we headed back to the hotel to rest up.  Did I tell you how excited we were to be there?    Stay tuned for this week you'll hear stories of boys, bars and Funquita getting tossed out of one on her fanny.