         Recap of this week:     Tuesday   The best feeling in the world -  The 'I Just Got Laid' glow.  What's better than that??  Having the 'I Just Got Laid' glow without getting laid, without any reason what-so-ever.   Tuesday was a great day for me, I was happy and upbeat.  I even smiled at my snatch whore boss.  I was nice to customers who yelled at me (and my theory of 'you can catch more bees w/ honey' was proven true--I should really excerise that idea more often).  I also  found out that out of control good moods are quite contagious, because I was getting positive vibes from EVERYONE that day, even crotchety old Ms. Mary.    Tuesday night I ditch my resume writing/job hunt plans to console my good friend Funquita in what was, as I found out, just the beginning of her Weird Boy Dilemma Week.  We watched   The Sweetest Thing   (for the 800th time) and analyzed the sitiation.  Yes, I said 'sitiation', not 'situation'.  This is not a typo.  Learn my lingo if you're going to read my web page.  We determined he's freaked out - because, heaven forbid he should develop  feelings  for a beautiful, intelligent, fun loving, sexy ass girl!!  Fuck boys.     Wednesday  I realize that I am a PUTZ and I will never accomplish anything unless my procrastinatin' ass gets in gear.  Back to being cranky at work.  I hate my job. I hate the world.  Get a text message from Butcher Bill saying " To be perfectly Honest, I miss you.  A Little".  Why would he write that?!  WHY??  I don't miss him. How can he miss me??? We've seen eachother twice.  I didn't really know how to respond to that... maybe "that's great, the feeling's not mutual though"??  No.  Because I'm too nice.  So I send him and "awww.... =) "  and ignored his calls the rest of the night.    Wednesday night I had a strict plan to turn off my phone, ignore the world, and get my shit done.  All was going as planned.  Worked out for an hour.  Even cleaned the kitchen and my bathroom.  Was just about to settle down to job hunt when Trailer and Nick show up at my door.    *Nick=guy who rolled the jeep that put Spooner in the hospital*   Why he is hanging out with us now is beyond me.  Nick recognizes me from the Race Shed.  Turns out he used to bartend there.  Fatty Fatty Two-by-Four used to always make him show us his abs.  Never thought he was cute then, don't think he's cute now.  He immediately takes a liking to me, I could have probably felt the overbearing 'I want you' vibes from China.  Trailer prints out music for me to learn on the keyboard.  Apparently he has big plans for me, him and Spooner to play at Open Mic Night.  Um, okay buddy.      We head over to Spooner's and chill for awhile until T & N have this sudden intense urge to show Spooner and me the video they made in college.  We have to go to Nick's for this.  Nick's place is nasty.  NASTY.  I mentally add this to list of reasons I don't want to date Trailer - Nasty friends in Nasty homes.  Been there, done that with Jailbird's friends.  I think I'm above and beyond skanky surroundings.   *Trailer Ego Boost of Night:  Uses me as an example of a "Perfect Hourglass Shape" in one of his stories  Flattering coming from anyone, especially someone  who really doesn't throw out compliments at free will.      Thursday    Funquita comes over with the intent to rollerblade.  Ended up ordering pizza and doing a couple drive-by's.  She's (understandably) freaking out over his attitude and as it turns out, her hunches were dead on.  =(   FUCK BOYS.   Friday  Nothing special.  Ended up at Kelly's with Trailer, Spooner, Funquita, Spammy and Matt-Stealer's skanky ass.  Funquita and I get hit on my dirty the Dirty Mexican Posse.  Her guy tells her he's gay, my guy tries to get me to cage dance.  Ha.  Too bad his friends leaked that he just wanted to get laid, cuz he was a little bit of a cutie.  Quita finally drags me away from him at bar time and we feast on some good ass George Webb's.     *Trailer Ego Boost of the Night* -"Your ass looks fantastic in those pants"  -"You and me could sit on the fuckin roof and have a blast" (while discussing everyone's drama of which bar to go to) -" I was going to invite Nick, but as soon as he found out Katie was coming he was just a little too eager to tag along..." (meaning a.)he was looking out for me and 'uncomfortable situations' or b.) he didn't want to share my attention. I'm guessing 'a' and I'm flattered that he cares.)   -and "Every Katie I have ever met has been hot.  I mean, look at you."   I may not want to hook up with him anymore, but I very much appreciate the attention I've been getting!