         What a _______ weekend I had.     Friday:  Candle party night at Funquita's and off to O'Brien's afterwards, where for 2 hours I got no male attention and then right when we were getting ready to leave I got hit on my 2 guys.  Figures.  Funquita of COURSE had to embarrass the shit out of me in front of Red - Thanks Funquita!  That's okay though cuz he wasn't all that cute head on.  Mr.Kickball on the otherhand was a cutie patootie, I think I might wanna make a trip back there nxt friday for an aftergame checkin'-you-out moment.....    Saturday:  I lounged around and did virtually nothing all day.... wait, scratch that.  I painted bar stools, but it took me 8 hours to paint 3 - does that count as being productive?  Went out with Spooner (formerly Flashdance) and Matt-Stealer for a couple hours.  Met this 'cute boy' (cute by Spooner's standards, not mine) at the Shed.  He was new in town from New York.  Thought we'd be nice and show him a night out on the town.  Little did we know he was a mute freak w/ random, non coherent spurts of insight, straight out of a 3 year NY rehab for "mostly narcotics".  So WEIRD.  We'll call him Idiot Boy.    Bar time.  Spooner and M-S decide they want to meet Trailer (formerly known as Matt) at an after bar.  I veto the idea, not particularly wanting to see  them all up in eachother's shit.  3 a.m.  The fun flirty bootycall conversation I'm having w/ Sosa is interupted by M-S telling me that they were in a car accident and Spooner might need stitches.  I fly to the hospital where I meet her and Idiot boy (yes, he's STILL with us).      So I'm stuck in the waiting room with a girl I hate because she stole my lust object and a boy who's very presence makes me want to gnaw my arm off.  Fun.  While Idiot Boy when on a smoking binge w/ M-S's cigarettes (p.s. he's an idiot AND he's rude!)  She and I bonded over vending machine food and cell phones.  5 hours later we can finally see spooner, she went thru cat scans and  cathaders (sp??) and her first comment is "My doctor is HOT!"..... oh yeah, she'll be fine.     Sunday:  I tried to sleep all day, but of course that's the day I'm suddenly popular.  Funquita calls.  I go back to sleep.  Sosa calls.  I try to go back to sleep but he yells at me about what a beautiful day it is.  Very true.  So I sit outside and do nothing until Funquita calls and wants to do this thing called   excercise  (on a Sunday? how absurd...).  Our retarded gimpy asses tool around the river, blown over by the 95 mile and hour winds and pelted with sand and pebbles.  Maybe that was a little dramatic.  It was fun, defninitly should be a routine.  Head off to the Rooster for a good ass burger and chat w/ Sosa...  I think I have a crush on him.. Too bad he's off limits due to the Friend Code.     Monday:  Horrible day.  Not even going to talk about it.  The sun will come out Tomorrow, Tomorrow.....