         I bought a Sanskrit-English dictionary online from Powells.com. When I got it this week, I realized it's going to be almost useless to me. It's only Sanskrit-English, with no English-to-Sanskrit section, and all the Indic words are in the Devanagari script, which I do not read. By the typeface it looks to be an older book, possibly 19th century, originally published in India and reprinted in the 1990s in England.   Still, it's fascinating, and I find myself sitting up at night, thumbing through it, scanning the columns of strange script and familiar definitions. A dictionary half in an unknown language is a fountain of inspiration. Delightful connections are expressed there, along with conceptions that convince me that, in ancient India, the world had a civilization that has hardly been matched in subtlety and sophistication.    A man who does not cook for himself; a bad cook [a term of abuse].  A mouse; a miser.  Licked; surrounded.   m.  A bee; a scorpion.  f.  A woman's female friend.  A whirlpool, a crowded place.  Inaccessible; unfit for sexual intercourse; difficult to understand.    There are whole sermons and life lessons in a single word:    Repentance, intense enmity, close attachment.  Fire; appetite; gold.  A great danger; a desperate act.  Supported; haughty; near; obstructed.  Touched; violated; judged; endured.  Relaxation; independence.   There are mysteries fit to be taken whole as a poem by Wallace Stevens or William Carlos Williams, or to inspire a Borges  ficcione :    A benediction; a serpent's fang.  Homeless, imperishable.  Ungovernable; necessary.  Painting figures on the body; feathering an arrow.   I meet words I wish I had; that is, words for which there is no single word in English that covers the same territory:    Pleasure arising from sympathy.  One who has suppressed his tears.  An illustration of a thing by its reverse.  A practice not usually proper to the caste but allowable in time of distress.  A figure of speech dependent on sense and not on sound.