         A couple of weeks ago, when the U.S. Marines paused on the verge of a powerful victory in Fallujah, and brought in local militias to handle the insurgency there, I thought it was a terrible mistake.  Granted, this situation was a collision of what ought to be our two main goals in the country: 1. convincing West-hating Islamic terrorists that we will defeat them and kill them without tiring, and 2. convincing average Iraqis that it really is their country now, even though we're all over it, and our purpose is not to rule them, but to set them up in self-rule and then go home.  But the second goal seemed distant then, and the first seemed to be faltering with our indecisive military strategy, that allowed the thug-army that hid among the civilians to flout us and pose like pan-Arabist heroes.  Now, it seems, the Iraqification solution is working -- so far -- beyone what I could have hoped. I'm willing to eat every word I ever said against it if I get to read more stories like this one, from today's AP wire:   FALLUJAH, Iraq (AP) - A former Saddam Hussein-era general appointed by the Americans to lead an Iraqi security force in the rebellious Sunni stronghold of Fallujah urged tribal elders and sheiks Sunday to support U.S. efforts to stabilize Iraq.   Retired Maj. Gen. Mohammed Abdul-Latif rose to prominence after nearly monthlong battles last month between the Marines monthlong battles in April between the Marines and insurgents hunkered down in Fallujah's neighborhoods.   "We can make them (Americans) use their rifles against us or we can make them build our country, it's your choice," Latif told a gathering of more than 40 sheiks, city council members and imams in an eastern Fallujah suburb.   The siege of this city of 200,000 people, located about 40 miles west of Baghdad, was lifted when top Marine officers announced the creation of the Fallujah Brigade — a force made exclusively of former Iraqi army officers.   The Marines withdrew from Fallujah into the rural hinterland and far-flung suburbs, allowing the Iraqi force to take up positions and start patrols inside the city. The brigade is expected to number about 1,500 men, many of them conscripts or noncommissioned officers under Saddam.   They are expected to fight the guerrillas, although some of the same insurgents who fought the Marines last month will likely join the brigade.   On Sunday, Marines of the 1st Battalion, 5th Regiment provided security for the gathering in Kharma.   Latif, 66, a native of Baghdad, urged the elders to talk freely, citing the Muslim holy book, the Quran.   "The Quran says we should sit together, discuss and make a decision, but let it be the right decision," the silver-haired Latif — a slim figure wearing a blue shirt and dark blue tie and pants — told the sheiks.   The venue offered a rare insight into Latif's interactions and influence over Fallujah elders. As he spoke, many sheiks nodded in approval and listened with reverence to his words. Later, they clasped his hands and patted Latif on the back.   Latif, speaking in Arabic to the sheiks, defended the Marines and the U.S. occupation of Iraq.   "They were brought here by the acts of one coward who was hunted out of a rathole — Saddam — who disgraced us all," Latif said. "Let us tell our children that these men (U.S. troops) came here to protect us.   "As President Bush said, they did not come here to occupy our land but to get rid of Saddam. We can help them leave by helping them do their job, or we can make them stay ten years and more by keeping fighting."   Lt. Col. Brennan Byrne, the Marine battalion commander, said, "No truer words have been spoken here today than those by General Latif."   Latif also told the insurgents to "stop doing stupid things."   "Those bullets that are fired will not get the Americans out, let them finish their job here so that they can return to their country," Latif said.   "Our country is precious, stop allowing the bad guys to come from outside Iraq to destroy our country."