         The idea is that there is a serious cleaving between people who believe America has been at war since 9-11-01 and people who do not. And many people who do not realize this simply think the people on the "other side" have lost their minds, or, more darkly, have revealed their true viciousness.   In October, in a poll in Iowa taken by Democratic strategists, just one percent of Democrats who planned to vote said they worried about terrorism, with another two percent saying they worried about homeland security. In three states covered in the poll (including also New Hampshire and South Carolina) terrorism/homeland security placed dead last on the list of Democratic concerns.   A new Gallup poll, taken from March 5 to 7, asked, "Thinking ahead to the elections for president in 2004, if you had to choose, which of the following issues will be more important to your vote?" The choices were economic conditions or terrorism. According to a breakdown provided by Gallup, 76 percent of Democrats answered the economy. Just 10 percent of Democrats said terrorism would be more important to their vote, and 13 percent said both equally.   In contrast, 48 percent of Republicans said terrorism was their greater concern, while 46 percent said the economy, and four percent said both equally.   Gallup also asked, "If you had to choose, which of the following presidential candidates would you be more likely to vote for — a candidate would do a good job on the economy, or a candidate who would do a good job protecting the country from terrorism?"   Seventy percent of Democrats chose a candidate who would do a good job on the economy. Just 25 percent chose a candidate who would do a good job protecting the country from terrorism. Sixty-two percent of Republicans chose a leader who would be strong on terrorism, while 32 percent chose one who would do a good job on the economy.   If you don't believe there's a war on, those who do believe it will look like mindless, soulless, flag-draped mongers of violence. If you do believe we're at war, the other side can look like a pack of feeble-minded effete cowards, wanna-be quislings, and traitors.