          Did you donate to    Spirit of America?   If you did, you've probably seen this good news. If you didn't, go check them out, and maybe you can feel a little glow of satisfaction when the next update comes. If you've been watching from the sidelines, wanting to do your part, this is an excellent group. They work hard, they keep it real, and the overhead is minimal. What you give them, they put to work.   From: Dunham Maj Oliver H  Sent: Monday, June 28, 2004 6:12 AM To: Jim Hake Cc: Lutkenhouse LtCol John F; Chandler Maj Thomas E  Subject: sewing center  Dear Jim,  The local TV station we have been supporting with your donated media gear did a news spot on the new sewing center that opened in Ramadi. The station did a 14 minute segment set to music, with interviews of different people interspersed throughout the segment.  The center has actually been expanded into what the Iraqis are calling a "Women's Center" (the sign reads in English below the Arabic, "The Organization of Creative Women in New Iraq"). The Iraqis will be planning use profits generated from the sewing to fund women's education (English, computer skills, etc). This is huge and is exactly the direction we are trying to drive things as it runs counter to the agenda of the extremists who are fighting to keep this part of the world mired in the dark ages. During the segment, they panned to new furniture (purchased by us), school-type desks and new computers (I believe provided by CPA), and of course, the sewing machines set up on tables, each one being its own sewing station. They are saying that 900 families will be supported by the center though I think that may be a little bit of an overstatement as locals here are sometimes apt to do.  That said, the Iraqis had a true ribbon cutting ceremony.  There was a darling little girl who was holding one end of the ribbon while a man cut the ribbon. One of the Iraqis interviewed (I believe he is the director of the center) thanked the Governor for the assistance that made the center possible.  Because we are approaching the transfer to sovereignty there was no Coalition involvement in the opening of the center.  Thus, though the Coalition was not mentioned; we still see this as a win. Any time the interim government gets credit for something that benefits local people, it increases support for the interim government.  Support for the interim government means greater stability, which is what we need to get Iraq through the transition period.   There is still a fight here, but we are making progress.  Thanks again for the help.  Holden