Hey kids...  Sorry I havent written much lately, been in St. Louis for a couple of days.  I'll be going to the Philly Children's Hosp. in July.  Not sure when, but if we're there at the same time Em, we'll have to go to the White Dog.  About my cousin...she is indeed licensed.  After working at BDLC for two years, I was very aware of the trouble she could get into if she did this without being licensed.  She spent most of last summer and fall going through the process with the state, which is frighteningly easy to pass.  Which she did.  As annoyed as I have been with her in the past, she's busting her ass and it's the first time I've been proud of her in awhile.  Last time I saw her, she apologized to me for her years of "being a shit" and didnt know how I could stand her.  For me, that was huge. Reflection and self awareness are beautiful things.  Would I wanna spend more than 4 hours with her?  God no.  Do I think she is growing up and becoming accountable for her actions?  Yes.  For now.  She has phases and I'm hoping this is something more.  Re: Jenny and Pat engaged.  She says they are not, but might as well be.  Honestly, after spending time with Patrick, Liz and I agreed that they are PERFECT for each other - he talks as much if not more than her!  Non stop. Rambling.  Annoying.  Shoot me.  I think it's pent up, so when Jenny stops, he just goes to town.  I dunno, they genuinely love each other and it shows.  Liz, Jennys mortal enemy, even agrees on that.  It's not often I've seen her happy, but Patrick definitely changed that.  Ok, I'm biased.  I've known the kid since she was 2.  I shoved cookie dough up her nose at a Christmas party when I was 6.  She's messed up.  We are all in some fashion.  But when you stop using your drama as a crutch/excuse, well, life gets better.  Ok, and lying and stealing are also things you shouldnt do too. :)  On a lighter note, Liz took me to the monkey house at the Brookfield Zoo on Memorial Day. As we were entering the zoo, she says "You're home."    Hey, if anyone wants to come up for Taste of Chicago, just let me know.  I think its from late june till early july.  You are welcome to stay at our place.  This is the first year they are actually having decent bands.    Ok, ladies.  Thanks for listening to an overprotective cousin.