Oh what a weekend..... Never a dull moment with old Tim-boy around. He managed to get Miss Jen and I exceedingly drunk on Saturday night- though we had lots of fun. We did the Broadripple scene and, of course, ended up at the Vogue- where we ran into DA-DA-DA (that is supposed to be the big, impending danger sound)- Evil Sam.  Yes siree bob- Good old Sam was dancing away- on stage with other boys...well- not WITH them- but along side them.   Jen, intoxicated as she was, decided it was time to talk to Sam- who apparently couldn't really hear what she was saying b/c instead he just looked up- saw me, came over and kissed me dead on the mouth. Yes, boys and girls, I've been poisoned. However, I will say that he was very nice and pleasant- which was a good thing. The last thing I needed was to see Tim get into a fight- and he was already giving Evil Sam the eye. After going back to my house, Tim and I were up until about 5am or so. Now, let me remind you that the race is the next day and we had intended to BE there by 9am. Well, I didnt wake up until 9:30 (even with my alarm clock). So I jumped in the shower and then woke him up at 10. We managed to leave my house by 10:15 and make across town, through traffic, park and be in the track by 11:05. We missed the starting of the engines and the official start- but only by a few minutes. We did however get to see the Stealth Bomber flyover which was one of the coolest things I've ever seen. You couldn't even hear it until it had already flown over head. So, if you happened to see it first, it was almost eerie the way it flew towards you- I got chills. This was after Tim, upon exiting my car in the parking lot, who was playfully shoving me (as I said "Would you stop it")- he LOUDLY said "You weren't telling me to stop it last night- huh huh huh". Men are so retarded (sorry Chris).  I went to Brian and Marshall's yesterday. Marshall made me a great dinner- lemon broccoli chicken with squash and broccoli and then we watched the Matrix (my first time). Brian and Erica came home about halfway through- so they decided we should go see ReLoaded that night. Though both movies are pretty good- I have to say that that was WAY too much Keanu for me all at once. He has got to be one of the worst actors ever.  As far as the Jim/Rene update goes- Jim and I haven't talked for about 5 days now- and I don't anticipate a conversation soon. And when he does call (which he will- but I won't call him)- I'll just politely tell him that he really shouldn't call anymore. Rene, on the other hand, is pissed at me b/c I didn't go out with him on Friday or Saturday night. Too f-in bad is what I say. Get over it. He probably won't call for awhile, but then again- he just left town for work again too.   These Are The Days Of Our Lives. . .