It was definitely a busy weekend.  I helped Sarah and Rob hang drywall.  Good thing I've gained upper body strength through swimming!  I didn't realize how slowly that all goes.  It's not a quick job at all.  But I did find out that I have a hidden talent for cutting the stuff, so that was pretty cool.  Saturday night I got home at 1:30, took a shower, and was in bed by 2.  Sunday night I got hom at 2:30, took a shower, and managed to be in bed just before 3.  The last time I stayed up that late, I was out with you all at the bars.  Needless to say, I'm still tired today.  I went to bed at regular time last night and couldn't sleep (go figure).  I really like the idea of the extended weekend but in practice it just kind of messes everything up.  I know it's not an exciting weekend, but it was productive all the same...:)  Steph: Are you looking to buy a house in Metrie?  What kinds of things are you looking for?  I'll tell you, unless you have a lot of time and money, getting a fixer-upper isn't really that much fun.  It's easier to build than it is to remodel and I'm betting it's easier to get insured for a new house.  That's one thing I've found with Sarah and Rob.  The insurance company has been a bitch the whole time because their house isn't really liveable yet.  Talk about needing just one more thing to go wrong or present a challenge...  Em: I'm going to have to say I'm with Cara on the whole bandaid idea of getting rid of Jim.  And you might want to tell Rene where to go, too, so he'll quit bugging you.  These guys aren't good enough for you and you don't need to let them waste your time.  Go out with Brian and Marshall and Erica and have fun with them and let Jim and Rene live in their own pathetic lives without you.  You'll have more fun and be happier without them bothering you all the time.   Jen and Cara and Chris: I hope you both had happy and eventful weekends and that things are going well. :)  My brain is amazingly tired, so I'm going to go stumble through the rest of my day and see where I end up.    I hope everybody has a great day and I'll talk to you all later!  Enjoy the sunshine if you can!  KJT:)