More importantly than Sammy- way to go Martha!!! 61 and looking at prison time- I wonder what creative ideas she'll have for decorating a jail cell. . .  That's so cool that Kristy is dating someone- I hope she's really happy- she's got everything else in her life set- she might as well add this to the reportoire. (My $5 word for the day).  On another note- I have an interview tomorrow morning. It's with a company called ETS, Inc. They do the sales and distribution for Tanning beds to individuals and to companies. The position is for Media Buyer. I hope it's the kind of position I think it is- because if so then it fills my requirements for any new job: less hours, less miles to drive and MORE money. Wish me luck.  Chris, can't use the room- sorry- really wish I could- I just can't afford to come up to Chi-town- I'm going to the beach at the end of the month and have to save every pretty penny until then.  Of course, you have to know the pug's personality before you name it- but here are some of my suggestions: mack, god, cletus, and Steve (if it's a boy dog of course); for a girl: sally, kenzi, cooper. Yes, god- because it's dog backwards.  Cara- sorry about all the poop drama. At least your cat comes around you. Luna will not come near me unless I chase her down and then her new thing is to awaken me early in the morning by dry heaving. It's really cute.  Just want to pass on a little bit of financial info- or something like that. I just switched my local/long distance service to a company called ztel. I get unlimited local and unlimited domestic long distance plus voicemail, caller id, call waiting, etc- for $49.99/month. With my long distance usage- this is a sweet deal. They also have a package though for $30/month that is unlimited local- with all the features and 50 min of long distance- and I think unlimited LD to others on ztel. Go to ztel.com if you want more info.  Ok- so I have to print out my resume and refresh my references. Chris- I'll be adding you to the list, hope you don't mind.  Ta ta girlies (and guy)- until later. . .