Poor Jen!  I'm sorry about your car.  That really sucks.  Will his insurance pay for any repairs or is there some other stupid thing with Indiana insurance law that we don't know.  And I think that cop was just being stupid.  I was pretty sure you had to have proof of insurance, too.  Which makes me wonder if I have mine in my car....  But I don't blame you for going off on that cop.  How dare he be such an ass and give you hell for waiting for him when he should have been there right away.  Did they even give the dumbass a DUI or whatever it's called?  He so shouldn't have given you any grief when the other guy was so clearly at fault.  Hell's bells, even I know if you're going to drink while on meds for anything that you shouldn't drive.  Idiot driver and asshole cops.  But more importantly, you have a wedding dress?!?!?!  And Poor Cara!  At least Oscar is pooping.  Sometimes when they are that young they don't know how to do that yet and the mother cat has to clean their bottoms for them.  I know it's trying, but it'll so be worth it in another week or two when he get the hang of the litter box and learns to clean himself.  At least he didn't fight the bath.  When my cousin Abby got her cat, Chloe was so young that she didn't know how to bathe herself, either, so Aunt Cyndy would wipe her face off with a warm wash cloth.  I know the poopy fur is really gross.  I had to give Katy a bath when she first came home.  She felt so bad with her pneumonia that she hadn't bathed in a good long time, and they don't bathe cats at my vet.  I was even willing to pay them.  Instead, Sarah Anderson and I gave her a bath in my sink and had to get all of the poo out of her tail and off her legs.  At least your cat is little.  Katy was 9 months old and nearly full-grown.  She almost didn't fit in the sink.  But she has more than made up for the bath and the force feeding and watering I had to do.  At least your little guy is eating, so that's one less thing.  Just think of yourself as a mommy. :)  Also, if you confine him to one room or one part of the house during the day while you're gone, it'll be easier on you.  I have to keep all of mine out of the bedroom or they'll sharpen their claws on my bed.  Pain in the patoot, but it saves my sheets. :)  Steph, I'm glad you had a pretty good time at the underwear party.  You should have suggested they have a sex-toy party.  Em hosted on last year or the year before and that was a lot of fun.  At least you had some really good food at the party.  Right now, chicken alfredo sounds really good, and it's not even second breakfast time yet!  I hate going into big groups of people I don't know, too, but four people are completely managable.  I'm glad you had a good time. :)    Anyway, I'd better get some work done.  I have to go over to Main for a little while this morning and look over more applications for the Head of Conservation job.  Of course more came in the day of Jake's big interview.  I'm so tired of this stupid search and screen committee thing.  I just want them to give Jake the job and be done with it.  This is why I hate administration.  They have to make everything take twice as long asn be twice as hard as it should be.  Idiots.  So, I'd best be off.  Everybody have a fabu day!  Love ya!  KJT:)