It's never too early to hate your job!  That's why they call it work.  And who said you can't become a product of your job?  Look at me; I talk about the history of paper and how books structures today really suck because people would rather save money in production than produce a quality product.  Yeah, not interesting at all to anyone in the outside world...:)  And aside from you guys, the only other friends I have work in the library system or for us here in the department.  And none of us get paid for our work.  Screw paying back student loans; we've got to put food on the table.  Ok, now I'm exaggerating, but I'm a writer, I give the truth scope...:)  I've watched A Knight's Tale too many times...:)  Well, it was a quiet but eventful weekend.  I did nothing but run errands and watch bad 80s movies on Saturday and then spent Sunday sanding cupboards for Sarah and Rob while they filled in the hole in their bathroom wall so the birds won't fly in and make nests or poop on things or anything like that.  Praise the Goddess for electric sanders!!!!  Without that, I don't think I'd have an arm today.  But the thing really scared me the first time I turned it on.  I didn't expect it to vibrate that hard....  Yeah, I know; just don't say it. :)  I've been entertaining people with my twisted humor all day.  What can I say?  It's a gift. :)    The following story is not for the weak of heart...  See, I went to the doctor this morning for my 6-month med check (to make sure my crazy drugs haven't turned me into an axe murderer or anything) and she was asking about the other meds I'm on and how they are working.  When we got around to my birth control, I told her that it has completely killed my sex-drive, which is really fine since I'm single anyway.  She told me I could quit taking it if it was bothering me and that she'd write me a prescription for my old one if I wanted.  I said that would be cool, and then the following thought slipped out of my mouth before I could stop it.  I told her it was weird that my sex drive was so low.  I have always been obsessed with it and now I find I have a lot of free time on my hands.  Needless to say, I think I made her day.  Hell, I made my own day with that one.  I'm going to be giggling over it for a while yet...:)  I know, ultra-person story, but if I can't share it with you guys, who am I going to tell? ;)  Anyway, it sounds like Oscar is definitely a keeper.  You've got to get a digital camera so you can take pictures of him for us.  I need to get one so everybody can see Katy, too.  And Jake and Maggie.  And my shoes...  oh, no, sorry, I drifted...:)  Anyway, have a fabu day and I hope things look up from this point on.  Love you all and I'll talk to you more later, KJT:)