hey girls, thanks for all of the support.  i'm actually at my mom's right now.  man, what a hellish day.  my flight out of new orleans was delayed so they knew i would miss the layover flight out of chicago.  so they put me on the next available flight out of chicago which wasn't until 2 1/2 hours after i was already supposed to be in indy.  and then THAT flight got delayed 45 minutes.  kris and mandi thought my flight was on time so they made 2 trips to the airport today!  but i just have to laugh about it.  at least i'm finally here.  i was worried about my mom.  apparently my uncle mike must have been sick, he just didn't tell anyone.  my mom last talked to him on saturday and no one had heard from him since.  on tuesday when he didn't show up for something he always does with friends (i don't remember exactly what it was) word got back to my mom that everyone was worried.  being next of kin she left work to go check on him.  i think she knew something was really wrong, but it was still a shock.  she found him in his bathroom, ice cold, so he must have been gone for a while.  she's doing alright right now, but i don't think she'll be over this for a while.  he was only 44, younger than her.    the coroner is going to rule it natural causes.  i think it was a heart attack, caused by massive internal bleeding.  what caused the bleeding, i'm not sure, but he did have problems with some other health issues.  i do know that the showing is at 11 am to 1 on saturday and the funeral follows that.  it's at the same place my grandparents funerals were, in franklin at vandivier-tudor funeral home on main street.  of course you are all welcome to come, but i understand if you don't.  this is such short notice.  tomorrow my family is sitting down together to figure out a few things and probably just remember him.    it is sad, and i am upset about it, but i just want to be here for my mom and uncle don.  i'll be checking my email and stuff tomorrow too and my mom's phone number is 738-9532, just in case.  i gotta go get some sleep now.  talk to you all later. steph