Well, I thought about turning off the phone- but the people who count on me (and who DO care that I'm on vacation) I wanted to be able to help them if they needed it. It's the mindless bullshit that kills me. Stuff that could wait. But finally, I sent out one email to everyone and said that I am available for Emergencies ONLY and that otherwise, they can leave me an email that I'll get to when I return.   I have an interview tomorrow- and honestly, if it goes well- and they offer me the same amount as what I'm making now- I'll take it- just to reduce stress. Hell, if all goes well with Marshall- I might be moving in the next year or so anyway- so it doesn't really matter.   Cara- So, would Bob look in Valpo or look to commute to Chicago or what? At least he's thinking about it- he still has a stable job to fall back on- which is so important in this horrible job market (as we all know). Sucks about the property taxes though...not as fun as Monopoly, I guess ;)  Steph- ditto on what everyone else said- it was great to see you. Even though it was just for a few moments, and not the happiest of circumstancs, when we were all standing there- it felt like the "gang" again. All of our lives have changed so much over the past few years- and sometimes (though different times for all of us) I think each of us gets on someone else's nerves- but when it counts the most, and deep in our hearts- we all know that we'll always be there for one another.   As far as the last time we were all in the same room together ....dang...that's a good one...maybe when Steph moved?? And hell, that's way too long. We've got to find a central spot- maybe a new years thing or something this year...Memphis? Nashville- I don't know..Geography is definitely NOT my strong suit.  On a funny note- while I was at my mom's this week- I checked my messages at home...low and behold there was a msg from Rene (surprised? I'm not). My mom asked if I thought Jim would call- and I said yes- because he always calls the same day, or the day after Rene does. The funny is (as Rene would say- always omitting "thing")- Jim called 17 hours after Rene. Didn't leave a msg, but he doesn't know I have caller id.   Cute Rachel Story- She was asking me about my boyfriend- and she asked me if I kissed him.....and if he let me kiss him. She was so amazed that I didn't have to chase him around to kiss him (boy does she have a lot to learn!). Because her "boyfriend" Nathan (who's 5 and likes Spiderman, and has 4 other "girlfriends") makes them all chase him- and then won't kiss anyone....My mom said that at Nathan's birthday party- my mom relayed this to Nathan's dad- who promptly went to have a "talk" with his son about how girls chasing him is NOT a bad thing ;)  The Cunningham Manor....The Whiteland Estate aka Beresford Bungalow. . . .Hmmm...what can this crummy old apt be called. . .A HA....The Mersich House O' Love.  Speaking of oddities. . . . .again......where is Monkey Boy???