Hey!  Did you guys see the eclipse last night?  It was so awesome!  I had to watch "Friends" before I went out, but then it was really neat.  I feel all refreshed today.  I sat out in the cold in my nightgown and sweatshirt (yeah, great choice of wardrobe, I know) and listened to a CD the whole time the moon was in full eclipse.  When it started to come out again I went in.  My upper body was plenty warm but my legs were icy!  Good thing I have cats who like to curl up around me in bed. :)  Chris, you could tell your bos that in Alaska everyone has a bear bell they wear when they walk outside to alert the bears sleeping in parks that humans are coming.  It stops people from getting eaten or bitten or damaged in some other way by bears who were asleep and then startled awake by an idiot sneaking around the parks.  Then when you give her a bell it'll be for her own good.  Paint the word "Alaska" and little picture of a bell and you're set! :)  My bosses don't usually sneak up on me, either.  Sometimes they come up behind me and I've been thinking about something else and they startle me, but that's completely different.  One of my students has started stomping up behind me so I'll know she's coming.  I guess she got tired of seeing me jump out of my skin every time she came to ask me a question.  I'm still amazed Dr. Martens make such little noise on linolium.  I wish I'd known about the book shortage a few weeks ago.  I just cleaned out my shelves and sold some to the used bookstore.  The rest I took to the women's shelter here in town.  You know, IU has a book sale every year.  They should contact Dave Frasier in the Reference department and see if they can work out some kind of deal.  I think his email is frasier@indiana.edu.  If not, they can just email the reference department.  I don't know if it would do any good, but it's worth a shot.  At the moment, I can't think of anything else to say.  I'm going to Angola to see my grandpa this weekend.  My folks are driving, which means I get to sleep in the car.  We're leaving from their house tomorrow morning.  I guess Abby is going to the symphany with her boyfriend tomorrow night, so I won't get to see that much of her.  Um, and that's about as exciting as it is here so far today.  But then, it's only 9:10.  There's plenty of time for things to pick up by the end of the day.  Everybody have a good one and if I don't write more this afternoon (i.e. if it remains boring and quiet), I'll talk to you all next week.  Have a great day!  KJT:)