It only took me two tries to get on here today.  I'll tell you, my brain is melting.  I had a big project here at work and only a few days to do it, so now that it's finished, I have no desire to work.  And I figured, well, I've neglected my friends for way too long so I'd better hop in and say hey. :)  Last time I wrote I was getting ready to go to my parents' to see Jake and Maggie.  We went bowling that night.  I got the best score of my life!  Thank the gods for gutter bumpers!!!!!  I got a 120.  That broke my original best score of 101.  You've got to know how to play those bumpers, man, that's all there is to that...;)  Sorry, don't know where the stoner came from....;)  Cara, did you try putting Purell on your poison ivy?  I know it works to dry up mosquito bites pretty fast, or so I've been told.  Maybe it would work on poison ivy as well?  I don't know.  It's worth a try.  It can't make it any worse.  Of course, it doesn't smell as good as Calamine lotion, and it doesn't look like ill-matched foundation make-up, but it's worth a try. :)  Em, yea for you!  You are one of the luckiest people I know!  I'll give you a buck to play the lottery for me...;)  Jen, I'm sorry to hear you're still sick so much.  Other than peppermint tea and crackers, I've got no suggestions to help you feel better.  Just take it easy and it'll all be over soon. :)    Steph, that wiggaz site was hilarious!  I couldn't tell if they were joking or serious, though....    No, I didn't break open the big geode.  I just don't want to.  I like it the way it is.  Besides, if I ever have grandkids I can invite them over and we can spend an afternoon breaking open the thousands of geodes I will have collected by then.  Maybe I'll even get one of those neat rock saws so we can just split them in two and polish them up into bookends.  And if I don't have any grandkids, I'll invite yours over and spoil them rotten, anyway. :)  Chris, where are you?  Still on business trips to places?  It's weird not having the occasional bizarre posting from the monkey man...