Cara- I would love to have your entertainment center- but I don't know how we'd get it here- that's the only problem. But if Jen doesn't want it- I'll talk to Marshall and see what we can do. But Jen gets first dibbs since she needs furniture..  Speaking of furniture-  Jen - I could probably give up the futon soon. I mean, I love it, I'm sort of attached to it- but it's not necessary for us to have once we move because we'll have 2 beds. Let me know.   Cara- sorry about the possible IBS. That sucks- Karissa and I can certainly relate. I can give you a little advice to try and see if it helps. Try buying Lactose free milk for awhile. Bob won't even notice if you don't tell him- it's milk, all the same with just the natural sugars removed. My stomach won't digest it right- and that's what makes me have trouble. Also- make sure you are getting enough fiber and iron in your diet. If you aren't sure- make sure you take a daily vitamin.  (Try Puritanspride.com- they have vitamins for CHEAP)  My farting in front of Marshall is not nearly in the same frequency range as his- because he still giggles when I do it. When he does, my general response is "My GOD babe- again?".  We got our JCPenney's engagement pictures back! I like most of them- but there is one pose in particular that I love. I'm not going to assume that you all want a copy- because we don't have THAT many. So- if you do want one (they are wallet size), let me know and I will get you one.   Well- I had my 2nd Weight Watchers meeting last night- and in my first week- I lost 1.5 lbs! Not major loss- but very good progress (they said that is a very normal loss for week one). My goal is 20 lbs by Dec. 31- and if I stayed at this pace, I'd have lost 21 lbs. It's going to be tough though, going through the holidays!  Anyway...we changed our first song again...(Colors are still the same!)- Now it's 'Heaven' by Louis Armstrong and Ella Fitzgerald. We've also picked out our invitations (not ordered them, just picked them out) Jen/Karissa- you'll remember them as the ones with the cool 20's style picture on the front, tri-fold. Marshall loved them- AND they are relatively cheap!  Well, I better get to work- let me know (email) if anyone wants an engagement pic.