Karissa...I didn't take anything bitchy that I read. Youre just a girl with boy problems. Isn't it great that you have now too many boys to choose from??? Date both, shit. Remember, there will be some sort of sign that will let you know what to do. Just pay attention to that inner voice of yours. Everything happens for a reason.   Lisa and Ryan went on a cruise for their honeymoon. Ryan is scared to death of flying so it was a miracle he got on the plane. My mom said taking him to the airport was like taking him to the gas chamber. Lisa promised that if he took the ride home that she will never ask him to fly again. I doubt that but it might get him back on the plane.  There was so much drama at that wedding that I could barely stand it. I have been pissed off by shit that i'm ready to take it out on someone. Everything worked out but I still have pent up aggression. Tiny but violent. Judy (Ryan's mom) called Lisa a bitch and was calling to yell at her when she was getting her hair done. She called two more times but my mom finally started screening the calls. The bitch thing happened before I got there or I would have knocked that fat woman down myself.   Ryan got drunk at the reception and puked all over himself. Lisa started crying because they had to leave early and she was claiming he was ruining everything. Parents were quite pissed off about that. Of course, the next morning neither one of them had a hangover or anything. I doubt there was any sex though.  Some guy stole the centerpieces off the table. You know those vases with the fruit in them? The decorator saw the guy take off with two of them and followed him to his car. He returned with them only to take two more when he was leaving again. Parents had to pay for the missing vases, which made one of Lisa's bridesmaids cry.   We had to clean up after the reception, which was a suprise to all of us. We had to stack chairs, take the table cloths off and clean up all the cigarette butts from the parking lot. That sucked big time.  Some guy my dad drove home bitched him out because he wouldn't drop him off at a bar. He was one of the ushers and now Ryan wants to kick his ass.   I got in the car and sobbed all the way to the hotel. I was so tired and upset. Plus my feet hurt since my blisters exploded and there was blood all over my shoes.  Other than that, it was a great time. (I'm rolling my eyes right now)