Why is being with Brian holding myself back?  Yeah, there are major issues in that relationship and it's very likely going to end badly, but why is loving him holding myself back?    One time I stayed with a boy that no one liked and he made me really unhappy.  One time, I stayed with a boy everyone really liked, and I ended up making both of us miserable.  One treated me like crap and the other one treated me like a queen.  I didn't really love either of them and ended up getting hurt by that in the end.  I'm being honest with Tony about my feelings for Brian.  That's all I can do right now.  I don't know what's going to happen tomorrow, but right now, I'm staying with Brian and becoming friends with Tony.  That's all I can do.  Anything else feels wrong and I have to go with my gut, even though it usually leads me astray.  I don't want to be with Tony just because everyone likes him better or because he wants to only be with me.  I can't date someone because everyone else thinks we should be together.  That's not fair to him.  If I am ever with him, it's going to be because I want to be with him.  That's why I'm with Brian now.  Because I want to be.  Yes, Tony is making a real effort, and I'm not turning him away.  I'm going really slowly with him to see if anything develops.  I'm not going to rush into a relationship (again) with someone I barely know just because he likes me.  I don't know exactly how I feel about him.  And he's willing to take his time with me, too.  Tony seems like an easy solution to a difficult problem and I'm not willing to go that way until I have a better idea of who he is and what he's about.  I have to make my life as difficult as possible, after all.  There's really no such thing as an easy solution and if I jump on this I'm just as likely to get screwed in the end.  I want to take my time with Tony.  If it turns out that he's "the one," I want to have come to that conclusion on my own.  You and Sarah are both concerned that I've hitched my wagon to a dying star, and I love you both for it.  If you didn't love me, you wouldn't care.  But I have to do this the hard way.  Things that are given to you without a struggle aren't usually worth it.  Life isn't supposed to be easy, it rarely makes sense, and we can't pick who we love.  So I'm going to continue to be an emotional mess, I'm going to hang out with my new friend, and I'm going to see what happens.