Em, that is a beautiful dress!  When you said you'd found a style you liked, I thought you meant for the bridesmaids dresses (completely narcissistic of me apparently;).  I love that gold trim.  It's just gorgeous!  And I got my invite to the engagement party.  It's somewhere in my car, though.  Can you email me the details so I can put it in my calendars so I don't lose it?  I know, I could go out and look in the car, but I think it might have made it into the house and I'm doing a really good job of losing mail these days.  I think it has to do with losing my mind, but that's just a hunch...  Oh, but if you could email it to me, I can have it in my yahoo calendar AND my work calendar and then I'll get reminders all over the place.  I know I'm a pain in the ass.  It's my job.  But hey, at least I'm not crying, right? ;)  On that subject, I made an interesting discovery the other night.  If you cry hard enough for long enough, when you finally relax and try to go to bed, your abs twitch for at least half an hour.  Why was I crying that much?  Well, it's what I do now.  It saves on movie rentals, let me tell you.  I can cry at the drop of a hat now, no televised drama required.  It's very cool, really.    Actually, I'm in a good mood today.  I don't know why.  The only thing I'm really happy about today is the fact that it's not Tuesday.  And even Tuesday wasn't bad.  It was strangely good.  Hm.  OK, I didn't tell you all about it.  I knew I was forgetting something yesterday.  Yesterday, I woke up 3 minutes before my first alarm went off.  I laid there, waited, and turned it off when it started.  I turned on the radio and the light as usual (amazingly, yes, I do often fall back to sleep amidst all of that distraction), but I couldn't fall back to sleep.  So I laid there for 15 minutes until my second alarm went off and just got out of bed.  It was 6:45 when I relinquished the bed to the kittens.  I was in and out of the shower by 7, eating breakfast by 7:10, and out the door by 7:35.  I actually got to work 20 minutes before I'm supposed to be here, so that's like 50 minutes earlier than I'm usually there at all (they don't even look for me until 8:30 anymore).  I even beat Garry in, which threw everyone off because he's usually there 15 or 20 before 8.  So, I sat down, did early email, and at 8:30, Garry (who got there at 8) and I went to the Library's all-staff meeting.  There were doughnuts.  We go just about anywhere for doughnuts.  Then again, we're suckers for most baked goods, so there you go.  We were some of the first people there, so we hit the breakfast line fast and hard, got settled at our table, and waited.  You know, the thing about these meetings is that they really have nothing to do with our department.  We're not in customer service and access, we're not in processing.  We're the fix it people.  We're the go-to guys.  They don't actually give a rat's ass about us.  So, we sat and listened from 9 until 11 and then skipped out when they gave us a 5 minute break.  After the break they wanted to have group discussions about things that really don't effect us, so we came back.  I did, however, start to write a story based on actual events.  It's call "The Queen Gets A New Head: A Cautionary Tale."  There's nothing like plastic surgery and Botox to let the little people know that, not only do you make 3 or 4 times as much money as they do, but you don't care that you do and will be self-centered enough to parade your wealth in front of them.  The Dean of Libraries (a.k.a. the Queen) has at least gotten rid of the Carol Brady mullet, but it's amazing how un-lifelike Botox can make you look.  I saw her try to smile.  She had to stick her tongue out.  It was frightening in many ways.  Once I finish the story, I'll type it out and send it to you all if you want.  If nothing else, it kept me awake and made me giggle to myself.  Oh, so when we came back, I started to write a long email to Brian, in which I said a lot of things I want to say and can't send in an email, and then I had to edit it a lot before I sent it.  I spent the better part of the afternoon slacking off that way.  It was really fun.  And since it was a long day, I was here until 6 and then went to swimming, where Abby and I did the whole deep water exercise class without the bouyancy belts.  This may not sound like a big deal, but trust me, it is.  Not only do you get the whole work out that you normally get, but you have to tread water the whole time and try not to drown.  That's not always easy because it's water, and that means that waves come back to hit you in the face, especially since you're riding lower than usual because you don't have the foam belt around your waist.  There were a few moments where I didn't think I was going to make it, but I did, and I'm glad.  After swimming, Sarah came over and brought me KFC and we watched Gilmore Girls and Charmed.  I figured out that the new Charmed is on channel 40 every week so if we miss it on Sunday we can still see it.  Since Tuesday is also Gilmore Girls night, Sarah and I are going to switch our date night from Sunday to Tuesday.  And then, when I finally found my way to bed, as tired as my body was, I couldn't sleep.  I just laid there, muscles contracting and relaxing as I noticed I was tensing up, my brain spinning out of control.  Needless to say, getting out of bed this morning was not nearly as easy as it was yesterday and I was here at my regular time.  Wow.  I'm talking a lot today.  Hm.  Oh well. :)  I'm also downloading music onto my desktop from the Windows Media Player so that when I'm in the mood to listen to a particular artist or song, I'll have it.  Ooh, I still need to go in and get "Baby Got Back."  I think that's the best work out song ever.  I mean, there you are, sweating and cringing and trying to tough it out and there's this song about how this guy likes big butts.  It takes a lot of pressure off, you know?  Not that we work out to get boys, but let's face it, maybe we do a little bit.  Actually, I work out so I can be really strong and periodically squeeze the stuffings out of Brian.  I always warn him I'm going to go it, too, so it's not like it's a surprise.  We'll be laying in bed (fully clothed, you dirty girls; this is a G-rated blog [well, today, anyway]!), just cuddling, and I'll put my arms around his torso and lock my legs around one of his legs (like I said, G-rated) and SQUEEZE all of the air out of him.  I don't know why I think that's so funny, but it really is.  The number of things I see that way is growing.  And I think that brings us up to today.  I've given you more information about my love life than you wanted to know, you know that I had a day of being a morning person and I almost liked it, and that's about it.  Now I'm ready for a nap.  I'm so glad it's Wednesday it's not even funny, though.  It feels like a Tuesday because I'm so worn out from swimming last night, but I get to go home after work and go for a walk around the neighborhood, so it's all good.  I hope everyone has a good day!