I think we're all falling apart.  This is just crazy.  Ok, so Em has a baldder infection, Cara has an eye ulcer, I'm going through a depressive fit (my left lower eyelid keeps twitching and my left shoulder is really tight), we all have IBS...  I think Jen and Steph and Chris are the only healthy ones, and I'm betting that's only a matter of time.  Well, Jen is pregnant so she has super antibodies at the moment, so we'll keep our fingers crossed for her.    Did we tell you guys about Sarah's biopsy?  She had a mole the size of a dime on her right boob so she took it to the doctor, who sent her to a dermatologist who then scooped out the mole.  Well, when they got the results back they found out that the mole was pre-cancerous (dysplasia) so they had to go in and take out more tissue.  So last Wednesday or Thursday, she went back in to the dermatologist so they could take out the rest of that tissue and some of the surrounding cells so that hopefully she won't have this problem in the future.  I guess the doctor was really surprised when she got in there, though.  The procedure was supposed to take 10 minutes.  Sarah ended up having them scoop stuff out for at least half an hour.  She has a five centimeter (2 inch) incision now.  It's kind of cool.  I saw it.  They did a really good jobs stitching her up.  There is a layer of disolvable stitches inside and then the outside stitches were done like the ones they do for plastic surgery, so she won't have a scar that's a line with little dots on each side.  She'll just have a line.  And really, it's not even going to be that bad.  They did a really good job.  I got to help her change her bandage on Saturday.  Well, I got to see it Friday night when I went over after work to hang out with her (I skipped tai chi because I'm a naughty girl) and it wasn't at all what I'd imagined.  When she talked about them scooping flesh out of her boob, I invisioned this huge valley.  It's just a line.  That's all.  It's like when I heard about Abby's leg.  I thought that was going to be like a 12 inch scar, the way they all talked about how big the cut was. but it's only like 3.5 or 4 inches tall.  Anyway, she made it through, I think they are going to send that sample off for testing, and it's all going to be alright.  At least it's skin cancer and not breast cancer.  And it's not even cancer yet, so no worries.  I just thought you guys would like to know. :)  Plus you know how my inner second-grader likes to tell gross stories, so it's not like I could have resisted for long...;)  Anyway, I hope everyone had a good weekend.  Or is at least feeling better now.  The sun is out now and I got a lot of sleep, so things are better here than they were.  I cleaned my whole house last night (which takes about an hour so I don't know why it seems like such a monumental task) and changed my sheets and all sorts of things.  And that's about as exciting as the weekend was.    OK, "Baby Got BAck" is still as funny as it used to be.  I love Windows Media Player...;)