Cara, is the painting done on black velvet, by any chance?  Because that puts in a whole other class of ugly/kitsche....:)  Em, I feel your pain.  Not only do I really miss Brian right now, but I'm all hormonal, which makes bad things worse and good things better.  And I still don't know when I'm going to see him because he's so busy.  Did you ever notice that the last letters of PMS can also stand for Mood Swing?  That struck me last week and I'm starting to wonder if they did that on purpose...  I went over to Sarah's house and helped her hand out candy.  There was this cute little kid in a Care Bear costume!  She was about 18 months or so, so she was still in that toddling stage, so she even walked like a Care Bear!  She was just too cute!  And she had a little heart on her butt like the real Care Bears did.  I think that about made my night...:)  Then on Saturday, the first day of the New Year, I cleaned the house and smudged it (so yes, it smelled like pot) and it's all good.  The kittens were curious about what I was doing, but when I smudged them, they ran away and bathed themselves to get rid of the smell.  Only Lulu came back for more, but I think that's because she really does have the long-term memory of a gnat and forgot she'd already been smudged once.  :)  Ok, I'm going to kill Art.  He's one of our students, he's at least 65, and I'm going to have to kill him.  I'm sorry.  I just can't take it any more.  He talks all the time, he does slip-shod work, and he drives me nuts, which on any day isn't a long drive, but today is especially short.  I was taught to respect my elders and to treat them a certain way.  This is one of the few times I've been tempted to go against my training and just bitch someone out.  And he's here until 2.  That's more than 4 hours from now.  I'm going to have to kill him.  Please say you'll all come and visit me in Lock Down.  Maybe I'll plead insanity and just get to wear a straight jacket for the rest of my life.  It can't be that bad.  Sure, it'll make swimming hard, but you know, it could be worse...