It's time for the news.  So, for some reason, last week I was really attractive to boys on the net.  I never took down my personals, even when I stopped caring about them.  It just didn't occur to me.  Plus, it's kind of nice when you get a little message from a stranger saying that they think you look like a cool person.  Yes, most of those people were freaks, let's not kid ourselves, but it was still nice.  And last week, I got two very nice messages, one from someone who turned out to be a crazyhead (seriously, the fear of being stalked came into sharp relief) and one who seems to be very nice.  Alex works at McCormick's Creek as a kind of ranger guy, he's 30, Dutch, has a cat named Leo, and is really a funny guy.  We've been emailing for the last four days.  Cara, remember when I started emailing SFB and I would be on your computer for hours?  Yeah, I spent most of yesterday morning writing one of those monumental emails to this guy.  I gave him my number, he called last night, and we talked for about 2 and a half hours.  Lots of laughing and sarcasm and a few inappropriate comments here and there, and mostly it was a great conversation.  We're going to meet tonight to see "Finding Nemo" at the $2 movies because he hasn't seen it and I think this may be the last night it's in the theater and this really is one of those movies that should be seen on the big screen first.  He knows about Brian, Brian knows about him, and I am completely confused about everything.  Alex and I are going to start out as friends because he understands that I'm in a weird relationship, and I'm really excited about that.  He just seems really cool and understanding.  But you all know me and you know I'm sitting here running every possible scenerio that could happen and a few that probably aren't possible.  So I'm excited and nervous and a little weirded out by the whole thing.  And since I've been quiet for so long this week, I thought I'd better speak up and give you the skinny.  Cara, again, happy birthday!  And I'm glad I'll get to give you your present in person, and so soon after the actual day!  You know me and mail.  I know you understand. :)  And now, let's throw it on over to the weather....