You ever have one of those days??  I think that I am having one of those weeks. First I start feeling kinda of yucky on Monday and by Wenesday I have a full fledge cold.  And being pregnant I had to suffer all day Tuesday until I could talk to the Doc and find out what I could take to help stop the snot faucet.  So to cheer me up on Weds. John brought Sosa over to visit. John even decided to stay the night. So all was well I finally had medicine in me, wrapped up in my favorite blanket with my extra heater (i.e. John) next to me until BAM 4:30 in the morning my little Sosa decided he had to go pee! I find myself with an excited dog on top of me and my glasses on the floor and broken! Sosa knocked over the table that I had my glasses on. Poor guy has never quite figured out how to coordinate his body to all go in the same direction.  But wait my saga continues... I think that on Thursday morning I can go to Lenscrafters and get my lenses popped out of my glasses and put into new frames (my mom has been able to do this before) but alas that was not going to be my fairy tale happy ending. No for me I had to go and get an eye exam b/c my glasses were 2 years old than by new frames and lenses. Luckly John got paid b/c well I haven't for the last 2 weeks (my boss is lazy and I am going to have to complain to Kelly Services b/c he isn't turning in my timecards) and I would still be walking around blind as a batt and luckly he also had the day off to drive my blind pregnant butt around. Remind me to never take a smart ass with me when I go glasses shopping next time. While we were looking for new frames trying to find cheap but modern looking (read as close to what I had before as possible) he kept telling me that I should just tape up my broken ones.    So to end my sad tale I have new glasses that I love (I think that after all these years John has finally gotten some taste b/c he picked them out and I really liked them), a knight in tarnished armor that has saved his damsel in distress (until I can pay him back), and most importantly even though I still don't feel the greatest the snot faucet has stopped!!!