Well, it would appear good ol' AOL has decided to fuck up once again.  I seem to be having tremendous difficulty getting it to do the most basic of tasks.  "Ha ha," you say, "that's what you get for using AOL."  Shut up, I've heard that plenty of times before.  I can get online just fine, but as soon as I try to access a web site, or open a piece of mail, it acts like it is loading, but it just sits there loading forever, and I have to press cmd+option+escape (I'm using a Mac) to force the program to close.  "But wait," you say, "if your internet access isn't working, then how are you posting to your Blog?"  Simple, and you should know all about being simple, you stupid bastard.  I finally found that I could connect to America Online and not press anything, and then open up Explorer and use that, and it would work just fine, as long as I don't try to use AOL for anything.  So, in the meantime, I'm using this method.  Wow, three posts today.  Well, I guess that will make up for tomorrow, when I probably won't get to make any posts tomorrow, unless I do it in the morning or early afternoon, before I go to work.  The reason I probably won't post is I work the late shift at work tomorrow, which means I wont get off until 11:30, unless it's slow and I get to leave early.  I work at Carl's Jr.  I don't think I've mentioned that before, if so, get over it.  That's a fast food place, if you didn't know.  Some places don't have Carl's Jr, so, better safe than sorry.  Anyway, after work me and some other people, I hesitate to call some of them "friends," are going over to Daniel's house to have a party, if you want to call it that.  Basically just a few people sitting around playing drinking games.  Daniel said we may also watch my "Silence of the Hams" video too.  But anyway, it will be too late when I get back, and I'll probably be slightly drunk, so I probably won't feel like writing a post then.  "Boo hoo," you say, "he's not gonna make a post.  Oh, I'm just heartbroken."  Shut up, don't make me kill you, bitch.  SubSpecies23