The quotes below are complaints reported by clients  of Room 111, a public health clinic in St. Paul that  treats people for sexually transmitted diseases.  Nurses at the clinic began creating the list two  decades ago; it now includes several hundred comments.    http://citypages.com/databank/23/1142/article10824.asp   "I have reason to believe my penis was exposed to LSD.  When I ejaculate I have flashbacks."  "My hair is falling out and the sun hurts my crotch."  "I went to a party, had a few beers, woke up in a  closet later on and my face stunk and my dick hurt."  "My last period looked like meat."  "My balls feel soft and mushy."  "I be messin' with these nasty women from Minnesota  and they don't tell you they got something unless  they mad at you."  "How am I supposed to do lap dances smelling like  a dead fish?"  "I got the dripper."  "I have food chunks in my urine."  "Had sex with my daughter's fiancé and then douched  with Lysol--feelin' a little raw down there."  "Scabs on my butt and I'm losing my mind."  "I'm releasing semen when I take a crap."  "I was poked in the rectum with the infected finger  of a 70-year-old homosexual man."  "I live at the VA and my roommate has his girlfriend  from Minneapolis over. They throw ticks at me that  bite my neck and when I pop the sores, they smell  like vagina juice."  "Can't you put the swab in further?"  "I had sex with my baby's momma, sex with my other  baby's momma and my other new baby's momma has  disease."  "Last time I had sex I passed something that looked  like Cream of Wheat before it's cooked."  "My cervix hurts when I jiggle."  "The seam in my circumcision split open."  "I be messin' with my ex-wife and my girlfriend  and I don't trust either of them."  "My whole body smells like a menstruating woman,  especially my armpits."  "From the looks of my penis, I believe they are  sucking the adrenaline out of me."  "I think they hypnotized me and put implants and  poltergeists in my brain and had sex with me."  "I think my boyfriend knows what's going on. He's  been calling me a 'chlamydiahoris.'"  "My pee smells like ham."