"Mommy, mommy!  What are those doggies doing?" "Ummm, they're playing leapfrog, Timmy."  So anyway, I'm just walking down the street today, and this guy yells, "What the hell are you doing in the middle of the street, you fucking moron?"  Not really, but that would have been great.  I've been in a weird mood all day today.  I was talking to myself even more than usual at work tonight.  I was saying very strange things, weird things, and most of the time I was talking in some kind of strange spanish accent or something.  I sounded kind of like Strong Bad from   Homestar Runner.com .  Okay, so I finished "Queen of the Damned," and now I'm almost finished with "Tale of the Body Thief."  That's still almost all I'm doing, is reading.  I just found out my great-grandmother was named Mary Magdalene Underwood.  That's great, I love that.  My great-grandmother was named after a prostitute that hung around with Jesus.  If I ever have a daughter I want to name her Mary Magdalene.  Either that or Alexis Nicole.  Wait, I wonder if this was the Irish woman?  One of my great-grandmothers on my father's side was full blood Irish.  I inherited all the Irish traits:  red hair, pasty white skin, temper.  Except I apparently didn't inherit the Irish drinking qualities.  I'm drunk after two drinks.  I don't drink very often though.  On the bad side I also found out that most of my relatives came from Tennesee between 1910 and 1920.  I've always been interested in the genealogy of my family, but none of my immediate family knows hardly anything about anyone past my grandparents.  I just found out a few weeks ago that some relative, a cousin or something, has been doing all this research for a few years now and she's really good at it, she's traced the name back to like the year 1000 or something like that.  I've known that for years, most of the websites tell me that the name "Underwood" is a celtic name dating back to somewhere around 1100 or 1200.   She also gave me a lot of information and told me I could start helping her look stuff up, and told me how to go about it.  So I may do a little of that in what little free time I have.  Ok, I'm going to read now.   By the way, Timmy's mom is a lying bitch.