Last night at work sucked.  I had to clean the bathrooms, which is nothing new, but when I went to clean them, the men's room was completely and totally disgusting.  This is also nothing new, but it was even worse than usual.   Men's rooms are the nastiest, filthiest places on the planet.  Usually when I go in there I have to clean snot off the wall from where people have picked their nose and wiped it on the wall while they're on the toilet.  And there's often crap smeared on things, and I mean actual crap.  Last night it was even worse.  The toilet had been filled with toilet paper, to the point that all the water had been sucked up and the paper had formed a big coagulated lump that filled most of the toilet.  And then, since the toilet was stopped up, someone had taken a crap in the urinal, or something.  It was just a piece of some crap, not an entire turd, I don't know if someone had just put it in there, or if they'd taken a crap in the urinal and got most of it to flush, or what.  I don't want to know what some people do in our bathroom.  Also, someone's kid had thrown up in the floor.  I say it was a kid or a baby, because it was just a tiny pile, and judging from the looks of it, and the smell of the entire bathroom, it was a pile of fresh Froot Loops or Trix cereal.  I'm glad I don't have to clean the bathrooms for almost another week.  I only have to clean them on certain days.  It makes it worse that the new cleaner we have to use is some really strong bleach spray, it smells like Tilex or something.  Some of the employees are allergic to it, and even the ones that aren't have a hard time using it.  With me it makes it really hard to breathe, and I have a runny nose for the rest of the night.  One time the bathrooms were really dirty, and I had to spray so much of it that it made it very hard to breathe, irritated my skin, turning my face and hands red and then I threw up.  We all hate the cleaner, but we have to use it, the company made us switch to new chemicals recently.  I have to go to work now, but at least I don't have to clean the bathrooms.