Time for a patented Kevin Underwood bitch fest.  I went to Sonic for lunch today.  It was completely nasty.  My bacon cheeseburger was cold, and the bun was hard, and the whole thing tasted like it was a couple of hours old.  The chili-cheese fries were also very cold.  The chili and cheese had turned into a hard mass and only was on about a third of the fries anyway.  The fries themselves were cold and hard too.  And they only gave me a plastic spoon to eat it with.  A plastic fork would have been nice. The spoon would have worked if the food had been fresh, but a spoon would not cut through the hard, coagulated mess.  They also only gave me one napkin.  Even my drink was gross.  I got a Route 44 size cherry limeade.  The drink, while red, had no cherry flavor.  It just tasted like a limeade, and a really strong, sour one at that.  Even ordering the food was a hassle.  I pressed the little button, and had to wait three or four minutes before anyone answered.  And they weren't even busy, there were four cars there besides me.  And the lady who took my order didn't know what she was doing.  She could barely work the headset, it sounded like, and then when she read the order back to me she said, "that's a Sonic Bacon Cheeseburger, a large chili-cheese fry, and a small, I mean, Route 44, cherry limeade.  That'll be $4.67, I  mean, $7.67."  That's another thing I don't like about Sonic, they are too exspensive.  That's why I hardly ever eat there.    And then, while I was waiting for my food, I noticed something else that bothers me.  Spelling and grammar mistakes on signs.  I noticed a store across the street and painted on the front window was, "Used furniture and appliances," only furniture was spelled "furnituer."  Then I decided to drive out to the lake to eat my meal.  I don't really have any complaints about that, except that on the ground right outside my car door was a ripped pair of black panties.  Oh well, at least it wasn't used condoms like usual.  Okay, the bitch fest is done.  Here's something interesting I found last night.  A page about the perils of flouride in the water.  No, it's not one of those weird mind-control conspiracies.  But did you know that flouride is one of the deadliest poisons in anything except miniscule amounts?  It also sites research that links flouridated water with an increase in certain medical conditions, such as cancer, immune deficiency, and the fusing together of the vertebrae.    Click here  to read more.