Happy Thanksgiving you Bastards and She-Bastards.  I hope you choke on your fucking turkey.  Thanksgiving is a pretty boring holiday for me.  My family doesn't get together very much, especially now that all my grandparents are dead.  So Thanksgiving for me is just me and my parents and my sister.  And our dinner isn't much different from any other dinner of the year, except it has turkey and dressing, and we eat it somewhere between noon and 2:00.  If I let it, Thanksgiving would probably be a depressing holiday for me.  Friday, November 27, 1998, two of my good friends became statistics.  One of over 700 accidents on that day.    Genie and Tim both worked with me at Carl's Jr., I had worked with Genie for over a year, and Tim for longer than that.  Tim was one of my managers, but we were friends, and Genie...well, I loved her.  I had been in love with her ever since she started working there.  I never told her or anything, so she didn't know.  We were friends, but she didn't know how much I loved her, how much I longed for her.  Anyway, Genie and Tim were an item, they had been going out for a few months, and they were going shopping, or something, the day after Thanksgiving.  They were headed North on I-35 and their tire blew out, causing them to lose control.  They went out of control, spun, I think. and eventually crossed the median and ended up sitting in the South-bound lanes of I-35, were they were hit by a van travelling at full highway speeds.  The car burst into flames.  Genie survived, because she  didn't  have her seatbelt on, and was thrown through the windsheild.  She survived, but was injured very badly.  Tim, who  did  have his sealtbelt on  was trapped in the car, and burned beyond any recognition.  They had to use his dental records to identify the body.  Genie was taken, by helicopter, I think, to a hospital in Oklahoma City, she was unconscious for a day or two, and ended up being in the hospital for about three weeks.  I don't remember the exact day she got out, but it was just a few days before my birthday, which is the 19th of December.  Two or three days before, I think.  I didn't get to go see her the first couple of days, but after that I went and sat with her every day except one day I had to miss, because of bad weather or something.  I don't remember.  I don't remember much from that year.  It was a very bad year.  This accident was only part of it.  I spent most of that year in a depressed stupor, and don't remember much.  I went to see Genie every day, and I'd sit there with her for several hours every day.  I was usually her only visitor, for some reason her family hardly ever even came to see her.  I sat with her for hours, even when she was asleep, or knocked out with drugs.  I fed her when she was too drugged up with morphine to feed herself.  I sat and talked to her, read to her, or just watched tv with her, and I looked after her while she slept.  Looking after her was pretty much the only thing that kept me going those weeks.  I admit, I also had a selfish reason for taking care of her.  I hoped she would love me for it.  I hoped that when she finally got over Tim, and felt ready for another relationship, she would perhaps come to me.  But instead, only a couple of weeks after getting out of the hospital, she started dating some new guy at work that she'd only known a couple of days.   I couldn't believe she started dating that soon afterwards.  And she wasn't a bad person or anything, who didn't care for her ex, or anything like that.  She's one of the nicest girls I've ever known.  Genie, and Gary, the guy she started dating, were together for some time, I think they even ended up getting married.  They had a kid, too.  But Gary treated her badly, and they got divorced, or broke up or whatever.  I don't really know what happened to her, as she quit Carl's Jr. sometime after the wreck.  I've only seen her a couple of times in the last couple of years.  When she started dating Gary instead of me, I was heartbroken, to say the least.  And came the closest I'd ever come to commiting suicide, something I thought about a lot that year.  I just realized something.  They just got done redoing the surface of the highway, and so I guess they finally paved over the accident site.  Until a couple of months ago, you could still see the burn mark where it melted the highway.  And to this day there are still flowers in the median at the accident site.  I don't know who puts them there.  Oh, and the van that hit them?  I don't think anyone in it died, but the were injured pretty badly, among them a little girl who they said would have to have years of surgery to get her face looking normal again.   Happy Thanksgiving.