Yes, I'm still alive, and, no, I'm not giving up on this blog.  Not yet.  I've just been really busy the last few days.  I've barely even been home the last three or four days.  My best friend, Chris, who's in the Navy, is home on leave for a month.  So we've been hanging out the last several days.  He bought this DVD set of Beavis and Butthead episodes, so we set around watching that and drinking one night.  Three hours of Beavis and Butthead.  It was great, I havent seen that show in years.  If they ever made a live action Beavis and Butthead movie, Chris could be Butthead.  Ever since that show came out people have been pointing out how much Chris looks, sounds, and acts, like Butthead.  Except he's not that stupid.  Then the next night we went to Huxtlers, a pool hall.  I don't really like pool, but that's all Chris wants to do most of the time.  We didn't really go to play pool though, we went because there had been an OU game that night, and there would probably be a lot of OU college girls out drinking.  The place was full of college students, but unfortunately, most of them were guys, and the few girls that were there were all with guys.  There was this one absolutely gorgeous girl there, but she was all over her boyfriend most of the time.  I really suck at pool.  Yesterday Chris' parents gave him an early Christmas present.  Metroid Prime, for the GameCube, so we sat around playing that for a few hours.  I want that game.  I'd played a demo of it before and had already decided I had to have it.  The problem is, I'll have to buy a gamecube first.  After we played that for a few hours we went and hung out at Carls Jr. for a while and talked to Daniel.  We also threw things at Shasta, and the new girl, Crystal, came out and talked to us some too.  Crystal is one of the most hyper people I've ever seen.  Alicia looked like she was upset or something, I hardly saw her the entire time I was there.  So, I've been busy actually almost having a life the last few days.  And I've also been busy falling in love with a girl who will remain nameless here.  For now, anyway.