I forgot to wash my hair today.  I took a shower, but I totally forgot to wash my hair, and didnt realize until I'd already gotten out of the shower and dried off and gotten dressed.  For some reason I do most of my best thinking in the shower, so I always take showers on "autopilot," I just totally zone out and bathe without even having to think about what I'm doing.  Today, though, I was deeper in thought than usual, and my routine got mixed up and I totally forgot to shampoo my hair.  Even at the end when I was rinsing my hair I was thinking, "wait, why are there no suds?"  I finally decided I must have been so deep in thought I had rinsed my hair already and not realized it.  But then after I got out of the shower I went to comb my hair and I was like "why does my hair feel like this, it feels weird.  It feels like it hasn't been washed."  Then I realized what must have happened.  So my hair sucks today, if I even go one day without washing it, it gets really oily.  Which is weird, because I have really dry skin, my nose is the only place I have oily skin.  But my hair is so oily right now it's water resistant and will be so water resistant tomorrow I will have to wash it twice.  Once to cut through the oil, and a second time to get it clean.  Don't think I have bad personal hygiene or something.  I have good hygiene, maybe not the best in the world, but better than a lot of people.  About half the guys I work with smell like they have never heard of deoderant.  Sometimes it's so bad you can barely be in the same area of the store as them.  I try to keep myself clean, in fact I'm slightly obsessive compulsive when it comes to washing my hands and face.  I'm not one of these people who scrub their hands raw every five minutes and freaks out about dirty hands.  But I do wash my hands whenever I get the chance, at home it's probably about once every half hour or so, it depends on what I'm doing.  I don't stop what I'm doing to go wash my hands, but if I'm up I'll probably wash my hands.  At work I was my hands probably about every 15 minutes or so, less often if I'm busy and don't have the time.  Washing your hands often is good when you work at a restaurant (is that right? I've never been able to spell that word for some reason).  And when I wash my hands I usually wipe my face with the towel or paper towels to keep it clean.  Ok, enough about my hygiene habits.    I'm still learning and relearning computer things.  You may, or may not, have noticed, I still don't have anything on my website, other than something like 105 links.   That's because I still don't know how I'm going to design the site, what kind of layout I want it to have, and because I've been doing other things.  Now I'm into the whole open source, free OS, stick it to Microsoft (M$) scene.  I'm learning Unix at the moment, and may try using Linux sooner or later, and I have stopped using Internet Explorer and have started using   Mozilla.   Mozilla rules!  It's much better than IE or Netscape.  On a related note, Bill Gates has announced that he's going to leave most of his money to charity, not to his wife or kids.  He says he will make sure they have enough money to be "comfortable," but it's not good for kids to grow up with billions of dollars.  But wait, does he know something we don't? ( I can just hear him saying "Duh, I know lots of things you don't.") The kids are already born, they will grow up living in a family that has billions of dollars, this doesn'y make sense.  Could Bill Gates be on the verge of death?  Is he hiding something from us?    We can all hope.  It has been reported that one of Bill Gates favorite things is to yell abuse at his employees, berating their ideas.  One of his favorite phrases is "that's the stupidest fucking idea I've ever heard!"  Or so I've been told.