Well, now I have finished "The Vampire Lestat," and have read about 50 pages of "The Queen of the Damned."  My life the last few days has centered around reading, and probably will for quite some time, possibly until I have read the whole series.  I will try to write something interesting on Thursday, since I am off work that day.  I was supposed to work from 4 to 9 today, but they called and said they needed me to come to work at 2 instead, because three people called in today.  Today and yesterday I've had it pretty easy because I am having to train someone, and that means all I have to do is stand around and tell him what to do.  I hate training people though.  This isn't so bad, though, because it's not a new guy, it's Jimmy.  He's worked there for a while now, but he was on backline, a cook, and now he's being trained to do frontline, cleaning the lobby and working the registers.  My eyes are killing me, from all the reading I guess.  But for some reason they don't start to bother me until I go to work.  I could hardly see to drive home, and I can barely type now.  Looking at the computer screen always makes them bad.  I put my glasses on, but they aren't helping much.  Maybe I shouldn't read so much tonight, maybe I should only read a couple of hundred pages.  I have an extremely fast reading rate.  I took a reading class in high school, I didn't need it, i took it because it would be an easy A.  The main thing we did in class was use these computer programs that displayed text at a variable rate of speed, and then answer questions on what we read.  The point was to increase our reading speed while still having a good comprehension.  Most of the people in the class had a top speed of 150 words per minute with a 75 to 80% comprehension rate.  Those were the good ones.  Some of the people couldn't even break 100 words per minute.  Some of the people that graduated high school with me could barely read at all.  Oklahoma has one of the lowest literacy rates in the country.  It might even be THE lowest.  I think so, they were talking about it on the news a few weeks ago.  At the beginning of the course I was reading 250 to 300 words per minute.  By the end of the course I was up to 450 WPM, with a 80 to 85% comprehension rate.  The comprehension tests weren't very fair, they usually only had 5 or 10 questions, so miss one question and you could get an 80 or 90%.  I've always been a fantastic reader.  According to the test the school gave me I was reading at a third-grade level when I entered kindergarten, and by third-grade I was reading college level books.  Reading and English were always my best areas on those state tests they'd give us, and on the ACT.  I never took the SAT, but on the ACT I made a 35 out of 36 on the reading section, and a 32 on the English section.  My overall score was 29.  It was my math score of 21 that brought it down so far.  I have to go now, my eyes are too bad.