Yay! It's snowing!  Well, not anymore, but it was.  It's been snowing all morning.  For awhile it was even snowing a lot.  But, unfortunately, none of it is sticking, it's all melting.  There's a small dusting on the fences and some other places, but not much.  Weird weather around here.  Monday it was 75 degrees, then yesterday it was 35.  I like 35 better.  75 is way too warm for me.  I can't beleive it's December and still in the 70s.  I'm listening to Tenacious D, it's been awhile since I listened to that cd.  They rule.  They needed to put more songs on the cd though, instead of so many skits.  Fuck Her Gently is one of the best songs ever created.  The video is cool too, I love Spumco animation, Ren and Stimpy was the best.  I heard TNN is gonna start showing all the Ren and Stimpy reruns, uncut!  They were edited and censored for Nickelodeon.  They are also gonna try to maybe get them to make some new Ren and Stimpy episodes too.  Dammit, why is it that Crystal only works nights on my days off?  I hardly ever get to see her anymore.  She even mentioned it the other day, she was like "I missed you, freckles.  Why don't we get to work together anymore?"  She calls me Freckles, I hate that name, but I've gotten used to it.  I don't mind when she calls me that, it's kinda cute.  But if anyone else calls me that I will have to kill them.  (That goes double for  you , Alicia.)  The other day she was dancing around the place singing "Freckles time, Freckles time!"  She kinda scares me.  She was asking why Chris was at Carl's every night.  And I told her it was because he's in the Navy and so he's gone a lot, and he's home on leave.  And she said, "Oh, so he wants to get in as much Freckles time as he can."  And that's when she started with the Freckles time song.  Fuck, I have to get ready for work, dammit.  I hate work!  At least I only work five hours tonight.  And with the bad weather, it will probably be slow, and I'll get off even earlier than that.  I work with Alicia tonight, hopefully she won't read this post before she comes to work, or I'll have to listen to her calling me Freckles all night, and then I'll have to kill her.  To which her response would be "You can't kill me, I'm immortal, I'm a vampire."  That reminds me, I need to bring her birthday present to her tonight.  Her birthday was several days ago, but I keep forgetting.