Yikes.  Tonight I am once again sore and bruised.  This time from teeth and not fists.  But once again, it was Crystal that did it.  I worked with her for two hours today, and she kept biting me.  They were really hard bites too!  The first time I was just standing there and she bit my thumb, really hard, left tooth marks and drool all over my thumb.  I complained about the drool and she said "but my drool's special drool."  And so I complained that she left bite marks and she said "my bite marks are special."  And I said, "you're special all right, did you ride the short bus to school?"  And she said "You're special, Special Ed."  Then she had some stupid game I've never heard of, some car drove through the parking lot and she said something about it had two different headlight, and she hit the table in some weird pattern of knocks, and was like "you guys (it was me and Daniel) better hurry, the last one has to make a sex noise."  So apparently Daniel knew what the hell she was talking about and hit the table too, and so she was like "Now you have to make a sex noise, Kevin."  And I said that no way would I make a sex noise, and she just kept bugging me, trying to get me to make a sex noise.  Finally she bit down on my upper right arm, and hung from my arm by her teeth.  She broke the skin through my shirt.   I've still got a bruise and teeth marks on my arm.  Then later she bit my left forearm and tried to drag me across the room by my arm with her teeth.  I've got a large knot on my arm from it.  Later, when I pointed out the large knot she kissed her hand and then pressed it to the knot, and asked if that made it better. The coolest part of the day, though, was when she told me, "you're my favorite friend, after Alicia.  You're my favorite guy friend."  Fuck, it's freezing in here!  I can barely type I'm shaking so much.  That's why I'm being really loose with my spelling and grammer tonight, I'm trying to get this post done and get in bed.  It's 3:00 a.m.  Later that night, Crystal had a wreck!  She rolled her car four times!  Completely totaled it, she said.  That sucks, she had a really nice car too, it looked expensive.  Around 9:00 or so she came in to Carl's Jr. and told us she had had a wreck, she looked pretty bad, her arm was all scraped up and red.  She said she was in pain, and couldn't feel her arm hardly.  The EMS people had wanted to take her to the hospital, but she said no, she would have her mom take her later.  They said they thought her arm was fractured in a few places, and she hit her head on the windsheild during the wreck.  But, instead of going to the hospital, she came to Carl's TO BUY SOME FOOD!  I was like "Are you crazy? Go to the hospital, especially if you hit your head."  And she was like, "I will, but first I have to get this food."  I hope she's ok.  Hmmm, this entire post was about Crystal.  Ok, today I also went over to Chris' house after work, and we drank a little rum and coke and watched Clerks (which I had still never seen) and a Anime movie called Metropolis.  Metropolis was cool, but I thought Clerks sucked.  The only Kevin Smith movies I had seen were Dogma and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back.  I loved both of those, but I thought Clerks sucked.  So, if you haven't figured it out yet...Yes, Crystal  is  the girl I like.  I like her a lot.  She's one of the most incredible looking girls I've ever met.  She's beautiful, and sexy.  She's cool, and seems like she'd be a lot of fun to hang out with.  I really enjoy working with her.  It really sucks that we didnt get to work together this week, except for two hours today.  And it's gonna be that way next week too.  She is a little on the too hyper side, but that's cool.  She is (or was, I'm not sure) a cheerleader, but I can forgive her for that.  Cheerleaders are evil, usually.  She's supposed to work tomorrow night, but I don't know if she will, because of the wreck.  She'll probably be in pain tomorrow.  If she is at work I will have to stop by to see how she is.  Ok, I'm going to bed now.