Hey, cool.  I may be finally moving out of my parents place soon, and moving in with Daniel, Olivia and Alicia.  Daniel and his wife Olivia are moving again, and Alicia has been living with them anyway, and so she's moving with them and will still be living with them.  The new house they are moving into sounds really nice.  Its got four bedrooms, one of which they are going to make a den/entertainment room, and is out in the country, and is in good shape and really nice looking, from what I hear.  Anyway, Daniel and Alicia were talking about it at work earlier, and they were saying that maybe their friend Melissa (I think, I suddenly blanked on her name, they usually just call her "Moisty."  Don't ask, because I don't know.) would move in with them.  Then Daniel said that if she didn't maybe I could.  And I was like, yeah, maybe.  Then I came back home, I'm off today, I was just hanging out at Carls Jr. because I was bored.  About an hour ago Daniel called me from work and told me "Me and Olivia were just talking about it, and she said that you moving in would be fine, and we'd really rather have you move in than Melissa.  So if you want to you can."  Stuff like that.  So I was like, "yeah cool, I'll have to think about it, it's a big step, but there's a good chance I will."  There's plenty of time for me to think about it, they aren't moving until the first of March.  I'm actually excited about it.  It would be cool to move in with them.  And it will be really nice to finally get out of my parent's house.  I would really like to live alone, but this will be better FOR me.  This way I will be forced to be around people, and have some social interaction.  And these people are my only friends around here, so that's cool too.  I wonder how many bathrooms the house has?  I don't think they mentioned that.  With four bedrooms it should have two.  I hope so, only having one bathroom would be annoying.  I spent lots of money today.  I went on a Japanese shopping spree.  I went to the comic store and bought lots of stuff.  I bought a magazine called "Anime Invasion," it's an anime news magazine.  I also bought a comic book, well, more accurately, a graphic novel, it's got something like 150 pages.  It's volume one of "Love Hina."  It's pretty weird.  As the back of the book says, "When Keitaro Urashima fails his entrance exam to get into Tokyo University for the second time, he's officially and unemployed and uneducated slacker.  To make things worse, his parents have kicked him out of his house.  Fortunately his grandmother owns the fabulous Hinta House, and Keitaro is going to be the new caretaker.  What he doesn't know is the lodge is actually a girl's dorm and he's the only guy around!  Most guys would kill to live with five cute girls, but if Keitaro's not careful, this job will kill him."  So, yeah, it sounds like a porno, but it's not  that  bad.  There's no sex scenes, but there are lots of gratuitous scenes of cute  manga  girls in various states of undress.  Because of "wacky hijinks" Keitaro somehow finds himself in a precarious situation that makes it look like he's watching the girls bathe on purpose or something.  For example, in one part he's walking through his room in a towel, because he just took a bath or something  (I haven't actually read it yet, just skimmed it) and he somehow falls off the balcony and ends up hanging on for his life, naked, in a tree, over the girl's outside bathing pool (like the one on "Tenchi Muyo") while they are all in it bathing.  So then they discover him and call him a pervert and kick his ass.  Something like this happens every five minutes.  I also bought some "Pocky."  This is a snack product that is very popular in Japan.  I ordered some of this from the   J-List  website, but it hasn't come in yet.  So when I saw it at the comic store, I had to try it.  It's pretty good.  It's weird, it's like a little crunchy breadstick dipped in chocolate.  Then I went to Hastings.  They're about the only store around here that actually sells Anime.  There's one other I know of but they're really expensive.  It can be hard to find Anime and Manga and stuff like that in Oklahoma.  There I bought a DVD of the movie "Akira," and a DVD that has the first four episodes of Yu Yu Hakusho.  I like that show, they show it on Cartoon Network now.  Add to all this the fact that I've been reading more   MegaTokyo  comics all day, and I've spent the entire day immersed in Japanese stuff.  Good, I like Japanese stuff.  I dream of one day going to Tokyo.  First I'd have to learn Japanese, though.  I took a Japanese class in college, and I've done some studying of it on my own, but I never learned to read any of the writing, and I've forgotten almost all of the verbal language I once knew.  I can still count to 19, but that's about all I remember.  Ok, I'm gonna go watch "Akira" now.