I've spent most of the day, and about $60 dollars, working on my car today.  I gave my car the best cleaning I've ever given any of my cars.  I normally don't take very good care of my cars, especially since I know nothing about cars.  I can put gas in, check the oil, add oil if it needs it, and drive the car, that's about it.  I'm not obsessed with cars like most guys, especially the guys around here.  I can't even tell cars apart.  If you tell me you own a (model of car), I'll just look at you with a dumb look on my face.  I couldn't tell a Porsche from a Pinto.  Actually, I could, Pintos are one of the few cars I can recognize, Pintos, Rabbits, AMC Hornets, various types of Volkswagons, I can recognize all of them usually.  I like to drive big square luxury cars from the 80's.  My first car was my mom's old '82 Crown Victoria, it was white with an ugly red top.  My second car looked almost identical, except it was a different color, and in better shape.  It was an '84 (I think) Mercury Grand Marquis, which are identical to Crown Victorias.  It was cool, it looked like the car from the first Men In Black movie, except it was grey.  I actually have a very nice car now.  It's a silver '98 Buick LeSabre Limited with every feature you can think of, it's even got heated mirrors and passenger climate control.  It's in really good shape too, and only has 35,000 miles on it.  I got it from some old couple who hardly ever drove it.  It still smelled new when I bought it.  New it was worth over $20,000, I got it for $9,800.  Actually, I didn't have to pay a cent, my parent's are paying for it.  And no, I'm not some spoiled little rich kid.  My parents wanted me to have a nice car, and they got a lot of money when my grandpa died last year, so they got me a car.  My family certainly isn't wealthy.  We do ok, but only my dad works, and if he made something like $1000 dollars less a year, we'd qualify for welfare.  Anyway, today I went to Wal-Mart, and then Autozone, and bought a bunch of stuff for my car, cleaners mainly.  Then I went to the car wash, gave the car a very thorough vacuuming and dusted it with a duster/vent cleaner I bought.  Then I sprayed the car with some Auto Febreze (why does that look like it's spelled wrong? That's how it's spelled on the bottle here.) and some new car smell scented air freshener.  Then I sprayed some tire cleaner on the tires and let it set for a few minutes, and then I washed the car very thoroughly, with the manual car wash, not an automatic drive-thru car wash.  I spent $7 just washing it, I washed it for so long.   Then I drove it for a while to dry it off.  Then I cleaned all the windows, inside and out, with some Window cleaning wet wipe things.  Which also came with a free sample Armor All dash cleaner wipe, so I cleaned the dash with that, and now it's all shiny.  I even opened the hood and got all the dead leaves off the vents and from under the windshield wipers and stuff.  I also bought some decals.  It's a red Chinese dragon with a Chinese writing symbol over it's head.  I put them on the back section of the rear side windows, (the little triangular part that doesn't roll down) one on each side.  I also put some fuel injector and carbuerator cleaner in the gas tank.  (I have no idea what a carbuerator even is)  Yeah, ok, so now my car is even more of a "pimp car," as some of my friends have called it.  I hate that word.  I hate it when people refer to things as pimp, or pimpin' or call themselves pimps.  Speaking of pimps, here's a link someone just gave me:   E-Bay Item   Personally, I think it's stupid, and offensive, but I'm sure a lot of you guys will like it.