I haven't felt much like writing on this thing the last few days.  There's not much to tell anway.  Just the same crap as usual.  I get up, watch tv, or get online for a couple of hours, and then go to work.  Then when I come home I watch tv or get online for a few hours, maybe exercise a little, and then about 2 a.m. I go to bed.  Then the next day I do it all over again.  Pretty boring.  I haven't even seen any good websites in several days.  I mainly sit here and look at the same few sites over and over.  Mainly just a few blogs, waiting to see if the people put any new posts up.  I've been pretty bored for the last few days.  There hasn't even been anything good on tv for a couple of days now.  And in spite of having 451 MP3s on my computer, I can't find anything I want to listen to.  I watched "Fists of Fury," a Bruce Lee movie last night, but it sucked so much I didn't even finish watching it.  I have to go to work today.  I have to be there at 4:00, which is weird, I've never went in at 4:00 on a Sunday, I always go in at 2:00.  On Sundays we close early, at 10:00, that's only 5 and a 1/2 hours taking off half an hour for my break.  That's barely going to give me enough time to get my work done, especially if we're busy.  It's usually pretty slow on Sundays, though.  I haven't even worked with any of my friends at work the last few nights.  It's been Curtis as the manager, and a new person, Mariah.  I had to train Mariah on drive-through the other night.  I hate training people.  She's not a very good worker either, all she does is stand around all night, talking to Curtis and Jimmy, because she knows them.  They all live together, or something.  Neither Daniel or Alicia have worked in a few days.  I think Daniel worked a couple of days ago, but he worked in the morning.  Alicia keeps getting the weekends off for some reason.  I think she works today, but in the morning.  She'll be gone by the time I get there, or just leaving.  Daniel does work tonight, though.  Dammit!  There's still nothing on!  Comedy Central has been showing stupid movies I've never even heard of all morning.  "She's Having a Baby" just went off, and now "The Out of Towners," or something like that, is coming on.  I've never even heard of either of them.  I watched a few minutes of "She's Having a Baby," and it sucked.  Oh well, if they weren't showing stupid movies, they'd just be showing Saturday Night Live all day, like they usually do.  There's never anything good on Comedy Central until like 9:00 or 10:00 at night.  Cartoon Network has been showing Scooby Doo all morning.  I hate Scooby Doo!  First, one of those stupid Scooby Doo features they've made in the last few years, "Scooby Doo and the Alien Invaders," I think it was, was on, and then after that just an old episode of Scooby Doo came on, and now another one is coming on!  I HATE SCOOBY DOO!  And, to top everything off, in spite of dieting and exercising for the last couple of weeks, I'm not losing any weight!  The last few years I haven't been able to lose weight very easily.  Used to, when I went on a diet, I'd lose 4 or 5 pounds a week, usually.  Now anymore, I usually lose about 20 pounds fairly quickly, but then I can't lose anymore, no matter how long I diet.  This time I'm not losing any weight at all.  In fact, I think I'm gaining weight now!  I haven't weighed in a few days, but I feel like I'm getting fatter.  And then, in about a week, those weird Japanese candies I ordered will come in, and I'll eat them all.  Actually, I'll probably share them with my sister.  I also ordered a Hamtaro notebook for her from the website.  Wow, this post turned out pretty long.  Though all it is is a bunch of bitching and whining.  When i sat down to write it, I couldn't think of anything to write about.  All I planned on writing was "I just haven't felt much like writing the last few days."  And that was about all I intended to write.  Instead, it turned into my longest post in several days.  I signed up for a "religious joke of the day" email thing, and just received today's.  It's pretty good:    One Sunday morning, the pastor noticed little Johnny standing in the foyer of the church, looking at a large plaque that hung there. After the young man of seven had stood there for some time, the pastor walked up beside him and said quietly,  "Good morning, son."  "Good morning, Pastor," replied the youngster, not taking his eyes off the plaque. "Can I ask you, Sir, what is this for? Why are all these names listed on here?"  "Well, son, these are all the people who have died in the service," replied the pastor. Soberly, they stood together, staring up at the large plaque.  Little Johnny's voice barely broke the silence when he asked quietly, "Which one, Sir, the 8:30 or the 10:30?"   That's about how I feel about church services.  Ok, I'm gonna go exercise or something now.  I wish it wasn't so cold, I usually like to go for walks when I'm on a diet, but it's been too cold the last week.  The last few days the high has been in the 20's  sometimes up to low 30's.  Yesterday was the warmest day we've had in several days, it got up to something like 48 degrees.  Ok, that's it, I'm leaving now.