Today was a pretty boring day.  I was off today.  I got up a little earlier than usual.  I've been trying to get up earlier because I've been sleeping too much lately.  So far I haven't had much success, but today I managed to get up at 10:00.  I just sat around watching tv for a few hours.  Then I cleaned the hamster cage and packed it away.  Then I got some Chinese food and ate way too much.  I'm trying to lose weight, but today I ate so much I felt stuffed for like three hours.  I always do that when I eat Chinese food.  I hadn't weighed in a long time, but I normally weigh about 275, today I weighed and I only weighed 268.  Then I went to the bookstore and bought a couple of books.  Then, since I overate, I went to the lake and went for a walk.  Not much of one, because it was almost dark, and there are no street lights on the lake road, so it's pitch black around most of it.  Usually when I take a walk I walk between three to five miles.  There's been times I've been on a diet or something and walked that much almost every night.  I can walk forever, walking doesn't bother me, or hurt my feet much.  Standing still is what hurts my feet.  I can't stand in one spot for more than five or ten minutes before my feet start to really hurt, but I can walk forever.   Anyway, tonight I only got to walk for maybe ten minutes.  I walked probably about half a mile.  I really need to get in shape, I'm in about the worst shape I've ever been in.  I've always been in fairly good shape for someone who's fat.  When I was 14 I could do 100 sit-ups easy.  Now I can only do about 20-25 situps and 6 pushups.  Not that I ever do anything like that very often.  About once every six months, that's why I'm in such bad shape now.  If I can manage to lose about 50 pounds and get in a little better shape I think I'm finally going to take some Karate classes like I've wanted to for so many years.  Yikes!  Hey, my chair is working again!  I got a nice new desk chair for Christmas, I forgot to mention that before.  It's a really nice one, it rolls and leans back, and all those good things.  A week ago, however, it suddenly stopped reclining.  I was just sitting in it, leaning back, then I sat up, and, a few minutes later, I went to lean back again and it wouldn't anymore.  But just now I was sitting in it, and I was sitting back in it when suddenly, POP!  Something made a loud pop noise and the chair reclined very quickly and I almost fell over backwards.  Oh, wow!  I just got an email from "KrazedLatinThug," promising, and I quote exactly, "25 % Annual Returns on yor money.  Yeah, I've always wanted to take financial advice from someone named KrazedLatinThug.  Kind of like the other night when I got an email for a porn site from "JuicyBobGurl."  I don't think I even want to know what that means.  Well, I'm going to go read now.  I'm in the middle of three different books.  I do that a lot.  I'll buy one book, and then stat reading another book before I'm done with the first one.  Sometimes I never do finish the first one.  Usually it's something in the first book that makes me want to read the new one.  I'll be reading the book and I'll get really interested in the subject, and go and buy some more books about the subject.  Ok, bye bitches.  Go away.