As you may, or may not have noticed, I didn't make a post yesterday.  Like you even care, I hate you.  Don't start with me.  Anyway, I was too tired last night to make a post.  It was a long, busy night at work last night because it was our town's homecoming.  God, I hate football.  I hate it, hate it, hate it.  Hmmm, I just heard a nice tidbit of wisdom on the "Justice League" cartoon.  "Don't heckle the supervillian,"  I just saw the weirdest cartoon on Fox.  It was yet another Japanese, Pokemon-like cartoon.  It was called "Fighting Foodons."  It was the Chefs vs.  the Evil Gluttons or something like that.  And they summoned these food-related creatures to fight.  One was called Sir Fried Rice-er, and had a plate of fried rice for a head, and his opponent was Sir Dumpling, who had a dumpling for a head.  And to power them up they used magic toppings.  This one guy was like "Nothing like some Wasabi to heat things up."  And the wasabi made Sir Dumpling extremely powerful.  And  even the people had food names.  One kid was named Pie Tin.  It was a very weird cartoon, but it was cool, I'm going to have to watch it again next Saturday.  Ok, last time I was planning on telling about my weird sister.  I'm pretty weird, but my sister freaks even me out sometimes.  She learned most of it from me, but soon surpassed me in weirdness.  The other day she was telling me and my mom about how she was talking to herself at school the other day, and people were like, "Who are you talking to?"  And she said, "Oh, just Satan, and the other voices in my head."  And when someone says her name, she'll say "Yes, Satan?"  She learned that from me, I learned it from Ace Ventura.  She's also been heavily influenced by the cartoon "Cow and Chicken," which used to be our favorite show.  One time, when she was about 8 or 9, she was playing with one of her dolls, pretending it was her little girl.  She was dressing it, and combing its hair and stuff like that, and pretending she was getting it ready for picture day at school.  But the doll didn't want to get her picture taken, and kept complaining.  Finally my sister threw the doll across the room and yelled, "Get over there and have your picture taken like a MAN!"  It was great, we still laugh about that.  Ummm, yeah.  I have to go to work later.  Poo.  I hate my job.  My job sucks.  Actually, I wouldn't mind it that much, if it piad better.  I've been working there for 6 and a half years, and I only get paid $6.15 an hour.  And now that they've cut hours, I'm going to get even less.  I only work like 25 hours this week.  I finished "Interview with the Vampire," and now I'm working on "The Vampire Lestat."  What's with all the vampires?  I'm reading the Vampire books, and then last night at work Curtis, one of the managers, and some of his friends that were up there talking to him, were reading the "Vampire: The Masquerade" handbook, and talking about playing.  It seems like there was some other vampire related incident yesterday, but I don't remember it now.  I was wondering yesterday, can vampires use artificial tanning methods to make their skin look more normal, not so pale?  Not just sun lamps, but also those lotions that are supposed to make your skin tan, but half the time turn you orange.  I'll have to put something about that in my next Walter story.  I wrote a vampire story once, about Walter, the world's most non-stereotypical vampire.  Rather than being a handsome young man, as most of these vampires seem to be, he's stuck for eternity in the body of a fat, balding, forty year old man, and all the insecurities that go with it.  He lives in the suburbs, has a job working the graveyard shift at Wal-Mart, and drives one of those station wagons with the wood paneled sides.  He has a job because he has to pay child support.  He realizes that he could skip out on the payments now, but he loves his children and will help support them, "Until the day they are both dead, and I am still middle-aged."  He wears t-shirts and sweat pants.  And his name is Walter, certainly not a vampire name.  I had planned on making this a series of stories, but so far I've only written one, and that was some time ago.  It is like 12 pages though, the longest thing I've ever written.  Anyway, I think that's about it for now.  I'll probably write more later.  Here's the mandatory   Alicia  link.  SubSpecies23