Oh man!  I'm in an amazing mood right now!  Partly because today's been a pretty good day.  I got up and went to the mall and went shopping for a while, and got a new shirt at HotTopic.  It's white and has an old original Nintendo Entertainment System controller on the front and says, "Know your  Roots."  I do have one complaint though, who the hell sizes HotTopic's clothes?  I can go to any other store and get a X-Large t-shirt and it fits just fine.  I used to get X-Large from HotTopic too, but suddenly their X-Large was so small on me I can't even get them on, and I haven't gained weight.  Not more than 5 pounds, anyway.  I had wanted this shirt for a long time, but HotTopic never has anything bigger than X-large, in fact, sometimes it's hard to find even that.  Well, today they had XX-Large in several of their shirts, including this one, so I bought it.  I didn't try it on, I figured it should fit fine.  But for some reason, this XX-Large is too small!  I can barely wear it.  As long as it doesn't shrink any I think I can wear it, if I stretch it out a little when I put it on.  It's weird though, I can go anywhere else and buy a X-Large and it fits!  The main reason I'm in such a great mood is the cd I ordered from amazon.com finally came in.  "Hit & Run Holiday" by My Life With the Thrill Kill Kult!  This is the greatest album ever!  I've been wanting this album for years, but none of the stores carry anything by that band around here.  I've never even heard of them except I heard a few songs by them on an "underground" radio show once.  That's the only time I've ever heard of them.  I've been looking for this cd ever since, and finally found it on amazon.com.  This album is amazing!  Here's a typical customer review of it from Amazon.com:   Five Stars!  Left-field Magnum Opus - Mad Life On The Road w/ TKK!!!, September 28, 2001 Reviewer: Baron Dakota from NEW YORK United States. This CD marks the moment when Thrill Kill Kult outgrew the more stoic portion of their fanbase. After the satirical, sample-slam, Goth/Industrial devilry of their first 3 albums, and then the satirical, sampladelic, creepy-cheesey celebration of SEX and Disco on "Sexplosion!", AND then the perfect consolidation of both on "13 Above The Night", TKK opted for something new. And old, per se.  This record is a satirical (surprise!), sampladelic, b!tches brew of clashing sub-genres that obliterated expectations in 1995. Greasy biker-trash imagery reverberates hard across a musical landscape of demented, 60's surf-rock cliches, spaghetti western motifs, strip club glitz, the REAL soundtrack to "Fear And Loathing In Las Vegas". Being on tour in a bus of madness for years, really coaxed the definitive Road Epic out of Thrill Kill Kult. A fantasy of desperate decadence.  Because this started out as a vehicle for the chicks in the band (Bomb Gang Girls), CinderellaPussy, and Jackie Blacque garner alot of the vocal spotlights on this disc. Having seen them live numerous times, these bunnies really kick, and their off-kilter howlings about their nutcase adventures are hilarious AND earnest.  "Glamour Is A Rocky Road", "The Golden Strip", and "Babylon Drifter" are the anchors that frame this disc, and rank as 3 of TKK's best songs ever. A bonfire of humor, disturbing notions, and wild abandon.  "Hit And Run Holiday" is absolutely cinematic, and will stand as one of My Life With The Thrill Kill Kult's most fully-realized, and outrageous artistic achievements.  Get it while you can.  B. Dakota   Boom!  This cd is so cool my head explodes!  The only thing that could make this day any better is if I got laid.  But we all know  that's  not going to happen.