So, I bought a new DVD the other night.  I never rent, and hardly ever go to the movies  If there's a movie I want to see, I either wait for it to come out on HBO or buy it when it comes out on DVD.  So I buy movies all the time without ever having seen them before.  Anyway, the other night I bought "Iron Monkey," it was great.  It was a lot like "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon."  It had the same style, unrealistic, but cool, wire fighting.  In some ways it was better than Crouching Tiger, but in most ways it wasn't as good.  It had a lot more action than Crouching Tiger, more, and flashier, fight scenes, and less long story, and less depression.  But I like the story of Crouching Tiger, I liked the long story and tragic ending.  Crouching Tiger is one of my favorite movies.  Speaking of movies, seen any good porn lately?  I read a story the other day about some place did a study over the affects of porn on women.  To see how porn affected women differently than men.  It said they found that, with men, arousal is "target specific," meaning that straight men are aroused by women, and gay men are aroused by men.  But with women, arousal is much less "target specific," most women were aroused by anything.  Even if they considered themselves heterosexual, most women were aroused by images of man on woman, woman on woman, and man on man.  The story is   here.   I wish someone would pay me to sit around watching porn.  So, is there anyone else out there who thinks that Mr. T is the embodiment of God on earth?  Or if not God, pretty damn close.  Well, I was right, work was really slow again tonight, except we got a bus at about 6:00.  From some town none of us have ever heard of; Tushka, or something like that.  Tushka, sounds Russian or something.  But other than the bus, it was really slow, and I got sent home at 9:00 again.  Tomorrow I have to work from 2:00 to 10:00.  I hate working Sundays, they're usually slow, but, whether it's slow or not, the night always drags by and feels like it's never going to end.  And there's pretty much no chance of me getting off early tomorrow, unless it's so slow he decides to send both of the front line people home early, but that's very doubtful.  To make it worse, I have to work with Crystal tomorrow, and we still hate each other now.  She still wants to kill me.  Oh well, whatever.  I don't like her much either, not anymore.  Tomorrow promises to be a very long, boring, annoying day.