Dammit, I keep trying to find a new template, a new layout for my blog, but Blogger's selection sucks.  The only ones that have layouts that I like, have color schemes I don't like.  They're all colorful and pastel and cheerful looking.  Well, some of them aren't quite that cheerful, but none of them is quite evil enough.  The one I like best is yellow.  But I don't want a yellow blog.  Yellow does not say "Evil Genius' Underground Lair."  Yellow says "Sunshine."  Black, that's what I want.  Or at least shades of gray or dark blue.  Not yellow, or light blue, or a happy shade of green.  Bah.  This one I'm using is the most evil looking one.  There are a couple that are suitable as far as color scheme goes, but their layouts suck.  They would require major html tweaking to be suitable for my needs.  For example, they don't have a place to stick links, or a place I can use to put various little icons and test results and counters and stuff like that.  So, for now at least, I'll stick with this one.  Meanwhile, at the palace of Big Fat Ass the Hutt...  	"Droid! Where is my tall refreshing glass of hot frothy lard!?" asks Big Fat Ass the Hutt.  	"It's on its way, Mr. Big Fat Ass, sir!" calls CT-14 from the adjoining room.  "Here it is, Master," he says as he walks in with a tray on which there is a tall frothy steaming glass of hot lard.  Big Fat Ass the Hutt grabs the glass and drinks it quickly, most of it running down his front.  	"Mmmm, fresh squeezed," He says, and makes a disgusting squelching noise.  Back at Kevin's blog...  Tonight at work was really boring.  It was very slow.  We only made like $17.99 the entire hour from 8:00 to 9:00.  We figure it's been slow the last couple of night because there is a basketball tournament this weekend, but it's in another town, a pretty good distance from us.  If that is why we're slow, maybe we'll be slow tomorrow night too.  It was so slow, I was sent home at 9:00, I was supposed to work until 11:30.  Well, I better go to bed, it's 1:30 a.m.