Damn, my feet stink, what's up with that?  My feet hardly ever stink.  But for some reason they've been smelling the last few days.  Speaking of feet, today at work, not too long after I got there, I got some ranch sauce on top of my shoe.  It was really gross looking.  It looked like a bird had shit on my shoe.  Or I had gotten really excited and came on my foot, especially after it dried out.  It's still on there, it's really gross looking.  And smelling.  Hmmmm.    Alicia  has a "tag-board" message thing on her website.  Maybe I'll put one of those on my blog.  I'm always copying her.  She had a blog first, and I saw it and I was like "whoa, that's cool, I gotta get me one of those."  Then she became obsessed with Rocky Horror Picture Show, and now I am too.  We also both like to eat honey-mustard sauce with french fries, but I didn't know I was copying her.  I just started eating them like that, and she was like, hey I like that too.  Brrrr. I'm cold.  I'm hardly ever cold at home.  It's usually hot to me.  I like the cold.  It's like 29 degrees outside right now, though.  I'm bored.  There's nothing decent on tv to watch, and I cant find any (non-pornographic) websites that catch my interest.  Oh wait, I know.  I never wrote about what I got for Christmas.  My birthday was just a few days before Christmas.  December 19th.  I got a nice leather jacket.  Too bad I hate leather jackets.  It's not too bad though, once the leather smell stops being so strong it will be ok.  For Christmas I got Grand Theft Auto: Vice City, Metroid Prime, a really nice new printer, and some socks and underwear.  That's the first time in my life my parents have gotten me socks or underwear as a present.  The printer is really nice, it's an HP psc 2210 all-in-one.  It's a printer, scanner, copier, fax machine all in one.  It took me like two weeks to get it to work on my computer.  For some reason HP printers have trouble with Mac OSX version 10.2.2 and so I had to spend several days downloading a bunch of patches and crap.  We thought we were going to have to take it back, but I finally got it working.  Hey, I know.  I'm gonna go play The Sims, I haven't played that in a long time.