Holy Crap.  There's a new Scooby Doo series on the WB.  I must find out who is behind this and kill him/her/it/them.  But I won't just kill them, no.  First I will make their life a living hell, and then I will destroy all that they hold sacred and dear.  They will suffer greatly for their crimes against humanity.  Come on people, it's time to let Scooby die.  But no, instead of relegating him to the dustbins of history, people have to keep bringing him back with countless reruns and new forms, and new merchandise and movies.  I hate Scooby Doo.  I HATE Scooby Doo.  Speaking of people who need to die, tonight was a very annoying night at work.  We had lots of stupid, rude customers.  Even more than usual.  One old lady who looked like she was probably 90 decided to be a bitch because she didn't want to pay 27 cents for a water.  Then there was some cross-eyed fat lady who smelled so bad I could hardly take her order.  She had a filthy boy-child with her, who looked like he'd been rolling in soggy Oreo cookies.  His legs were covered in sores of some sort, it looked like they might have been burns.  Over all he was a very diseased looking child.  He still smelled better than she did though.    Alicia  didn't work tonight, but she came up there for a few minutes.  She was upset about having to work on Homecoming, she wanted to go very much.  If I had been off that night I would have worked for her, but I have to work that night too.  It bothers me to see her upset like that.  She's my friend and I care about her very much.  I wish there was something I could do to help.  I got off work really early tonight, at about 7:25.  I only worked about 3 hours, taking off the half-hour for my break.  They are cutting everyone's hours because profits have been bad or something.  So now I'm going to be making even less money.  I've been working there almost 7 years, and I only make $6.15 an hour.  Pitiful.  I still have it a lot better than most of the other people that work there.  I still live with my parents, because I can't afford to move out, but most of the people I work with have their own place, and are having a really hard time paying bills.  See that little rating thing there at the bottom of the page people?  It's not just there for decoration.  Rate me!  Uhh, but only if it's a good rating.  And then, when you're done rating my site, go to   Alicia's site  and read it, and then give her some good ratings too!  And then, send me money!  Lots of it!  Ummm, email me, and I'll tell you how to send it to me.  And then, uhhh, send me more money!  Money, and valuables, and jewelry, and expensive electronics equipment, and your children!  Send me your children!  No wait, keep the kids, I hate kids.  Unless...maybe I could make an army of sugar-crazed Harry Potter fanatics, and finally take over the world!  I better write that one down for future research.  Well, I guess that's about it, idiots.  I guess I'll go read some more.  I'm already over half done with "Interview with the Vampire."  I should finish it tomorrow.  SubSpecies23