Oh yeah, some New Years details I forgot to mention.  I was so drunk, that I, of course, did not drive home, so I slept on the loveseat.  Alicia gave me one of her pillows to use.  Then she accused me of sniffing it.  I was just sitting over there and she was like "You're sniffing my pillow!"  Then the next day she said that I had sex with her pillow.  I protested and she said "Then what was that all over it?"  and I said "I don't know, probably drool."  It was fun.  I hate sleeping at other people's houses though, because I never do much sleeping.  I went to sleep about 3 a.m. or so, and got up sometime during the night and had to spend about 30 minutes in the bathroom.  I threw up a little, and then just kinda hung out in the bathroom until I felt better.  I like bathrooms, bathrooms are cool places.  One time when I was a kid I was really sick, and I was in  the bathroom sitting in front of the toilet throwing up and stuff, and then I felt so bad I just kinda laid down in the floor in front of the toilet and fell asleep for an hour or two.  Then I woke up, saw it was 7:00 and I thought I had slept there the whole night and that it was 7:00 a.m., and started getting ready for school.  I was so sick, and tired from throwing up so much, I was kinda out of it.  Anyway, ummmm, where was I?  Oh yeah, then after I hung out in their bathroom for a while, I went back to the loveseat to go to sleep, but I got kinda lost on the way.  Usually I can see in the dark really well, but the alcohol must've done something to my night vision or something, because I couldn't see a fucking thing. I missed the door to the living room, and ended up in the kitchen, and I ran into something, and I was all feeling of it, and I was like, "What the fuck is this?"  Cause I was still kinda drunk and not thinking straight,  I finally figured out that it was the stove or something, because I saw across the room a digital display like on a microwave or something, and I figured out I was in the kitchen, and that meant the door to the living room was a foot or so behind me.  So I finally made it back to the loveseat, and went back to sleep.  But it wasnt a very good sleep, I never can sleep over at other people's houses.  So I woke up at like 6:00 a.m. and from then on I was just waking up like every 10 minutes, until Daniel and Olivia  woke up at like 10:45 and I was able to leave.  Then I went home and slept like a baby until 1:30 when I had to get ready for work.  Surprisingly, other than a slightly sick stomach when I first got up at 10:45, I had no hangover or anything.  In fact, I felt really good the whole  day.  Ummmmmmm, ok.  I guess that's about it.  That's really a lot more than I was planning on writing when I sat down here.  I was just gonna write a couple of sentences about how I slept on the loveseat and drooled on Alicia's pillow.  Oh, and by the way, if you haven't figured it out yet, Alicia is now living with Daniel and Olivia.  She moved in with them a few days ago.  Oh, also:  Alicia, I  did  sniff your pillow.  But then again, I sniff everything, you know that.  It smelled like a combination of you, and old musty house.  Like the rest of Daniel's house.  I did sniff it, but I wasn't at the time you accused me of sniffing it.  I sniffed it later.