Ok, I just finished making a database of all my video games, and a database of my movies.  Here's the stats:  I have 94 video games: 2 GameCube games, 5 XBox games, 8 Playstation 2 games, 14 Playstation games, 13 Nintendo 64 games, 17 Super Nintendo games, and 35 Nintendo (NES) games. That's not counting my GameBoy and GameBoy Color games, though, because I don't even know where they are exactly, they've been packed up somewhere for about a year.  I've got about 10 of them, I think.  I also discovered I am missing some games.  I can't find my Super Mario World for the Super Nintendo, or Super Mario Brothers/Duckhunt cartridge for the NES.  There's about 20 more video games around the house, but they're actually my sisters, even though now that I'm moving out, she has no systems to play most of them on.  She's got a GameCube, and a Playstation 2, but she also owns games for the Playstation, (which she can play on the PS2, since it's backwards compatible) and for the N64.  Ok, now for the movies. I have 123 movies, 47 are DVDs, 76 are VHS, but... but, some of them are the same title repeated, some movies I own on VHS, but then I went out and bought the DVD version later.  Such as Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and Monty Python's Life of Brian, I own them on both formats.  Also, the 47 DVDs refers to 47 titles, there are actually more DVDs than that, because, for example, one of the titles, The Complete Monty Python's Flying Circus, is a collection that is actually made up of 14 DVDs.  Here's some more movie stats that will show you many things about me, for example, how geeky I am.   8 of these titles are non-fiction: A&E Biographies and documentaries and such, 5 are about the Kennedy Assassination, this includes the Oliver Stone's movie, JFK, 2 are about Area 51, and were actually bought from The Little A'le'Inn, in Rachel, Nevada, 10 are Anime, 5 are "Kung Fu" movies, such as Jackie Chan, Bruce Lee, and Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, 6, if you count The Matrix, 9 are Monty Python, this includes the film Jabberwocky, which technically wasn't a Monty Python film, but is often considered such, 3 more are some other form of British Comedy, such as Benny Hill, 1 of those 3 is the complete collection of every episode of "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy," 5 of them are the 5 Star Wars movies, 16 are Star Trek, 3 movies and 13 episodes on tape.  The only thing geekier than the movies and quantity of games I own is the fact that I made a database of all of them, and then spent another hour figuring up all these statistics about them.  And then, to make it even geekier, I got on the  internet , and wrote about it on my  blog .  Perhaps the geekiest thing of all, though, is that fact that I am proud of how geeky I am, and did all this just so I could brag about it.  In fact, I like to think of this entire thing as the product of rolling a natural 20 on a d20 roll for geekiness.  And that last sentence just made me  even more geeky .  Life is good.