Fucking punk-ass Blogger.  I was gonna write a post last night, but they were down for a server upgrade, or something like that.  Blogger got bought by Google.  They claim that the only changes this will cause will be good ones, but I don't know.  I bet they ruin it.  I've been members of websites that got bought out before, and it always ended up bad.  Anyway. Blogger said they'd be down for "a couple of hours," but they lied.  I don't know how long they were off, but they were off for at least five hours, that I know of.  Alicia decided last night that she's not moving in with us after all.  She's moving back in with her mom.  I'm disappointed, it would've been a lot more fun with her there.  She says she just can't afford it.  Dammit, none of us may get to move on Thursday.  The weather here in Oklahoma has gotten very bad.  Right now its 14 degrees with a wind chill of five below zero.  In other parts of Oklahoma it's even colder.  And it hasn't done anything in this town yet, but the entire state is in various snow, ice, and sleet warnings.  It's pretty bad in lots of places, even right around us, but not here, yet.  They're telling people not to go outside, because it's deadly cold, and to stay off the roads.  They're telling people to stop and stay in a hotel if they're out somewhere.  Depending on where you get your news information, it may or may not be like this for the next week.  All the local networks say it's going to be like this until Friday or Saturday, but Weather.com, and other national weather services say that today and maybe Wednesday are going to be the only bad days, the rest of the days are going to be back up in the 40's, and not raining or snowing or anything.  I hope they're right, I want to move Thursday, if the weather's bad, I can't.  I especially want to hurry and get moved because I already packed everything up.  All that's out is my tv and my computer, and my cds and dvds.  I already packed up all my video game systems even.  Well, that's it for now.  I'm gonna go finish the database I'm making.  Since I've got all my video games neatly packed away here, I'm making a database of what I own.  Afterwards, I'll probably do the same thing with my movies and cds.