My   MegaTokyo  shirt I ordered arrived today!  Just like I figured it would.  It arrived at about 8:00 this morning, that's odd.  I was off today.  I had planned on staying home all day playing video games.  I wasn't even going to leave the house.  That plan was ruined about 20 minutes after I woke up.  Chris' mom called.  The military mail is running several weeks behind, because they are using all their planes to ship troops around, preparing for Bush's upcoming war with Iraq, instead of using them to send mail.  So Chris' parents, who have to do his taxes here in Oklahoma while he is in Iceland, haven't even received his W-2 forms or anything yet.  So his mom called me and had me look up his forms on the internet and print them out and bring them to her.  It took me over an hour to do that.  Then I had to leave the house to take them to her.  And, since my plans had already been ruined, I decided to go a few places, since I was already out anyway.  I went to the comic store, and bought the third volume of Love Hina, but that's all I bought today.  I need to quit spending so much, especially since I'm about to move out, and will actually have to be spending money on bills and food and stuff.  I've always had it pretty good with money.  I have a shitty job, and make next to nothing, but I've never had many bills, so I get to save a lot of it, or blow it on junk.  As a result, I have more money than most of my friends.  I've never experienced being broke.  I've never had to scrounge through the couch for change so I can put enough gas in my car to get to work, or to get something to eat, like a lot of teenagers and young adults do.  Currently, my assets total a little over four thousand dollars.  Anyway, after the comic store, I came home, and finally got around to playing video games.  I decided to start playing Final Fantasy 2 again.  In my opinion, Final Fantasy 2 was the best Final Fantasy, and one of the best video games of all time, with Final Fantasy 9 running a close second.  Final Fantasy 9 was great, because Square kind of went back to their roots with that one, it was more like the old Final Fantasy games.  These latest ones suck.  7 was pretty good, but not great, 10 was about the same, and 8 SUCKED.  I don't like these new ones.  Sure they've got amazing graphics, and cool cut scenes, and thirty minute animations every time you use a summon spell, but game play, the design of the game sucks.  It's not really that the story is bad, either.  The main things I don't like are the almost futuristic worlds.  I like the old ones, with swords and armor and magic.  I also don't like these new way-too-complicated inventory systems, and strange new forms of learning abilities, instead of the old fashioned experience points, and "you gained a level.  Learned Fire-2."  The weird system of putting the jewels and stuff on your weapons to learn powers and spells, like they had in Final Fantasy 8, was so confusing, I never did really figure it out, and had no idea what I was doing.  And that weird ability-path-thing in 10?  I hate that thing.  Final Fantasy 9 had the best music, followed by 2 and 3.  So, I played FF2 for like 6 hours in all today, and that's pretty much all I've done tonight.  I did go to Carl's Jr for awhile, because Daniel and Alicia were working.  I didn't really get to talk to Alicia though, she was too busy flirting with Jimmy.    I had planned on playing other video games today too, but I didn't have time.  I had been planning on playing Halo.  I also need to play Panzer Dragoon Orta again, I'm on the last boss, but I can't beat it.  I need to force myself to play it until I beat it, or I'll end up doing like I've done with so many other games.  Getting to the last boss, or the last half of the game, and getting to some part I have trouble with, and never playing the game again.  Also, if I beat it, it would be one of only about 5 games I've ever beaten.  I hardly ever beat video games.  I usually just get bored with them long before I ever beat them.  I've never beaten a Final Fantasy game before.  The closest I've gotten is I got to the last boss fight on FF2, but I never could beat him.  I've fought him probably 50 times, and never even come close to beating him.  On Final Fantasy 9 I got almost to the last boss, I'm to like the last area you go to, the boss' lair.  But I still have to go through it, and fight a bunch of other bosses to get to him.  The rest of the FF games I've only gotten about halfway through.  This ended up being a huge post, mostly about Final Fantasy.  I hadn't planned on writing but a few sentences, and all I was going to say about Final Fantasy was that I played it today. For some reason, though, it always turns out that way.  The days I plan on just barely writing anything, I end up writing for an hour.  (actually this post just took me a few minutes to type)  And the days I want to write a lot, I can't think of anything to write.  Even my short posts are long compared to most other blogs I've seen.  Most other people are just like "Today I went to school/work.  There, (someone) made me angry.  That bitch/fucker.  Tomorrow night I have a date with my boyfriend/girlfriend."  And that's all they write, and they only do that two or three times a week.  But not me, I just go on and on and on and on and on and on and on.  Just like I'm doing right now.  I had planned on stopping after that last paragraph, but instead I kept going.  That last paragraph made me have Deja Vu.  I'm even having Deja Vu about saying that I am having Deja Vu.  That happens a lot though.  For some reason, almost every time I get Deja Vu, I get a feeling of Deja Vu about having Deja Vu about whatever it is I'm having Deja Vu about.  I should probably stop now.  But I won't.  I wish I could write this much when I want to write.  When I'm trying to write a story or something.  But I can't.  I've had a severe case of writer's block for several years now.  It really sucks.  And when I do manage to write something, it's always just something extremely silly, something that no one but me, and maybe a couple of friends, would find funny, or even understand.  Or maybe it's just something extremely silly, and stupid.  Like this:      Fooby!   The Continuing Saga   By Kevin Underwood     	One day Fooby was walking down the street when suddenly some guy on the sidewalk yelled, “What the fuck are you doing in the middle of the road you fucking moron?” 	“Now that wasn’t very nice,” Fooby said, “but he’s right, I could get hurt out here.”  So Fooby  started walking on the sidewalk instead and promptly tripped.  “Ouch,” Fooby said.  Suddenly he saw his friend Poopy walking down the sidewalk towards him. 	“Gosh, Fooby,” Poopy said, “what are you doing on the ground?” 	“I tripped on something, Poopy,” Fooby said, getting up and brushing himself off.  He and Poopy looked and saw what he had tripped on.  Laying on the sidewalk was a grinning human skull.  It was very clean and white, almost to the point of gleaming. 	“Gosh, Fooby,” Poopy said.  “How do you think that got there?” 	“I don’t know, Poopy,” Fooby said.  Poopy bent over to pick up the skull.  “No, Poopy, no!” Fooby yelled.  A strange glow and an eerie noise began to emanate from the skull.  Poopy’s body began to shake violently.  Suddenly Poopy exploded!  “No, Poopy, no!” Fooby yelled.  “No Poopy! NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!” 	“Do not weep,” said a voice, “things die all the time, and everyone must die sooner or later.  I just make sure it’s sooner instead of later.”  Fooby looked and saw the skull was floating in mid-air and looking straight at him!   See, that was really weird.  And I didn't even finish it.  I hardly ever finish anything I write.  That's the last thing I was able to write, and that was almost a year ago.  This is my longest post ever, I think.  Satan sez:  "SHUT UP."