I bought a new video game today.  Panzer Dragoon Orta, for the XBox.  I just spent about two and a half hours playing it.  It's pretty cool.  I usually don't play games like that, flying and shooting games.  So it must be really good for me to like it.  The only real complaint I have about the game is the annoying language.  All the characters speak in some fake language, and it's subtitled.  At least, I'm pretty sure it's fake.    Today Daniel showed me the house we're moving into.  Actually, I've been having some second thoughts today, but I'm pretty sure I'm still going to move in with them.  The house left me somewhat disappointed.  It was nothing like I pictured in my head, but then again, what ever is?  It wasn't as big as people made it out to be, and it needed some work.  It wasn't really in bad shape or anything, but it needed some work, it needs cleaned up a little, especially the yard.  The bedroom looked like it was about the same size, or maybe even smaller, than the room I have now, and this room is too small for my needs.  Nearly everything I own has been all boxed up for the last year because I have nowhere to put anything.  I'm a packrat, I have lots of stuff.  Especially books, I have hundreds of books, but I have no room to put them or anything else.  I don't have enough room to put any bookshelves in.  All I have in my room here is a bed, a desk a chest of drawers, and a TV stand, and I barely have room for that much.  I was hoping the room at this house would be at least a little bit bigger.  At least big enough I could cram all my stuff in there, but  now that I look at my room and compare it to the one I saw today, I don't think it was even as big as the room I have now.  I'm rambling.  Anyway, the room might not have been as small as I think, it may have just looked small because every room in the house was crammed full junk.  Me and Daniel rode the four-wheeler around the yard for awhile while we where there too.  That was pretty cool.  I've never rode a four-wheeler before, or a three-wheeler or anything like that.  So, I was a little disappointed in the house, but I'm pretty sure I'm still gonna move.  Whether I like the house or not, it will still be good for me.  I need to get out of my parents house, and learn how to live without my parents taking care of me.  I'm completely helpless.  I'm 23, and I don't know how to cook, or how to wash my clothes, or anything like that.  I'm pathetic.  There's 12 year olds that could take care of themselves better than me.  Anyway, I'm gonna go play some more video games or something.