My 12 year old sister made me very proud today.  We were watching the news about the Space Shuttle Columbia explosion, and they were talking about how Bush (DUH-bya) had to come back from Camp David because of it, and she asked what Camp David was.  My mom told her it was a retreat for the president, a vacation house where they go to relax.  And my sister said, "Yeah, I bet he needs a vacation.  After all, starting all those wars is hard work."  Like I said, I was proud of her.  But, yeah, that's what happens when you're raised in my family.  The same thing happened to me.  My parents are very anti-republican.  If we weren't so lazy we'd probably all be bomb-throwing liberal activists.  I however have evolved beyond the standard two-party right-wing-or-left-wing mind set.  My political views are so far out there they can't even be classified.  My political views are so extreme as to verge on being religious views.  In fact, that religion has a name.    The Church of the SubGenius.   So, I'm really excited about moving in with Daniel, Olivia and Alicia.  Daniel was telling me all about the place today.  The house sounds really great, it's got three bedrooms, a den, an office, a huge kitchen and a dining room and two bathrooms, and a large living room,and the rooms are all pretty big.  But what excites me even more is the land around the house.  It's out in the country, in the middle of nowhere, and it's on five acres.  On the five acres there are 4-wheeler trails and "canyons."  Best of all, though, is there is a large forest area nearby.  I can't wait, I'm gonna be spending a lot of time outside exploring it all.  Especially the forest, I love the forest, but I haven't been in one in a few years.  I grew up spending most of my time off alone in the forest.  I used to be able to walk through the forest and hardly make a sound.  I was like an Elf or something.  Another thing that's cool is that I'm gonna have to pay a lot less to live there than I figured.  Based on the monthly house payments for the house, I figured I'd have to pay somewhere between $200 and $300 dollars.  But they're not splitting it evenly, me and Alicia each only have to pay $175 a month.  How great is that?  Yeah, work sucked tonight.  It was pretty busy.  The last couple of hours were really slow though, so I got all my work done really early, and then just stood around reading "Love Hina."  Mina-san, sayoonara.  (Good-bye, everyone.)