Argh.  My life fucking sucks right now.  I'm so bored I just want to die.  I want to sleep all the time because there's nothing to do, but I can't even sleep because my life sucks so much.  Daniel and Olivia and Anthony are hardly ever home, which is ok in Anthony's case, I don't really like him much, but Daniel and Olivia are hardly ever here either, or when they are they spend the whole day in their room playing video games.  I should never have let them play my Kingdom Hearts, they're both obsessed with that game now.  Daniel's almost beat it, and I think Olivia's getting close.  Anyway, I never have anyone to talk to or anything, so it's really boring.  Man, I never thought I'd ever complain about a lack of people.  I usually spend all my time alone anyway, but it was a self-imposed alone-ness.  When you're constantly alone against your will it starts to suck.  And I never was really alone anyway, my parents and sister were there if I did need to be around people.  The emptyness of the house wouldn't bother me much if there was something else to do, but we still do not have TV.  They're supposed to be here tomorrow to install Dish Network, or Direct TV, or one of those things, though.  That's gonna rock.  Not just the fact that we'll finally have TV, but the fact that it's Dish Network thing with lots of channels.  One of my friends had that, it was great.  Especially compared to the horrible cable service we got in Purcell which only consisted of about 40 channels, and three of four of those are sports channels, and another three are religious channels.  Ugh.  I hate sports almost as much as I hate religious stuff.  I'll be glad to have TV, though I don't really miss TV all that much, but it will be something to do.  I've seen all my movies so many times, and I'm getting tired of playing video games all day.  It wasn't too bad out here until I lost my job, and had nothing to do all day.  I've been unemployed for almost a month now.  And I've still not even had so much as a callback or anything from any of the applications I've put in.  I'm going to have to take some money out of the bank if I don't get a job soon.  I've still got plenty of money to live off of, but I hate having to take money out of my savings.  I've only done that once in my life, when I bought a car.  I only seen Alicia once in almost two weeks, and that was only for like five minutes at Carl's Jr., and she was in a bad mood from work, so I left quickly.  I get to talk to her online every now and then, so that's cool.  That cheers me up a lot.  But I can't be online much because of the damn phone service.  I wish I had unlmited internet access like I used to, that would keep me entertained and happy.  I have to send my Playstation 2 off for repairs.  It'll be gone for like 2 months counting all the shipping time.  It's been broke for a few weeks now, but I never have sent it off yet, because I'm lazy, and I don't know how much it's gonna cost to ship it.  I'm gonna take my laptop computer to my parent's house tomorrow, and get online there for a few hours, and catch up on my web-comics and stuff.  I bought went to the comic book store today and bought a "Love Hina" Manga, so I read that, and that kept me entertained for a couple of hours.  I realized today what I want to do.  I want to open my own store.  A Japanese store, sell Manga, and Anime, and toys and stuff from Japan, and all those fantastic Japanese snack products like Pocky.  Sort of like   Jlist.com .  A real  Otaku  paradise.  But I don't have the money, or the skills to start and run my own business.  And a place like that probably wouldn't do as good here in Oklahoma as it might in other states.  Unless maybe it was located in Norman, near the OU campus.  I might make a little more money there, from the college students.  Especially if I sold some of that Lotte "Black Black" gum that's supposed to keep you awake for hours.  Well, guess I'll go now.  I don't know what I'll do though.