Shit.  Maybe I should stay gone.  My blog's gotten way more hits in the last month or so than it ever got when I was actually updating.  The last five weeks I've been getting between 12 and 20 hits a week.  I can't type much, I can't stay online long, it's long distance, so I'm paying five cents a minute to be online, and I've already been online for 65 minutes.  I had 653 new email messages, all but 2 were junk.  Even those two weren't that important, really.  That really hurts the ego somewhat.  I think I may have had more real messages than that, but accidentally deleted them in the deletion frenzy, because Chris called my mom the other day and asked about me, and said he had sent me some emails, but I didn't see any emails from him just now.  So, a lot has happened, but I will write about it in detail some other time.  To make a long story short, I got a job at 7-11, but then they screwed me over and fired me about three weeks later, and won't even tell me why, and so now I have been without a job for about two weeks.  I may have to go back to Carl's Jr., but I'm going to do everything I can to keep that from happening, but I am having a hard time finding a new job.  I'm still living out here in the country  Alicia's prom is tonight.  I wish I could've seen what she looked like in her prom dress and all fixed up.  She was going to come by Carls and show the people there, but I didn't know what time, so I wasn't there.  I bet she looked beautiful.  Even more so than usual.  I hope someone took pictures.     The first week or so after I moved out here, I wrote a few blog entries in a text file, so I could post it when I did manage to get online, but when i got the 7-11 job, I stopped because I didn't have the time.  But here are the few entries I wrote.  They are quite long.  Friday, February 28, 2003 Hey wow, a lot has happened in just the last two days.  I'm living with Daniel and Olivia and Daniel's brother Anthony, way out in the middle of nowhere.  But the big news is, I may be moving out of here soon, and me and Alicia are going to get an apartment together.  Or that's the plan right now, anyway.  Ok, back story, for those who may have missed it:  Alicia had been living with Daniel and Olivia at their house in Purcell.  Now Daniel and Olivia are buying Daniel's parent's house from them, and the parents are moving to Stratford.  Daniel and Olivia and I are now living in that house.  Alicia was supposed to be living here too, but just a few days before we moved she decided she couldn't afford it, and was going to go live with her mom instead.  Then, a day or two later, she decided she didn't want to live with her mom, and was instead going to live with Curtis, another manager from Carl's Jr, that she is friends with.  But for now, she is staying alone in the house that her and Daniel and Olivia were living in, for the next few days, until she has to move out.  So anyway, Wednesday the 26th me and Daniel started moving most of my stuff out here.  I was very disappointed with the house now that I got a real good look at the inside.  After we got done that night I came home and wrote a post (see below), in which I complained about how much I hated the house, and wished I'd never agreed to move there.  Also I mentioned about how my parents were trying to talk me out of staying there, and said that I should just get an apartment of my own, and that maybe Alicia could live there too, and it would be pretty cheap for both of us.  I wrote that that sounded like a good idea, but probably wouldn't happen, and that Alicia probably wouldn't want to live with me anyway.  I was wrong.  The next day, Daniel and I finished moving my stuff out here, and got a large part of his and Olivia's stuff out here too.  Around 10:30 or 11:00 p.m. we were picking up our last load of the night when Alicia came home from work.  We all stood out in the yard for a few minutes talking, and then Alicia went in the house, and we left to bring the stuff out here.  About an hour or so after we got out here, Alicia showed up, and came to my room and began to yell and bitch at me, she had driven all the way out here just to yell at me.  After she had went inside, and we had left, she got online and saw my post that mentioned the idea of us living together.  Basically, she thought it was a good idea, and wanted to get an apartment with me.  So she yelled and complained at me for about an hour, saying things like "why didn't you mention this idea before.  I don't want to live with Curtis either.  I don't want to live with my mom, or my dad or Curtis, I have nowhere to go."  And begging me to move out of here right now and find an apartment with her.  She said she was so mad at me she couldn't describe how mad she was.  I told her I'd probably stay out here for at least a month, because I hated to move in and then just move right back out, especially after Daniel helped me move all my stuff out here and everything.  She whined about "where will I stay for a whole month?!"  This all went on for an hour or more, and then she left.  Now tonight at work, she has decided to move in with her dad for a month or so, until we get a place.  We also made plans to go out tomorrow morning, and look at apartments.  I just had to carry the cat to another room.  It was walking across my keyboard, and rubbing up against the monitor.  Daniel and Olivia's cat loves me.  It followed me to my room when I came in here to type this, and it just jumped over on to my desk and was trying to get me to pet it.  It wouldn't stay off my computer, so I put it in the kitchen chair it likes to sleep in.  Well, I've been living here one night and one day now, and it's not really been that bad.  The worst part so far is just that the heating system, which just sends the heat from the fireplace around the house through vents, doesn't come into a couple of  the bedrooms, one of them is mine.  So my bedroom has no heat.  It's so cold in here I could barely sleep last night, and it feels even colder tonight, even though I've been keeping the door open most of the day, so the heat from the rest of the house could get in.  None of the house is very warm, though.  It's so cold in here right now, everything in the room feels ice cold.  If I licked this desk right now, my tongue would probably freeze to it.  Well, I need to get ready for bed now, it's 1:30.  Though I don't know where anyone is.  I'm all alone right now.  Daniel was getting weird pains and feeling disoriented  all night at work, so he was going to go to the emergency room after work tonight.  When I got here after work, Olivia was leaving right as I was pulling up.  I guess she was going to Purcell to go with Daniel.  It's been two hours since work ended though, and neither of them are back yet.   Sunday, March 2, 2003 WOW!  I'm in an amazing mood right now!  One of my best moods ever.  I'm in such a great mood right now that not even that fucking skunk can ruin it!  Ok, here's where that came from.  A couple of hours ago I was driving down the highway, and I was in such a great mood that I was talking to myself, mainly about how great a mood I was in.  I was just about to say, "I am in such a great mood right now," but right then I drove past a freshly run over skunk that smelled really bad, so I quickly changed what I was going to say, and said "I am in such a great mood right now that not even that fucking skunk can ruin it!"  It was fun.  I'm very proud of myself right now, too.  I just went shopping.  It's like the first time in my life I've ever really gone shopping.  Shopping for stuff I need to live, other than stuff I want, like a video game or something.  I'm proud of myself because I went to the Wal-Mart super center, the only place open this late, and I got in and out in 35 minutes, and only spent $27.60!  With that $27.60 I got enough food to last me at least a week and a half, mostly those Maruchan noodle cups I love so very much.  They had those four for a dollar, so I got 8 of them.  I also got four huge Hungry Man TV dinners they had two for $5.00, a pack of bagels and some cream cheese, and a couple of boxes of Pop-Tarts because I had a "buy two, get a dollar off" coupon.  I also got some other things, such as Q-Tips, and a bottle of Neosporin which was over almost $4.00 alone, all for under $28.00!  Except for work, today was a really good day.  First, I got up early and went and got some really good breakfast food from Carl's Jr..  Then I went to my parent's house to see them, and to take back some stuff I used when I was moving, and to collect my mail.  My parents told me not to change my mailing address yet, because I'm probably not going to be out here very long, and because if the insurance company finds out I'm not living with my parents anymore all our car insurances will go way up, because we won't all be on the same policy anymore, and get a group discount.  While I was home my mom also washed my work uniform.  I had it with me because I was just going to go straight to work from there, instead of driving all the way back out here and back again.  Then I went to work.  Work sucked.  Actually, there wasn't really anything wrong with work tonight, it wasn't really busy or anything.  In fact, it was pretty slow, that was the problem, it was slow and the night dragged by.  I didn't think my 8 hours was ever going to end.    Alicia came by work for a few minutes, and we talked about going to look at apartments.  We went to one the other morning, but they didn't have any vacancies for us to look at, but they have a family leaving a two-bedroom apartment on the 5th.  After they leave, they're gonna put some new tile down, and clean the place up a little, and then we can come look at it.  It's a pretty nice apartment complex.  The ad says they have extra-large rooms, free satellite TV, free water, and there's an on-site laundromat and swimming pool, and the place does Section-8, so maybe me and Alicia can get a small discount, since neither of us make very much, but I doubt it.  A two bedroom apartment is $370 a month.  Not too bad.  Not as cheap as they were in Chickasha though.  I was there a few years ago looking at apartments when I first went to college, and most of them were only $325 to $350 for a two bedroom, and I think most of those were free water too.  Me and Alicia went to another apartment complex the other day too, but their office was closed that day.  They're only open Monday through Friday.  This place looks really nice from the outside, but I don't know anything about it.  They were only built a few years ago, so they should be nice, and I've heard they're not very expensive, even though they look they would be.  We'll have to go back and check that out some day when the office is open.  Then after work I went back to my parent's house to change back into my normal clothes, so I could go shopping, without having to drive all the way out here and back again.  While I was there I also got something that I've really come to appreciate after living more or less on my own, even after only three days: a free meal.  I also got something even better than that from them, too:  a space heater!  They gave me an old space heater they haven't used in like 20 years.  So now my room is warm, instead of being near-freezing.  It's been so cold in my room I could barely sleep.  I don't know if the space heater will last very long though, it's really old, and kinda rusty, the coils don't even glow orange when it heats up.  It doesn't get as hot as it should, but it's enough to warm this tiny room.  Then I went shopping, and on the way up there and back, every song on the radio was a good one.  Especially on the way back.  Then they played three of my favorite songs in a row.  First it was "To Be With You," by Mr. Big, a song I've loved ever since it came out at least 10 years ago.  Then they played "Sleep Now in the Fire," by Rage Against the Machine, and then "Creep," by Radiohead.  It just kept getting better and better!  So that is why I am in such a good mood right now.  Now I am going to bring this good day to a good end by curling up in my warm bed, which is actually warm tonight, instead of ice-cold.   Monday, March 3, 2003 Today was pretty fun.  This was my first day off since I've been living out here.  This morning Daniel, Olivia and I finished moving all their stuff out here.  It only took a little while, then we just goofed off the rest of the day.  First we watched a couple of DVDs.  First we watched a Best of Benny Hill DVD I have, then we watched Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure.  Then me and Daniel went outside while Olivia went to Valerie's house to watch Lord of the Rings with her.  Daniel had a machete, and I had my big two-handed sword, and we played around outside with them, clearing paths in the overgrown fields, and stuff like that.  Then we set off hiking through the woods for an hour or so.  I most of my childhood playing in the woods, but it's been probably ten years at least since I really did it, so I was a little rusty.  I've got a couple of pretty bad cuts on my hands from the thorn vines that make up most of the undergrowth out there.  One cut goes almost all the way across my thumb.  That one's gonna hurt tomorrow, especially since that's the thumb I use to work the registers at work.  It's a good thing I bought that bottle of Neosporin yesterday, because this cut is pretty nasty looking.  Daniel lost his cigarettes and his cell phone somewhere in the woods, though.  He was more worried about the cigarettes than the cell phone though, because it was his last pack.  After we got done exploring the woods, and then going back out and looking for the cellphone some, we came in and played video games for awhile.  Then Olivia came home, and we ate dinner, played video games for a few minutes more, and then Daniel and Olivia went to bed, because they both have to work early, and here I am.  So it's not that bad out here.  It's pretty cool actually.  It will be better once the house gets cleaned up a little, and we get all our stuff unpacked.  By the time that happens, though, it will almost be time for me to move out again.  While we were out hiking today I finally told Daniel about mine and Alicia's plans, and that I'd only be out here about a month.  He already knew.  Alicia had told Olivia about it already, and Olivia told Daniel.  Daniel said it was fine, he wouldn't be angry with me or anything for moving out so soon.  So, I guess that's it for tonight.  Tonight's entry was much shorter than the last two.  Oh yeah, and it was pretty nice actually having a heater out here last night and today.  My room is the warmest place in the house.  Especially since we're out of firewood now.  We should have some more tomorrow.  I slept good last night, it was nice and warm.  Friday, March 7, 2003 Yesterday I went and put in an application and got interviewed for 7-11.  It was the longest most complicated application process I've ever seen.  I was there for two hours.  You go in and it's like a doctor's waiting room, people sitting around in a little lobby area.  You go up to the desk and get an application and sit down and fill it out.  Then you wait for them to call your name.  When they do, they take you into this little room, and sodomize you.  Not really, but they have this whole line of these little rooms.  They're just little rooms, maybe 6 foot by 6 foot, with a front that's mostly glass, and they contain a little table with a chair on each side, and a light and buzzer on the wall.  First they take you in there and interview you for a few minutes, then they give you a test to take, and leave you alone.  You have twelve minutes to get as much done.  When the buzzer goes off you have to stop and hand your test in at the front desk.  It's like a little S.A.T. test, with math and vocabulary questions, and drawing of three dimensional stacks of boxes, and you have to figure out how many boxes there would be in the stack, since you can't see all of them, since it's three dimensional, and some boxes are in front of each other.  It was like 35 questions, and you only get 12 minutes.  I think I did pretty good though. I got through 30 of them, and there was only one or two that I didn't think were easy.  I guess they only want genius employees.  Then, after you hand your test in, you sit in the waiting room again.  Then they call your name again, and take you back into the little room and interview you some more, then they give you another test.  This one isn't timed, but it's much longer.  It's personal stuff mainly, stuff like "how would you handle this situation..." or "How often do you lose your temper?" and you select from always, often, average, not very often, or never.  Stuff like that.  Then after all this, they talk to you a little more and tell you, "We're going to send your tests off and have them scored and looked at by the district manager.  If we're going to hire you, we'll call you in two or three days.  If you don't hear from us in three days, it means we're not going to hire you."  I think my interview went very well.  I think I may get the job.  They seemed very interested in me.  They said sometimes they don't even have everyone do all this stuff their first day applying.  They'll just take the application, and then have them come back some other time for the other tests, but they had me do mine all at one time.  I hope I get the job.  It pays $9.15 an hour starting off, with three guaranteed raises in the first nine months.  It also has good benefits, group health plan, profit sharing, paid vacations, and a 401k.  At Carl's Jr., I'm making $6.15 an hour after working there for almost 7 years, and there are no benefits.  Well, Alicia's probably not going to move in with me after all.  Now her mom is planning on moving to San Antonio in a few months, and Alicia's probably going with her.  That sucks.  Not because I wont be getting an apartment with her, but because she's moving away.  I told her, "I don't care where you're living around here, whether it's with me or not, I just don't want you to leave."  I will be very sad if she leaves.  I wish she'd make up her mind though, whether she's going or staying.  We're supposed to go look at an apartment Monday, but there's no need if she's not staying.  Actually, even if she's leaving, I may still get the apartment, even though it's a two bedroom, if I get the job at 7-11.  I will be able to afford it, and I'd rather have a two bedroom than a one bedroom anyway.  So one room can be a computer room.  They don't have any one bedroom vacancies at that apartment complex right now anyway.  I still hope Alicia's staying though.  But, if she really wants to leave, that's fine with me.  I'd rather she didn't but I'm not gonna try to stop her or anything.  Whatever makes her happy.  I wish she COULD find somewhere she would be happy, but I really don't think San Antonio is it.  Staying with me probably wouldn't make her happy either.  But enough about me, how was your day?  Really?  Fuck you.  I came home from work tonight and Daniel and Olivia had finally gotten the den cleaned up, and some of the stuff out there, then we got the rest of the boxes out of the kitchen and dining room, and stacked them in some of the new space that was opened up, and got some other stuff out to the shed, and got the living room all nice and straightened up, so the house is looking pretty good now.  Most of the stuff is still boxed up, but at least it's all in one place, and not in the way anymore.  They're hoping to get some of the stuff out of the boxes and the house fixed up even more tomorrow.    Well, I better go to bed now.  It's 2:00 a.m..  That's the latest I've stayed up in a long time.  We were up late doing all that work, we just got done maybe an hour ago.  I've been staying up to 1:00 at the latest, and getting up pretty early.  Some of the day's I've had to go places or do things I've been having to get up at 7:00 or 8:00 a.m., on the days I get to sleep in I still get up at 9:00 or 10:00.   Wednesday, March 12, 2003 It's been a few days since I've wrote anything.  I've been busy, not with anything too important, mostly I've just been playing video games and watching movies, now that the den is cleaned up and usable.  I haven't even had the computer on in a couple of days.  Though a lot of important stuff has happened the last few days, too.  First off, I got the 7-11 job!  They called me Monday morning and told me, I go in tomorrow for my training and orientation.  I'll also find out what store I'll be working at, I don't even know yet.  I wonder how long this training takes.  I have to be there at the 7-11 offices for it at 7:30 AM.  That means I'm going to have to get up at 4:30 or 5:00.  I just hope I can remember how to get there, it was way up in the city in an area I've never been to before.  That's one reason I'm getting up so early, so I'll have plenty of time to find the place.  Though it will take me about an hour to get there from here even if I can find it.  Today was my last day at Carl's Jr.  Thank God.  Though I will miss it a little.  I guess I won't be seeing Alicia as much anymore either.  In a few months though, I wont see her at all.  She's decided she's going to go to Texas with her mom.  I can't believe she's leaving.  Well, I can believe it, and I guess I'm glad for her, she's finally getting away from this stinking pit of a town.  I can believe it, but I don't want to.  She's really leaving.  I won't get to see her anymore.  I wish she'd stay.  Or I wish that I could go with her, I want out of this state too.  Though I do have a good job now, but I'm not going to let that keep me here forever.  I am not going to spend my life in this fucking state.  I will get out sometime.  I don't know what I'll do without Alicia.  She's one of the few things that keeps me more or less sane.  One of the few things that keeps me going.  This house has a really bad spider problem, and most of them are dangerously poisonous fiddle-backs.  I got bit by a fiddle-back a few years ago, I had to go to the hospital, and I missed three days of work.  Every morning here I find three or four spiders in my bathroom, usually in the shower.  Well, I did until a couple of days ago, when I sprayed the room with bug spray.  I haven't seen any since.  I've only seen one in my room, thank goodness.  This house has another problem, which bothers me even more than the spiders.  Scorpions.  We saw a couple of little ones over the last week or so, but for some reason now, I've killed two just in the last few hours.  One was in the living room, and was so big that the dogs were standing on the other side of the room and barking at it.  The other was in the laundry room, and was a little smaller, and was heading for a pile of towels in the floor.  So I'm going to be checking everything before I pick it up now.  Luckily, I haven't seen any scorpions in my room, and I hope I don't, or I'll have trouble sleeping from now on.  I went shopping again the other day.  This time I spent $46, but I got a lot more.  I went to a Homeland store that does double coupons, and I managed to save $15 with coupons.  It's a good thing I had the coupons, though.  Homeland stores are expensive!  I took my laptop computer when I went to see my mom the other day, so I was able to get online and check my email.  I was going to take this file and put all this up on my blog, but I forgot to take this file.  I might do it tomorrow evening.  I should go to bed now, I should've went instead of writing this, since I have to get up so early.  If I went to sleep right now, I could get 6 and a half hours of sleep, but it usually takes me an hour to get to sleep once I go to bed.  I'm gonna be dead tired tomorrow.  If I get less than 8 hours of sleep I can barely function.  I hope I'm not too bad tomorrow, I don't want to screw this up.  I've already screwed up too many things, but who cares, whining won't change the past.