Wow, the cottonwood is really bad this year.  There's so much cottonwood blowing through the air, it almost looks like it's snowing.  One side of the neighbor's house has a "snow drift" of cottonwood almost a foot deep.  My dad is outside my window right now hosing the cottonwood from the air conditioner, if you don't it gets clogged up, and will eventually burn out.  I'll be glad when Monday gets here.  The stuff I ordered is supposed to be here Monday.  I bought a boxed set of every episode of Cowboy Bebop, one of my favorite anime titles of all time.  I also bought two soundtrack CDs of music from Cowboy Bebop.  The music is one of the best parts of the show, it works excellently with the scenes, and is great to listen to even by itself.  I got all this swag for only a little over $70, normally the box set alone would have been $100.  I found these great deals at one of my new favorite sites.    DiscountAnimeDVD.com .  This site is great, you can get anime DVDs, soundtrack CDs, manga, wallscroll posters, and other anime related materials for a fraction of the usual price.  I got the box set for about $40, less than half the usual price, and the CDs were $11.99 each.  The only bad thing about the site is that you have to pay through PayPal.  Speaking of PayPal, don't forget that I am now accepting much needed donations, seeing as how I've been out of work for so long now.  Just click the link below to send me money.  I've seen people much better off than I get money online from these types of things.  A few months ago I read about some rich TV producer woman that had run up a $10,000 plus credit card bill by going on a shopping spree, and didn't want to pay it herself, even though she easily could've, so she set up a site like this, and people sent this already rich woman several thousand dollars.  Many teenagers are also doing this to get money for college, and some receive several thousands of dollars, so keep in mind that any money you send me will maybe be used on educations, as I would like to resume my schooling sometime soon.  I'm not asking for thousands of dollars, though that  would  be nice.  Right now, though, I can't even think about spending money on school, I have much more pressing issues to use it on.  So, any amount you want to send will be greatly appreciated.