Yeah, I haven't been writing much lately.  And I don't really know why, I've been so bored with nothing to do, so I should write.  I've been spending most of my time in Japanese and Anime themed chat rooms.  I'm also studying Japanese language again, trying to learn to speak it, and I'm learning the writing now too.  Ummm, did I mention before that I am trying to get a job as a prison guard?  The prisons around here are desperate for people, and the job pays really well, and has really good benfits, since it's a state job.  I don't know if I'll like the job, but I'm going to at least try it.  I've got to do something, I've been out of work for a long time now.  I have to get up early tomorrow morning and go take some tests for it.  Then hopefully I'll know in another week or two whether I'm gonna get the job.  My mom's been back from the hospital for a while now.  Her surgery went very well, even the doctors were surprised by how easily the surgery went.  She went and got the staples removed from the wound today.  I'm tired.  I've been really tired lately, and sleeping a lot.  I've been so bored, and lazy.  I really need to get up off my ass and do something.  I've hardly left the house since I moved back in with may parents.  I haven't even been by Carl's Jr, or seen or talked to Alicia or Daniel or anyone.  All I do is sit around the house, either in front of the computer, or watching anime.  I've been so lazy and tired I've been sleeping like 10 hours a night.  I saw Matrix: Reloaded, the day that it came out, and I just have to say that it sucked!  Almost everyone I've talked to online agrees.  I'm not good at writing long movie reviews, so I will just make a few quick points.  The special effects rocked, and most of the time they were in the Matrix was cool, but there wasn't enough of it.  Most of the movie was spent in the real world, or was taken up by extremely long, complicated exposition.  And half the fight scenes weren't even real fight scenes, they were just throwing a few punches, and then flying off.  The only cool parts of the movie were when Neo was fighting the army of Agent Smiths, and the car chase freeway scene.  The freeway scene was really cool.  It was so cool I may go see the movie a second time just for that scene.  But for the most part, the movie was shit.  It was really pointless too, the way in the end it was basically a wild goose chase.  They thought they were going to accomplish something, but in the end, accomplished nothing at all.  And then the ending sucked too.  Right as the movie is really getting good, BAM, "to be continued."  Well, that's it for now.  Sayoonara, minasan.