Well, here I am at my parent's house.  My move went fine, and quickly, but not as quickly as I had expected.  I was completely moved in by 2:00.  There's only two things I forgot and will have to go back and get sometime, my dead bonsai tree I had sitting outside, hoping the sun would resurrect it; and my kettle for boiling water, which I do a lot with all the tea and instant ramen noodle products I consume.  Damn, I don't know why I'm so tired.  After I moved yesterday I was really tired, I could barely stay awake past 9:00, but I figured that was just because I didn't get much sleep the night before, but today I'm really tired too, even though I got plenty of sleep last night.  I managed to find a way to get almost all of my many video games systems into my little TV stand thing.  They used to always just sit in the floor and get all dusty.  I still couldn't get all of them in there, but I was able to get the X-Box, the Gamecube, the old Nintendo, and the N64.  I could probably also get the Playstation 2 in there, since it's a front loading system instead of top loading, I could put it under one of the other systems, but I didn't bother because I need to send it off for repairs.  It's been broke for some time now, and I called the tech-support, and they told me to send it like a month ago, but I've been too lazy and poor to send it off.  It won't play certain disks, some disks it will still play.  There are several different formats of disks, Playstation games have black backs, Playstation 2 games usually have silver or blue back, and music CDs and DVDs have silver backs.  The Playstation 2 has several different laser disk-readers in it, one for each type of format, and apparently the one that reads the blue-back disks is broken, because it will still play all the others.   A few days ago I spent three days creating a Japanese dictionary, by culling words and definitions from the various Japanese information newsletters I get, and from my Manga comics and other sources.  It's pretty cool, it's up to something like 11 pages.  I'm on version 2.0 of the dictionary.  Everytime I send it out or post it to my website, that's a version.  But then I go back and edit it some more, and add more entries, and that's a new version.  Version 1.0 was pretty small, and only went out to one person, my friend Chris.  But version 2.0 is much larger, and has many more entries.  I just posted it on my site, and if you are interested in it, you can download it   here .  It's in .rtf format, created on a Mac, but it should still work on most computers.  Warning, it does contain definitions of Japanese profanity and sexual terms  My mom goes to the hospital for her surgery tomorrow.