Well, I hate to do this, because it's like admitting defeat, but I'm gonna do it anyway.  I'm in the middle of packing because I'm moving back in with my parents for a while, at least until I finally get a job.  They need me at home right now anyway.  My mom finally got her diagnosis, it's not cancer, but she's got a huge ovarian cyst, bigger than a large cantelope, but smaller than a watermelon.  Whatever you want to compare it to, it's fucking huge.  She's goes into the hospital Friday, and they're going to remove it and do a complete histerectomy, or however you spell it.  She's gonna be in the hospital five or six days, so they need me to stay over and watch my sister, and get her up for school and stuff, because my mom will be in the hospital and my dad works from 4 am to 4 pm.  So while I'm at it I may as well just move back in anyway, before I have to pay any more rent out here.  I've been unemployed for quite some time, and my wallet is starting to feel the effects.  The Temp Agency I signed up with a couple of weeks ago hasn't even called me with any offers.  I applied for a job yesterday that I stand a good chance of getting because a relative I have that works there says they are absolutely desperate for help.  It's a state job, working as a prison guard.  It pays very well, and has good benefits, like any state job.  But even if I do get the job it will probably be a month or two before I get it.  You can't just go in and fill out an application, or do it over the internet or anything.  You have to go to the website and print the application out, fill it out and mail it in to the state agency.  They they mail you back and tell you when you can come up there and take your tests, then you go take the tests, and they mail the results back to you, and then if they decide to hire you they mail you again, and blah blah blah.   So this will take some time.   I hate moving out, especially since we've got this cool DirectTV out here, that thing rocks.  But I do miss the internet.  I shouldn't even be online right now, we're gonna get a big fine.  We got a new long distance plan, but you can't use it for a modem or fax.  At my parent's house I can be online 24 hours a day.  I just decided that I was going to move back in with my parents a couple of hours ago, and now I'm moving tomorrow morning, because my dad is off work tomorrow and can help me move.  Well, I better go, and get my stuff packed.  I guess I'll be writing on here a lot again now, since I'll have internet access again.