Man, I feel pretty weird today.  I'm bored, tired, lonely, and confused.  And for some reason when I get this way I usually look up my horoscope.  Here's a pretty cool thing I found, that gives a description of the qualities of Saggitarius in general.  Which, for the most part, accurately describes me, except for a few things, such as the parts about being optimistic, athletic and social.   "Sagittarius, the ninth Sign of the Zodiac, is the home of the wanderers of the Zodiac. It's not a mindless ramble for these folks, either. Sagittarians are truth-seekers, and the best way for them to do this is to hit the road, talk to others and get some answers. Knowledge is key to these folks, since it fuels their broad-minded approach to life. The Sagittarian-born are keenly interested in philosophy and religion, and they find that these disciplines aid their internal quest. At the end of the day, what Sagittarians want most is to know the meaning of life, and if they accomplish this while feeling free and easy, all the better.  "It's the Archer which represents Sagittarians, although in this case it's a Centaur (half man, half beast) which is flinging the arrows. Centaurs were the intellectuals of ancient Roman mythology, and Sagittarians are quick to consider themselves their modern-day counterparts. Those born under this Sign are clear thinkers and choose to look at the big picture most of the time. They also like it when others agree with their well-thought-out point of view. The alternative to this, for better or for worse, is a Sag who can become argumentative and blunt. That's not to say that these folks are intransigent -- Archers will listen to what others have to say, in keeping with the Mutable Quality assigned to this Sign. Indeed, Sagittarians are enthusiastic consumers of information (and enthusiastic in general), the better to get the answers they need. It's also a good idea to give Sags lots of room to explore their world. Once these folks start to feel hemmed in, they'll become impatient and difficult.   "Sagittarius is ruled by the Planet Jupiter. In ancient Roman times, Jupiter was the King of the Gods, and most Sagittarians would say that the royal pedigree has been passed on to them. The Sag-born are generous and just, much like a noble leader. These folks are also expansive in their thoughts, as well as in their approach. Sags are forever reaching -- for knowledge, understanding and answers. They are outspoken in their beliefs, at times to the point of exaggeration. This may be due to their unflinching optimism. Sags are also a lucky bunch, thanks to Jupiter's golden glow. They're quick to take a gamble on things, feeling both lucky and smart. While the process of exploration is what fuels Sagittarians (and translating that to others as a teacher and philosopher), they need to be aware of their tendency to procrastinate. Those born under this Sign can be quite self-indulgent since things come so easily to them (thanks to their charming and sociable natures). Smart Archers, however, will catch themselves in time, the better to continue their good work.  "The Element associated with Sagittarius is Fire. Just as a fire can move quickly and uncontrollably, so can Sagittarians as they flit from one thing to the next, never looking back. For the Sag-born, it's all about action and adventure (and, hopefully, conclusions). These folks love their physicality and are often athletic, and certainly full of stamina. Life for these folks is played full-on, which is why it's chock-full of experiences. Archers are outgoing, enthusiastic and tend to overstep their bounds as a result, falling prey to the likes of foot-in-mouth disease. They can talk so fast (and so much) that they don't process the full weight of what they're saying, leading to the occasional hurt feeling. Often, however, their words serve to inspire others and to get things going. Yes, Sagittarians are straight-ahead folks who are curious, spiritual and true believers. The fact that they attract others with ease should be no surprise, since they have a great sense of fun and enjoy a good time. They don't lack for confidence, either, not a whit! High-spirited Sags love to socialize -- with an ever-changing crew.  "The athleticism of Sags lends itself to challenging sports, and they definitely know they're up to the task. That's why you're likely to find them in an around-the-world solo boat race or climbing up the highest peaks (where they should be mindful of their legs and hips). No stretch is too big for a Sag, if only because these folks know they're ready (and lucky to boot). Mental games such as chess or debate also fuel the Sag's mood. Moody colors they'll wear, since they favor rich maroon and navy hues. When it comes to love games, the Archer is playful, flirtatious and always on top.  "The great strength of the Sagittarius-born is their philosophical, wide-open and curious nature. These folks seek both knowledge and truth, and they are eager to share their explorations with others. Their optimistic and generous spirit makes them a pleasure to have around."  There's also this:  "Sagittarius Romance Profile The sign of the Archer rules the House of Philosophy, something which speaks volumes about these inquisitive, knowledge-seeking souls. Sagittarians are truth seekers, focused intensely on learning about their lover and exploring them more deeply. Truth be told, the Archer wants to explore everything deeply, so conversations in bed can run the gamut from religion to politics, and which position is most comfortable. These versatile and charming folks enjoy taking a long drink from the cup of life, something which also makes them exceedingly flirtatious and great social animals. Sagittarian candor is only matched by the need for independence, a guileless raison d'etre which can be an aphrodisiac to many. The Archer loves a challenge, just the kind of thing which spices up their already hot love life."