Ok, so I didn't write my review of Harry Potter when I said I would.  I said I'd write it the next day after work, but I was too tired, so I decided I would write it the nest day, because I was off work, but then someone called in and I had to work.  So then I was going to write it yesterday, but I couldn't access my blog all day yesterday, and part of this morning because the website was moving my blog to the new Blogger program, which so far looks pretty cool.  So anyway, here's my review on the last half of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.  The second  half of the book was much better than the first half, and more than made up for the  shortcomings of the first half.  As is to be expected, there was a lot more action, and lots of cool stuff happened.  I realize I am being very vague, but I don't want to give anything away, even though everyone I know already knows who dies in the book, because they cheated and looked as soon as they got the book.  But I'm still not going to tell who died.  In my opinion, the death didn't bother me, in fact, if someone had to die, I would rather it have been this person, rather than some of the other characters.  Yet everyone I know is angry about it, they don't like who died, they all say that it was one of their favorite characters, and they don't even want to read the book now. The most I'm going to give away about how the book ended is that everything comes out good in the end.  All the bad things that happened in the first half are fixed and everything's good again.  So, since I don't want to give anything away, that's about all I have to say about Harry Potter.  Last night, while surfing the internet, I discovered the greatest band in existence,   The Lords of the Rhymes. The Lords of the Rhymes, a.k.a. Bombadil and Quickbeam are a couple of white boys who dress up like elves and dwarves and hobbits and sing rap songs about The Lord of the Rings, and other Tolkein stories.  They are my new favorite band, despite the fact that they only have two singles out.  I normally hate rap, but I love these guys, and it's not just because they sing about Lord of the Rings, but because they are also very good.  They have a sound kind of like the Beastie Boys, one of the few rap groups I like, and they use lots of cool samples from old Lord of the Rings books on tape, radio productions, and the old animated movie of The Hobbit.  They have two singles, plus several remixes of those two songs.  Out of the main two their newest one, "Nine Fingered Frodo and the Ring of Doom" is the best, though their original track, "The Lords of the Rhymes," is also very good, and features Gollum beatboxing, which is quite possibly the coolest thing ever.  Hmm, it seems like there was some other stuff I wanted to talk about, but I don't remember what, so I'm gonna go now.  I have lots of other things to do tonight.  I just bought a used video game for really cheap, it's Dark Cloud 2, a game I've been wanting for months now, and also my DVDs of "The Maxx" that I ordered just came in.  The Maxx, if you don't remember, was a strange cartoon they showed on MTV years ago, and was my favorite show.  I used to know every word of every episode by heart, and I've been looking for recordings of the show for years.  I finally found it on eBay, a complete set of every episode, on DVD.  I just hope they quality is good, they are homemade DVDs that someone made.  Anyway, I'm gonna go watch that, and play some video games.  Today, life is good.