My sister managed to get a copy of Harry Potter last night.  They had to wait in a little bit of a line, but not much of one.  There were only about 50 people in line, and Wal-Mart had 250 copies of the book.  I've just been reading it for about the last three hours.  I only got up to page 178.  That seems kind of slow reading to me, compared to how fast I normally read, but everyone else in the house is calling me a freak for being able to read so fast.  I could easily read the entire book tonight if I felt like it, but I don't really want to, and my sister wants to read it some more, and it is her book.  This book is pretty cool, I especially like the glimpse of magical office life inside the Ministry of Magic, with witches and wizards working in cubicles, just like any normal Muggle office, except that the pictures tacked up on the cubicle walls move. Of course, now that Voldemort's back, the tone of this book is darker than the previous books.  This one starts off pretty dark, and at page 178 is just starting to briefly loosen up a little.  J.K. Rowling's been on TV the last few days saying that in this book "one of what I consider to be a major character dies."  She cried for hours when she had to write that part.  But as she goes on to say, this is just the beginning, the deaths have begun, as the second war with Voldemort has now begun. It's not just the foreboding of evil that creates the dark atmosphere that pervades this book, Harry is also acting strangely, he's growing up and becoming a teenager now, and keeps getting upset about things.  Every time one problem is solved, he instantly finds something else to brood over. I really need to re-read the third and fourth Harry Potter books, as I've only read both of them once, and hardly remember them.  They keep referring to people and events from the fourth book, and I don't remember them.  This book is hard to understand if you don't have a good grip on the storyline of the third and fourth books. Well, that's it for my book review, I don't want to give anything away, and I haven't really read that much of it yet.  I don't know how they managed it, but I was reading the other day that this book has almost twice the amount of words as the fourth book, yet it only has a little more than a hundred more pages.  The fourth book was 700-something pages, this one is 870, at about 28,000 words, I think it was.  In other news, I am once again employed.  By Carl's Jr., unfortunately.  Alicia told me online last night that Allen wanted to talk to me this morning, because three people were fired or quit last night.  So I went to talk to him today, and I start work again on Monday.  I'm not really very thrilled about it, but at least I'll have some money now.  The other day I ordered some rare Yu-Gi-Oh cards from someone selling them on eBay for unbelievably low prices.  Mainly because they are Japanese cards, and as such are not tournament legal, but it's still cool to own them.  I now own all five pieces of Exodia and all three Egyptian God cards, as well as the Japanese version of the cards Blue Eyes White Dragon, and Red Eyes Black Dragon.  Well, that's about it for now, I may write more later.