Thomas, let me extend a welcoming hand for you to shake in joining my militia of pro-homosexual terrorists.  Clearly we're becoming more militant by the second, and sooner than later we'll be suicide bombing the Fox News Channel.  Just kidding everyone, but I should make it known that ASB President is just the first step on the staircase of Ultra-Leftist Facism. I dare anyone to try and figure that out.  Anyway, I'd like to make it known that I was joking when I told Kolk she was flat out wrong.  That was me making a joke as well as pleasing my ever-expanding ego (I no longer recognize other opinions).  JKo knows I'm just playin, so all's gravy in my eyes.  I decided that I'll take a few hours off of GM rants and focus my attention on another group of individuals that is having a harder and harder time defending itself:  Heterosexual able-bodied blond hair blue eyed caucasian males.  In Thomas' post he mentioned the fact that gays are probably more loving w/ a probable smaller divorce rate.  It's that kind of heterosexual discrimination that I'm getting sick of.  Ask Chris Mitchem how hard it is to get a milkshake at McDonalds without being sneered at by the caucasian females working behind the counter- not knowing what vile bodily fluids have been hawked into his order.  Heterosexual able-bodied blond hair blue eyed caucasian males unite!  We want our close parking spots back from the handicapped.  Our innercities back from the various ethnicities.  Gynecology back from those oppressive stick-together females.  Thomas Chen will never know the difficulties of non-affirmative action.  Ask Ben Perry how hard it is to get a scholarship for being a non-minority!  For the next 9 hours I'd like to reinstate the Know-Nothing party.  Who's with me!?  After that nine hours expires it's very likely I'll go back to the minority supporting spam that got me attention in the first place, but until then, all you non-heterosexual able-bodied blond hair blue eyed caucasian male bigots better look out.  Power to the people!  Love Rob