Hey all of you happy bloggers. Paul, it is a good thing I will not be old enough to vote in this election because I don't like either candidate.  Anyway I am really posting to discuss the Da Vinci Code, a book of which I just finished reading. With all of the hype concerning this book and input from others who have read, I was excpecting a great book that would address controversial issues of religious history. The book failed to meet the standards I had set, and completely let me down. It actually turned out to be the most annoying book I have ever read. First of all the author, Dan Brown, used all kinds of foreshadowing trying to keep you stuck on the book. He would hint on subjects or different happening that wouldn't actually take place until 4 chapters after comment. So as I read I would try to concentrate on the matters before me but I constantly had the thought of his foreshadowing in my mind. So I could not put the book down, and usually people use that phrase to descirbe a book that really interests them but in this case I just needed to find out the stupid answers to the stupid questions. By the time I found the answer or I reach the happenstance that had been revealed tens of pages beforehand, I would now have experienced more of the same types of comments and the vicious cycle would restart. I know that this kind of writing is common but I think the author really overused its use and it started to get on my nerves. I guess that means Dan Brown is a good writer because however conniving his tactics, I could not put the book down.      Another problem I had with this is finding the difference between fact and fiction. There were some very interesting ideas posed but I would like to see justification for some of the statements made because the only way they would be cool is if they were true. Anyway despite my conflict the Da Vinci Code, I am reading the prequel Angels and Demons, I guess I am still trying to fulfill my initial hopes for greatness from the first. If any of you have read the book I am curious as to your thoughts on it.  Rob you are my sunshine Chris