I personally think its wrong, better yet "morally wrong" to impose your morals on any other person or a group of people, that is concerning gay marriages and abortion. I mean if religious people believe that abortion is wrong no one forces them to have it, but they can't hinder other people in their choice to have abortion. There is lot of idealistic talk around here, especially saying that the problem would be solved if people simply stopped having sex, but the fact is human instincts often take over reason and a lot of people don't even see anything wrong with having sex. The question then is how we can help those people that do have "accidents" and are irresponsible. I heard a lot of people say that instead of being aborted the child should be given to foster care, which I think is even greater irresponsibility. It's irresponsible to throw away your child once you gave life to her/him, abortion in a way is taking responsibility of your actions; once that child is in the foster care you will never know what kind of a life that child will have, whether he/she will be abused, sexually harassed or simply have an unhappy life knowing that he/she was an unwanted child, thrown into the world as a homeless dog. Many say that there are a lot of couples that simply dream adopting cute little babies and providing them with a wonderful life, but there are lot of kids in foster care around the world and all of them in no way possible will have enough couples to be adopted by. Anyway, I think the pill is one of the most important innovations in history of womankind, it eliminates that dead end of either having abortion or giving birth and then giving up that precious life to the "cruel and perilous world."   Concerning gay marriages, Rob has voiced my opinion in the best way possible. Afterall this is America...  my country tis of thee, Sweet land of liberty, Of thee I sing. So shouldn't we all have the right to love and to live our lives happily as we wish to as long as we don't harm anyone else. I mean do you become physically or mentally harmed if you see a married homosexual couple? What goes on in their bedroom is of no ones business but theirs, and I think who should be of more concern are the preachers who vigorously preach about homosexuality as a sin and a "morally wrong doing" and then go an have "fun" with their own little "buddies" seven years old, sick.