I'm going to kind of answer my own question about what people's opinions are of the morning after pill, because I never really did answer it myself.  For some reason, I really do not consider it to be abortion.  Because you can only take it up to three days after you've had intercourse, and you also at that point have no way of knowing if you're pregnant, so I don't consider it taking a life.  As Rob said (or maybe Ms. Clark said it, I can't remember), the morning after pill is much more of a form of birth control than an abortion tool.  Abortion is a deliberate choice to take a babies' life in it's (sometimes) later forms of developement, while the morning after pill is simply a safety net.  As for the gay marriage issue...this issue is extremely sticky to get around.  I personally, partly because of my religious background, think that being gay is morally wrong.  However, we live in America.  Here we are supposed to be able to have the freedom to do as we please, get the job we want, eat what food we want, and marry who we want.  It then becomes an issue of how far the government is going to get into Americans personal lives and try to take control.  Do they really have the right to say that you can't marry who you want to just because it's morally wrong?  Perhaps that's stepping in too far, but then I get into a conflict with my own morals of gay marriage being sinful according to the Bible.  Most of you probably don't know that in the United Methodist Church in the past few months, one of their pastors has openly admitted to being gay and having a lifetime partner.  They went to Portland and got married recently also.  Well, needless to say that opened up a HUGE problem within the church.  Not only the question of whether God thinks it's right to be gay or not, but also does the church want a gay person to be able to preach?  After a very drawn out trial (which is still being protested and debated) the Church decided that the pastor would still be allowed to preach.    Up until recently, I hadn't seriously thought about how much GM would effect and divide our country.  But just thinking about it from that one light opens up so many controveresies, and many more that are most likely to come.  It's such a vast discussion, and it can't be talked about with people's personal feelings and morals coming into play.  The madness of the world today...  Well, it is getting late and I should probably be going to bed.  I think that I've rambled on enough to bore you all to tears.  See you in school tomorrow!    ~Kimber