WHOA WHOA WHOA......This blog is really heating up now....and that's awesome news  The debate today was impressive.....there are some talented 2nd perioders out there that really SHOULD JOIN THE DEBATE/MUN TEAM.....following Rob Muilenburge's great and courageous step.  For the abortion issue, I continue to stress the fact that whatever the case, the ultimate responsibility comes down to taking care of the child, whether it's parental care, adoptions, or fostercare. I dissagree with the fact that any living cell is somehow given the chance to become a genius and those wonderful dreams are innately possessed in the process. It's simply not true. It's simply a wild dream to think a living cell born to a perfectly dangerous and alien society would be expected to grow up healthily or EVEN SURVIVE THE FIRST FEW DAYS OF THEIR LIVES WHEN THEY STILL HAVE NOT OPPENED THEIR EYELIDS.........hhhmmmmmm maybe that's why infant mortality rates in third world countries are as high as 50%! Or half of the babies don't make it through the first two years of their lives. Hmmmmmmm how IRRESPONSIBLE are we then....how many more babies are killed and what's the strain on the society then. And that's not already taking into account the risk of lives the mothers have to go through bearing the child and raising the child up under extreme hostile situations.  I have to agree completely with how Bush's actions of punishing foreign country clincs that give out abortions would only hurt the destitute third world societies and does nothing to educate and prevent these kind of situations from happening again. The truth is, in the majority of 3rd world countries, and as a singlet example, SE Asia's Cambodia, sexual exploitations is extremely rampant (more rampant than anything you've ever imagined that could happen). Such poor countries. People younger than us would be SOLD BY THEIR PARENTS for prostitutes because the families are simply sooooo poor. And for us it is easy to "hey you have to understand the consequence of sex" and that, but many destitute people in third world countries PEOPLE SIMPLY DON"T KNOW AND HAVE NEVER HAD THE EDUCATION FOR THAT. EDUCATION and the corresponding higher level of social-economic status is the KEY for woman to make wise decisions. Education is the key for elevating the traditional degrading and subhuman status of woman in many third world countries. Thus, instead of withdrawing aids and funds from foreign clinics where abortions are performed, it's an opportunity for us to show our egalitarian American values and try to put more aids into education programs, and more aids so more people can lift out of poverty situations.   Yeah an thus, I think that abortion should be upheld simply looking at the world with reality......And of course if you are educated and wise and know how to make the choice, GOOD FOR YOU (you are extremely lucky and should be proud of yourself of not ever having the need for abortion), but for millions of others around the country and around the world.......There is a long long long way to go to create a perfect utopian society......   As for the childhood obesity debate, we'll see on Monday.  I also want to comment on the gay marriage issue here. The compromise for both sides would be civil union protections for at least basic liberties so gay people are not constantly in a state of fear and constantly being prejudiced. And ultimately, I believe that they should enjoy the exact same liberties and opportunities any other person enjoys. Because ultimately, people CAN biologically be gay. To deny gay people the same rights all other citizens enjoy would be like degrading disabled, mentally retarded, or even a minority race of people.