My little dumplings are growing up...I think it is so interesting to watch adolescents begin to formulate and defend their opinions on such controversial issues.  I was watching many of you in second period with the personal struggle of Abortion being morally wrong yet unwilling to take a strong stand against others...hopefully you will continue to grow and think on these issues as you further develop.  Some of you will become more conservative in your thinking as you experience the "real" world while others may become more liberal.  Trying to figure out what you believe in and what you stand for is so important in figuring out who you are...and whatever that is I respect all of your ideas and opinions to the upmost.  Commentary...the second period debate was impressive...I was very impressed by your sensitivity and the resepect towards others...will you have the same resepectful tone when we discuss child obesity?  (I have to laugh because this topic has been hot on the news and NPR lately.)  Sixth period...the Pat Tillman discussion was interesting.  I am unsure how I feel or if I feel anything to be completely honest.  However, he will be the "poster" child for this war and remembered in many history books.  He is also an excellent example of the sense of Nationalism produced by the 911 World Trade Center attack.  I appreciate all of your struggle with the value of life...and yes I think we can all agree upon that everyone's life is valuable.  I think the discussion also brings up other valuable questions?  What is the role of the Media?  And who is really in charge of what we see and hear by our news media?  Who decides? Who pays for it? AND who gets the profit?  Obviously these people (dynasties) have a lot of power and influence over our nation?  The gay marriage debate was a little heated.  I think Ben may be right that is an issure that might divide our nation.  I like how Kalie related it to the Civil Rights Act - an example of a good history student.  But should our government be involved in a personal institution.  They set age limits? Should they?  Maybe we could lower the divorce rate by increasing the age and wait time before people get married...how about 25 and you must "date" for two years?   That might make our families more stable...their are so many other issues...maybe our goverment should control who we marry to make sure it lasts longer?  Maybe people weren't meant to be married...of course I am just thinking out loud...(Playing the Devil's advocate in most cases...)  I must get ready to boogie down at the Life Skills Prom.  Have a good weekend and I look forward to hearing about more of your ideas...  Ms. Clark