Hey everyone........I guess today is Skyview's last day of school. I'm posting from the UW communications building computer lab.......UW is so nice! I am living in the infamous McMahon dorm. And our SIMUW group of 24 students is only a small fraction of ALL the countless number of high school/middle school students who are here for the summer living in McMahon. A lot of people are here for summer sports camps.   The McMahon dorm has a fantastic view of lake washington. The dorms are set up as a "quad", IE four dorm rooms in one vicinity sharing one living space/microwave/refrigerator/bathroom, and the best part, a balcony. The McMahon dorms is so oppressively hot (seems like the heat is always on even in 90 degree weather). The big windows are open with no wind coming in and yet the flies and bugs outside are attracted to the light inside. The first two nights the dorm is around 90 degrees and each room has one little fan to cool us off.......  As for the food, it's 1000 times better than anything we have in Skyview or nearby Salmon Creek. Each student gets $24.50 daily for food (all free).......Lots of stuff to gorge on........And some crazy SIMUW people buy dozen cartons of milks or drinks and freezes it overnight......crazy Ha one downside of the "quad" dorm is that eight people have to share one bathroom/one shower. So things can get interesting with shower/bathroom schedules.  The whole day spent here in UW is packed with stuff to do..........From 7:50 to 8:50 breakfast/community meetings.....From 9:00 to 12:00 morning lecture/activity.....1:30 to 4:00 afternoon lecture/activity.....4:15 to 5:00 computer alloted time.....5:30 to 6:30 dinner time, and afterwards free time to do whatever we want.  During the evening times we wander around the campus/dorms/travel to university avenue or university village shopping areas/movies/community solving math problems/or playing boardgames like monopoly or risk.   Yeah and finally the people here are so interesting.....just leave it at that.......Half of the people in this program are Canadians!!!!!!!!!! Ha............So interesting.