While my family and I were watching former President Reagan's funeral, my dad told me that while a President is in office they have to plan their funeral just in case they die in office. Now that's what I call planning ahead. You see, I remember the flag folding part of former President Nixon's funeral when I was little, and I hear that the other aspects of his funeral was rather simplistic. But then my dad busts out and says that Nixon was a Quaker. Thus, it was likely that his funeral was planned to be more simplistic and small... just the way he wanted it. I asked my dad if there was more media coverage on Reagan than there was with Nixon, and he said no, there was an equal amount. So if anyone wants to compare the extravagency between the two deaths, it was planned for Nixon's funeral to be more private and not so much exposed. So, maybe it's not because of the Watergate Scandal that Nixon's funeral wasn't as "big" as Reagan's.  I have to say that it makes me sick that some are speaking ill of Reagan. They're so focused on their politics that they can't even respect the former president. They say things like, "oh he was responsible for the spread of AIDS". Don't they know that he spent 6 billion dollars for the research of AIDS? I guess not, because they don't want to research the facts. How is it that they're able to speak of him that way even in his death? Someone in my history class once said, "Don't speak ill of the dead" and I totally believe that. Respect is key. Even if a certain president passed away, and his policies were ones that I don't agree with, I would still have respect enough to not argue against him, or attempt to discredit him. Some of you might be thinking, "Oh well you're a conservative so it's easy for you to say that now, since it's Reagan that died". NO, that's not the case. It's not hard to have respect for the dead, especially ones that DID serve our country, democrat or republican, liberal or conservative. If you want to argue or discredit any politicians, I ask that you please do it with the ones that are alive. Please.