Ryan, I agree that unabashed, unashamed, mudslinging political rhetoric poisons the mind! This may sound contradictory considering that a large portion of my posts include some sort of stab at Bush, but not EVERY issue. I listen to political talk radio for entertainment, not news. Lars Larson comes on at night and talks about how Abu Ghraib is a positive reflection on the Bush presidency, then Sean Hannity comes on and rants on how lame Bush is for not politically castrating, then executing Don Rumsfeld. Am I a fan of Bush or Rumsfeld? No. Do I think Abu Ghraib is the fault of either, no. I actually commend Rumsfeld on trying to delay the release of the photos— at least the man recognized the way of harm his boys would be put directly into as a result. Atleast I get a good laugh before I fall asleep. I understand why they do what they do. Mudslinging IS entertaining, the problem is, the political extremists that get put on the air collect a FOLLOWING for their charisma and idealism. It's rare that their is a perfect candidate for anyone, so in many ways, I could liken the popularity of a man like Michael Savage to the rise of Hitler in Germany. Many Americans feel that our government is gutless to act, and a man like Savage is all about American empowerment. With such political polarity being generated from CNN to Fox News everyone in the media, imagine the cult following a political MODERATE might generate! Talk about extremism!  Now the Bible. So often in history we praises the founding fathers for their briliance in drafting the Constitution. Leaving it open to interpretation, casting it in putty rather than in steel so it can mold as times change. Maybe God should deserve the same type of credit so often to the "revolutionary thinkers" of the late 18th century. Everyone interprites the Holy Bible differently, and that is generally accepted by everybody, but this is the first time I've really thought it might be part of the design. I guess the most important fact is that people are looking to God for an answer, and for that, I commend them. God is an invaluable resource. For any atheists out there, you're alright by me too, but get to know what's out there, you might find a doctrine you like.  Al Tu and I have decided that the U.S. should return to a monetary system similar to that of the Gold Standard, but slightly different. The beer standard. All government issued coins and bills would be backed by their value in beer. Also, all informal college sports bets would be transacted exclusively in beer. Long live the Greek System.  Love Rob