Ryan, your points are perfectly valid. I found myself reading some info sheets on economic policy last night, and I found myself very engrossed in it. It was either "Look what Bush's economic policies are doing for us positively" or the opposite. I found some valid facts, but also language that was deliberate, a spin to catch the public. I too often despise the political mire, and it can disgust me how politicians can continue to bicker endlessly along partisan lines till the cows come home, and there aren't any cows in D.C. Partisanship makes me mad, it was one of the reasons I was so ticked reading the stuff in the text book a month back on Richard Nixon - the old heated partisan warrior. You put this whole bickering gig in historical perspective, and I love that. Much more fighting than helping has ever been done in this country; truly, in the entire history of man. There's to much to loose for all our politicians to work together.      I'm going to become slightly partisan here, it may seem, but this is what I observed when reading yesterday: that we've been getting jobs back the last three months, but we lost several million in the past three years. There were some cool things that we have coming, but a lot of crap happened too. I hate that I'm not being specific, but I've got the stuff on me, so if you'd like I could show it to you, and I was carefully looking at this info, trying to be objective. I seem to have more bias against the Bush administration than the opposite side, but I saw that in myself and tried to look in that same light on those critical of the administration. Both sides have some valid points, but for me I'm not much of a Reaganomics guy, which we're living with under President Bush. I like that I'm reasearching, and it keeps me informed. I also don't like these tax cuts. To me, a government needs its money, its surpluses. We need the programs that the government provides - they should be limited so that people can't take advantage of them, but you need to have well funded programs. Raegan cut taxes, aznd limited funfding for some of these programs. I also wonder at these stats in the course of my research, whether they were caused by Bush's policies directly, or are a part of regular economic rise and fall, or both.     I hated being on the pro-George site, 'cause it was so obvious that they were trying to use stuff like patriotism to catch unwary voters for them. Both sides do it, and it disgusted me that they were trying to Big Brother me and take me for most of this country's citizens - uniformed, idiotic voters. Yet the uninformed part is more true, and I'm being judgmental to an extent. Just always be informed, go beyond the surface and see what's really going on. If you don't like George for instance, know why, and if you want something new, make sure Kerry would institute the policies that you would want; don't just vote a man in to get rid of another. I pray that we may have the best for this country. Adios and God bless.  Tristan