I abhor politics by nature because opinionated writers are unable to present facts without intertwining their own agenda.  As a student I process information daily, and have found the most effective way to learn concepts is through evaluating raw facts, and analyzing relationships between themes.  In politics I find this straightforward analysis nearly impossible because no source presents all of the facts on a single issue; instead, columnists selectively use facts to win imaginary arguments.  As a result, I find myself repulsed by political reporting.  I’m torn between the desire to learn about the world around me and the intense repugnance I feel toward the political media.  People make politics personal, which is unnecessary and detracts from progress.  I dream of a world where opposing political parties can discuss issues and make decisions based on what’s best for the nation and not what’s best for their respective organizations; however, I understand this is the nature of politics; they are purely subjective.    America is a half-constructed bridge, spanning the continent from the Pacific to the Atlantic, and the political parties are the construction team responsible for the next phase in building.  Because the political parties are on the same team it would seem logical for them to work together to build the strongest structure possible; however, since their inception they spent more time waging wars and fighting than planning for the future.  Government officials should be driven by building the best nation possible, not lining their pockets or making a name for themselves.  Unfortunately, this is seldom the case and the root of my inner conflict.  The role of the government is to create a healthy, sound country, and far too many politicians lose sight of this goal for me to follow avidly; however, because the fate of the nation depends on voters, I and others like me must swim through the political gobbledegook and get to the heart of the issues – I just wish I didn’t have to wear waders to do it.    -Ryan  PS - I admire all of you who closely follow politics and respect your opinions greatly