Hey Chris, Mary, Rob, and Natalya........WOWWWWWWWW WHAT AN ECLECTIC GROUP OF VOCAL AP US HISTORY STUDENTS!!!!!!!! I'm actually really glad that there is HEATED DEBATE about such a controversial topic as Gay Marriage.   It's so great to see that at the end or beginning of your posts, Rob and Mary, that you two have to reconcille with each other that you love each other.  Because we are all still great friends, no matter what difference of opinions we have. Yeah true friendship has to be able to withstand political debates!    Chris, I honor your detailed analysis of the motives/arguments/reasonings behind both polarized sides of this GM issue......Your post sounded like a mature moderator's post trying to bring together the two sides. However, I have to dissagree with you on one important fact, and that is, the Gay Marriage debate will not always go around in circles. Not everyone in the country (on both sides) is willing to sit idly and let the gay marriage issue be pushed out of debate like a gag order. Even if the issue of gay marriage will not be resolved for decades......It will eventually be ......No matter what end of political spectrum America's general populace stands, there are and WILL ALWAYS be the progressives who will change America forever. And here I have to insert my own personal opinion (WAAAAAA SCARY PERSONAL OPINION)......That I really hope the resolved will forever legalize gay marriage. And I'm convinced along with a lot of my peers that if America continues its 250 years of journey in the pursuit for the real meaning of freedom and democracy, that Gay Marriage will eventually be legalized.   But this can be a long wait........Maybe many decades......But I'm convinced that eventually it will happen.  Simply looking at America's past, you'll see that altho there are short term regressions to more goold old traditional fundamental values, the general path of America's history has always been taking the step to become more progressive and democratic and egalitarian (For such important issues now we take granted such as: From the first ten amendments to: ALL MEN'S SUFFRAGE, Public Education, ABOLITION OF SLAVERY, Women's right to vote, Separation of Church and State (including teaching evolution), Trust-Busting policies on monopolies, Social Securities, Healthcare/Medicare, Minimum Wage, Conservation, De-Segregation, Civil Rights, Sexual Revolution, Non-Discriminatory Clause(There the disabled gained their rights), And finally African American's Rights to Vote ). And shorterm regression of more conservative values such as prohibition on Alcohol and Jim Crow Lows just DID NOT WORK AND DID NOT LAST. Just looking at your parents and grandparents, which generation is more "conservative", which generation is more "free" or which generation strives for more freedom? (56% of 17-24 year olds suport GM as opposed to 19% 65 years and over). The more recent list that I will eventually able to add to the list of America's journey towards the true democratic values has become abortion and gay marriage.  And at the end, I love everybody here who has contributed to the great DISCUSSION OF OUR AP US HISTORY BLOG!