Rob and Mary, thinking of you two going head to head gives me the urge to get on a plane and leave the country. But nontheless I have been reading the arguments on the blog lately with interest. Both Rob and Mary both have very valid points and I'm sure if given the chance they would contradict one another into the next millenium. But the fact is and I quote Rob,"one thing I have learned through the GM debate is that you won't be able to convince anyone to drastically alter their position, based on religion or otherwise." So these arguments stewed up by the bright minds of our Ap US history class are hopeless,  in the end it all comes down to what you believe in as an individual. For example: Mary holds strongly to her faith, a virtue of which every question derived from the bible comes down to for answer, and uses this belief to battle and contradict Rob's arguments, while Rob uses modern situations as proof to regard or disregard arguments like Marys that are based upon faith. Both of these strong willed individuals represent 2 of the many separate groups in the battle for gay marriage, each group possessing a strong and opinionated following. The only problem with this situation is that neither group appears to be morally wrong in their thinking, and therefore there is not an easy way to chose sides. Due to this the battle for gay marriage will go around in circles in vain attempts of each side of the argument to gain a majority on the matter. But with each argument presented by each of the opposite viewed sides there will be arguments to address the stated argument and arguments to address the stated arguments argument, and with each contradiction those groups will move further apart from eachother as characteristic human stubborness is triggered with the attack on ones argument. With this reasoning in mind, I don't think that gay marriage will be legalized throughout the United States for quite some time. No one can expect a drastic idea such a same sex marriage to be accepted by a society of people who have been morally against the idea of homosexuality their entire lives. And with that I think I can safely say that I am sick of talking about it.