I feel like I've been polluting the blog recently (throwback to globabl warming which Ryan Knight claims is a myth) with my GM posts, and so I plan on leaving it with this last post on the topic.  It's not that I'll give up backing it till it's legal, so feel free to talk to me in person, but I've decided it's alright for the blog to go another direction.  So here it is.  Mary, I appreciate your love for me, and I hope you know it's entirely reciprocal, but I also hope you know that the Bible means no more to you than it does to me.  I hope I've made it clear that I'm familiar with what the Bible has to say, and CLEARLY we have different interpretations (I guesss neither of us can call either interpretation WRONG), but I can confidently say right now that every human in the world has a bias.  It's human nature to have some sort of preconceived notion, some unfaltering instinct that affects how we see the world.  Part of our bias comes from the society we live in.  We have our cultural norms, our milieus or what have you that would make aspects of the culture in our neighbors of Mexico and Canada confusing at times.  Mexicans have a very different view of personal space, not afraid to come sit right down next to you on an empty bus.  As the egotistical douche yet talented film-maker Michael Moore demonstrated in Bowling For Columbine, Canadians don't feel the need to lock their doors at night.  A scenario many not feel comfortable with in their homes in the states.  My point is that when it says in Romans that men turned to other men in unnatural lust, in Roman society homosexuality was not considered normal, especially not natural.  I myself get uncomfortable seeing men kissing (..."I am beautiful, no matter what they say..."), but I don't see it as immoral.  When there is a natural inclination to repel homosexuality combined with a society even less friendly to gays, bias plays a factor in Paul's writing.  Do you see where I'm coming from?  I'm not trying to discredit any of the apostles, but I do want to remind the world that they can't be expected to be any more than human.  (For the record, I'm referencing the New Testament exclusively because Mary referred to herself as a judeo-christian.  If you want my argument against the Old Testament, jump back a couple weeks worth of posts)  Moving on to data.  Even if Rush does cite his sources, they could be the product of any number of think tanks funded by any number of VERY biased corporations.  Tobacco did all kinds of studies saying how bad tobacco WASN'T for you.  I think NPR would be one of the most direct sources of info out there.  If you don't want to believe Sean Hannity, I don't really either, but you can trust a credible source like an NPR newsbreak.  Lastly because I'm a left-winged secularist who only gets A's because I wright what teachers want to hear politcally, let me back up one more statement with imperical data; going after your spelling was a good natured ribbing, but you were 1/9 in spelling marriage correctly.  (Take that whole last paragraph in a sarcastic tone, but the data I believe to be correct.  Do you want me to reference my source?)  My last statement will address you not agreeing with homosexuality.  Why not?  You know my arguments, and I guess you can say because that's your morality, but there IS a basis for morality.  I just want to know what yours is.  By the way, I LOVE Mary Tyner as a human being.  The great thing about this country is that we're all allowed to have our beliefs and opinions, share them with each other, and be homies at the end of the day.  Love Rob