Thanks for the response Bob. You sure can quote stuff. By the way, I know how to spell marrIAge, it was just a typo. That was kind of a cheap shot. I find it amazing, though, how you can quote this, and quote that, but yet you don't know what verses mean. Again, people taking such an objective view when they regard the bible. You don't know how to interpret. Or is it that I interpret it differently? Obviously, there is a difference between us in what we regard as the truth. (By the way, Rush always tells his audience what his sources are, or if what he's saying is his opinion.) When it comes to the bible/religious stuff, there's a difference between having faith in a religion, or just believing in it. For me, it's faith. It's not that I take every single word in the bible and take it literally. That's not the intent. Just a note... Jesus, in his teachings, spoke metaphorically, or through examples and stories so he could teach his disciples. Thus, not everything is to be taken literally. These disciples, who you call bias, are the ones who have the first hand account and have written these accounts in their books Mark, Luke, John and so on. If you have faith, you don't think of these men as biased figures who totally disregard the views of others. I'm not saying don't ever question these men and do everything they say, they are the new gods now... ahhhh! What I'm saying is that these men, these disciples, in regards to christianity, are telling what they know, are telling what Jesus taught them. What I'm saying in all of this mumbo jumbo is to be careful when you use the bible for reference, everyone, because when you use the bible, you're entering the territory of religion, and you're right rob this is a history class, not a theology class.   If you really want to know my direct opinion on Gay Marriage, I'm against it. But the question is, to what extent? I don't even know the answer to that question, because I'm not against gay people. But I am against the lifestyle. I'll go along like it's normal, which is called tolerance, but inside my head I'll be thinking it's wrong and there's no way you can change that, the same way I can't change you. But I dare you to try.  Back to data, it's not like I don't use it. I QUESTION every blatant piece of data to ASSESS THE VALIDITY OF THE STATEMENT (haha, never thought I'd hear that outside the AP exam). I question not only the liberals, but also conservatives. I question my side as well because I want to make sure that I know what it is I'm believing in/ have faith in. Always ask questions. And make them simple questions too. That way, if you don't get a straight forward, simple answer, then you know that that person who is answering the question is BS'ing with you. So no, Robby Bobby, I don't just go with my gut feeling alone. I know the facts first, I repeat THE FACTS first, and then I perhaps use my gut/mind/brain/head, whatever you want to call it, that makes me decide what it is I say, do, think and stuff.   Thanks for the response. I love you Rob.