Mary, I admire your commitment to your statements.  It's easy to hide behind rhetoric and avoid conflict, but by standing by what you say and inviting opposition you show tremendous security.  I would first like to address your alarmingly confrontational attitude towards numbers and statistics.  You are correct that data collections can be interpreted many different ways, and are often presented strategically to convey a certain point of view, but by no means is that always the case.  With my personal experience I find the majority number twisters to be those on political talk shows, including your beloved Rush Limbaugh.  Al Franken does the same thing, and I'm not trying to say it's strictly a conservative thing, but try and argue with the fact that states at the time of this post, approximately 117 billions of American dollars have been spent on the war in Iraq.  Or that since the invasion, 828 Americans have lost their lives in combat.  Tell me that statistic can be twisted to comfort the mothers, fathers, wives, husbands, and children of those lost in Iraq.  If you don't base decisions, viewpoints, etc. on "imperical data," what exactly DO you base them on?  Gut feeling?  Gut feeling gets you the Salem Witch trials.  A clever little process known as the Scientific Method led the world out of The Dark Ages and into the Renaissance and is responsible for the development and institution of MODERN MEDICINE.  If I had cancer, gut instinct wouldn't lead me to subject myself to chemotherapy or radiation treatment— both cell-anhialating and physically exhausting therapies, but the imperical data that shows that survival rate is MUCH higher with those treatments would probably sway my thinking.  Moving on to your GM argument, I'm still unclear.  Do you believe that GM should be legal?  Clearly you have stated you do not support it based on the Bible, that is, the New Testament, but based on the current law, do you believe that amending the Constitution to ban GM is legal?  One thing I have learned through the GM debate is that I won't be able to convince anyone to drastically alter their position, based on religion or otherwise.  I have tried and tried, typed countless words, referencing countless verses, and yet I have done little to directly express what I keep alluding to: The Bible, New Testament or Old, is not an infallible source.  The most direct reference to homosexuality in the New Testament comes from Romans, which loosely states that men turned to men and committed unnatural acts out of lust.  It does not say that homosexuality is wrong, just "unnatural."  With that out of the way let me remind everyone that the New Testament is not document written by the hand of God, or even translated from God's divine mouth as some of the Old Testament was.  The New Testament is a collection of first-hand accounts with Jesus from various people; the Romans, Mark, Jude, etc.  The point is, the reader of the Gospel must remember that this collection of accounts is at all times subject to the author's bias, and even the deviation from the original meaning through years of translation.  For all anyone knows, "unnatural" as it was written might have been more accurately translated as "unconventional."  The Bible, New Testament and Old, contains excellent themes on how to live ones life as well as the most redeeming sacrifice of the Son of God for eternal souls of all us sinners, but it is not a document that can be taken word for word as the unvarying decree of the Most High.  I disagree with you that God or His son would object to the marriage of two homosexuals who followed the teachings of Jesus on marriage; where their flesh becomes one, they are devoted to each other, and that they love each other as they love themselves.  Does He find THAT unholy?  Lastly, the Old Testament has some ridiculous inapplicable laws, as I demonstrated in previous posts.  However, the New Testament is not clean of some socially questionable direction as well.  The book of Ephesians says "the husband is the head of the wife as Christ is the head of the church, his body, of which he is the Savior".  Does this condemn all Christian wives to a life of servitude?  Certainly, with the influence of the Feminine Mystique (this IS a history blog after all), huge amounts of women have become significant breadwinners in the household, is this What Jesus Would have them Do?  I hope I have presented my ideas clearly.  For future reference, marriage is spelled as so, not marrAIge.  God Bless and good night.  Love Rob