Preface:  I know GM is a horse that died a long time ago and we continue to beat it, and for that I apologize, but having just bought a pair of Birkenstocks combined with defense of my weekle Bush mocking, I feel a little offended at Mary's harsh criticism of scientific thinkers.   Mary, I'm not sure I get your stance on gay marriage.  You say you're morally against abortion but you think it should be legal.  Do you have the same position on GM?  I found the arguments you made a little contradictory.    First I want to say that I understand you respect everyone's right to an opinion, that is what you intended isn't it?  But for someone who doesn't want to come off as a right-wing bigot, you kind a come off as a right wing bigot when you challenge "left-wing secularists" who don't reference their morals for forming logical platforms based on fact.  I understand there is a fine line to walk between faith and fact, but I don't think a person has to choose one or the other.  The "smarter people" you refer to have a right to desire evidence to support the belief that God didn't intend homosexual's to marry.  If that evidence comes from the Bible, that is fine, but I guess what I'd like is some flexibility in one's "morals."  I, Left-wing Secularist, read your post and find myself questioning some of your statements you credit to your morality.  I, Left-wing Secularist, would like to know WHY you feel how you feel, where your morals come from, because I feel that I have evidence and "imperical data" to contest the morals you base your argument on.  And I, Left-wing Secularist, feel that I have analiable justification to disregard baseless morals if they don't coincide with mine.  With that said, can you satisfy my curiosity as to why you believe homosexuality is immoral?  I have my own theories, some of which I have expressed, but in the interest of originality, I'll only provide them upon your request.  Long story short, my biggest problem with the argument that homosexuality is immoral (whether right or wrong) is that it means homosexuality is WRONG and homosexuals are WRONG, spawning an attitude that is anti-homosexual which punishes those who had homosexuality thrust upon them whether by biology or development (there are studies that make strong cases for both).  Is that fair?  You say God didn't intend homosexuals to marry, then why were the created?  To be deliberately persecuted by faithful Christians?  Did God intend addiction, physical disability or car accidents?  I don't think that they were spontaneous developments while His holiness stood idly by.  I don't want to question your ideology, maybe just some minor parts, but it's only because I have imperical data from the holiest of books to back me up.  Post on the blog, e-mail me, or talk to me about it because I think it's an important discussion, but know that like Jesus, I'll always love you.  That goes for everyone  Love, Rob  P.S.  Clark's in Atlanta (I don't know why) then Seattle to prep for the next step in her career.  P.P.S  I only pay $6.25 for movies, where the hell is Frank going?