Rob, thank you for bringing up a different topic!  It was getting really repetitive in here!  I think that global warming is a really important topic that doesn't get enough credit.  Again, thanks to "the man" for leaving it alone and letting people forget that it does exist and could cause major problems in the future.    One of the issues is that scientists aren't getting funds to research plausible effects of the increase in carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide in the atmosphere, which has definitely increased over the last twenty years or so.  Just for everyone's knowledge, the movie "The Day After Tomorrow" is pretty much bogus, in terms of the causes of global warming.  The idea that the actual warming of the world would be immediately followed by a global ice age is pretty unrealistic.  But as long as it reminds people of global warming and the problems that it could eventually create, then I'm all for it!But, anyways, not enough of "the governments" money goes into research for global warming and, while the process is irreversible, it would be worthwhile to research how we could slow down the process that we're now heavily involved in.  However, although the issue seems like it would be pretty un-controversial, there are many scientists who actually believe that global warming is not something that humans cause, that it is simply part of the world turning and getting older.    In the last century on the earth's surface (keep in mind that this is on the ground, not in the actual atmosphere), there have been increases of at three degrees Fahrenheit, which may not sound like much, but it's caused the sea level to rise from six inches to about three feet.  Of course the increase in sea level is caused by ice sheets melting from the increase in temperature.  It's all relevant!!!  And, if these changes had taken place over the last thousand years, it really wouldn't be that big of a deal.  Wow, the earth changes....what a concept!  But the fact that over only 100 years so many changes have taken place...well, it's worth getting into.  You guys, please respond to this one.  It's important, and we need to move on from the gay marriage and abortion topics.  I think that everyone has said what needs to be said, and it's time for something else.  Later!  Bethany