I'd have to agree with Natalya on the theme of Self-Reliance and individualism is one UNIQUE theme to American literature and Americans. This is probably the only time I will appear as an American egotistical bigot. But I truely believe that America is a country founded on progressive beliefs, reforming individuals, and revolutionary ideas. Famous Americans of the past had always had an urge for freedom of speech, freedom of expression, and freedom of THINKING. The famous American authors of the past: from founding fathers Jefferson, Franklin, Paine, to Transcendentalists Emerson, Thoreau, to poets Whitman, Dickinson, to realist writers Mark Twain, Faulkner, to muckrackers Tarbell, Steffens and to civil rights activist MLK; they all inspire Americans with the vivid themes of individualism and the interaction between the individual and the society. Many of them of course were all considered radicals just because of their progressive ideas. But they are some of the most brilliant Americans. All of them wanted to, and they did, forever change America for the better. Seriously, in comparison, Chinese classical literature is all about the art of war and at the same time harmony with nature (juxtaposed against each other), and respecting elders, and conforming to society (which of course, many of you know I abhor). Yeah the theme of individualism is a farfetch idea in most of the world.  To truely live up to the American ideal, I believe American citizens have to always strive for the theme of believe in one self, and strive for individual rights, and find one's unique place in the society.  It's when people stop thinking about American literature with the theme of individualism, self reliance, and self-expression, that causes me frustrated. When people stop using brain and thinking about the society with their own unique point of view, and let others make judgements for them, and blindly conforms to the mainstream society, then they've lost the integral value of American individualism. Losing one's unique place in the society fundamentally degrades the morals of human beings, and dictators dreams to have a society of dumb people that blindly conforms to the society. I don't believe that's what America, the land of opportunity, is all about.  Thus................Always think for yourself, and always question all authority.   As always, I welcome all dissagreements (P.S. Dissagreeing is also one element of American individualism).   Thomas Chen.