Beck- I absolutely love you, no seriously, it's like you have been reading my mind, only you are way better in expressing it. I agree that it's funny how we worry about the least important things every day, and if you look at the big picture our lives so unimportant, they can be simply compared to that pile of ants, each ant is so small and what he does is so small, and yet I am sure he thinks that what he is doing is important. I mean, 4 children die every hour from malnutrition... strange, I have been reading Biology for the past hour... 4 children just died... do I feel anything? No. Can I even comprehend the fact that 4 innocent lives just died? Not really. I was watching the news today and they were talking about one of the Italian hostages being killed in Iraq, and I remember thinking: they make such a big deal out of this one death when at the same time there are hundreds, thousands of people dying every day. I think it's simply because we have gotten used to these statistics of how many people are dying in Africa from AIDS and how many have died during the Holocaust.  The horror simply gets saturated and you get used to it, and that's how saw Wiesel's experience as his story extended in the book: the first time he saw babies been thrown into the flames of crematory his reaction was " How could it be possible for them to burn people, children, and for the world to keep silent? No, none of this could be true. It was a nightmare...," compared to the reaction of when his father is taken away to the crematory "I did not weep, and it pained me that I could not weep. But I had no more tears. And, in the depth of my being, in the recesses of my weakened conscience, could I have searched it, I might perhaps have found something like - free at last!" I have heard from many people about Night and everyone said that they cried whenever they read it, but strangely the first time I read the book I didn't shed a tear. I have read many books like this one, I cried reading "The Pianist," and "All Quiet on the W. Front," even "Of Mice and Men" but this one was dry, it felt as if Wiesel was simply stating facts and these facts have been already known and there was simply too much of it and too hard to believe that such things could be true, too saturated with horror.   Paul - it does feel like self-reliance is much more prominent in American literature than in any other. At least drawing on what I know about Russian literature that's the feeling I get. I read A LOT of Russian novels and most have this trend of sorrow, grief and disillusionment with the people and world around, maybe that's why Russians tend to be so "mean," cynical and full or sarcasm. But I think Russian authors are great on analyzing human nature, and our lonely desolate souls; read "Crime and Punishment."  Ryan- you know it's funny how in America everyone simply stands up for himself and takes care of his own private business, but that does leave us lonely and without friends or anyone to talk to. George has to get rid of his burden too in order to be able to go on, but does he need the farm, now that he doesn't have his friend to share it with? Does the old man, Candy, want to go on, now that he lost his dog, his only friend? I think self-reliance and independence are over-rated.