Maybe contrary to a lot of people, I'm reading "Of Mice and Men". The book so far is faring better than it's intro paragraphs, which when I heard Ms.VA read in class today, I thought it would be so boring. But right now it's becoming more and more like a Western Thriller book, with A LOT of Western vernacular language (as oppose to the Southern vernacular language we encountered in Huck Finn). It's easy to relate to that a lot of language directly imitates the coloquial language as people are speaking (non-sensored words). So overall, a comfortable read.  Other than that, I encountered this article:    about some members of the congress are even THINKING of RE-INSTATING the DRAFT.........Utterly sick..........   Yeah anyways, thats a great article, also talks about in December 2003 the United States had 1.44 million troops stationed in 141 countries.  And here is an excerpt from an article from CNN:    CHARLES RANGEL   Democratic Congressman from New York and Korean War vet   Staying the course in Iraq means increasing our troop strength, and, not surprisingly, recruitment and re-enlistment levels are down. But proposed enlistment bonuses and other economic incentives will not make the military any more attractive to upper-middle-class young people. Increasingly we will be a nation in which the poor fight our wars while the affluent stay home.   To correct the disparity among those who serve, South Carolina Senator Fritz Hollings and I have proposed a new draft. All men and women ages 18 to 26 would be eligible for induction once they have completed high school. Those not needed in the military would perform civilian service. Enacting our plan would democratize our armed forces and return to the "citizen soldier" ideal that has served our nation so well.  As a veteran, I strongly believe that fighting for our country must be fairly shared by all racial and economic groups. Nobody wants to go to war, but the burden of service cannot fall only on volunteers who, no matter how patriotic, are attracted to the military for financial reasons. We cannot continue to pretend it is fair that one segment of society makes all the sacrifices.   CHARLES MOSKOS   Professor of sociology at Northwestern University and a former draftee   Our country is facing new kinds of threats and needs a new kind of draft. Even before the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, our military was severely overstretched in fulfilling its missions. But more important, we have done nothing serious about homeland defense in the war against terrorism. We need guards for our nuclear power plants, dams and public facilities. We have done little to create the necessary border patrollers, customs agents and cargo-ship inspectors. Short-term draftees, under professional supervision, could perform these duties admirably. It takes less than four months to train a military police officer—precisely the kind of role most needed in peacekeeping missions and guard duties. This would free up professional soldiers, and it would stop the unprecedented activation of reservists. Their multiple tours have led to demoralization and impending recruitment shortfalls.   We must institute a three-tiered draft system in America, with 15-to-24-month tours of duty for citizens ages 18 to 26. In the new-style draft, conscripts could serve in the military, in homeland security or in a civilian-service program like AmeriCorps—and there is no reason women could not be drafted for the latter categories   JAMES INHOFE   Republican Senator from Oklahoma   I think I'm the only member of the Senate Armed Services Committee who would reinstate the draft. There are huge social benefits that come from it. I can assure you I would not be in the U.S. Senate today if I had not gone through the draft. When I look at the problems of some of our kids in America nowadays and then I go visit the troops, I see what a great benefit it is to give people the opportunity to serve their country.   I was drafted into the Army in January 1957 and served two years as an enlisted man. I gained a new outlook on life through the rigors of basic training. The military can have a more intense influence on soldiers when they are drafted and have no choice. I developed a sense of patriotism through the experience of serving my country. I'm not on a crusade, but I think today's youth could use more of that type of discipline.