As the year winds down, I want to give some love to the class, especially everyone that posts.  We've had some good times, and I think it would be both mentally beneficial as well as fun to continue blog participation through the summer.  Pat, your essay was inspiring.  I'll be interested to see how the follow-through manifests itself this summer.  Look forward to raisin some philanthropic funds at the fireworks tent across from Blackjack.  To all you potential fireworks buyers this July, Support The Fort!  Blackjack has some good advertising and stuff, but it's run by some weird ass people, I know from experience.  Natalya, I hope your experience doesn't support the thesis you've generated from TEWWG.  I won't deny that some fellas have very rigid beliefs as to how a woman deserves to be treated, but don't let that discourage any of you fine young women.  There are plenty of GOOD guys to go around.  A little format note; I've always wondered how publishing companies created the extended dash, but I've figured it out!  (I have a bloody iMac, so I'm not sure about this on Windows, but...)  Holding the option key and shift key, pressing the button in between the 0 and = key produces the punctuation I've long looked for: — (compared to -).  This makes me so happy!  My essay I wrote easily in one sitting.  It was nice to forego a certain amount of literary analysis and focus on personal response because I felt like I was able to get something off my chest.  I'll post it if desired, but it's more or less a more personal extension of the post with the long quote.  Lastly (this is a very quick-moving post), the Harry Potter story line is nothing new.  The classic series'; Chronicles of Narnia, Lord of the Rings, and even Star Wars have taken the theme of the conflict between Good and Evil and given it a different setting.  The story lines each include some standard elements of personal struggle and sacrifice, making the story quite predictable, yet gripping nonetheless.  For example, Luke Skywalker must resist the Dark Side of the Force, Frodo frequently expresses the grip he knows the ring has on him, and even Harry Potter fought with himself in his choice of House, ultimately siding against Slytherin's beckoning promise of power.  I could make a pretty good guess to the end of the series because they all end very similarly, but I will NOT stop reading them till Voldemort is contained and Harry graduates (or maybe he dies in sacrifice, that OCCASIONALLY happens, but I doubt it in this instance).  The key to writing a successful series is the ability to weave reader interaction into a story as Rachel addressed, and equally important, putting a unique spin on the fantastic setting.  To reiterate, I love you all  Love, Rob