I don't know about the rest of you, but I would like to read some of the other papers that students have written to see different perspectives on the topics.  I will share mine, it was based on The Great Gatsby, and I chose the second prompt that concerned how the book has influenced our beliefs....read mine but I would   really   like to read others papers so please share.  A Positive Influence on My Beliefs  	I have been raised to believe in the importance of Christian values that have shaped me into the moral person I am today.  After reading The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald and encountering the degradation of values concerning upper-class society in the 1920’s, I have been influenced to strengthen my moral values. 	Fitzgerald’s novel is portrayed through a description of two wealthy Long Island communities where the center of attention is the Gatsby mansion where “The Great Gatsby” holds his famous parties where Fitzgerald focuses his novel on the characters of Tom and Daisy Buchanan and Nick Carraway(the narrator).  Fitzgerald uses the beliefs of these characters to mock and show the beliefs of 1920’s upper-class society. 	Jay Gatsby is an “Oxford man” who, after fighting in World War I becomes fabulously wealthy through criminal business to pursue his love-Daisy Buchanan.  Gatsby is portrayed as a mysterious figure who everyone admires for his extravagant amount of wealth.  Gatsby’s attitude toward money is shown in a quote that is taken from a flashback on Gatsby’s life stating  “To young Gatz, resting on his oars and looking up at the railed deck, that yacht represented all the beauty and glamor in the world.”  The authors reasoning for showing the materialistic attitude is for the reader to make the connection of how money can corrupt one’s thinking.  Gatsby, like many other characters in the novel, is so engrossed in wealth that it seems to be the sole thing that gives him satisfaction in his life.  	Gatsby’s obsession with wealth is nothing compared to the attitude of Daisy Buchanan, a longtime lover of Gatsby.  Daisy Buchanan is not interested in love, but completely in material possessions.  Daisy’s attitude is best described in a quote when Daisy is admiring en extensive collection of Gatsby’s shirts.  She states,  “They’re such beautiful shirts,’ she sobbed, her voice muffled in thick folds.  ‘It makes me sad because I’ve never seen such-such beautiful shirts before.”  Fitzgerald is able to portray a multitude of character insights in this small quote.  First and foremost Fitzgerald is depicting Daisy as a fool for being so engrossed in a collection of shirts.  Also, the author gives insight as to what Daisy’s true love is-wealth.  Daisy married her husband Tom because he had money, not because she loved him as a person.  Tom knows what Daisy’s true love is, and in response began an affair with a woman in the city.  Fitzgerald uses Daisy’s attitude and the relationship between Tom and Daisy to show the corrupt beliefs of upper-class marriages during this time period.  Fitzgerald is saying that upper-class marriages weren’t based upon love-but two selfish people getting what they, without regard to morals. 	While most the characters are immersed in materialism, Nick Carraway has contrasting beliefs.  Nicks beliefs are based upon morals, not money.  In the end of the novel, Nick makes the decision to move away from the upper-class society of the East, and move back to the Midwest where morality is more important than money.  Nick describes his decision when saying “...the East was haunted for me like that, distorted beyond my eyes’ power of correction.  So when the blue smoke of brittle leaves was in the air and the wind blew the wet laundry on the line I decided to come back home.”  Nick makes a decision to get away from what he knows will influence him and eventually corrupt his beliefs. 	Through analyzing the beliefs of these characters, my own personal beliefs have been influenced greatly.  Fitzgerald’s portrayal of a corrupt upper-class society made me realize that I am so very fortunate and that I take for granted the wealth that I am immersed in.  I am far from a Daisy Buchanan, but am still caught up in material possessions from time to time.  After reading this book, I am sickened that the upper-class in this book wasted their lives living a life where they were unable to love one another normally because they were so greatly influenced by material possessions.  What is the point in having an extravagant shirt collection?  Where is the need to host a party every weekend that leads to a myriad of people being plastered with alcohol.  It is a complete waste that I don’t ever want to be a part of.   I have developed such strong beliefs from reading this book that instead of spending my money on upgrading my car this summer, it will go towards something useful.  I am so very glad I read this book, for it opened my eyes to what is really important in life and that is not possessions, it is giving back when I have the ability to share my wealth. 	 SO THERES MY PAPER.......WHAT DO Y'ALL THINK?