HAL: That stuff about the drunken slob was comedy gold.  I miss all the good stuff.  If you join us at Khan's today, I'd like to hear more stories from the trenches.  I have a confession to make.  I'm a  Super Mario Sunshine  junkie.  Yes.  I need to clean out the closet on this as it's gotten out of hand.  Ever since playing the demo for the new Nintendo Gamecube game, featuring everyone's favortie mustachioed plumber, I knew I needed to have it for myself.  I plotted, I schemed and somehow I convinced my girlfriend that along with a new entertainment center, desk, and chair for our townhouse, our new home wouldn't be complete unless we had a Gamecube and the Super Mario game.  We bought it yesterday.  Sweet Christ.  I should've known this would happen.  Now, since I don't watch a lot of TV, I whittle my idle hours playing video games.  The wit of Seinfeld escapes me.  I want Frasier dead.  Don't get me started on American Idol.  Televised sports?  Sorry friends...no.  I'm almost 30 and a guy, so I usually play video games with guns and cars and all kinds of mayhem.  Not this time.  I'm a chubby plumber chasing mushroom-headed little guys, collecting coins, and spraying plants with water.  If you were to stand outside my apartment door, you'd hear the Super Mario music, the noise it makes when he jumps and the 'ching, ching' of collecting items needed to free the princess or whatever the hell it is I'm supposed to do.  Help me.  I was tired last night.  My girlfriend went to bed around 9pm and I should've followed suit.  It was hot and miserable and I really could've used the sleep.   Getting the 8th red coin could've waited until a more reasonable hour.  I mean...I own the machine and game.  It's not like it's going anywhere.  At around 12:30am...I crawled into bed: red-eyed, sweaty and jumpy.  I must've looked like a crack addict.  I woke up this morning thinking of excuses to not come into work today.  Did I want to take care of some errands that needed taking care of?  No.  Did I have an appointment?  No.  Was I thinking I could catch up on writing my book?  No.  I wanted to play the stupid game.  Damn you Mario.