I just had the most terrifying experience.  I visited the link Panda put on there.  That Peter Pan guy frightens the living shit out of me.    I was going to post the following little Halloween story on Soft Drink, but since it's collapse, I've got no choice but to put it here.  Sorry. -----  Holly-ween   In October of 1996, I moved from Minnesota to California to pursue a career working in film and what-not.  At the time, I was married, but my uh...wife wasn't going to move out until November.  I basically had a month to 'set-up' camp.  After struggling for a week without work, I landed a job working on the set of Dante's Peak.  It was a crappy volcano movie...you don't remember it.  Since I was alone and had nary a friend, some clowns at work invited me to a Halloween party.  I thought:  Sure.  I can rub elbows with some big shots and maybe get in good for the next film crew they set up.   Of course I needed a costume and I didn't have one.  Time to hit the stores.  I bought a nun costume.  I know it's lame to do nowadays, but back then I had a real thing about being religious people.  I've been Moses (complete with Ten Commandments) Jesus Christ, and a nun.  But I wasn't going to be any ordinary nun.  No sir.  I bought some additional accessories for my get-up.  Once I was back at my dumpy apartment, I got dressed for the big night.  I hit the streets dressed as a cigar-smoking nun wearing combat boots, wearing an eyepatch and sporting a tommy gun.  It was so cool, and I looked so stupid.  I drove way out into the valley to go to this party and since I'd only been there a couple weeks anyway, it wasn't an easy chore to find.  Luck was on my side and I got there in full effect.  I saw the costumes other people were wearing and I smacked myself in the forehead.  I worked with the Special FX department at Digital Domain and EVERYONE was wearing really elaborate costumes.  It made me want to cry.  I looked like a cheap, stocky nun with shitty accessories.  Shame on me.  The only way to get over this, of course, was to drink.  So I drank.  And drank.  And driz-ank.  Sometime over the course of the evening, I befriended a crippled pirate and exchanged quips with a docile Frankenstein's Monster. (it's true! click   HERE ) I was out of my skull drunk.  Take how drunk HAL was at Pandyland Burrito Jamboree and multiply it by 8.  I was drunk.  I could smell booze coming out of my pores.  People were holding their mugs beneath my sweaty nun robes to fill their cups.  Drunk.  I had such a great time, I must've sat down to absorb the atmosphere.  The whole party was outside on a patio decortated all spooky-like.  I sat in a lawn chair and laughed, shot people with my fake gun and had a blast.  Cut to tomorrow morning.  I woke up and I had no idea where I was.  I was sitting in someone's backyard on a rickety lawn chair.  I looked down and saw that I was wearing a black dress and had some kind of dumb scarf thing on my head.  On my lap was a plastic cigar.  In one hand, I held onto an empty plastic cup that smelled like beer.  In the other hand, I was gripping a plastic Thompson machine gun.  What in the sweet name of Christ happened to me?  The sun was out, there was dew on the grass and I had no idea where I was or how I'd gotten there.  The Halloween party had been taken down and no one bothered to wake me up. I promptly stood up, staggered through the stranger's lawn and began to look for my car.  Best Halloween ever, man.  HAPPY HALLOWEEN Pandyland!!!