Pandyland Burrito Jamboree (PBJ1 - to those in the know):   Would You Rather  read a really long post about the PBJ1 or be forced to read bunghole for a week?  Where to begin...  The  Beatnik Chicken ? The  Flavor Twists ?  CK 2's Cocktail ?  No, I think we all know where we have to begin...the  Jig Off!   Like all official competitions that take place on Lyndale avenue after bar, our jig off need a judge and got one:   Jig Judge Gino .  HAL jigged. Panda jigged. C...e jigged.  Gino studied the jigs intensely (too intensely?) and picked HAL as the winner.  So, for those of you scoring at home, the winner of the First (annual? semi-annual?  monthly?)  Pandyland Burrito Jamboree Jig Off  was HAL (for the record, DJS and your humble narrator did not compete).  I think Gino kissed HAL, but I'm not sure.  Gino shared his  Flavor Twists  with all PBJ1 attendees who were daring enough to eat them.  Then, the ever cool (and primarily toothless) Gino declined our offer to go on and on until the break of dawn because, to quote  Jig Judge Gino  directly  "I'm fittin' to go home and smoke me some weed."  Does he know that marijuana is contraband listed among the items prohibited by our state's controlled substances statute?  Who knew we were partying with a miscreant?  But wait it gets worse...  We take the party over to  Super Big Mike's Subs  or whatever the phuck it's called and it was too lame to tame so we go to Dulono's for some pie (except your ambitious author who had the grilled cheese), and our waiter memorized the orders for the entire table (including beverages, toppings, and everything).  We declare:   "he's a genius,"  and he replies  "no, I just smoke a lot of pot."   Is it me, or is the entire nation on the wacky tobacky?  A  Beatnik Chicken  watched and  Simon and Garfunkel  provided (inaudible - no amped music after 12:00) background music to the meal.  But, before I poo poo the Stoner Nation, the criminal world, I must report that the Pandyland crew pulled a couple of  PBJ1 Capers :  Your earnest secretary stole  CK2's Cocktail  glass from the  Country Bar  and DJS (a patriot if ever there was one) stole his  American Flag Glass  from Dulono's.  He claims it was their fault for putting the flag on it.  Frankly, I agree.  But I haven't mentioned the  Country Bar  at all:  The Karaoke master was a limp dicked nobody.  We were surrounded by freaks.  One guy came up to the table and asked DJS  "Do you have any reps at this table?"   We still don't know what the phuck that means.  DJS said "no."  Another guy, after singing Snoop Dogg covers thirteen or fourteen times, challenged DJS's assertion that there was no God (because what God would deny us the mic when others had it all night long?) by saying  "look around you - God created this."   Then, as proof that God  is  real, and really does create stuff,  DJS Got the Mic , and I assure you God was in him while he brought the hizzy dizzy with his holy spirit filled rendition of Bon Jovi's  You Give Love a Bad Name .  He really brought the house down (all the way down).  Now, to end with the quotes of the night (in no particular order.  I asked Gino to judge, them and he said "man, cough...cough...cough...they are all...like...beautiful man.  It would be like...cough...wrong to judge man.").  So here they are:  "Come to Milwaukee!"  Hmmm...PBJ 2? "Are we going to Gino's or what?" "I want the dick." "Gonorrhea all the way." "Would you rather...?" "I can't run, I have a cocktail in my pants." "Would you pass me a niz-ap-kin?"  All in all, PBJ1 was a HUGE success.