Speaking of freakish neighbors...I have a few of my own.  In the last 6 months, my apartment management company opened up our building to dog-owners.  Now don't get me wrong - I'm completely pro dog.  But when you put a massive dog like a rottweiler in a studio apartment, terrible things are bound to happen...things that make me want to strangle the mutts.  Take for instance the Spanish-speaking woman (I will call her Lola)  two  doors down from me.  I no longer need an alarm clock.  Lola leaves at 7:30 sharp every morning.  That happens to be the time I get up for work.  That also happens to be the time the dog becomes possessed by the devil.  I have no desire to find out if its bark is worse than its bite.  I'm convinced the dog has been trained to kill...he  screams  when Lola leaves.  I've already left one complaint to our management company and my neighbor right next to me (let's call her Bonnie) has left 4 complaints.  Last night Bonnie knocked on my door.  She said Lola has now complained about HER to our landlord...Lola's mad because she said Bonnie has been knocking on her door and harassing her (Of course Bonnie had just wanted to tell Lola to shut up her dog, and Lola never even answered the door.)  I told Bonnie I would be happy to vouch for her that Lola's dog is a complete menace.  Bonnie then informed me she's in law school and "[Lola] has made the wrong person mad."  Whatever.  Then there are these 2 dudes (I call them dudes because to call them "men" would be laughable) across the hall from me.  They both look like Jay of Silent Bob & Jay fame and they listen to old Pearl Jam albums all day long.  (How do these people afford rent?)  Seems rather appropriate since they are living in the apartment that Bill, the former resident and local drug dealer, lived.  (Refer to Pandyland archives.)  They have a huge dog as well - I'd call it a mix between a boxer and a rottweiler.  Mean, mean, mean.  He sniffed my butt the other day.  Now I'm getting sexually harassed by a dog.  Great.  Just another reason I can't wait to find a job and get the heck out of Chi-town.  Maybe I could do what this one guy on Michigan Ave was doing the other day.  He was all dressed up in a snow suit, and looked relatively normal.  Except for the fact he was carrying skis, wearing ski boots, and holding a "Keystone, Colorado or BUST!" sign and a bucket to gather donations.  Wow, he must  really  like to ski.