Marry Chirstmas   Yep, yep...'tis true.  I'm gonna get myself married within the next year or so, hopefully.  Here's how it went down:  A couple o' weeks ago, Laura had a dream that she didn't want to tell me about.  Of course, I bullied her into telling me anyway, figuring it was going to involve Justin Timberlake in some way, shape or form.  It didn't.  Instead, she said that she dreamt that she got a little red box for Christmas.  Since we decided that we were going to get each other anything (since we just bought our townhouse and such together) I broke the news to her that a little red box wasn't really in the cards.  She knew that and explained that was why she felt dumb bringing it up.  Meanwhile, the tiny wheels in my head spun.  On Monday, she wasn't feeling well, but being the work-a-holic that she is, decided to go into work anyway.  We drove together and since it was slow and she didn't have much to do and felt considerably worse, we went home.  Both of us.  I dropped her off so she could fire herself right into bed and I decided to go out and do a bit o' Christmas shopping.  I went to the Maplewood Mall and spent a gift certificate CK2 had gotten for me only hours earlier (for those at home keeping score, I bought the Back to the Future Trilogy on DVD) and on my way home an idea hit me.  I needed to get Laura a card for X-mas.  What was near the Hallmark in Woodbury?  Yes, friends.  The Shane Co.  I went in, saw THE ONE RING, called it 'my precious' and I was on my merry, or marry way.  I planned to give it to her in Mankato at a big family function, so I needed to carry it with me, so's I could spring it on her.  In case you were wondering, yes...it was wrapped in red.  At my parents house, my brother bought his girlfriend some earrings wrapped in an IDENTICAL box.  For a second, I thought someone had found my package and set it on the counter.  I almost shit eggrolls.  Anyway, long story short, I decided to wait until we got home to propose.  I put the ring in an antique box next to the fireplace and hinted that Santa Claus might've come whilst we were in Mankato.  She thought I was a dork and went upstairs.  After much hinting and urging, I finally got her to go downstairs and look in her shittin' stocking.  I got her some dumb stuff like an N'Sync import album, Pretty In Pink on DVD, some of those Harry Potter jellybeans, etc.  She scolded me for getting her gifts when we decided not to.  As she went to hang her stocking back up, I got on my knee near my antique box and I said, "Oh...I think there's one more."  She said, "What're you doing?"   I handed her the red lil' package and she opened the sucker up.  I was kind of nervous, but I managed a 'Do you think you'd want to marry me?"  She said yes.  Best...Christmas...EVER.