BEST FILMS OF 2002   1.  Lord Of The Rings: The Two Towers  - Okay, so I've already gushed about it, but it's quite simply one of the best movies ever.  I haven't been this excited for a movie series since I was a lil' shaver waiting for part 2 of Star Wars.  Yep.  It's that big to me, and this is coming from the dork who still has all of his Star Wars guys and a talking Yoda on his desk.  Was it really 3 hours?  Wow...I could've stuck around for 2 more hours...no problem.  2.  Signs  - Yeah, ol' Night M. Shamalamadingdong let me down a bit with his previous effort 'Unbreakable' but I was willing to give the cat another try.  Glad I did, because Signs ended up being one of the most intense movies I've seen in some time.  Yeah, the guy thinks he's the next Hitchcock and ends up using his 'but-wait-until-you-see-the-end-and-how-it-all-ties-together' gimmick, but friends...it works.  One of the most fun films I've seen in some time.  3.  Road to Perdition  - I'm a sucker for a good Sam Mendes flick...what can I say?  The guys got chops, baby.  From 'American Beauty' to this dark little number.  I'm sold, suckerhead.  Here's my legal tender.  Nothing quite like seeing Tommy Hanks in a bad guy role and seeing a crazy-as-all-getout ugly Jude Law working his silver screen magic.  If you haven't seen it...do it.  4.  The Good Girl  - I didn't want to see this, but I somehow got roped into it.  Damn...I'm glad I did.  As you may or may not know, I don't waste my 'precious' (the quotes are for you, HAL) time on TV, so I really never cared for any of the 'Friends' gang, but I'll be dashed if Jenny Aniston isn't a top-drawer actress.  Not the chick-flick I expected at all.  There were several moments when I just couldn't believe what was happening.  The movie wasn't designed to make you comfortable, but I think that's why I dug it so much.  5.  Bowling for Columbine  - I don't think I need to stress how much this movie has changed me.  What started as a huge mistrust of fear-generating news programs has turned to all out hatred.  I will never watch the news the same way again and I think ol' Chuck Heston and Rich Clark are a couple of the biggest celebrity assholes I've ever come across.  While I don't necessarily agree with everything Mikey Moore comes up with, I have a huge amount of respect for him.  If he released one of these types of flicks every year, I'd be in line to slap down some green.  I went and saw this with my dad...he's an instant Moore-fan.