5; Disappointed; Low Post   My top five for the year (I spent all weekend thinking about it):  5.   Jack Johnson  -  Brushfire Fairytales  -  soulful, mellow, deceptively complex, funky, memorable, all around excellent with only one or two songs that are only slightly above-average instead of awesome.  4.   N*E*R*D*  -   In Search of ...- "one day (one day) when I get older (oh-old-uh).  I'll start a family, get a job and go be a voter (vo-oh-tuh)."  Need I say more?  Warning:  for dirty dogs only.  3.   The Strokes  -  Is This It  - Pure rock and roll, I KNOW I will be listening to this years from now, and hey, it's not their fault they are the next big thing.  2.   Red Hot Chili Peppers  -  By the Way  - flawless, complex, funk/R&B, bold, experimental, confident, risk taking, mellow, intense, well-produced, all the things you would expect from musicians who have been around as long as some of the Peppers have been around.  A long disc that never grows tedious and in another time(...say pre-corporate radio) would have spawned at least 6 radio hits (maybe 7).  1.   Coldplay  -  A Rush of Blood to the Head  - Not one flaw.  Not one.  "God put a smile upon my face" by making music like this possible.  Flawless.  Sublime.  Everything:  religion, sex, ecstasy, heartache, redemption and good sangin'.  Best single of the year:   Tear  by  Red Hot Chili Peppers .  Worth the price of the disc.  You will all think I am a mellow nerd when you hear it (it has a horn section interlude), but it has all the climatic charm of a slow building "o" and all the lingering power of being left high and dry, if you could somehow be thankful for the experience and want to do it over and over again; I played this at work about 25 times in a row one day.  It's addictive like heroine (or so I'm told...but I digress).  Biggest disappointment of the year:   Elvis Costello's  -  When I Was Cruel  - as a fan, perhaps I expected too much; but with the exception of a couple of tracks, it is completely forgettable and average.  I missed my Pandyland brothers and sisters last week.  Sorry for the low post.