I’ve actually seen Panda do a duet of “Up Where We Belong” and I have to tell you – it was truly inspiring.   In other news, I am taking a class on Tuesday nights. I’m not giving out the name of the place because I want to tell you about some of the people in my class. And I would feel horrible if they knew I was discussing their quirks on the Internet. Not that they would somehow stumble onto Pandyland, realize I am talking about them, and figure out who I am. But still -- I have paranoia issues.   Back to my story – I’m starting to think that this undisclosed organization plants people in their classes in order to boost the confidence of the other students. Because my class has two that are somewhat questionable.   It’s a freelance writing class, so on the first day we did the usual interview-the-person-sitting-next-to-you thing. You’d think that in a room full of potential reporters, you’d get some pretty straight facts. Not the case with the guy sitting next to me – while introducing me, he went on about how I am there to pursue an advanced degree, and how I publish a journal about insurance and issues relating to insurance, etc. etc.   Neither of these things came out of my mouth – I’m definitely not there to pursue an advanced degree because, well, they don’t grade you on the classes and don’t actually offer any degrees. I did say that I do employee newsletters for an insurance company, so I guess I do see how he could confuse that with an insurance “journal.” But the nature of what I write for work involves very little objective research – just a lot of “pat Bob on the back because he sold a huuuuuuuuge policy!!!! AOW!!!!!”   Still, this guy pales in comparison to the lady who I shall now refer to only as “Crazy Lady.”   On the first day she apologized for being 45 minutes late and having to leave an hour early – our class is two hours long. This week, our assignment was to get writer’s guidelines from publications we’d like to write for. It’s a pretty simple task, all it involves is a few minutes on the internet or a few minutes to fill out the addresses on a couple of envelopes. Not a big deal.   When we got around the room to her, she said she didn’t do the assignment – and that, quite frankly, she didn’t realize this was going to be so much work. When asked who she’d like to write for she said – “I didn’t really think about it. I don’t know. I guess  National Geographic . It’s always been my dream to be a photographer for  National Geographic .” Which doesn’t exactly explain why she’s in a freelance  writing  class...but hey, whatever works.  Finally, last night there was a reception for some grant winners going on outside the door of our classroom. We all joked around about mingling during break time – but really, we were joking. Crazy Lady, apparently, was not. She came back from break with a glass of wine.   So anyways…those are my stories…for now. I’m sure I will tell more later.