Since we're coming up on the end of the year, why don't we start a series of BEST of 2002 lists?  We can do one a week until the end o' the year.  This week:  BEST 5 CDs of 2002  in no particular order.  1.  N.E.R.D  -  In Search Of...  These guys are all over the map.  One part R&B dance-y music, another part lyric mischief.  Not only are their songs catchy, very well produced and delicious, but they're pretty damn funny.  It's refreshing to listen to music that doesn't take itself so seriously.   Relax girl...sip some of my slurpee...   2.  Lo Fidelity All Stars  -  Don't Be Afraid Of Love  Yeah they're sort of a house/dance/techno band...but they're so much more.  After the loss of their lead singer (yes, they sing, too) the future looked bleak for the Lo-Fis.  No worries, mate.  Their newest effort is solid.  Rock solid.  If you're going on a road trip and you need a kick-ass soundtrack to drive to, scoop this one up.  3.  The White Stripes  -  White Blood Cells   So I've already sung their praises and I've only owned the CD a day and a couple hours.  If I've already listened to it like 8 times, does that tell you something?  I like their whole gimmick, too...pretending they're brother and sister when they're really ex-spouses.  Am I icky if I say I think Meg White is kind of cute in a gothy, creepy girl way?  Methinks no.  4.  EELS  -  Souljacker  Okay, so I learned about these guys backwards, buying their newest CD and working my way back.  Shit...I even bought a burrito for HAL in exchange for their debut album.  Well worth every inch of tortilla.  Their newest (and consequently my oldest) effort is a kick in the mouth of crazy-ass beats, sound lyrics and mouth-watering rhythm.  C'mon...in the first song entitled 'Dog Faced Boy' the chorus is...  Ma won't shave me, Jesus can't save me...  Pure bearded genius.  5.  Emiliana Torrini  -  Love In The Name Of Science  Well...technically this CD came out in 1999, but I got it late last year and...well, I still can't get enough of it.  She's from Iceland (big bonus!) and I saw her open up for Dido at the Xcel Energy Center.  Considering she didn't have much in the way of a set-up for playing such a huge venue, I was totally blow away by her.  One part Bjork and one part Dido is the best way to descibe it and that still doesn't give her justice.  Anyway...not an easy album to find, I had to bribe the woman at Tower Records in Philidelphia to sell me her copy...but well worth the effort.