Pandymonium in Pandyland?   Okay now wait a minute.  As a U2 fan and a Bjork fan (even a Sugarcubes fan), I have to come in and stop this insanity.   Bono is an artist.  For that matter, in my opinion, anyone who creates anything is an artist.  If you make shitty clay ashtrays, you are an artist.  Let's recognize him as such.  But more than that, in my opinion (and I recognize these things are subjective), he is an  exceptional  artist.  To me, his contribution is more in poetry than in quality of voice.  Though he may not have Bjork's multi-insturment gifts, you have to give him credit for a wide variety of lyrics that put him in a category that most artists can only dream of.  He has been anthemic, soulful, silly, subtle, profane, and his portrayals of America (and I hope this does not overstate it) remind me, for their realism and love, of Nabakov's  Lolita .  His lyrics touch on religion, politics, love, history, struggle, pop culture, man, everything.  And think of all the banal lyrics there are today.  Think of how hard it is to be inventive and to go outside of yourself.  Think how hard it is to create before millions for twenty years, knowing that some people love you and never want you to change, but that change is required if you are going to be on the scene for that long.    Also, we really must not fault him for his political actions.  It is, IMHO, always wrong to chide people for trying to make the world better.  He is high profile, and everything he does will get attention, so all of his actions will seem self-serving to an extent, but considered against the alternative - doing nothing - I hope he continues to speak out even though it means he will be criticized.  Now for Bjork.  She is an artist of the highest order.  Her musicianship is genius.  Her lyrics are sublime, and the combination is breathtaking.  What she wears, why she hits people, her strange videos, they are all a function of her genius.  And I would totally date her anytime ever.  Wifey has already given me permission.    I guess what I am saying is that these things are usually subjective, but should never be an "either or proposition."  Also, there should never be a compeition.  Who is the better artist is always a silly question.  However, who would you rather sleep with is not.  And for me, it is Bjork (it's close, but Bjork edges out Bono because I've seen her nude and she is easier to visualize).