Bringing everyone down.    1. As a child, who was your favorite superhero/heroine? Why?   Yoda.  I’m not sure why he was such a prominent figure in my childhood social circle… probably had a lot to do with the fact that he talked/looked funny.  We used to spend a lot of time around the pond behind my parents house, and there was a place there that we called “Yoda’s Bathroom”.  I don’t know why we gave him a bathroom, and no one else.  I also don’t know why we didn’t give him things like a bedroom, or a kitchen.  But I’m sure it made sense at the time.    2. What was one thing you always wanted as a child but never got?   Grandparents.  They all died when I was pretty young.  I’m often told that I’m like my dad’s mother, which makes me happy and sad - she died before I was born.  The thing is, a relative inevitably tells me a story about when she was scamming or pawning something, or when she confronted some strange kid about being a “greedy little bastard”, or her habit of talking to paintings on the wall as if they were her (dead) sisters.  Then that person says, “You remind me a lot of her”.  I’ve got a lot to look forward to.  This reminds me, earlier this week I was watching a “morning program” and they were showing this piece about a little kid (about 4?) who’s favorite thing to do (aside from suction-cupping things to his stomach) is to take helium balloons to a nearby hillside and “send them to” his dead grandma.  She died when he was 2 years old, so he doesn’t even really remember her.  I just lost it.   3. What's the furthest from home you've been?  Literally… Prague?  Figuratively… probably when I slept over at a friend’s house and her dad came home drunk and a little belligerent, so we hid upstairs.  It was apparently something she was really used to and I was really not used to.   4. What's one thing you've always wanted to learn but haven't yet?   To keep the old trap shut.   5. What are your plans for the weekend?  Gearing up for a week away - I’m a “nester” so I like preparation.  That aside, social highlights include bowling/karoke Saturday and a church-shopping expedition on Sunday.