And the dark horse...     1. As a child, who was your favorite superhero/heroine? Why?    I liked Spiderman.  I think the fact that he was a kid who got bitten by a spider was cool to me when I was a little.  My brother on the otherhand, liked the Hulk the best.  Maybe it was little brother syndrome...then again, he was also pretty fond of Wonder Woman too.  I never did get the Spiderman underoos, but got a nice olive drab set of Yoda ones.    2. What was one thing you always wanted as a child but never got?    A BB gun.  I had an uncle who got me this scarecrow dart gun set where you shot these rubber sucker-darts at this plastic scarecrow who exploded if you shot him in the chest.  It had other targets, too, but...you know.  We played with it for one day and it mysteriously disappeared, guns and all.  I always wanted to get a BB gun so I could go out and hunt stuff in the backyard.  Never got one...that is, until my brother bot me a BB handgun a couple years ago.  By then, I didn't want to hunt.  Figures.    3. What's the furthest from home you've been?   When I lived in Los Angeles for 9 months.  It was pretty hard for me and my family.  While I loved living there and working in the industry that I did, it was weird not having the people I was really close with nearby.  When my brother and his girlfriend visited, I felt bad.  I couldn't visit with him for very long and when he left I cried like a little bitch.  Like real hard sobs...or like the Scottish would say: I was greetin' like a bairn.    4. What's one thing you've always wanted to learn but haven't yet?    How to play a musical instrument.  I had a bass guitar years ago and played the damn thing once.  My 'band' and I recorded our first song, the instrumental 'Burning Down the Ghetto' and that was pretty much the end of it.  I did get an acoustic guitar over a year ago, but I haven't had a chance to learn to play it yet.  I did make some effort, however.  I bought a 'The Complete Idiots Guide to Playing the Guitar.'  How sad is it that I still don't know how to play the thing?    5. What are your plans for the weekend?    Going bowling with some friends and their little daughters and then eating.  Heading out to dirty ol' Mankato so I can look at the place where we're having the reception and also to check out some other potential photographers.  Of all the details I'm the most picky about, it's the picture-takers.  We saw one guy who just took them with a regular camera and get this: let's you keep the negatives.  No thanks, pally.  They looked like any retarded cousin could've taken the shots.  Let's just say I've been put in charge of who does our pictures.  Sunday I work at the bookstore and I plan to work on getting my stuff ready to submit to publishers/agents.