Ball of confusion That's what the world is today Hey Hey  So last night, I get home from work thinking there is going to be this great anniversary celebration (what is the second anniversary anyway?  Tin?  Paper?  Cash?  I think it is cotton or china) and I find my wife drunk on Grain Belt Premium singing that Dave Edmunds song: "I Knew the Bride When She Used to Rock and Roll" out of key at the top of her lungs.  All I can think is "Geez, I've got 5 more years of this crap?"  She passed out while I was reading her my romantic anniversary poem (called "Anniversary 2, Electric Boogaloo - Two Dirty Limericks to Honor Our Anniversary").  I ended up watching a bad video tape (static, cut off before the end) of the Emmys - how about that  Everybody Loves Raymond , huh?  Anyway, it was not the anniversary I imagined:  some celebration.    I guess that's only funny for people who know my wife.  For those that don't, I have never seen her drunk, but she cannot say the same of me (hiccup).  Stoner, quit your job and hit the road Kerouac style.  Title your book "On the Road Again."  Make it stream of consciousness.  You'll need an oil change (every 3,000 miles) for your (quiet) Toyota.  Maps, and lots of drugs (preferably hallucinogens, but maybe Ecstacy to make it a version for the new millenium).  Of course, you'll need corporate sponsors (a certain large national bank comes to mind).    But, Stoner, mainly I wanted to say this:  in the words of Bachman Turner Overdrive (BTO to those in the know) I'm burnin', I'm burnin', I'm burnin' for you:  tonight.  Expect delivery tomorrow after work.  PB:  I'm am the world's biggest Cheesecake fan.  I also had a non-traditional wedding cake at my wedding - Kranzakake (Norwegian snack cake for holidays and weddings) - and either it was a big hit or everyone lied and said that it was.  Don't invite me to your wedding (my wife has problems with the sauce), but save me a piece of cake.  DJS - sorry about lunch today. What's the haps for tomorrow?  Buh-Ree-To? Lemmeknow. When are we having our Pandyland Burrito Jamboree?  HAL - let's shop soon, but not for shoes.  Billygoat - what gives, too gruff to post?