Moses was right, I need to do this -     1. What is the one thing you don't like about your body?  Is there anyone out there who has only one thing they don’t like about their body?  Alright, I’ll go with my midget-jaw.  It’s far too small (or the rest of my face is far too big), and because of that, I don’t like my face in profile, at all.    2. What are two things you love about your body?   I finally have an appreciation for my height (for the record, the last time I checked I am somewhere between 5’10’’ and 5’11’’).  I had a hard time with it in adolescence, but now I don’t mind it when people ask me to grab something off the high shelf at Target.  It’s also a major foundation of my faith, as when I was a youg’n I literally used to pray to God that I would not be 6’ tall or taller.  The exception is that I’m still not used to the really weird comments (among several odd experiences, I’ve had a stranger inform me that I’m lucky I’m so tall, because no man will lie to me, as he has to look me in the eye) that I get.  I’m also a fan of my feet, which explains my shoe and pedicure expense problems.   3. What are three things you want to change about your home?   I don’t like many of the people in our building, including, but not limited to:  the freaks across the hall, the loud bastards below us, and the weird, haggard, drifter-type guy who lives somewhere else in the building.  I miss having a garbage shoot like I did in my old building (much more convenient for refuse-removal), and finally, I miss having a garbage disposal (also a convenience in refuse removal).    4. What are four books you want to read this year?   I don’t plan that far in advance.  But I would like to finish the 6 or so books that I have partially-read.    5. What are five promises you have kept to yourself?  Wow, I’m not nearly that well thought-out.  Nor am I much of a goal-setter.  I have promised myself that I will never drink that much again, but then broken that promise.  I would like to travel to all 50 states in my lifetime (so far, about 30 are down).  It would also be neat to go to each continent (excepting Antarctica).  I’ve only done 2 of those.  I better get on that.