Prologue:   Let me start by saying that I like Pandyland best when it is madcap and silly.  My plan is to go right back to my madcap self right after this really, really, long post.  Still, I really want to get something off my chest, and I think this might be the forum for doing it.  So, pardon me for my response to President Bush's recent decision to oppose the diversity plan used by the University of Michigan to increase the enrollment of minority students.  If you don't want to read this lengthy post, please don't.  I promise not to write like this very often.     Overview Comments:   1.  I am not necessarily a proponent of affirmative action.  I think we are close to the point in our society where race is not a prohibitive barrier.  It is a barrier, but I feel that for most people of color (especially middle class and up people of color), it is surmountable.  In my view, socio-economic status matters more than race.  I would much rather belong to any racial or ethnic group and be middle class than be white and poor.  Although I have encountered racism in my life, I have been fortunate and have been able to just consider it the misguided misgivings of misanthropes.    Also, affirmative action programs leave minorities in a precarious place.  Minorities feel that they are perceived as underqualified, and they may feel pressure to prove that they belong.  Not an easy burden to bear, let me tell you.  2.  With the exception of about 50 schools, I think, particularly at the undergraduate level, colleges and universities are about the same.  As a youngster, I had the great good fortune of attending two colleges, one of average reputation (Kansas University, my alma mater) and one of stellar reputation (Georgetown University).  Now, I'm not naive, and I understand that prestige paper has its blessings, but when I consider the quality of education I received at both institutions, I'm hard pressed to say that one was better (academically) than the other.  I can say that I was more inspired,  on the whole , by the intelligence of my fellow students and Georgetown, but I might actually argue that the students at Kansas worked harder (and trust me, there were plenty of kids at old KU who could have gone to any school in the country).  I know for a fact that grade inflation is more alive and well at Georgetown than it is at KU.    Anyway, it is hard for me not to see, to some extent, much of the conversations about Affirmative Action as really being "I'm chapped that I can't get into Yale."  Again, I definitely see that there is a value to having a degree from the ivies, the seven sisters or the blue-chip schools.  But, at the same time, it is hard for me not to say:  "okay, you didn't get into Michigan.  Go to Michigan State or Ohio State or the University of Vermont."  Can this conversation be about more than people feeling like they should get into whatever school they want all the time?  I bet most people who applied to multiple schools, can relate experiences that seem odd (when I applied to law school, I got in to two top fifteen schools:  Cornell and the University of Texas, but did not get in to the University of North Carolina - a school that was then just outside of the top 25; go figure.).  3.  Much has been said about how being from a select racial or ethnic group is worth 20 points in the admissions program at Michigan - the same number of points awarded to students who get a perfect 1600 on the S.A.T.  Without getting in to it too much, let me say:  "so what?"  Being an athelete is worth 20 points too, but I don't hear anyone saying "Craig Krenzel took my spot at Ohio State - I think that is totally unfair!"  [note to Pandylanders:  Craig Krenzel is the quarterback of the Ohio State football team.  Ohio State won the national championship this year for the first time since 1968.  Craig Krenzel is white.]   My Beef with George:   1.  I see this as being about more than a University's right to allocate points to assure diversity within its student population.  Colleges and universities have criteria that favor a lot of different classes.  You get points for being an athelete, a musician, an Eagle Scout (even though it is a discriminatory organization - a different rant for a different day), a citizen of a less than populous state, graduating from a prestigious high-school, graduating/surviving from a really shitty school, being a legacy (having parents who went to the school where you are applying), being the child of someone famous, beign the child of someone wealthy, completing highly-regarded academic programs (like the I.B. program), writing a strong essay, doing well on a standardized test, being from a specialized racial group, or being gay or lesbian among other things.  Why target just one criterion?  If it is permissible to say that a school should take effort to make sure that kids from North Dakota get in, why is it impermissible for a school to take efforts to make sure kids from diverse racial backgrounds get in?  For those who oppose the criterion, how do you know your place was taken by a minority, and not, say by a kid who plays a mean clarinet?  Given that admissions is as much an art as it is a science, can we ever know with certainty who displaced who?    By the way, one could argue that among the criterion above, most allow greater access for non-minorities:  for example, there are disproportionately few minority Eagle scouts (and even fewer  gay  Eagle Scouts; and absolutely NO women Eagle Scouts), there are few minorities in Wyoming, legacy programs disporporitionately favor non-minorities, and so on.    2.  George Bush was a "C" student at Yale and gained admission into the Harvard M.B.A. program.  While this does not preclude him from coming down against affirmative action; he must yield to concerns that this is a fine time for him to start working toward fair admission standards (not to mention wondering about when he will go after some of the other unfairnesses that characterize our college acceptance processes).  3.  With the exception of historically black institutions, there is no university in the United States, that I am aware of, that has a disproportionately high number of minority students.  The only possible exception that I can think of would be large Asian populations at some schools, but arguments about whether they "deserved" admission tend to fall a bit flat.  In other words, no one has a beef with a kid who is a national merit finalist and has a 4.0 (plus) no matter the kid's ethinic or racial background.   By contrast, there are school, especially private schools that have a disproportionately high non-minority population.  In fact, some schools, Bob Jones University comes to mind, receive federal funding while espousing view-points that discourage minority application (Bob Jones is against miscegenation (on Christian grounds no less)).  Bob Jones receives federal funding as do other schools that are unattractive to minority applicants (Oral Roberts, the Citadel and Brigham Young come to mind).  Look, give those schools money (hell, even give them my tax money), just don't cry foul when other schools answer the moral call to counter-act their efforts.   4.  Last, schools from states with larger minority populations (like Michigan), should be allowed latitude in developing student bodies that mirror (or come close to mirroring) their communities.  I hope few would find much to praise in a University of Virginia or a SUNY school that had very few minorities; I know few have a beef with the low number of minority students at the University of Utah.     Final Thoughts:   Still, what I would like to see instead of programs that work to insure admission to students based upon their ethnic or racial background are three things:  1.  An effort to make the overall admission process more fair at all Universities.  2.  Favor racial and ethnic groups only in cases where it is needed (don't award the 20 points to the hispanic kid from Auburn Hills whose parents are surgeons, who went to some fancy private school in Detroit, murdered the S.A.T., travelled abroad her sophomore year, and got an Infiniti for her sweet 16; instead, save the points for the minority kids who grew up less than priviliged and still finished school and  did well enough  to earn a Michigan degree.  Regardless of whether they did  as well as  some other kid who did not get in to Michigan, but will probably get in to Ohio State or the University of Illinois or Dana College in Blair, Nebraska.    3.  Let's have a conversation instead about the students each year who don't go to college (although they could) because they cannot afford to go (either because of money or circumstance).  Instead of efforts to deny admission to some (no-doubt) deserving students of color; why not efforts to promote admission for the deserving poor?  Sorry so lengthy,  Duf