News Update: Award Shows Still Suck  - or-  Why I Hate Dick Gere.   Okay, so I should know better, but I watched a good chunk of the Golden Globes last night anyway.  Yeah, The Two Towers gots pantsed left and right to sub-par movies like 'Gangs of New York' and 'Chicago', but I'm not bitter.  Well, maybe a little.  Admittedly, I'm not that big of a J.R.R. Tolkien nerd.  I've read all of the Lord of the Rings books except for the last one, which I anticipate will be enjoyed toward the end of the year...but even so, I am completely enthralled with what Peter Jackson's crew has accomplished since working on the films.  Yes, I'm a movie nerd and I've watched every little nugget of the extras on the 'Fellowship of the Ring: Extended Edition' (save for the commentaries) and I'm sorry, but if there was ever a director who deserved a 'Best Director' win, it's good ol' Kiwi Peter Jackson.  You won't find another director who was more involved with what was happening with not one but THREE gigantic films taking place at the same time.  But no...let's pucker up and kiss Marty Scorsese's ass a little more.  'Gangs of New York' was a big bloated stinksore of a movie that was decent for the first 20 minutes, and lost track of itself for the remaining 2 hours and 10 minutes.  F you, Marty.  But again, I'm not bitter.  I just turned off the Golden Globes after that.  Oh Jesus, but I wished I would've shut 'er off sooner.  Anyone see the contenders for best Dramatic Series on TV?  Yes, my Sopranos were nominated, but alas, they succumbed to 'The Shield', which judging from the clip they showed before giving the award away was probably the most horribly-acted, piss-poorest editing done...ever.  And they hand the award over.  It's gotta be political.  'The Sopranos' is single-handedly the best TV show on tv...period.  I may be biased.  Oh...and can someone tell me why people are so in love with Dick Gere?  Okay, he made a movie that a few women liked called 'Pretty Women' but he's no actor.  In EVERY single movie he's ever done, he plays the same gray-haired, rodent-eyed smarmy asshole he plays in EVERY other movie he's ever been.  Hey, Dick...why not stretch your horizons a bit?  Play a drooling retard, or someone that doesn't always get the girl, or better yet...play someone other than yourself you self-righteous twat.  I'm sorry, but about 10 minutes into his acceptance speech, I wanted to poke out my eardrums with a pencil.  Hey asshole, if we wanted to hear the end credits, we'd stick around after the movie was over.  Wow.  I need to calm down or take another day off or something...