Here's mine.  Sorry for the length, friends.  BTW - It's absolutely true. ------------------------------------------------------------   Wendy's Consumer Relations Wendy's International, Inc. 4288 W. Dublin-Granville Rd. Dublin, OH 43017  February 28, 2003  Dear Sir/Madam,  I’ve always loved Wendy’s.  From their delicious, juicy hamburgers to their crisp and pleasantly salted French fries all the way down to the creamy and simply dreamy Frosty shakes.  Dave Thomas created a legendary burger shop where quality could be experienced visit after visit.  It was a real treat to enjoy my meals under Wendy’s roof.  That was, until last Saturday, February 22nd 2003.  My friend and I had the unfortunate pleasure of visiting your Woodbury, Minnesota location sometime around 8:30pm.  We entered the establishment hoping to fill our growling bellies full of deliciousness and stepped up to the counter.  Waiting behind the counter was a scowling young man by the name of Kahled.  As I approached the ‘Can I help you’ zone, I received nothing of the sort.  Kahled merely glared at me as I smiled and got ready to place my order.  With nary a grunt, he punched in my meal:  - A number five with only ketchup, mustard, pickles, cheese and bacon. - A pack of 5 chicken tenders. - A delicious Mug root beer soft drink. - Regular fries (I decided not to ‘Biggie Size’ it that night)  Kahled grumbled something that I couldn’t understand.  When I asked him: ‘Come again, friend?’  He sighed and said rather loudly and abruptly: ‘What do you want on it?’  I repeated my request and he scornfully made the necessary corrections.  I felt like I was inconveniencing young Kahled.  As he went to collect the items that made up my order, he engaged himself in a quick kung-fu fight near the bubbling machine where the fries are made.  Another worker, complete in drive-thru gear, launched a kick toward Kahled’s nether regions.  The kick was blocked, but with my ‘to go’ bag in hand.  The paper was crushed and my eyes widened in horror.  This was the bag my food was going to go into?  With no sense of urgency, Kahled collected the rest of my order and dropped them into my mangled sack.  At the soft drink fountain, he began to pour my non-Biggie-sized beverage.  As you probably know, root beer tends to foam a bit more than other soft drinks.  He poured the delicious drink and stopped when the foam got to the top.  Instead of waiting for the bubbles to dissipate, he merely capped it and handed me my order.  He handed me my meal and said nothing.  Not even a ‘Here you go’ or a ‘Thank you.’  He wore the same dejected look throughout the whole transaction.  Even during the kung-fu battle.   When I opened my soft drink, it was as I suspected.  The cup was 3/4s full.  Not the usual value I’ve come to expect from Wendy’s.  My friend received similar treatment and we both decided on the ride home that we had just experienced Wendy’s at its worst: All because of a young miserable boy by the name of Kahled.  I do enjoy the food I’ve received from Wendy’s in the past.  I’m sure, in time, I may be able to forget the awful experience I endured at the hands of Kahled.  I’ve always liked what Dave Thomas stood for, but I must say that Mr. Thomas would be absolutely appalled at the treatment we received at the Woodbury Wendy’s last Saturday night.  Please know that I’m going to avoid this location for a long time to come.  I felt I should pass this incident on to you so that the integrity and Dave’s legacy would not be tainted by someone as awful as Kahled.  I am withholding my home address so that my home isn’t attacked by Kahled and his kung-fu squad.  If you’d like to reach me to discuss this further, I can be reached at my work number:  555-123-4567.  Fondly, DJ Shovelpants   ------------------------------------------------------------ I had to mail it, sadly.  I don't expect a prompt response.