DJS, your Coldplay comments are awful reminiscent of the “What’s the deal with Bono?” post a few months back.  So I’m just going to concede that everyone has their own tastes, and leave it at that.  I’m crabby today.  As most of you know, I volunteer each month for 3 lousy hours.  For those who don’t know, in this time, I help prepare a meal for the “less fortunate”, aka our friends in the alcoholic/schizophrenic homeless community.  About every 4 months or so, I take a turn and plan the meal.  Meaning, I figure out what to cook for dinner for about 125 men, go to the grocery store and purchase said food items on a budget of about $100 (I am reimbursed for the expense), and bring this meal to a place where I prepare it with about 5 other volunteers.  It’s a pain to do, but as I said before, I only do it a few times each year.  So on Sunday I went to the Cub foods that I hate (the one in Edina) and picked up 20 boxes of pasta, 20 jars of meat sauce, several pounds of cheese, a few pounds of carrots (even drug addicts need their Vitamin D, yo) and a huge box of Oreos (drug addicts especially like the Oreos).  Granted, it’s not gourmet, but you try keeping things imaginative at less than $1/head.  I get the usual stares from people in the store – what?  A girl can’t stock up??? – pay up, and leave.  Shopping isn’t the big headache in this process, folks.  It’s the hauling.  As you can guess, the items above are heavy.  And I’m one girl.  So after shopping, I load the items in my car.  And then I realize that 20 jars of pasta sauce will likely freeze in my trunk.  And the carrots and cheese probably won’t do so hot, either.  So I leave the pasta in the trunk and haul everything else up to my apartment.  Bags are ripped, multiple trips made, but the job finally gets done.  The fridge is full, and I’ve got a few bags of sauce to navigate, but it’s only for a day or two, so no big deal.  This is no worse than the time I had 30 pounds of ground beef bleed all over my refrigerator, but that’s a story for another time.  Today I get an email from someone else in the group (who, for the record, I adore) saying she purchased the meal for tonight, so I write back and say, gee, that’s great, but I already did that too.    Several of us back-and-forth-ed over “what should we do?”, and it looks like I’m going to have to haul everything over there, and still end up hauling much of it back to be stored by yours truly for a month, at which time I can haul it over there again.  So I’m irritated.