The Definitive Grammy's, by Duf'   Top three moments at the Grammy's (in order from cool to coolest):  3.  Simon and Garfunkel opening the show with the "Sounds of Silence."  2.  Eminem singing "You Only Get One Shot" backed by the Roots (they were goin' off in the background).  1.  Der:  Coldplay singing "Politik" backed by the New York Philharmonic.  Best Grammy moment ever.  I could just feel them saying:  "this war is a bad idea." I always love passion and sincerity , and they had both.  I was pulling my hair out and screaming for June to hurry on up so I can go see them (drinkie winkie poo) in Chicago with Panda and the fella (assuming he is still on the scene - or is that cynical?)    I loved the Clash tribute, DJS, but I would rank it fourth.  My favorite thing about the Grammy's is it really distinguishes between artists.  Avril Levigne exposed herself as a flash in the pan (or to quote Robin Williams (holding the grammy to his ear) "I can actually hear careers ending!").  No Doubt continues to refuse to die even though  there's really not a lot up there.     The Dixie Chicks are talented musicians, no denying that, but man were they flat.  Ladies, ease up on the Valium.  Nelly was surprisingly flat (could it be the production?).  John Mayer seemed poised for a 16 year old, and the classically trained woman who sang before him and has some pop song I have heard a dozen times but don't know was quite good too.  I always love Yo Yo Ma, even when he is playing with bald wife-beaters.  Norah is solid, and I was happy to see her get the praise she got, but the Grammy's has a tendency to overdo it year after year.  It is a great disc, and she is a great singer, but I don't know if ALL THAT PRAISE was merited (Similarly, as much as I loved the "O Brother Where Art Thou" soundtrack last year, I think it was over-awarded.  I'm Norah, I don't want to start my career with my debut album winning 5600 Grammy awards.  Talk about setting yourself up for a sophomore slump... (not to jinx her).  Now if you'll excuse me, I'm going to get drunk and go shopping (for burritos that is).