Fun things to do when you're drunk:   1) Uuuuhhzzzssh. 2) Eat burritos. 3) Dance. 4) Sing karaoke. 5) Client conference calls. 6) Go shopping.  I experienced #6 on Saturday afternoon, and never could have imagined how fun it could be.  Me and the fella were having a nice, lazy Saturday - went to a museum, walking around Michigan Ave...when we stumbled across the Mexican restaurant "Su Casa" and decided to have some lunchie and drinkie.  After 2 large margaritas (it doesn't take much), I was ready to shop until I literally dropped.  First I dragged fella to Ann Taylor and wanted to try on several dresses.  When they asked me if I wanted him to come into the dressing area with me I screamed "Absolutely NOT!"  I was confused because I thought she was suggesting he go  in my dressing room with me  (not that I'm  that  modest, but I thought it was weird), but what she meant was that he sit in this sitting area they have for the men.  The dresses weren't exactly working out, and when the sales lady knocked on my door, without even thinking, I opened it - and didn't have my shirt on.  I think the men were happy to be shopping with their wives that day, because they got a nice show from me.  Fella just laughed his ass off..."When you did that, I was just under the impression that women's dressing rooms were, you know, very  free ..."  No, that's just me being a drunk asshole.  On to Bloomingdale's to try on more dresses...  I insisted on going to the designer section ( so unlike me  considering TJ Maxx is more up my alley)...and then proceeded to 1) Open a Bloomingdale's charge card, and 2) Buy $400 worth of stuff.  When I was at the Clinique counter, I wanted to buy my mom some eye cream for her birthday, so I asked the lady what was the difference between all the varieties they had.  "Well, this one softens lines, and this one reduces puffiness, and this one..."  "Um,  whatever .  I'll take the cheapest one." (FYI - Clinique ladies don't like it when you're a smart ass.)  Of course, we continued the evening at my favorite local bar (no HAL, not the Hangge Uppe): Monsignor Murphy's.  And their shot of the month: the delicious Oatmeal Cookie.  It couldn't have been a more perfect day.  But on Sunday I was wondering what I was doing with all this crap from Bloomingdale's.  Thank God for flexible return policies.