1. What is your most prized material possession?  Oh, how can one decide?  I likey my framed autographed picture and CD of Bjork that I fought for tooth, nail and credit card to get on Ebay.  I also have an autographed picture of Alec Guiness in Obi Wan gear that I'm quite fond of.  Hmmm...I like my truck too, though I guess it's not actually mine.  Not for another 4 years, anyway.   2. What item, that you currently own, have you had the longest?  I guess it's the pajamas I got when I was born.  I fired out of my mom, they spanked me, wiped me off and stuffed me in these awful little pajamas that are like blue terrycloth and are as comfortable as sandpaper.  A couple of years ago, my mom gave them to me.  Guess she didn't need 'em anymore.   3. Are you a packrat?  You have no idea.   4. Do you prefer a spic-and-span clean house? Or is some clutter necessary to avoid the appearance of a museum?  I prefer a little clutter...okay, a generous amount of clutter.  This, however, doesn't agree with my beloved, so we try and reach a happy medium.  It took a long time for her to get used to not reshelving a book I was reading if I set it down for longer than 5 minutes.  I've gotten much better and so has she, God bless her...   5. Do the rooms in your house have a theme? Or is it a mixture of knick-knacks here and there?  Kind of.  The downstairs shitter is the designated: Have a seat and enjoy yourself theme.  There's a framed photo of a picture I took in Chicago of a laundromat sign with the words DROP YOUR PANTS HERE, positioned above the toilet.  While you're seated, there is a cluster of goofy random black and white pictures that have been framed and arranged tastefully, including: a framed greeting card of a little boy reaching into his pants with a smile on his face, a picture of Sil (Steve VanZandt) of the Sopranos looking disgusted, an old sign that says MADAMS, PLEASE KEEP YOUR GIRLS OFF THE STREETS AFTER DARK, and some other nuggets.  I don't know how I got away with decorating that bathroom, but it's actually one of our favorite rooms.  It's got character, baby.