A Vast Improvement from Last Week    1. What is your most prized material possession?  Does a  collection  of things count?  If so, then my answer would be my huge collection of photos.  I have to say I usually have my camera with me during some of the funniest/greatest times of my life (HAL and Stoner can attest to that).  When thinking about this question, I thought about what I would cry hardest about if I ever lost it...I would  cry my eyes out  if my pictures were ever taken away.  I briefly considered my signed copy (by the entire band) of The Bends by Radiohead, but I thought I'd only whimper a little bit if that was ever gone.     2. What item, that you currently own, have you had the longest?  I'm sure my mom has a scrap of a blanket or something of mine when I was a baby, but the thing I remember  touching  me the most was a little gold ring my dad gave me when I was about 4 or 5 with my birthstone (emerald) in it.  I wore it so much it got a little bent, but I loved that ring.  It's still in my jewelry box.   3. Are you a packrat?  With letters, pictures, and CDs - yes.  But I got the "throw away" syndrome from my mom.  If I didn't throw things away like I do, I'd be swimming in crap since my apartment is so small.  I try to keep things simple - I'm a minimalist at heart.   4. Do you prefer a spic-and-span clean house? Or is some clutter necessary to avoid the appearance of a museum?  Spic-and-span, definitely.  Jillios used to make fun of me, saying I would prefer to live in a hospital.  If I could, I would clear my house of all junk...only clean surfaces.  Just a room (hardwood floors) with a chair, lamp, and a table.   5. Do the rooms in your house have a theme? Or is it a mixture of knick-knacks here and there?  I only have one room (studio apartments are a bitch).  Everything has its place, even the knick-knacks, but there is no real "theme".  I can't wait to move into a larger space so I can finally decorate, but the truth is, not having room saves you a lot of money.