Apologies for not replying sooner...   I didn't go to work yesterday. Apparently I missed a good Pandyland day. Duf, I really liked your message to the cookie people.  As far as calendars go, I have a "play with your food" one that is hilarious. It was a gift from 80 degrees (I believe we're supposed to refer to our friends via code names, and that is hers) and it also came with stickers, which I love. This month a strawberry is kissing some puckered-up piece of green produce (possibly ugli fruit?). I use the adorable fruit/veggie stickers to mark PTO days, and rubber ducky stickers (also a gift from 80 degrees) to mark the days I work out. Next month I am switching to shamrocks and leprechauns, and the month after I am switching to easter eggs and baby chicks. I need the motivation to get me to the gym.  I also have a perpetual postcard calendar, which was a gift from Hal. I love this calendar, but it does put a little pressure on my because it is displayed in a place where people walking by can see it, and if I don't change the date right away in the morning (every day!) I hear about it. People actually use it as their source for date information - which I don't recommend, because I cannot be counted on to change it every day.  I also used to have a Wells Fargo calendar in my cube, but I gave it to my honey because his calendar at home expired at the end of last year (imagine that). And our "trinkets and trash" vendor gave us all ceramic coasters with 2003 calendars on them, but I threw mine away because I thought it was tacky. It didn't fit with my desk's decor (most of the items, including my little green lamp which was a gift from Panda, came from my trip to Ikea with Hal and Panda several years ago). Finally, I have a little Kandinky calendar that was also a gift from Hal, but I cut off the calendar parts and just hung up the pictures.   My computer, office phone, cell phone and both of my watches also tell me the date. I track most of my appointments in Outlook though, but have a Clinique day-timer (given to my by my coworker, who got it as a free gift with her purchase and was going to throw it away) that I use for easy and portable reference.  And now, like Duf, I must go wash my hands.