1. Explain why you started to journal/blog.    Because somehow I think people want to read about the things I buy, people that piss me off, and movies that I hate/love.  Uh...people do want to hear that stuff, right?  Right?  Actually, my previous blog Soft Drink needed to be shut down because it caused a couple sets of moist eyes.  I miss my old blog, but love my guest-starring role here on Pandyland.  Yo, word is bond.    2. Do people you interact with day to day or family members know about your journal/blog? Why or why not?  A couple of 'em, I guess.  My asshole friend Dirty likes to read the whole site entry by entry then cite how boring we are.  He secretly wishes he was the 5th Pandylanda...  Sorry, Dirty.  No room.  I haven't subjected anyone else to our blog because of the ruckus I caused with Soft Drink.  Mayhap I'm a little blog-shy in getting others to read it.  Garsh...wouldn't want to upset any other big-nosed, alcoholic assholes.   3. Do you have a theme for your journal/blog?    Sure.    4. What direction would you like to have your journal/blog go in over the next year??    I'm actually adapting all of our entries into a screenplay.  I'm going to pitch it in Tinseltown later this year.  The hardest part was trying to keep all of Panda's exploits down to a PG-13 rating.  Not an easy job, yo.  And I'm really trying to make HAL's character a bit more punchy.  Duf's motivation is somewhat questionable, too.  I've had early script-reviewers tell me he doesn't make a convincing protagonist.  I think the lovey-dovey feeling that Stoner's smitten character-in-love provides acts as a great balance to Panda's crazy Chicago-night escapades.  I'm not sure where I fit into all of this, but I'm hoping to write a car chase in for myself.  Hopefully I'll be able to have my character fire an Uzi out the window.  I've always wanted to do that.    5. Pimp five of your favorite journals/blogs.     I don't really have any favorites.  But here's a couple.   1.    Care For Something Dirty?   - My friend Abbot's alter-ego goes off the deep end from time to time to the delight of us all.  (Except Stoner)  2.      Goobita  - This girl is totally self-centered and a bit of an airhead, but I'm drawn to it like a fly to shit.  Okay...I admit it.  I think she's cute.  Not much else there, though.  3.    DNord  - The birth of my nickname was built by leaving jerky comments on his personal journal.  I used to work with this guy, and he figured out who I am, but that still didn't scare me away.  He acts like he knows more than he really does.  Totally boring, totally uninformed.  Again...I visit regularly.  4.    How I Got Published...(or tried anyway)  - A shameless plug for my blog/journal about my struggles to get my sorry ass published.  Not a very riveting read, but I've had some famous authors send me e-mails from reading some of my posts.  I use my REAL nickname on here, BTW.  5.    Moonshine's Live Journal  - Want to feel better about your life?  Read this Live Journal of an unemployed mother of two living in Minneapolis who has just about the worst luck of anyone I've ever come across.  A lot of posts about her daily life, but like a car wreck I'm strangely compelled to tune in and see what happens.  Nice person, but man...the fu%#ed up situations she finds herself in...  By the way.  This Friday 5?  Worst ever...