I think I have a lot of complexities, but I don’t think that there are “two types of people in this world”.  Therefore, none of us are “either/or”.  If you need to label me, I’m complex.  But here’s my rundown on Duf’s list:  1.  I am low maintenance.  For those of you that scoff at this, go on a camping trip (or another comparable activity) with me and then tell me your answer.  2.  I am not a genius.  3.  I don’t need a lot for fulfillment.  I have no 5 year (or 1 year, or 25 year) plan.  If you asked me what my goals are in life, I would struggle to answer - not because I don’t know what I want, but just because I really don’t want much.  I cannot recall any time in my life where I have felt "unfulfilled", "empty", or anything of the like.  4.  I’m left brain (though not extreme left brain).  5.  I rarely if ever see more in words/actions then speaker intends.  In English class when they would say that the red scarf represented life or hunger, I never saw that.  I wouldn’t even remember the red scarf.  Same thing about foreshadowing, I was like, “huh?”  It’s the same reaction I would have after watching “Dawson’s Creek” and someone would say, “I think Joey and Pacey are going to get together because of what he said at the hot dog stand”, and I would be say “oh yeah, I really liked the shoes that Joey was wearing in that scene!”  6.  I highly enjoy subtlety and nuance (so here’s is one of my complex features).  When the red scarf was discussed, I was always like, “ahhhhh…. that’s pretty cool”.  But then I would wonder if the poor author just happened to mention the color of the scarf with no motive, and now it’s being dissected in English classes for all eternity (again, making me complex).  When Joey and Pacey got together, I really liked seeing the repeats to see the (now obvious to me) hints that they were a far better couple than Joey and Dawson.  7.  I absolutely believe that all people are good (making me not complex).  But I also believe that everyone has good and bad “in” them (making me complex).  8.  I have idiosyncrasies and pet peeves.  But not more than the next gal.  9.  I’ve had my nicks, but I’m not high on the trauma scale.  That said, some of my complexities definitely arise from specific points (even moments) in my life, as do all of us.  10. I don’t have a lot of passions, but those that I do have, I’m very passionate about. (dunno if this makes me c or nc)  11. I accept people as they are.  I don’t think that there is any right way to go about life.  I also believe very strongly that you cannot change another person (and that’s a good thing).  12. I like to rotate between the island vacation and the city vacation, but I do lean towards the city vacation.  Something with historical significance is preferred.  Or involving a kick-ass concert.  13. There are no absolutes in life.  Except death and taxes, of course.