The Friday One  By Duf Fer  I have one question for you.   Are you complex or not complex?   Here are some things to think about while answering.  1.	Erase any pejorative connotations of “complex.” Being complex or not complex is neither good nor bad, it just is.  2.	No one factor is, in and of itself, determinative unless is EXTREME.  3.	Complex is different from high maintenance, but if you are really high maintenance, that may suggest something about whether you are complex.  4.	Intelligence is, in most instances, not a factor.  However, there is a level of genius that per se qualifies someone as complex (see, e.g. Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart or Vincent Van Gogh).  Similarly, there is a point at which low intelligence would qualify someone as not complex.  For most people, intelligence is non-determinative.  5.	Probably the factor that drives your status more than anything else is how much is required in order for you to be fulfilled.  If a lot is required, then you tend toward complex.  If not much is required, then you are not complex.    6.	Are you right brain (creative) dominant or left brain (analytical) dominant?  Being right brain dominant increases the likelihood that you are complex.  Being left brain dominant, increases the likelihood that you are not complex.  7.	Do you tend to see more in words and actions than the speaker or actor intends?  If so, then there is an increased chance that you are complex.    8.	Do you like subtlety and nuance?  If so, then you tend toward complex.  If you prefer and respond better to the direct, then you tend toward being not complex.    9.	Which of these statements do you most agree with?  “People are basically good” (not complex).  “People are basically good, but their systems and devices elevate pathos within the group making those systems and devices inherently corrupt and therefore evil” (tending toward complex).  “People are basically evil” (complex).  10.	Do you have a lot of idiosyncrasies and pet peeves?  If so, then you tend toward complex.  11.	If you have a history of “issues” or trauma and those issues or that trauma defines you more than it should, then you tend toward complex.    12.	If you have a lot of passions, hobbies, pursuits…if you are a renaissance person, then you tend toward the complex.   13.	If you tend to accept people as they are and take a happy go lucky approach to life, then you tend toward not complex.    14.	If you had to choose one vacation over another (all things being equal – in other words, you are not vacationing to reduce stress or mourn a loss, you are just taking a vacation), which would you choose?  I would choose an island vacation with lots of r and r (not complex). I would choose an urban vacation with much to offer by way of sight-seeing and activities (complex).  15.	Last, if you think most of life’s moral and ethical questions can be met with a “right” or “wrong”/”good” or “bad” answer, then you tend toward complex.    For a perfect example of complex and not complex, see the film “Personal Velocity” and focus on the second story featuring Parker Posey (complex) and her husband (not complex).  Okay, so, I talked to Hal and DJS about this yesterday, and they are probably  well sick  of it.  Last night, I told my mother-in-law that she was complex but her children and husband were not complex.  She did not hit me by the way.  I asked my wife if I am complex or not complex, and she did not hesitate to say I was not complex (based on factors 5 and 13, BTW).  After thinking about it, I would agree with her and say that  I am not complex , but just barely.