My Oprah Experience by Duf Fer   Once, I was in Chicago visiting a friend.  The friend is rich. His parents have a really boss pad in a fashionable building on the Gold Coast.  They are part owners of the Chicago White Sox. They have plenty of cash.  As I was walking into the building, I came out of the revolving doors and bumped into, literally, Oprah.    I would pay money to see the look on my face.  My immediate reaction was to say excuse me.  I bumped into someone.  My just as immediate second reaction was to realize who I bumped.  Just as immediately as that, I exclaimed "oh my God!"  She laughed and said "no problem" and gave me what I would call a genuine smile.  I have seen her show maybe 5 times in my life.  It seems to be classy and thoughtful, even as it is slick and, perhaps, insincere.    Two things in reply, DJS.  First, I have a friend whose mom was shopping at a posh grocery store in Connecticut and happened to see a very famous man.  We will call him PN.  She went up to him and said "I'm a big fan" or "Can I have an autograph?" or some such thing that fans say.  PN said "get the fuck away from me": hostile words in a hostile tone.  I can only imagine that I am one of thousands of people who have heard about it either directly or indirectly.  So, PN had a really bad moment.  PN is probably a flaming asshole.  But, there are times when it makes me wonder about the burdens of celebrity.  Myself, I would not want to rich, powerful or famous.  But, if I had to avoid one, without a doubt, I would avoid fame.  What a curse. Oprah has all three.  Second, I'm not sure I blame Oprah for her popularity.  She is the consummate Capitalist, no doubt about it.  She is all about the dollar that's clear.  We used to debate the merits and demerits of her book club at Barnes and Noble all the time.  I think, in general, we all concluded that she got people to buy good books and read them (two good things).  I can say with certainty that she was surprised by the popularity of her book club.  I don't know that it is her fault though.  I also think that, as you get to know Jonathan Franzen (and "The Corrections" is phenomenal BTW) you will realize that in the jerk Olympics, he would easily lap Oprah, and then flip off the crowd as he accepted his gold medal.    But I have to admit I am an Oprah apologist.  I like powerful women in general (I even admire Martha Stewart though I have never seen her show or read her magazine, and even though I am troubled by the insider trading scandal when I was in high school, I had a Geraldine Ferraro thing that woud not quit - I can admit that among friends, right?), and I tend to root for the success of AfAms in general.  Having said that, I know there is probably much about her that is worthy of criticism.  I just wanted to say that there is much about her that is worthy of praise too.  Last, I have a friend who has a friend who worked for Oprah for years. The friend told my friend (who told me) that Oprah is very hard to work for (very demanding, very particular, a perfectionist and often uncivil), but also very generous and supportive, and, in a strange way, one to cultivate a (dysfunctional, yes) family atmosphere at Harpo productions.