Why I Hate Oprah by DJ Shovelpants   Yes, America loves them some Oprah.  Me?  I think she's the biggest phony this side of my left ass cheek.  The following are some things about the self-important ego-maniac that drive me to drink.   Oprah is a nice person.   Absolutely false.  She treats everyone as though they are peasants and is about as nice as having a rousing case of apocalyptic stomach cancer.  My father, who is now a retired police captain had to organize security for Dirty ol' Winfrey when she was in town some years back.  Since he was one of the top dogs, he had to escort her in her limo to the site of her appearance and he said that he'd never seen anything like her.  She was nothing but rude to the people who worked for her and had a nasty snarl on her face during the entire 'backstage' experience.  Only when she was out on stage and talking to her league of followers did she bother to smile.  My dad said it was like jekyl and hyde.  'One minute she was acting like a total 'c___' (a phrase he never uses, btw) and the next, she's acting like she's on the same level with the people that paid money to see her,' father DJ reported.  'Plus,' he added.  'She's got a head like a goddamn medicine ball.  Huge.'   But Oprah gives gifts to her viewers!   Yeah, and so does Santa Claus.  Look, any half-wit can see the game that's running during her 'I Want To Pamper My Guests' shows.  You think ol' fatty wallet Winfrey is actually shelling out dough to give 'thousands of dollars worth of items' away...just out of the kindness of her heart?  Think again!  All of this stuff that she's giving away is donated from the companies.  It's called 'plugging.'  When you think you're watching Oprah really 'giving something back' take a closer look.  You're watching an Oprah informercial!  Yeah, it's great to get deluxe apricot face scrub and a bath robe woven from the hair of 3 year olds, but don't think for a second that you're seeing Oprah's generosity first hand.  The people providing the 'gifts' are lining her swollen pockets with more money.  Why?  Because her followers think that if Oprah likes something...it's gotta be good.  Which brings me to...   Oprah's Got a Book Club!   Don't even get me started on this.  There's just something sinister about Oprah 'reading' a book and then turning around to tell her followers to read it and...guess what?  It's a huge bestseller.  No one person should have this kind of influence over a large mass of people.  The only other person I can think of that was able to brainwash people was a German fellow...named HITLER!  Okay, so I exaggerate, but the plain truth is: yes, some of the books that are part of her club are good.  Admittedly there are even some that I plan to read...but I think Jonathan Franzen did the right thing when he told Oprah to go ahead and leave him out of the book club.  Good for him!  I wouldn't want her stupid logo emblazoned on my book (if I ever get published) either.  Thanks but no thanks, Oprah.  I'll let the work speak for itself.  Way to go, Johnny.   But She's So Down To Earth...   Yeah, sure...and Charleton Heston isn't a gun-toting drooling idiot.  It bothers me to no end that she's got a magazine (sorry, Stoner).  Why?  I'm guessing she has very little to do with it other than use her 'mind-altering power and name' to sell copies and to show up every month to have her picture on the cover.  Yuck!  To me, the magazine is merely another vehicle for her 'brainwashed fans' to pick up and scour the pages so that they can find out what their television girlfriend thinks they should buy or how they should dress or whatever.  Sweet Jesus!  Think for yourself, people.  And the whole thing with her phony face being on the cover of every issue...yeah, I don't detect any inflated ego there.  Nope...none at all.   But, but...  I realize she does some good.  Yes, she donates lots of money to charities and all that stuff.  That's fine.  She's gotten people who haven't picked up a book since high school to read her 'selections.'  Great.  But she's also unleashed that tyrant Dr. Phil on the rest of us.  Well, guess what?  I don't buy half of the stuff this asshole spouts on about and I don't like the look of his potato head.  I don't think you'll see armies of men following Dr. Philbert's every word and buying the Dr. Phil magazine if (and god forbid) it should ever come out.  I know a lot of Oprah's fan feel a sense of 'belonging' to her club or group of fans, but trust me when I say this: the bottom line is the dollar dollar dollar bill y'all.  She's not your friend.  Oprah wouldn't touch you to scratch you...unless it's going to increase her ratings or line her XXL pockets with cold hard cash.