That story sounds oddly familiar...Billygoat and I thought my silverfish were coming from Bill, the guy across the hall from me.  Here is his story:  I first ran into Bill in the elevator when I was doing my laundry.  He's this huge, bald, gay man.  Picture Mr. Clean with a lisp.  When you first see him you think "This guy is going to totally kick my ass" until you hear him say something like "Oh, I just *love* your shoes."  So I thought he was just a bit eclectic.  He even offered to give me his XBOX because he said he never used it.  Sweet, right?  Until I found out he was completely schizophrenic.  I started running into him in the hallway at weird times.  He would look at me strangely until I finally asked him what was up.  Bill asked me stuff like "Did you knock on my door the other night?" or "Did you hear that pounding before?"  I, of course, answered 'no' to both of these questions.  He then told me something that was really wacko.  "Someone was pounding incessantly on my door last week so I went to the door but no one was there.  When I looked at your door across the hall, I saw shadows of feet under the door."  I quickly responded, "Wait a second, bud.  I wasn't even in town last week."  (the ol' NYC alibi)  But Bill insisted... "The cops are after me (I'm a drug dealer, but just a *little* drug dealer) and so I think that they have someone watching me who is using your apartment as a hideout."  WTF??  I told him I appreciated the "heads up", and I would look out for him and the mysterious door-knocker.  Translation:  "I will continue to dead bolt my door and avoid you at all costs, you freakshow."  So last week he finally moved out.  More like got KICKED OUT.  It turns out he never paid any of his bills (and I thought drug dealing was a lucrative profession) and he started to use the outlet we had in our hall to plug in HIS ENTIRE APARTMENT.  No lie, I tripped over his extension chord everytime I went to my apartment.  It was pretty funny, though, since I hate the management company for my building and he was really socking it to 'em.  But still, the guy was nuts.  So that's why I have silverfish.