Explosion Avoidance/My Longest Rant Ever (PB, don't kick me out)   Sometimes, I feel like I will explode if I don't write something.  Today, what's stuck in my craw is   this.   Here's why:  1.   "Put an end  to the spoiled, disrespectful, ungrateful pro-peacers who don't know the meaning of sacrifice."  How should we put an end to them?  Oh, I have an idea: we can use all the electric chairs and gas chambers that are under-utilized in America (that's sarcasm BTW).  Just so I'm clear, is this man really suggesting that we kill Americans who don't "support the troops"?  2.  There is a sign that says France Sucks.  I could write a book on what bugs me about that, but I will try to be brief.  First, the government of France does not support this war.  The French people are divided on it (like the people of all nations of the world).  The country of France (its people) is different from the government of France.  That's why we are targeting this war at the government of Iraq and not at the country of Iraq and certainly not at the Iraqi people.  It is possible to oppose the government but not the whole country.  What is the value of all this hatred of France?  Second, France was acting on what it believed.  They have an obligation to do so, just as we do.  Third, I'm not sure France is wrong.  It is difficult to argue that diplomatic measures were exhausted before the bombing began.  U.N. Resolution 1441 clearly does not authorize this action and requires a second resolution to sanction the use of force.  The inability of the U.S. to secure U.N. Security Council approval for this effort is not the fault of France (recognize that we have the responsibility for making a case for war - and we failed to do it; recognize further that France was not the only country that planned to veto the Security Council Resolution - should we hate Russia too?  Should we hate everyone who disagrees with us?  Should I hate the man who hates people who love peace?  Where does all this hate leave us?  What would Jesus do?).    3.  I don't even know what to write about the Freedom chainsaw.  I really don't.  I have thought about it all morning, and I still don't have any coherent thought in response.  People trouble me is about all I can come up with.  Here's the thing:  1.  I support our troops.  I also feel really sorry for them.   2.  I suspect our fighting men and women know that this war is not entirely on the up and up.  Troops during Operation Desert Storm talked about "why they were there" all the time.  They were open in their speculation about whether the war was about oil.  Troops in Vietnam were candid about the impropriety of American involvement there.  Our soldiers know more than most Americans that it is almost impossible to make a case that Saddam should be removed while allowing other regimes to remain in power (see my fourth point below).   3.  Questioning the war does not mean failing to support our troops (perhaps this is so basic and so easy that it escapes people's minds).  It is possible to hate the war and love the soldier.  In many ways, love of soldier compels us to question and challenge war.  4.  The men and women fighting in Iraq are  not  protecting  our  freedom.  While one may argue that Iraq is a threat to the U.S.  Only strained reasoning would allow that argument to hold any water.  First, Iraq has no weaponry capable of reaching the United States.  Their missile range is not only capped at a few hundred miles, but also so grossly inaccurate that the missiles, even if they could fly the several thousand miles to the U.S., would be more likely to hit Baghdad than Boston.  Second, let's be honest, Iraq's main threat is to Israel.  Our men and women are more involved to protect Israel than the U.S.  Third, Iraq's minimal weaponry is significantly less threatening to the U.S. than the nuclear weapons possessed by countries like Pakistan, Iran, Libya, North Korea (recently awakened by sloppy foreign policy), Ukraine, Belarus and Kazakhstan.  If we are really interested in  protecting our freedom  by eliminating possession of weapons of mass destruction by unstable regimes, then what the hell are we doing in Iraq?  If we were to rank direct threats to the security of the U.S., I'm not even sure Iraq would make the top twenty (even if you factor in terrorism - the C.I.A. all but admitted that there is no connection between Iraq and Al Queda).     5.  I will bet anyone $100 that our troops come back with some kind of syndrome or another.  (Let history be your teacher here:  there are the effects of Agent Orange exposure to our Vietnam era veterans (finally admitted after a few decades of U.S. government denial); and there is the currently denied Gulf War Syndrome).  I will add to the bet that Iraqi war veterans will be under-supported by the government, that they will find little financial assistance for necessary medical care and that they will be directed to woefully over-crowded and horribly under-funded VA hospitals.  I bet that, to the extent that their effects include mental instability and violent behavior, they will meet with little or no understanding from our criminal justice system.  Last, I bet that many of the folks who attended weekend rallies in support of our troops will either:  a) remain silent when soldiers return and need our support; b) vote for tax cuts that further undermine the ability of agencies charged with supporting veterans to actually provided meaningful support; or c) both.     6.  The essence of democracy is freedom.  One of the freedoms we are supposed to value as citizens in a democracy (I'll save my arguments on why we are not a democracy for later) is the freedom of speech (this is so basic that the inability to understand it shocks and frightens me).  The freedom of speech defends and supports the right of the citizenry to express their opinion. It is not limited to voices that support the government (and perhaps has most value in dissent).  We have a long line of famous dissenters in the United States.  Abraham Lincoln was a prominent in his opposition to the Spanish-American war.  Richard Nixon campaigned on getting our troops out of Vietnam  even while soldiers were there fighting .  If we take away dissent, we are not free.   7.  The illogic of claiming to support troops who are fighting for our freedom and seeking to silence those who exercise freedom in dissent is so visceral and so removed from reason that it depresses me.    How can something so basic be so little understood?