Friday5 Is Still Alive (check back next week, yo)    1. If you had the chance to meet someone you've never met, from the past or present, who would it be?    This question is always so hard for me.  There are so many different reasons to meet people.  For golf, I would pick Tiger Woods, Jesper Parnevik and Meg Mallon.  Philosophically, I would want to meet Jesus, Martin Luther or Ralph Waldo Emerson.  Politically, I would love to meet Jimmy Carter, Winston Churchill, Woodrow Wilson or Saddam Hussein (I would at least TRY to reason with the man).  Artistically, I would want to meet Glenn Gould, Jimmy Hendrix, John Updike, Richard Ford or the poets A.R. Ammons and Galway Kinnell.   For dinner, I would want to meet Gertrude Stein, Big Ernie Hemingway (pig on a spit?), Malcolm X and Bill Clinton.  Romantically, I would want to meet Audrey Hepburn (circa 1960), Amanda Plummer (don’t ask) Anjelica Huston, Ariana Huffington, Halle Berry, Parker Posey, Bjork, Condolezza Rice or Faye Dunaway (circa 1960).   But, with only one choice, the person I would most like to meet would be Krzystzof Kieslowski the Polish film director.   2. If you had to live in a different century, past or future, which would it be?    This may be lame or boring (how could it be more boring than my last answer, I know, I know, but wait), but, as an AfAm, I definitely would not go backwards.  I also feel that, overall, we get worse globally with each passing year.  I am a bit of a Luddite and I think technology makes us worse, not better.  So, I would pick the present century.     3. If you had to move anywhere else on Earth, where would it be?   I would move to Scandinavia or Canada.  I am politically more in line with folks there, and I think that in terms of quality of life, they are on par with or better than America (unless you count culture and food).  But I would hate to move.  I am proud to be an American, and I feel really lucky to be born here instead of many other places.     4. If you had to be a fictional character, who would it be?    Easy, Atticus Finch from “To Kill A Mockingbird.”   5. If you had to live with having someone else's face as your own for the rest of your life, whose would it be?   Tyson, the Ralph Lauren model.