THE WEDNESDAY FIVE by DJS, yo.    1. What was the last song you heard?   You've Been Flirting Again  by Bjork It's an acoustic version I got on a bootleg CD.  Rumor has it, the Swan Princess is planning a North American tour (no dates set yet).  I've already decided that I'll go wherever I have to, just to see her again.  Can someone say ROADTRIP?  Or CYBERFARE, at least.   2. What were the last two movies you saw?   Old School  - A comedy classic.  I don't know who I think is funnier: Will Farrell or Vince Vaughn.  Both of them are comedic geniuses who are extremely good at what they do.  If I were to cite a favorite moment, it would have to be when Will is shot with the tranquilizer dart and he's lying in a heap beneath some chairs at a kid's birthday party.  The best part is, he doesn't want to stay down and he gets up with a slow-mo groan.  Insert laughs here.   The Good Girl  - I've seen it already, but I bought it off of my brother for $10 on DVD.  I think the movie is sheer comedy genius.  Maybe a bit unbelievable, but then again: why see a movie if you expect it to be believable all the time?  I usually don't like Jenny Aniston, but she was pretty good in this flicky-poo.   3. What were the last three things you purchased?  - A burrito from Chipotle for lunch yesterday.  Need I say more?  Mmmm....delicious. - Everclear's new album - Slow Motion Daydream.  I think I'm one of the few people on the planet that still really like these guys.  I'm going to see them in concert at First Avenue in a couple of weeks.  I can hardly wait. - Laundry detergent.  DJ LZ said we were low on the stuff, so I got it when I bought my CD.  Two jugs of Surf, comin' up!      4. What four things do you need to do this weekend?  - Begin editing my 2nd book.  Yucka. - Shop for paint and such.  We're going to paint our last room.  The big 'un. - Install two lights in our upstairs hallway. - Work out a schedule where I can: write, read, workout, learn how to play guitar, play video games, and get everything else done.   5. Who are the last five people you talked to?   Jeremy the German  - The IT guy who is repsonsible for installing the time-consuming yet fun Photoshop on my PC.  If there's been a lack of posts from me, blame the good people at Adobe.  It's tre fun.  Terri the Mexi-Canadian  - She's my neighbor at work across the aisle from me.  Amazingly, she's shown up for work everyday this week.  Then again, it IS only Wednesday.  Liz the Caucasian  - The supervisor for the CCS team delivered two delicious roast beef sandwiches to my cube, no C.O.D. required.  I guess I'll catch her on the flipside or something.  I offered to cut a check.  Offer refused.  Cim the Irish(?)  - She's out today because her little guy is sick.  I'm not sure if she's Irish or what, but her hair is reddish and it IS almost St. Patrick's day.  Mike the Fat Blob of Shit  - He waddled by and asked if Cim was out today.  I told him she was.  See above.  (I don't think we have any Jews working here.)