1. What is your favorite type of literature to read (magazine, newspaper, novels, nonfiction, poetry, etc.)?   I read fiction 99% of the time, but I like non-fiction and poetry too.    2. What is your favorite novel?  It is almost impossible for me to answer that question.  I have so many favorites (ask HAL).  But, if I had to pick one book, I would pick  Moby Dick .    3. Do you have a favorite poem? (Share it!)  Why Regret By Galway Kinnell  Didn't you like the way the ants help the peony globes open by eating off the glue? Weren't you cheered to see the ironworkers sitting on an I-beam dangling from a cable, in a row, like starlings, eating lunch, maybe baloney on white with flourescent mustard? Wasn't it a revelation to waggle from the estuary all the way up the river, the pirle, the kill, the run, the brook, the beck, the sike gone dry, to the shock of a spring? Didn't you almost shiver, hearing the book lice clicking their sexual syncopation inside the old Webster's  New International  - perhaps having just eating out of it  izle, xyster  and  thalassacon ? What did you imagine lay in store anyway at the end of a world whose sub-substance is ooze, gleet, birdlime, slime, mucus, muck? Don't worry about becoming emaciated - think of the wren and how little flesh is needed to make a song. Didn't it seem somehow familiar when the nymph split open and the magfly struggled free and flew and perched and then its own back split open and the imago, the true adult, somersaulted out backwards and took flight toward the swarm, mouth-parts vestigial alimentary canal unfit to digest food, a day or hour left to find the desired one? Or when Cassonova threw the linguine in squid ink out the window, telling his startled companion, "The perfected lover does not eat." As a child didn't you find it calming to think  of the pinworms as some kind of tiny batons giving cadence to the squeezes and releases around the downward march of debris? Didn't you once glimpse what seemed your own inner blazonry in the monarchs, wobbling  and gliding, in desire, in the middle air? Weren't you reassured at the thought that these flimsy, hinged beings might navigate their way to Mexico by the flair of the dead bodies of ancestors who fell in the same migration a year ago? Isn't it worth missing whatever joy you might have dreamed, to wake in the night and find you and your beloved are holding hands in your sleep?  [please don't sue me, Galway]   4. What is one thing you've always wanted to read, or wish you had more time to read?  The great works of Russian Literature.  Up next:   The Brothers Karamazov  and  War and Peace .  Yep, Duf' is serious.    5. What are you currently reading?   The Body Artist  by Don Delillo. Up next:  rereading  Lonesome Dove  by Larry McMurtry.