Guess wad? I guess to a certain extend all my worries last nite had been to waste! *lolx*  I mean the paper wasn't as hard as I had expected it to be lor, but still I doubt I'll pass. I didn't do the last question plus along the way I had a lot of faults....Hopefully it'll turn out better than I expected. Gonna be taking bio on the 13th, another scary paper... Haven't been very good at bio all along....praying like siao that I wun do too badly for it....need at least a B3 .... *shrugs*  guess this means I wun be sleeping for the next few nights....call me paranoid if you want to but I'm like this only when my results are concerned ok........They mean a lot to me, much as I hate to say this but in this world, what defines you (especially when it comes to job hunting), is still what is written on your report slip. Sad ain't it?? You can be the world's nicest person but without good grades to show, people would still be looking at you with disdain.  *sighzzz........* our reputation lies in the hands of others, much as we hate it but how people look at us matters. Reputation is really something that no one can afford to be fooling around with...........  can you imagine? If one day( dun get offended, it's jux a hypothesis...) someone discovered that Mother Theresa used to work in a carbaret, (forgive me...) as a can can girl, would people still have looked up to her as they had before? Maybe after witnessing her miracles, yes, but before?? No, people would probably be trampling on her and label her a sinner! Yes, such is life, cruel but true.  *sighzz*  wonder why people are more impressed by a Harvard degree than another of  equal standing local university degree? Cause' Harvard is famous for producing good students though not all who come out from there are equally good. When you enter Harvard, you are just paying to graduate with its letterhead, employers are impressed even if your results are mediocre, while another graduate from a local university would have to work doubly hard, score doubly well just to get the same kind of recognition a Harvard graduate have.  *shrugs and shakes head* nothing in this world is fair, guess we'll just have to accept. Only on Judgement Day, will everyone be judged for our deeds and faith. only then, will it really be fair.