         Heya. Today's the end of exams. Frankly speaking, today was kinda tiring. I think I am having a fever.  Okay. today's the last day of the Prelims. Biology Paper 1. I think, in lieu of my sickeness, I shan't discuss this paper. A depressing topic. Sigh. but let me tell you what happened. After the finishing the paper, I was so damn tired. I cna't sleep, or else I would get scolded. So I drew pics on my paper. After the paper, when I walked home with Janet, I felt realyl lethargic. My legs were weak, I feel like sleeping and my stomach hurts. I think a fever may be befalling upon me. I know these symptoms too well.   I planned to meet Wendy they all to eat Swensen together. I was so tired...I even slept while bathing. Then, I slept for about 15 minutes before going out.   I met Wendy on the 913 bus. Then we met YiChun and they decided to shop while waiting for the rest to arrive. I don't know anything, They went to Popular...but I was so tired, I could sleep. Then, we went outside Swensen to wait for the rest. I even sat down and slept. (Okay, KY! Stop talking about sleeping all the time!) MeiYing said that she would come late, so she told us to go eat first. We finally went in, after saying that nobody else would come.  Well, we went in, participated in a lucky draw. I won crap, but oh well. I didn't use the coupon anyway. We took a long time to decide. I decided on the Swensen Banana Spilt, I forgot what the two ate le. My order came last...hahaha...they took a long time to prepare. While eating ice-creams, we talked about our future. Wendy shared with YiChun what we discussed in her house that day. HaHa. Very silly ideas. But definitely funny.   Hann called and wanted to bring Jackelyn over. We were so excited. In the end leh, only Hann came in. Sigh. Jackelyn too paiseh. Anyway, Amanda and MeiYing came. HaHa! We all shared Earthquake together. I was too fulll at first, but I forced myself to eat lor. Taste nice. We all even promised to meet together next year. HaHa! That's a promise I am looking forward to. And we each have to pay $1.80 more, because of Service Charge. Sigh.   After that, we went to Cold Storage to buy our baking needs. Me and Wendy is gonna try baking  a cake today! HaHa! We brought Chocolate Milk, margarine, flour and cake mix.   After buying all that, they decided to shop at Metro. HaHa! At Metro, I saw a halte! It's almost the same one as what Paige wore last time. Oh god! It looked so damn beautiful! It's black and nice! I tried to make one of them try on the dress, but nobody wanted. Amanda said she's bet with me "Sicssors-Paper-Stone", if she lose, she would try on the halter. And she lost!! HaHa! And it turned out it looked very nice on manda. Seriously. She have the figure to pull it off lor. They said I am pervertic...but hey! I only wanted to see how people looked in it! After that, they went to choose clothes for moi. HaHa! Wendy even picked the wrong clothes....a female one. So paiseh! Well, the clothes were too big, but they said it kinda looked good on me. Hmm.  At 2, Wendy and I went back to her house to bake cake. A very large problem oppped out. The microwave spoilt. The "Start" button is spoilt. Sigh!! We churned out many ideas, but none of them worked. Wendy's mother finally said she will call the neighbours for us. In the end, she found a neighbour on the 12th floor who was willing to help out. We started to make the mix and everything. We can't make it even, we don't have the electric mixer. But we made do with it la.  After doing the mix and everything, Wendy went to fry luncheon meat. I slept in Wendy's room. Then, after frying luncheon, she called me up to fry eggs. She finally learnt how to crack eggs and open them. Good for her! We then continued to fry eggs. It turned out nice, yeah! Wendy offered to make instant noodles for me and told em to go sleep again. Actually hor, I felt guilty. I sleep in her bed while she do all the washing and cooking. She said she don't mind..I was sick after all.  After the mee is cooked and all, we ate and watched Sabrina at the same time. Star World was showing Sabrina Season 1. YaY! The mee taste good, and also the ham and egg. Then, after eating, we watched a bit of Final Fantasy movie. We have to switch it off, because we forgot to buy pork. We delievered the cake mix to Auntie Linda's house for her to bake.   We went down to NTUC buy pork. I can't stand the air-con there. Sigh! And my legs felt weak. I can't stand up for long. We got home quickly and watched the movie. It was very nice and exciting. But, again, we have to stop it halfway to get our baked cake. I hope we can see finish seeing it some other day.  The cake cracked in the middle, but it smells heavenly. We brought it back to Wendy's house. I tried some parts of the cake. The flavour is nice, tasty, but a little too soft. Auntie Linda said we have to add more margarine. Took note of that. I did't enjoy the cake fully, because I got no appetite. I just wanted to get back home to rest. I went home at 6.10 and took 913 bus (felt to tired to walk...) back home.  I took my temperature and found out that I am having a fever of 38.6. Sigh. Expected. I took the bath quite long. And I didn't eat my dinner fully. No appetite.My head hurts and I want to sleep. I managed to watch through 2 hours of TV. Holland V, First Touch and Living With Lydia.   After that, miraculously, my fever disaappeared. Not really a miracle. I took some Panadol. But I wanted to have my fever back. hen I was sick, I have no mood to go to school. Now, I still don't have mood to go school tomorrow. I must make myself sick. I really don't feel like going to school la.   I think I gotta go now. See ya tomorrow. Goodnight blog.