wow! i'm really lagging back on my blogs man...think i really gotta make it a point to come online more often...  anywayz, today is world AIDS day, i've kinda got a thousand and one things going on in my head now. i watched the movie   last night. its actually about the start ad spread of the AIDS virus. i almost cried. the courage that AIDS victims have is incredible, their will to live surpasses many healthy living people. the radio had something on about the story of bobby white too and its really getting me to start thinking about my life. i should be happy, i'm healthy and living well. i've got friends all around me and yet, i complain over the smallest things. i forgot that there are people out there who are more unfortunate than i am.   surprising isn't it? we will never know to appreciate what we have until we lose it. its the same with life, its often when u are about to lose it then will u start to really live it. i pray i'll never make this mistake. darts, i really can't write anymore, i've got so many words swimming around in my head, waiting to be written down but i can't do it. i guess it'll have to wait till tmr, when i'm feeling less sad i guess.     hey, this is to anyone who comes across this blog. pls dun treat AIDS victims like outcasts, some of them are just as innocent as you and me, they deserve as much respect as any other living person. in fact i think they deserve much more respect than what some people are giving them. they have the courage to live on and they believe in life, they never looked down on themselves, it really takes a great deal of courage to do this, give them credit for it.in the main time, pls practice safe sex and keep to one sexual partner only, you are not only doing yourself a big favour, you are also making our world a safer place for children to play and grow up in. AIDS is only spread through sexual intercourse and by blood, its not air borne and its not passed through saliva. today is world AIDS day, do show your support for these victims regardless of colour or race.