Oh man! I didn't get into the mass communications course.... I'm damn freaking pissed off man! Hey, lookie here, i applied for the mass com course at all five polys and i got into none of em! Wad the hell happened here? Not to say that i think highly of myself, but hey! My grades aren't that bad lor....i should have at least have got into NYP's mass communications and management course rite? Its a new course lor....with my english grade i shld get in rite? Wadever man...its their lost.. U know wad? Maybe Wendy is rite, i might do better in business than at mass com. The competition is much more intense lor....i think. Haha, i've got over it le la, juz wanna complain that's all... Haven't been reading the papers lately...got bit lagging behind the frontlines...hehe. Nothing much happened lately too except that i got picked up by a few guys at work...HAHA!  Weird sia! Something like that would never have happened at Metro lor. One's a chinese guy from Beijing. He came looking for clothes then started chatting wid me (haha) and asked for my number and whether i was free after work. LoLX, weird sia...  Second guy was a malay guy. He thot i was a malay at first den started asking me qns in malay (wad am i to do? i look like malay wad...), i smiled back politely and told him i'm chinese. U shld have seen the expression on his face sia! Shocked is the word....but that sure didn't stop him...he continued chatting and flirting with me lor. Wah kao, i really dunno wad to do sia....want to ditch him oso cannot! Thank God for William sia...haha! I sent the malay guy to the cashier and (thankfully) saw William nearby and (haha) excused myself to help him with his stuff... I rather work than be near that guy any minute longer lor...lolx  Anyway, I'm off today so jux slacking at home lor. Tmr's my birthday lei! Hahahehe....my 17th birthday le. I want my presents!! LoLx. Haven't received any presents yet lei...dunno if I'm gonna get any this year, especially since i'm not in school now and everyone else is busy with their own stuff...Haix...  To Those Who Know Me;   Tomorrow Is My Birthday Lei!! Remember My Presents HOr!!! Hehe.... Cheers people!