hrm...I'm bored. Yup,you got that right, I'm bored. I jux realize I've got a very passionate boyfriend, passionate about music that is. Once he starts playing he practically forgets the whole world except his music. Sometimes  I really can't help but wonder if this is a good thing or a bad thing. Well, no matter wad, I love him still. I guess this was why I was attracted to him on the first place, his passion for much and the way he interprets it is really beautiful, he's got a beautiful mind although it gets a little crowd at times and I can't read into it but still I think its beautiful... =)oh man, I miss him........  anyway, enough of him. I was reading this book on Chinese history just a while ago before I came online(the translated and shortened version that is...)and sad as this is gonna sound. I found it rather absurd, the Confucius part that is. I mean I'm a history student by choice and I love reading up about it. I haven't studied history in depth (well, they dun offer it to poly students...)but I did do it for 4 years and I'm a pretty good history student(I think...). I've read about historical events of the world since I'm in primary school man! History is the story about dead people but it is also a lesson learned and trialed by time. Well, I'm moving away from wad I wanted to start tying about about in the first place so, uh hrm, I'm back.   as I was saying, I was reading up about the history of china from the beginning to the three kingdoms. I gotta say, I found it very interesting except for the part that Confucius had in the place of Chinese history. China's history is the history of the world. Its dynasty rises and falls and it has gone through more battles and treachery than most of the western countries have gone through or encountered, I can proudly say, I'm proud of the rich history I have as a Chinese but the part where Confucius came in really sucked man! He set up some rules and protocols governing the way of life of the people that (I believe anyway...) totally made life unbearable. What Confucius had in china was what Stalin had created for Lenin, a cult culture. Thankfully he didn't do it on purpose or for his own gain or the consequences would have been unthinkable...But still, oh gosh! Emperors followed his ideas blindly and so fervently that the absurdity and stupidity of the whole idea simply astonished me. A lot of Confucius ideas were on the individual's role and responsibility in society. Men are suppose to work and support the family while the wives stay at home and have no life of their own. Their whole life is dedicated to their parents, siblings, husband then children. She had no life of her own, her whole life revolved around others. Their male counterparts role is about the same except that he had to provide for the family as well and more emphasis was placed on filial piety. There was an incident cited in the book that really struck me. a soldier deserted his camp 3 times so that he could go home to look after his father was praised by his officials for his filial piety while the others that died in his place received none of that. Now, imagine this, what if half of the active serving troops decide to desert camp for the same reason? Who the hell would be left to fight the ongoing war? If there aren't enough people serving in the frontlines, everyone else back home would probably get slaughtered after the invasion and life of a thousand would be lost because of these 'filial' sons, what good is filial piety if you're probably gonna die for it? And need I remind you, this happened during the Spring and Autumn period. It was a time of war and turbulence. Can u imagine if that is to be applied into today's life? =S   sadly, I can't totally disagree with Confucius. His ideas formed the very basis of the Chinese lifestyle and beliefs. Without him, I(we) probably won't be what we are today. His ideas suited the people and leaders then. It was something different and most importantly, it gave them a sense of direction and purpose. When war has ended, soldiers had have nothing more to look out for, families have nothing to fear or worry about anymore, not that people especially loved war and unrest, everybody looks forward to peace and prosperity but when one suddenly has nothing to think or worry about, life suddenly becomes aimless. Confucius ideas were the basic building blocks of many dynasties. It gave the rulers and the people something to work on and believe in rather than have to start everything right from scratch. Its not that easy. One's culture and beliefs takes time to form, like civilisations but dynasties some and go, they fall and they rise again. They get replaced by something else more sophisticated each time before time catches up and modernisation takes place, replacing dynasties with communism, socialism, capitalism so on and so forth. But if u'd look back carefully, maybe you'd realize what we have today was built on what was lost yesterday. The very basis of our ways of governing, yes is more up to date and more humane but if you take away the modern terms and facades, one might find himself/herself face to face with a method or way of government that has existed way before the word democracy even came about.   I guess what I'm trying to put across here is that to some people, history is just the study of events and people(mostly dead) of the past. It holds no link or reference to the modern world we live in, therefore a useless subject(as some of my friends and relatives have said..." might as well study geography! More use !") but don't forget, if not for yesterday, there might be no tomorrow, don't take your own history for granted, you are what you are today because of what happened yesterday.