Yes! I'm here to fufill my vow of updating my blog more frequently... Dunno how long I can keep this up though...Ha. Anyway, nothing much happened today. In fact, it was so boring I thought I could die! Argh...I simply surprised myself by not going out today (a first in many days...) this came about really, as an incredible feat especially if you know me. I'm the kinda person who can hardly keep still and yet I managed to force myself to sit infront of the computer rather than pick up my bag and go out. Yes, my day was simply spent in front of the computer, at home. WOW! Oh man, one more day like this and I think I'm gonna die! ArGh....  But I guess its worth it, provided my videos finish downloading by tmr that is. Otherwise I think I just might go nuts. Yes, I spent the whole day downloading songs that I thought of using for my auditions for the Singapore Idol thingy...Ha! Yup, I signed up for the competition. Hey, I know that there is this terribly high chance that I might jux be the next William Hung but WHO CARES! I mean look at it this way, its a once in a lifetime thingy man! I know I'm never gonna get the chance to do it again if I missed this chance. Who the heck would want an 80 year old granny as their Singapore Idol?? Yeah, its that kinda thing u know. To do it once and get over it, so that you wun have any regrets later on in life. Who knows? Maybe there ARE people who are totally tone deaf but are having the Idol dream? As pit against them I'm pretty sure I'll fare well lo...I'm actually a pretty good singer depending on my mood that is. Who knows? There are a thousand and one possibilities to a single situation, so y not just give it a try? Even if I do end up in the blobbers segment, I would rest in peace knowing that I've done my best AMEN! I guess I'll survive just fine, I mean what's there to fear? I know I'm gonna have Wendy there to support me (oh yeah, she's taking part too!! YEAH!!) and a whole bunch of pals at home waving their pom-poms, drumming up a song of victory and courage for the both of us so yeah, I think we're gonna do just fine if u know what I mean...  My Simpson fever has just reached a new height upon the discovery of the Simpson video online and as I'm typing this entry, my computer is busily trying to cope with the amount of Simpson video I've lined up to be downloaded. Its really quite scary judging by the number of remotely queued videos I've got but hey, how often is it that I would actually sit down and do this? Once in a blue moon lo...Its not that often that my boyfriend falls sick and I've got no one to hang out with...OOPS! Did I let the cat of the bag?? Hehe....Ok ok, maybe I had an ulterior motive for staying at home but the thing that really matters here is still that I stayed at home rite? I'm not the bad girl that everyone makes me out to be, I can be homely and stay at home too wad....hehe I'm starting to get bored, none of the videos wish to finish downloading...which translate to mean I'm probably not gonna get to watch them tonite. Oh yeah, did i mention i'm also downloading some episodes of the Charmed series? Yeah, so Kel? If u want them jux let me know and i'll send it over... Oh ya, i finally found The Nightmare Before Christmas too! But i'm not too sure if its gonna be the full movie or not. if its the full movie, i'm so gonna ask wendy to burn it for me man! i've looked all over Singapore for a copy of it but yes, to no avail. They've onli got it on DVD(i dun have a player at home tat supposrts it) but its all sold out lor! Or i would have bought it and dropped by my friend's place to watch it... ArGh.... Hrm...i think that's enuf grumbling for a day besides, i wanna go watch Jurassic Park le. So here's to u blog, GOOD NITE AND GOOD BYE!