He...Just realize I haven't been updating my blog again lately... So I guess I'm back!   well, a lot of things happened this few weeks that I was away from my blog, so much that I dun really know where to start blogging about. First up, to everyone who have been messaging me but not receiving a reply, I'm really sorry guys, my phoneline got cut. Guess my dad failed to pay his part of the bill again...Well, wad to do? Anyway, where did I stop the last time? The Singapore idol part rite? Yeah, I think so. Well, lets see...I finally got in touch with this primary school friend of mine after a really long time. She's currently in India, waiting to do her A' levels. Her birthday's on the 4th of July(I almost forgot about that..) and yeah, I received her email last night and I managed to pull my fingers to work and typed her a pretty long mail updating her on my current happenings for the past 3 months?? hahaha...Not an easy task I tell you... I haven't seen mum in a week already and I miss him so badly but no matter how bad I know its probably never gonna be as bad as how much wendy's missing kailun.     I HATE tHAT GUY!!!    he went to cathay when Wendy was working with this dumb bitch lor and I guess it really got on wendy's nerves. She broke down and called me(I was sleeping at that moment...)and started sobbing. I mean, fuck him la! I really didn't have a bloody clue as in to what she wants me to do lor. He's a fucking asshole and she knows that, we(kel and I) warned her about him and giving him another chance again but she didn't quite register our words and now this. What do you want me to do? No, put it this way, what the fucking hell can I do? I wanna kick his ass lor but I'm not there and he's probably not worth the effort. Who would be happy to hear something like that happen? Especially when you've already predicted the ending but no one gave a damn about it. So fine, I let you go ahead and do what you think is right and best for you. Hey, its your life man! I'm in no control of it, I dun want to be. So yeah, I let her go do what she wants and when she got hurt she came back to me, I didn't mind that part seriously, I dun mind that at all. She's almost like a sister to me, I'll die for her if I had to but what can I do? I'm at home, she's at work, crying for some asshole that nobody really likes. Worse still, why is she crying? cause'he went to the movies with a pretty girl. Well, told you it was gonna happen. Been there, done that. Then what happen, she said she tink she called the wrong person, I got admit, I didn't sound like I cared but you know what? You needed to talk so I let you, what am I to do? I can feel this thing boiling inside of me, if I actually spoke more than what I did that day I'd probably end up scolding her and when I say scold I really mean it. Its probably gonna make her feel 10x worse lor, so why bother? Lets just say I'm not exactly the best kinda friend you'd wanna have lo. In fact, I think I'm a lousy person altogether. I believe in letting people do what they wanna do and hopefully they'll learn their lesson from there.    give a man a fish, it'll feed him for a day.  teach a man to fish, it'll feed him a lifetime.   so yeah, that's what I did but more than often I get blamed for allowing things to happen although I knew it was gonna happen. I get blamed for leaving people in the lurch and not being the sympathic friend. Well, guess what? Its ok, I'm used to it! Blame me for all the fucking problems you have, for not being understanding, for not knowing sympathy etc etc etc...I'm used to it. I'm fine with it. I live my whole darn fucking life for others. I've lived my whole life trying to be what others want me to be but know what? I never quite make the cut. I love my friends, I'd make myself look bad if it makes them look or feel good but you know what? Its still not quite good enough. I dunno what else to do...or maybe I should just stop doing anything, I should just stop trying, I know its definitely gonna make my life a lot easier...