         I am back.  I joined a new guild. A X-Men guild. I hope this is the right guild for me. The members are mostly Singaporeans, and I can't understand their chatspeak. Seriously! Can they type properly? Or it is already part of Singaporean students' life? If this is so, then that's really bad. I really wonder how they are going to pass EL.  Today, the person I mentioned at my first post talked to me. Big deal. Except he screamed and accursed me! I hate being accursed! Spoilt my mood for the whole day.  I am gonna watch the new Channel 8 show later, about kids having diseases and doctors and nurses caring about them. I wanna go watch. I hope they don't place the main focus on the doctor and nurses and their romantic romps. That would have been sucky.   For your information, I am eating currypuff later. Yeah.   Just for fun, let me give you something to laugh about:    Once upon a time, there lived a man who loved everything about the colour green.   He dyed his hair green, wore green clothes, green underwear and green shoes. He kept a green cat and green fish as pets in his green apartment with green hi-fi set and green television.   His favourite pastime is playing games on his green computer with green mouse and green keyboard.   One day, the green man was in the green bathtub taking a bath when someone rang the green doorbell. The green man hurriedly wrapped his green towel around his waist and rushed down the green stairs to open the green door.  A female salesperson was standing outside. Before the green man could say anything, the salesperson immediately began her sales pitch. On and on...until a breeze blew by. The green man's green towel got blown away. At this moment, the salesperson looked down at the green man and noticed he was naked and at the sight of his wang which was tatooed green, she was so shocked that she turned around and dashed across the street and was promptly knocked down by a car.  What's the moral of the story? - - - - - - - - - - - - Are you ready for this? - - - - - - - - - - - - -  Never cross the street when the green man is flashing.