         Today, an interesting event happened. My calculator with the off button was  kidnapped . It is very rare, for everyone have calculators without the off button. My calculator is   RARE SPECIES ! And it was kidnapped, as mentioned in the first sentence. By who, you ask. By...... WEN QIANG !  And I WAS SO WRONGLY ACCURSED! AND SLAPPED! PAH! BAH!  I left my calculator on the table, apparently forgotten about it (What a  heinous  crime!). Wen Qiang took it, and secretly hid it in my bag. He placed it in somewhere which I don't normally place my calculator. And, because of this, I was sent back and fro 4/5 and 4/6 upteen times, asking who took my calculator with the precious off button. At the end of the day, WQ took my calculator out, and  SLAPPED  me for being stupid. I was so wrongly slapped for something I am innocent of.  BAH!  WQ...you listen and you listen good. I am never trusting you again.  Until I cool off la.    I dunnoe why, but I also expect a birthday present from WQ. I don't care whatever it is! I want something from him. No present, write me a letter.  WHATEVER.  I knew Shuet Ling brought a present for me already. Was kinda surprised. Didn't expect a present from her. Well, I am certainly gonna buy something for her birthday. Wendy's preparing for my present, but she dunnoe what 'original' present to get me. Ayiah, relax la, Wendy! Give me something can liao lor. The Artemis Fowl book can already la!! Don't stress yourself out so much.  I am not worth that!  Meanwhile, dunnoe about CQ they all. I am waiting to be " surprised ". I am kinda buay hao bai right, talking about presents? But I am so excited! 7 more days!!   Today, I was watching TV. I saw a commercial for Titanic. They are showing the movie this Sunday. And I heard  Celine Dion's My Heart Will Go On . I remembered it, and downloaded the mp3 later. So, the lyrics for the day is this particular song. Immerse yourself into this beautiful love song!    Celine Dion - My Heart Will Go On   Every night in my dreams I see you. I feel you. That is how I know you go on.  Far across the distance And spaces between us You have come to show you go on.  Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once more you open the door  And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on    Love can touch us one time And last for a lifetime And never go till we're one    Love was when I loved you One true time I hold to In my life we'll always go on   Near, far, wherever you are I believe that the heart does go on Once more you open the door  And you're here in my heart And my heart will go on and on   There is some love that will not go away  You're here, there's nothing I fear, And I know that my heart will go on We'll stay forever this way You are safe in my heart  And my heart will go on and on      Ahh. That's about all for the day. Goodnight!