         Ahhh! What a meowing today!  I am left all alone, again, with my brother for the night. It's gonna be like a every Sunday thing (except when my mother's not working). Suddenly, I became the head of the family(for the night). I have to buy dinner for me and my brother. I have to look after the whole house, and him. The leadership position got thrown to me. I feel....I dunnnoe. I don't know how to describe my feeling. I have to be more responsible. I have to make sure nothing goes wrong. O.o o.O  I surfed the Internet today, for most of the days. Yeah. Today's kinda boring.  Tomorrow's back to school! Wee....for the Chem, Bio and Humanities lessons. Yeah! Kinda excited about it! Get to go to school again! Strangely enough, I miss school. I am weird. But who cares?   Oh well, I shall end this with  Eyes On Me , an ending theme for Final Fantasy VIII. Enjoy!     Eyes On Me - Faye Wong   Whenever sang my songs On the stage, on my own Whenever said my words Wishing they would be heard  I saw you smiling at me Was it real or just my fantasy  You'd always be there in the corner Of this tiny little bar  My last night here for you Same old songs, just once more My last night here with you?  Maybe yes, maybe no I kind of liked it your way How you shyly placed your eyes on me    Oh, did you ever know? That I had mine on you   *Darling, so there you are With that look on your face As if you're never hurt As if you're never down  Shall I be the one for you  Who pinches you softly but sure If frown is shown then I will know that you are no dreamer   So let me come to you Close as I wanted to be Close enough for me To feel your heart beating fast And stay there as I whisper    How I loved your peaceful eyes on me did you ever know That I had mine on you   Darling, so share with me Your love if you have enough Your tears if your're holding back Or pain if that's what it is How can I let you know I'm more than the dress and the voice  Just reach me out then You will know that you're not dreaming   [Repeat *]   Goodnight to all of you!