         Hmm. Got lots to talk about today.  Today, Wendy borrowed me her FF Movies CD. I watched some of the movies at her house. I was instantly captivated! The scenes were so real, the characters were so real. Their poise, their movement was so romantic. I felt attracted, captivated, enchanted and charmed by them! From then on, I became addicted to the FMVs. Oh my! And I thought they were just some "ordinary cartoons" once. Ahh!! What a atrocious thought then!  Today, I found out that children, little children, are very pure. Very innocent. I tell you why. I was coming back from Wendy's house. I was at the void deck, waiting for the lift. Besides me was a small boy with a bicycle. I was strolling around, waiting for the lift to come down. Then, the little boy motioned towards me, said "ehh" and pointed to the lift. He was telling me the lift arrived (even though I knew because I saw from the corner of my eye). So nice of him. Then, after getting down from his floor (2nd floor), he turned towards me and said, "Bye Bye". It made me smile. Hardly anyone these days are so friendly towards their neighbours, especially adults. This little kid is an exception. It made me realised that kids are so innocent, so pure, not tainted at all. After being exposed to society and its' rules, they began to lose all their innocence. Such a cruel fate. It is un-escapable. But hey, I am still smiling. The little boy brightened up my day.   Ahh. Yesterday you learnt an interesting fact about me. Today you learn another. Everynight, before turning into bed, I must listen to "Time To Say Goodbye" (please refer to June 24th's entry for lyrics and website). I must! The music is so alluring, so drawing. Ahhh!  For today's song, I shall dedicate "I'll Be There For You" by The Rembrandts to all my friends out there. Remember, I'll Be There For You. Oh yes, this song is the Friends' Theme Song.     The Rembrandts - I'll Be There for You    So no one told you life was gonna be this way Your job's a joke, you're broke, your love life's DOA It's like you're always stuck in second gear, When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year, but...   I'll be there for you... When the rain starts to pour I'll be there for you... Like I've been there before I'll be there for you... 'Cause you're there for me too.   You're still in bed at ten, though work begins at eight, You burned your breakfast, so far things are going great, Your mother warned you there'd be days like these, But she didn't tell you when the world was brought down to your knees that...   I'll be there for you... When the rain starts to pour I'll be there for you... Like I've been there before I'll be there for you... 'Cause you're there for me too.   No one could ever know me. No one could ever see me. Seems your the only one who knows what it's like to be me  Someone to face the day with. Make it through all the mess with. Someone I'll always laugh with. Even at my worst, I'm best with.... you - yeah   It's like you're always stuck in second gear, When it hasn't been your day, your week, your month, or even your year, but...   I'll be there for you... When the rain starts to pour I'll be there for you... Like I've been there before I'll be there for you... 'Cause you're there for me too...    Goodnight all! See ya tomorrow!