         Ayiah, today nothing much happened. If you don't count the constant running up and down of escalators in the Woodlands Regional Library.   I found out, that I have 9 books to complete reading. Oh my god! I read some, then read another....now I have 2 overlapping books, each clamouring for my attention. These 9 books are listed below: -->Reader Digest (July's Issue)  -->Huanted By Desire -->Charmed Again -->Garden Of Evil -->Dark Vegeance -->Shadow Of The Sphinx -->The Complete Idiot's Guide To Classical Mythology (reading it) -->Scandal (reading it) -->To Stir A Magick Cauldron  This is giving me a headache. Ahh....never mind. I take turns reading. That's a crazy idea though.  Okay, today's song of the day is: SAR-Vivor Rap. Yep! I love the song. So nice! You can get it from me anytime. Just ask. I got he mp3.    Phua Chu Kang - SAR-vivor Rap   Wah steady ah .. heahea Phua Chu Kang is here to rap ah.. Listen ah ..  Some say leh, some say lah Uncle Phua says time to fight SARS Singaporeans, we have a part to play to be SARS-free at the end of the day  Wash your hands whenever you can Wash with soap then at least got hope When you get home, get a bath quickly! Kiasu abit, be safe not SAR-ry!  Try not to travel to SARS countries Wait a few months lah wait and see So why you rush to catch that plane? Use Internet lah! Use your brain  Getting protection from this virus Means getting healthy inside us Don't work too much until you're sick Get exercise and get yourself fit  Food nutrition and vitamins Help you to pass the immunity challenge Eat your proteins, carbo and fibre Then you can be a ... SAR-vivor!!!  PCK says, Dun play play! Or this stupid SARS is here to stay. For we can fight this, you and me. Help Singapore to be SARS-FREE!!!  I'm a SAR-vivor not gonna give up I'm a SAR-vivor I'm gonna make it (4x)  Some say leh, some say lah Spread kaya, but don't spread SARS! Singaporeans, we have a part to play to be SARS-free at the end of the day  If you're sick don't go to work Even if your boss.. ahem... is a jerk Don't be a hero and continue working Wait the whole company kana quarantine ah!!!  If you're sick see a doctor See the same one don't be a doc-hopper Wait at the clinic, stay in one spot Don't spread your germs in the coffee shop  If you have SARS call 993 Ambulance will come for FREE To check you up at Tan Tock Seng Where they know about SARS Like I know Ah Beng ah  Hey you kana home quarantine Don't go out except in your dreams Tahan awhile and cooperate Don't give everybody a big headache ah!!  PCK says, Dun play play! Or this stupid SARS is here to stay. For we can fight this, you and me. Help Singapore to be SARS-FREE!!!  SARS SARS baby Don't kana SARS SARS baby Use your brain, Use Your Brain, USE YOUR BRAIN!!! (2X)  Some say leh, some say lah Keep the place clean and keep out SARS Singaporeans, we have a part to play to be SARS-free at the end of the day  Keep our country clean and green Because nowadays the germs are mean Don't leave food for stray dogs or cats Unless you want to keep their germs as pets  Cover your mouth if you cough or sneeze You think everyone wants to spread your disease ah? Don't Ka-PUI all over the place You might as well KAAA-PUI on my face ah!!!  Don't put your tissue all over the shop Think almost you use liao, Don't use so much lah Oei make me sick when people don't care Oei make you sick when you breathe the air ah...  Even when things are getting better Don't do things and become a regretter Think SARS is gone? YOUR HEAD LAH!!! But listen to me ah, it'll be okay loh...  PCK says, Dun play play! Or this stupid SARS is here to stay. For we can fight this, you and me. Help Singapore to be SARS-FREE!!!  Can't SARS me! A-bah! Hea... One more time ah.. Ahem.. karaoke Can't SARS me! Not bad ah.. Heaheahea.. Lai ah.. Let's sing together.. Can't SARS me! Don't be shy ah! Don't be shy..Lai.. Ready...GO Can't SARS me!  SARS SARS baby (heahea...Not bad ah.. I can nicer lah) Don't kana SARS SARS baby Use your brain, Use Your Brain, USE YOUR BRAIN!!! (2X)  This is dedicated to all the doctors, nurses, medical people and other heros for fighting SARS and other diseases everyday ah!!! PCK Pte Ltd respect you ah! And when you come to me for renovation ah... Oei.. I give you a special discount ah.. 50% ah.. HUH? Okay okay lah.. 70% lah Hey oei oei ! Free calendar also I give you Eh wait wait wait, I also got website leh .. Ah.. Don't pray pray ah.. My website is : WWW... erm..ww .. ww.. I forgot ah ..  Er wait wait, WW.. Dot ..ah got one dot down there ah.. I know WWW ah got dot.. ww ... Haiya just look lah Enter W can already lah   HeHeHe. Goodnight!