         Actually, not that tired now. Was too lazy to type just now.  HaHa. Wendy told me she come to my blog everyday to read. Felt so happy for her dedication. HaHa. Like my blog is THAT interesting. Okay, after thinking, maybe it is. :) My blog is meowing. Yeah.  You know, I just realized something. In my first entry (go to the May archive to check it), I said I "probably won't update it anyway". But hey! Look at it now! I am writing at least something everyday. HaHa! Amazed at myself. Ayiah, I am weird (okay okay,  special ) one la. Say something now, do another later.   Hmmm...I heard of a story. Wendy's friend's girlfriend passed away one month ago due to cancer. They broke up before she died. The heart-wrenching part is that the girlfriend never gave up hope. She wrote in her diary everyday "I miss him".  She never gave up, never. Such commedable spirits! Her never-lasting love should be respected. This is a sad story. I feel pity, yet respect in awe for her.   Bouncing off from sadness, we now come to education. I read a good article in the Neopian times, stating how educational Neopets can be. Check out   ember188's  article. It's worth a read.  Today, I want to introduce a new song. It's an Italian song, sung by Sarah Brightman & Andrea Bocelli. The title is: Time To Say Goodbye. I am posting the translated English lyrics. If you want the original one, go   here .     Time to say goodbye       --     I'll go with you   Sarah  When I'm alone I dream of the horizon and words fail; yes, I know there is no light in a room where the sun is absent, if you are not here with me. At the windows show everyone my heart which you set alight; enclose within me the light you encountered on the street.   Time to say goodbye.     --     I'll go with you to countries I never saw and shared with you, now, yes, I shall experience them. I'll go with you on ships across seas which, I know, no, no, exist no longer; it's time to say goodbye.     --     with you I shall experience them.    Andrea  When you are far away I dream of the horizon and words fail, and, yes, I know that you are with me; you, my moon, are here with me, my sun, you are here with me with me, with me, with me.   Time to say goodbye.     --     I'll go with you to countries I never saw and shared with you, now, yes, I shall experience them. I'll go with you on ships across seas which, I know, no, no, exist no longer,    Both  with you I shall experience them again. I'll go with you on ships across seas which, I know, no, no, exist no longer, with you I shall experience them again. I'll go with you.   You and me.   Goodnight all.