         Today's topic of discussion:  Storm   Storm. A famous X-Men. She has the ability to manipulate the weather. Storm is just but her codename. Her real name is Ororo Munroe. She came from Africa, her mother's tribe. She was called "Beautiful Windrider" in her tribe.  Let me just give you a brief history of her.  Ororo Munroe, born in New York City, USA, was the daughter of David Munroe (a reporter) and N'Dare Munroe (a princess of a tribe). When she was six, while en route to her mohter's village in Kenya, the plane crashed. Her parents were killed, but she survived. Being stuck under a pile of rubble for a long time traumatized Ororo so badly, that she suffers from claustrophobia, a fear of closed spaces. She was picked up by a master thief, and became a thief until she was eight. Then, her powers started developing, and she went back to her mother's village and settled there. She was worhsipped as a "Weather Goddess". When she was 18+, Professor X came by the village. He had sensed her using Cerebro, and has intention to pick her up to join his team of X-Men.  She accepted and became an important player of the team.  What's her mutant powers, you ask?  She can manipulate the weather, via her mind. She can sense shifts in the atmosphere, air changes. She can manipulate the air pattern so that it can bring about the desired effect, like adding more water vapour to make it rain. Basically, she manipulates particles in the air to do her bidding.   There is one interesting thing to note about her. She can prevent psychic from entering her mind. How so? Firstly, due to her manipulation of electricty, she creates static around her mind, giving any psychic who tries to enter her mind a hell of a headache. Secondly, when she is in full control of her powers, her mind is impoosible to be read. The pattern changes causes a psychic disturbance and trying to read her mind would be like trying to grab hold of a lightning bolt. Ouch for both intances. Major ouches.  Why am I so fascinated with her?   She got this elegant carriage. She is wise, she isn't rushful. She makes good decisions, a valuable team member. She looks great too, especially with the white hair of her. Totally stunning. She got these cool mutant powers. I want them!! Actually, the main factor is mainly her wise and elegant carriage. I got this thing for "wise" people. It is not so often in a superheroes comic do you spot someone so mature in her thinking and doesn't rush things, like many heroes does. She actually uses her mind to think, to analyze about the situation. A feat worthy to be praised, admired for! A very good learning role-model for us.  My concluding statement:   STORM FOREVER!