         Okay. Today's Jokes Day. I got nothing to write la, except: GOOD LUCK TO ME IN MY O LEVEL CHINESE!!!  -----  Once upon a time, there lived a man who had a terrible passion for baked beans. He loved them, but they always had an embarrassing and somewhat lively reaction on him. One day he met a girl and fell in love. When it was apparent that they would marry, he thought to himself 'She'll never go for me carrying on like that,' so he made the supreme sacrifice and gave up beans, and shortly after that they got married.  A few months later, on the way home from work, his car broke down and since they lived in the country, he called his wife and told her he would be late because he had to walk. On his way home, he passed a small cafe and the wonderful aroma of baked beans overwhelmed him. Since he still had several miles to walk he figured he could walk off any ill affects before he got home. So he went in and ordered, and before leaving had three extra large helpings of baked beans. All the way home he farted. He 'putted' down one hill and 'putt-putted' up the next. By the time he arrived home he felt reasonably safe.   His wife met him at the door and seemed somewhat excited. She exclaimed, 'Darling, I have the most wonderful surprise for you for dinner tonight!' She put a blindfold on him, and led him to his chair at the head of the table and made him promise not to peek. At this point he was beginning to feel another one coming on. Just as she was about to remove the blindfold, the telephone rang. She again made him promise not to peek until she returned, and she went to answer the phone.   While she was gone, he seized the opportunity. He shifted his weight to one leg and let go. It was not only loud, but *ripe* as a rotten egg.   He had a hard time breathing, so he felt for his napkin and fanned the air about him. He had just started to feel better, when another urge came on. He raised his leg and 'rrriiiipppp!' It sounded like a diesel engine revving, and smelled worse. To keep from gagging, he tried fanning his arms a while, hoping the smell would dissipate. Things had just about returned to normal when he felt another urge coming. He shifted his weight to his other leg and let go. This was a real blue ribbon winner; the windows rattled, the dishes on the table shook and a minute later the flowers on the table were dead. While keeping an ear tuned in on the conversation in the hallway, and keeping his promise of staying blindfolded, he carried on like this for the next ten minutes, farting and fanning them each time with his napkin.   When he heard the 'phone farewells' (indicating the end of his loneliness and freedom) he neatly laid his napkin on his lap and folded his hands on top of it. Smiling contentedly, he was the picture of innocence when his wife walked in. Apologizing for taking so long, she asked if he had peeked at the dinner. After assuring her he had not, she removed the blindfold and yelled, 'Surprise!'   To his shock and horror, there were twelve dinner guests seated around the table for his surprise birthday party.   --------  The Camping Trip  Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip.   After a good meal and a bottle of wine, they lay down for the night and went to sleep.  Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his faithful friend. "Watson, look up and tell me what you see."  Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars."   "What does that tell you?"  Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo. Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a quarter past three. Theologically, I can see that God is all powerful and that we are small and insignificant. Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a beautiful day tomorrow. Why, what does it tell YOU?"  Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke.   "Watson, you idiot. Some jerk has stolen our tent."   -------  A Shaggy Dog Story  A young man goes off to college, but about a third the way through the semester, he has foolishly squandered what money his parents gave him. "Hmmmm," he wonders, "How am I gonna get more dough?" Then he gets an idea.  He calls his father. "Dad," he says, "You won't believe the wonders that modern education are coming up with! Why, they actually have a program here that will teach Fido how to talk!"   "That's absolutely amazing!" his father says. "How do I get him in that program?"   "Just send him down here with $1000," the boy says, "I'll get him into the course."  So, his father sends the dog and the $1000. About two thirds the way through the semester, the money runs out. So the boy calls his father again. "So how's Fido doing, son?" his father asks.  "Awesome, dad, he's talking up a storm," he says. "But you just won't believe this--now they have a program here that will teach Fido to READ!"  "READ!?" says his father, "That's amazing! What do I have to do to get him in that program?"   "Just send $2,500, I'll get him in the class." So his father sends the money.   At the end of the semester, the boy has a problem. When he gets home, his father will  find out that the dog can neither talk nor read. So he shoots the dog. When he gets  home, his father is all excited. "Where's Fido? I just can't wait to hear him talk and listen  to him read something!"   "Dad," the boy says, "I have some grim news. This morning when I got out of the  shower, Fido was in the living room kicking back in the recliner and reading the morning paper, like he usually does. Then he turned to me and asked 'So, is your daddy still  messin' around with that little redhead that lives down on Oak Street?' "  The father says, "I hope you SHOT that lyin' son-of-a-*****!"   --------  A very shy guy goes into a bar and sees a beautiful woman sitting at the bar. After an  hour of gathering up his courage he finally goes over to her and asks, tentatively, "Um, would you mind if I chatted with you for a while?"  She responds by yelling, at the top of her lungs, "No, I won't sleep with you tonight!" Everyone in the bar is now staring at them.  Naturally, the guy is hopelessly and completely embarrassed and he slinks back to his  table.  After a few minutes, the woman walks over to him and apologizes. She smiles at him and says, "I'm sorry if I embarrassed you. You see, I'm a graduate student in psychology and  I'm studying how people respond to embarrassing situations."  To which he responds, at the top of his lungs, "What do you mean $200?"  -------  A woman was out golfing one day when she hit her ball into the woods. She went into the woods to look for it and found a frog in a trap.  The frog said to her, "If you release me from this trap, I will grant you 3 wishes."  The woman freed the frog and the frog said, "Thank you, but I failed to mention that there was a condition to your wishes (naturally) -that whatever you wish for, your husband will get 10 times more or better!"  The woman said, "That would be okay," and for her first wish, she wanted to be the most beautiful woman in the world.  The frog warned her, "You do realize that this wish will also make your husband the most handsome man in the world, an Adonis, that women will flock to."  The woman replied, "That will be okay because I will be the most beautiful woman and he will only have eyes for me."  So, KAZAM - she's the most beautiful woman in the world!  For her second wish, she wanted to be the richest woman in the world. The frog said, "That will make your husband the richest man in the world and he will be ten times richer than you. " The woman said, "That will be okay because what is mine is his and what is his is mine."  So, KAZAM she's the richest woman in the world! The frog then inquired about her third wish, and she answered, "I'd like a mild heart attack."  --------  One Smart Blonde  A blonde and a lawyer are seated next to each other on a flight from LA to NY. The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game? The blonde, tired, just wants to take a nap, politely declines and rolls over to the window to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists and explains that the game is easy and a lot of fun. He explains, "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me $5.00, and vise versa."  Again, she declines and tries to get some sleep.  The lawyer, now agitated, says, "Okay, if you don't know the answer you pay me $5.00, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500.00."  This catches the blonde's attention and, figuring there will be no end to this torment unless she plays, agrees to the game.  The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the earth to the moon?"  The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches into her purse, pulls out a $5.00 bill and hands it to the lawyer. "Okay, " says the lawyer, "your turn".  She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four legs?"  The lawyer, puzzled, takes out his laptop computer and searches all his references, no answer. He taps into the air phone with his modem and searches the net and the library of congress, no answer. Frustrated, he sends e-mail to all his friends and coworkers, to no avail. After an hour, he wakes the blonde, and hands her $500.00.  The blonde says, "Thank you, " and turns back to get some more sleep.  The lawyer, who is more than a little miffed, wakes the blonde and asks, "Well, what's the answer?"  Without a word, the blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5.00, and goes back to sleep.  ------    That's all folks!