         Ha! You heard it, you saw it! Yes! My father didn't pay 4 months worth of bill, therfore, i was cut off from the internet world. How torturous! How heart-wrenching. How embarrassing. But why is this blog appearing? Because!!! Because my mother paid the bill for me! Thanks Mom! Thank you Thank you!  You know, these days, when I am not online, all I did was sleep. Yea! People thought I would study...but no! I sleep instead! I am turning into a lazy cat! Ahh!  I didn't beg for my parents to help me re-activate my account. I figured they didn't need the extra burden. And I figured that if they re-activate, they would tell me. Ahh.... I matured in that sense. I am proud of myself.  My friends leh.....they keep teasing me about not beign able to come online. Ha! I am online now! YaY! Anyway, they keep giving me advice on saving my parent's expenses, like sharing with my brother internet! There is NO WAY I can do that! I don't like to share. I want my own privacy, for goodness sake! Anyway, whatever la.   Today, something happened. I took a look at Hann's EL file. I saw the Spanish thingy about facial features and all that ("She got a sharp nose", "high cheekbones" and all that). Hann saw me, came over, and made a big hell of a fuss. He was saying something like me invading his privacy. Hello!!! And he prevented me from writing down the website address. Like must hide these things from me. What the heck! He wants to protect his own privacy, and his good EL marks. Damn the EL thingy! I have been unhappy about this since the banding. At first not so bad you know...he just hide stuff from me...and say something about Band 3 secret. I thought that time "what the heck? crazy!" But as the year progresses, he got more bitchy about hiding secrets, right until the point where he won't let me find out where he found his resources. I am damn angry about this. Isn't education supposed to be fair for all? Why it is reduced to such a pathetic stage, where everyone competes with each other, and almost lost their friendship because of silly competition? So what if you withdraw info from me? So what if you win me using this method? Isn't this what we call "unorthordox and unfair?" If you want to win me, win my by your own talent, your own hardwork, and not by withdrawing some silly Spanish phrases.  I hate it when silly competition does this! This is all what it does, doesn't it? Spoiling friendships and all that. Now, I don't want to point fingers, but I find this secret-keeping rather silly and pointless. If you got good things, why hide it? Why not share it? Based on "keeping originality"? If I am in-charge, I wouldn't allow this silly crap to happen. I can't stand it, frankly speaking. I know. I am making lots of people angry due to my comments. It can't be helped. I am venting my fustrations. I can't please everyone (I am getting sick right now of pleasing everyone! Control yourself, KY!). This is my blog! My personal diary! I have every right to write my own feelings in here! If you get angry, that's your problem. Take note that I didn't blow up in your face. That's another thing altogether. I hope this nonsensical secret-hiding-from-other-bands thing will stop! It's getting too out of hand!  Deep breath. Okay, I stopped venting my fustrations. That doesn't mean my anger has been dissipated. It's still there, alright. Okay....besdies that, nothing much happeend. Oh yeah, Wendy wrote 2 real nice poems! They are thought-provoking proses, and they make me smile everytime I read them. Hmm! Keep up the good work, Wendy!   Today's lyrics of the day shall be...nothing. Nah...not really in the mood to add lyrics. I was originally wanting to add "Back Here", but since it doesn't apply to this current situation, I discarded the idea. I am signing off le. Goodnight!