         So many things happened!  I read Hann's diary again! This time, he added his view about my hand being burnt. He said I planned this all along! I planned to burn the peg, and make sure Mrs Chew is watching, then reach over the flame to get another peg! I planned to get Mrs Chew's sympathy (Oh! Speaking of that! Mrs Chew asked me this morning, across 4/4, if I had developed any blister! Such a caring teacher!). The way he wrote his entry hor, makes me think that he is jealous. He is jealous Mrs Chew isn't giving him attention! Ahhh! Saw your motive already ar! Think I don't know! Anyway, he called me a sly old rat (he don't know how to spell crafty) and blacklisted me. Yeah. So I am getting cursed every night. Oh well! HeHe!  Then, at Physics, a terrible thing happened! Me, along with several others, were forced to stand up because we didn't bring Physics file. Sigh...stand at the back. But I stood next to Wendy's desk...so not so bad la. Can talk to her. Ha! Shr caught me several times talking to her, and glared at me. HeHe. Oh well! I feel like video-taping this cruel act leh... HaHa!   At CME, we did a election thingy, where we organise an election campaign for a MP. Our group used PVP (People's Voices Party) as the party name, and the nominated candidate is Tian Da Yip (crafted after Tian Da Hua of Holland V). So, in other words, I am gonna be the MP. YaY! Anyway, we had fun creating the particulars of the MP. However, there were some disagreements here and there. Yeah. I DON'T WANT TO HAVE A PhD in ECONOMICS! I hate studying the economy. By the way, being an MP doesn't mean you have to know the economy lor! I rather study fun things. Like socialogy. Yeah. Even Tian Da Yip got a Masters Degree in English, and a Doctorate in Science (That's so fun! I think I am quoting chem facts at the election speech! Crazy KY cat!). And the goals for Woodlands, some of them are ridiculous! Like who will build a skyscraper in Woodlands? It should belong in the CBD for goodness sake! It would look odd, especially in Woodlands, a residential district. Sticking out like a sore thumb, I tell ya. The land should be used to build an animal's shelter for stray cats, dogs, hamsters, rabbits and all sorts of stray animals. I am gonna be the first MP to care about the animals. What a caring MP Tian Da Yip is! Ahh yes!  After that, basically is another boring day. Oh yeah! A-Maths! So easy! Especially so because we done it before. We shouldn't get anything less than 16 (Well, the second qns virtually nobody knows. So, oh well!). Anyway, went straight home in father's taxi after school.   Saw the doctor and everything (Completed Chem rememdial worksheet there and did those Phy qns that I know). After that, went to collect the flowers. Wendy and Yi Chun accompanied me, and they end up having to carry 10 roses back home each (Yeah, 10 roses for each of us. I am carrying the white ones, Wendy the blue ones, and Yi Chun the pink ones). Hmm...gonna put in the class early in the morning tomorrow, and cannot let the juniors spot us! Absolutely not! Anyway, the roses are in a bucket of ice-water for the night.   Hmm....I think I stop here liao la. Sorry if I sound very heated in the MP thingy. Guess I was kinda angry about having to "complete economics studies" and promise residents of Woodlands to build a skyscraper. Anger gets the better of me most of the times. Guess I should learn how to cool down a bit, huh? Okay...presenting today's song! It's from the Disney movie, MuLan. Yeah! Sing along! Come on!    Reflection - Christina Aguilera   Look at me You may think you see Who I really am But you'll never know me Every day It's as if I play a part Now I see If I wear a mask  I can fool the world But I cannot fool my heart   Who is that girl I see Staring straight back at me?  When will my reflection show Who I am inside?   I am now In a world where I  Have to hide my heart   And what I believe in  But somehow I will show the world What's inside my heart  And be loved for who I am   Who is that girl I see Staring straight back at me? Why is my reflection Someone I don't know? Must I pretend that I'm Someone else for all time?  When will my reflection show Who I am inside?    There's a heart that must be Free to fly  That burns with a need to know The reason why     Why must we all conceal What we think, how we feel?   Must there be a secret me I'm forced to hide?  I won't pretend that I'm Someone else for all time  When will my reflection show Who I am inside? When will my reflection show Who I am inside?     Ahh! Yes! What a nice song! Goodnight all!