         Ahh! Sweet Saturday, or not.  Woke up early in the morning...Why wake up so early, on a Saturday some more? Well, because I have to get to Wendy's house to do homework! HaHa! Now habit liao. Every Sat go her house to do homework. Anyway, in case you are wondering, I ate some noodles (forgot name le) for breakfast.   Went to her house at 9.20, reaching there at 9.30+. Completed EL...my one and only homework there. HaHa. After that, watched MTV with her. Went home at 2+, after making a few trips back to her house to borrow a candle from her and return her the FF CDs. HaHa!   Basically, did nothing at home. Okay okay...I cleaned my room. Then, surfed the Net and chatted in MSN Messenger.  Today, while watching the Channel 8 news, I saw a shot of the Combined Schools Choir singing. Ahh! Still the same old vest, except different colours! I was reminded of my first (and maybe last?) NDP performance. That was being part of the Combined School's Choir. Yeah! That was such a fun event! I still remember!   Riverside Sec was selected as one of the schools for Combined Choir, along with other 10+ schools. I was Sec 1 then (Woah! Sec 1 so involved already ar!!). I remember we have our first rehearsal at Ah Moy Quee Camp. It was inside the hall, and boy, it was very crowded. We met our conductor, Angelin Manvoanjthan Paul (How I know? Because last time, I went to the NDP website, checked out her name, and found her address and telephone number using the phone directory! HaHa!) and our choreographer (dunnoe her name le!! But she's quite famous!). We sang songs and practised the dance steps of the first song there. Subsequent rehearsals were held at the SAFRA (dunnoe where) camp. We got our props and costume around June (was so excited!), and by then, we moved our practice venues to under some bridge near the Padang. In the evenings, we would go to the erected stands built on the Padang to practise. We have to memorise the dance moves, when to use the props and how, and the song lyrics. Our first performance was during the NE shows, where the P5 kids went (My primary school was there! Mr former form teacher, Mr Shah, was there too! Woo-hoo!). Then, we moved performed in the Preview shows, and finally, moved on to the actual NDP itself! Did I tell you they provide sucky dinners? Yes they did. Their dinner not nice one! Once, I saw the vegetarian one nicer, so I picked the vegetarian one the next rehearsal. But!! But!!! It turned out to be disgusting, and the non-vegetarian one turns out to be nicer! Purposely do that to me one, those people!   HaHa! did I forget to tell you that I was yearning to go on TV? But in front of me were two VERY tall guys. Ergh! Darn!! Hate them, because I overheard them saying that they join choir because they were forced to. How sucky. Anyway, the final day (8th august) arrived! Woah! So exciting! So nervous! I felt proud, to participate in the NDP. Yeah. We sang songs for the pre-parade segment. PCK and his family came (they were the hosts for that day)..blah blah. Then, at 6, the camera started rolling! Oh my!! It turns out that it mananged to capture Shuet Ling! Oh my!!! And when I played the recorded tape back, I can see CQ, and the two boys in front of me, and somebody waving the scarf behind the two boys. Ahh! So embarrassing! I was hidden! Ahhh! Anyway, sang finished le...sit back and watch the show. Woah! Well, not really woah la! See so many times le...so boring already. Chatted with CQ, Alan and my senior (Forgot name le!! Ahh! But I know he wanted to be a psychiatrist. I even gave him problems to solve on the bus trips to the Padang! HaHa! Okay! Update: His name is Jian Chong.). We held up the cardboxes, forming a picture of a keyboard and the mouse. At the end, we sang our last and final piece, Singapore Medley. After the NDP, the choir went wild! We began dancing around, and some of us even went down to get the signatures of the artistes down there (like the who Wendi Koh, PCK, Sharon Au they all). I could never forget this day. Everytime I see the Combined School Choir performing, I would feel extrmemely jealous. In 2001 and subsequent years, they sat on velvet cloth, while we sat on wooden benches, Last year, their props were fabulous, and the guys get to welcome Sun Yan Zi. Me and CQ felt so jealous! HaHa! They even got a cool fan. Okay KY..stop it! In conclusion, I must say, the whole thing, from rehearsals to performances, is a totally fun, enjoyable and memorable!  Anyway, today's lyrics shall feature one of the songs featured in NDP 2000. It's an oldie, but hey! Who cares, right? Sit back and sing along!    Cartoon Heroes - Aqua   We are what we're supposed to be Illusions of your fantasy All dots and lines that speak and say  What we do is what you wish to do   We are the color symphony We do the things you wanna see Frame by frame, to the extreme  Our friends are so unreasonable They do the unpredictable All dots lines that speak and say What we do is what you wish to do  It's all an orchestra of strings Doin' unbelievable things Frame by frame, to the extreme One by one, we're makin' it fun  We are the Cartoon Heroes - oh - oh - oh We are the ones who're gonna last forever We came out of a crazy mind - oh - oh - oh And walked out on a piece of paper  Here comes Spiderman, arachnophobian Welcome to the toon town party Here comes Superman, from never - neverland Welcome to the toon town party  We learned to run at speed of light And to fall down from any height It's true, but just remember that  What we do is what you just can't do   And all the worlds of craziness A bunch of stars that's chasing us Frame by frame, to the extreme One by one, we're makin' it fun  We are the Cartoon Heroes - oh - oh - oh We are the ones who're gonna last forever We came out of a crazy mind - oh - oh - oh And walked out on a piece of paper  Here comes Spiderman, arachnophobian Welcome to the toon town party Here comes Superman, from never - neverland Welcome to the toon town party  You think we're so mysterious Don't take us all too serious Be original, and remember that  What we do is what you just can't do   What we do is what you just can't do What we do is what you just can't do What we do is what you just can't do What we do is what you just can't do  We are the Cartoon Heroes - oh - oh - oh We are the ones who're gonna last forever We came out of a crazy mind - oh - oh - oh And walked out on a piece of paper  There's still more to come And everyone will be Welcomed at the Toon - Toon Town - Town Party    HaHa! Yep! So fun, that song! People who loves cartoons will like this song (I think!). Goodnight all!