         Back to school le! Loads of interesting things happened. Okay, not really loads, but definitely interesting.   First of all, I smiled, real big, when I was walking towards the study area. Long time no see my close friends le. CQ, WQ...not forgetting SL, Gloria they all! Was so happy to see them. HaHa. I siow one. That's what 2 days of MC made you become. A friend-sick lonely cat.   Later, Hann came up to the hall. HaHa! Long time no see him le! He smiled at me lor.... (are you imagining things, KY?), obviously happy to see me.....Knew from some sources that he got lonely sitting next to an empty chair for 2 days. Ayiah...he siow siow cat one. Later in the day, he would say something about sitting next to me is annoying. Zhui Ying Xin Ruan! A fun cat all the same!   Oh...let's fast forward to recess. Didn't eat there. Why? Because I am afraid of vomitting out my food. They all say I am lsoing weight (jian fei).....Ayiah! I do feel hungry lor...especially if I didn't even get to digest my lunch and dinner yesterday! Look at the previous entry for a very detailed narration on my vomitting process (HeHe! Quite proud of that leh!). But also kinda true la, if you come to think about it. Not eating is "jian fei"ing indirectly. Why indirectly? Because it is never my intended reason for not eating. Ha!  Then, got E-Maths test! I tell you ar! I sucks at that topic (Trigo and Bearings).  There's a question on Repanzel, her length of the hair, her prince, her tower, some dragons and line AB. Try to fit these together and see how you can come up with a Trigo/Bearing question! I only knew the first part (Ha! Dunnoe correct or not also!)...then I drew a Repanzel cartoon on the foolscap. HaHa! Found out Hann did the same thing also, because he sucks at that topic too, and dunnoe the question. No wonder Radha told me, "You are very strange lately. But you are under the influence of this boy (Hann)..I know!". HaHa!   I read Hann's journal! Ayioh...found out a lot of his inner feelings. I really depise THOSE kind of people. Come one lor! There's nothing wrong with Hann. I find him funny, cute, homorous, and a very good friend. If people thinks otherwise, then there must be something terribly wrong with them. Especially THOSE people.   Okay...chem practical. One major accident happened! I burned myself while reaching out for that test-tube holder. I didn't know the flame is there....and my arm came into contact with the flame. Mrs Chew was there. She quickly stopped me and made me wash my arm under running water. Yeah..she was so concerned with my arm. HaHa! Yeah......was touched la. She sent Hann down to get ice.....In the end, only suffered just a burn in the surface. Not serious one....because I got my hand away in time. Mrs Chew said she heard my arm burning and was so scared. I saw some black dots on my skin, but washed off easily. Actually, I don't know my skin came into contact with the fire lor, until Mrs Chew yelled then I realised that my arm hurts. I very strange one. Mrs Chew said that a girl was also like me....reach out for something but was burned by the flame. She wants to move the test tube rack to the side, but forgot. I think she'll remember next time. Or I go remind her la. For the safety of everyobdy. HaHa.  I was so being teased at after the burning incident. Don't know why also, but they say I 'shu ma' (born in the horse year). Hann made a hilarious statement by saying that I knew it beforehand that I was going to get burned, becuase I plotted the incident before practical. The reason why I didn't eat was because I can scream more painfully when being burned. HaHa! So funny man! Then, in the Lab, while preparing the ice for my injured hands (Thank you, Hann!), eh said, "Don't think you can get into my diary by doing this ar!" HaHa! Later he said, "Okay, i am going to write about you!". :) Such a crazy funny cat!  After that, went to the Causeway Point to order the flowers, which I am gonna pick up on Monday. O.o O.o The florist says there is a big bunch of flowers. HaHa! Imagine that! Anyway, we brought sweets (my beloved $4 ar!! And I can't even get to eat them....HaHa! No la! Sure will have extras one. So can eat after they wrap up. HaHa!). I put them in the fridge back home, and labelled it "For Choir. Don't Not Open!"!! HaHa!   Anyway, at the Value Shop, i have a sudden urge to buy sour plums. Then CQ said "ni you le" (I got le! Got what? Ayiah! Pregnant la!)!  HaHa! Then I pretended for the rest of today, I am a "yun fu" (pregnant woman) whose husband abandoned her after he got wind of her pregnancy (which is just a few days...how she know she's pregnant? Because she missed her period yesterday! I am so meow meow!), so now the "yun fu" have to work as a waitress to support herself and the children. When walking past a clothes shop, we saw a maternity dress displayed! CQ said I should wear that, but I flatly refused and said, "No! I look fat in it! And I am only a few days pregnant!" Then, I made CQ say what sex chromosome is the male sperm carrying (X or Y. Read up on your Bio lar, if you dunnoe!). He chose my baby to be female. So female it shall be! HaHa! Maybe I will carry on the act. Or maybe sometime later, when I got tired of acting preganant, I will "miscarriage" (opps! there goes the baby!) or I will say it is a false alarm, because my period came back. HaHa! See! I am so pervertic!  Hmm! Dunnoe what to say le. So funny ar, today! Me-ow Meow! Goodnight all!   **Current update: The zygote-that-is-undergoing-mitosis (okay okay...the un-developed foetus) wants to eat instant noodles. The mother can't, because it contains chicken essence. Anything to do with chicken is a big no-no, uinless the mother wants to cough for eternity. Sigh...when a woman gets pregnant, she will have sudden weird cravings for food. Or it is just a figment of the imagination....maybe there's no baby. Who cares! Right now, the zygote-undergoing-mitosis wants instant noodles!