         You might find this over-whelming, when you get to read 3 entries of the same day, especially when I don't normally post 3 entries under the same day. But hey...what can you do when you tkane leave from school due to sickness and at that particular moment, disaster choose to strike. Maybve this is arranged, pre-destined. That I stay at home and help out manage the crisis (by typing the letter in my computer...nono...my brother don't know how to type letters, and his command of EL is too poor to edit mistakes. And no...I am not insulting him. This is the fact. Get used to it.). Universe does have a way to work things out.   Speaking of illness, I just suffered the consequences of violent coughing, which I have experienced too many times for my comfort. Besides my stomach aching when I cough, now I can't even get to digest my food. Yes. Due to my violent coughing, my food can't reach my stomach. The force keeps propelling the food upwards. So, they stayed in the oesopghagus. And sometime later, you will have to expel it out.  Yes. Major Eww....That's what happened to me. I vomitted out my food. And let me tell you. Vomitting is no fun thing! First, some signs will appear telling you that you are about to vomit. One of them is like vomitting air out when you are coughing. That's when you know. Yes. Major discomfort. Then you proceed to the toilet to vomit. Your throat burns horribly as you churn out the food. Your mouth feels horrible as you taste your chewed food, and sometimes, the acidity of the HCl in the stomach. Your stomach will fold inwards, causing much discomfort. The rush of food and liquid coming out of your mouth is over-whelming. After you force all your food out (and flush the toilet), your throat feels stuck and burning. And when you try to take in food, it burns you. It pains you. Every muscle around your chest captivity hurts. And no, I am not exaggerating all these. I experience all these just now. So don't roll your eyes. It could happen to you. Now, I feel like vomitting out my dinner, trying to control. Now I seriously disgust you, haven't I? Now go on...go to the toilet and vomit. I will be waiting here, don't worry. Oh! In case you are wondering, why am I being so disgusting today? Because something compells me to. Don't ask why.  After the major barf session, I am back. And there's where I am gonna end off. See you guys around. You people better hope I get well soon, or I am going to come back with more disgusting tales to tell. HaHa. Goodnight.