         Oh look! I am still at home!   I decided, along with my mother's and friends' advice, to stay at home and rest for another day. I am missing a lot of things, like ting xie, chem practical (how did it go ar?) and the audition thingy. Well, I regret NOT going to the audition thingy..but oh well. Now, 4/5 should be having EL...haha..I wonder what Thong is saying now (right..your oral marks ar..I promise you on Monday, right?). And I realized that I missed my friends. Oh my!! I am forgetting how they look like! Don't exaggerate, KY!   Today, I woke up at 8.35. Wee! I felt so much better, except my throat still hurts. Bathed and my mother went to the market to buy household needs (and our breakfast). Stupid new cordless phone almost drove me back to illness. Stupid phone won't show the timing. How lousy! Came online, attended GypsyMoon's meeting (which is a rare chance to!), had fun.   Ate  siew kueh  at 10 something, after that, read the third installment of Silver RavenWolf's books (To Light A Sacred Flame).   Ayioh! My father is supposed to change his 7-year-old-taxi next month, but the company won't let him now. Why? Because they said my father is involved in too many accidents! WHAT? Only 3! And two of them are not his fault (CityCab verified so)...the third is still "not ascertain". Phooey. My mother have to submit the accidents thingy printed from the CityCab website to the MP for dunnoe what reasons. I hope our MP (Dr Tony Tan) have fair judgement! Which includes ruling in favor of my father, because the accidents are not his fault (He was banged into, for goodness sake!). If we don't get a new taxi, I will personally wage a war against our current govt and WILL not elect for them...when I get the chance to vote, that is (Sembawang GRC is always a walkover! Darn those scaredy-cat opposition! I remember when I was staying in Ang Mo Kio, my parents went to election once. And I was playing in the exercise stations outside the secondary school while waiting for my parents to vote. HaHa.).  Or I will not. That's too immature. Ayiah..whatever la!!! I wish my father gets a new taxi though. The old one is sucky. Every month, at least once, he would have to send the taxi to repair. Always. Lousy old taxi.   Anyway, I am writing until here le..Tata!