         Ergh. You noitced that, of course, yesterday there was no entry. Why? Because I am down with a serious bout of flu.  I kept sneezing and sneezing in class today. More than 32 times...yeah. WQ stopped counting after 32. I am so horrible. During Chem remedial, I felt so weak. My brain hurts. My body's on fire and I got a runninmg nose, to top that. Ergh!  Once I reached home, I took a bath. Then, I laid my history homework in front of me. I felt so sick. I don't wanna do, but if I don't do, I have to do it today. And I don't wanna do homework today, so I tried to do it. After defining 2a's topic, I fell alsleep. Father came home...blah blah....said a lot of unpleasant thngs..blah blah blah...went on sleeping.  Woke up to eat dinner. After that, I tried to do history...can't think straight...so fell alsleep. I was woken up on a number of times, from SMSes and phone calls. I took a look at my homework, and fell back alseep, no mood to do. At 9 something, was woken up by Ben's call, asking me about computer sutff (Norton this and that affecting messenger...). Now, I felt determined to complete my history. The thought of doing it today scared me. And besides, SL and CQ wants to copy (okay, not really CQ..dunnoe la!!). Completed it within half and hour...anyhow scribble something that makes sense. After that, waited for mom to get home so I can ask to stay home today. SMSed Wendy...blah blah blah...Mom came home, and said I can rest today.  Can't sleep that night. Thorat hurts like hell. I can't be exposed to cold (cause I will feel terribly cold), but I can't do without the fan ('ll feel terribly hot). Managed to sleep la.   Woke up at 7+ with an even worse sore throat. My body hurts and I feel terribly hot. That's what happens when my immune system is waging a war against some stupid virus. Bathed, ate breakfast.  Went to the doctor. He said my flu is terribly severe. I am supposed to rest, but here I am, typing this. Don't want to rest la....can't fall alseep. Now I got a blocked nose, which makes eating a terrible chore. I cna't even enjoy my food! I guess I shall stop here...nothing much to write liao. Hopefully will write another entry tonight. See ya.