         Ah! Today's SFY! Wee!!! Let me narrate the day in detail!  Woke at at 4.45! After a whole night of turning and tossing around! Oh my!! Woke up, bathed, ate. Then I geled my hair and applied deodarant....HaHa. I went down at 6.15....and surprisingly, reached school at 6.35.   Woah! The choir room is bustling with activity! Girls are everywhere...being applied make-up, applying make-up, everybody is running here and there. We finally settled down at around 6.45. We warmed up, sang Irama. Before setting off, Miss Choo gathered us in a circle, holding everybody's hands. She said we worked this hard. We should be proud of ourselves no matter the result. We did a cheer of some sort. It boosted my spirits!   We got onto the bus, and there,. the journey to NGHS started. I sat with CQ, and with my friends around. We gossiped here and there. Finally, I recongized the neighbourhood! NGHS is near! Everyone began feeling pretty nervous! We stopped in front of the school (thank god the driver knows how to go there!) and got down. We walked towards the school, and saw a choir gathered around in front of the Xiu Mei Da Hui Tang. Hmm....then we went inside the holding area, but before we did, I went to the toilet.  I tell you ar!! Thos horrible girls were laughing at us! Laughing at our costume! I felt so embarrassed! Such a lousy behavior! They should be ashamed of themselves!   Anyway, I went back to the holding room. Practice just started. We sang the songs a few more times. I felt happy. After we concluided practice, all of us started fretting about. Wendy was very very nervous, and so was I. I meditated..what a strange thing to do there...haha. After that, we chatted.   In came a choir! Their costume was terribly transparent. Ha! We finally found one school with lousier costume! Anyway, while they are filing past us, I commented loudly, "Why are there no boys? Is this a all girls schools?" and was shushed by so many people. What?! Cannot ask meh? We noticed a girl waering a different cosume. We thought she was the soloist. Anyway, we moved on the final holding room!   Ahhh!! Suddenly, my throat became terribly constricted! I think it is the nerves! I drank some water.....and felt better! Very very nervous at that time....! Then,Mr Low announced it's our turn! OMG! It finally arrived! The moment I have been waiting for. We filed into single rows, and moved towards the Xiu Mei Da Hui Tang. Ayioh! So nervous and exciting! I lead my row into the stage. I walked pretty fast..HaHa. But we settled down. Then came Miss Choo. The announcer's voice said, "On the stage is the choir from Riverside Secondary. Their choice pieces are: 'Three Ways To Vacuum Your House' and 'Ba Jun Zhan'." And, we began singing.  The set piece was kinda okay. Yeah, not much error made. But I made a terrible error! I was breathing, very obviously, after each line. My shoulders were heaving up and down! Oh no!!!! My feet is uncomfortable...very!  The Three Ways arr!! Was kinda fast in a way, but I still find it okay. My breathing nervousness subsided. Yeah, that's a good thing. I was smiling.  Ba Jun Zhan is a total dissappointment. I thought that this song is our best, but it turned out to be the worse. The speed became terribly fast, and Miss Choo have difficulty slowing us down. She told us that during the main part, the Sops slowed down, and she had two different speeds to control. The Sop 1 ended slower two notes than us, which is very obvious. And Bright didn't come in for the second part. He lost timing, and Miss Choo didn't cue him in. Miss Choo was glaring at him at that time, but he sang well for his last part, so that's a good relief.   We ended..just like that! So fast! The NG's choir was applausing rather politely for us (I bet their are laughing their heads off! Hui Min overhead them saying they can't hear the lyrics of Ba Jun Zhan clearly.). We sat down to watch the next 3 choirs.  Woah!! The choir after us, CHIJ (forgot what comes after next le) choir was like totally damn expressive. They had becautiful smiles on their faces, and they were moving. Their conductor was funny too. He kept kneeling down and conducting! So funny. We noticed a Chitra-lookalike. She was very tall, and also damn expreesive. She kept moving about! Oh my!! And the girl we thought who was a soloist? Well, she turned out to be a page-turner for the pianist! Oh!!! We thought they would get gold for sure.   The second school, Tanjong Katong Secondary, was terribly brilliant! They have so many boys! And oh my! Their bass voices added so much depth into the set piece! Oh my! They used an SATB score, I bet! Their choice peices were wonderous as well. What suprised me most is that the boys held up silvery sticks and struct them together in the middle of a song. Woah! Way way cool! (If only we can bring a real live vacuum cleaner to perform during Three Ways!) Another gold recipient, I bet. After hearing these two choirs, we felt really inferior.  However, the last choir is a seabreeze machine itself! From dunnoe what secondary school, they manages to produce a hell lot of seabreeze. Their voices were very airy. The boy's voices sounded very constricrting! Ha! Even I don't sound like that! We felt confident again!! YaY! (Kelvin Yip! Cannot like that ar!)  After that, we came out of the Xiu Mei Da Hui Tang and took a lot of photos. After waiting for some time, the bus arrived! We are on our way home. We felt quite dejected la, frankly speaking. Oh well.  We reached school at 11.30 and after taking our belongings from the Music room, went down to eat. We ate till 12.30, where we went back to class. Wendy started crying, because she missed choir. I think the juniors felt really appreicated.    Lessons went on......blah blah blah...I learnt I got highest for Chem (YaY!) and there's another Chem test on Alcohols, Organic Acids and Esters next Thursday. Oh well! History remedial went on as usual And YaY! My article was selected for the book thingy! YaY!   After History, we stayed back to know the results for SYF! What a long wait! We waited from 3.30 to 5.30. Miss Mala told us at one point that the award doesn't matter, as long as we learnt something from it and became a better person. I felt really appreciated! At 5 something, Mdm Harn called Mr Low, but he swtiched off the handphone. At 5.30 or so, Wendy called Low and was able to get through! We found out that....we got.... BRONZE ! I was momentraily happy. Then, PeiYu mentioned that Miss Choo is gonna get sacked, and we became quite sad. We went to the HOD door and knocked on it. Miss Mala came out, and we shouted that we got Bronze. She congratulated us and after hearing from Wendy that a lot of schools got COP, she congratulated us further! Then Harn came out and we again, screamed at her that we got Bronze! Mr Low then called and told her that the competition was quite stiff! A few lucky schools got Bronze, Silver and Gold. Surpirsingly, CHIJ got silver. Woah! So, getting Bronze shows us something about our standard. Mdm Harn reassured us that Miss Choo is NOT gonna get fired (good! Because the choir would be protesting if she did!), because the school is very happy with her performance and want to continue with her! YaY! We went home from then on. I felt happy la. We got Bronze, better than a losuy COP, and we get to keep Miss choo. Suddenly, I felt Bronze is a very good result. Who cares about the school's expectations? they are silly and impossible anyway. As long as we did our very best.....  Wendy and PeiYu massed smsed everyone. One of the things that came to mind was that people were more concerned about the sacking of Miss Choo when they learnt we got Bronze. This shows that Miss Choo is very important to us, and is a very very good teacher! Thanks Miss Choo, for being the best conductor and teaching us lots of wonderful things!  Ahh..write until here la. This blog is very very long! Don't wanna paste lyrics today. Ahh!! Goodnight all! Bronzy Bronzy Bronze!