         Woah! A lot go things happened today!  Firstly, I went to Wendy's house to complete my homework. Her brother was there, and so was her kao fu. Hmm, I did complete my homework. I found out that I played "su-ka-aaa-ha-ti" wrongly on the keyboard. HaHa! Her electronic keyboard got the "Birds" tune, so when I played that, Lassie began barking. So funny and cute! After that, Wendy watched her brother play FF8. HaHa! They have a 'fight'...kinda interesting! Was finding it very funny. Lassie barked at them (Wendy told me Lassie don't like violence! HaHa! Me too!!). Wendy later told me that I am the first outsider to witness them fight, so I should feel kinda honored. HeHe. Ayioh! I tell you hor! My block's lifts is very sucky, compared to Wendy's block lift. Woah...We live on the same floor ma. Her lift can reach there much much faster than my lift...the speed is very fast leh! And the lift's voice is nicer. It is much sweeter than my lift's one. So serious that voice. Ayioh! I am actually jealous of lifts! Oh my god! Okay, next we went to 888 to eat with her mother. Ate chicken rice and drank tea there. I was considering to buy the can of deodarant, almost want to buy, but changed mind in the end, making Wendy kinda exsperated! HaHa! Shopping with me can be very exsperating! Anyway, listened to Wendy's mom talk about life's lessons. Quite an interesting experience. HaHa!   After that, when I came home, I received CQ's sms, asking to wear costume there. I found out that he's borrowing one from Arman. Called Arman...he's checking for my size. Then, I made plans with Hann and Ji to go to Arman's house together. Arman told me he doesn't have my size, but his brother got, so I am going there to try on. Went to Arman's home and tried on several outfits before finally selecting a yellow baju kurong. HaHa. Came back home at around 9, and bathed, and here I am, writing this entry.   I am so excited and nervous! Oh my! Don't think I can sleep, but I need to sleep to make sure I won't yawn tomorrow! I can't yawn in the middle of a performance!! Ahh!!! So nervous!  I am continuing Part II here....it may be short la...ayiah! Who cares? Here it is! I give my warm wishes to our Riverside Choir! Good luck to all of you! May we win a award back, one that we are proud of. But no matter what award, as long as we give our best and more, we should be proud of it!     SYF (Part II) - Kelvin Yip   Dadang dari, Oh my god! Ting ting ting ting, Honorable awards we sought.  What to do? Except sleep early. Wake up with positve thinking, And don't look so surly.  First row, Second row,  Third row.  To applause we bow.  With grim determination, We can do it! With our effort, We can be the lead!  To our choir, Blessed Be. May good luck and success, Ensure thee.   So once again, good luck to all! Bye! Goodnight!   Countdown to SYF: 10 hours and 45 minutes!