         Ayiah....didn't complete homework today as planned! Spent like 4+ hours in Wendy's house, only managed to complete MT, Chem and one of the SS. I have only the SS and history source-based left. Gonna go to her house again tomorrow to do....haha! Her house is quite fun la! And there's Lassie! Cute girl, hor Lassie? HeHe! Today, we discussed a lot of topics...like seeing past the facade emotion of someone. I learnt that when ppl shows anger, they are not angry...it is just to cover up their true feelings. I am gullible, so that's why I suppose I get 'tricked' easily. Ha!! Tomorrow leh, both of her brothers are at home. Can get to meet her third brother at last....HaHa! Hasn't seen him at all.....Ha! I am very freakish, aren't I?  YaY! Everything is finalized! I am officialy in the SYF! Hurray! Hurrah! YaY! And hor...I will be leading the first row up the stage.....and my row is the last row to come up...so feel kinda nervous, like in the spotlight like that. Later I misjudge the position how? Then I end up looking like a silly cat. HaHa! And Miss Choo praised me today! Two times ar!!! One about my smiles and expression, the other about me showing my teeth during singing, which is compulsory to. YaY! I felt like I did an major accomplishment. When I sing the "tinggggg tingggg" part, along the first few lines of Alto 2...I felt myself resonating so wonderfully! I felt so pleased with myself that I smiled extra big, and made the notes go higher. Whopps!! HeHe! And I finally know how to play "la-gu-la-gu-su-ka-ha-ti....su-ka-aaa-ha-ti" (the last part of the altos!) on the piano! YaY! So excited! And nerve-wrecking. HaHa!  Ha! Today only 2 big paras. Too lazy to type everything le! Will type a long blog tomorrow.....yep yep! Right now, presenting another poem! This is dedicated to our choir! Good luck to you on Monday!     SYF (Part I) - Kelvin Yip   Oh great god (or goddess if you like)! SYF is drawing near!  I got in (hurray!)! And there's so much to fear!  Will we get a silver, or a coveted gold? Or just a low COP, that will just turn into mold?  Worrying for myself, And not to mention our soloist, Miss Choo's worried alright, If he got Ba Jun Zhan's gist.  Ohh look at me! Screams Miss Choo. Open your mouth and show your teeth, She hopes we do well too!  Don't be nervous,  Don't forget to smile. Just enjoy the music, And we will win by a mile.   Irama Belia; Empat penjuru. Three Ways; Cu cu ru cu cu.  Ba Jun Zhan; Li Xiang De Jun Ma Yo! If we sing them correctly, Our marks won't be low!   I will continue with Part II tomorrow! See ya all! Goodnight!