         Hmm...I am so worried. There's a lot of homework to do! SS and History source-based, Chemistry, Biology TYS and who knows what else tomorrow. Luckily, those that arn due on Monday need not be passed up on Monday, becuase I got SYF (If i look at Miss Choo in the eye on Sat. Wendy says she's only barking (she doesn't bite), but I rather take Choo's words seriously. I care too much about SYF! I don't want to lose it just because of silly non-eye-contact!). Die la!!! Cannot! Must finish by Sunday! Everything....I think I am gonna do my Bio later. Meow Meow!  Been kinda worried for Wendy. She didn't come to school, most probably due to swollen eye or something. I messaged her, but didn't get her message back. Wonder if the M1 has sucky connections again. I do hope she's doing alright. Sigh...and I can't reach her at home....probably she's sleeping, or don't wanna talk or something. Ayiah! Dunnoe la......hope she's coming tomorrow!   Zhang moved on to another chapter today. Woah! So fast! And learnt new vocab.....I find this method quite useful, as I usually sucks at vocab, I can really learn the words this time. Hmm, and he said my reading skill was good (hao! hao!)! YaY! I am beginning to enjoy his lesson, haha! Friendly teacher, he is! Now I know why his students like him so much.  Ayioh! My left palm hurts. Probably sprained or something. Dunnoe why also. Hurts lor. Ayiah.....hopefully it wouldn't be hurtful enough on Monday. And oh yeah ar!! I found a way to counter high-fever! HA! Don't think you can curse me! I just place the thermometer at the tip of my mouth on Monday during temp taking. This way, the temperature would be much much more lower! I found out accidentally when Hann was saying I didn't place my thermometer deep into my mouth enough, so that's why I got readings of 36.1-36.4 for so many days! YAY! HA! Don'[t want me to go to SYF right? Curse me with fever right?! HAHA! I found a counter-curse! And I am going to SYF, like it or not! Lalalalala!   Oh yeah! I remembered today! My neighbour, whom I am quite friendly with, scolded me today! THAT AUNTIE AR!!!! I was singing while walking along the corridor, when she said, "Bu yao chao ke yi ma?! (Don't be so noisy can!)" WOAH! I hate people telling me what to do, and scolding me some more! I sang LOUDER and I kept saying "YAO MING OR! Everybody went out!!!" loudly. And I slammed the door shut 3 times! HA! Don't want me to be noisy right?! Then I will be more noisy! HA! You will learn that nobody ever dictates me to do things, and stop me from doing things I like to do. And those who does shall incur my wrath. Okay...you are probably thinking that I am a spoilt brat. I don't care what you think lor. I am like this one! Take it or leave it!   Oh well. I am posting the lyrics of the theme song for Digimon Tamers. However, although it is sang in Japanese, I am posting the English translation. You can go   here  to see the Jap lyrics.     The Biggest Dreamer - Wada Kouji   Wanna be the biggest dreamer  Running full speed through the both the future and the present   That's right, I've realized it, I forgot to do my homework  That's one puzzle, puzzle, puzzle, "Who am I?"    Even if I slide and skin my knees  I've gotta stand right back up, I know my chance will run away     Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   I'll fly farther than anyone, through all the tomorrows   Fly to the horizon, our courage has gained wings  In order to grow big and strong, I'll run too   For a long time I've heard the count down  I'm prepared, let's start now, change into zero!    Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!   We've gotta believe, disappear into the twinkling instand   I'll run, not turning away from my heart's target, with all my strength     Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   I'll fly farther than anyone, through all the tomorrows    Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   I'll fly farther than anyone, through all the tomorrows    Big and bigger, biggest dreamer!  Dreaming is the start of everything, that's the answer   Wanna be the biggest dreamer  Running full speed through the both the future and the present    That's all for today. TaTa.