today's sunday already??? oh dear....that means i'm taking the rest of my papers this week!! yessss.............!!!! finally, the exams are ending, after all the hard work, its all gonna end this week.....woah, cool man!   though the exams are like gonna end soon, i can't help but worry bout the results.... much as i would love to deny it, but results mean a lot to me....its gonna determine the way people look at me and my folks, its gonna determine my future! what the ****... haiz....i guess this life.   when i was younger, i wanted to be a lawyer really bad, i wanted to be an avenger of the victims, i wanted to uphold the law (and join the justice league if i could). but as i grew older, lawyers became distasteful. most lawyers fought for money and not because of the truth. plus, you can never be sure if you are fighting for the right guy or not, and because of that, i gave up on the dream.   now, i wanted to become a doctor instead! lolx! my reasons for the choice was about the same, because i wanted to help people. i still wanna be a doctor now, but it jux seems that being a doctor is no easy job. people look up to you and sometimes expect you to be God. one wrong move or diagnose would mean your whole career is over. all the years in medical school gone to waste........... haiz, no job is an easy job........  till now, i still haven't got a really clear idea of where i wanna be going. i love performing arts and i really wanted to mess around in it, but andi's right. performing arts is tough business, especially in singapore. the arts scene maybe growing but its growing way too slow...! its no help that most singaporeans haven't been exposed to performing arts long enuf for them to realize the emerging protential in it... somehow, people still have this concept that to become a full time artiste means this person's full time dead meat. being an artiste is tough, you would have to be the best to really stand out from the rest of the wannabes out there, and make a name for yourself. arts can be cruel sometimes, it selects the cream of the crop and condemns the rest as sour cream. its a tough business.   have i told you that i'm really into music?? and that i had actually wanted to become a conductor or full time musician when i get my butt out of school? i doubt so, and i'm seriously starting to banish that thot...though i haven't been playing music for a very long time, but wad i'd been through these years, is starting to disillustionise me...... music is dirty business, most of it is politics and more politics. you gotta know all the right people and right connections to get somewhere, otherwise, you might just have to spend the rest of your life proving yourself to people, proving that you are capable. music maybe beautiful, it may mean the world to me but it can never be taken as a core occupation.   music didn't start out this way. it started as an avenue of expresson for people, a form of praise but as humans evolved, music evolved as well. true that no two music can evoke the same kind of emotion in a person as another can, or like shakespear said " if music is love, let music play...". music has played on but it has evolved to become a form of business too. a business that seldom holds much truth and full of cruelty.   whatever.................