         Today, I am not gonna talk about X. I am still confused. Very confused. Me and my confusion!  Ayioh!!! I am so scared! Miss Choo says she's kicking out whoever that doesn't look at her during singing! Ayioh! What if I accidentally made a mistake?!! I am so scared! Oh dear!! AYIOH!!! So worrying!  ~glares darkly~ Pah! We are not going to East Coast after all. WTF! How can they do that to us? AYIOH! Idiotic cats!  Die la die la! Thursday got Chem test, and I haven't studied yet! I don't think I have the time to study tomorrow, because of Maths tuition! You say how?!!! I cannot, absolutely not, get first! I must maintain my position (As I said time and time again, the only people I don't mind losing to or sharing 1st place is Janet, Wendy, Chin Quan and Hann! Ayioh!)! Yes! Competition in Chem is very very intensive! I MUST ABSOLUTELY MAINTAIN MY TOP! and I will try to get 100% this time! I must!  Ayioh.....I just learnt that Hu's students go to Zhang's class, and Du's students go to Huang's class. I felt kinda terrible la. I don't know lor! I saw how much respect (okay, friendly) Zhang's students treated him on the bus today. I was kinda glad, becuase this shows Zhang is a very good teacher, so I need not worry. But what I am worried about is his students (excluding some la! of course!)! I am not very used to them la.....I don't know la! And who can I sit with? AYIOH! Don't know la! See tomorrow's situation la!  Ayioh! Today's an ayioh day! So many ayiohs! AYIOH!  Presenting now a song, much describing X's feelings.....Ha!    Are You Happy Now? - Michelle Branch    Now, don’t just walk away  Pretending everything’s ok And you don’t care about me And I know there’s just no use When all your lies become your truths and I don’t care... yeah, yeah, yeah   Could you look me in the eye  And tell me that you’re happy now,  ohhh, ohhh  Would you tell it to my face or have I been erased,  Are you happy now?  Are you happy now?    You took all there was to take,  And left with an empty plate   And you don’t care about it,  yeah.  And I, I’ve given up this game  I’m leaving you with all the blame cause I don’t care, yeah, yeah yeah,   Could you look me in the eye?  And tell me that you’re happy now , oohh oohhh  Would you tell it to my face or have I been erased,    Are you happy now?  Ohhh, ohhhh  Are you happy now?    Do you have everything you want? You can get up and give everything you`ve got You can’t run away from yourself    Could you look me in the eye?  and tell me that you`re happy now , oohh oohhh  come on tell it to my face or have i been erased,  are you happy now?  Ohhh, ohhhh  are you happy now?    Would you look me in the eye? Could you look me in the eye?  I’ve had that all I can take  And I’m about to break  Cause I’m happy now, ohhh, ohhh Are you happy now?   Okay..goodnight......I wanted to say  good-your-head-night  but I decided against it.....whatever. I am lame.