         Sigh. Well, I did do what I planned. And I didn't enjoy it one bit. I feel like the ultimate scumbag. I hate myself, but what really drives me on is my anger. Yes.... Many times, X talked to me, but I ignored X. Dunnoe what I am doing is right or wrong. Wendy said know when to stop. Many a times, I wanted to stop so badly, but again, my anger held me back. I just want X to realise that what X did was wrong. I deserve more than be treated as shit. I deserve much more! I don't know what I will do tomorrow. Stop or Give Up. I have no idea lor. How I wish X can read this, so X will know. Will X? Or will X not?   Moving on to happier topics, Wendy confirmed that the flowers are cheap...$6 for 10 roses! YaY! We have a new plan...that is sticking to our old pan, but each of us gives 4 roses to 4 juniors. HaHa. And hor! The meddling teachers! We cannot go down the water, cannot rent bikes, and must do all their planned activities. I dont' mind the last one, but the first and second one sucks! I want to rent roller-blades there! I want to go into the water! So terribly unfair. I say, we seniors stay back after the party to do what we like! HA! I am terribly rebellious.  HaHa! While walking home today, thunder roared and lightning flashed. We three (Me, Janet and Gloria) decided to do an experiement. After the lightning flashed, we count the time between the lightning and the thunder, and multiplied it by the speed of sound in air to find out how far the storm is away from us (distance=speedXtime). After that, we saw a lightning flashed across us. I counted till 2, then the thunder came. And it started pouring. Gloria said I am crazy, since the lightning is so near to us, count what distance. However, I found out that the storm is 660m away from us (330X2). HaHa! After that, Janet and I saw the lightning while walking back home, and counted again, this time, lasting till 9. So, the storm is now 2970m away from us. Ohh!! We are so crazy! But we recomend you to try it next time. HaHa.  Oh my! I feel a fever coming on! I must go to choir tomorrow, fever or no fever! I want to get into the SYF! I must! I shall! I want!   Today's song fitted my mood. I shall paste the lyrics here. Enjoy!    End Of The Line - Honeyz     All alone I wait for you As darkness fills this room I don't know why you ain't called Little things you used to do They're no longer part of you Seems you left them all behind  Well I can't believe what I'm going through This thing it just ain't right Your selfish ways How you carry on Somethings you just can't hide   [Chorus]:  If you want me to go Then say it Want me to stay Then show it Don't be afraid Oh don't break this heart of mine Now's the time if I'm right Then we've come to the end of the line     Seems like I can't do you right All I do or say is wrong All the smallest things critisize I deserve some damn respect Nothing more and nothing less  Don't pretend everything's fine Don't hold it back If it's in your heart Stand up and be a man Can't read your mind So I'll just say it loud I'm trying to understand   [Chorus]   Even though you've been doing me wrong I still care  Do you think that by treating me cruel That somehow I'd disappear  Baby I love you to much just to walk away Don't make me hate you  Baby you've got to be straight   [Chorus]    You have seen I highlighted the whole song. I feel every part of it is meaninful....the ones which I made italic are the real message I am trying to convey.....See ya tomorrow then.