         Today morning, I felt murderous, VERY murderous! Me and Siva have the misfortune of living near Vincent, so we met him on the same bus. Now, he's a terribly annoying little idiot. He kept asking Siva really useless and insulting questions, like "Why is your name Siva?. Okay, he hasn't done anything...YET. But in the interchange, when the BUS arrives, I said, "Oh look! That's the long bus!" He go and tell me, "No! It's a vehicle! It has more than 4 wheels (I wonder who ingrained that idiotic fact into him!)"! I said angrily, "It's a bus! And don't you argue with a Sec 4!" and stomped up the bus. But's that's not all. After coming down from the B-U-S (BUS! People! It's a bus!), he continued bugging Siva about her name. Siva actuaully said in a pissed-off voice, "You stop bugging me and go away!" He actually didn't take the hint and continued annoying us, and almost made us get hit by a car. OHH!!! I feel like strangling him!  Oh yes! Today, I sang rather confidently. HaHa! And I felt I sang the correct notes, I think. Yeah...probably too much singing too much Sarah Brightman boosts my confidence. How strangely special. And today, Bright attempted to try the solo for Ba Jun Zhan....he's quite nice! Yeah, his deep voice really sounds nice. Okay, the best news so far is: They let us deicide where we want to go for graduation party! YaY! Finally!! YaY! Yesh! Now, must work hard to convince the big sheep to go.   I went to Wendy's house to do my homework (and to avoid a particular someone). Finished my SS and EL there, and then played there. I actually slept there, while watching SailorMoon halfway! Oh my!!! LOL! Can't believe myself man! After that, we played DDR...I sucks at the game la.....HaHa! Even with a controller! I am not a DDR-material, noperino! Anyway, her mother brought me a bread from BreadTalk. So nice of her! Thanks auntie! Oh yeah, I felt closer to Lassie....she's a cute dog.....what a cute dog! Good girl, Lassie! :)  Me-ow meow! I dunnoe whether I want to do this or not. Never mind what "this" is. I will see tomorrow's situation with X.....and if tomorrow there's no improvement,  then I will do "this". I am so crazy. Just ignore this para if you don't understand.  Gotta go le. See ya soon guys! Goodnight and sweet dreams!