         Hmm....today's quite a boring day la. Not really boring. Today, we only have to attend EL lessons, for us 4/5ers. Radha didn't come today, so we have 4 periods free. All the 4/5 have finished their orals, so we relaxed in MT lesson. So, technically, we only have to attend EL lesson. I did my EL homework in 2 of Radha's lesson and MT lesson, and played Dai Dee during MT lesson. HaHa. Speaking of MT, I am gonna miss Hu. She's so nice...kinda....but she's a good teacher! Yeah.....I dunnoe where I would end up in whose class....Let's just pray for the best. Anyway, back to the topic. In the last two periods, I went around collecting money for the Pasir Ris Park thingy...for the food lor. Most of them is paying on Monday...sigh.....I hope they pay up...or else it would be hard to explain to the auntie.   Later on, I went to the library to do my homework. I managed to complete A-Maths, and got started on SS. I hope to finish my SS and EL newspaper report by tomorrow. Yeah.   Okay, you know I told you before about me listening to "Time To Say Goodbye" before sleeping right? Well, now, I have a slightly modified habit. I only listened to Sarah Brightman's voice....why? Because I can sing her part. Yeah...very strange one. I can't reach Andrea's low notes. I keep singing along with her....but of course la...dunnoe whether sang correctly or not, but I feel I did. Who cares, really.  As long as I feel I am correct, I am correct.    HaHa...to get a clearer concept of what I am singing, or rather, crooning, to, I pasted Sarah's lyrics here. Meow Meow!    Time To Say Goodbye - Sarah Brightman's Part    Quando sono sola sogno all'orizzonte e mancan le parole, si lo so che non c'è luce in una stanza quando manca il sole, se non ci sei tu con me, con me. Su le finestre mostra a tutti il mio cuore che hai accesso, chiudi dentro me la luce che hai incontrato per strada.  Time to say goodbye.     Paesi che non ho mai veduto e vissuto con te, adesso si li vivrò. Con te partirò su navi per mari che, io lo so, no, no, non esistono più, it's time to say goodbye.     Meow meow! Goodnight!