         Hmm......Die la die la!!! Not really, but I am kinda worried for my oral tomorrow! Thes two days' topics are so easy! I am so fearful they are gonna change it for Day 5. Hmm...I spotted an interesting trend. The news topic for both days...Hu Lau Shi mentioned them casually during her lessons..and they actually came up! Oh my! I am so gonna listen to her tomorrow! Well, it may be silly, but there's always a glimmer of hope, right? And yeah...Hu isn't teaching us anymore! Ayioh...now only two classes left...Huang's and Zhang's. I really wish to enter Huang's class. Not that I am insulting Zhang's standard...but I don't want to be in his class because of the students. I am very uncomfortable with them....have some bad experience with them....and they and mine personalities and attitudes doesn't match well. At least there is XC in Huang's class. Can sit near him. Yeah....And I hope me and Hann get in together...so can sit with him.  Of course Wendy....I would love to contribute to the idea of buying white flowers for the entire Alto 2 section. Sounds great...I ask Siva tomorrow during EL lesson. And ask CQ also...wait ar..I call him. Okay, he agreed to. YaY.   Ayioh...the Band 3 people got ice-cream today. That leaves us Band 2 and Band 1 4/5 students ice-creamless (except Arman, the traitor...Just kidding ar...). Well, I was saying the ice-cream is sour and fattening...because to tease Hann with. And also because I am jealous la.......Yeah..Call me jealous. It's just not fair!  Wendy, I owe you a huge apology...I shouldn't have pressed on, reminding you. I felt kinda guilty. But what has happened has happened. I dunnoe what to say....just sorry.  Dunnoe what song to end with today, so I shall present you with XC's poem for CME project. We know what inspired him to create such a beautiful poem, XC hor?    Passion - Ong Xiao Chuan   What is passion? Is it a seven-letter word? Or is it the fire that keeps us going?  What is passion? Is it nothing but a word in the dictionary? Or is it something that cannot be described By one word, phrase or language?  What is passion? Is it something material? Or is it something that cannot be seen?  Passion is like an internal flame Raging within each and everyone of us It is fuelled by interest, just like  Fire is fuelled by wood  Passion burns for eternity Never ceasing, never ending Sometimes weak, sometimes strong, Keeping us going  Lets fuel that fire, With interest and commitment. Lets make that fire rage, And let it burn strong.  Lets sparkle our lives, With fireworks of passion. Let us grow as the  Passion burns within us.   Meowing cats! Wish me luck for my orals! Goodnight!