         Meow Meow! Got 3 new prezzies today!   The first one is a big red Slyvester cushion from Hui Min, Amanda, Chin Quan, Wen Qiang and Xiao Chuan! Many thanks to you guys! So big and comfy! Mrs Jalil kept talkignt o me about the cushion. :) I brought it to History class, and she commented, "Afraid of the theft of Slyvester the Cat ar?" I sheepishly said, "No la!". HaHa. And Yit Hann commented that I like red things. My bag is red, the cushion is red, my specs are red! HaHa! Meow Meow!  The second one is a mug with "Happy Birthday" on it, given by Xue Lin, Xue Li and Su Ping! Thanks! I love it! So cute!   The third one is a yellow duck with a bracelet on it. On the bracelet were the words "KEL". This was given by Siva. Thanks a lot! I love the originality of it!   What a big disappointment today. Because the teachers complained of ECP being too far, they decided to move it to Sembawang park! WHAT A LOUSY PARK, compared to EC! Ayioh! What can we do there? There are no bicycles to rent, no nothing! Well, there's water...but it pales in comparison to EC! Why must the teachers come along?!! Ayioh!!! And they better BBQ there ar! Ayiah...I shouldn't be so complaining! At least they are celebrating for us. We should thank them at least, right?  Latest news - I lost my thermometer in the AVA room! Oh my!! I was like about to put it back, then Hui Min and Xiao Xi (Mui Cho) came in. Anxious to collect the Chem worksheets, I rushed out and forgot all about my thermometer. In the end, CQ's sister's friend found it. CQ's sister, Yan Ting, recongized it's mine and gave it to CQ. A million thanks to the three of you! Luckily ar!!!   Not so latest news - The Iranian sisters died due to excessive blood lost just after they have been separated. I don't feel sorry for them, instead, I felt happy for them. They said they want to go under the knife, just to have a chance to be separated, no matter the consequences. But, I believe they must be very happy now. They were finally separated at last. Rest in peace!   Okay, since I am feeling quite party-ish, I am gonna end this entry with one of Pink's songs. Start dancing!    Get The Party Started - Pink   I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started   Get this party started on a Saturday night  Everybody's waitin' for me to arrive  Sendin' out the message to all of my friends  We'll be lookin' flashy in my Mercedes Benz  I got lotsa style, got my gold diamond rings  I can go for miles if you know what I mean I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started   Pumpin up the volume, breakin down' to the beat  Cruisin' through the west side  We'll be checkin' the scene  Boulevard is freakin' as I'm comin' up fast  I'll be burnin' rubber, you'll be kissin' my a** Pull up to the bumper, get out of the car  License plate says Stunner #1 Superstar   I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  Get this party started  Makin' my connection as I enter the room  Everybody's chillin' as I set up the groove  Pumpin' up the volume with this brand new beat  Everybody's dancin' and their dancin' for me  I'm your operator, you can call anytime  I'll be your connection to the party line   I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  I'm comin' up so you better you better get this party started  Get this party started Get this party started right now Get this party started Get this party started Get this party started right now   Ooo! Goodnight all!