         YaY! Today's my birthday! I am gonna give a very detailed account!  I woke up at 7.30..because my parents want to bring my brother to the doctors to get his left foot checked. Anyhow, I ate chee cheong fun for breakfast. They left at 8.15. That means, I am alone for 2 hours. I went online. After checking mail and stuff, it was about 9 to 9.15. I was freakingly bored. I smsed Wendy (hehe..woke her up). Then WQ came online. At 9.30, she hasn't smsed back, so I smsed again...I was worried she couldn't get up on time. At 9.45, I still hasn't received any reply, so I called her. She was awake (phew!) and at 888. Hmm...obviously planning for my surprise but not telling me what. After that, I began searching for gel! Oh my! I can't find the thing! However, while searching for gel, I found a can of deodarant (which I suspect was my father's but I never seen him use it). Being adventurous today. I decided to try it later. Anyway, it took me 15 minutes before I found the bottle of gel.   Okay, at 10.15, I started preparing myself. I dressed up in my polo shirt (free gift from Shell) and jeans. I took a comb and went to the bathroom. First, I wet my hair and combed it the styl I want...I believe it was a right parting....more like center la. Don't care, but it looks nice. I applied gel for 10 minutes or so. Applied once...then came back and applied again and again, fearing the gel wasn't strong enough (HaHa! The bootle said used the gel sparingly!). Then, I used deodarant on myself . I applied it on my neck, face and hands. I am so crazy. The end product was my hairstyle looked totally different and nice, and I smell good. Okay, after fretting about, I finished at 10.30. I then waited for 10.45 to come. I kepy smsing and calling Wendy. I got no replies, so I called her house. HaHa! Reched her at last...she said "yi da qing zhao bei ni fan shi" (in the early morning being annoyed by you)! :P! Okay, at 10.45, I set off.  I reached Admiralty MRT at 10.55. Wendy came later, but when she saw me, she laughed herself crazy. She said my hairstyle looks nice and I actually look good in this hairstyle (blush blush). HeHe! We went to top up her IguanaMobile credits via AXS machine. I tried calling the NewAgeCircle to see whether they are open. We boarded the train at 11.00, and after a few minutes, I was able to confirm that they are open for business (yay!).  En route to Dhoby Ghuat, 11:22 came! Yes! The magic moment! My birthtime! I was officially 16 on 11:22am! I began frantically smsing everyone that I was born! HaHa! Received a flurry of smses....some asked the meaning behind my message....and almost everybody responded. CQ sent me a picture message! So cute! Wendy said I am crazy. HaHa.  Arrived at Dhoby Ghuat Interchange at about 11.35. The NEL part of the station is so cool! Got the sliding thingy...weee! It reminds me of Carrefour's elevators. We took the train towards Harbour Front (I told wendy H.F. was named becuase the place was in front of a habour...I anyhow create one! :P). We alighted at Chinatown station and walked a long way to Exit E. The elevators scenery reminds me of Toa Payoh, but Wendy said it resembles Raffles Place. We came out and there it was! Chinatown Point right in front of us! YaY!   We walked inside and went to New Age Circle. Renee was suprised to see us...and wished me a happy birthday! She mentioned that me and Wendy looked like siblings. Look like meh? No la where got! She said Wendy was the "Sunshine Girl" type and I was the "Bookworm" type! HaHa! Wendy is tanned la, bit like "Sunshine Girl". We shopped around, and I found out that what I wanted (not gonna tell you! Wendy knows though) was out of stock, but I placed an order on it. However, I brought a box for my tarot. YaY! And Wendy placed a reserve on something, using my 20% birthday priveleges dicsount. Yeah, you are welcome, Wendy! After buying our stuff, we went down to MacDonald's to eat a shared (and upsized) meal of Chicken McNuggets meals. HaHa! At the end, we had a competition to see who gobbled the last fries. Ayioh! I slipped and took 2 at the same time, violating the rules, so Wendy claimed victory! We then brought Hamtaro mashmarrows to eat. We set out on our journey back at 1+.  On the train journey back, we discussed a lot of things. Mainly were husband qualities she wanted....I found out she likes being independant from her husband...and her husband must be more successful than her. HaHa! Hope you find your ideal Mr Husband-who-hopefully-hates-kids-and-si-more-successful-than-you! :P :P!   We reached Causeway Point at around 1.35 or so...and went up the library to collect my presents from Shuet Ling. I was feeling damn nervous...probably because I dunnoe what they would say about my hairstyle. HaHa! They didn't say anything at first, but under Wendy's prompt, they said it was nice and different. SL gave me her present (shared by Joyce!) Thanks to both of you! And we left the library to go to Tom And Stephanie to buy Wendy's clothes. I was caught by Wendy, adjusting my hair in the mirror...Been doing that a lot! I feel kinda self-concious all of a sudden. Brought her clothes (she stuffed them in her pouch...woah!) and started making our way to Wendy's house. Yes yes Wendy...your beret looks nice on you...and I am saying the truth.  We reached Wendy's house at 2 something (I brought film!)...and was welcomed by her mother by wishing me a happy birthday! Then, cmae the surprise! Weee! It was a coffee cake! It costs $16 (what a link! $16 cake for a 16th birthday celebration!) What a surprise (even though I suspected all along, it was still a surprise!)! I loved it! Thanks Wendy and Wendy's mom! I loved the cake! We did the usual cake ceremony. I made a wish...cannot tell you, or else it cannot come true! I cut the cake. Wendy divided it into 4 parts...one for me, Wendy, Wendy's mom and Lassie (Wendy's dog). We ate the cake. I get to feed Lassie the cake. I have to make it into small pieces and let Lassie lick from my hands. HaHa! Quite disgusting actually..but fun la and ticklish. Lassie really licks my fingers clean. HaHa! And because I feed her...she keeps following me around! Good girl!  Okay...then we went to Wendy's house. I played the piano and read her books. I took one out to read--The Complete Adventures of Charlie and Mr Wonka. Then we went out to see her mother playing MahJong on PS. HaHa! I don't understand the game...about chi..peng..and all that stuff.   After her mother went out to pay the bills, Wendy switched on the Internet and I went on reading my book. But I found out ar..WQ came online ar! Say what study oral! :P Wendy let me watched two of her FF FMVs. So beautiful, and so nice! I ad-libbed to the Jap words..Wendy laughed and said "I can't believe you do all these!". Later, she improvised along with me! HaHa! She surfed and I read until 5+...Then my brother called and said can't record for me the Bao Zi Dan. Have to watch at Wendy's till 6.30.   Watch watch watch ar.....watch until 6.30...her mother came home and said it's time to eat. And, Wendy gave me the camera (loaded with film inside...we took 14 pics...left 22 pics to take tomorrow)..and we went down together with her mother. Oh yeah, Wendy's brother said my shoes are ugly...ayiah! Where got ugly, Lassie hor? HaHa! Made small talk with Wendy's mother on the way home la.....HaHa! Wendy's mother quite funny. Nice person! Anyway,Wendy ar...if you want free taxi rides, marry a taxi-driver for a husband! You can have free taxi rides for the rest of your lives! :P  Came back home.....after dinner took 2 photos with my first 2 presents! Meow meow! And I am now writing this! What a detailed day! I am gonna end this with what else but...    The Birthday Song  Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Kelvin Yip, Happy Birthday To Me!    Yay! Happy birthday to me! See ya blog! Goodnight!