         YaY! I got my first prezzie today! It's a white cat plushie! Given by Janet, Gloria and Hui Ling. Thanks guys! I love the cat! So cute!!! I am naming it Glenda. The name just came to me while I was waiting for the LC to start. It reminds me of Glenda the good witch. Yeah. Meow Meow! And Hann says he's buying me another cat plushie to accompany Glenda. Oooo!  Oh yeah, speaking of LC ~glares darkly at whoever sets the paper~. It was horrible. It was sucky. It was idiotic. I am angry at myself actually. I didn't listen and comprehend clearly. I failed as a candidate. 'Nuff said.   Today, I rushed trhough my homework. I completed Bio TYS while accompanying Janet teaching Fong Wee (I even taught him about alcohols, carboxylic acids and metals for Chem). Coming back home, I did the MP thingy for CME. Then, I finished Chem TYS. After that, I completed History and SS worksheets (lukcily only worksheets!). Now, the only thing left is the CME project on RSS values. I have two choices....poem or journal. I'll have to decide and complete it tomorrow. Oh well.   Sigh. Oh well. I think I shall end this with a Jap song. It's the theme for the Jap Drama H.E.R.O. Enjoy.    Can You Keep A Secret? - Utada Hikaru   Chikazukitai yo kimi no risou ni Otonashiku narenai can you keep a secret?  * Hit it off like this, hit if off like this, oh baby  [Repeat * , * , *]  Koko kara zutto okutteru angou wo Kimi wa mada kaidoku dekitenai  Tsutaeyou yameyou Konomama kakusou Nigekirenakunaru made Shinjiyou dame da yo Mada utagaesou da mono  ** Chikazukitai yo kimi no risou ni Otonashiku narenai can you keep a secret? Kanashikunai yo kimi ga iru kara Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Chikazukenai yo kimi no risou ni Sugu ni wa kawarenai can you keep a secret? Kanashikunaru to kimi wo yobu kara Can you keep a secret? or konomama secret?  [Repeat * , * , * ,*]  Soba ni itemo toomawashi na hyougen sagashiteru Meikyuu irisasetakunainara won't you come on?  Kasuka na monooto Ottekuru movin' shadow Furikirenakunaru kage Sukoshi no bouken to Kizutsuku yuuki mo aru desho  [Repeat **]  Ato ni wa modorenai can you keep a secret? Oshaberi janai to shoumei shite yo Can you keep a secret? or konomama secret?  Ima made zutto himitsu ni shiteta Dare nimo iwanaide can you keep a secret? Kanashikunai yo kimi ga iru kara Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Kizutsukenai to yakusoku shitemo Dare nimo wakaranai can you keep a secret? Kanashikunai yo kimi ga iru kara Can you keep a secret? or konomama secret?  Can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret? can you keep a secret? Can you keep a secret?    Goodnight all! And psst, only 2 days to my birthday! Wee!