         HaHa! Meow Meow!  I shall start on the update on the "Xiao Xi-Mui Cho" episode. Yit Hann came up with several theories. But I loved his last theory. It's the funniest. His theory was: Xiao Xi did not remember her past because Mui Cho fell down the stairs and damaged her cerebrum while trying to escape from prison. HAHAHA! So funny!   Okay. For the main topic of today, I shall elaborate on my weirdness. not really my freakiness. Just something which I discovered of myself. I tend to see things which I am not supposed to see. No No! Not ghosts....Let me explain. It started off with one incident. I was at a bus stop, waiting for 913 to come. That bus-stop have several buses stopping there. Anyway, one bus came. I clearly saw the numbers 913 on it. I boarded that bus. Then, the bus DID not go the usual 913 way. I got scared. I alighted at the next stop. Then, I saw the bus number. It was 954! Can you believe it? I saw 954 as 913? Another freaky thring. It happened on Wednesday afternoon, while I was eating my lunch. I looked up to take a breather and glanced towards the Indian drink stall. The plastic case was full of soya bean drink. I went back to eat. A few minutes later, I looked up. The plastic case became less than 1/3 full! I was surpirsed and shocked! They couldn't sell out so fast, not within the space of 1-2 minutes! I was quite scared of myself, frankly speaking. Siva said I am imaginging things. Wendy said that was my special ability. I dunnoe. Is this thingy good for me? I don't even know why I am seeing things. What exactly is the purpose of my "ability"? I dunnoe. But...I am quite excited la, to tell the truth. Call me a weirdo. I was initially scared la, (and still is) but I think this "ability" is cool. At least...not many people have that right? HeHeHe.   Okay, moving on. It happened recently. WQ asked me to  GUESS  again! I merely asked him how he can squeeze 84MB worth of songs into a 15MB storage space. And you know what he said?  GUESS!   I loathe, hate, dislike the word GUESS. HELLO! IF I AM SO GOOD AT GUESSING, WHY AM I EVEN ASKING QUESTIONS IN THE FIRST PLACE? BECAUSE I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO CLUE ABOUT THE ANSWER! HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO GUESS?! USE YOUR BRAIN!  Okay, releasing anger over. And he keeps insulting my intelligence, comparing to his. I know, some people have very good GK. Some people knows  EXACTLY  where each and every one shpping center is located. Some people knows a lot about internet. Please remember that somebody doesn't. What I don't know doesn't make me stupid. I don't know because I haven't read about it, or is interested in it (Why should I be interested in the location of shopping centers which I don't even go to?). Remember that when you start to insult people on their lack of GK, and other things as well. Teach them, not insult them.   I do hope WQ gets the message loud and clear. Anyway, to conclude today, I shall now present you the theme song from Smallville!    Remy Zero - Save Me    I feel my wings have broken in your hands I feel the words unspoken inside And they pull you under... And I would give you anything you want, but no.  You were all I wanted  And all my dreams are falling down... Crawlin' around, and around...   Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it Just stay! Stay, c'mon, I've been waiting for you   I see the world has folded in your heart I feel the waves crash down inside And they pull me under... And I would give you anything you want, but no  You were all I wanted...  And all my dreams are falling down Crawlin' around, and around...   Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it... Just stay... Stay, c'mon, I've been waiting for you   And all my dreams are on the ground Crawlin' around, and around...  Somebody save me! Let your warm hands break right through me Somebody save me! I don't care how you do it Just stay... with me... I made this whole world shine for you Just stay! Just stay, c'mon... I'm still waiting for you       Goodnight!