         Today was funny!  Yit Hann brought his book along. It was about a local murder that took places years ago, involving a charlatan bomoh murdering kids for sacrifices. Anyway, they showed us the pictures of the guilty ones. One of them is the bomoh's wife, Tan Mui Cho. Yit Hann pointed to us she looks like Xiao Xi. And for the whole day, YH keeps calling XX "Mui Cho!". AFter recess. YH showed XX the photo. We all were laughing. YH said, "You are Tan Mui Cho right?! You changed your name right? I am going to tell the teachers, the principals. Call the police to come and catch you!" By then, I was laughing very hard. Then, he went to XX';s table, peered down and said, "You still dare to call yourself Baby Melon!" When he said that, I was doubling over with laughter. I was laughing so hard! And I saw Wendy doing the same thing too. Soon, I laughed until I actually cried. Oh my god! Yeah! Can you believe it? Yit Hann has that kind of effect on people. He's so naturally funny! He can make you laugh until you cry (Wendy also! She laughed until she cried!)! Boy, I am gonna miss him and his jokes next year! He's such a funny cat!  Meow Meow! Oh yes! We were informed that for our choir graduation, the choir is celebrating for us at East Coast Park. They are gonna organise a BBQ there! YaY! Now, I can do things I never did last time. Like renting roller blades. Like swimming in the sea. I am like so totally excited about it! YaY! And BBQ too! I never been to a BBQ before. Seriously! I am so totally gonna stay there till nighttime! Wee-hee! But, do you know? They were planning to give the Sec 4s jewelry! Apparently, they didn't know that there are 2 Sec 4 male members! Until CQ's sister told them. CQ were like laughing about this. I ar...was shocked lor! 3 years! They really have no clue about our existence? ~shakes head~ tsk tsk tsk. But whatever! They are planning this BBQ for us! That's real nice of them!  Me-ow Meow! I think I better end this le. Nothing to write le. So, I shall end this with a song from FFIX. Enjoy!    Melodies of Life - Emiko Shiratori   Alone for a while I've been searching through the dark, For traces of the the love you left inside my lonely heart. To weave while picking up The pieces that remain -  Melodies of Life, Love's lost refrain.  Our paths they did cross, though I cannot says just why. We met we laughed, we held on fast and then we said goodbye. And who'll hear the echoes Of stories never told? Let them ring out loud 'Till they unfold   In my dearest memories I see you reaching out to me Though you're gone -  I still believe that you can call Out my name;   A voice from the past - Joining yours and mine, Adding up the layers of harmony. And so it goes on and on Melodies of Life To the sky beyond the flying birds -  Forever and beyond.   So far and away, see the bird as it flies by Gliding through the shadows of the clouds up in the sky. I've laid my memories And dreams upon those wings, Leave them now, and see what Tomorrow brings.   In your dearest memories Do you remember loving me? Was it fate.. That brought us close and now leaves Me behind?   A voice from the past - Joining yours and mine, Adding up the layers of harmony. And so it goes on and on Melodies of Life To the sky beyond the flying birds - Forever and on  If I should leave This lonely world behind, Your voice will still remember our melody. Now I know we'll carry on Melodies of Life Come circle round and grow deep in our hearts  As long as we remember    Goodnight all! Meow Meow!