         I came online for a quickie. Holland Vilalge is showing, and I have to make this fast.  I brought presents for HuiMin and Wan Xin today. Both of them are bears. Yeah. But what's more surprising is that I brought a present for WX. We are not really that close, we used to be "enemies". But, Wendy told me WX has changed her attitude towards me. I was happy la. So, I think that's why I brought her a gift, together with HuiMin and Xiao Chuan. HuiMin received a present from me and XC too. HaHa!   Today, on Wendy's MD player, I heard a song. I heard this from Smallville, and liked it very much. So, I am posting  Graduation  from  Vitamin C  as lyrics today. I dedicate this to all my friends! I will remember you always!    Graduation Song - Vitamin C   And so we talked all night about the rest of our lives Where we're gonna be when we turn 25 I keep thinking times will never change Keep on thinking things will always be the same But when we leave this year we won't be coming back No more hanging out cause we're on a different track  And if you got something that you need to say You better say it right now cause you don't have another day  Cause we're moving on and we can't slow down These memories are playing like a film without sound And I keep thinking of the night in June I Didn't know much of love, but it came too soon And There was me and you, and then it got real blue Stay at home talkin' on the telephone and We would get so excited, we'd get so scared Laughing at our selves thinking life's not fair And this is how it feels  Chorus:  As we go on, we remember All the times we had together And as our lives change, from whatever We will still be, friends forever   So if we get the big jobs and we make the big money When we look back now, will that joke still be funny? Will we still remember everything we learned in school? Still be trying to break every single rule Will little brainy Bobby be the stockbroker man? Can Heather find a job that won't interfere with her tan? I keep, I keep thinking that it's not goodbye Keep on thinking it's a time to fly And this is how it feels  *Repeat chorus*  La, la, la, la; yeah, yeah, yeah La, la, la, la,  we will still be friends forever   Will we think about tomorrow like we think about now? Can we survive it out there? Can we make it somehow? I guess I thought that this would never end And suddenly it's like we're women and men Will the past be a shadow that will follow us round? Will these memories fade when I leave this town  I keep, I keep thinking that it's not goodbye  Keep on thinking it's a time to fly  *Repeat chorus 3x*   Goodnight everyone! Off to watch Holland Village and do Bio homework!