         Hey hey! Today we have Physics class, starting at 9.45. so, me and CQ decided to meet at 9.45. I woek up at 8, bathed, ate breakfast and ran out of the house to meet CQ.  CQ and I talked a lot of things. One of the things he told me was that WQ said that it's better we are not talking, otherwise we would not quarrel. He's tired of querrelling with me. I was like...numb lor. I don't know what to say, or think. I don't even want to think. Wendy says it's good this way. At least he isn't angry anymore. It's good if you look at it that way. Hmmm...I dunnoe lor. I don't want to comment liao la.  Today's Physics was quite fun. HaHa! At least the experiments were easy. After Physics, we did the choosing of the mortals. Okay...at first I got X, a mortal whom I am pleased to have. Then, we chose again after everyone called for a re-choosing. I got Y. Then, there's another round of rechoosing. I got X back. Okay..I can reveal Y now. Y is Clarissa. YaY! I know what to give X.....I already thought of the Grand Finale (the 4th prezzie). HaHa!   We went to MacDonald's to do our homework (me and Wendy). We met up with Venjamin and his friend, WeiJian. I completed Bio TYS there, and decided to complete EL compre at Wendy's tomorrow. I didn't talk much to those two, but I find them quite nice and funny.   Anyway, a very perculiar thing happened. These things happen to me everytime one leh!! You see ar, Wendy's phone ran out of batt, so I lent her my phone to place her SIM card inside (so her mom could call). I transferred my SIM card out of the phone. After a while, I decided to put it inot Wendy's phone. And I can't find it!! Oh my god! I lost my SIM card! I am gonna get trashed by mom! I began searching for it....everywhere! Soon, everyone searched with me. HaHa! And oh...I also found a $1 coin (Ven said the sim card got turned into the coin!!). I want nothing to do with it, it reminds me of painful memeories, so I gave it to Wendy. I searched Wendy's bio book (since it was near me when I took my SIM card out), the table, every inch of the surrounding floor of our table. I even crawled down to search closely. Ha! After 30 minutes, I began panicking. I still couldn't find it! Then, I had an idea. I took Wendy's SIM card and began experimenting how far the card can fly. I flicked it to my right....I dropped it down from both ends of the chair. I even banged my head of the table while reaching for the card. Oww! Wendy told me later I am an embarassment. Hoei! Where got?! I left the place dejectedly...I am so gonna get killed.   Wendy and I walked around Causeway Point. I badly wanted to spend my $7 on a book. Wendy said she would not allow me to do such things. In the end, I didn't buy, because she don't like me buying it. I don't want to buy something which my friend will not gonna like. Hey! After all, I respect my friend's wishes. Ha! We walked around...and decided it was time to go home.  On the bus, I decided to search my bag again for a final ditch effort. And I found it!! It was in my bag all the time! Oh boy! I felt so silly for making such a fuss! I said, "Oh! Ohhh!!!" loudly when I found the card. The people in front stopped talking (in dialect) and looked at me.. I put back the SIM card into the phone...and it worked! I shouted "YaY!" They turned back again! I don't care! I called Wendy's mom to tell her the news. She asked me questions about Ven and WeiJian. I think I got Wendy into trouble. This whole episode made me realise how important my phone is. It acts as a form of communication between my friends and I, as an important alarm clock and as a reminder thingy! I will be totally lost with it. I won't be able to remind myself of show times (Friends, Charmed, Sabrina....), I won't be able to wake myself out (why....I used it to wake me up on the bus today...), I won't be able to sms my friends! Ahh! The important use of my phone! I appreciate it more!  I went home, bathed, ate, watched Simpsons and recorded Yu-Gi-Oh and came online! Ahh! I think I am logging off right now! See ya tomorrow! Bye bye! Goodnight blog!