         Hey hey! Today tons of stuff happened! Today is Teachers' Day!! Woo-hoo!  Firstly, we started off today with busy preparation of gifts for the teachers in the morning. They were rushing here and there, writing notes, wrapping them. Then, we went up to prepare for the run. There, we did our big confession of who's who angel and mortal! My angel is Hann! My guess was correct! HaHa! Then, came the uber lame run. Actually, it's not a run. It's a big walk around the 2.4km route. We cheered our teachers and friends as they ran past us That's all. We walked and walked. Boring. Okay la....we had some fun here and there, but mainly it was Hann who made jokes (like calling SL "XiaoWan! XiaoWan!").   We went back at around 8.45, where CQ and I changed out of the PE attire and into the class t. Then, we lined out and went into the hall to watch the performance. Most of it sucks. Some awful singers, some awful dancing. I only like the music. I fell alsleep at the band performing. The only exciting thing is the percussionist using ordinary objects to play music, the teachers' skit and the awards. Yeah....   After the performance, we became very busy giving out our gifts to the teachers. I became real fustrated when few of them are out. so, I decided to storm the teachers' office and give out cards manually. It worked! HaHa! Mrs Chew had a crowd gathered around her, everybody was very friendly.   After giving out gifts, I went to the canteen to attend a celebration for our Chinese teachers. We invited Mr Du and Mr Zhang for celebrate with us...they cut the cake and everything. We posed photos with them and stuff like that! How cool! Then, XC persuaded me to go watch Spy Kids 3 with him. Huimin and Amanda came along too! Coolies!  We decided to go eat at KFC first. I only ate mashed potatoes....because that's the only thing I can eat. However, Michelle's "Are You Happy Now" came up in the radio playing in KFC! Woo-hoo! Me and Manda went crazy...because we love that song! We sang along! After that, we (Me, XC, HuiMin and Amanda) went around to kill time. Amanda decided to buy blue roses for Wendy in Causeway, but the blue roses were too unevely dyed and ugly. We went to the MRT at around 1.40+, where we met MeiLeng, Jessica and Kenny.   Upon reaching Yishun, we went into NTUC Fairprice. then we went out and went into Northpoint. Me and Amanda decide to buy roses for Wendy, who's coming. We can't find blue roses at Cold Storage, and decided to venture out into the shophouses. After walking a long stretch of road, we can't find any florists. How sucky! We ran back to get a bouquet of roses from Cold Storage. And ran to the GV to give the flowers to Wendy. Her eyes brightened up a little, and she tried to smile. I guess she's too tired. And sad too....yeah. I got a fleeting feeling it's about someone. Yeah. Later, Wendy told me she appreciated the flowers a lot. That's great! :)  Anyway, we watched the Spy Kids3. The plot was terribly dissappointing. You see, there was this big buildup about the characters fighting Toymkaer in Level 5 of the game. BUT! In the end, they exited the game without any final showdown (oh...it came later...but it's was rahter lame).. How dissappointing! The 3D effects was okay....it felt 3D and all. But my glasses were blurry. Overall, I rated the move at 2.5/5 for dissappointing me.  Something miraculous happened. While watching the movie, my handphone rang because of messages coming in. That's weird. My hp died out of low battery long long ago! I couldn't switch it on. and there it was! All switched on and ringing! Very weird. I switched it off. And I can't on it later! No matter how much I tried. All 4 of us think it's weird.....I think radiation from the movie switched it on. Or something from above did it. ~Shrug~ Who knows?  After that, we went back to Causeway Point. We watched XC eat duck rice, while i completed the June Paper in my Bio TYS. Then, we went to take Neoprints. We chose a machine that showed us pictures. We were taking pcitures normally when a pictures of a horrible ghost appeared. We were shocked and the machine captured our faces! Then, we went out to decorate the pictures. We spent too much time on the first 2 photos, and neglected the last two. In the end, the last pic has only a flower and 4 of us with grey walls behind us! HaHa! Quite ugly! You should see it.  I reached home, bathed, ate dinner, watched Holland V and taped Sabrina and came online. Okay...today, WQ logged into his EastCiti account. I panicked and asked Wendy what I should do. Is WQ hinting me something? Is he giving me the chance to talk to him? I don't know whether I should talk or not. I don't know, actually. I wanted to, but I can't. I think it's because I feared rejection. Yeah. And I feared of the same situation happening later on. I don't want a repeat! While I am deciding, he went offline. Oh well. Can't blame him though. You know, he's actually became friendlier towards me. Can really tell lor. Except he always ask CQ to ask me questions, even though I am standing right in front of him. Hmmm....I wish he can ask me directly. It would make my day, it really would. I always answer before CQ gets a chance to ask. HaHa. I changed me MSN nick to "Could you look me in the eye? And tell me are you happy now?". It's a line from "Are you Happy Now". That song has always been a special significance to me. That's why I love it so much. You can say I am hinting. Maybe.   My eyes are getting damn tired. It's watery. I think it's a sign that I should stop. Yeah. Goodnight bog! See ya tomorrow!