         Heya! Such a late blog. Yeah! I was working on the Teachers' Day gifts for the teachers. Wanna know what it is? I tell ya. It's cards. Personalized cards.  Basically, the front and the back is the same thing, but in between is personalized. The right flap has pictures pertaining to the teacher's subject. Okay, that's not so petrsonalized if there are more than one teacher for a subject. What's even more personalized is the message on the left. Yep! Each and every one is different. Lets see. I gave cards to: Mrs Chew, Chrs Chua, Mrs Jalil, Miss Tan, Mr Sani, Mdm Oh, Mr Zhang, Mr Du, Mr Radha, Mrs Thong and Mr Tsung.   Ahhh....I did rather badly for the SS mock exam! Not really badly, but not up to my usual standards. I freaked out while looking at the SEQ questions and went on to the SBQ first. I took a very long time for the SBQ...namely more than 40 minutes. It was quite well-done...'cept for the last qns. Ha! Rushed through that one. Then, I looked over at thw SEQ, and kicked myself. Why? Turns out that I know the question after all. I did the Japan Industrial slowdown questions. I rushed through everything, not sure if I explained properly or not. It was quite terrible. I felt I would have done better if give more time. However, I am quite prooud of my answer. At least I made a balance in the (b) question. Ha. I think I will do well, but not quite well. I am expecting 35-40. Worst case having 30. Yeah....  At EL lesson, I almost slept. I keep nodding off, then waking up with a start. And the whole cycle repeats. We got a list of spelling words. Whoppee! Spelling. Haven't had that for a very long time. I am weird, huh. Wishing for spelling. Ha!  Oh guess what? I got my present from my Angel today! Ahh! It was slipped into the compartment where I placed my hole-puncher. I didn't noticed until in the bus, where I felt something weird. I pulled it out...and there I go. A prezzie! And everyone was surprised! There's a note attrached, saying, "Heaven told me you have a fever. Get well soon!". And inside it is a carribeana. Attached to it is a message that said "I love my cat". The present is so cute! I love it! I must thank the angel tomorrow. Oh...they are revealing angels tomorrow! Can't wait!   Okay, know what? I think I am stopping. I got a big big headache....I think I am gonna go sleep. See ya! Bye bye!