         Hey! Why I haven't been online? Okay okay. You have heard it so many times. I am sick...AGAIN! I hate it!!  Yesterday morning (dunnoe-what-time am), I woke up, I felt terribly cold. That's not a good sign. I only get this cold when I am running a fever. And my head feels warm. I ignored it. Later, my mother woke me up and mademe take my temperature. The thermometer shows: 39.9! OH MY GOD! That's very very high! I almost felt like fainting.  Then, mom did all sorts of things to cool my body down, like washing face constantly with ice-water. Then, they considered sending me to hospital. I am stuck. Okay, hospital is more efficient, and I have been whining about sending me to the hospital somedays ago. But! I watched the Good Morning Singapore show, and the acting Minister of Health said, "I don't care whether it is Vancouver ducks or Canadian ducks, we are treating the flu virus in Canada as SARS", which means that anyone who has high fever and is coughing is most likely treated as "potential SARS victim" and be isolated and denied of any visitors. I DO NOT HAVE SARS! I hate NOT having visitors. I smsed Wendy, she advised me to go "You want your brain damaged? I think you better G". My mom later said that we visit our doctor first, before deciding to go hospital or not.  Slept for a while, then woke up to eat breakfast. Father came back to fetch me to the doctor. At the clinic, I was basically being shunned. Not really. I keep coughing and coughing (that means I have something to vomit, but I don't want to vomit. I hate squat toilets and I don't want to vomit in a grass patch where everyone can see me). The back row seats were empty, except for me and mom. The front row were filled. HaHa! Good. I can stretch out my legs and sleep. After a prolonged period of waiting, it's my turn. The doctor told me becuase I ate porridge yesterday, the virus striked back. I am not supposed to eat rice-based food. And he didn't send me to the hospital. Good. When I came out, I had a fit. My coughing turned violent. This time, everyone looked at me. I ran towards the grass patch behind my father's taxi (far from everyone's prying eyes) and vomited my phelgm out. Ahhh. Felt so much better.   After the visit, we went to Ang Mo Kio. Mom wants to replace some parts of an appliance. After failing at different locations of AMK, we decided to go back home. In the end, I did. The parents went to Woodlands Central to get a new appliance instead. I ate, watched TV, and slept.  At 5.15, my alarm woke me up. It's time to watch Sabrina! Yeah. See. I told you I am a Sabrina freak. I watch it whether I am sick or not. XC called, and told me a lot of stuff. O.o Then I called Wendy. She told me about a lot of things, like everybody knew I was about to go to the hospital and all. And she called after SS exam, to see whether I am in hospital or not. I was sleeping. Quite a number of people said a lot of things. They were discussing it would be funny if I would to go to the hospital and all that. Ha! I wonder what would happen to me in the hospital. Then, I went to bath, and ate macroni and talked to Wendy some more. After that, we hanged up to watch Holland V.   Then, I watched the Jack Neo show (where they talked about maids...haha....so funny) and came online while printing stuff for brtoher. Wendy screamed at me "CQ just left. Anyway...WHAT ARE YOU DOING ONLINE? YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE RESTING!". HaHaHa! Yeah la, I know ni wei wo hao la. After printing, I went offline to watch the Channel 8 show, then Friends. Then, I heard Chistopher Reeve (the one who snaped his back while playing Superman in the movie) guest appears, so I watched. Then, I went to sleep on the floor of my parents' bedroom again.   And here I am. Feverless. I hope. I said I am gonna discuss the WQ issue right? Yeah. You see ar. I thought of giving up, leaving it to fate. I already had enough of this cycle of "fighting-patching up". I thought it was fate that we were umcompatible. Besides, when I learnt he canceled me out of his "close friends" list and blocked me in his MSN, I felt kinda numb about it already. I don't really care that much. Wendy, however, would have none of it. She said that I cannot leave it to fate. I must fight for that hope. I told her "Isn't that pointless? It is clear that the other party would have nothing to do with me anymore...so why hang onto him. That prevents me from moving on." She said, "You can choose to ignore it. But you mustn't lose that hope" and she gave a well-proven example. Yeah. She also said if I leave this to fate, I would dissappoint her, like someone did. I mustn't leave this to fate. And you know what? I won't. I may or may not take action, but I will still hope. And hope. And hope. Yeah.   I gotta go eat lunch le. See ya later. Bye!