         Okay. You would have noticed my 2-days leave from my blog. Why is that so? Is KY away? Is KY's internet been cut off again? Well. No. The truth is: KY's been sick. When i say sick, I mean major sick. As in 39 degrees fever sick.  Yeah. For 2 long days, I have been running a constantly high fever. It started on Thursday morning. During SR, I felt a very serious headache. I felt my forehead and realised that I am running a fever. I excused myself from PE. At Chem, I did Practical with Hann (why doesn't people listen to me until they see for themselves how wrong they are? sheez! Advised him to do this, he ignored me and said I don't know what I am doing. And then, after his experiment failed, he finally heed my advice. Stubborn people! And made me so annoyed and increased my headache level!), then fell asleep at the Chem Theory lesson. Surprisingly, Mrs Chew let me sleep and didn't bother me. She knew I am sick and advised me to go home.  I finally heed her advice and called my mom. Slept at the Sick Bay till Mom arrived. By then, I was feeling very weak. At home, when I took my temperature, the reading showed 39.1. Oh my! We went to a private clinic (my family doctor is not available on Thursday), and I became very very cranky due to the need of sleep (Sick patients get cranky easily). My head hurts so much too. Coming back home, I fell asleep immediately.   I woke up at 5.15 for another round of medicine drinking. After that, watched Sabrina (called Wendy to watch, because the episode features Daniel Bedingfield), then ate dinner. After that, watched Holland V and went to sleep.  In the morning, I woke up with a terrible headache. When I tried to walk, I can't walk straight. Everything's very blurish. I felt very weak and lethargic and my body feels so heavy. I took my temperature and found out that it is 39.5 degrees! Oh my god! After breakfast, parents brought me to the family doctor, who informed me that my body's burning (also smsed Wendy teling her how scared I was and all that stuff about enzymes denaturing and me dying. She replied back with "Don't be stupid. You'll be fine. That's a relief, sort of). After that, ate kueh chap for lunch and went back home.   Let me sidetrack a little. I can't believe how cool my father's new taxi is! It's very yellow and bright, being a new taxi and all. It's much bigger than before! The driver has many more controls. For example, he can lock/open the door with a simple push of a button. And whenever he locks/opens his front door with his keys, the other 3 doors will follow suit. How convenient. The front passenger seat is bigger and has more space. YaY! Anyway, there's one stupid feature which I hate. There is this "lighter" to light cigarettes. Just push a button, take out something, put the cigarette onto some glowing metal spiral and viola, cigarette is lit. I hate this new feature! Citycab is balantly encouraging drivers to smoke! Why, I never! I thought our government is strongly discouraging smoking, and there CityCab is! Telling drivers it is okay to smoke and providing convenient tools for them to smoke too! What atrocity! How atrocious! When I have a car (don't sneer. I am gonna have a car), I will not allow such features in my car!  Okay, back to the topic. I went back home, slept for an hour and started on my homework, while watching Twins Effect. I managed to complete my homework...yippee! However, I recieved a very idiotic call. Hann called. At first, he asked me how I am doing. I said I am not fine and is still having a fever. He said, "That's your problem". You asked how I am and later tell me it's my problem? Hello?! Then, he told me about how much I missed out that day and how much he learnt in class. I became quite angry. There I am. Barely recovering from a fever (37degrees that time), feeling very headachy, and you are boasting about how much you are clever than me because you learnt something more. Hello! Like I care! Stupid words. I told him, "Learn then learn la! Like I care how much you learn!". He then got all huffy-puffy and hang up. Later, I smsed him, saying that what he said just now is really inapporpriate and he went overboard. "If you want to boast, go find someone who cares". He then said something about "You are too much...assuming everything". I forgot what I replied with, but apparently, it made him real mad. He got very angry and started shouting (in his words, I infered that he is my Angel. About "not gonna bother to....nevermind". That shows secrecy! A-ha!). I finally ignored his smsed and switched off the phone. At that time, I felt really weak again. My temperature has rose to 39 again! It's very demoralizing! I never had such a serious fever before! High fever for 2 straight days! I can't stand it anymore! I fell asleep, this time, on the floor in my parent's bedroom. They gave me the "cold treatment", hoping the cold floor and the direct fan blowing in my face would cool me down. Anyway, felt very umcomfortable.  The next morning, which is today, I woke up and felt so much better! The "cold treatment" worked! My temperature is now 38.5 and everytime I take my temperature, it is slowly, but surely, decreasing! Whoo-hoo! But the only idiotic thing is: My throat hurts like hell! Whenever I try to swallow anything (even water), I would feel extremely uncomfortable and painful. Ergh. However, it felt better when I drink the sour plum drink my mom made. Ah! It's much better now. I got smses from Wendy and Ah Ji, and a call from Janet last night, asking and wishing for my well-being. Thanks guys! I appreciate it so much!  Alright! Enough about my sickness. I heard that on Friday, a lot of mortals have recieved their gifts. HaHa! So much fun! Wish I was there to see their joys. They spectaculated that whoever did not recieve their gift yet has me as their angel. Oh my, that makes it very obvious! But it doesn't make a difference, really, whether I am there or not. Okay. SHOOSH KY! Too much clues! Heard Ah Ji got a box of chocolate, WQ a letter. Congrats to both of them! Enjoy your gifts ar.   I think I am ending here le. I am getting a headache. See ya tomorrow! Bye!