i declare me NUTS ! Y?? Simple, coz I'm like so bored I'm sprouting nonsense online.........muhahaha ! My dad juz said I've grown fat........Man! Maybe its about time i go on a diet?? That would mean I'm gonna be missing out on my favourite foods...! Oh no! To not be able to eat is like the ultimate torture for me.........Especially since I'm a big food fan.  *haiz* wait a minute.....i see a really big irony here. i live in a very comfortable country with plenty to eat, a place where food wastage is like so darn high, and I'm actually complaining about growing fat and going on a diet! geez...! okie, I'm no saint, that i have to admit, but its like...HELLO!  there people starving out there and I'm declining my body of food for vanities sake! Wad on earth is happening here? People refuse food because they wanna look good (model skinny, in other words), not because they wanna be healthy. woah.......wad's going on here? people are starving out there for goodness sake! Some are so poor that they can't afford to feed themselves but fast food restaurants throw away burgers and fries that are perfectly okie to consume just because they have been outside for more than 5 minutes with no one ordering them!   HELLO!?!?! NEED I REMIND U THAT THERE ARE PEOPLE STARVING OUT THERE?? PEOPLE WHO WOULD DOWN EVEN THE MOULDEST BREAD THEY CAN FIND??   wassup with you people? Dun destroy food like that, its worth something to others even if u dun wan it. Kids are suffering from malnutrition and dying slowly and the disease consumes them day by day, poor folks who live on the streets can hardly afford to feed themselves 2 meals a day are also dying from starvation.  true, there are charity food houses around but lookie here! They need money to pull through too! Most people, not all, people i see, would rather spend their money on products to beautify themselves than to contribute it to a better cause....i mean izzit worth it? i believe there are more user-friendly ways to spend money, dun get me wrong, I'm not against pampering our bodies once in a while but to be spending hundreds of dollars on GUCCI and PRADA every other day is way off! I'd rather be giving it to charity.............It'd serve more purpose.   I'm not anti rich or anti pampering, I'm guilty of it myself sometimes. Wad i mean is to know your limits and well, think about the other haf of the world too! i dun expect everyone to be super saints and give everything away in search of the ultimate truth, i doubt I'll be that selfless myself.....Wad really irks me is the fact that there are people out there who believe that anyone who dun own as much or more than them should be condemned and that only they deserve to live in this world coz they are well-to-do............  WHAT THE HELL MAN ?!!