         Heya! Today, I didn't play FFIX at all, so there won't be any FF updates whatsoever. Decided to take a break from playing FFIX. Yeah.  Today, something interesting in school happened. We decided to play a game, called Angels and Mortals. It's played like this. We, a group of us, are all Angels and Mortals. Angels will select a mortal (from lucky draw) and for 4 weeks, once a week, give his/her mortal a gift. It could be anything....words of encouragement, all that stuff that Angels do to make their charges feel better (reminds me of Leo, the Charmed Ones' Whitelighter, an angel). The mortal is not supposed to know who his/her angel is, so the angel must somehow give the gift to his/her mortal secretly. About 14+ people signed up for the game! Whee-hoo! Me and CQ were talking about the possibilities of getting so-and-so.....At the end of the school, we drew lots to see who got who. I was telling myself that if I chose myself, I am not going to send a letter secretly to myself saying, "Good job being a cat!". Anyway, Clarissa got herself...have to repick...kinda funny. I got my mortal and it's a surprise for me (okay...it's a surprise no matter who i picked). I got .......... HaHa! I can't say (and the number of dots does not mean the number of letters in a word. Give up your counting.), because the angel who divulges his/her mortal have to treat 10+ other angels Yakult. Oh my!! I better keep my mouth shut. I had my suspicions who my angel is, due to overhearing snatchets of conversation. Only suspicions though. If those two (one of them) is really my angels, I am very happy le! :)   today, I did something damaging. While climbing up the stais, I grabbed hold of Hann's bag. Actually, I grabbed one of his ornaments. A chicken. And it came off from the keyring! Can you imagine that? I was like so shocked. Wendy, walking besdie me, saw everything. She started laughing and it grew harder and harder. Hann turned around and I quickly hid the chicken behind my back. Then, after threatnening me and stuff, he turned back. Then. me and Wendy started laughing real hard! Oh my god! I was so laughing that I can't stand up! HAHAHA! The whole thing is so funny.....the chicken suddenly went "pop" and was detached from the bag and ended up in my hand. And my expression too! I was so shocked! Then, Hann saw his bag and knew what happened. I gave him back the chicken..and he became devastated. He informed me I owed him a lot of things. Oh my!   Today...I think thatr's about all for today la...I gotta go now! Goodnight blog! And oh yes, good job being a cat!