         Heya! Firstly, FFIX updates. I got out of Black Mage Village (brought a lot of Hi-Potions), went back into Conde Petit to see the holy union of Zidane and Garnet, and also ViVi and Quina. Funny la, that scene! HaHa, especially when Zidane failed to kiss Garnet. Okay, anyway....we walked the bridge thingy and finally, we ended up in Iifa Tree, the source of all mist. Skipping the bopring stuff, we got to fight Soulcage, the Undead boss of Iifa tree. The guide advises me to use Life......BUT BUT! It misses! And the stupid peabrain monster used Lvl5-Death, which killed off Eiko, Dagger and Vivi! I keep using Phoenix Down on Garnet, but before I can even use Life, the monster killed her. Finally, I remembered an old advice, and proceeded to use Phoenix Down then attack the monster. It finally worked! It's a miracle Zidane survived! HaHa!Now, I am on my way back to Madain Sari to help Eiko in a theft incident!  Today leh...nothing much happened lor. Well, today Wendy asked me to buy food for her. I brought her chicken rice plain. And she was dissappointed and said, "I thought you know me well". I was like "Woah?" and was quite hurt by that remark. Firstly, I didn't see any extra ingredients she wanted. Secondly, I have no money to pay for extras lor. I told her the former reason. She said later on, "You lied! I saw mashed potatoes!" I went on to tell her I didn't see and also the second reason.  She said, "You say so earlier ma" ... Don't know what to say la. I shut up and eat my laksa. Sigh.  And oh! The class committee is badged....Well done, majority of the class comm! You put in real effort and committment into your work! Your value and hardwork does need to be recongized. Notice I use thw word "majority". Get the implication? You infer yourself and tell me! Then, we went to vote for the Teachers Awards. Oo! I do hope some of our favourite teacher would get in! Okay...then after the quick Chem remedial, we went to choir for a quick refresh. The choir has fallen into a state of depression. The Sec 1s totally sucks  and Miss Choo gave up all hopes on them. Ahh....oh well. Oh yes, her comment to PeiYu's article is that PeiYu seemed to think she is dead, for everything is written in past tense. Ahhh.....I don't know whether she felt insulted or she's joking. I hope it's the latter.  We left home at 4.15. I noticed that Wendy became quite depressed. She became depressed like after stepping into the Choir room. Not only I noticed lor, the rest of us did. And we were pretty worried for her. CQ and Janet keep asking me what's wrong with Wendy, and I told them I don't know much, just that she became depressed after entering the choir door. I had my suspicions that it has something to do with a particular someone, but I didn't voice that out la. Hmm... But whatever it is, I do hope she will feel better soon.   Uncle Steven came to fix my brother's computer. It's working now, but all the files has been erased. Ahh! Whatever la! He says he'll be bringing over an anti-virus CD for us next time, to protect ourselves against viruses. HaHa! Thanks Uncle Steven!   I think I gotta stop writing le. So late le...these days I feel very lethargic and sleepy. Probably still hasn't gotten used to waking up at 5, half and hour earlier. How would I give for Friday to come!! Sit in a new car and wake up at 5.30! How blissful life is! Friday Firday come come soon! Okay okay...enough crap. Goodnight!