         Ahh yes! FFIX updates first! It was a treacherous walk to Conde Petit, where we met many many monsters, and devoured them. One useful monster Quina ate is Cactuar, where Quina learnt 1000 Needles, an attack inflicting 1000HP everytime. So useful that one. It nearly wiped out my party...stupid thing. Anyway, I finally made it to Conde Petit, where so many strange-looking cats were around. Then, we found a black mage, and therefore, everyone decided to chase after it. I got lost...but luckily I found some Chocco's footprints and rode Chooco towards the Black Mage Village. We arrived there. ViVi learnt about "stopping", when mages die. Zidane talked about his childhood. Both stories leave a sense of melancholy in my heart. Then, they began to find Kuja and his silver dragon. Ahh...that will be next time.  Today nothing interesting really did happen. I ordered some photos from Yvonne. There is no SS remedial, so we went out to eat and do homework together. Oh yes! Something did happen. You see ar, Mrs Jalil was doing patrol duty in the canteen and XC didn't wear his badge. So, XC wanted me to "cover" for him. Jalil came over..and XC said something about "quickly hide". So, I said loudly, "XC! Give me one piece!" and proceeded to take one piece of XC's food. How embarassing. Right in front of Jalil some more leh! She came over and asked why I take hsi food. I told her about the father not working for one week and I have minimal amount of money. She said, "Don't starve yourself yourself ar!". Such a caring teacher. Then she went on saying, "You should help Kelvin in times like this ma...how can you all say him? (Hann said loudly, "He got a motive!")" HaHa! I don't know why, from trying to cover for XC to this embarrassing incident. Then, Hann and CQ went on exclaiming loudly to the whole wide world I got a motive in whatever I do. So, finally, I said sarcastically, "Ayioh! My motive is revealed!". Hann then said, "You got a motive in saying that your motive is revealed!" Oh my! -.-"    After school, we went to the AVA room to hear Mrs Tan's speech. Only those who were exempted from taking MT had to hear this speech. We were told to behave in the library, if we break any rules, we have to do MT Nov Paper. And therw will be no appeal whatosever, since we lost our privileges. Whatever. Like I would misbehave. Or like my friends would either.  Then, we went to Admiralty's KFC to eat and do homework. By "we", I mean CQ, Me, XC, SL, HuiLing, Gloria, Janet and WQ. XC and I shared some bombo meal together. I was remarked upon my chicken eating skills to be too gentle. I slowly peel off the skin and the meat, then eat the pieces slowly. Someone even commented I "don't know how to eat a chicken". I respectfully did not retort. Obviously, the person is blind. If I don't know how to eat a chicken, none of the meat would be in my stomach being digested. At least I don't waste chicken. I eat every single meat my teeth can bite into, and the skin too, and also the bones. Chickens gave their lives for us, to fill our stomach with energy, not to be thrown away half-eaten. Anyway, back to the topic. After eating, we moved to the foodcourt upstairs for homework-doing. I didn't complete my SS (but I did complete it in Popular while waiting for Janet and Gloria to buy what they want), but me, CQ and SL discussed about forming a study group for SS/History. I am very okay with the idea. I wonder what topics they assigned me to do. Ahh!   There will be two tests tomorrow. Bio and Trig functions/equations/whatever-it-is-named. Bio one I dunnoe whether can pass or not. I hope the paper would be easy. The Trig oen is so simple! Even Mr Radha commented today that I "can do it!". HaHa! Boosted my confidence man! :)  I think I gotta go now...see ya tomorrow! Goodnight!