         Heya! I completed my homeworl! Woo-hoo! Finally!   Today, I woke up at 8, where I spent 30 minutes in bath. I was thinking about the WQ issue and what points to include in my EL compo later (came with with several good phrases..like "ensure that the fmaily is stable-economically, emtionally and physically"). Then, me and brother watch Digimon and Yu-Gi-Oh while both parents went to buy breakfast and stuff. They came back with my breakfast (fried carrot cake. the size has grown smaller! ayioh!). I ate till 10, then I proceeded to Wendy's house for a day of homework-completion.  Ah! I managed to write my arugmentative essay...and go for lunch with Wendy and her brother. We ate at Macdonald's, and since I only brought 4 bucks, I ate the Chicken McCrispy only.  Wendy and her brother ate fries, spicy Chicken McCrispy and some hamburger. The eldest brother brought back some food for the third brother.   After that, I completed my EL compre and History notesd while she completed her Bio TYS. I found an eyebrow plucker at her cabinet, and proceeded to pluck my eyebrows. It ended up that my right eyebrow is finer than my left eyebrow. Oh my!! After that, we went to Causeway Point. Wendy wanted to buy C21's CD, and I accompany her.  She didn't get the CD after all. Stocks hasn't arrived yet. We toured Causeway Point. Okay, not really the whole of Causeway, but the fourth and fifth floor. We went to the Hallmark shop, Music Junction, the gift shop in the fourth floor, and the snack shop in fifth floor. I brought (and owed Wendy $1) Vanilla Coke there. We then went up to the cinema to see what new movies there are. "How To Deal" was not showing there (probably at Eng Wah or Golden village). We saw a new cartoon movie, "Sinbad and the Seven Seas". Brad Pitt voiced Sinbad. There were also voices from Michelle Phieffer. HaHa! Along the way ar, CQ smsed to my reply. His reply is very the what leh! So embarrassing! I say often already, NO, but they don't listen one!   After that, we went to the library to pick up her mother. After that, I find myself walking towards a Jap restuarant. I was too busy smsing CQ to tell her brother I am eating at home. Wendy said, "You lucky" and said that I never treated her before. Feel so embarrassed. Her family treated me so many times, whilst mine didn't. Sigh...I make it up to Wendy some day la hor. Me and her brother ate the chicken one, while Wendy and her mom ate the salmon one. Me and Wendy don't eat beef. I don't because I hate eating other meat that is not part of my daily regime (chicken, ducks, pigs, fishes, cuttlefish, shells, sotongs...the likes). I dunnoe why Wendy don't eat beef. Must ask her later. And CQ smsed Wendy a cute picture sms. I was so jealous and actually smsed CQ back, saying "you bias ah ji". HaHa! He sent me another cute pic sms! Thanks CQ! :)  After that, we went to Metro, to wait for her brother buying 4D there. Wendy was shopping for a wallet...and she was so tempted to buy one. I drag her to another section (she asked me to "Kel! Pull me away!"), which contain wallets again. So, I pulled her towards the handbags section. HaHa! Soon, it was time to leave. We met JunZhong and ChinChuan outside Metro. After that, I went back home, ate dinner, and here I am. Oh Yit Hann said to record his call down, and he's still talking to me.  I gotta go off le. See ya tomorrow! Goodnight!