         Today's a rather interesting day. But first, I want to talk about FFIX. I have managed to go through the Evacation Site, reaching the Outer Continent. I gots loads of interesting items in the mine. and experience too. When I fought Lani, one of Queen Brahne's assasin, Zidane Tranced. I used the new Dyne skills he learnt, and the most powerful, Solution 9, which deducted 4000+ HP from the enemy. Woah! We won the battle easily! Woo-hoo! Now the Outer Continent awaits me!  Hey! As you know, today's the school Flag Day. Our class is assembling at Wisma Atria, along with the other Sec 4 classes. First, me, Janet, Gloria and HuiLing decided to meet and go to Marsiling MRT to meet the rest. Me and Janet meet at 6.05, then we proceed to Gloria's house, reaching there at 6.15 (along with few screams here and there! All the chicken's fault! Crowing and scaring me like that!). Then, we three walked to Admiralty MRT, where we met a very late HuiLing at 6.35 (who is ruimored to pencil her eyebrows before stepping out of the house).   We reached Marsiling at 6.45...just nice. On the way down, it seems that we just missed Mrs Jalil. HaHa! We were too busy peering to our right for CQ they all that we missed Jalil waving to us on our left. I hope she doesn't feel insulted. And I was commenting rather loudly when we walked down the stairs that we Admiralty people is so much earlier than those who lived near Marsiling. HaHa! And our theory is proved right when WQ, being the nearest to Marsiling, is the latest to arrive! Tsk tsk tsk! We boarded the train and off we go!  On the train, I did my Physics TYS (copied...and also to the delight of SL, because she can copy from me afterwards) and listened to my Discman. It's rather jumpy.....oh well! I must get it serviced someday. I managed to complete the first chapter and halfway through the second chapter when we arrived at Orchard. Ahh. Do later la.  We took a rather long way to the back Wisma Atria. We reached there in the end...and waited for the subsitute teacher for sick Mrs Chew (get weel soon, Mrs Chew!). It turned out to be Mrs Chua (another of my theory was proven right! I was telling that to Janet and Gloria on the way to Admiralty MRT)! We registered our names and stuff and waited for the whole class to assemble. Mrs Chua insisted that she take the whole class to Raffles. The whole class finally did assemble at 8.30. We then proceed on to Raffles MRT, where Mrs Chua would station herself there to watch the MRT exits.   Our group - Me, Quan, SL, Janet, Hann, WQ, Gao Luan and Kim Hock - went towards the Singapore River direction. Here, we aplit up inot 2 groups of 4. My group consist of me, Janet, Hann and CQ. Not so strangely and coincidentally enough, we four are Kim Hock-haters. HaHa! We went towards the direction of the Esplanade (okay...proounced as Es-plant-nad, NOT es-plan-naid! We should prounce it the French way, since Esplanade is a French word!), where we spot lots of toruists from China. Most of them don't want to donate though. Hmm. We got to the Esplanade, and was effectively chased out by a security guard, who said something about cannot solict donations in front of a government building (oh! they are afraid of tourist complaining! that's what we think), so we went back. Then, we seeked out Mrs Chua because of sheer boredom (she was sitting at the grass-thingy reading a Bio book..something to do with O Levels). She told us to go to Golden Shoe Carpark building to ask for donations. There're lots of people walking in and out ...great for donations.   We went there...and woah! Mrs Chua's recomendation was excellent! That place is a cross-road, so people were walking in from all 4 directions. So many donors! Woah! Soon, our bag was jingling with coins and some notes. After a while, we went to eat in the coffeeshop. Me and Hann shared kueh chap, Janet and Quan drank Pepsi. After that, those two left early after dirnking...and we continued eating. Meanwhile, it started to rain.   What a surpise we recieved when we came out! The other group came and snatched our ti pan! Now, we cannot return to our own home (wu jia ke gui)...and they all blamed me, becuase i told SL where we are when she called. We left that place...(me still under beration) and when we came back...they were gone! I think they took the hint. After that, we decided to returnto Raffles to accompany Mrs Chua. What we ended up with is a mindless hour of waiting and getting wet. Finally! At 11.30, Mrs Chua came out of a shopping centre! Then, she started taking attendance...and still isnisted that all of 4/5 assemble before we can leave. Then, after some time, we can leave...phew!  After handing up the bag, and queueing a long queue and suffered stickers attacks, we headed into Wisma. Our group decided to eat at KFC. WQ made me sit outside the table, blocking everyone's way. I told him, "If I block anyone, then it's your fault!". One lady tried to pass, and I told her, "Sorry for blocking you!" while glaring at WQ. Then, all of them left without me, HuiMin and XC! How could they! but luckily, we met them in the train platform. After that, all of us proceeded to Bugis.  Oh! We had so much fun in Bugis. We spotted Adarian Pang and walked the Bugis Junction. After that, we went to Bugis Village. XC told us there a "pervertic shop" there, selling all kinds of pervertic things. XC reckoned that it might also be a prositute house. Oh! We decided to go to Bugis Village. We did spot that shop there...and XC commented those people outside the shop looking at the display, "Those pervertic people! Want to go there ar!". After touring bugis Village, we went to OG, near the Fu Lu Shou building.  OG's huge. We shopped around for ornaments and toys....haha! We even meowed at the Monopoly game board! After having fun in OG, we decided to go back to Parco Bugis Junction to eat lunch. After eating 2 times (KFC and kuey chap), I decided to do my Physics homework there. Yeah! :P There, Gloria encountered a nasty. Gloria accidentally pushed a chair with a handbag on it. That lady cat, stared at Gloria and angrily pushed the chair towards her. Tsk Tsk.   Ater eating, we left for home. On the MRT, lots of things happened. First, we took lots of pictures and that XC controled my actions everytime! You will see soon enough. It's terribly funny! Then, I completed my TYS (except for Section Bs, because I have no foolscap) when the train reached Kahtib. The last interesting thing is, mine and Wq's fight, which ultimately, he became the losing party.  you see ar. He wanted to go up to take my zhuo ye. Fine with me. Then, later he said I take my zhuo ye and go down to give it to him while he wait for me downstairs. Not so fine this time! If he's too lazy to even come up(well...he's even too lazy to walk properly....he walks and he nevers lifts up his feet! Produce all those stupid sound! Tsk Tsk! Well, if his leg becomes a problem for him, then he jolly well deserved it. Don't lift up feet some more la!), then why should he get my zhuo ye? After all, he wanted it for himself to copy. I told him no...then he wanted me to give back his CD. He is a very cruel person, and violent too. He tried to cause bodily harm to me and my earpiece. I told him I would scream if he did that again. He went on to squeeze my earpiece in his hands! Ahh! I really screamed out loud! And gave him back the CD, when I realized that he isn't embarrassed of his violent and meancing actions. I tolf him loudly, "If my earpiece spoilt, I am suing you for damages!" (I thought a lot about it at home, when I am bathing. I should also sue him for causing intentional harm to my ear and my posessions and harassment. And suggest that he be locked up indefinitely. He's a danger to the scoiety, such violent and revegeful person!). Then, I was telling XC I am going off le. He piped up and said, "Go la! Don't cause more embarrassment to yourself!". I then retorted while telling XC, "XC. I going liao. And I also heard go fei (dog bark. I should have said more about unwanted dogs in MRTs!)!". He was staring at me when I leave the train. He later told XC that I am mad, crazy, and asked everybody whether I was loud. Of course I was loud! Screaming is meant to be loud. If I am soft, then it's a insult to my screaming skills! What a stupid question to ask! Ha! Feeling the embarrassment now, aren't you?! And he always use the same words! Change words la! Such limited vocabulary! Tsk Tsk. Even I was praised by the examiners for having and using good vocabulary! Okay...stop being so bitchy ar, KY! One last thing, never mess with a person who knows how to scream and is not afraid to do it! Stop it KY! End of anger release (and this is the longest paragraph so far!)!  Oh! Tomorrow going to Wendy's for homework completion. I still have EL compo, compre and history notes. I hope I can complete by tomorrow!   I gotta go le. And I just realize I am a very evil, vile and horrible person when I bitch. Ahh! The dark side of KY! Goodnight!