         Heya! First thing first. FFIX updates. I completed the rescue mission of Garnet from Alexandaria Castle, got out of Alexandaria, got Ramuh the Endolion, fought the stupid snake (and keep healing myself and stole Oak Staff from) which frightened the Gargant, got into Lindblum and brought new weapon (including Exploda for Zidane) and here I am, out in the world, making my way towards Qu Marsh. Ahh!  Today, in EL class, Mrs Thong told the whole class what the examiners said about me. HaHa! She added that the examiners won't minus mark for my nervousness...phew..a very very good thing and also, the examiners told her I kept self-correcting. Ha! Silly habit of mine! Nervousness again! Ahh! I feel even more relaxed! Wee-hoo! and today leh...Hann keep suaning me because I keep talking about my orals and how well I did. I think hor, he's being jealous. There he is, worrying about his own orals, and I am there 'flaunting' my good grades. Ahh! I think I made him even more uneasy, and worried, and jealous. Ah!  Yesterday, Hu Lau Shi mentioned me in her Sec 2 class. She said I was so happy that I held her hand and jumped up and down. HaHa! Hey...how you know, you ask. Well, that class is CQ's sister's class, and she has her suspicions that "Xiang Wei" is me. She confirmed with CQ. CQ thinks that Hu likes to boast about her O Level students. I think I am a very good example (for people to boast about). Yeah! For all my fours years at Riverside, I am a very lousy MT student, never getting any A in any MT exams before. And there I am, getting an A for my O Levels, exceeding Hu's expectations (a B3)! See! No wonder she would talk about me. HaHa! I feel so honored! Stop it ar, KY. Don't hao lian ar!   What else to say ar.....oh yes! I decided to dig my Discman out of the cupboard and bring tomorrow and on every MT lessons. I see so many people bring...and CQ/Hann don't want to lend me. Feel so left out everytime...so decided to bring lor. Must ask XC, WQ they all to burn CDs for me. Ahh! Getting desperate now ar! No la where got!   Today, a miraclous event happened to Wendy. Now now...I won't say...it infringes upon her privacy right, but this something is what she has been wishing for, has been wanting for ages. She is so happy about it! I feel happy for her too! :) (~thumbs up for Wendy!~) I personally feel that she's very brave. It takes a lot of courage to do this sort of things, yeah! I admire her for that! And once again, great job Wendy! I am very happy for ya!  I think I am logging off le! See ya tomorrow blog, when I return from the Flag Day! Goodnights!