         Heya! Today's my EL Oral! Woo-hoo! Let me narrate what happened.  I wasn't worried at first...I was very calm and everything. But! But! Once I stepped into the waiting room, I started feeling really nervous! Yeah! Oh my god! Yep! We, 12 of us, decided to "cheat" a bit. See ar...the first few people are our indicators. We make them use hand patterns and gestures to tell us what they think about the passage and the picture. Becky was the first one. She used the "difficult" gesture. Oh my! Becky was the best scorer among us...and if she thinks the picture is hard, we die liao. The next one, XiaoXi confirmed that with us. Then, Johan went to peep at the picture. According to him, it was a river. That set all of us in a frantic. We started researching on the conversation topics for nature, conservation, protection of envrionment and stuff. Oh my! The time-keeper keep peeking in on us...probably becuase we are sitting way too near the window and she thinks we are cheating (well, her suspicions were right! Ha!) Soon, slowly, the numbers started to dwindle......Until 4.15, when it's my turn to go out to read.   Ahh! The picture was NOT about a river. It was about an Indian man making teh tarik. Dman that Chin Kang! how did he see a river when it is a coffeeshop?! The passage is quite easy, except that it is unusually long. I spent equal time on both components...although the time-keeper stopped me before I can think up of a conclusion.  After Jason came out, it's my turn! Oh no! I went inside...but was chased out because they hasn't finished discussing Jason's marks (Jason said Mrs Thong and the time-keeper giggled at me! HaHa!). Then, I was too busy looking at Jason talking to Mrs Thong that I didn't notice the examiner calling my name. HaHa! I finally realised she's calling me...  I stepped into the examination room, greeted them and took a seat. I started reading. I made quite a number of pronunciation mistakes. I think I did rather well in the expression department. Ha!   Moving on to picture description! I did rather well, I must say. I could have been more detailed in the description of characters, but I did rather well. After describing and interpreting most of the picture components, I went on to talk about my experience with drinking teh tarik. Then, due to the need to conclude, I had to say "In conclusion". Then  I paused. I don't know what to conclude! The male examiner prompted me and said, "In conclusion?". I said, "Er. In clonclusion...I love tea!" and gave a broad smile. That set both examiners off laughing. HaHa! Nothing to say ma! Don't what to say ma!  Moving on to conversation. That's the most interesting part. I was asked "In the passage, the writer talks about herbal drinks. What do you think of herbal medicines?" Oh my! What a dream question! I have so much experience in drinking herbal medicines (because i visit a Chinese practicioner when I am sick), I got a lot to talk about! However, one rather amusing thing was that the examiners keep laughing at me. I have to stop more than twice to ask them why (and to let them recollect themselves). My points funny meh? They said I was too nervous, and therefore, making the way I speak turns out to be funny. HaHa! Anyway, I felt that I did rather good too. I looked at both of them in the eye and I didn't require much prompting. A improvment, yeah!  At the end of the oral session, they apologised for laughing and disturbing my oral. I took the opportunity to ask them how I fare (yes! I did that!). They said I did rather well and I had good vocabulary, and I could be less nervous. I asked them if my nervousness would result in a loss any marks. They replied, "Not really. We would take into consideration that you are nervous, that's all" (which XC said they would minus about 1-2 marks...oh well). I felt immesnely relieved and left the room, thanking them.   After that, a group of us met Mrs Thong and enquired about the examiners' comments. They told her that we did well (and told Thong about me...which they repeated I got good vocab and I did well) on the whole. The people (even numbers) who did on the herbal medicines generally scored lower than those (odd numbers) who did "what's your special place for relaxation?". Ahh...oh well! After chatting with Thong for quite a while, we went back. We discussed a lot more on the bus journey. We stared at Tsung when he got on the bus, hopefully making him to ask us what we said. He noitced our staring and said, "Why? Your oral just finished?" and moved towards the back. HaHa!  On the whole, I felt statisfied with my oral results. :) And rather confident too. I think I am ending here. Goodnight!