         Ohh! Today is the day we are are waiting (and fearful) for! Today is the day where it decides our destinies as Mother Tongue students. Today is the the release of MT results! Ahh! Wanna know my results? Read the following paragraph(s) then!   I already had an inkling of today's release day, due to some unconfirmed rumors in the GameFaqs message board. HaHa. And I was calling everybody up (so many sleepyheads!)! HaHa! By today, I was feeling quite nervous lor. This is a matter of life and death. Okay, not really. But it is pretty important! I want to skip MT! I want to! Even though I know I can't really achieve A, there's a part in me that hopes. :) During MT lesson, Zhang came in...with a bundle of papers! AHH! It's the results! All of us felt pretty tense up....the moment arrived! Zhang read out Wendy's name.....but to Wendy's chargin, he refused to tell her her marks, but he made a comment, "Woah! Never knew that our Bao Yu.." which basically meant that she got A already. Then, I requested for my name to be read out. I crossed my fingers.....Zhang said ,"Xiang Wei Kao De Bu Chuo! Na Yi Ge Er Gui Lai (Kelvin did pretty well. He got an A2!)!" I was estactic! I was overjoyed! I was extremely happy! I clapped loudly and yayed (which, according to WQ, said he can hear me in the next door!)! From the rest of the moment onwards, I wore a huge grin on my face! There were few others who got the prestigous A (Jesmine, Mun Peng, ChinChuan). Finally, when it came to Wendy's name. Mr Zhang asked her, "What marks do you wish to get?" She said, "As long as I got a B3, I am happy le". Zhang replied with a smile, "Well...you got better than a 3, (to which everybody clapped and she started crying out of joy!), but not better than a 1". Congrats to everyone who got an A!! Our hard work finally paid off! Wendy was crying out of happiness. We are so happy. Then, Hann, Manda and some 4/5ers came back. Hann and Amanda got As (1 and 2 respectively!)! We were so happy for each other! We kept jumping around, shaking each other's hands!   Then, we were told to enter 4/6...the sacred classroom! Ahh! The first time stepping in there, and knowing that you are gonna stay there forever.....the feeling's so great! I beamed at CQ and WQ and expressed my joys and happiness! They were preparing for oral. I kept grinning and beaming, like a stupid idiot. Hann too! I almost came close to tears. I can't believe I got A! At last! For my 4 years at Riverside, I never gotten an A in my chinese before...until now! And this is the Os some more! Ahh! Then, XC walked in! He got an A2 too! YaY! Then...Huang came in! She asked XC to read out the results. CQ got an A1 (we 'yes!' him) and so did Janet (we high-fived!)! Woo-hoo! Suprisingly, WQ and Gao Luan got B3. Not really that surprising for WQ...but definitely for Gao Luan. He's an A1 student. WQ looked dejected. Ah.....WQ! I believe you can do better for the next round! Keep improving! After that, all of us chatted there.  After that, we flew down to talk to Mr Du! Ahh! Hann was so happy he kept prancing around! :) Mr Du said a lot of encouraging words and gve us some useful advices. We went down to the board..got even happier when we saw our As..and went to the canteen to eat. WQ is gonna appeal, but I don't know leh. Hmm....me and Amanda talked a lot about our As and what happened in Zhang's class (what he did to Wendy). Later, Hann told us we were insensitive towards WQ. Opps! Our bad! Then, I accompanied the Band 3 to go up to look for Mala...I wanted to look for Hu.  I saw Hu Lau Shi and montioned her forwards! I told her joyfully that I finally got an A! And while shaking her hand, I was jumping up and down! She was very amused and congratulated me for a job well done! I took a picture with Hu (along with WQ)! I am gonna put this pic inside Hu's present this year! I keep thanking her for teaching me! Yeah! :) I wandered around while waiting for them to talk to Mala. I saw Bright....and told him I got an A! He was happy for me! :)...then I met Mrs Thong! I gleefully ran up to her and told her I got an A! She congratulated me again! :) I am like so crazy...telling everyone I got an A! HaHa! I got confidence for my orals le...I feel I can do it! Yeah! Go Kelvin!  Ehh....today nothing interesting happened in Maths remedial. Me and KS chatted...only doing 2 problems! HaHa! Then, Me, XC, Gloria and HuiLing went down to the canteen...where we met our oral friends! Found out that today's topic is quite difficult (Most boring event and scary experiences). O.o!! I hope tomorrow's topic is easy!   Hmm...today Dad's taxi did not start again! So maddening! I think it is throwing a tantrum before it's being scrapped! Ahh! I didn't get a chance to say goodbye to the taxi! Bye bye front passenger seat! I sit on you so many times! I amg onna miss my dear friend. Goodbye belt! Although you sometimes tangle yourself and annoyed me to death, I still miss you! Bye bye back passenger seats! Thanks for being so comfy and making a nice bed to lie on! Bye bye taxi! I miss you! And I got a part of you sticking to my cabinet door!   Ahh! That's about all! I think I am going off soon! Charmed's showing! Can't wait! Wee-hoo! Goodnight all! :)