         Heya! I just came back from watching "Singapore's Brainist Kid". What a cool show. So easy question. I definitely know the answer to "Which creature guards the wizard prison in Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban"!! It is....Dementors (smirks). Ha! Many easy questions too. I will definitely be tuning in next week!  Ahh! I played FFIX. And I realised I have been extremely short-changed. The FMVs are terribly short...like cut off halfway. I didn't even get to see Odin attacking Cleyra! How unfair. Wendy informed me that this is typical of pirated games and XC said that my disk is spoilt. Ahh! Oh. Update: I downloaded the FMV. The scene is spectacular! Well, I pity the Cleyra people.....the shrine and everything was destroyed... And I only rescued 4 Cleyra cats! The two Burmecians kids and 2 oracles. Ahh! I believe we are going to Alexandaria next. Yeah.   Today, Hann brought a tape recorder, which they used to record their own voices. Some people needs more practice (when I mean more, I mean REALLY REALLY MORE), while others can keep up the good work (Well done!). Hmm....I don't know about you, but they keep using "Our EL is much worse than yours". This is a totally  PATHETIC  excuse. Spinless, useless. Like I got more marks than them in the Oral. Must be Mala's influence. Hann told me yesterday (or was it today?) not to come too close, or once Mala sees me getting too near, they would be in big trouble (She glared at me last time, when I was hanging around them while they are practising oral! Hmp!). Why would she want to do that to her students? Stress her students up so much. Prevents contact with other bands. What is this? This is call "taking our friends away from us!"  AND. IT. IS. TERRIBLY. UNFAIR.  They make oral until like so stressful. Studying should be  FUN . We should not study for the sake of studying/getting good marks. Ergh! I am totally disgusted.  Ahh! I am so gonna miss the old taxi tomorrow. Must treat it extra well tomorrow. Yep! Dad told me that he has to get the car to the factory at 5.30am, for removal of essential items (the MDT, the cashcard machine) then drive over to the compact factory in Woodlands (just a short drive away from home...good. He can go home easily.). Ahh! He will be getting his new taxi next Thursday, 1pm. YaY! So excited. Dad also gave me one of the number plates in this taxi (SHA 9304P). I will be pasting it somewhere in my room! :)  This inspired me to tell you about funny incidents that happened during the taxi-rides. I shall narrate one today. You see ar, everytime I go off right, I would say "Bye PaPa". And my usual practise is to sleep during the car ride. So, last week, instead of saying "Bye PaPa" after waking up, I said "Goodnight Mummy". And started guaffaws between the girls. so embarrassing. Must be my sleepiness. :P   Ehh! Gotta go offline le! Wishing everyone the best for their orals tomorrow! Goodnight!