         Ahh! What an interesting experience! I just came back from honoring our dearly departed. No, there wasn't any sarcasm if you are wondering. I treat the whole thing quite seriously, because this is the time where the Yip family bond together, and ask for new hopes, dreams and wishes to be fulfiled. I thought of adding Wicca elements into the thing (mainly, asking our ancestors to join in), but my mom told me it is for every ghosts in this planet (Actually, this 7-Month Festival is a Chinese version of Halloween! Wee! I get to celebrate the same festival twice!), so I abandoned my plan and just blessed the incense for luck, prosperity and success. Well, what we did downstairs was light some candles and incense, threw food around (for the hungry ghosts...this isn't called the Hungry Ghost Festival for nothing!) and burned the blessed incense papers. I had fun, actually. Now here I am, whole body smelling of ash. HaHa! This iis a great spiritual experience, for it allows me to mix Taoism (or rather, Buddhism...or a mixture of both) with Wiican elements. I had fun doing it. And now I already have a plan to celebrate Halloween (Samhian, pronounced as sow-en). :)  Today, I received news that the conversation topic is very easy. It is on hobbies! Awww! Oh well......I hope I can have another easy topic.  Ah! Today, during recess, a very interesting thing happened. A chicken drumstick was dropped on the table by someone, and he refuse to eat it. Woah! Me and Hann scolded him for blatant wastage of food. The chicken gives it life (or rahter, leg) to fill our stomach. Now, its purpose is not fulfiled. It gave its life away for nothing. And come on lor, the table is clean. He is indirectly insulting our cleaning staff for not doing a good job! Amanda joined in later, bringing up the part about straving children in Third-World countries. Woah! You know what he did?! In a fit of anger, he threw the druimstick onto my plate. Wnhy am I making such a fuss? One, because it is rude. Two, because it is a vegetarian plate he threw into! He contaminated the vegetarian plate...poor vegetarians who is gonna eat out of the contaminated plate. Involuntarily ate something (or the oil of) which they adhor. It doesn't really matter if the plate is from another store. It is just plain rude that he threw it into a vegetarian plate. I must make this known that this is an incosiderate action. Please don't do that in the future. And eat any dropped chicken drumstick. It won't kill you. The table does not carry AIDS virus.  Oh yes! I ordered photos from SL. :)...looks like I gotta spend more money ordering photos! HaHa! I am ordering any phtos which shows my face....okay, the one which I posed in. Sigh...no money....Father not working for a week, don't know how to get pocket money. So, it is back to daily mashed potatoes and 50cents drinks for me. Only. For the entire day. Sigh.I hope the new taxi (WQ ar! Hear it properly. NEW taxi! NEW NEW NEW!) comes sooner! Oh weel. Dad's staying home for a week starting this Thursday. At least he can give Mom some company. HaHa!   Ahh! My FFIX....I reached Cleyra....blah blah blah....saw the evil clowns extracting Endiolions from Garnet....defeated the Antlion, which is very tyco, because every one of my party members died except for Freya (she jumped), then killed the monster. HaHa!  Ahh...waiting for CQ's call, so we can do History homework together. Ahh...that's all, I think. Goodnight!