yoz! Sorry I forgot to update yesterday....Can't really do so too coz of the major headache I've got...haiz. It always happens when I study too much... But well, I dun mind the headache coz I think it was worth it! Yeah! The biology paper was kinda ez today.. WAIT ! I can't say that coz everytime I do, I wan score for that particular paper... :P I'm jinx man......... Anyhow, I'm really in a good mood today cox of bio...haha! Never thot this day would come. Went for lunch for yi chun , Janet and Wendy jux now, oh yah, we saw wen qiang, kel and chin quan too... HI GUYS ! Weird huh ? Its like we're all classmates lor and we're eatin the same stuff but still we chose to sit apart from each other.... Girls one group and guys the other... Weird sia!   back to lunch, pas we were having lunch, Wendy made a comment saying about the exams ending soon, i thot she would like jump at that thot but she didn't....She actually felt sad about it. i thot otherwise at that moment but now, i can feel wad she feels.   its like, wow, we're gonna finish our exams the next week and i dun think we'll be seeing each other as much as we do now and i think I'm gonna miss everyone, even the ones i dun tok to...Its like, I'm already to seeing this faces around me and the thot that i wun be seeing the same faces anymore pretty soon got me both excited and scared. Excited coz i know I've moved on, to meet new people and go new places but I'm also scared coz I'd be all alone.........i wun have my friends to turn to for assurance and courage. I'm gonna have to face all this new stuff myself....The future seems so near yet so far.....Its kinda like having to venture into the Amazon forest alone and finding your own way out again...i welcome the challenge but I'm afraid along the way i might lose myself and my friends...The people who grew up with me this 4 years...i guess one will never know to appreciate until they've lost it, thank God I'm not one of them....  even now, i can still remember the first time i stepped into school as a newbie... lolx i look so standoffish! Man! Like a huge contrast to now,i mean i still look like that when i dun smile lah, but at least now, I'm more sure of myself and I'm like a lot friendlier lor! Dun you guys agree??? lolx :D can still remember the competition between the classes back in lower sec....The cheering competitions, robotics, class presentations and the syf competitions...haiz...All the memories, i believe I'm gonna remember even 10 years down the road! They're jux too good to forget, especially the people i met along the way, good or bad, all made an impact and taught me a lesson. More importantly, are the friends that I've made along the way....I've grown up because of them. I've grown happier and stronger because of them too...  for some reason, i can't help imagining seeing them 10 years later, at a class gathering.........Wad would they have become? Would they still remember me? or each other, how would they have changed?  really, i jux can't help but imagine......................