         Hey Hey! It's a Sunday! A weekend! That's so hard to come by.   Today woke up at 8.15. Bathed for 30 freaking minutes...that's what I usually do on weekend mornings. I take long slow baths. Nice one. Actually, I spend most of my time thinking.  Watched Digimon, then Yu-Gi-Oh, then Beyblade and then Jackie Chan Adventures. After that, surfed the net for more FF info. I upgraded my website to tables form. Congrats to moi! Now, working on the colour scheme. Ahh! Even the colour scheme meowed.   After eating lunch, went to play FFIX. I goy my first Chocograph and my first treasure chest. Ahh! Good job ar, KY! I beat the Gizamuluke dragon. Finally! I moved on Burmecia, where I am effectively lost. Sigh! I hate fightinf the lizards thingy. They keep gradually petrifying me! I hope to learn Jelly soon for all my characters! Oh. That will prevent petrify/gradual petrify! That will! Ahh!  Hmm...after that went to Wendy's to do Physics TYS. Well, let's just say we did nothing. Yeah! HaHa! I go there to look at her brothers playing FFIX and Wendy scanning photos. I must tell you one incident. You see ar, at Friday, when riding the MRT to Jurong East, Hann took a photo of XL sleeping. And all of them said that the soul will be captured in the camera. YH commented "Sekali at night the camera will go 'oooh ooh' (sound XL makes..according to Hann)". I was thinking about it at Wendy's house, and I suddenly laughed. And laughed and laughed. I laughed till I cried. I am freaking out! LOL! Hann has that effect on people! HaHa! After that, went to 888 to eat dinner with Wendy. Chatted with her and her mother about MT results. So nervous and exciting. I think I can do well, but there is this side of me that fears that I have to retake the MT Os. And the most freaking thing is that the "fear" always win the "hope". I am so scared. I am scaring myself. KY, Stop it ar!  Ahh! I can't believe I forgot to tell you that Miss Choo gave the seniors a card with a personalized message on it. I type out for you ar. "Dear Kelvin, Thank u for being part of the daily blessings in life. A consistent and committed student, who has developed and grown not only musically, but also as a young adult. Your batch and you will be greatly missed. All the best to you! From: Miss Choo" Ahh! So nice to read, and touching too! Thanks Miss Choo! Hope you will continuing having a blessed life! :)  I think I end here le...see ya blog! Goodnight!