         HaHa! FFIX update first. I went into Gizamaluke Grotto and got to the part where I have to fight the crazy Gizamaluke, a big big big dragon. And I lost terribly. Ahh! I hate losing! I must win that giant dragon cat! And get Ice Staff from him. And I read from the guide I am completing Disc 1 soon, after I fought Beatrix. O.o!!  Okay...today's National Day celebration was okay. We all grouped together during singing of the songs...haha! At the end, we even ran around the parade square! So fun! HaHa! The class performaces wasn't so bad...some bored me, some didn't. By the time it ended, my legs were terribly numb. And we didn't win the Photo Essay competition. Ahh.....that's okay. Hmm...We tried our best (okay...Amanda did!). We are proud of her.  After that, we recieved news that there was no E-Maths lesson! Whoppeee! We took a lot a lot of photos! Posed a lot of wacky pose! HaHa! Have to spend a lot of money liao, to get the copies of the photos. HaHa! After that, set off with YiChun, Clar, SuPing, Xue Lin, Amanda, Wendy and Hann towards IMM for a whole afternoon of shopping!  While waiting for the IMM bus to fetch us, they started reminsing about the Penang trip they took. Yit Hann was telling (or rather, complaining) about his horrid experience there. He was sleeping, and he was annoyed everybody did not look hard enough for him. Clar told us something about WQ! Arr WQ arh! Never knew he's so  hot  with the girls (smirks)! Finally, the yellow bus arrived and we squeezed into it. Me and YiChun turned out to be one of the last to get on bus, after giving way to many people (especially old folks). Bus journey took quite long, as we have to stop a many many traffic lights. We arrived there about 10+ minutes later.  We went inside, and after walking a few steps, we saw a totally cool car! It was a F1 racing car! And driven by Micheal Schumacher some more (and powered by Helix Shell). There was his driver's suit hanging there too. Ahh! WQ missed out! Don't go some more! Then, we decided to shop at (name to be edited later), where everything sells for $2. Yeah! Everything! But alas! I had no money...after paying Wendy the $2.50 I owed her, and I still have to eat lunch. I was eyeing some owl statues (representing Athena). Shopped there for about an hour, where SuPing and Hann brought things. Then, hunger overtook us and we went to eat.  We ate a lot of stuff. I ate yong tau fu, Hann and Amanda ate lasksa, YiChun ate curry chicken , Wendy ate Western crusine, SuPing ate some herbal rice and soup, XueLin ate some Ipoh noodles and Clar ate (Ipoh hor fun. I was eyeing Chun's, Manda' and Hann's laksa/curry! I want to eat laksa (I drank some of Chun's curry whenh she went out! You are so bad ar, KY!)! Long time never eat le! So jealous! Later, Chun and Manda ate apple pies.  After that, we went back to the $2 shop again. This time, we played with the toys there! HaHa! So funny! We played with guns, masks and toys! The children side in all of us! Ahh! I love the tiara the best! So fun that one! I have been longing to wear a tiara! Yeah yeah. I know I am freaky! :P  After shopping there, we went into some bookstore. Woah! They have quite a number of New Age books and evena  whole section full of tarot decks! Ahh! Stayed there for so long, they even asked Wendy to ask me out. HaHa! She knew where to find me (in the New Age section) and even spent time there looking at the books and decks too! We left there quite happily and a bit unwillingly.   All of us decided to rest at tthe "stage" before going home. The stage has a ramp, great for walking catwlalk. I catwalked around a lot of times (at one point, a couple was laughing at me. Or so Hann informed me! Ha!). so fun to catwalk. Manda joined me at one point. HaHa! She wanted to take photos of me, but was afraid she can't, becuase it is a shopping centre and all that privacy stuff. sigh! Great opportunity wasted! Oh no! I am starting to sound like Hann, with the the celebrity thingy! HaHa! Decided to go back at 3.50+ (Hann sang the "Zha!" on the way down. I hope nobody knows which school we are from! HaHa!).  One ironic thing was that the message on the bus that takes us back to the Jurong West MRT station. It has a message saying "Hop on this bus for a fun-filed experience", to which Wendy and I said "Yeah right!". Going home is not exacty fun-filled. Ha! How inapporiately named.   On the MRT back home, Hanm slept while I am engrossed in my Reader's Digest. While both of us were busy doing our own things, something interesting happened. Apparently, someone dare his friends to approach our girls and ask for their phone numbers (oh my!). Their laughs and saying Hann's names attracted our attention. It turned out that they wanted to give Hann's number to the person, if he ever did ask. HaHa! Hann then said loudly his handphone number! HaHa! So meowingly funny.  Reached back home at 5+. Took a bath, watched Sabrina, ate dinner, went to Benjamin's house to fix his modem and came online. HaHa! Today was a fun day!   Gotta go le! Goodnight all! And Happy pre-National Day.