         Okay! First thing first! FFIX Updates. I went to Qu's Marsh and got Quina to join my party. Yeah! She's kinda like useless lor.....only can Eat the enemies when they are weak. And by the time they are weak, they will be killed off by ViVi, Zidane or Freya. Now, I am outside the something Grutto. Must pass that to get to Burmuceia. Yeah. I like ViVi the most! Magic users appeal to me best! Heh! I think I am putting a page for FFIX in my website, which is soon gonna be built.  I can't believe I forgot to mention a very important news. My father won the appeal! YaY! I am so happy! He's getting a new taxi! Whoppee! No more monthly breakdowns (This month's breakdown happened on the 2nd)! New taxi and everything! I am so gonna miss my regular seat (the front passenger seat). Hmm! Ahh! I hope they will have a working radio! The radio spoilt ages ago! Finally can listen to music in the car! And of course, this means that we won't be facing a finanacial difficulty soon. :) And that also means that my father will be home for a week, because we have to wait a week to get his new car! Tell you hor....every morning I wait for my father downstairs right? Well, this morning, a Citycab taxi drove down and parked next to me. I was like very puzzled and ignored the taxi. Then, the taxi-driver opened the door! It was Pa! How come I didn't recongise? Because the sign-board has been removed! I thought it was another taxi! HaHa! Come to think of it, it was embarrassing! My mother laughed! HaHa! She saw everything!  Hm...what to say today? Oh yeah! I got 16 for my Bio test! YaY! I am the highest (along with one other mystery person!! I wonder who!)! Hann says that I have reached my peak and dropping soon. Let me declare again! I  DO NOT  believe in this stupid curve whatsoever! I am not dropping! I shall not drop! Ha!   Oh yes! Me, CQ and Wendy are gonna sing along with the choir! And we may end up being the only seniors there! HaHa! Well! Low invited us, and hey! This is our last chance performing! We want to enjoy ourselves! Besdies, for 3 years, we perform wih the choir every National Day. This year, if we are not perorming along, we would feel very uncomfortable. HaHa! Looking at the choir sing when we are not singing....very weird lor!  Today, after tutition, I am in an extra-jovial mood! I think it would be because I learnt loads at tutition today. Besdies mastering the concepts of straight line graphs, I also understoood what magnetic induction is, thanks to my tutor! He majored in Physics in his University...haha! Wendy said I am too perky for my own good today. She also said that sometimes I am happy because to keep other people happy. Ha...I don't know that. When I am feeling sad or angry, I will show one lor. Even if it means irritating Hann and CQ to death. Ha!   I think I log off le. See ya tomorrow! Bye bye!