         Ah! I tried printing this blog, and you know what? I never wasted more paper in my whole life! My 38 entries is much thicker than Wendy's 50+ entries combined....and her entries are LONG too. I felt so disgraceful! So ashamed of myself! I could have used a smaller font. I should have. But never mind. There's still time to "repair" my damage! I shall, starting from July's entries, print in a smaller font. Yes! Here comes tree-saving Kelvin!  Hmm...I didn't get the highest this time in Chem. Hann and CQ broke my record. How miraculous. I think determination made them won. But of course, I left out a simple question that I know how to do. That made me lose my 1st place position. This is the most yue wang mistakes of all yue wang mistakes. Doing and getting it wrong because you don't know is much better than not doing and getting it wrong not because you don't know, but you overlook the question! However, I am glad because I got FULL marks in the Fermentation question. Yes yes. I know. Self-pitying is so pathetic. I also said I would gladly lose to CQ, Hann, Janet or Wendy! And I shall take up my word! Why! I am so happy for both of them! Congrats (Are you being fake? I dunnoe this time!)! I think I need time to cool down. What's the big deal right? Just a test only ma.....  Sigh! Hm...today there was no remedial whatsoever, so we stayed back to chat...then went to Causeway Point. A most embarrassing incident happened! As we (Me, CQ, XC, Janet, SL) came out of Popular, we saw a most disturbing image! Few police officers were leading a handcuffed boy in front of them. What is so disturbing and embarrassing? Because! Because the boy is wearing a Riverside uniform! Yes!! How disgraceful! A lower sec Indian boy. We, being ever so inquisitive, trailed the group to the front of Chamelon shop (selling beauty products!). The police took picutres there! Ahh! We infered that the boy stole something from Chamelon, probably for his girlfriend, and got arrested! Such a dishonorable act! Disgrace to Riverside! And we were disgraced along with him too! By a couple! Yes!! We went down the escalators. A couple was discussing the acts of the stupid critter, suddenly saw us and pointed at us (in my direction some more!) and said, "Isn't that boy from their school? This is how they taught them?". All of us heard it and were very embarassed! We were dragged into this mess along! Stupid boy! Steal steal steal! See la! All your fault!   Okay...I think I end here liao (YaY! I got into Lindbum! After defeating all 3 idiotic Black Waltzs, which I was nearly killed by the second one! Ergh!). See ya tomorrow!