         Today was eventful. Yep it was.   I had a very weird dream last night. It was about my mother. She was gonna die the next day, so for that whole day, we spent time together as a whole family, enjoying each other's company while it lasted. It was touching, if you can ignore the death part. Yeah. I woke up when Mother was about to go to sleep. Anyway, Wendy checked out my dream interpretation in her dream book. It turned out my dream means that me and my property is in danger. Hmm..   In the morning, did the usual cartoons-watching. Then, at 11, Mother asked me to fold those incense paper to be burnt on 11th August. I love folding those things! So fun. Folding incense paper reminds me of the incident at my godfather's funeral. On Wednesday night, the whole family went there to pay our respect. We soon settled down round a table, joining my grandmother (maternal side) and my aunt. They were folding those incense, so we just took some and folded along with them. Then, my aunt commented that my way of folding and how the paper turned out looked like my mother's. Gradmom agreed too. This is like such a weird comment. I still remembered it. Anyway, we folded and folded. We noticed that the number of paper provided seem to have decreased, compared to past years. Mother became disgusted and said that the production people are slacking. HaHa! After that went online and then ate lunch (chee cheong fun).   After that, Mother and I went to the library to collect my reserved book (Book of Shadows: The Unofficial Guide To Charmed)! I waited so long for that book! Anyway, I was thinking of finding Wendy's mom there (who work as a cleaner in the library). After I collected my book, I went around looking for her. It's so hard to find her! So many cats, and such a large space! At the first floor, I spotted a cleaner collecting rubbish, so I followed her, hoping she would lead me to Wendy's mom. Yes! I am serious! I really did it! But she went into the "Staff" room....so I thought Wendy's mom could have been inside the Staff room after all. I abandoned my search and went back to my mother. HaHa! Wendy saw me following the cleaner (she thought I was going to the toilet, since the Staff room is near the toilet! HaHa!). She was doing homework with WanXin and LeYu in the cafe. Later, I told Wendy what really happened, and she laughed. She said I am crazy! Don't you guys think so too? HaHa!   After that, came back and surfed the Internet till 5+. Then, I played FFIX. YaY! I finally got out of Ice Cavern! YaY! After that, went into the Dali Village and saved the game. Ate dinner, bathed and then studied Bio. Here I am now, writing in my blog. I might print this out...hmm!   Today not putting any lyrics. HaHa! Too lazy too. Maybe you will see one tomorrow? Depends on my mood la! Ha! Goodnight!