         Heya! I finished homework le! Okay, not really. I have Physics TYS (but that's due 3 weeks later...so can take time) and A-Maths worksheet (don't plan on starting anytime soon!). Oh well. Homework completed.  AHHH!! QI SHI WO! I cancelled the file transfer in Kazaa! That Charmed video file! 400+MB you know!!!  I been downloading it last week! I thought can complete by this weekend one you know! But! But!!! My stupid fingers pressed "Cancel Download" instead of "Find More Sources"! I hate myself! I hate SLOW Kazaa Users, who made me press wrong button! I hate it!!! AHH! I lost all my mood of downloading le. PAH! Whatever la!!  Hmm! Today, at Wendy's house, Lassie was being bathed. And later she went into a very bad mood, which I was being ignored. Hmp! After doing homework (okay, and also while doing History homework), I watched Wendy and her brother playing FFIX. HaHa! So fun to watch. Wendy tried to teach me the card game. I don't really know how to play lor...but I can grasp the simple idea. Yeah. HaHa! And I let Lassie licked me all over my leg. So ticklish! I enjoyed it very much, even though it's a bit disgusting.   Oh yes! I can't believe I forgot to mention yesterday. Clarissa told us yerterday that Mrs Jalil was a policewoman before being a teacher! Coolies! No wonder she is so disciplined and strict. HaHa! I would like to see her in her police uniform. That would be cool! I wonder which district did she serve.....Hmm...  Ayiah! I still can't grasp the Lady Marmalade song yet! Must learn it hard!!   Hmm...for today's lyrics of the day, I shall have one of my old-time favourite song. I listened to it today in Wendy's house. Here it is:    Lucky - Britney Spears   This is a story about a girl named Lucky…   Early morning, she wakes up Knock, knock, knock on the door It's time for makeup, perfect smile It's you they're all waiting for They go… "Isn't she lovely, this Hollywood girl?" And they say…  [CHORUS:] She's so lucky, she's a star But she cry, cry, cries in her lonely heart, thinking If there's nothing missing in my life Then why do these tears come at night  Lost in an image, in a dream But there's no one there to wake her up And the world is spinning, and she keeps on winning But tell me what happens when it stops? They go… "Isn't she lovely, this Hollywood girl?" And they say…  [Repeat CHORUS]  "Best actress, and the winner is…Lucky!" "I'm Roger Johnson for Pop News standing outside the arena waiting for Lucky" "Oh my god…here she comes!"  Isn't she lucky, this Hollywood girl? She is so lucky, but why does she cry? If there's nothing missing in her life Why do tears come at night?     Cool right! I like Britney's songs! HaHa! That's all for today! Goodnight folks!