         Oh look! I went to the Meet-The-People Session, where ordinary residents get to meet MPs and pour out their grievences. Yeah, it's regarding my father's case.   Ayioh! A word of advice. Be there EARLY. Yes! We got number 32. I tell you ar! It's a tortuous wait of 2 hours, where we watch numbers 1-31 file past us. There is the waiting room 1, where everyone waits. Then, we proceed on to waiting room 2, where some cats will key in your info. Then, you go on to waiting room 3, where you wait to see the next available MP. I was shivering in there....so cold! And it is in Block 730, inside a PAP kindergarten (it figures. PAP MPs meet us in PAP school).   The MP was kinda nice la. He said he would help us write the letter, which is good. Hmm....and he got a cup of hot, steaming Milo in front of him. Makes me so thirsty. We left at about 9.10+.   Hmm...today afternoon was spent doing homework at the 768 MacDonalds with Wendy, SuPing, Clarissa, Amanda and Yi Chun. Completed EL Compre (yay!) and completed 1/4 of the SS homework. So, got another 3/4 SS source-based and an History SEQ to go (and Physics, if I want to do, that is). So, tomorrow doing at Wendy's again. Yeah. HaHa! Speaking of Wendy's, her mother keep encouraging me to take Lassie back home. Wendy said her mother's only joking la, her mom won't bear to part with Lassie. But her mother wishes Wendy to take care of Lassie more lor (Have you bathed Lassie yet ar, Wendy?). HaHa! I wouldn't mind taking Lassie back home, but Wendy will, and so will my mom. If Wendy ever lets Lassie breed with another Shetlet, I want the puppy! Wee!   These days, I keep singing Lady Marmalade ( Strutting her stuff in the streets  ! ). Sang it with Siva during EL lessons. Sang it while waiting for MP. Sang it everywhere. HaHa! Dunnoe why leh...find that song very catchy. Ahh!   Ahh..now for the song of the day. This one I like very much. The tune is very catchy. Yep! There you go! I shall present:     My Only Wish This Year - Britney Spears    Last night I took a walk in the snow.  Couples holding hands, places to go  Seems like everyone but me is in love.   Santa can you hear me  I signed my letter that I sealed with a kiss  I sent it off  It just said this  I know exactly what I want this year.  Santa can you hear me.  I want my baby (baby, yeah)  I want someone to love me someone to hold me.  Maybe (maybe, maybe maybe.) he'll be all I hope in a big red bow   Santa can you hear me?  I have been so good this year and all I want is one thing  Tell me my true love is here  He's all I want, just for me underneath my christmas tree  I'll be waiting here.  Santa thats my only wish this year.  oohhh ohh yeah  Christmas Eve I just can't sleep  Would I be wrong for taking a peek?  Cause I heard that your coming to town   Santa can you hear me? (yea yeah)  Really hope that your on your way  With something special for me in your sleigh  Ohh please make my wish come true  Santa can you hear me  I want my baby (baby)  I want someone to love me someone to hold me  Maybe (maybe maybe) theyll be all the love under the mistletoe   Santa can you hear me  I have been so good this year  And all I want is one thing  Tell me my true love is here  He's all I wabt just for me  Underneath my christmas tree  I'll be waiting here santa thats my only wish this year  I hope my letter reaches you in time  Bring me love can call all mine  (yeah yeah) cause I have been so good this year.   Can't be long under the mistletoe  He's all want and a big red bow  Santa can you hear me (hear me?)  I have been so good this year  And all i want is one thing  Tell me my true love is near  He's all I want. just for me  Underneath my christmas tree  I'll be waiting here (ohh yeah) santa thats my only wish this year  Oh santa can u hear me? oh santa  Well hes all I want just for me underneath my Christmas tree  Oh I'll be waiting here  Santa thats my only wish this year    Ahh! You should download (or rather, buy the CD) to hear it! Yeah! Goodnight all!