Lmao...this THE rallying cry song of my life from now on...thank god for the osbourne...KELLY? WTF! give me ozzy! ad U.P.O. WHO THE FUCK ARE THEY? lmao......well ehre you go  and meily i will not get over you, even if your parents don't allow you to date, i'll be by your side, i'll be the one for you,this i promise you.  Kelly Osbourne  Shut Up   You say, I should do it differently. I don't, Necessarily agree.  Stand up! Sit down!  Be nice! Did ya hear me ask for your advice?  Don't bother, Trying to tell me your beliefs. Don't want to,  Know which way it's good to be. Do this!  Do that! On track! Do me a favor and don't talk back!  Round and round, But the conversation always ends where it began. Round and round,  And I need a vacation. My god,  I've had it from you!  Shut up!  Don't want to hear your voice. Shut up!  I'm sick of all the noise. There's nothing you can say to me,  So get away from me. Shut up!  Blah Blah, Blah Blah, Blah Blah, Blah Blah.   That's what, It sounds like you said to me. You nag and you brag and I gag, There's so much beauty in what we have.  You must, Have better things that you can do. Or just, Love all around me too. What you want,  What I need.  Oh please! I think you get off, On hearing yourself speak.  Round and round,  But the conversation always ends where it began. Round and round,  And I need a vacation. My god, I've had it from you!  Shut up!  Don't want to hear your voice. Shut up!  I'm sick of all the noise. There's nothing you can say to me,  So get away from me. Shut up!  Don't want to be polite. It's messed up,  How you always think you're right. There's nothing you can say, That's gonna change the way I am. Shut up!   Round and round,  But the conversation always ends where it began. Round and round, And I need a vacation. My god,  I've had it from you!  Shut up!  Don't want to hear your voice. Shut up!  I'm sick of all the noise. There's nothing you can say to me,  So get away from me. Shut up!   Don't want to be polite. It's messed up,  How you always think you're right. There's nothing you can say, That's gonna change the way I am. Shut up! ________ Shut up where are you going? Don't you know I'm talking to you? I said sit down, pay attention All right then, go to your room  Hey now, don't you listen? How many times have I got to tell you? You know I could have been something If I didn't have you  You should of, you should of  Shut up, get out of my way And get out of here Shut up, get out of my way And get out of here  Get up, can't you do anything? Don't you know you'll be late for school? Come on, gather your things now Try not to make me look like a fool Hurry, I'm tired of waiting Just wait till your father gets home  You should of, you should of  Shut up, get out of my way and get out of here Shut up, get out of my way, you don't know nothing at all Shut up, get out of my way and get out of here Shut up, shut up, get out of my way and get out of here  All you do is slow me down  Shut up, get out of my way and get out of here Shut up, get out of my way, you don't know nothing at all Shut up, get out of my way and get out of here Shut up, shut up, get out of my way and get out of here