back! got home at 11:30:22  tonight, i'm gonna start by saying " it's good to have no attention, nothing is expected of you   Next i'll apologize to Meily....i did not call her today (i emailed)  Here's the whole reason why we went to orlando and i did call.... my parents are looking for houses.   In the end we bought some room at a Wyndham Resort it's gonna cost us over 13 grand or so but we can exhange the home one in orlando for anyone in the world because orlando's a hot spot, and it's great...it's 2 miles off of walt disney World and shit....so we were there till about 12 then to Sea world till 7, got on the bus FROM sea world and busted home....  So Meily, i read what you wrote and i really hope it's not written towards me. I love you princess. And Again we have to talk, not paranoia, this time it's just me having 50 year old memory lane moments  Anywho got to da place at about 9 in da mornin, checked in to Disney's Contemporary Resort and ate breakfast, this is why i want my kids to go to a disney resort, there, the breakfast, disney characters showed up and we had some blonde haired, blue eyed british 7 year old chick in fron of us going "LOOK MOMMY IT'S MINNIE! CAN I TAKE A PICTURE,PLEEEEEEAAAAAAASSSSSEEEEE" that's what i love, personally i think Magic kingdom isn't that great, i rather Epcot ( aahhh shut up!)...but for the little kids it's heaven on earth.  Thanks to me listening to Meily, i went on space mountain....that ride is  THE SHIT   Bye i gotta get gone, talk to you all tomorrow, i'm not burned but one more day and i'd be toasted, my neck stings, to a very minor degree but i'm cool... another thing, at Islands of Adventure on the first day at aoround 10, two little kids, no mroe than 6, see me as i'm about to get on the ride (that thing where Meily and her friends forced me to go, Dudley's some crap...you get soaked...no idea yet huh?, it like drops you)  kid number 1 :" L0ok mommy it's my new friend (staring at me) mother: huh? kid number 2: (to me) HI! YOUR COOL! kids as ride is leaving the gate:  Manchester....UNITED!  i was wearing the jersey, dude, that was the coolest thing since being able to piss in your own toilet (thyey had the blue jerseys on) of course my father ruined the moment by going ARSENAL AND MADRID!...stupid cunt headed shit fuck  So on Day One we went to Universal and from 9-10:30 islands ( went on four rides, no lines) Day Two: "Tire Kingdom" (my father's name for Magic Kingdom) till 7, then Epcot, then back to magic kingdom to see fireworks,  Day three: Buying the resort, condom (condo), thingy and then Sea World (still the coolest shiot in orland'oh!) even if we missed the 9 o' clock show(which Owns0rz j0o!)   On the bus, OMG, i hugged my meily pillow so tight, and i started crying but i had a jacket on so no one saw (cept the meily pillow)...and at Islands...i wanted her there so bad, i almost sat down crying, i've become very vulnerable lately, and that lsot post of hers hurts if it's what i think it's about, but that's ok, i wanted ehr there, to see the familes, how their so together, so close... and at disney i wanted brandy and Meily there, they woulda acted like the 7 year olds, i'm not gonna talk about the depressing moments...if i had gone with a brick wal on my back it would have been better than my parents, you have NO IDEA how bad things are at home for me, i felt like fucking leaving them and going in the parks by myself, they hurt me a lot, they proved a lot of things, anyways i'm going to go to sleep, and BTW, love you baby sis and angel (meily)