she's back, i am the most excited happy and damn flying on cloud nine i have been in years, i love brandy!!!! not that way. Jesus, my loneliness will go bye bye. i told odie i have a feeling something good's gon' happen, and brandy came home called me at 1:29 and we talked for 29 mins. and 56 secs.!  **hugs brandy and won't let her go**    i'd like to say that without her i wouldn't be here, also i opened up to odie a lil about how sh hurt me, but w.e. i'm in a great mo0d........there's only one brandy martinez! ok cuba just got taken off the hate list. lol. I got so0 muhc to tell her and so little time! let's go!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i got to do my business with her! talk non-stop!...wait i'm inspired!     They get up every morning from their long clock's warning Take the eight fifteen into the city There's a whistle up above and people push and people shoving and the girl's who try to look pretty and if your train's on time you can get to work by nine and start to sleep and talk to get your pay If you ever get annoyed look at me I'm self-employed I love to work at nothing all day  and I've been (( taking care of business )) every day{ I've been (( taking care of business )), it's all mine (( Taking care of business )), and working overtime, workout    There's work easy as fishing, you can be a musician If you could make sounds loud or mellow Get a second hand guitar and chances are you go far If you get in with the right bunch of fellows People see you having fun just a-lying in the sun and tell them that you like it this way It's the work that we avoid and we're all self-employed We love to work at nothing all day  and we've been (( taking care of business )) every day (( Taking care of business )) every way We've been (( taking care of business )), it's all mine (( Taking care of business )), and working overtime ..........Funkay!   Woo! Alright! Ow! Ya....   Take good care of my business when I'm away every day, woo! ( Ha ha! Ya! )   They get up every morning from their long clocks' warning Take the eight fifteen into the city There's a whistle up above and people push and people shoving and the girls who're trying to look pretty and if your train's on time you can get to work by nine and start to sleep and talk to get your pay If you ever get annoyed look at me I'm self-employed I love to work at nothing all day  and I've been taking care of business every day Taking care of business every way I've been taking care of business, it's all mine Taking care of business, and working overtime, ooh ya...  { drums only } (( Taking care of business )) Woo! (( Taking care of business )) (( Taking care of business )) Ya! { 3 part } (( Taking care of business )) (( Taking care of business )) every day { guitar } (( Taking care of business )) every way (( Taking care of business )), it's all mine (( Taking care of business )), and working overtime...woo! (( Taking care of business )) { band } (( Taking care of business )) We've been (( taking care of business )) We've been (( taking care of business )), woo!  (( Taking care of business )) every day (( Taking care of business ))...woo! (( Taking care of business ))