alright i've puked so much today i feel sick, carmen jsut went all mush wushy including the ever lating "Franco: you annoying twerp!!! my little brother! though we had a strange beginning, kinda rough too ... u kinda grew on me... and when i say i heart u as my little brother , believe it !!! You've become part of my life. And i know im a bitch, please know i dont mean it! its just my fucked up personality"  At this time last year i was really happy after being in Hell. I was about to  see brandy EVERY day of the year and still treat her like a bitch, despite the fact she was sweet to me. At this time last year i knew 4 (4 people from doral, Melisa, Soraya, Itzame (wazzaaaaaaaa), and Macarena. Well no, know i was in a beach, with sofia (sexah!), Laura (nerdah!)  from doral. I saw one sentence to both of them to sofia " do you liek have to flirt with every guy here!?" to laura after she had told me to omve my fatass: Waht the hell is wrong with you, bitch. yep fond memories  (edit)I just figured something out....i've been dying to meet the right girl, you knwo what i really ened though? i need hang out friends..i need some of those let's go to the movies and throw popcorn at people friends.....i need let's go to the fair and poke each other friends...i need a brandy at Cp.... i need to find someone like her whom i can trust about anything, because unless God serves me some sort of miracle, then...i'm not gonna have brandy around much longer....maybe a year or two, and i'm really carrying emotional baggage, so many times i've wanted to open up to ehr carmen or sofy, and haen't been able to so many times i've wanted to cry but i wouldn't let myself, i need someone, who can listen and help, and those poeple are called friends....  At thsi time last year, i was in comeplete love, slowly preparing for the bombshell explosion that would occur, my best friends were Franco (cervera)(no not some beer)soraya, Joanna, dear old unrusty Ps2, my computer, and Kazaa. I didn't have cell fone. I was hated by all at Ruben except brandy and Gary ( el gringonian!) I was replaying Highway to Hell by Ac/Dc and i was basically friendless, i was hapyp because fo Soraya, i had scars that hadn't gone away ( and many that never will)  I was a pathetic human, my knowledge extended only to HTML I was 110 percent into Dolphins/Canes ( now jsut 105, Manchester United) My idea of Family was Alonzo Mourning (traitor), Dan Marino (god), and a football.... My biggest concern was whether Fiedler was good enough to be a starting qb for the fins.  Well life flipped, brandy's now my life and joy, my one source of pride, we talk like idiots (still) and we're cool like that, and she's proven to understand, and i basically wouldn't be alive if not for ehr ( um thanks?)**huggy and kiss on forehead/cheek**  i have this stupid wife now, called sofia whom i love and adore, who has me constantly on the verge of a nervous breakdown, but hey what the hell, her smile brightens my day, and she's got an incredible personality which makes you awnna protect her from ANYthing that may ever hurt her. and she's still the most beautiful woman on thsi planet.  There's some other big sister of mine called Carmen. now i don't know much about her other than, she's nice, she's not cool around PMS time, she's sexah! (it's a sis thing apparently), she's a party person, and i have to look out for her. I'm gonna start believeing she loves her lil bro when we're at CP. Maybe. If she decides to hang wit da losah known as franco(h shit it's ugly)!. I loev her, she's fantastically funny, smart and crazy, and overall a perfect sis, including humiliating me as much as possible  There's my other big sis Kathy, whom is hilarious, cool and thanks to her web cam is confirmed to look gorgeous in a dress, has a little sister that's adorable, is really coool overall.  There's meily, an Ex who has a ton of charm and is quite funny, is extremely intelligent  and then there's my favorite person on earth, brandy....wait fuck man i already wrote about her  anyways, i think love is real and exists, it's a piece of shit mostly, but it'll pay off, someday, jsut not for me, and and..i was going somewheer with this..FUCKING COMMECIALS!....you gelling, like a fellon! well now that my mental "prowess (think marshmellows) has been derailed, let em go do my traditions, Fifa (2000-2003) Madden (1996-2003 LONG LIVE THE KING)   anyways top ten hate list of countries let's go! 10.France Sounds like Franco, and has arrogant people   9. Spain  Just for being the home of Real Madrid, and for being were the Traitor (becks) went to, and cause this will surely annoy carmen   8. Iraq  Our soldiers are dying over there for no reason, well ok, i hear the got great poppys over there, can't live without our Soon-To-Be Heroin!   7. Puerto Rico  for having a shitty name, people who think R's are L's (like my mother, but that's jsut on headsets) and for having serious dental issues   6. Canada  Ok, they have nice, sweet, great people. I used to live, there, kill that motion, made it legal for homosexual marriages, that automatically gets you on my hate list, and for having funky bacon.   5. Malaysia   Because they are the definition of dumbasses, their inhabitants smoke more than breathe, their women are shite, and the smell funny.   4. Mexico  Where to fucking start?!ok let's see, they call everything La Revancha...they have a stereotypes which has been furtherly degraded latins (borrachos come mierdas...that's the stereotype) are imbecolic in their arguments, are too involved with their film stars ( man Jenna Jameson would be royalty..oh wait porn...ok nevermond..), and their too religious   3.Brazil   Ok, they have teeth that only horses comapre with, their all black, they talk a spanish that would make any gringo look good (our pres. is not inc.) and their portugese is fucked up. The women are gorgeous and the men had the whole ugly forest fall on them, their arrogant asswipes, they believe they have a right to be loved and adored, their so passionaet about soccer, they can't argue correctly...for example... me to my friend : i believe real madrid are the best team in the world, even without their  brazilieros  their better than the  verde-amarelho  and she went into denial mode....and if you want to see what all brazilians hold as their God go look at Ronaldinho.....but i'm warning you it amy cause facial paralysis.   2.Cuba  well brandy,Odie,Meily, Kathy are sharpening their knives, but the honest truth is that any country who sees Celia cruz as a godess ( puerto rico borrowed her sadly enough), who destroys the town ( elian anyone!?) when law and justice previaled ( i wanted him to stay, but legally it was RIGHT) and who eat as much shit (like me) in gen. should be number 1 right?! nope despite the fact that only the cubans in miami despise Castro, that they think like the Beverly Hillbillies (the 60+ year old ones) that they smoke cigars thatmake me turn ten shades of green and purple, and that's just the smell that sticks to them. Their all  chusmas  if their over 40 and housewives. the positives, a beautiful country, ruined by poverty (fidel i'm looking at you, no not that way man back off) and the women are up to about 22 years old dead gorgeous ( odie in a dress is the exception-forever)   1. USA  Ladies and gnetlemen, i'mma say like 2 words: George Bush. New York....nuff said _________________________________________________________________ Top 10 Drinking Symptoms  SYMPTOM: Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, beer is unusually pale and clear. FAULT: Glass empty. ACTION: Find someone who will buy you another beer.   SYMPTOM: Drinking fails to give taste and satisfaction, and the front of your shirt is wet. FAULT: Mouth not open when drinking or glass applied to wrong part of face. ACTION: Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror. Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.   SYMPTOM: Feet cold and wet. FAULT: Glass being held at incorrect angle. ACTION: Turn glass other way up so that open end points toward ceiling.   SYMPTOM: Feet warm and wet. FAULT: Improper bladder control. ACTION: Go stand next to nearest dog. After a while complain to the owner about its lack of house training and demand a beer as compensation.   SYMPTOM: Floor blurred. FAULT: You are looking through bottom of empty glass. ACTION: Find someone who will buy you another beer.   SYMPTOM: Floor swaying. FAULT: Excessive air turbulence, perhaps due to air-hockey game in progress. ACTION: Insert broom handle down back of jacket.   SYMPTOM: Floor moving. FAULT: You are being carried out. ACTION: Find out if you are being taken to another bar. If not, complain loudly that you are being kidnapped.   SYMPTOM: Opposite wall covered with ceiling tiles and fluorescent light strip across it. FAULT: You have fallen over backward. ACTION: If your glass is full and no one is standing on your drinking arm, stay put. If not, get someone to help you get up; lash self to bar.   SYMPTOM: Everything has gone dim, mouth full of cigarette butts. FAULT: You have fallen forward. ACTION: See above.   SYMPTOM: Everything has gone dark. FAULT: The Bar is closing. ACTION: Panic.