it's apparently the let's make franco a suicidal machine member time of the year. Well, Brandy called yesterday and i was crying to much to actually pick up the phone and i do regret that... i guess her owing me 2 nights is down to a night. i'll tell selected few why....  Monday was the franco is worth shit day.  and today was let's drop a bomb on franco day. I may not be going to CP. I may be going to DCS. no not A dade county school. Dade Christian School.  It's like the second best in miami, and it's halfway up the arse of hell but my dad wants me to go there because it's a fucking church school. My mothers against it because she'll know it'll make me get revenge and as it is i don't talk to them, today i spent the whole day in my room except to shower and breakfast then went back to the batcave. Man, this is ultra depressing, the good news is that my dads not happy that it's a Baptist school   and i'm roman catholic so for once in my life  THANK YOU RELIGION!  me mum says she doens't care about the religion as long as it's good conflict of interests. lol. why do i dislike this idea? is it because only preppy rich fags go there? no. is it because it's nerdy? it's a reason. then?! I have to take a religion class in which i'd wreck hell, it's a privy school meaniing tight rules and i think there all for uncool fools. And if punishment is going to pray a rosary, i'll  be suspended  Religion is great ebcause of Faith and what not but Faith is something i hold in very little amounts nowadays And my faith is divided in 4 things as goes ( i need to make a pie graph or something) 75% Brandy 20% Miami Hurricanes 2.5% Miami Dolphins 2.5% Marlins/Heat  so i'mma have to take an admissions test...i'm gonna get a -100 on it, and that's just for fun:P  sports bum 55: brb the nun, i mean my mom's claling me  http://www.dadechristian.org is the shcools site  sports bum 55: are you kidding me sports bum 55: it's gonna be hilarious sports bum 55: it's gonna be like sports bum 55: jesus said sports bum 55: me WHO GIVES A FUCK! i say i wanna read my book now shut up! sports bum 55: and i have to take religion class sports bum 55: lmao, that's gonna own sports bum 55: i'm gonna question every little bit of crap they throw at me ElvenFairy29: lol sports bum 55: how do we know somebody didn't jsut feel like writing this about some common crook!? sports bum 55: llol sports bum 55: franco caliz- hell bent on being a hell raiser sports bum 55: it's gonna be LG's time three ElvenFairy29: but wait jesus said....but the bible now says... ElvenFairy29: lol ElvenFairy29: daymn sports bum 55: lol sports bum 55: damien sports bum 55: lol ElvenFairy29: they'll call an exorcist ElvenFairy29: lmao sports bum 55: i'm gonna go after school sports bum 55: and like get a tatoo somewhere sports bum 55: 666 sports bum 55: lol sports bum 55: i'm gonna get that tatoo on my arm i've always wanted sports bum 55: smoking skull ElvenFairy29: lol sports bum 55: i'm gonna pierce myself sports bum 55: i'mma take like metallica and Ac/dc shirts (highway to hell!) sports bum 55: lol  and so i have to think of every satanic question i can think of later.