ok this is the last time i speak on this issue. i've always called new york GAY. i've said they sucked.  Now with this new shcool (supportd by the "great" mayour bloomberg) that's only for lesbians and gays. It's gone beyond sports. it's a PUBLIC SCHOOL. that means you Fireman Ed ( the guy at the Jets games) are paying for a school for transgender,gay, lesbian, bisexual kids. now hold on...that sounds good, it so they don't get picked on. ok, 1) lesson of life you will always be picked on. no matter whether you straight or not.  2)ok, so these kids are the most harrased (and hell ill admit it, i've made jokes toward gay kids, there, call me a bigot, enjoy, i'll admit it.) but then wait! i personally know.....FAT KIDS ARE PICKED ON TOO! so you know what? let's open a school for them too! because it is not just that because we call you  homo, you get your school, and i get called butter ball (my cousin, haha) then i don't get one of my own!  And what about the people (who like ) me, pay taxes and don't agree with thsi school? what if your VERY much against the damn thing because you think it's illogical?!  yes, a school where people aren't called (jes i'm using majourly bad language now, sorry if i offend,not meant to, email me and i'll remove it if you want franco15@msn.com, links to it at end of my post, and bottom of page i believe.) Nigger,Spick,Faggot,  Gay, Wigga (jesus) and such, but you know what, then i'd be called a catholic bitch or something, jews wuold be laughed at because of the lil hat they were (sorry, don't know the name). If not, people again like me fat, acne, have all the musical ability of a dying cat are gonna be teased about that. I could tease about someone wiht less strenght or quickness than me.  it's silly. i say we have a school for gays and les'. for each different religion for fat kids. for kids with acne. for kids who's ass is too big for kids who's arms are a bit balcker than the rest.  coudl you know find a better way to use 3 million dollars a month!?!? If all else fial, give the valecdictorians a trip to Europe. Tell me That wouldn't enocourage a lot of people. Get an appearence by j-lo for them (they guys would rule for the next 3 years min.) Use it for drug awareness programs.  Don't waste the money by classification bcause if you told me that shcool people go directly to havard, then all of a sudden I would become "gay" as well.  This is a silly thing, there was a seperation between govt. and church. no there should be between govt. and sexuality.  and as a fat person, i want mty school damnit!