ok three day of total peace and nirvana, and now brandy, and sofia have just set the alarms off majorly, we're back to metallica and nirvana replacing bocelli and BsB  this is as furious shot as i'm gonna take at people in gen. listen to me CAREFULLY, i know listening is hard for you dumbasses but it's worth it. when i give you relationship advice LISTEN AND TAKE IT, IT'S ALWAYS RIGHT, IT'S ALWAYS GOOD, AND ESP. WHEN I KNOW I'M RIGHT. sometimes in life you have to throw feelings to the side, sometimes you have to become determined and brin up a plan for suces you have to be able to get what you want in many different ways.   if your still hung up on some guy that broke your heart, (sofia,brandy,and meily and even to some extent you soraya) GET THE FUCK OVER IT.  stop listening to your evanescence shit please...... your going to become furtherly depressed, you think it's helping you heal and it's just another form of thinking about teh guy and longing for times long gone, and past.  before you call me a sadistically cynically inspired asshole, listen.  how i got over soraya, the manual,  use a rebound, feel bad for the person, but do it, it helps.  listen to songs, that to make you remember the good times, remember the extreme pain you felt when he said bye. when you felt his arrow of pain smite you. Seether is a good starting point, songs that humiliate them do not work!songs that are made to make the person feel bad ( a la' going under) DON'T WORK.  write. let your emotions out.  vent. blow up, call me, bitch me out, bitch the other boy out. point out everything wrong with men, with me, with that guy. with your fathers, anyone that your angry out, let it out, scream, hit and let it take over you for awhile. blow up at a couple of people for no reason, sometimes its ok.  look for someone elese, not somone like them, let it be a guy compleetely against your normal style if you want, but think about it, but please no ghetto kids, i beg of you. and no refs. that's a law. make that person be a friend or something, someone who can help you, and you can help them in the process. and don't immidately look for either the perfect guy or one that makes you gddy happy, because those are the types that hurt yoyu once and they'll hurt you again. sometimes, their right under your nose, the only thing is that you can't see yourself with 'em! their not that bad! and if their nice and intelligent, you make me happy!   ah, intelligence....none o my friends are stupid, and if they are their not close (dynell).  DO NOT GIVE ME YOUR LITTLE BULLSHIT SPEACH ABOUT HE MADE ME SO HAPPY AND THERE'S MORE THAN WHAT MEETS THE EYE.  If he doesn't know what plagarize is, forget it. ex. of stupid to retarded match ups include Brandy with Eric Sofy with tubby and the #1 of all time, Meily with Chris When you start talking and he can't really follow or keep up, when the guy is in reg. and your in gift. i'm sorry, to say, forget it. intelligence has a lot to do with it, if you talk and he can't keep up then your gonna be mad. you'll soon be frustrated. If you too get serious, have jobs and one is in science and he's a garbage man, it looks damn bad, also, you'll run outof things to talk about, quickly.  use friends. they'll understand and try to get ya through, and if they don't know they'll encourage you however they can.  don't date someone that you cna't see yourself wiht in a year, min. if you couldn't dare hsow him to your parents, because they'd hate him, and so would/do i, leave him! don't waste time, what if your with someone, and then that guy comes along, sees you too kissing and leaves for someone else?!!?!?!?!?!!??Try to go into rel. that will last....and you'll be happy.sometimes using your head isn't bad. Long relationship's may end worse than short ones, but you knwo what, atleast they have a meaning to it!  don't date someone who you KNOW may barely leave a week/4 months from now  if you ain't got a chance to go n get married forget it.  and most importantly, don't look for another big one, jes i know there's something inside you that's not there anymore, but don't be a scout girl, don't always be looking around for someone, sometimes, though it hurts, being single is cool, i'm finally finding this out, don't always be looking for HIM....it's ok.  really.  well that said, love you all night. Go FINS!BTw we have 2,015 visitors, but i'm gonna change counter servers, so by ebye 2,015 hello 0.