Congratulations, franco! Your IQ score is 115   During the test, you answered four different types of questions — mathematical, visual-spatial, linguistic and logical. We were able to analyze how you did on of those questions, which reveals the way your brain processes information.  We also compared your answers with others who have taken the test, and according to the sorts of questions you got correct, we can tell your Intellectual Type is an Inventive Inquisitor.  You have the unusual distinction of being equally good at math and verbal skills. This means you are a creative thinker and are uniquely good at teaching others through experiences. You are also a great improviser and very good at handling change.    despite the fact that my IQ is higher than that i agree. because from #32-37 i clicked on w.e. cause i got tired lol, either way i think that's a nice round numbah     What is an IQ? The intelligence quotient (IQ) measures the ratio of a person's intellectual age to his/her chronological age. Most adult intelligence tests are designed for people who are at least 16 years old. For this reason, if you are younger than 16, your Emode IQ score might be slightly lower than your "true" IQ.     History of IQ Testing  One of the first scientific investigations into the concept of intelligence, came from nineteenth-century British scientist, Sir Francis Galton. Galton believed that mental traits, like physical traits, could be inherited. He published his ideas on hereditary intelligence in his book, Hereditary Genius.   Meanwhile in France, psychologist Alfred Binet was exploring ways of measuing childrens' intelligence. Like Galton, Binet was passionate about testing and measuring human capabilities. Binet worked with two groups of children — those who were average students, and those who were less mentally capable. He discovered that average students could complete certain tasks that less mentally capable students could not. Based on those findings, Binet calculated the "normal" abilities for students within different age groups. From there he could estimate how many years above, or below the norm a student's mental age was..