you know what people bitch about their parents. they say theiy've got to put up with all their shit and bitch and bitch and whine.  And i'm one of them. my fucking father thinks because he's stronger he ownz the fucking world, and he's a brainless fucking monkey. he can't happen to think for himself, my mother has to do that for him. He listens only to what he wants to and never considers both sides of the story. He fucking promises you the fucking world and then NEVER EVER keeps up his shit. but atleast he's not asshole 24/7 and hes' relatively nice compared to it.  It is the piece  of shit that's called my mother. when i was younger would literally beat with whatever she could ifnd. one day i was about 7 an i accidentaly stepped on her foot, she had an umbrella and she nearly killed me. some woman in a fucking car drove by lowered her window and screamed "abusadora!". so she goes, is that what you like, is that what you want people to think?. i felt so bad. i wanted to die. i had let my mother down. she was mad at me, she had been insulted and then she put the blame on me. And that's how i worked till i was 13. finally   let me quote myself "having no parents is better than the dissapointment these people are". Strong yes. But true. Call me ungrateful, call me a spoiled brat whatever you want to spew off about, i don't care. My parents NEVER support me, no one except brandy has even an inkling of what i go through. The other day i was on the phone with jklurt in the car and i told him, i wanna go to AP English for 11th. my father just looked at me and said you'll be lucky to be alive or in school by then. that's what i live with. it doesn't seem like much. but for as long as i could remember i've wanted to please them. i wanted once to see them smile because of me. and for that i blame myself. because these are people who no matter how hard, how high you reach, they don't notice. they only notice the negative. they can't see that within the last year i've gotten a hell of a lot more organized, that my conduct in school has reached a B level. no thy notice every mistake i make, how i leave the towel crooked, the smallest shits on earth. and it's SICKENING. i don't think i've recieved in the last 3 years any praise except for, good your mouth is shut.  everyday is a new low, a new dissapointment....brandy tells me to jsut ignore them...and she's right...because if not i'd be dead now. my parents are the definition of the word imbeciles. i'm not gonna go much into details....today's blow was brought first by my mother, then my father.  First she bitches about how i never leave my room. what the fucking hell for?! so i can bond with her? i rather have my fucking cock ripped out with a dentist's drill, one tiny bit at a time, with no anesticia, while in an oven. As soon as i leave she starts to bitch. Before she showed me articles everyday, and i would read them and since we always agreed we'd be ok, then i found one article i was completely against, and she fucking told me everything, tht i was always trying to not show where i was from that i was wishing to be american (right.) and that i would never get to be considered one of them, that i was a barefooted, arrow weilding nica, this shit and the other...yadda yadda yadda. just because we didn't agree.  then she starts telling me she's not leaving work tomorrow to go bring me back from brandy's party, because i'm such a piece of shit, that i don't deserve to go, that i waste her time...w.e. then my father, who told me he could get out for an HOUR of his work...no, i can only take you, and that's if you go to work with me at 7 if not i can't. this after he RPOMISED EM HE'D TAKE ME AND COME BACK. kinda like he promised me and told me he'd take me to the bowling alley when i was 9, i got him in front of it, and he said no he was too tired. he always has a fucking excuse, and it's such fucking bullshit, that a first grader could see past it. Or when he promised me every year since i was 5 to take me to naples...i'm still fucking waiting.  my mother is jsut a whore who abused me physically, and now since she can't because last time she hit my face and then i got [pissed and held her arms and she couldn't move them, has resorted to verbal abuse, then she goes lik the fucking twat two year old she is and said everything to my dad and now she does it every fucking day.  This is a woman who has lived 16 years in this country, didn't learn how to drive till about a year ago, and speaks three words in half ass english. A woman who fucking is an assistant officer at some palce in doral, gets payed minimum wage and still has her ass in the air about how she USED to be this and that and how she was a high judge...W.E. your not any more ok!? your not in a fucking third world country, here the people are EDUCATED you fucking A.  My childhood was a thing of shit, and whenever i had a good chance to be happy my parents SHITTED on it.  Now my mother already told me at 16 i would drive her around. RIght. If i get payed per second.   The new one is they thought my cousin, wholeft to dominican republic, would take me, i've told them for two fucking months, now i cna't go cause i have no one to bring me back from there. you know what hat's IT. any patience i had wiht them is to hell.    "this isn't a house this is a jail cell with weapons tougher and better than guns"    STILL FUCING WONDER WHY I'M SO FUCKING DEFENSIVE? THERE YOU GO, HAPPY ASSHOLES?