Something that I'm gonna make extremely clear, for the ones I link here. It's ok to have a boyfriend. I just have to approve of him. (which is like getting into Oxford) I'm usually pretty light about it actually, less I either really care for the person, distrust them in certain situations. but what I don't agree with is placing some little faggot you met three days ago on top of a friend that you've known for a year min.  Especially if you and me are "tight". (dawg) Seriously dude, it's ok, I apparently don't need the approval of anyone and if I did I'd get it cause I'm hormonally challenged (read: think with the upper head) for most males You can tell me "trust me on this one" ok I've done that a couple of times which each and EVERY one of you.  And to date I was wrong once, and yet in more than 56 ways (not that I've counted-57) I was right. This applies to EVERYONE I know.  I'm not managing your lives (I'm controlling, j.k.) I'm ok with that, I'm more than ok with various rule breaking (cause shit I done them too). But I don't agree with flagrant stupidity.  let me put it the way my math teacher told me. "IGNORANCE IS NOT AN EXCUSE".If I see a pattern (and it changes with every one, but I find one-usually it's positive!)  I just got the best excuse ever-"were 14" let me ask something. Can you legally drive? have you passed Calculus? have you been through half as tough shit as I have? And if you have did you need friends for the healing? Does it haunt you? yes your 14. You can't drink/drive. You can't go clubbing. You can't vote. Your a shit. Your a freshman/8th grader.  next person to tell me it's none of your bushiness gets my foot up their ass. see the little pig. On MSN? It shows my mood. The blacker the depressor. I have a tiger on now.  I had the black cobwebs.  figure out what that means. C'mon. jes, I'm officially on smartass prick who's pissed off mode and I'm willing to fight.  And with some people like Sofia, I refuse to have a battle of wits with someone who is unarmed. With others, if I make about 100 points straight and your best comeback is it's different. And I prove it's not. shush. Listen. Repeat. Perform action. (or get preview on! {bonus points to Franco for perversion}) To any who thinks IM mentally unwell because I refuse to sue the word SHITHOLE. I think that says enough about YOU. Read my last post and dig from it.  Theresa a difference and a fine line between protecting and obssesiveness, and I won't shit, I break it sometimes. But there's a major difference.  It's different. (like how that works eh?) how is it dif.?  I'm on mr.ANAL-yzation mode. I'm on smart times 15. And i'mma be like this for a good week. Prolly till Saturday. If you put your self in the position of an imbecolic idiot then prepare to be treated as one.  Odette I want you to notice how i'mma be different tomorrow.  see many people lately have been seeing social Franco. He's gone bye bye till someone can knock him OUT of me again. For a while I thought I dropped the Iron Curtain.  It's back with a vengeance (where have I heard that before....) It's not easy living my life and I think my bookbag alone weighs enough, but if you need to add more weight upon Atlas very. FRANCO. (atlas held the weight of the world on his soldiers) then bring it on. I'm ready.  And use purely logical arguments. No what you believe. No what you think. That's worth the paper it's written on. (shtiznecoff). If you have a streak of boyfriends whose IQ reaches at most 4 and they always seem to be in the same cat. As designated by Da Freak. Then that's a pattern. If they have a juvie record the size of my ass, then they can forget about getting near you.  My Situation of no one listening is getting worse by the day, so now i'mma do something tyrannically thati've never seriously meant. I'm threatening physical violence (CPers) and I'm threatening use of weapons of mass destructions (PARENTS) if needed to. And at this point I give three fucks who likes it and who don't. thank you to Laura for listening. She listens and she gains.  I'M BACK. WITH A POWER ATTACK,like a lightning flash across the black pit of Sky.   Two years work mostly down the drain, and now the asshole franco's back and I'm stronger, smarter, faster,sharper.  sitius,altius,fortius  And I part with some thought for you all maybe you mentally inept asses can learn.   "I have made good judgments in the past. I have made good judgments in the future."  "now I lay me down to sleep, pray the lord my should to keep"  "God does not exist, and if religion is an illusion that the majority of men cannot live without... Let men believe in the lies of religion since they cannot do without them, and let then a handful of sages, who know the truth and can live with it, keep it among themselves. Men are then divided into the wise and the foolish, the philosophers and the common men, and atheism becomes a guarded, esoteric doctrine -- for if the illusions of religion were to be discredited, there is no telling with what madness men would be seized, with what uncontrollable anguish.  "The Earth is degenerating these days. Bribery and corruption abound. Children no longer mind their parents, every man wants to write a book, and it is evident that the end of the world is fast approaching. "  ""You know the world is going crazy when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the U.S. of arrogance, Germany doesn't want to go to war, and the three most powerful men in America are named 'Bush', 'Dick', and 'Colon.' Need I say more?" - Chris Rock"  ""1. The first step to knowledge is knowing that we are ignorant" "2. An unexamined life is not worth living."  -Socrates' Two universal truths"  "What we do in life, echoes in eternity." - General Maximus, Gladiator"  "No poor bastard ever won a war by dying for his country. He won it by making other bastards die for their country." - General George Patton"