Yo I'm the same little girl that grew up next door to you Went through all the things a teenage girl goes through Hangin' out all night breakin my curfew When my daddy hit the door I gave my mumma the blues Use 2 spend my time blazin' lazin' days away Thought I was grown left home at 15 didn't want to obey Had 2 get my act together couldn't take the heat And now I'm making beats for the streets  I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee I stay blowin' up ur stereo everybody gotta hear me though I'm just Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Hear me bussin' on da radio Now feel my flow u get me though I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee See me bouncin' in da video And I come to rock the show I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Everybody loose control Let my vibe touch your soul  I remeber all the house parties that took place Bein' in my bed upstairs and we could still feel the base And my cousins and my brothers we'd sit up all night Listenin' to my family vibin' till the mornin' light Remember my first years of school I was so innocent I just wanted to learn I never been so content But the more that I learned I found a guidin light That showed me the need to fight And be  I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee I stay blowin' up ur stereo Everybody gotta hear me though I'm just Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Hear me bussin' on da radio Now feel my flow u get me though I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee See me bouncin' in da video And I come to rock the show I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Everybody loose control Let my vibe touch ur soul  At 13 I thought I was in love with this guy Anytime I caught his eye I thought that I'd just die Remember playin' class clown I was just a disruptive fool And the beatin' I got first time suspended from school Remember Sunday School and after go to granmas for lunch Macaroni, rice and peas, chicken and pineapple punch Never had much my mum brother sister and me But love was enough to succeed to grow  I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee I stay blowin' up ur stereo Everybody gotta hear me though I'm just Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Hear me bussin' on da radio Now feel my flow u get me though I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee See me bouncin' in da video And I come to rock the show I'm Ms. Dy-na-mi-tee Everybody loose control Let my vibe touch ur soul ___________________ What you gonna do When it's time to recognise Do you wanna get serious When you're walking by my side And the way is perilous And you think you're better now You think you're over it I can see from the look on your face You're a long way off Pride it always comes Before a fall You see me See me calling I can fly But I watch you falling  You see me See me calling I can fly But I watch you falling Falling  Don't fall It's a long way down again I can see your pretty face Unaware embarassment I'm falling down again And I think I'm better now And I think I'm over it Can you see by the smile on my face? I'm coming home Pride it always comes Before a fall  You see me See me calling I can fly But I watch you falling  You see me See me calling I can fly But I watch you falling Falling  What you gonna do When it's time to recognise Do you wanna get serious When you're walking by my side And the way is perilous Well I think we're better now And I think we're over it I can see by the look on your face It's coming home Pride it always comes Before a fall  See me Falling