Ok, a l0ng time ago Brandy asked me how i felt. Back then i felt in Heaven, i had a good close core group of people who i cared about and vice versa and we were all close. I felt awwesome cuase i knew i could always turn to her. It's like, finally I had paid my dues since 3rd grade and i got my reward, from December to August really, were the best months of my life. I mean the had lows but ihad my friends the whole time...now it's ...well look here, i wrote this last night at 2 A.M  "I...........   I can't xee what i'm writing. it's late night, early mornin, i'm crushed. Every night i'm thinking about how my parents are such a shit. About how my friends have just, left like rats from a sinking ship. I'm on teh verge of crying, yet again.Due in part to Brandy. I understand she wants to distance herself but w.e. I think it's unjust to me. I suffer thinking about her everyday and night, wishing for her to be near, to have one of the old conversation where i could tell her anything and everything. Carmen and Sofy, Laura they've become aquaintences, me and sofy used to be real close even in diff. schools and now... she's basically gone. And Meily, because of her going back to Chris twice, i trust but, the "I love yous" seem sorta forced out of her and, I feel like she's hiding something from me, i don't know what though. Odie, she jsut bitches at me, tries to avoid me. I know i'm annoying but it's to get your attention and say  LOOK THERE'S SOMETHING WRONG WITH ME! ASK ME WHAT IT IS! "  That's all i could write before i got tired. i'm putting on a happy front at school, i haven't had to do that for two years. i don't care what ahppens now, if i get one more month in my life of the hapiness i've felt over the last couple of months, i'd be terribly happy. I just....if nobody else i wish i ahd brandy and odie back. Meily i ahve, but i don't know to what degree, but i do love her.    Brandy, i miss ehr friendship, her warmness, and her advice. the fact that i don't even get a five minute phone call from her like i used to at teh beggining of the year a week. I haven't heard from Brandy for two weeks. It's depressing, and I'm supoer sensitive when it comes to those i care about, and i'm sorry if i offend but there's NO ONE i care for as much as her. I also feel horrid that i make her feel like shit by critisizing, but even she said it "schools easing up". I wouldn't mind hearing her from time to time. It's oo painful to lose her, especially so slowly, inch by inch.  Odette, she can't tell when somethings wrong, she doesn't care about me enough to hold me in her arms and just go "hey, big guy it'll be alright". That would mean so much to me. but odie......She gets too caught up in other things, and hell i understand and i get that Robert is her love or w.e., but have some time for the others, i don't ask for 24 hours a week, i ask for 1.   Meily,  i love her, and she's def. real best freind material, and if it weren't for the fact that i like her (again) then...i'd be content with that. But sometimes i wonder if she leads me on for fun,or whether she really cares about me. And maybe it's jsut the previous paranoia form the whole chris affair hurting the present but.... my psyche is messedup by that past, and its in my mind when i talk to her, especially seeing as in person she's rather jsut like an aquaintance with me. w.e., maybe i'm just eating shit.  Incredible how i'm a really strong person, physically and mentally-emotionally... yet when it comes to those closest to me, i'm so damned fragile, i've got to grow up some in this respect, but i think i've just been scarred so horribly by the past that the present seems impossible to survive, so i guess i have nothing to look foward to except the future. And if it's anything like what i've gone through, then it's not too bright, anyways, mom walked into the ro0m....will continue in a later post, sad how my long posts are depressing, the best ones too.