i love Breckenridge (and Dener newstation)  i'm here waiting for dinner and they run a report about cuba on the international news channel. I was about to flip it off, cuase i was amazed that even outside Miami people care abotu Cuba. But it was a damn good report.  It showed people inside Cuba giving realy opinions on how tehy feel about the Cuban REv. and Castro. they interviewed 5 people and 3 were pro castro, two aainst. one of the against was the guy who turned his truck into a boat.  The report had a lot of good points about Cuba, overall they did a 100 people survery and resutls were 61% Pro Castro,38% Con Castro, and the one loser who was undecided.  Again both sides said good points, including not being able to support yorself. but the oen thing that stuck in my mind was a 25 year old saying "The only people who complain arethose who jsut hang out or whatever, those with no jobs. thos that work have no problem." Ouch. Furthermore a 64 year old saying  " I remember when we had capitalismbefore Castro, it was such *beep* there was no point to it, now we can buy things at better prices and we're bette protected (From?)". Also "If i had to go and risk my babies life along with mine again i'd do it"  As always sopmeone is against the system, but teh amjority are ok wiht it.   Thsi is further proof that the idiots in Miami want to kill Catro, while people on the island, who actually live there are ok with it. Miami Cubans should calm down. When the man is hated IN the island it will be the end of him. The people are bigger than the government everywhere. It does not take another country to come in and kill him. If the cuban people wnated him out, he'd be gone. But they don't Same as the Iraquis.   Oh. And i just remembered this "People see the movies andonly see the good about the U.S. and tehy think everything is perfect, they need to come to reality" from teh 25 year old. i completely agree with that. Also if your in Miami there's no unbiased reporting it's all against Castro. If you look at it through nuetral eyes (and i'm nto saying i am) he's been a decent leader who in many ways has helped and in thres hurt hsi country. as all leaders do. Cubans need to learn that if Capitalism was around in Cuba, Castro would Still be in power. A Frightening thought indeed is it not? NOW CALM DOWN , I'M OFF TO THE SLOPES AGAIN! MEWWY X-MAS