10) Miami (FL) vs. (9) Florida State  Brandy Read HERE  ORANGE BOWL PREVIEW  For the first time in six years, neither Florida State nor Miami is playing for a chance to win the national title. There is still plenty of incentive for the Seminoles to win the bowl game they are in.  The No. 9 Seminoles try to snap a four-game losing streak against their in-state and future conference rivals when they meet the No. 10 Hurricanes on New Year's night in the 70th Orange Bowl.   When Miami (10-2) beat Florida State (10-2) 22-14 on Oct. 11, the Seminoles' seniors became the school's first class in 15 years to lose four consecutive years to Miami.   If the Seminoles don't win Thursday, they will take that losing streak into next September's meeting, which will be their first as Atlantic Coast Conference rivals.   ``We're going to do whatever it's going to take to beat them,'' senior linebacker Kendyll Pope said. ``I've got to get at least one win before I graduate.''    Both teams are used to playing with more at stake. Florida State played in three straight national title games, winning one of them, from 1999-2001, while Miami won in 2002 and lost to Ohio State while trying to defend its title last year.   When the Hurricanes suffered back-to-back losses earlier this season, they hardly resembled that team, which won 34 straight games before its Fiesta Bowl loss.   The low point for Miami came in November losses to Virginia Tech and then-No. 7 Tennessee. Coach Larry Coker benched Brock Berlin after the junior threw 14 interceptions, fumbled three times and lost twice in the first nine games.   Berlin, who started as a freshman for Florida in the 2002 Orange Bowl, eventually regained his starting job and completed 61 percent of his passes and threw 12 touchdowns this season.   A season-ending injury to running back Frank Gore in October contributed to the decline in Miami's offense, as Coker had to rely on backups Jarrett Payton and freshman Tyrone Moss. Payton went on to lead the team with 876 rushing yards and seven TDs.   While the offense struggled, the Hurricanes relied on their superior defense, ranked third in the nation in total yards and fifth in scoring. Junior defensive back Sean Taylor's nine interceptions were tied for second in the country this season.   Miami regrouped to finish the regular season with a three-game winning streak and a share of the Big East title in its final year in the league.   ``It looks like they corrected whatever they needed to correct,'' Florida State coach Bobby Bowden said.   The Seminoles also suffered injuries, including receiver Craphonso Thorpe's broken right leg Nov. 15 against North Carolina State. Thorpe had 51 receptions for 994 yards and 11 touchdowns before the injury. Without him, the Seminoles turned to P.K. Sam and Dominic Robinson.   ``They've lost an outstanding receiver, but they've had an opportunity to groom other players and get comfortable with their other players,'' Coker said.   Another favorite target of quarterback Chris Rix is receiver Chauncey Stovall, who caught a pair of touchdowns and averaged more than 17 yards per catch in 12 games this season.   Rix threw for 3,011 yards and 22 touchdowns this season and his 140.92 quarterback rating was third in the ACC. However, his two interceptions were part of Florida State's five turnovers in the regular-season loss to Miami.   Florida State was held to just 296 yards, well below its season average of 419.4.   ``I think we are a lot better now. We are playing more together as a team,'' Seminoles center David Castillo said. ``We made a lot of mistakes during the season and I think we have corrected those mistakes. We have guys at some key positions that have stepped up to the challenge.   ``Hopefully ... we will be able to show them we are a lot better team than we were in October.''   This will be the 48th meeting between the rivals, but the first in a bowl despite the Hurricanes appearing in their 30th and the Seminoles in their 33rd.   Miami leads the all-time series 27-20.  ______________________   (4) Michigan vs. (1) USC  ROSE BOWL!!!!   The Bowl Championship Series was supposed to end any chance of a split national title.  Then again, No. 1 Southern California wasn't supposed to go 11-1 after losing the Heisman Trophy winner, either.   But the loss of Carson Palmer couldn't stop the Trojans' run toward a national title, and a computer system won't be able to either if USC beats Michigan on Thursday in the Rose Bowl.   After three split titles from 1990-97, things were supposed to change with the start of the BCS. Yet, the No. 1 team in the polls didn't end up in this season's BCS title game, setting up the possibility of a split.   ``We're playing in the Rose Bowl with a shot at the national championship,'' USC coach Pete Carroll said Wednesday. ``You can't ask for more than that. I'm not frustrated at all.''      The Trojans, who have had an outstanding season despite the loss of Palmer to the NFL, are in good position to finish atop the AP Top 25 poll with a win over Michigan (10-2) because the top team has never fallen after winning its bowl game.   But USC has no shot at being voted first in the USA Today/ESPN coaches' poll, which is obligated to make the winner of the Sugar Bowl between second-ranked LSU and third-ranked Oklahoma its No. 1 team. The Sugar Bowl will be played on Sunday.   That sets up the possibility of college football's 11th split national championship -- something that was supposed to be eliminated when the BCS started in 1998.   A split title isn't quite the same as the outright one USC lost the chance to win when the BCS computers kept the Trojans out of the Sugar Bowl.   ``After playing 15 weeks you don't want to share the championship with anybody,'' said Kenechi Udeze, USC's All-American defensive lineman. ``I'm a firm believer that the championship should be decided on the field.''   The Trojans have won 26 of their past 30 games. They finished fourth in the nation last year and can win a national title for the first time in 25 years with a win against Michigan.   ``This is the granddaddy of them all,'' USC cornerback Will Poole said. ``We get to stay at home, our fans are here, and it's a great game against a great Michigan team. Whatever happened with the BCS happened. It was out of our control.''   It's a matchup of two of the most storied teams in the history of the bowl. This will be the seventh meeting between the teams in the Rose Bowl, with Michigan having won four of the contests. This is the first time the Trojans and Wolverines have met in the Rose Bowl since 1990, when USC won 17-10. Each team has won four games in the all-time series, including Rose Bowls.   With all the talk of a split national championship, some of the players for fourth-ranked Michigan believe they're being written off before the game even begins.   ``We take it personally,'' Michigan receiver Braylon Edwards said. ``I understand that a lot of people don't give us a chance to beat USC. They think it will be a cakewalk and we were lucky to be in this game. We're out to get some respect.''   When the game starts, the talk of the BCS and split titles will be overshadowed by the matchup between two of the most high-powered offenses in the nation.   Led by efficient quarterback Matt Leinart and game-breaking receiver Mike Williams, USC has topped 40 points in seven straight games and is sixth in the nation in scoring at 42.2 points per game.   Williams doesn't have breakaway speed, but uses his 6-foot-5 frame, basketball skills and strong hands to shield off defenders and make acrobatic catches. Williams has 87 receptions for 1,226 yards and 16 touchdowns.   Freshman LenDale White, a burly 6-2, 227-pound running back, leads USC with 738 yards and 13 touchdowns in his first year while sharing duty with Hershel Dennis and Reggie Bush.   Leinart said White's rapid development helped provide USC what it lacked -- a rushing game to balance the passing.   ``That was when we seemed to really start rolling, started to run the ball well, which helped the passing game, and started to score a lot of points,'' Leinart said.   Michigan has a similar offense led by quarterback John Navarre, Heisman finalist running back Chris Perry and a deep receiving corps. The Wolverines have scored at least 27 points every game this year and are ninth in the country in scoring at 37.2 points per game.   While he doesn't get the attention of some of the nation's more heralded receivers, Edwards had 75 catches for 1,031 yards and 14 scores this season.   Edwards looks to take advantage of a Trojans team that has been susceptible to the pass, allowing 276.7 yards a game, including 485 in the regular season finale against Oregon State.   Another day, another post.