ABC   Abramovich: One day Chelsea were spectators looking on at a two-horse race, the next a billionaire Russian was buying them spanking-new bridles and bits so they could join the fun. Roman Abramovich spent over £100m, Chelsea became Chelski and the rest of the Premiership got worried.  Beckham: It was the year that Golden Balls finally left Old Trafford, hurried along his way by a flying boot kicked by Sir Alex Ferguson. He flaunted the scar and his club flaunted their prize asset around Europe. Real Madrid were the buyers, the medical was televised and the circus finally settled into a football show.  Cookie: The managerial revelation of the year, few gave Chris 'Cookie' Coleman much chance of keeping Fulham up or keeping his job. Instead, the Cottage-less Cottagers end 2003 in the top six and with their coterie of stars pledging to stay and keep them there. And he’s called Cookie. Which is cool.  Departures: Hailed as the Second Coming on his arrival at Spurs, Glenn Hoddle quickly proved he knew not whether he was coming or going. He was the highest-profile departure in a year that saw Leeds lose several and the very poor likes of Graham Taylor and Glenn Roeder being kicked into touch.  Elbow?: Sol Campbell swung his arm, Ole Gunnar Solskjaer went to ground like the proverbial sack of taties and the western world debated for what seemed like forever whether Sol had made contact or whether Ole was auditioning for a part in Falling Down II. The FA decided on the former and Sol's ban was cited as a major factor in Arsenal missing out on the Premiership trophy.  Forgetfulness: Rio Ferdinand skipped training without taking a drugs test. His excuse? 'I forgot'. Some saw this as proof of his drugs guilt while others saw it as proof that his ego was always far bigger than his brain. Cheating or just plain daft? An eight-month ban proved that the FA veered towards the former theory.  Goldfish: The horrible/tremendous excesses of Peter Ridsdale's disastrous reign at Leeds were revealed when debts of almost £80m were announced when Professor John McKenzie took over the chairmanship. Money had been frittered away on private jets, luxury cars and, most wonderfully, the leasing of goldfish for the directors' offices.  Handbags: The newspapers called it the Battle of Old Trafford but it was hardly worthy of the name. In September the Premiership's biggest rivals met and had a little falling-out. No punches were thrown (just a giant monkey leap) but Arsenal ended the year £275,000 and nine matches poorer for their part in the scuffle.  Istanbul: Would England get out alive? Would the fans be allowed to get in alive? They needed a single point to get to Euro 2004 and a single point is what they got. But it didn't end there - there was some nastiness from Alpay, some tunnel shenanigans shown on grainy footage and enough xenophobia to keep Prince Phillip in after-dinner conversation for a year.  Jay-Jay: One of the players of 2003, Big Sam Allardyce looked like he'd lost his mind as well as his moustache when he made the Nigerian his captain. The year ended with Sam begging (in vain) for him not to hotfoot it to the African Nations Cup. And Hoddle had turned him down for Spurs. Of course.  Kewell runnings: Despite talk of Arsenal and Manchester United, the Aussie winger was only ever going to join one club - Liverpool. But not before the player touted for £25m just two years ago had ensured that crisis club Leeds could only collect fourpence after percentages had gone to him, his agent and possibly the goldfish.   Liverpool: They won something in 2003, you know.  Monkey Heid: We knew Peter Reid was bad but his tenure at Leeds was nothing short of disastrous. After keeping them in the Premiership with fire, brimstone and hard graft, he proceeded to bring in a raft of players who could not give a monkey's. Frankly, they were rubbish. And Eddie Gray's successful tactic of getting rid of them all proves exactly that.  Number eight: That's what ManYoo were claiming in May - an eighth Premiership title of the 11 on offer since football began in 1992 (sorry, we've been watching too much Sky). It hadn't looked likely six months before but what's that old adage about form and class? Read it and weep, Arsenal.  Oval ball: England won the Rugby World Cup and were terribly polite in doing so - prompting a thousand articles entitled 'What football can learn from rugby' which handily forgot to mention that rugby could learn from football to be a little bit more, well, interesting.  Penalties: The only way an absolutely dire Champions League final was going to be decided. It was a game that prompted a re-think about goalkeepers coming off their lines at penalties after AC Milan's Dida was clearly halfway towards the opposition player every single time. But it helped his team be crowned champions of Europe. Was any team ever less deserving?  Qualification: The be-all-and-end-all for European countries this year as they bid to reach Euro 2004. England managed it but Wales and Scotland fell at the final play-off hurdle - the Welsh failing to perform against Russia and the Scots getting an absolute thwhacking by Holland after predictably getting all excited about beating them at home.  Roasting: It was the year of the roast. The new season brought a new term, which came to light after the alleged rape of a 17-year-old schoolgirl by Premiership footballers. Suddenly we heard and read nothing but tales of young girls lured into three, four, five, six, who-knows-how-many-in-a-bed romps with footballers. Called roasting, apparently.  Strike: Led by Citizen Neville, the England players stood up for the forgetful/stupid Rio Ferdinand and even took a vote on whether they should miss the vital clash with Turkey. Thankfully, common sense prevailed and they played in the game - but their relationship with the FA has taken a seemingly-permanent battering.  Turning the corner: According to Gerard Houllier, Liverpool have been on the verge of doing so all year - the Frenchman's stuck record not actually getting them any closer to greatness. They're still mediocre, still inconsistent and the fans are still calling for his head. The rest of us just got dizzy.   Unbeaten: Arsenal end 2003 without a defeat in the Premiership. Just be careful about predicting it will stay that way, Arsene.  Va Va Voom: Undoubtedly the best player in England in 2003, Thierry Henry is close to being the best in the world. At times he has been just beautiful to watch and almost impossible to play against. Only ManYoo fans can possibly find a reason to dislike him.  White lines: The year began with Bozzer being sacked by Chelsea for a positive drugs test and despite preposterous claims that his drink had been spiked by a nasty lady he was handed a nine-month ban by the FA. It ended with a fat Bozzer smoking cigars and claiming to be fighting an addiction while trying to sell videos of his naked supermodel ex-girlfriend. Lovely feller.  X-Rated: A challenge on Jamie Carragher from Lucas Neill that Liverpool boss Gerard Houllier described as 'cowardly' - conveniently forgetting some real horror 'tackles' by Steven Gerrard. Other culprits included Muzzy Izzet, Ashley Cole and the Russian bloke who floored Ryan Giggs.  Yellow: The future’s bright, and it might well be yellow. In a division with the likes of West Ham, West Brom, Ipswich and Sunderland, it is Norwich at the head of the pack. Not since the days of Jeremy Goss have things looked so good in Norfolk…  Zinedine Zidane: The best player in the world, apparently. Gooners tend to disagree.