recap of my week Canes won have been very happy for myself the couple of days Last night i started doing research on this man, an i found him he's amazin,and as i reat hat i felt things start to change in me. I've noticed how already my thoughts from before have been backed up and how am starting to think a lot better. I'm thinking so clearly i've never seen things better than this but my advice is rejected NOW MORE THAN EVER.  My mother is been worse than ever out of nowhere for no reason, and somethings are changing my thought's are completely re arranging the case and trial of his man i've never felt anything like this i feel it in my hear tof hearts i feel it in my bones i feel such compassion for him   and i've never met him, let alone heard his voice.   I feel like Neo when he realizes the humans are just the batteries for the machines....The world you know is not as it seems, what you thought you understood is not true and anything you say do or view will be used against you. It's a world where right and wrong doesn't matter, only $$ and ambition. Corruption rules the world. Everything i've studied so meticulously has been true, and yet it's had so many more aspects that i haven't beeen able to see. My knowledge of people is the same, i can still predict 100% correct but i can no longer understand the system...for the system is nothing but buearocratic lies.  "They saw themselves as others had seen them. They had been formed by the images made of them by those who had the deepest necessity to despise them." -- James Baldwin, *Notes of a Native Son*   And no it's not James Baldwin but....Wow, if every American researched this and pulled out the true stats looks at why things are done as tehy are one would die.  Of course other than to get bitched at it's been impossible to contact brandy and her and my cousin are the only two whom i can sdiscuss things liek this with ___ i'm realizsing the more you analyze and think for yourself the more depressed you become, you see america's false propaganda on one side and the reality of it and then you see the complete darkness on the other. You realize how many problems you have and all of a sudden you feel like you need something, anything to cling on it. Everyone has one person/thing to use, but what do i have? I feel like i've lost everything, feel as if i was stillborn, all devoid of knowledge only with feelings but it's been a while since feelings told me something good  But they've always been right and am seldom incorrect..about 2.4% of them be incorrect actually.  anywyas this isn't about me feeligns, it's about this...how much injustice and rascism must be hidden by the U.S.? The people are kept ignorant and though our great nation is full of ignorant people we consider ourselves better than Cuba, USSR back in the day. I'd say we're just as bad.