         We are all different. We all have different tastes in music, women, men and trousers. We all support different teams. We are utterly and totally divided politically, socially and financially. Splintered into a million shards of antagonistic and opposed perceptions and  attitudes, a lot of them uninformed and based entirely on assumption and bigotry. And that's just the BBC.   For example, I know people who worship at the alter of Kylie's beauty but to me she's like a sexless boy. No stirring in the loins here.  There are people who don't like a good bhindi bhaji but they are insane to me. How can you not like any form of curry?   A recent poll of the best albums of all time included something by Robbie Williams in the top 10 - how could anyone be some dumb to think that? Haven&rsquo;t they heard any Van Der Graaf Generator albums?   However, I have discovered the one thing which binds us all together. The thing that everyone likes. That no one dislikes. That everyone is happy to see on a daily basis. It comforting, flexible and has universal appeal.  It is of course, the potato.   No one hates potatoes. No one is allergic to them. Everyone loves the humble spud. There's nothing not to like about potatoes. They come in all shapes, sizes and colours - those haemorroidal purple ones are especially good fun. Eating them releases calming, relaxing endorphins. And of course if you're going on the piss, the very best thing to consume before doing so is a huge pan of buttery mashed spud. It will soak up all everything you throw down your neck and make you able to drink as much beer as the proper big men.  You can do so many things with them. They're the ultimate compromise vegetable. When in doubt, serve potatoes. Even those strange people with the breath of dragons that will eat no vegetables, will still find room for a tattie. Geese even love them. As do dogs and blackbirds. And then of course, there is poccine which has made many a man actually blind.  'He's writing about potatoes' I hear you thinking. What's he telling me about potatoes for? Where does the interface between football and a maris piper lie?   Well, here it is. I'm searching for the football equivalent of the potato. Something which we can all agree we like. I was listening to someone slagging off Houllier and Ferguson on the radio in such extreme terms that it was as though they were war criminals. It sounded like he was laying off all the pressure and angst in his own life onto these two blokes who he doesn&rsquo;t know and probably will never even meet. He was using them like an emotional sponge to absorb all his own inadequacies and fears.  This can't be the only way can it?  It all seemed so inappropriate and extreme. Surely we're not so divided are we? There must be something that unites the football fraternity. Something we can all rejoice in. Some thing that gives us all pleasure.  But you know what? I can&rsquo;t find anything at all. Think about it. Anything specific to a team divides supporters straight away. Anything to do with national teams likewise.   Even specific players are controversial. I love Paolo DiCanio but I know others who think he's a waste of good sideburns and self-indulgence personified.   A lot of people think Henry is the best player in the world but I'm not so sure. I'd like to see him playing for a couple of years in Spain and Italy before saying that. Wearing gloves and doing crap goal celebrations after you knock a few in past Wolves or Middlesbrough is no qualification of greatness.  The play-offs - I like them. They're great for keeping the season alive. I'd like to see them extended. Others hate them because you can finish 30 points off the lead and still get promoted.  The Home Internationals. Doesn't everyone want them brought back? No. They'd clog up the fixture list. Clubs wouldn't want to release their best players, they'd be devalued and anyway who wants all the violence, ginger wigs and Burberry caps that the Scotland/England match brings.  High scoring games are great aren&rsquo;t they? Yeah, sometimes but watching Arsenal stick six past Southampton gets boring after the 4th goal because it&rsquo;s all so predictable and inevitable.  It's right that the National Stadium should be in the capital city. No it bloody isn't, we don&rsquo;t even need one and if we did, it should be near to most of the people which means somewhere off the M69 not in that open air toilet off the North Circular called Wembley?  Referees are useless prima donnas. True, but would you really want to be the one to spot the difference between a genuine trip and a Pires dive in the box in front of 35,000 people?  So what are we left with that we all agree on? What can we unite around.  This is it. The Ball is round.    What else is there? Nothing. Football separates us on almost every level. A non-football lover said to me today that one of the reasons she couldn&rsquo;t enjoy football was because everyone seemed to hate everyone else so much. The whole thing is so full of bad vibes and antagonism and tension.   I couldn't disagree and then suddenly I realized that it was exactly this fact that is our collective potato dinner. The only thing we agree on is that was disagree on everything. And it&rsquo;s this factor which binds all of us football crazies together. Perversely, it is only in disharmony that we find unity.   Which is a bit confusing but kind of far out really, isn't it?