         I've noticed it's back. The swagger. The Hell raiser. The 3:16, cause sonte cold said so in me is back, and I have a more expanded vocabulary this time to abuse people with. It shall come into plain view soon, my violent side is back, i think that's what Hanson did to me. I'm gonna drive my points home, Odette said something that caught my attention yest, well a pair of them.  1. Brandy really loves you, you can tell how? Well when i'm bitching about you, cuase i'm your big sister of cuorse (Me:whore) i go, he's such a pain int he ass (Me: i know i am) and Brandy goes "i know but i love him either way". that kinda is stuck on the back of my mind  and then 2. is   O:Brandy's parents like you, asshole Me: how do you know O: Cause her mom goes, we should invite Franco over...blah blah Me: and what does Brandy say? O: well Brandy goes, no i talk to ihm everyday, and i never get to see Odette.  odie later went on to say how her dad likes me too. that pissed me off some more. not htat her parents like me (they all do damnit) but that Brandy has enough balls to say some stupid shit like that. Yeah you talk to me everyday, and you talk to odie, every two days? You never see Odie?You see her almost every fucking weekend you fucking cunt, pull that shit out of your ass. When did you last see me? Aug. 19. 03, 7:21 P.M. yeah that's right i still remember. Do You know how much that fucking hurt? How much sting that zapped out of me? Do you care? Odette couldn't tell because of course i'm the greatest actor this fookin planet has ever known. I nearly broke down crying on teh phone when odie said that, a= just as when i called brandy to scream at her, i was already tearing apart.  But of course they don't recognize that because their not use to it. well too bad jackass.   and a third thing brandy related stuck to me:  O:It's funny how when everyone's leaving Brandy or moving awway from her a little even me, there coming to you.  this emphasizes two points  One something is turning Brandy into some asshole, or asomethings turning her screw loose, but she's even pushing odie away a bit (also said  by Odie : "I agree with you but i don't want to tell her anything because i've never really had a fight with her and i don't want to."  To leave in fear and quietly is to not live at all .)  And it just proves, exactly how alike am I to Brandy, seriously? it pisses me off, i've turned into the leader in a lot of cases of peoples lives.  When did I begin to be so damned trusted? as soon as Brandy left, do i seem to be the Male Brandy?  W.e. people are going to start smelling my new attitude and as soon as they get a whiff their gonna eitehr stick around for the long haul or bail. An angered freak is not one to fuck with, from 3rd to 7th they found hout and in 9th i remind.