         For Brandy and Odie ______________________  You had to be there.  Had to be a kid.   Had to care about sports.   Had to be a dreamer.   Had to feel like it changed your life.    No hockey game should have that kind of effect, right? Well, this one did. The 1980 Olympic Team changed the course of my life. Validated every reason I ever had for liking sports. Made me believe I could accomplish anything. Kept me watching all kinds of games, hoping for the next miracle. Think it's coincidence I do this for a living?     Now they've made a movie about it. This baby could be a cross between "Hoosiers," "Slap Shot" and "Rocky IV." I'm not going. Believe me, I remember everything just fine. The boys getting reamed in that exhibition at MSG. The crazy-low expectations heading into Lake Placid. All those "That's Incredible!" promos. Our hockey team was barely a blip on the radar.   Then everything changed.  Imagine life without computers, cable, the Internet and video games. Imagine killing time every day, hoping for snow just so you'd have something to do. Imagine pinning your hopes on a ragtag group of college kids and minor leaguers, just because you happened to love hockey. In bed on a school night, you listen to the Sweden game on your clock radio. They're down 2-1, and they pull the goalie, but you keep listening, and you keep hoping ... and then Billy Baker scores with 27 seconds left. Euphoria. Until you get in trouble because you're supposed to be sleeping.   They own you after that. And when they play the evil Soviets on Friday, you know two things: they're the best, and we might see them again in WW III. They're Drago, Shute, Clubber, and the Nazis in Victory rolled into one. No way the kids hang with them. But you never stop hoping. ABC tape-delays the game for prime time, so you're dying all afternoon. Something's happening. At the supermarket with Mom, someone in frozen foods says, "Just heard it's 2-2 in the second." You feel like you might pass out.    You wait and wait, and finally, Jim McKay comes on. You study his face -- every smirk and eyebrow raise. He says, you definitely want to stick around for this one. What does that mean? Your heart starts doing 360s. And for two periods, they hang with the Russians, just like the supermarket guy said. When Johnson scores a fluke off a ricochet, you leap up and down. You just -- you can't even believe it. The crowd makes a noise you've never heard -- one that combines utter disbelief and palpable joy, a constant shriek that keeps getting louder. The most magnificent sound.   Third period, halfway through ... Eruzione scores. 4-3, USA. Indescribable. If you could be anywhere for five minutes, wouldn't you pick Lake Placid at that moment? Flags wave everywhere. Chants of "U-S-A!" cascade down. Players rush the ice to jump on their captain, because you could do that back then. The Soviets skate around in shock. We're beating the Russians. We are beating the Russians.   The next 10 minutes feel like 10 days, kind of like those last few minutes on a treadmill. The Russians keep coming, and coming. They take about 600 shots. Jimmy Craig stops them all. You may as well be watching someone walk a tightrope while dodging a barrage of bullets. That final minute comes, and the Russians stage one last, furious thrust, but we clear it out of there ... and Michaels is screaming, "Do you believe in miracles?" and you do, you really do. Sticks fly in the air. Strangers hug. Flags bob. The Russians stand dazed, destroyed. Players roll around in glee.   U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A! U-S-A!   And you didn't wonder how much Craig was going to make in endorsements or who was winning your Olympic roto league. You just cheered for your country, on tape delay, and you felt liberated.   If none of this makes sense ... well, see the movie. I'm staying home. I didn't want a videographer at my wedding, either. I can't imagine any movie topping the real thing.   (By the way, I'm seeing it on Friday.)  __________________________________  (Making of a Mircale on Ice)  Sure, they were just costumes in a movie. But pulling on those 1980 USA Olympic hockey sweaters for Disney's new movie "Miracle'' was a little more inspiring than, say, putting on a pair of Hobbit pants.    "I remember when we were auditioning,'' said Patrick O'Brien Demsey, who portrays Mike Eruzione. "We were standing in the hallway at the last audition and I said, 'I hope I get the part because I can't wait to put on that USA sweater.' And Mike Mantenuto just looked at me and said, 'You are Eruzione.'   "Miracle" director Gavin O'Connor giving -- what else-- directions on set."In the two months we were doing those scenes, I must have put it on a thousand times, and every time it was special. When I got to put on the sweater everyday,'' recalled Mantenuto, "forget that I was filming a movie, that was a dream of mine since I was a boy playing hockey.''   That the USA sweaters held such appeal to Demsey, Mantenuto (who portrays Jack O'Callahan) and the rest of the cast is not surprising. Director Gavin O'Connor insisted on using real hockey players for the movie.   "There was no other way I was going to do it,'' O'Connor said. "I told the studio that. I didn't want to cast actors. You can't get actors to play hockey at the level required. I thought the way to go was to get hockey players born with the acting gene but who didn't know it and teach them how to act.''   O'Connor held tryouts with approximately 4,000 players in six cities to find his players, even holding a combine before finally settling on 80-some players to portray the U.S. and European teams. Almost every actor played hockey in college or the minor leagues (Demsey played college hockey in Boston while Mantenuto played at the University of Maine). For further authenticity, the production team also plotted the actual games on a computer, diagramming the movement of each play and player, then recreating them as closely as possible in front of the cameras at an old rink in Vancouver, B.C.   The result of this attention to hockey detail? Forty enthusiastic thumbs up from the 20 members of the 1980 team. When the movie was screened for several members of the team last month, they regularly burst into applause when goals were scored.   "The hockey scenes are fantastic,'' O'Callahan said. "These guys are real hockey players, the Russians are really good players, the hits, the on-ice action, the body contact -- there is even real blood in this movie if you can believe -- the fisticuffs, the passion, it's all through the movie at every level.''   Actor Eddie Cahill celebrates at the "Miracle" premiere with real-life 1980 team member Jim Craig .The interesting thing is that in re-creating perhaps the biggest moment in American sports history, the player-actors found themselves living their roles more than even Robert DeNiro would attempt.   "We visited the set and we went out together afterwards, and these guys would talk to each other and refer to each and they would use our names,'' O'Callahan said. "Someone would say, 'Hey O.C., what time are you getting up tomorrow?' and we would both say at the same instant, 'About 8.'   "That was the weirdest part for us, to see these guys really take on our roles and personalities.''   Of course, one actor had a long time to study for his role. Billy Schneider portrays his father, Buzz. "I put it on a couple times,'' Schneider says. "We had one of the Russian's jerseys, too, and my brother and I would throw those on and play games. One of us would be dad and the other would be the Russian.''   Not only the players had hockey roots. Kurt Russell, who gives a superb portrayal of coach Herb Brooks, is a former pro athlete whose son, Wyatt, is a promising goalie in Vancouver's youth leagues.   The cast was together almost as long as the actual team was, playing, rehearsing and filming for about half a year in Vancouver. By the end of production, they say, they were more than a cast, they were a team. "We all bonded,'' adds Schneider. "We practiced for a month before filming, just skating and playing hockey, and afterward we went out every night. We wanted to be friends and get the same bonding as a team that they had.''   "Our team of 20 guys has expanded now,'' O'Callahan said. "These guys have connected in such a way, and the fact that Billy Schneider played his dad might have something to do with it, but there is this sort of connection over the generations now that is pretty cool.''   ___________________________________________________________________  We all know Kurt Russell has starred in dozens of movies since he started as a child actor more than four decades ago (playing everyone from Elvis to Snake Plissken to the Computer Who Wore Tennis Shoes) and also is the partner of Goldie Hawn. Less well-known are his sports connections. He was a minor league second baseman in the early '70s, his father, Bing, was a prominent minor league team owner and his 17-year-old son, Wyatt, is a promising goaltender in British Columbia.  Russell was honored to have portrayed Herb Brooks, a man of greatness.Russell also currently stars as Herb Brooks in Disney's new movie about the 1980 U.S. Olympic hockey team, "Miracle.''  During the course of two interviews, one last June on the set of "Miracle'' and one last month, Russell talks about what Brooks and Elvis had in common, what he learned from Jim Bouton and how not to turn a doubleplay ...  1. You portrayed both Elvis and Herb Brooks in movies. Whose clothes would you least like to wear in public, Elvis' gear or Herb's plaid sports coats and pants?  Kurt Russell: You've got that right. They're both cut from the same mold, they both had the same greatness.   2. Where were you when you heard Herb was killed?  I don't remember where I was, I just remember being shocked. I really liked him.   When I first met Herb, he asked me, "Do you have a son named Wyatt? I'm going to see him play.'' Herb was still doing hockey, he was a hockey guy. And I was a hockey dad. That was how we originated our relationship. We knew we would get to talking about the movie experience and how he was feeling about it, but neither one of us cared as much about that as about what was going on right now in real life with a real hockey player -- and one who might be a good one.   And then I spent a couple days with him, talking and researching and trying to recapture him as much as possible and what he was thinking at the time and who he was. I'm glad I had the experience.   3. How was he able to take that team to the gold medal?    Herb Brooks inspired many youngsters to play the game.What he did was put the right guys together. He put a group together that became a team. They were not an all-star team. There were better guys available. But those were the best guys for his approach to the game, which was a hybrid of the Soviet school, the Canadian school and the North American style of hockey. He had to get players with abilities in areas that wouldn't have gotten picked by other coaches. And the players didn't like each other, so he had to give them a common enemy -- which was him. And he had them long enough to get his game through to him and they learned to play it.   They also had the skill level to do it. They gave themselves the opportunity to play well against a great team. In that game against the Soviets, they played fantastic and they were lucky. They were close enough (in ability) that if they got the bounces, they could upset them. And the bounces did go their way.  I think Herb put all those pieces together and made that happen. He drove the players way past any point they had been before, or thought they could get to. He just kept driving them, and they hated him, but they all got to wear gold medals because of him. He literally forced them, against their will much of the time, to be the best they could be.  Herb said to me that it was the loneliest year of his life. I find that interesting, and devastating. We all think of the gold medal and the boys standing on the podium and all that, and then here's Herb, who's relishing the victory and realizing it has changed his life forever, but he's also relieved that the worst, loneliest year of his life has finally come to an end.  4. The real players give your portrayal of Herb the big thumbs up of approval. Were you satisfied?    I'm anxious to hear what his wife, Patty, thinks. My thing is I wanted Herb to see it. And that's not going to happen now. I'll take what everyone else says but I would love to have heard what Herb thought. He was hard to please.   5. Living the role of Brooks, does it make you start coaching your own son?  No, he's playing real hockey. I'm just acting.  6. You were an athlete yourself. You played minor league baseball for several seasons before a rotator cuff injury ended your baseball career. How serious were you about baseball?   I was serious enough to be leading the Texas League (in hitting) when I got hurt. Sandy Alomar was hitting .138 and I was in the middle of a pretty good year. I made the All-Star team and I was a second baseman who could turn the doubleplay and hit. It was what I did. The fun part of my life was that everyone in baseball knew me from baseball. They didn't understand what I was doing with the acting thing. The acting was what was strange to them.   I played ball from when I was a kid. It's just always been in my family. My dad had minor league teams. My great grandfather was a great ballplayer. I played it as long as I could. And I always thought I could do both. I wasn't really serious about acting -- I was serious about baseball. I don't know if it was more important to me than acting but I was a young man, 22, and I had geared up to play pro ball from the time I was 13 or 14. The acting was something that just came along. But I made good money acting, so it wasn't something that I was just going to put aside and pretend it didn't exist.   7. How did you injure the shoulder?   Kurt Russell and Patricia Clarkson showed off their chemistry on screen.It was a couple things. I used to throw batting practice a lot, and with some injuries on the team, I was playing all the time which I hadn't been earlier, and with throwing batting practice, I think my arm was somewhat tired. But I got hit high on a doubleplay just as I turned it, and it surprised me because we were way ahead in the game and I thought the runner would turn off to right field. So it was my fault. I kind of lackadaisically came across the base and he hit me high. I didn't know what happened but the next thing I knew I was laying flat on my back.   It didn't really hit me how bad it was hurt at the time. I went out that night and played air hockey and I began to feel my arm bothering me. The next day throwing batting practice it didn't feel right and over the next week it just got worse. Frank Tanana told me, "I think you've torn your rotator cuff." I said, "What are you talking about?'' I didn't know what a rotator cuff was, it wasn't that well known back then. Frank said, "Yeah, I know what that is. I think you've torn it and I think you might be done.'' And I was like, yeah, sure.  I went back to L.A. a couple days later and went to the Jobe clinic and the doctor did an arthrogram on me and he looked at the arthrogram and he looked at me and he said, "Aren't you also an actor?'' And I said, Yeah. And he said, "Well, you're an actor all the time now.''   8. Ballplayers being ballplayers, did they give you any grief about your film career?  Most of the ballplayers that I played with, knew me from baseball. The acting thing to them was like, 'Yeah, I don't know why he does that.' Ballplayers used to say, 'You must meet a lot of girls in movies. Can you get me into that?' They always wanted me to get them into it.   Whenever I went to play somewhere where they didn't know me as a player, me and my teammates would get a kick out of watching them, because the other team would be like, 'Hey, that guy can really play.'' I got a kick out of the stands when they would heckle me and I would take the energy from that.  I watched that a little bit with Wyatt this year. I'd ask him if he got any crap out there and he'd say, yeah a little bit. But I taught him to just use it, use it against them, and it gives you a competitive edge. The first year they ran him hard and they realized he could play and it wasn't working, and that he was just another player.   I always realized that it was a unique situation, though. For me, if I was playing for El Paso today and Leonardo DiCaprio was playing second base, I'd go, "What's going on here?''   9. Is there anything in acting that recaptures the thrill of sports competition?   Russell with his longtime love Goldie Hawn at the "Miracle" premiere. No. This is a different world. You're trying to create a show, to recreate reality, you're inventing. It's creativity. It's like painting, it's fun. But for any guys playing sports at a high level -- playing it for money -- well, I can't put my finger on it, but in a man's world of sport, there is something visceral to beating another man.   10. What was your best moment as a ballplayer?   There were two, really. One was in 1977 when I was in Portland with my dad's team (the Mavericks), a couple years after the injury and I was done playing ball, and I was just up there finishing out the year as a DH. Jim Bouton was on the team and it was the final game of the season, and it was in the seventh or eighth inning of a close game and we were both in the dugout and I was getting ready to hit. And I remember turning to Bouton, and I said, "This is great." And looking at him, I could see he was really enjoying himself. And he said, "Is there any other place you would like to be right now?'' And I said, "I know, what you mean. But you pitched in the World Series.'' And he said, "It doesn't make any difference. This is just as good as anything I ever did. Because it counts. Because it's right now." I remember thinking, "Yeah, it doesn't matter, it's just whatever importance you place on it."  And I've always taken that with me. Even if I was just playing golf by myself and having a really good round, or if I could break my personal best, that moment would become just as meaningful to me as anything else.  There was another moment earlier in my career when I struck out four times in a game, and I knew, I just KNEW that was the last game I would ever play in. I went to the ballpark the next day and I was in the lineup. And I said, "Well, hell, THIS is the last time. They're tossing me a bone here but this is the last game." So I went out to take infield and BP and then the national anthem started to play and I said to myself, "I'm just going to enjoy this. I'm not going to think about the future or the past. I'm just going to go out there and enjoy myself.'' And literally, something went through me and I got three hits that day and things turned around. But I remember realizing right then. THAT'S what they know. THAT'S what the good players know. That you have to just stand back and enjoy it. And I never had a bad day after that. If I had an oh-fer or something, it didn't mean anything because tomorrow was always another day.   I sort of learned an important lesson that I would like to pass on to my son or anyone else who wants to play sports for a living. Whenever the opportunity comes, whatever it is, enjoy it. Just enjoy it. Whatever the outcome may be, it's going to be, but as long as you're enjoying it, you're giving yourself a chance to perform at your best level.