          All the hype is over and it is time for the game to be played.   It's the Super Bowl and you know you'll watch. Doesn't matter if it's the Dolphins and the Cowboys of old or today's Patriots and Panthers. You'll watch. You can't help it -- unless the dip runs out at halftime.  Acknowledge that the Super Bowl is a guilty pleasure and INDULGE.  Feel free.  Do not pretend like you might not watch on Sunday because New England Patriots vs. Carolina Panthers does not interest you.  Because you know you will.  Who are you talking to?  Who are you kidding?  The matchup could be Arizona Cardinals vs. San Diego Chargers.  You'd watch.  The game could be played in the middle of a cornfield in Dubuque.  You'd watch.  The announcers could be Carrot Top and your mother-in-law.  You'd watch.  Especially if you had money on the game, but that's another story.  If it's the Super Bowl, and there's a Roman numeral on it, you WILL watch.  Some people claim they DON'T watch the Super Bowl, but they cannot be trusted. They are the same people who try to seem superior to you by bugling the fact they do not own a TV. The kind of people who take insane pleasure in claiming they have ne ver heard of Clay Aiken.  Ya feel me?  The Super Bowl is the Super Bowl, whenever, wherever, whomever.  The Super Bowl is bigger than you, bigger than me, bigger than a dull matchup, bigger than a rotten game, bigger than Refrigerator Perry after a big meal.  Sunday's game will be seen in 229 countries and territories, by a worldwide audience of around 1 billion.  You want to know how big the Super Bowl is?  Picture a woman in Botswana, second-guessing that call on third-and-8.  Picture a man in Papua New Guinea, remarking how cute Tom Brady is.  The U.S. television audience alone on Sunday will top 130 million.  Fathom that number.  President Bush marrying Elvis on the last episode of Friends wouldn't draw 130 million.  A 2003 study named the NFL as the world's fourth-largest brand in terms of licensing at $3.1 billion per year. (First: Disney.) Hallmark determined that the Super Bowl has officially surpassed New Year's Eve as America's biggest excuse for a party. The food industry ranks only Thanksgiving as a day when more grub will be consumed nationally than on Super Bowl Sunday. Houston's economic impact from hosting this year's game is expected to exceed $300 million.  By any measurement, the NFL and its Super Bowl are King Sport.       Panthers Over Patriots By 3. 24-21