           The Roaring Lions     1946 film.....for brandy  As film ages, it often becomes context and with Jean Cocteau's "Le Belle et la Bete," context is almost all that is left. One must consider that the film was made on a small budget in post-war France in 1946, and judge much of its acting and story and visuals by this point. Also to be considered is how more recent versions of the story have drawn upon this telling. One must see it within the context of its nation of origin. And one must see it within the context of Cocteau's life and work.   The most important aspect of the film which remains intact is its visual sense. In reinventing the story, Cocteau began with a simple titles sequence where words were written on a blackboard. Cocteau even stops these proceedings for a moment, to remind us that we are seeing a film and that we are about to see a story that he is interpreting in his own inimitable style.   For much of the film's beginning, it is fairly straight- forward story telling. Belle is living in near-poverty with mean sisters and valiant suitors in what seems to be the 1700's. She places her love of her father above her own happiness and gets placed in the hands of the beast for her troubles.   The film delves into fantasy and, by extension, expressionism when Belle's father accidentally wonders through the forest at night and ends up in the clutches of the beast. Here we begin to sees Cocteau's beautiful imagery. The Beast's palace is weird, eerie and unique. Human arms jut from the wall, their hands holding candles to light the way; Silent, ashen faces peer from the wall, sculptures come to life which leer wordlessly at the proceedings; Doors open majestically by themselves. Cocteau creates these images masterfully and the film breathes with a silent-era beauty and imagination that recalls early German silent expressionism while it also anticipates CGI by numerous decades. It also seems vaguely reminiscent of a little Disney film in the early 90's where teacups and grandfather clocks came to life.   When the Beast appears, he too is a marvelous creation of new and innovative techniques. The make-up and appearance of the character dwarfs the special effects of the era immensely. In the context of the year it was released, movie audiences had probably never seen a more stunning and awesome creature on the screen. It looks amazing.   Cocteau wanted to reveal poetic beauty utilizing film and numerous moments in "La Belle et la Bete" point to this. Cocteau's poetic ideals worked well with film and it seemed the perfect starting point for the artist to begin his cinematic exposition of the ideal. This film and this began a string of four films in the late 1940's which worked within the context of this thesis and culminated with the masterful "Orphee" (AKA "Orpheus") in 1949.   While uniquely Cocteau and therefore somewhat uniquely French, "La Belle et la Bete" suffers in modern day screenings from its stylistic yet modest approach to story and character. Every character is rather simplistically drawn and, since this is an adult re-telling, seems quite one- dimensional. We never understand the reasons behind Belle's affections for the father, her suitor or the beast. In fact, she seems a bit of a hypocrite at times. Within these same characterizations, we also find it rather difficult to accept the love story here The Beast never does anything that we find romantic but, by the same token, Belle never does anything that seems to warrant his desire. Much of this ruins what is a fascinating and visually stunning film.   As it stands, in 2002, Cocteau's "La Belle et la Bete" is a interesting document, a period piece that only piques interest in a talented artist embarking on a short but extremely important career as a filmmaker.