         Aw, yeah! it's footbal season baby! pump it up! I'm hyper, it's draft day, the start of the Miami dolphins 04-05 Championship season Great selection in teh first round for the phins, Vernon Carey out of the U!  Stays right here in miami, baby sapp. Hopes he lives to be just like Mr.Sapp.  Anyways went out to play football (NFL) for a couple of hours, goddamn i'm good. when i get pumped for a game, i'm DAMN good. i'm damn good at anything when i want to, something i've noticed, so teh dolphins are 3 picks away from going again, i think their going O-line. Goddamn i miss mich. and Brandy. i'm an Uber Dork, and what. This mood i'm in is wicked rad, though michelles in KW. so I ahve NO ONE to talk to which sucks major ass. Someone step up to the plate and call me! no one reads this anymore, cause I never post in it, but c'mon! can't blame me. Iunno what i'mma do this summer. Eat shit and that's it probs.  w.e. One two three dominate (took me three minutes to type all that, it's 9:35, ommercial break, still on pick 84)  OK! Denver's on the clock now, 85th pickand their still on commercia's, i'm using the online version now. Let me go check for the score to the Kings- Mavs game.  found it, blow out, 100-78, w.e., switching abck to NFL coverage (9:37)  two minutes of commercials? goddamn.i've seen the same gatorade ad five times today. Jesus.  YES! IT'S 9:40 since the NFL Draft started and we're a mere six minutes away from the dolphins SECOND pick. Fucking hell htey need to speed this shit up.  ok They've picked we're one pick away from teh phins pick!  Brandy I love you! that was random.... Sofia called me thinking she had called her mom. Never a good sign...  dooby doooby doo.  that's also not a good sign. BTW, my lips are chapped. I should really run tomorrow...Nah.  Commercial for Madden 2005 Hell yeah.  Momentarily panicking as Miami is not on the clock GB is instead. WTF!? DID WE JSUT GIVE AWAY A PICK! NO! I'M KILLING SOMEONE FOR THIS. yeah we traded down to tomorrow. I wasted my staurday.  amazing. I think we got their 4tha and 5th so it should be a much more productive draft tomorrow. Giving them a C for moving stupidly today.  Jsut came down the Dolphins message board.  "102 & 153. A 4th & 5th. The the 6th pick in the 4th round and the 25th in the 5th round"  "Packers-Dolphins  Packers get: Miami's third-round pick (No. 87), which they used to select Ohio State P B.J. Sander.  Dolphins get: Green Bay's fourth-round pick acquired from Jacksonville (No. 86) and its fifth-round pick (No. 153). "  good ol message board, switchign to teh Nggets- wolves game then...fuck it goodnight