         Fantasia or Diana? Diana or Fantasia ... I didn't care.   Once "American Idol" eliminated the red-headed John Stevens, I deemed the show sexist and refused to ever watch it again. Compared to Ruben and Clay, Fantasia versus Diana was like pitting a Kimmel-Corolla episode against the newer Rogan-Stanhope set-up on the "Man Show." No contest. There are more important things going on this week than anything in which Ryan Seacrest is involved.   Disney's "Miracle" came out on DVD this week. The story of the 1980 United States Olympic hockey squad; it is a wonderful tale of overcoming the odds, working as a team and making dreams come true. Along with "Finding Nemo" and the news that Omarosa from the "The Apprentice" is considering an appearance in Playboy, "Miracle" was one of the few things that brought tears to my eyes this year. The hockey action is great; Al Michaels is on top of his game and Kurt Russell plays a superb Herb Brooks.  However, this wasn't the first time the folks over at Disney put together such a formula. In fact, as much of a "miracle" as the 1980 Olympic team's conquest was, it doesn't hold a candle to the one that occurred in District Five of Minneapolis's Midget Hockey League in 1992. That's right, the fairy-tale story of Gordon Bombay's troops in Disney's "The Mighty Ducks" is the possibly the greatest miracle story of all. Where my father's generation sees "Slapshot" as the premier hockey movie of all time, my era looks no further than this Disney classic.   First, let's just look at exactly what this team did. After starting the season 0-11, they went on to, not only win the league championship, but defeat the Hawks -- a squad that won the last eighteen straight years -- in the finals  Tom Kelly's 1991 Twins may have gone from worst to first, but it had nothing on these mighty Ducks. Sure, Anna Nicole Smith's turnaround after TrimSpa is impressive, but the kids of D-5 were 0-11! Hell, the Ducks story was so phenomenal, it spawned an actual NHL Franchise!  This team was truly a ragtag bunch. It consisted of an obese goaltender scared of pucks named Goldberg, multiple "cake-eaters" and a pair of figure-skating siblings. The Ducks' original uniforms included football helmets, shin guards made of newspaper and names written in Sharpee marker over strips of masking tape. Even the Atlanta Hawks lime-green retro jerseys the team wore this year weren't as bad as these.   Emilio Estevez plays hotshot lawyer Gordon Bombay, who, after getting hit with a driving under the influence charge, is forced by his boss to take some time off and coach a youth hockey team. Bombay, while fighting his own personal hockey demons, learns the meaning of teamwork, "fair play" and love through his experience with the Ducks.  But, the beauty of this movie lies in its wonderful oddities. First off, the Ducks make the playoffs only because the entire Panthers team is stricken with measles.   Next, their main scorer is Fulton Reed, a man-child off the streets who makes Danny Almonte look like a baby. Here we are in an under-12 league, and this kid has more absurd facial hair than a wolf. Reed had a slapshot like Al Macinnis, and broke multiple car windows with his power.   However, the most intriguing subplot of "The Mighty Ducks" possibly lies within the romance between Bombay and team captain Charlie Conway's mother. How does Conway, a fragile kid as it is, focus on mastering the "triple deke" when his beloved coach is out trying to score his mother?   Of course, "The Mighty Ducks" also introduced the world to the wonder that is better known as Joshua Jackson.   Yes, the same young man who would later star as Pacey Witter in "Dawson's Creek," originally was a Mighty Duck. This raises some necessary questions: If Charlie Conway missed that final penalty shot in the movie, would Jackson end up kissing Katie Holmes? Would his face be on that "Seventeen" cover? So many questions left unanswered.   The "Flying V," the "Adam Banks Controversy" and a Mike Modano cameo all make "The Mighty Ducks" a fixture in any sports fan's DVD collection. This week, I plan add "Miracle" to my personal stash. But, I won't lose sight of the other "miracle." The one that occurred in Minnesota, not Lake Placid.