32, huh?  Youngster  ;)  Why don't I support Kyoto?  A)  I still not accept that there is global warming.  We have hard data going back about 100 years.  Before that, the information is pieced together from journal entries and assumptions of temperatures and oxygen levels taken from ice cores.  100 years - longer than the average lifespan - is not even a tick on the cosmic clock.  The Earth has seen at least one ice age that we know of.  Climate changes in cycles.  How do we know that  if  there is indeed global warming that we are the cause.  We do not have enough data to state that with any kind of scientific certainty.  (I define a scientific certainty as something that happens almost all the time - like gravity; hold an object over the edge a building and let go.  99.9999999999999% of the time it will fall down) B)  Let's assume that there is global warming.  The first time I recall that term being used, I was in 9th or 10th grade.  At that point, the experts said that if we did not do anything, that the polar ice caps would melt within 20 years and that the oceans would rise 100 feet.  You know what?  That was 17-18 years ago.  The last I knew, the Outer Banks are still there.  Manhattan is still there.  My point is, the have been predicting the apocolypse for nearly 20 years and it has not happened.  Again, assuming that global warming is real.  What effects will that have, and what will nature do to counter it?  If carbon dioxide is the real culprit here, then nature already has a built in ability to fight it - plants and photosynthesis.  An oft forgotten fact from your 10th grade biology class is that plants do indeed breath oxygen (as does any living organism).  Of course, plants also absorb CO2 and light and convert that to glucose (I think) and oxygen.  They release more oxygen than they use.  If the temperatures get warmer, the growing season for plants will increase, allowing them more time to do their thing (not to mention increase food production).  "But John, we are cutting down forests and paving over farmland!".  That is so, but that is not what Kyoto addresses.  I am for slower, more controled growth, with more green space requirements. C)  I am an American.  I like the culture and freedom we have.  I like the prosperity of the country.  Kyoto would severly damage that.  By making us reduce our CO2 levels to below what they were 10 years ago, our economy would be wrecked.  Yes, there may be an increase in some sectors (those that make the expensive new "green" technology), but not enough to counter the industries that get destroyed by it (cars and manufacturing).  Kyoto does not equitably place a burden on all countries.  The US is by far the hardest hit by Kyoto's requirements. Who do you think runs the dirtiest power plants?  The US with the EPA hawking ever molecule that comes out of a smokestck or some developing country with no environmental controls at all?  Yet, who is forced to make the biggest changes? D)  Again, assuming that there is global warming.  I have not ever heard anyone discuss what effect the 6 billion humans have on this.  We have to be putting out an awful lot of CO2.  We have more than doubled the population of the Earth in the last 100 years.  That has to have some direct effect as well as many secondary (like more need for resources and manufactured products) E)  Because global warming would allow me to play golf all year long.