and now, the moment you've all been waiting for... the  Circle Of Irony Lack Of Participation Awards!   now that the 6-month anniversary of the Circle Of Irony has come (and gone), it's time to recognize those members of the Circle who have better things to do than posting to the blog.  without further adieu, let's take a look at the winners:   3rd Place goes to  Scott Moran , who has only posted twice!   Let's take a look:   So how does this damn thing work anyway? posted by Scott Moran at 2:02:25 PM    and who can forget his next (and final) post:   Ah, crap. It is posting my name and not my selected screen name. Blast this new fangled technology! posted by Scott Moran at 2:03:41 PM    Enthralling!  Let's move on to our 2nd place winners, a three-way tie between  Shannon Erwin ,  Mark Wells  and  Leslie Louick , all of whom have only posted  once !  Read on for their contributions to the forum:   I have not seen Episode II yet so cannot actively participate in the current thread, but I just wanted to let everyone know that I am present and accounted for, and thanks to Ben for inviting me back into the sandbox. I had missed our discussion threads and I now feel loved once again. You like me! You really really like me right now! sniff sob sputter posted by Shannon Erwin at 1:59:37 PM   and how!      Ben, does this mean that you're now living in New York? I never seem to hear about anything that happens on the east coast anymore. posted by Mark Wells at 3:21:06 PM    and the coup de grace:   OK, OK, I finally joined! posted by Leslie Louick at 5:32:30 PM    Wise words all!  But let's not forget our first place winner,  Jason Haley , who despite being an official member of the Circle Of Irony  has never posted a single message!   props to your ironic detachment, my brother!   honorable mention must go out to  Chris King  and  Leigh Amateau , who have been repeatedly invited to the blog, but have never joined.  you guys!     Congratulations to all our winners.   You have a life!