That's nothing! You should have heard him at 5:30 in the morning on the radio....  Ask him about backwards masking the Tiffany song!  Mir -- thank you very much for the invite, but I will have to regretfully decline as I will be in Los Angeles.  Now, Mr. Shipley:  1) Mr. McVeigh ensured a seared national psyche by getting caught -- without the pulpit of the witness stand and the magnification of the media feeding frenzy, we (Mr. and Mrs. Joe Sixpack) would never have known that a small fringe group of dissatisfied citizens feels strongly enough about the state of our nation that they would resort to such a horrific statement. Perhaps now, we can identify with the British a little better. It's always a shock to find out that someone is so dissatisfied with the status quo they react with such a base emotion as violence.  2) Christians everywhere should never, ever forget that the Bible was written by the post-Roman Empire equivalent of the white-guy-of-european-descent. If you ever want a fascinating look at politics, read up on the politics behind the formation of the New Testament. What strikes me about the whole "in his own image" issue is what the 2000 year struggle between the teachings of Christ (love thy neighbor) and the age-old human nature (do unto your neighbor before he can do unto you) says about the image of God....  3) I disagree with you on this point -- from our comfortably 21st Century agnostic-leaning perspective, it's easy to lump everyone who wasn't a native in the Puritan camp. Religion was much stronger back then, and our Founding Fathers found it as difficult to create the institutions of our government without God's influence as we would have today building an empire sans automoblie -- it's just so pervasive that it affects everything at such a level as to be inseperable. "But what about the separation of church and state," you ask? The context there is the religious persecutions and bloodshed of the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries brought on by the merging of head of state and head of church (see Henry VIII's creation of the Anglican church for the start of that crap!). The Founders wanted a to ensure (wisely) that religion would not be used as state policy. They could not have envisioned a nation without God. Which is why they are all turning over in their graves at the recent "Under God" Pledge of Allegiance debacle. 4) Couldn't agree with you more on this one. Preach on, brother! 5) Mmmm-hmmm.  6) Would you consider the citizen of an empire? 7) Seems to me the only sure way to correct the media-induced self conciousness of women is to remake society as a matriarchy. Think that would do it? 8) Uh. Yeah. Words are like cool and stuff. Heh, heheh. 9) Are you offering advice to those designing AI? Seems a basic insight that would make things better for those poor saps. 10) Is that because everything is advertising, or is that because you are a crusty old CYNICAL bastard??? 11) Next to hot fudge sundae, of course.... 12) And I am grateful for your wonderful, meandering, barely relevant insights.   P.S. Need everyone's help: I can't decide between "What's He Got?" by The Producers and "Talk To Ya Later" by The Tubes as an example the pinnacle of the New Wave sound. Thoughts?