I have not seen the movie, and really had no intention to, but Julie wants to rent it on DVD, so we will rent it at some point.  My reason for not seeing had nothing to do with marketing or what studio produced it.  Since March of 2000, when my daughter was born, our movie watching has dropped dramatically.  Where we used to go to the movies at least every other week, it is know at most one every other month.  From memory, the movies we saw last year were Castaway, Blackhawk Down, SW:II, MIB:II, and Two Towers.  So far this year, we have seen Chicago.  So, that being said, Greek Wedding did not make it onto my extremely short list.  This is not meant to offend or insult anyone, but I find it funny that a film that was aparently not good enough for any of the major studios and became such a mainstream success as an independent film, is disliked by the people who usually like the independent films.  It kind of reminds me of what happened to U2 when most of us were in high school (and Angie still thought boys were gross).  They were liked by a few people (Ben being the one the comes to my mind), and then they got, gasp, popular, and all the people who liked them first suddenly did not want to listen to them.  Johnathan and I have pretty divergent tastes in movies.  Not necessarily in genres, but in what we find enjoyable.  I go to the movie for a couple of hours of escapism, and will usually only have problems with a film because it drags or has gaping plot holes.  From my perspective, Johnathan goes to the movies to see a well produced movie, with a solid plot.  He does not seem to be impressed with eye candy, but more so with the finer details of the film (what kind of lighting, hard vs. soft focus, camera angles, etc).  I, as a fairly mindless member of the general herd, don't notice those things unless they interfere with my enjoyment of the movie.  My general rule is that if the critics love a movie, I don't want to see it.  I have been burned too many times seeing critically aclaimed movies.  As for Jennifer's question about furniture, I have lived in Richmond for 25 years now, and have never heard of the store in question.  Now, it sounds like they make very nice, and assumed to be expensive, furniture.  I don't want to buy something for my house that I will be afraid to use because it might be damaged, especially now with three munchkins cruising around armed with juice and crayons.  So, I will buy stuff from Haynes (at one of their "best sales ever") accepting that it is not as nice, and almost certainly will not last as long, but then be able to replace it when it wears out, and probably be able to still spend less than a nicer store.