hmmm.. why i'm against the war with iraq.  1. there seems to be no defined reason why we are specifically going to war with iraq as opposed to any other nation.  they are other countries which have violated u.n. sanctions and decrees (here in the us we simply don't sign the agreements or ignore them) 2. iraq is not a genuine threat to u.s. interests - which violates the powell doctrine (colin powell) that the u.s. should only enter a war when u.s. interests are clearly at stake - he bases that philosophy on his experiences in vietnam. 3. there is limited public support for this war.  a war without public support is not likely to get the funding it needs to be successful. 4. yes, of course, we could win the war against iraq if all we wanted to do was to bomb it and then leave.however,  bush has said that there will be a regime change.  this will require years of occupation by the u.s. military in order to have a peaceful transition - if one is possible.  after an u.s. invasion - it is likely that muslim fundamentalist will be the most organized and well-funded group in iraq. 5. assuming the u.s. does win this war, the kurds, which at this time mainly occupied the u.n. controlled northern half of iraq, would demand their own country.  this would cause unrest in turkey which has a sizeable kurdish population.  turkey would not want to give up land or anything else to the kurds - the kurds are considered "terrorists" in turkey. 6. as mr. wigglepants pointed out, this also does not solve any of the problems that exist in the middle east.  the islamic population will still believe that the u.s. is occupying muslim lands and should leave.  the palestinians  will still not have a homeland.  the israelis will still be hated by the rest of the middle eastern community.   7. war is wrong unless it is the absolute last resort - diplomacy is still an option. 8.  what gives the u.s. the right to dispose of a leader?  and why just saddam hussein?  where does it go from here?  9. how does this fight the war on terrorism?  will we be safer after this?