Ben - I read some of the article and skimmed other parts.  It takes a little longer than 15 minutes to read it all.  I cannot believe that the author(s) is harping over "discrepancies" of 2-3 minutes on some of these events.  If you take a room full of 30 people and ask then waht time it is, I can almost guarantee that you will get answers that vary plus or minus five minutes from each other.  As far as the opening statement that he knew we were under attack at 8:48, I strongly disagree.  It is very easy to sit here a year and half removed from the attacks and state what we know to be true now.  At 8:48, all anyone knew is that 1 aircraft had crashed into WTC.  At least 1, possibly 2, other aircraft were out of radio contact and were not transmitting on their transponders.  It could have been coincidence (a terrible accident and electrical failures on the planes).  I would not be surprised if the message, as it was passed up from ATC to other people (SS and NORAD), that they insisted on confirmation before taking any drastic action.  That obviously changed when the second plane hit.  As for why Cheney was immediately scooted out of the White House and Bush was not out of the school, think for a minute.  If you were flying over DC (which was difficult before 9/11 and impossible now), you would very easily be able to locate the White House, Capitol, monuments, and other known land marks.  I bet that if you were flying over Richmond, a city you know well, you would have a hard time locating specific non-descript buildings like a school.  Now think about a terrorist, with only basic flying abilities and limited knowledge of the target area.  They would have an extremely difficult time locating the school.  Bush was as safe as he could be at the school.  No plane was going to crash into the school.  The White House was a very likely target.  Cheney was in more immediate danger than Bush.  As for the differences in the accounts by various people, does that really need explaining?  Different people, different priorities, different personalities, different memories.  I don't know who or what this group is, but they sound almost as bad as the French author that tried to say we attacked the Pentagon with a missile.  There is no conspiracy here.  The CIA did not kill JFK.  FDR did not have advanced notice of Pearl Harbor.  Aliens did not crash in Roswell (ok, I might not believe that one).  Monica Lewinski was not a plant by the Vast Right Wing Conspiracy.  The US Navy did not shoot down TWA 800.  Did I miss any?