  						    yuggoth  - fungi demon lord?  starting to invade higher reaches of underdark.  why?  possibilities:  - demons in general emboldended by wane of magic and the rise of human conflict; seeking to take advantage of both  - freed from imprisonment from magical ward, failed now from magic's wane / seismic activity / zhenterum foolishness  - seeking to infect at least one creature which might be able to leave local group, thereby preserving its essence prior to when the thulos / cthulhu conflict comes to a head  - fleeing from something worse down below    ian  - not of the blood of tilvernus - not of this world? - union of father castillian and sister jara.  castillian in ethereal plane.  is he not of the blood of tilvernus as well?  is he from beyond the local group?  and/or sister jara?  master po knows more of ian's  - heritage?  potential?  origins?   will possibly guide ian to greater power / energy / etc.   manticore cave from 2 years prior - what was the object that master po picked up?  where (when?) was the place we had been transported to?   other caves with manticore imagery - suggested human presence long before what was know - some caves were gone when we tried to visit them again.   possible connection with original manticore cave?  displacement of time and space?   group has been  teleported  on several occasions through time and space. how?  possibilities:  -  zhenterum  meddling (at least one chronomancer exists; maybe more?)  - general instability of faerun magically / physically due to 'local group' issue  - someone in the group - nexus of some sort?  luc?  rhanellous?   what happened to the  obliat ?  connection to dragon's graveyard?  have others tried to get it before, or to graveyard?  such as: zhenterum, shadow of simerius, demon lords?   what happened to all the  dragons ?  if dragons and faeries were the first inhabitants of faerun, what were the next?  when did manticore appear?  manticore from somewhere else?  did this happen before or after the removal of faerun from the prime material plane into the local group?   where did the  elves  go?  did they know about the local group situation?  did it predate their depature from the human occupied lands?   was there a falling out between their race and the drow?   how do the  illithids  figure into all this?  there are apparently evil and less evil (benevloent?) kinds - do they truly seek to rule faerun?  if so, how?  what if any allies to they possess?  zhenterum and harpers have much ancient and magical knowledge - will / have the illithids attempt to join / ally / subvert / infiltrate / destroy either group to further their own ends?   is  party X  good or evil? sinister or just meddlesome?  do they possess power to be reckoned with?  have the zhenterum approached them?   can  lividia  be beaten by the likes of us, or should we ally ourselves with others before taking her on?   all those of the  blood of tilvernus  in the group have departed said group.  coincidence?   this bloodline is physically powerful in at least one way:  used it to permanently seal the "beast" in the ruined tower(?) near shadowdale.   will the blood be used again for similiar uses?   is anyone seeking us out for this very reason?  was tilvernus a god, demi-god or powerful hero?  when did he walk faerun - before or after the creation of the local group?  what others of his ilk strode our lands in times past?   what are the  harpers ' true intentions?   are they any better than the zhenterum?  seem more benevolent, compassionate - connection to aden's patron deity?  is ian becoming / considered as a harper, by virtue of wearing the pin?      						  </post>