Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, but when  they lit a fire in the craft, it sank - proving once  and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat  it, too.   Two boll weevils grew up in South Carolina. One went  to Hollywood and became a famous actor. The other  stayed behind in the cotton fields and never amounted  to much. The second one, naturally, became known as  the lesser of two weevils.   A three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the Old  West. He sidles up to the bar and announces: "I'm  looking for the man who shot my paw."   This guy goes into a restaurant for a Christmas  breakfast while in his home town for the holidays.  After looking over the menu he says, "I'll just have  the eggs Benedict." His order comes a while later and  it's served on a big, shiny hubcap. He asks the  waiter, "What's with the hubcap?" The waiter sings,  "O, there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise!"    When she told me I was average, she was just being  mean.   A neutron goes into a bar and asks the bartender, "How  much for a beer?" The bartender replies, "For you, no  charge."   Two atoms are walking down the street and they run  into each other. One says to the other, "Are you all  right?" "No, I lost an electron!" "Are you sure?"  "Yeah, I'm positive!"   Did you hear about the Buddhist who refused his  dentist's Novocain during root canal work? He wanted  transcenddental medication.   A group of chess enthusiasts checked into a hotel and  were standing in the lobby discussing their recent  tournament victories. After about an hour, the manager  came out of the office and asked them to disperse.  "But why?," they asked as they moved off. "Because,"  he said, "I can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open  foyer."   A hungry lion was roaming through the jungle looking  for something to eat. He came across two men. One was  sitting under a tree and reading a book; the other was  typing away on his typewriter. The lion quickly  pounced on the man reading the book and devoured him.  Even the king of the jungle knows that readers digest  and writers cramp.   There was a man who entered a local paper's pun  contest. He sent in ten different puns, in the hope  that at least one of the puns would win.  Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.   A guy goes to a psychiatrist. "Doc, I keep having  these alternating recurring dreams. First I'm a  teepee; then I'm a wigwam; then I'm a teepee; then I'm  a wigwam. It's driving me crazy. What's wrong with  me?" The doctor replies: "It's very simple. You're two  tents."   A woman has twins and gives them up for adoption. One  of them goes to a family in Egypt and is named "Amal."  The other goes to a family in Spain; they name him  "Juan." Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself  to his mom. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her  husband that she wishes she also had a picture of  Amal. Her husband responds, "But they are twins -- if  you've seen Juan, you've seen Amal."