Ben - Honestly I did not read the entire article.  When I started seeing where it was going with the tone of it being a Republican/republican conspiracy AND saw that I was maybe a third of the way through, I did stop reading.  I tried to be clear that I was not attcking Ben Haley directly with my thoughts on the response to the 2000 elections by saying the collective you.  I used your name just to make sure you saw it, since you posted the original article.  I apolgize for the force of my reposne, but it set me off yesterday.  I get a little tired of the "corporations are evil" and "corporations have the Republicans in their pockets" attitudes.  Assuming for a moment that the second is true (which I do not agree with since most corporations grease the palms of just about any politician, regardless of party affiliation, to make sure they have access to power brokers),  a corporation is going to do what it can to make sure it stays profitable.  To assist with that, they need to be able to influence politicians.  It is generally easier to influence someone to you point of view if they are already close to it to begin with.  Conservitives tend to favor less taxes and less government than liberals.  This fact automatically puts the corporations more towards the conservatives.  The voting machines/software/hardware have to be made by someone.  The entities that can most easily do it are corporations.  Let's say for a second that a bunch of hackers got together and made some apparently good software.  Should the software be mistrusted because the hackers tend to be less concerned with laws of society?  Not if it works.  Now, the whole restriction on who can review the raw data, uh-uh, that is bogus.  I can see making the non-corporate personnel signing a non-disclosure agreement about whatever they see in the guts of the machine, but the integrity of the system has to come first.  And not using the full capabilities of the software (thermal imaging to keep track of what part of the screen was touched), why bother having it if you are not going to use it.  My main umbrage was the implied tone of the article that Republicans are pulling all these strings behind the scenes and that we are all evil bastards complicit in the grand conspiracy to make sure we are in control.  I initially thought you sneaked a Salon.com article by me.  I was a little shocked to see that someone in the UK would be that interested in our politics.  Again, Ben, I apologize if you thought my response was directly aimed at you.  I can see why you would think that (since I did use your name in my first sentence), but it really was not.  Now, if you will please excuse me while I attend my weekly strategy meeting for keeping the masses under control....