All batteries eventually die. The iPod battery is quite replaceable; various vendors are available online. You can do it yourself, or Apple can do it for you. Battery life, of course, depends on individual use. Owners of the original generation of iPods are doing fine on the boards.   i just got off the phone with a representative at Apple.  here's the story: up until literally a  week  ago (!), anyone whose internal iPod battery died had to pay (at the very least)  $250.00  to have the unit serviced, regardless of what was wrong with it; which, of course, is almost as much as buying a new one (they run about 3, 4 and 5 hundred dollars each, depending on the GB).  as you might have guessed, consumers weren't too happy with the cost, so Apple finally relented (as i said, just about 7 days ago), and began offering a "battery exchange program" for those whose iPod batteries died.  the cost of this service is  $99.00, plus shipping and handling .  to have your battery replaced, you are required to  mail your iPod back to the company , and they may send a replacement unit back instead of your original, depending on their workload.  the nationwide Apple stores cannot replace your battery, and according to the company, neither can the owner; the internal battery is  not  being offered for individual sale by Apple.  a second option is to purchase Apple's "iPod Protection Plan" for  $59.00 .  this will cover battery replacement for up to 2 years, but you must still send the iPod back to Apple for the same aforementioned service.  after the 2 years of the plan are up, you're back to the $99.00 charge for battery replacement.   despite the company's assertions to the contrary, however, there  is  a non-Apple site that you can buy a replacement iPod internal battery from:   iPodbattery.com , for about $50 apiece.  they even include online instructions on how to install it, for the   old  and   new  models.   average life span of the iPod's internal battery, according to Apple:  1 year with heavy use, 2 years with light use.    it's a brilliant marketing scheme; charge the consumer 3 to 5 hundred dollars for your initial product, and then another hundred bucks every 1-2 years after to keep it running.    i gotta admire them for their chutzpah at the very least, especially with the competition undercutting them by about 50 bucks.  perhaps they figure that the average consumer either won't know any better, or will be unwilling to install the battery themselves...?