JLS: in regards to the protests against Bush's visit to England, you said:    "A shame that 200,000 people organized themselves only to express anger.  Such honest effort and energy expended to no end other than brief catharsis."   Nick responded to your conclusions.  What did you think of his response?  Do you agree with his take on the protest?    OK, on to the 'Bush unwelcome'. I take the point that a Stop the War protest seems a little pointless about a war that's over, but a) it's not like we were protesting the Boer War or something; there's still shooting and air bombardment going on in Iraq; and b) that wasn't the point of the march anyway.   It was from all kind of angles, but all focusing on Bush and the fact that the 200,000+ people there didn't want to be counted amongst a 'silent majority' welcoming him to Britain and, by extension, tacitly approving his various charming exploits, from Iraq through the clamp-down on civil liberties in the US to 'missile defense', the Kyoto protocol, his stance on the ICC (the International Criminal Court, not the online chess site), illegal holding of prisoners, including British citizens, at Guantanamo Bay and the little fact of his having seized power in the world's most powerful country and our most important ally, with a flagrant disregard for democracy.   It was also a protest against Blair's offering up our country as 'the mother of all photo-ops' (not my phrase - comes from the ex-Foreign Secretary) to the incumbent during his re-election year. As the head of the Labour Party, it seems pretty perverse of our Prime Minister to grant such a PR boost to a pretty extreme Republican administration.    You also said:   "I will repeat the question: What should be done *now*?   Nick responded to this as well: he addressed concerns that people have from many countries, including the US, in regards to Bush's policies in Iraq; it is safe to say that any or all of these issues could and should be addressed immediately.  What is your response to this?  Beyond his list, aren't there a great many other things that can be done now, from changing our tactics in Iraq to overhauling our foreign policy in the middle east overall?    "Oh, yeah, and what to do about Iraq?  Immediate moratorium on any contracts to multinational companies based in any of the invading powers, hand over control to the Arab League with a UN Resolution pledging aid to the restoration of democracy, and invaders to end occupation ASAP.  But I'm just speaking off the top of my head."    Also, your posts regarding different "what do i do with  this  flag?" scenarios were clever and hilarious; it helped point out the absurdity of the whole notion that you can make it illegal to burn or otherwise destroy a symbol, which by its very definition cannot truly be destroyed anyway.  Because IT'S A SYMBOL, damnit, NOT the tangible thing that it represents!