I liked the idea of that as an offence - maybe that could've been a way out of being burned as a witch.  As a non-American blogger I've been a little reluctant to get involved in some of these discussions, particularly the bits about flags, but since I started it (the subject, not the flag-burning) I suppose I'd better say something.  Firstly, I think that the idea of having a law against flag-burning is completely nuts.  The moment you start according a symbol - any symbol - that kind of automatic reverence and protection, you've taken a small but important step towards totalitarianism.   Symbols are kind of fickle - they don't  a priori  represent anything in themselves; it's what they are perceived as meaning or made to represent that's important.  The flag may represent freedom to you, but that doesn't mean freedom is affected by burning it, any more than terror, torture, coersion and death vanish when it's burned by someone to whom it represents those things.  It follows that you can't just argue against flag-burning by ascribing some meaning to the flag and saying that the flag-burner must dissapprove of this meaning.    " by doing so [burning the flag], they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead. The lifestyle that allows them to burn the flag without being arrested or shot ."    Couldn't they be saying just about anything about the US?  Maybe they don't like the choice of milkshakes available there.  It's a little unfair to assume that it's the  positive  things they don't like.  And if they're  really  free to do it, why does taking advantage of that freedom in fact imply any protest at all?  By that logic, having gay sex is a protest against a country that grants the freedom to indulge in it.  I'm sure no-one would say, "by having gay sex, they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead - the lifestyle that allows them to have gay sex without being arrested or shot." (This might be a bad example to anyone reading in Georgia*) That said, I think there are tactical reasons, as a protestor, to avoid burning flags - be they the Stars'n'Stripes, the Union Jack, the Tricolore or the Star of David - unless you're a citizen of the country that flag represents.  Unless your point really is 'I hate all Americans/British/French/Jews', in any of which cases I'd really rather not be marching alongside you, that's the message you're going to put across to people in that country.   I was pleased to note, on the march against Bush, that almost every banner and speaker was careful to differentiate between GWB and the population he claims to represent.  I would have felt uncomfortable if someone had burned an American flag, because of the indiscriminate message that would put across to people watching in the US (Yeah, like it made the headlines).  I have zero sentimental or political attachment to my country's flag, but I still feel if I see it burned overseas that I probably wouldn't be welcome at that particular party (unless it's one of those 'Hindus For The Abolition of Primary Colors' demonstrations - those guys are alright).  OK, on to the 'Bush unwelcome'.  I take the point that a Stop the War protest seems a little pointless about a war that's over, but a) it's not like we were protesting the Boer War or something; there's still shooting and air bombardment going on in Iraq; and b) that wasn't the point of the march anyway.  It was from all kind of angles, but all focusing on Bush and the fact that the 200,000+ people there didn't want to be counted amongst a 'silent majority' welcoming him to Britain and, by extension, tacitly approving his various charming exploits, from Iraq through the clampdown on civil liberties in the US to 'missile defense', the Kyoto protocol, his stance on the ICC (the International Criminal Court, not the online chess site), illegal holding of prisoners, including British citizens, at Guantanamo Bay and the little fact of his having seized power in the world's most powerful country and our most important ally, with a flagrant disregard for democracy.  It was also a protest against Blair's offering up our country as 'the mother of all photo-ops' (not my phrase - comes from the ex-Foreign Secretary) to the incumbent during his re-election year.  As the head of the Labour Party, it seems pretty perverse of our Prime Minister to grant such a PR boost to a pretty extreme Republican administration.  Oh, yeah, and what to do about Iraq?  Immediate moratorium on any contracts to multinational companies based in any of the invading powers, hand over control to the Arab League with a UN Resolution pledging aid to the restoration of democracy, and invaders to end occupation ASAP.  But I'm just speaking off the top of my head.  Er, I'd better go.  *or, Eva informs me, Virginia. Damn it, that's another Christmas tradition that I'll have to miss this year.