         I, Garner: The Viceroy Papers by: Ron Mwangaguhunga  Ah, the spoils of war. I love the smell of Tikrit in the morning ... it smells like victory. Bismark is said to have once remarked that man can neither create nor direct the stream of time. Nonsense. I, Jay Garner, Viceroy of Iraq, will govern Babylon. It is my destiny. Ever since the Kurds hoisted me upon their shoulders and proclaimed me “Little boots.” If only they knew. Alas, the Tigris is not conducive to surfing.  Have sent Rumsfeld a memo to appoint Annie Liebowitz as my official court photographer. I am already practicing bombastic poses in the mirror. We are not going to do this imperialist thing half assed. Who says absolute power corrupts? Probably some loser. So little done, so little to do.  Rummy nixed the Liebowitz idea. Thinks I should be insuring that democracy takes hold. I have decided to favor the woolen tailored suits favored by the European administrators of the nineteenth century.   An Iraqi schoolboy led his class in a rousing chorus of Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries." Damned beautiful. I have been catching up on my reading: Conrad, Eliot.  I have decreed Latin to be the official language in order to break down the cultural and linguistic barriers that have divided the different regions of Iraq. I, Drusus Mosca Bismark Columbus Garner; I, Garner.  As I write this I am reclining on a couch with a hookah. This is the life. I think I will declare myself Emperor tomorrow.  I am now the subject of fascination for the newspaper gossip columns. The entire nation hangs on my every utterance … as it should.  Have decided that my job description – overseeing democracy, supervising construction of schools and water distribution --is more in line with God than Emperor. A theocracy is more efficient than a democracy anyway.  Our domestic staff is diligent and resourceful. Our saucier is noteworthy. Much better than the staff at the Hilton in Kuwait. Then again, back in Kuwait I was just Jay Garner. Now, I am a God.  I am attended by my faithful servant Muhammad. In lieu of Annie Liebowitz, Muhammad is turning out to be an excellent photographer. He constantly raves about my greatness. Tomorrow I will oversee several shrines being erected in my honor. I, Garner.  The Iraqi summer has conspired to make it so that I wear togas all day. Damned fitting, actually. Rummy  and the grocery clerks at Defense have sent an errand boy to collect the bill. I think I will have some fun with him.