          Is Bonnie Fuller Getting a Bum Rap?   Wow. The media is snarky. Whether you are a writer for a newspaper, or a radio DJ, or an editor of a glossy, one thing can be said with certainty:  you, madame or sir, are in a snarky business . And there is no better way to see the snark fly than if your career is advancing at  Mach 10 . Then all the playa hatas come out and hate on you. So you say:  don't negetate ... congratulate .  Or something along those lines.   Anyhoo :  Bonnie Fuller's  career is in   overdrive . However you may feel about Fuller, it is good to see her dump  Jann Wenner ,   on his ass .   My factchecker friend  Tracy  always said that Wenner's enterprises -- Rolling Stone in particular -- are  not  very girl friendly, but that's another story altogether.   Bonnie Fuller drew great media ire for the fact that she was going from US Weekly, a glossy, to American media with -- gasp! --  tabloids ! There was something, oh, I don't know,  louche  about the whole enterprise, you know? One wanted to take a shower after reading that Our Bonnie was going the way of   The Pecker  at   American Media .  No, not our Bonnie ... she's one of us ...  the New York Media Elite !  But Bonnie, who is famous for overworking her employees, is   making quite a go at it , what with all the pilfered editors and the new NY offices of American media and what not.    Already controversy has erupted over running the picture of   Kobe Bryant's accuser . Of course, the media went after Fuller like a pit bull. The problem is, Bonnie Fuller did not approve or disapprove of the publication of the picture: it was an editorial decision made by  Jeffrey Rodack  the Managing Editor of  The Globe . Rodack wrote an interesting (and very oily)   piece for Poynter  defending his decision nto run the picture, and The Corsair blasted him for it (See   Archive ,  November 5, The Corsair ).  So I don''t see what the fuss is about Bonnie Fuller and all that "selling out her sisterhood" chitchat. The only thing I see Fuller as guilty of is overworking her poor employees: hey,  Bonnie , some of your editors and writers and factcheckers  have lives  that do not involve the Lexis Nexis, my little pomegranate!