          Gore Vidal: About to be Gored   I love  Gore Vidal . Always have. He is an essayist at least the equal of  Camus , a   playwright , an actor,   an amateur historian , a wit, a bon vivante, a film director and a one-time candidate for a seat in the U.S. Senate. Vidal is an intellectual in a time when intelligence in a variety of the humanities is quite rare. And he is about to get into the middle of a shitstorm from the right wing.    Matt Drudge  is reporting that Vidal has said in an interview that, " Bush  and  Ashcroft  would be 'hanged' by Founding Fathers; they are 'despots'"  The story is developing but you know how this is all going to play itself out.  Once the story is out, probably later on today, right wing radio will unleash all manner of Old Testament Hell on the aging novelist.  Chris Matthews  will put him on to defend himself. Vidal's lacerating wit will not save him from a vivisection on Fox, on the radio and in the tabloids. Much ado will be made of the fact that he lives most of the year in  Ravello, Italy  and  Hollywood . His patriotism will be called into question (Vidal fought in World War II).   The words " liberal elite " will interject themselves into any sentence concerning Gore Vidal. And his highly controversial statement that the Bush administration knew that the World Trade Center would be attacked ( which I don't believe for one minute) will be brought up.  Finally, Gore Vidal's sanity will be called into question and senility will be hinted at.    The Corsair  had a brief phone encounter with this honorable man of letters. In 1995, while an intern at  The Nation ,  Christopher Hitchens  asked me to fax a story on  Marty Peretz  of the New Republic to  Gore Vidal . Gore Vidal's fax was busy do I called him up to tell him it was coming through. In the background I heard voices and music, apparently Gore Vidal was having a party at his palazzo. "Pronto!" he yelled into the phone, sounding a little sloshed. I told him what was coming, he politely turned on the fax, and that was it. My brush with Vidal.  At that moment my desire to be a writer in the manner of Vidal was strengthened one hundred fold. I wanted to dash of essays  Montaigne -style on Art and Politics and I wanted to enjoy life in all its rich glory.   It is unfortunate that Vidal uses such inflamatory rhetoric during this tense period in American history. The problem with Gore Vidal is that he was born rich and has lived his life where every utterance is taken as God's word, among idolizing students, servants, Presidents ( Kennedy ,  Hillary ?), and socialites ( Jackie O ,  Eleanor Roosevelt ,  Joanne Woodward ). He is for all intensive purposes the eccentric Southern Patriarch straight out of  William Faulkner . Operating out of that kind of fawning cosmos, a person doesn't practice the necessary art of self censorship of the politically incorrect, or even socailly irresponible statement.  Millionaire playboy-editor-journalist  Taki  is exactly the same way. Of course if you mentioned something like this to Vidal, he'd just say you're hopelessly middle class.  Older people tend to get more extreme with age as if all of their ideas past and present had crystallized into a sharp essence. For further reference, check out any talk show with callers that are seniors.  And it is very sad that Gore Vidal is on the brink of being villified at a time he should be resting on his commedable laurels. Sadness all around. I can't bear to watch.