          Is This The End of Dan Rather?     Today's Drudge Report   has as it's headline, " DAN RATHER MAY END ANCHOR RUN NEXT YEAR ." It goes on to say, "Executives plot late '04 departure of CBS star... 'After the election, we are looking at changes,' a top network source tells DRUDGE... "  Wow.  Now,  The Corsair  has to take this with a pinch of salt as Drudge is well known for dropping the ball on big exclusives (remember the "exclusive" that  Eisner  and  Disney  were going to buy  Apple Computer ?)   What a howler in bad reporting .  But this could be true, as Drudge has conservative informants high up in the media Establishment, and Rather's retirement would be major news.  Let  The Corsair  count the ways in which this is a significant development. For one, In 1986, Dan Rather was stalked, pummeled and kicked on a Manhattan sidewalk by a well-dressed man who kept asking "Kenneth, what is the frequency?" On  REM's  1994's Monster album, they viciously (deliciously) parodied the line in their single hit of the same name.This bit of trivia, by the way, is  a propos  of nothing,  The Corsair  just wanted to find a use for that bit of odd arcana.  Rather has been the most hated man in television news--  the antichrist , if you will, embodying the establishment left. His softball rebuttal-free interview with  Sadaam Hussein , a tryant, did not help   reconstruct his image  in my book.  And Conservatives have some cause for this animus. In April 2001, Dan Rather helped raise $20,000 for the  Travis County Democratic Party  in Austin, Texas.   Howie Kurtz  of  The Washington Post  did a front page story, confronting Rather.   The newsman replied to criticism of his journalistic objectivity ( ABC's Jeff Greenfield , for example, once a Democrat, has renounced all partisan activity in the name of journalistic integrity), said he "wouldn't be surprised" if critics use the incident to call him a secret Democrat. "I'm going to get that criticism whether I  deserve it or not."  If conservatives are not fans of Rather, I don't see the left coming to his defense. And lefties are very good about aiding people who are defenseless, even after a roughing up by that well dressed man. But in fact they, too,   find him unpalatable .  All of this begs the question: if neither the left nor the right feels comfortable in Dan Rather's objectivity, then  why is he a Wise Man ? The Corsair always thought it had to be the hair ... that, or the nervous beady eyed creepy-unstable look that he pulls off so well.  UPDATE: Dan Rather, responding to the Drudge rumors, says   "Hell no, I won't go!"