          Madonna Loses Her Accent!   It's official:  Madonna  has lost her faux British accent. Wednesday night, as  The Corsair  sat among family preparing for a big turkey feast, he got a pleasant surprise. On  Jay Leno's  late night show, Madonna dicussed her career not like a 50s movies star, but in a sort of  Los Angeles Valley girl hipster  accent.  What's up with that?  "This is a job," Madonna told Jay she advised  Britney Spears  , "this is not your life."   But the Material girl, with her  red Kabbala string  firmly affixed to her well toned wrist, seemed to slip in and out of her accent. Whenever The Material One was asked, for example, to deliver pronouncements on the state of celebrity or the like ... slowly ... very slowly ... the accent veered back into  Oxbridge  via the  Paramount  lot, circa  The Rat Pack  days. Hmm.   The Corsair  can understand. Madonna, as a "pop artist" and, more specifically, a  singer  is a sort of amorphous self (The Corsair has dated enough "actresses" to know the drama involved in the craft).    Maddy began as a NY downtown hipster by way of the  University of Michigan  (dance) and spoke accordingly in that familiar urban cool patois; then she was  Mrs. Penn  and hid from the paparazzi, demurely, as her id-driven  Marlon Brando  wannabe husband issued unpredictable beat downs accompanied by thuglike Quest For Fire grunts; then she was reinvented in the  Latina  phase (The Lost Years), where La Madonna provocatively hung around attractive gay dancers, played  Truth or Dare , and engaged in  epater le bourgoisie  against our outmoded Victorian sexual mores (excuse  us !);   Now, stroll with me through the gallery of Madonna's hip hop mogul Maverick record era( "Music makes the bourgoisie and the rebel ...") , replete with the overflowing  Cristal ,  Guy Oseary  and  Ingrid Cesares  rubbing up against her on the aquarium dancefloor as sharks and tropical fish frolic underneath unawares, baskeball players undressing,  Jose Canseco  leaving her house at 6am, ah those "bling bling" days in Miami --the blessed  excess ... back, when the Clinton economy was  huuge .    Things have gotten more domestic. Now, Madonna does dinner with  Prince Charles , has   a mansion  and her British babies with overrated underground director  Guy Ritchie .   Is this where the great adventuress Madonna ends her days: shipwrecked on the somewhat ordinary shores of la Isla Bonita?  In Britain, with babies, a moderately successful Britisher husband, eating boiled food and practicing the Kabbala in a draughty old mansion?   The Corsair  cannot help but wonder if   Madge is fed up with Britain . I mean, if she is no longer speaking in the accent, how much longer can the nation  itself  fare in her restless artistic consciousness?   So what will be the next  Madonna Period ? Will it be a melancholic Blue Period, like  Picasso ? Will she have a polo playing period, like the hapless pump-wielding  Sylvester Stallone ? She never really did have a hip hop period -- I mean,   she did "date"   Tupac Shakur  and all, but she was never really immersed. How about a younger guy, Madge, like  Demi's Ashton  or  Cameron Diaz's Justin ?  Who knows with the unpredictable Ms. Ciccone. Who knows, indeed.