          To "Sir" With Grudge    You could just see this one coming from out of the stadium, no?  Keith Richards , rarely the voice of reason, is a downright surly man-beast, a god of a guitar player, who is  hitting the right note   in his devastating criticism of  Mick Jagger , perhaps the coolest man in the world, but, of late, something of a whore, for accepting an honorary title from   the British establishment .  Why does  The Corsair  side with Keith over Mick in this family squabble? Let Keith tell us in his own words, as he did to   Uncut Magazine :  "'I don't want to step out on stage with someone wearing a ----ing coronet and sporting the old ermine,' declared the 59-year-old guitarist.  "I told Mick, `It's a ----ing paltry honour.'  "'I thought it was ludicrous to take one of those gongs from the establishment, when they did their best to throw us in jail.'"  And on that matter Keith Richards is  quite  correct. And  we don't know his from Adam . Recent reports indicate that  Scotland Yard   detectives trumped up drug charges against the Stones -- as well as other rock and roll associates --   in order to get them in prison  as a little love message from the establishment.  At this point Richards, long characterized as the "elder brother" and "conscience" of the Stones, stepped up his rhetoric, hinting that the knighthood was pathetic, beneath Mick, really; and  hypocritical  besides,  to  Uncut :  "I thought it sent out the wrong message ... It's not what the Stones is about, is it?"  "If you're into this s---, hang on for the peerage," Richards sneered. 'Don't settle for a little badge.'"  Jagger's response to the attack in the  Herald Sun , was to describe Richards's views as "endearing" but sometimes "  very irritating ."  The Corsair knows that growing up is selling out -- somewhat, at least; but wouldn't it be a sad world indeed, if His Satanic Majesty, the king of all hellraisers, were to run after a knightship like a cocker spaniel in search of a dog yummy? If rock stars sold their artistic statements to sneaker companies or Jaguar? If 60s icons would win the Presidency and toss aside idealism to legislate by polls?  Oh, who the fuck is Mick fooling,  keemo sabe : the 60s sold itself out  decades  ago.