          Al Sharpton on SNL   Oh  yes  (devilish grin widens, rubs hands together) ...  oh  yes. The funniest guy at the otherwise regrettable Democratic Party debates is taking his shtick  up in Lorne Greene's bitch . The stars are all aligned in forming a cosmic happy face. The wise men are coming from the east bearing gifts of Frankincense and Myrr.  It's Christmastime in the city and on Saturday Night,   Al Sharpton  is going to help us all get a laugh on.   "Paris Hilton," report  Rush and Molloy , "who has canceled all interviews, will join guest host the  Rev. Al Sharpton  and musical guest  Pink  on  Saturday Night Live ." All the better.  That's right:  Al Sharpton's  hosting that countercultural Baby Boomer stronghold   Saturday Night Live .   The Corsair  is   salivating at the thought  of  Harvard Lampoon  writers trying to not trip over themselves writing for the Reverend, who needs little help in cracking up an audience.  There are so many ways we can go with this:    11:32 : Opening Skit. Flashback: Sharpton debates patrician  Senator Daniel Patrick Moynihan  (played deftly by  Darrel Hammond ) for Senate in 1994. A rhyming Sharpton engages in "the dozens," while Moynihan, in vain, tries to steer the debate towards Iatrogenic Government. Hilarity ensues.   11:40:  Al Sharpton medallion skit. The secret origins of Al's eye-catching medallion. Apparently it has come down from from an ancient African civilization of hustlers. The medallion imparts the gift of gab.   11:50:   Al Sharpton: The Early Years . Driving around down south doing doughnuts late at night with James Brown in parking lots. Hair coiffing techniques are discussed.   11:55:  Weekend News. Anchors  Tina Fey  and  Jimmy Fallon , telling Sharpton jokes, are interrupted by ... you got it:  the Rev !  Oh no, they didn't !   12:05:  President Al Skit: What would happen if Al Sharpton won the Presidency?  Pink  Performs "Get The Party Started" at the Inauguration as Al gets his boogie on. Shuttle diplomacy over the East Coast West Coast gang friction. Al brings peace to the Middle East by bringing up his love of James Brown's early music, bringing together  Sharon  and  Arafat  in a stunning rendition of "Hot Pants."  Al Sharpton  marries a gay couple ( Maya Rudolph  and  Rachel Dratch ) and brings together both left ( Amy Poelher  in hippie garb) and right in a sermon ( Jimmy Fallon  in preacher garb) on that funny thing called love, over some down home southern cuisine.   12:10:   Pink  performs. Sharpton, drunk on attention, does back up vocals on "Hooker" uninvited. Pink is not impressed.   12:30:    Paris Hilton -  Al Sharpton  tape surfaces, making the rounds at office Christmas parties. On tape Al is shown answering his cell phone and posing lewdly for the camera. Al tries to escape the media spotlight by heading home to Harlem, unfortunately, guys on 116th Street accost Sharpton for "getting with a girl that don't have no ass."   12:45:   Reality show. Al Sharpton must spend a month in   The Hilton's world , attending premiers, walking past the velvet rope-- scantily clad. Sharpton must hold Hilton's teacup chihuahua  Tinkerbell . Moral of the story? In the end, a teary eyed Sharpton confesses that "a kid from the streets ... cannot manage this much papering."   1:00:  Signs off reading Twas the Night Before Christmas to Pink and Hilton.    Set your  Tivo's  on stun.