          Dropping the Dime on Reagan   First  50 Cent  was being stalked by  Vivika Fox , and now Conservatives want to put  Ronald Reagan  on 10 cents:  has everyone lost their senses ?  Look,  The Corsair  tries to be fair here, looking at issues cultural, political and gossipy from all angles, with proportional amounts of snark, but  has the Republican Party lost it's fucking marbles ? Let's put it all out on the table: They want to   replace FDR with Reagan ?  A few things:  FDR was the man who, despite polio, assumed the Presidency at the height of the Great Depression, where 13 million were unemployed and nearly every bank was closed. FDR revived America and took it to the status of superpower. FDR presided over ther victorious allies on the right side of the greatest war mankind has ever known, breaking the back, in the process, of the Nazis and Imperial Japan. Now supporters of " The Ronald Reagan Dime Act " want to replace FDR with Reagan. What the  fuck ?  "I certainly would not look at it in any way as dishonoring FDR. He's also one of my favorite presidents," said  Rep. Wally Herger , R-Calif. "He was also interestingly enough a personal hero of President Reagan's, but frankly I feel more connection with Reagan. He's a Californian, also closer to us now in history."   It's good to see that intellectuals like Herger are in our congress, no? I guess Reagan's ass backward   "Constructive Engagement" policy with Apartheid's totalitarian South African regime  is the stuff of legend ... and dimes.    UPDATE:   Nancy Reagan is the voice of reason here. Reagan has asked that FDR  not  be   replaced by her husband .   In a statement, Mrs. Reagan says: "While I can understand the intentions of those seeking to place my husband's face on the dime, I do not support this proposal and I am certain Ronnie would not."  The former first lady goes on to say: "When our country chooses to honor a great president such as Franklin Roosevelt by placing his likeness on our currency, it would be wrong to remove him and replace him with another. It is my hope that the proposed legislation will be withdrawn."  Thank you, Nancy Reagan.