          Nick Cage Almost Remarries Lisa Marie   Although there were some hints of a budding psychosis in  Peggy Sue Got Married , it wasn't a true car wreck in  slow motion until  David Lynch's  creepy artsy Americana horror flic  Wild At Heart , where  Nic Cage  showed us, in full glory, his unhealthy obsession with Elvis.   Nic Cage's  didn't just  play  characters that bore a striking resemblence to  Elvis Presley ,  Nico wanted to be Elvis Presley .  It was not until Cage married Elvis' crown jewel  Lisa Marie Presley  that his ambition-compulsion was fully satisfied. And with the dissolution of their Hollywood marriage, things seemed to have gone back to normal for both.    The National Enquirer  reports that  Nic Cage  came thisclose to remarrying his sleepy eyed hottie ex-wife   Presley . But then they remembered why they broke up in the first place, according to the  Enquirer .   Michelle Caruso  writes that in between bouts of incredibly hot sex, the two fought like cats and dogs:  "As The ENQUIRER reported, Lisa Marie has been suffering gastrointestinal problems that are aggravated by the stress of performing. When Nic learned of her anxiety, he dropped by for support.  "'In addition to being enormously sexually attracted to Lisa Marie, Nic has always had a soft spot for her,' says the source."  A "soft spot" is one way to put it;  The Corsair  sees it more as revisiting a compulsion.    Anyhoo:  one thing led to another, and the flames of  l'amour  were once again crackling.  Alas, it was not to be. Nic likes to party in LA and N'Orleans, the article says. And then there is that longstanding crush on  Angelina Jolie , who wore that red dress that "knocked Nic's eyes out of his head," as Caruso writes. (Didn't Jolie steal  Billy Bob  from   Laura Dern ?)   The Corsair  knows that actors have a fragile sense of self. Actors tend to form very close relationships with the cast of a film, only to blow them off the minute that shooting stops. Such is the plasticity of Hollywood. That having been said, it is pretty creepy that Cage has kept up this Elvis obsession for so many years.  Move on Nicky boy. Elvis was a hero to most, but he was a karate loving, B-Lister druggie who died on the bowl to  The Corsair .  And while you're at it, Nocko, get rid of that comic book collection.