          Musical Chairs at Conde Nast Bash   Ah, the holidays are here again, and that means missletoe, the ambient tones of   Manheim Steamroller , pine needles, that silly woman who invariably gets carried home through the chilly streets of New York by her patient chums because she drank too much egg nog at the company party, and, of course, the   Conde Nast Four Seasons editor and pubisher bash . Imagine the collective egos assembled in that one room; all that hot air in a single location.   Accompany me through this gallery of 'what fools these mortals be.' Why, look over there, it's  Graydon Carter  and his boy wonder,  James Truman   lighting up -- oh, those  scamps -- tobacco products--indoors! And in direct defiance of  Mayor Bloomberg's  anti-smoking ban. That contrarian Canadian libertarian is just being rowdy!  Oh, and there's  Lucky  Editor in Chief  Kim France   who, like Christ's neighbor, the crucified robber who repented at the last minute, now sits on  Si Newhouse's  left hand, at the  power table .   Metaphors of paradise ring true here and not politically  incorrect , by the way, as  Conde Nast  is the  Nirvanna  of glossies.   Just as  Dante Aligheri  places the true  Paradiso  in the Empyrean, situated outside the universe, and therefore outside space and time, those outer tables, far away from  the Mystic Rose , that celestial choir that is  Si Newhouse , are less appealing, less -- shall we say -- "holy."  And would it be a far stretch of the imagination to envision the editors at Conde Nast dressed in ermine?   Why,  Teen Vogue  Editor-in-Chief  Amy Astley  is seated so close to Si that she can just ... just dip her head, slightly and gently brush her rose lips against his signet ring.  Not since the  Court of the Sun King  has anyone assembled such a crowd of nonpareil beauty and excellence.  That image I have conjured of Amy Astley is so beautiful ... so sublime, I believe that I shall now weep.    "The seating arrangement means everything - and nothing," says  Maurie Perl , the vice president of communications told  Keith Kelly  of the Post, who sat at none-too-elite Table 8. "The important thing is that you're in the room."  Sure, Maurie,  whatever you say .   Thank you Conde Nast, thank you for trapping beauty timeless in your glossy and quite fragrant pages, thanks to you editors great and small, who give me such  material   and  vanity  to work on.