          Why George Stephanopoulos will Fail at ABC   Not since  Attilla the Hun's   aggressive campaign against the Roman Empire has anyone been so audacious and bold as  George Stephaopoulos'   very public transformation from the creepy giggling elf behind  James Carville's   Cajun strategist routine into a respected network news correspondent, or, as they say in the biz a "Wise Man." Imagine the  thumos  involved (George would appreciate the Greek philosophical reference) to think that you can go from the "the mouthpiece that turned" of the Clinton Years to  Cronkite  or  Eric Sevareid , if you will, without paying the requisite dues. One wonders whether the appropriate response is to applaud or to be appalled at the cheek displayed.   ABC TV was driven by a felt need to make a sexier broadcast -- they just were; they saw their line up of  Sam Donaldson and Cokie Roberts  -- a conservative tea party with no breaking scoops and little eye candy -- and thought,  this is the formula for perpetual third place .   ABC needed to bring a bull into the proverbial China Shop. In third place there is little room for failure. So: here comes velvety voiced squeaky clean metrosexual George Stephanopoulos, a yummy treat for the 20 and 30something  Manolo Blahnik  set, but, like  Phil Donahue , not very popular with men.    But Young Stephanopoulos is smart and certainly charming in a  Conte Baldassare Castiglione's Book of the Cortier  kind of way, not unlike  Daniel Patrick Moynihan  and  H. Carl McCall  a generation or two previous -- smart attractive men with a bold future ahead, and all that. Soon Cokie and Sam were exiting stage center, George Will's air time was curtailed, and that creepy looking reptilian  Fareed Zakaria   was given a short segment as counterpoint to Young Stephanopoulos.   So George is alone in an ideal situation with utmost control on Sunday Morning. Yet he is still in third. George Stephanopoulos is behing  Bob Schieffer , and, to be frank here, to get your ass kicked by Bob Schieffer is quite a feat.  Why is this thus ?  The answer is so simple it is plainly in the face of the suits, but because of their training they can not and will not see it. The answer is  idealistic  rather than the pragmatic and  bottom line  orientation of the typical ABC News suit: George Steph can not be accepted as a "Wise Man," at least not for a while, because he is too protean, too untrustworty, too "European" in character. Stephanopoulos may indeed be Conte Baldassare Castiglione's ideal courtier, able to charm  Clinton  and  Taki Theodocrapolos  as well as the buxom  Bebe Newirth , but the American viewer will not tune in to a Wise Man lacking in gravitas and solid character.  If we were an ancient culture like, say,  France George Stephanopoulos would be accepted as an eminent talking head and intellectual, he might even be President. But we are America, not France, and, not to sound too much like  Chris Matthews , a man who has his finger on the pulse of America, we like straightforward and natural people with the gravitas of conviction and loyalty. George Stephanopoulos has exhibited little or none of that in his adult life.   George Stephanopoulos  may one day pay his dues and become a man of gravitas like  Tim Russert  (think:  Moynihan , Buffallo, NY rustic principles, family man, Roman Catholic, "working class") or  Chris Matthews  (Peace Corps in Africa,  Tip O'Niell , Catholic, "working class", centrist, appalled by Clinton's moral failings, family man). But to paraphrase  Rose Tremain's  glorious refrain in Restoration for her mercurial character  Sir Merivel , "(George Stephaopoulos) is not yet the man he will become." And, whe he finally does complete that process, what an interesting person -- in politics and as a world commentator will be the man in full George Stephanopoulos.