          But, Sir, Doesn't Pavarotti Suck?   Right off the bat I am not going to say that I am a fan of Opera as a  species , per se, although the early operas of  Monteverdi   have moved me, what with their odd sense of acceleration of pace and repetitions of phrase. I have found myself caught in the funk, so to speak, on those occasions, and have been known to move my midsection vigorously, like  Courtney Cox  in that godawful   Springsteen video . No, I really didn't but it sounded interesting, didn't it? No? What ever .   Not that  Luciano Pavarotti  would ever include Early Music in his cheesy repertoire. So, as you can guess, I do not see the need for his coming-to-be in Western Civilization, although I am vaguely aware that it does actually exist.   Anyhoo:   The big man   got all pimped out  for his wedding to his 30-year old ex-secretary,  Nicoletta Mantovani  . How cliche is that,  anyway ?    And with  The Corsair , the only sins are sins of cliche ... and tackiness ... and Pavarotti is the king of tackiness. We like to call him  Louche -iano Pavaratti. The died jet-black beard is  highly  implausible, and that fake ever-present smile creeps us out. And then there's that cheesy Three Tenors video where Arnold Shwarzenegger sits in the front row, fairly busting out his tuxedo: That was the moment that  Oswald Spengler  rendered tragically in  Decline of the West . Yuck!  Reuters reports:   "'Alice joyfully invites you to the wedding of daddy Luciano and mummy Nicoletta,' read the invitation from the couple's 11-month-old daughter."  How  cuute . They continue:   "A host of stars, including Irish rocker  Bono  and Italian singer  Zucchero , turned out for the wedding which was eagerly anticipated by Italian gossip magazines and television chat shows."  Well, if  Zucchero  was there, then it must indeed have been an event.  But the true story -- and  The Corsair  is nothing if not a bloodhound on the search for scoop -- lies with  Adua , jilted wife number one.  Somewhere the   well-paid Adua  is speaking of things Pavarotti from behind clenched teeth and making broad and fast arm movements as is the Italian manner when emotional issues are involved. And boy would I like a translator to decipher  that  scoop.  Because we all understand the language of jilt. What? You mean you've never excavated the archaeology of dumped? It's just me? Okay:  whatever .