          Billary Shrugged   " Howard Dean  laughed.  "  He stood boldly at the edge  of a political crossroads. The nomination lay slightly ahead of him. A frozen explosion of granite burst in flight to the sky over the motionless establishment. The Democratic Party Establishment seemed immovable. The establishment had the stillness of one brief moment in battle when thrust meets thrust and the currents are held in a pause more dynamic than motion. The stone glowed, wet with sunrays."   Submitted for your approval:   The Fountainhead  a la  Howard Dean  and his Rage Against the Party Machine campaign. So let's review what has happened thus far in the Democratic primary soap operetta, shall we?  Al Gore , out from the wilderness of a Japanese trip (whiskey commercial?)decides, rather abruptly -- okay,  very  abruptly -- to endorse  Howard Dean , the hard charging but affable former Governor of Vermont, in the process  bitchlapping  his loyal former running mate Senator  Joe Lieberman  in the process, effectively ending that man's bid at the Presidency.  Lieberman isn't the only one to get Gored.  Billary  faced real damage by this endorsement which, obviously, contained some spite, as Dean is the  anti-DLC Billary candidate . Al never got over the Lewinsky; even Monica's over it, but not our Albert. Gore Vidal, a relation, once quipped on the Gore family that if a poisonous snake were to bite a Gore, it would die, envenomated.  We get his point .  God it must suck to be Billary right now. Gore, in playing Kingmaker to Dean, places himself smack dab in the path of Hillary as being the de facto leader and moral voice of the Democratic Party. He also puts a thumb in the eye of his former boss, Bill Clinton, insinuating himself in his wifes path, rejecting a his boss' legacy  in which he himself was a prime player , and aiding and abetting the enemy.  Everywhere, Bill Clinton's legacy is being torn to pieces. The recent elections in Ireland had caused Clinton's Good Friday Accords to evaporate. The Democratic Party has repudiated Clinton's centrism and veered back to the left. The golden age of the 90s has been dismissed as irrational exhuberance. Everyone and their brother has a book out calling attention to Clinton's Rwanda failure. Clinton backed milk dud munching geek  Gray Davis  got his ass handed to him on a platter by the Governator; Clinton's team now works for  Wesley Clark , whose candidacy is about as thin as the hair atop  Donald Trump's  head. Even  Linda Tripp  was awarded back pay.  Billary shrugged indeed.