          Checkmate: White Knight to Rescue Lord Black: The Canadian Media Invasion Begins   Will  Mort Zuckerman  be the white knight to rescue  Lord Black  and the embattled Hollinger, Inc, and, more important, will the media ever stop preceding Hollinger with  embattled ? That cannot be good for the share price.  Oh, it's all good,  The Corsair  is only having a little bit of  shadenfreude  at the expense of the mogul Canadians. And you can bet your black clothing that somewhere,--somehow --  Graydon Carter  is lighting up, secretly avoiding the Blooberg's finest and chuckling at the end of irony and this curious media development.   Chris Tryhorn  of the Guardian   writes :  "Mr.Zuckerman, who owns the Daily News tabloid is the latest high-profile figure to be touted as a potential white knight who might rescue Lord Black's companies.  "According to reports, Lord Black is hoping to persuade him to invest in Hollinger and is not in talks to sell any of his titles, which include the  Daily Telegraph ,  the Spectator  magazine and the  Jerusaleum Post .  "Mr Zuckerman, like Lord Black, was born in Canada and made his fortune in Boston real estate and has owned the market-leading  Daily News  for the past decade."  In  Richard Sikios'  1995 book  Shades of Black  he tells a compelling story of how  Mort Zuckerman  beat out  Lord Conrad Black   to buy the   NY Daily News .   Black  eventually went on to back the   New York Sun .    Lord Black of Crossharbour  was always a fan of the New York scene and was after an American flagship. In 1992 he met  Barbara Walters  at a cocktail party in London. Walters suggested to Lord Black (okay, I just like saying that) that he talk to her investment banker friend  John Veronis  about buying the troubled Daily News. Lord Black did and things started rolling.  He assessed that the  Daily News  was overmanned and needed a new printing plant, but, as a businessman, approached it all from the point of view of getting a "a good deal or no deal."  Enter Mortimer Zuckerman , an individual not tied to any company or justifications for his purchases.   Zuckerman made his wealth in real estate and wanted "face" in the New Yorkmedia swirl after buying  US News and World Report  and  The Atlantic . Black and Zuckerman initially talked about buying the venture together.  David Radler . president of Hollinger, Black's company, told Siklos:  "At one point (Zuckerman) talked, for instance, that we would switch every year who would control the editorial page."  Conversations broke down and a bidding war ensued.  Rupert Murdoch  weighed in, unsurprisingly, on the side of fellow conservative Lord Black. "I think Conrad would be very good for the News," said Murdoch at the time,"and he'd be better still for the city."  On August 17 Lord Black offered $75 million of  Hollinger  money and won backing of both the Board of Directors and management of the  Daily News.  Zuckerman won the drivers and pressmens unions. In the end Zuckerman won because he offered a more positive vision for the company as an individual buyer not linked to a corporation. Lord Black would have had to cut jobs to justify the purchase to investors in Hollinger. C'est tout!