          Russ Smith On Michael Wolff    Where did I go wrong  and  how is it truly done , seem to me to be the laments arising, prayer-like, from  Russ Smith's     tender assessment of Michael Wolff  in, of all places, the embattled  Hollinger Inc's    New York Sun .  Can I too be a  daddy cool   of the media, Michael?  Lunch with me , oh successful media critic, and tell me where I went  awry  ...  "Mr. Wolff is the quintessential caricature of Manhattan’s insulated, effete, and self-important insider," writes the scrappy  Russ Smith , by way of wind up. But from then on, (and on) the drool quotient increases arithmetically as Russ does a one hundred and eighty degree turn from his usual role as irascible conservative, now trying on the ermine hat and spaniel-like eyes of the courtier.  Please,  Michael Wolff , invite  Mugger  to  Michaels  and put him out of his ass kissing misery! We actually kind of liked him when he took on the power elite of this city and Washington, arms swingling, eyes closed,broad haymakers rarely, if ever, connecting with the intended smug liberal media target: it was somehow  touching .  But now Smith continues, shamelessly, nose shaded an autumnal brown:  "Mr. Wolff, along with a group of investors including advertising legend  Donny Deutsch , is one of the bidders for New York magazine, which is currently up for sale.  At the same time, he has been discussing with  Roger Ailes  a possible television slot on  Fox News .   Please step lively, butwatch the drool. Smitty goes on:  "Mr. Wolff holds court at  Michael’s  — the favored restaurant for such worthies — nearly every day; he’s a frequent talk-show guest; he owns a Rolodex that’s the envy of competitors; and he is a regular on the lecture circuit. He speculates at will on the failures and successes of companies such as  TimeWarner ,  News Corp ., the  New York Times ,  Viacom ,  Vivendi , and  Condé Nast , and the (mostly) men who run them.   "He’s on a first-name basis with  Rupert Murdoch .   One can almost feel the pathos, the longing; but it is not over:  "One attribute Mr. Wolff possesses, however, separates him from all the other vain characters who read the  New York Observer  every Wednesday to see if their name is mentioned (if only that paper had an index!): He’s got thick skin and is less prone to hold grudges than most of his lunch companions."  And surely Russ Smith would be an excellent one of those lunch companions.    The Corsair  can feel the love and -- dare we say it? --  envy  from over here (envy is great weakness of the writer, after all), even at the far end of the rarified media elite precincts.   The Corsair  would like to suggest that  Mugger  get himself a blog, as he will get far greater visibility in this manner than as a columnist for the moribund and irrelevant   New York Press .  And good luck on that invite to Michaels.