          Entourage versus Entourage: P Diddy v Jesus   As I noted yesterday, entourages have had a  risorgimento  in recent days.  The Corsair  would like to compare and contrast two of the more influential entourages in the past, oh, say, two millenia or so, namely:   P Diddy's  and   Jesus Christ's .   Violence? Both entourages have caused a ruckus at one time or another.   P Diddy's entourage poked NY Times Boldface columnist Joyce Wadler in the ribs . That's pretty roughneck, but JC has P Diddy beat:   Peter, one of the leaders of Christ's entourage, sliced off the ear of Roman soldier Malchus  -- and  JC healed him !  VIPs? JC has got P Diddy beat again. It goes without saying that P Diddy bestrides the earth on CP time, and is it well known that he basically unhooks any velvet rope that bars entry for him and his crew. He's old school like that. P Diddy is not seperated from any event in the world. The velvet rope is not an impediment to having his drink on,  fa sure, nah mean ? That's cool: but JC is cooler. Pearly gates? No problem.   JC can get his entourage into the most exclusive club of them all:   heaven !  And, finally: Influence? Well, P Diddy's entourage is blazing with bling-bling, up and coming rappers, publicists and beefy former bouncers. But what about the future? What do these guys do after the gravy train dries up? Probably 3 to 5 in Sing Sing. ( Kidding.  Can''t you guys take a joke about Jesus and P Diddy? Sheesh.)    Anyhoo:  The influence of JCs crew goes as far and wide as sub-saharan Africa, Central and South America and Western civilization, through the   Early desert fathers , through the   scholastic monks  of the Medieval era, to the Roman Catholic Church, to the Protestants up to todays Evangelicals.   So,  The Corsair  concludes that Jesus of Nazereth had a cooler entourage than the  P, I double D.  Respect.  ( The Corsair  hope no one took offense at this largely playful Christmastime comparison. In toher words, please P Diddy, don't hurt me!)