          Only Geeks Understand   With today's high level announcement that  The Pope  has praised  Mel Gibson's  rendering of   the last 24 hours in the life of Jesus Christ , the question arises: can only true blue fans-as-directors garner the  highest  excitement from the filmgoing public?  There is precedent to this theory. The geek directed spectacular  LOTR  broke worldwide records for an opening on a Wednesday (Wednesdays!) pulling in $34.1 million in the US and $23.5 million in over a dozen other countries.  Spiderman is a similar story:   Spidergeek Sam Raimi  hit a grand slam in his vision for the Marvel comic here.  Sharon Waxman  wrote in   yesterday's NY Times :  "In the United States, the film, a  New Line Cinema  release, broke the box-office record for an opening in December. The record holder for opening-day ticket sales remains "Spider-Man," which took in $39.4 million on May 3, 2002, according to  Exhibitor Relations , a company that tracks box-office sales."  In   Wednesday's NY Times ,  David Edelstein  wrote:   "Wandering around ( The Loews Theater  on 42nd Street), I saw people reading  Tolkien .  Miriam Kriss  put down her book to explain that she was there in tribute to  Peter Jackson , ' fan who understood.'Then she delivered a rather stunning tribute to the fan aesthetic: 'The problem with the last  George Lucas   Star Wars  movies is that he's not a fan of his own work. You can't be if it's your work. But he doesn't understand anymore why we loved  Star Wars . He just sits and stares at special effects on his computers. I'd rather see  Star Wars  movies by people who grew up with  Star Wars . A fan would get it.'"  A fan would  get it?   A fan who understood ? Yes, my little pomegranates, the   AintItCoolNews gang  are spending their hard earned milk dud-stained dollars on  films , sending shockwaves through Timseltown.  Take  Harry Potter ,   for instance . By all accounts of fans, the film was faithful to the book, and, as a result, it got rave reviews as a sort of   visual analog representation  of the impression  JK Rowling's  tale left on the reader. The rave reviews translated into extreme  box office  (I always wanted to say that and sound like a Variety insider, forgive the pretention).  So, will Hollywood turn the reigns of film over to the geeks? Will Hollywood -- the epitome of cool cachet -- become like Silicon Valley?  Will the geek inherit the world ?   Time will tell ...