          Michael Not Biological Father of His Kids?   That significant cultural artifact and guilty pleasure  The National Enquirer  is reporting that the biological father of Jacko's kids may be   an anonymous sperm donor .  The article, which, with the tabloid, goes on sale today, but is teased online   here  goes on to say, "Jackson was also caught in a lie about his third child  Prince Michael II , (the article) tells how his credibility could become a major issue in the child molestation case."  In other Jackson news,  Machiavellian  lawyer  Mark Gregaros , on   Larry King  last night, tried to quell the hullabaloo over Jacko's Nation of Islam "conversion," and whether or not   Metternichian   Johnny Cochran  was going to replace him, saying:  "The fact of the matter is -- you want to know where this originates from? It's the PR firm that the prosecution hired ... And what they did is, they played the race card. They're trying to inject Johnnie Cochran into this. They're trying to inject the Nation of Islam as some kind of a buzz word into this."   But the only buzz word, or "buzz inducer" anyone is focusing on at 11:30 am Friday morning is what the hell is the "intoxicating agent" that  Michael Jackson  used.  Multitudes  of purveyors of  hard beverages  are hoping against hope to profit from the Grand Prize in the "  Ford Bronco " and "ugly ass  Bruno Magli  Shoes" sweepstakes of  Product Placement in Celebrity Crime Award.   Better known as ' The Juicies ,' these awards are lucrative, but not as  prestigious  as, say, sitting next to   Dominick Dunne , enthralled, as he  gloms  celebrity off our latest bad-celebrity-cocktail-chatter episode, like an engorged wood tick feasting on an unfortunate  tabby cat .   Greeat . Has  Geraldo  got his Michael Jackson   theme song at the ready ? Such are the rituals of shadenfreude and democratic levelling in progress. Or maybe  The Corsair  is  playa hating  and  moralizing  with such  high falutin  terms because he isn't profiting from the  Bonfire of Vanities ? Don't even  entertain  the thought.  We report, you decide.   Update:  "MilkNCookies" writes, "In the words of  Maury (Pauvich),  Michael Jackson , "YOU ARE NOT THE FATHER!"    Update:  "NeedMoolah" writes, "Mike is a mess someone on another BB said they saw on the news that when Mike was being booked he said his eyes were chocolate:  " Officer : Eye Color?  Mike:  Chocolate  Officer:  Chocolate?   Mike:  yes, chocolate  Officer:  That's not a color  Mike:  I said Chocolate  Officer:  I'm putting down brown"