          Governor Rowland Implodes Under The Weight of His Own Hot Air    Shadenfreude  is a  bitch , let me tell you. And there is nothing worse that being   hoisted by ones own petard  in the media capitol of the world. I know this  instinctively , as an occasional practitioner of that spooky art in this city. Well, sport sounds less pretentious than art, so let's call it  that .   Never in my life have I seen a sitting politician receiving so many bitchslaps, in such rapid succession, within, ostensibly, a season of holiday warmth towards humankind, as are being issued to  Governor Rowland of Connecticut .  Never  (affects "outraged" tone).   If this beating took place in the ring,  Judge Mills Lane  would throw in a skimpy white towel and send   Governor Rowie's black-and-blue broken body, spent from the bitchslaps, to the showers . Pronto! It's  over , Johnny.  It's over to everyone  but the Rowland's , which makes this  little political shadenfreude  particularly touching and cruel and fascinating in observation; it's like watching a couple of ants, slowly by slowly, reeling under the heat of a magnifying glass -- knowing what is going to happen next.    Equally  sizzling  a proposition, Connecticut's Governor, a thick-headed man, by  refusing  to just resign  that damn job  in the face of rising public anger, is not doing himself a service. This stubborn man is getting a long, protracted vivisection from   everyone in the media biz . A  serious  vivisection, my little pomegranates, to which his wife is, sadly, a party.  Connecticut  Governor John Rowland , and his wife, his "partner-in-crime"  , so to speak ,  Patricia , are  too good to be true  and too sad to be true,  simultaneously . There is a snarky  blogger heaven  where bloggers are 24/7 press access to the Rowland's, to trap the gaffes, like beetles in amber, ad infinitum; there is also a blogger  hell , where the conscience of the blogger creeps up and asks the man -- can't you just leave them  alone ?  I  can't.    First off , Governor  John Rowland  is ethically challenged. Now, I don't know whether this is because ethics are  invisible  little creatures (darn tham!), but even by the standards of politicians, Rowland is creepily  devoid  of ethics,  of an ethical universe , oh, why mince it: devoid of even a single negative imperative imprinted upon his psyche, those chestnuts that make us fit for civilization (puffs out chest, gets all "moralizing," while simultaneously projecting a jocular and macho sense of final judgement).   For example, today's   Times ties Rowland's "paving contractor"  to his controversial partnership in a private deveolpment group  (wink wink, he'll thake care of  that thing  for ya).  What's up with that ?   Since when do politicians engage in business ventures with ties to their precinct  while still in office  -- that's crazy talk: what was he doing, pulling a  Mariah ?    Rowland was absent with the sniffles  in "political corruption" class on the day   Ambassador Lauder  taught everyone to make your scrilla after you leave office and have cemented your contacts,  preferably in an emerging democracy, where the legal framework is dodgy at best .   And then there is that whole country house angle  with the Rowlands. Not that I am against summer houses, per se, if you go in for that sort of thing (averted gaze), even though the majority of Americans are  summer homeless , Governor ass. Summer house issues, air-conditioned dog houses thingies, (sigh) these issues just don't work out with the electorate, even in an electorate as wealthy as there are in Connecticut. Be afraid, Rowland, be  very very  afraid.  But of all the Christmastime fun surrounding this *dramedy* the Rowland's, produced, of course, by  Asaad Kelada , was yesterday's press conference, where husband and First Lady, like Bonnie and Clyde, took on the press -- big mistake, baby pop --   in poetry  -- a bigger fatter  Greek  mistake -- was a moment of great  hysterical , and historical significance.  And I do not mean to say that they   quoted   Edmund Spenser , or  Rilke  or even  Dr. Suess , people.  No , the Rowland's, well, Patricia, to be frank, with moral support from "her man," read a "witty" attack on the media in the form of   Twas the Night Before Christmas .  ( The Corsair  cringes at the thought)  The NY Times yesterday described the delivery as a "sing-song rebuke." It goes a little something like this:  "Twas the night before Christmas and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except me, the first spouse.   "I was waiting for Santa, that jolly old elf, to give him the list I had drawn up myself.  "For I had hung all the garland and tinseled the trees and festooned the house for the public to see.  "I'd sent all the cards to our friends far and near, and thanked all our staff for their hard work this year.  "I'd shopped and I wrapped all my gifts full of love for our five picky teens, the black Lab and the guv.  "I kept quiet and calm through December's dark storm, protecting my family from those who wish harm.  (Corsair cringes again)  "So now it was my turn to get Santa's ear, to tell him what I wanted for Christmas this year.  "When out on my yard there arose such a hubbub, I thought maybe [Hartford Courant reporter] Jon Lender had jumped in the hot tub."  --You see where this is going? No? I must continue? Very well:  "Now surely that man needs to go soak his head, but there on the lawn stood Santa instead.  "'Come in, dear Santa, and rest for a while. I've got cookies and milk,' I said with a smile.  "'I am late,' said Santa. 'My last stop took hours, all that coal I delivered down The Courant's tall towers.  "'They used to be good girls and boys,' Santa said. 'But the poison pen's power has gone to their head.  "'And I have the same problem at the media stations; they've just simply forgotten good human relations.  "'Their thirst and hunger for the day's biggest story has earned them black coal for their ill-gotten glory.'  "'Oh Santa,' I said, 'that is sad, I agree. They've acted like Grinches who have stolen our tree.'  "'They whipped themselves into a mad feeding frenzy. They've embarrassed our children and our Mama McKenzie [Jo McKenzie, a longtime aide]."  Here is how  Alison Leigh Cowan  and  Marc Santora  of the Times described the event:  "After the poem's tone became clear and the audience gasped, she glanced at the governor to assess his reaction. 'Go for it, hon,' he said. 'What can they do to us?'  "'They can't make it worse,' she replied, and continued reading."  The media can;t make it worse, honey? I just did. And, as I write this, many media organizations in the tri state area are doing worse ...  much  worse. But enough, even I have had enough of this shadenfreude; it's just too sad. Resign, Governor Rowland,  resign .