          Ubiquitous Entourages    The New York Times  reporter  Susan Saulny   today informs us that the  Tiger Man  who lived with his predator,  Ming ,   now has an entourage . Yesterday,  P Diddy's  entourage -- including the one jerk who elbowed  Joyce Wadler , the Boldface Columnist in the ribs -- made a "moat" around their master as he made a "personal cell phone call." Today, in  Page Six ,  Charlize Theron's    entourage got into trouble . The Sixers write:  "Theron was caught in the middle of an ugly brawl between Brazilian paparazzo  Laura Giannoni  and a mystery man in Theron's entourage at the  Viscaya  lounge after the 'Monster' screening nearby. "  And, to top things off, Theron's former   Italian Job  co-star, Marky Mark, is Executive producing an HBO flic called -- guess what?   Entourage . This is brave of Wahlberg, as it said that  his own    contretemps with a member of his entourage  involved Wahlberg, who compared his   Planet of the Apes  costar  Helena Bonham Carter  -- in monkey makep -- to   Janet Jackson  -- offering the black bodyguard a role in the film.   Anyhoo:  Entourages are the new black. There a must get, they show that people want to be around you, fodder over you, protect you. You don't have to say  it's all about me  when you have an entourage around you -- it is simply taken for granted. An entourage implies money -- how else would one be able to keep  beefy bodyguards  in the Cristal and swordfish, clothe, bejewel and perfume a handful of models, pay the cellphone bills of a gaggle of publicists and "guys from around the way"?   The ultimate in entourage chic, again demonstrated by Theron, is the fact that one's entourage grows,  evolves , as the night progresses, into an unwieldy mass. You meet people right?  People change , as "social philosopher"   Ritchie Rich  once said, so  why can't one's entourage reflect the social evolution that a hipster makes during the course of one evening?  Theron, that hipster, probably doesn't even know who was in the entourage that evening, the   Page Sixers  continue:  "Giannoni filed a police report at the 13th Precinct. 'They took pictures of my face, but I can't press charges against the guy because I don't know who he is . . . I am distressed, depressed and tired.'"   Forget the me generation , my little pomegranates,  where's the cachet  in that? It's the entourage generation, baby, who loves you? (Points to entourage)  they  do.