          Corsair 2003 Year End Awards:   The Pirates   Every blogger worth their salt has year end awards and "this thing of ours" is no different. It's in the kool aid that we all drink from. 'Tis the season to be snarky,  and all that jazz  (sorry   Cindy Adams , that's jazz, not your annoying little lapdog   Jazzy ). So, without further ado,  The Corsair  presents The Pirates -- more credible than the   Golden Globes , and able to leap tall publicists in a single bound -- my 2003 year end awards. Basta!    Most Embarassing Media Moment  pirate goes to  Paris Hilton  beating the   President's first post Sadaam interview .  Howard Kurtz  of the uber media program   Reliable Souces  on CNN read my little email at the end of his show:   "And  Ron (Mwangaguhunga ) says -- 'Of all I know that you Northeast corridor media types will give the victory to  Jayson Blair  scandal, the most embarrassing media moment for the rest of the country has got to be  Paris Hilton  beating  President Bush's  in-depth post-Saddam interview in the ratings.'"   Thanks, Howie: love to love you, baby.   Great Read  pirate goes to the  Village Voice's  beloved columnist   Michael Musto . Musto is damn fun to read. His voice is pure and his love of pop culture, served with a dash of snark and a side portion of gossip is downtown through and through. It's  La Dolce Musto's  world, we just live in it.   The Wierdest Hair  pirate goes to  Donald Trump . There's something (grimaces) ... something (frowns, shifts in chair) ... something  not quite right  about   Trumper's hairdo .    Takes One to Know One  pirate goes to blowhard defrocked (or left of his own accord,  whatever ) Catholic priest  John McLaughlin . The vow of poverty left way behind (way,  way  behind), he once declared to  George  that he would love to come back in another life as the  Sultan of Brunei . Continuing in that homage to tyrants and corrupt rulers, the  pseudoconservative  voted last Sunday on Russian autocrat  Vladimir Putin  as  Person of the Year . His reasoning? "The person to lead Russia into the 21st century is a blend of despot and small 'd' democrat." Hmm. Takes one to know one,  Father John .   The  He's taken to Jebus  pirate goes to  Howard Dean .  Superphilosopher  Leo Strauss  used to exhort his disciples to   immerse themselves in the religions that they grew up with  and use his rigorous method of examining texts to vivify their religious experience. After  Joe Lieberman  attacked Dean on his religion flank,   Dean done got the lord in him . Which is a smart move as we all have a little bit of the puritain about us, whether Whitmanesque or Emersonian or even the Ginzberg-Kerouacesque hippie Buddhist. Why else would all the news magazines do those religious cover stories come springtime? Or  Milton Bradley  sell all those  Ouija Boards  to malicious high school kids wanting to freak out the repressed virgins in the crowd.   And on the subject of newsweeklies, the  Dutch Trucker Hat of Obsolescence  (worn backwards) pirate goes to  US News and World Report . Does anyone read  Mort Zuckerman's  bronze medalist in the newsweekly marathon? Is this purely a vanity affair? Aside from affording the colosally boring  Michael Barone  a chance to dress up and play journo ("want to hear about FDR's postal reforms?") is there any other use for this? Semi glossy bird cage papering, anyone?   Best Blog  pirate goes to  Choire Sicha's    Gawker  and  Elizabeth Spier's    Kicker . Those two are the standard to which we all aspire. Thanks guys.   The Best Name  Pirate goes to  The New York Times'    Jennifer 8 Lee .  And I know whereof I speak : After graduating from college, I sent a snail mail letter (hey, it was 1994) to  Roger Ebert  asking advice on making a splash in the media swirl. He said, and I'm paraphrasing, that not to be cynical, (I) should emphasize my last name because it is memorable (well, how many Mwangaguhunga's do you know anyhow?). Well,  so is Jennifer's .   With Great Power Comes Great Responibility  pirate goes to   Page Six . I love 'em, pure and simple (we also love the first   power couple of NY Gossip Rush and Molloy , yang to the Page Sixer ying). Page Six is the hands down  best  daily gossip media organization.   Ian Spiegelman  went public, giving us some  inside  on the working of this great institution. They broke up  Uma  and  Ethan  and saved  Nicole Kidman  from making a biiig mistake.  Richard Johnson ,  Chris Wilson ,  Paula Froelich  and  Ian  can all take a bow. You guys rock hard:  keep on keeping on .  The  Ubiquitous as Ugg Boots  pirate goes to   David Brooks.  The conservative sociologist "Brooks Brother" (I call him that) was  everywhere  this year, explaining Manhattanites to the Bush states.  Did you know, for example, that in most areas outside of the Manhattan and DC and LA and Silicon Valley power nexus you can get a breakfast for under $2?  Fascinating . I guess that's why our man Brookie thinks that the inhabitants of the heartland are more real than the mediaratti.   Although Brooks would scoff at the s- Ugg -gestion of being associated with such trendy footwear, we still love to read him.  The  Jordana Brewster Career that Wasn't  pirate goes to  Jennifer Love Hewitt . Stalking the celebrity caravan at the outskirts, the self professed "  Love "  wasn't getting any. Hollywood is mean to starlets, ask  Jimmy Woods'  former chippie  Heather Graham  about that one. Once something of a movie star,   Love  is guest starring in unwatchable music videos and dodgy tv shows.  Next?    The  Mischief Maker  pirate goes to  Robert Novak . Look at this man. Observe him closely. His smile declares malice to the world. Good will towards man? Ha; more likely bad intentions! Very ...  bad  ...  intentions . This man actually kind of scares me a little. It's those moist rat-like eyes that seem to twinkle in the downfall of a good politician. From the   Chicago Sun Times  and   The Capitol Gang , the Prince of Darkness works his merry brand of mischief. Whether insinuating himself in the   Valerie Plame affair  or being lambasted by fellow conservatives as being an "Unpatriotic American"   in National Review , Robert was as much a story as the issues he covered. When Novak scuttles by it is said one hears the unholy  bleating of the goat ,  sulfurous malodors arise  and the cacophanous echo of  cloven hoofs striking marble  abound.    The Low Down Dirty Dog  pirate goes to  Lenny Kravitz . Lenny would rather let his career rule over   love . The far-ahead-of-her-time Britisher songbird  Neneh Cherry  warned all women in the spirit of sisterhood to  steer clear  from Mr. Kravitz with her musical diss "  Buddy X ," which described Lenny in all his hypocritical narcissistic glory, and how he broke the heart of  Lisa Bonet , who risked her career to pursue their relationship.  Neneh sang:  "I don't care what you do/ But there's a hypocrite that lives in you/ Cause if your woman gave her love/ In the same way that you do/ You'd feel a-way/ You know you would"  And   Page Six  broke it all down for us,  ninja-style , at the   beginning of December , revealing that Lenny's relationship with  Nicole Kidman  was an elaborate publicity ploy -- or so he bragged to friends -- to raise his moribund career. I do hate the game, but in this case I don't very much like the playa,  if you must know . I find Lenny a  low down dirty dog  for chosing, of all people, the most publicly jilted woman in the world, our  Nic Kidman , who was divorced in the full media spotlight, immediately following a   miscarriage . Outside of   Euripedes' Medea , it's hard to thing of a more badly jilted celebrity. Great timing, and great show Lenny Kravitz, always adept at raising the image of black men in America --  asshole !   The Christmas spirit  pirate goes to   The Charlie Brown Christmas special .  The Corsair  isn't always snarky, but this year, for whatever reason, the old Xmas cheer  just wasn't there . Nada; it wasn't happening and I couldn't, for the life of me, get into the whole commercial holiday drunken office party thing. I couldn't even put up a credible front. Then along came that darn  Charlie Brown Christmas special .    I am not a pussy . I am not saying that I got teary-eyed, or anything like that.  You wouldn't respect me if I made that fact known anyway. My snark web cred would be at zero percentage,  sho nuff . Let's just say  The Corsair  got a little  ocular moisture  over said tv show,  okay ? And let's just leave it at that.  The  Meta Network  pirate award is a tie. My two favorite networks,   Trio  and   VH1  win the honor. Both networks seem to subsist on commentary on the excesses of the established networks, the Golden Globes, the bad sit coms, the commercials, the beauty pageants, all that stuff -- and I  love  it. How  meta  is that? They take the thin gruel offered by the dinosaurs and rolls pop cultural sushi. In fact, the only cable channels that hold any water with me are Trio and Vh1.   Michael Hirschorn  and   Laura Zalaznick , take your bows now, you truly deserve the applause.   The Que Pasa USA?  pirate goes to the Latino people, who surpassed African Americans as the largest minority in the US. Let's have some love for our Spanish-speaking brothers and sisters. And higher representation on the magazine covers and tv programming, okay? A one time only  Salma Hayek  issue in which the terminally unfunny Dame Edna blasts latinos doesn't count,  Graydon  ... and take that Winston Light out of your mouth when I'm getting all righteous!  The  She ran for Governor of California to become the Mayor of Hollywood  pirate goes to  Arianna Huffington .  Crazy like Swayze . As Ahrnold made his leap from Hollywood to Politics, Arianna made a simultaneous  leap  (watch you're heads, fellas), thus terminating the vacuum left behind, from Politics to Hollywood. Somehow, Arianna Huffington came out of her  quixotic  independent party run for governor as the cool political voice of the   Hollywood set , heir to all their  influence  and  affluence  and  radical chic . How did that happen and did anyone even  observe its occurence?  The woman is  smooth  ... Sade made that sultry song about her -- she's whip smart, a devastating rhetorician, a formidable reinventor of self and  she is dark .   Greek dark . Admiring Arianna is like admiring the guy who picks your pocket beneath your notice, under your radar,  on the DL . If Arianna were a man, she would be in the Senate, possibly in a leadership position, or maybe even Prime Minister of England, where she spent her college years.    Six Million Dollar Woman  pirate goes to every young man's older woman fantasy,  Demi Moore . Undergoing what can only be described in Pravda, of all places, as   "massive plastic surgery ," Demi went from being pretty, to some kind of wonderful. Demi gave new meaning to the Golden Globes. She is our bionic woman, a real life analog to the hyperadvancement in technology. She is bigger technology news than the blackberry pager. One imagines, with tongue in cheek and a heart full of mirth, the conversation at that historic moment when the plastic surgeons conducted their   Wierd Science  on her:  "We can rebuild her. We have the technology. We have the capability to make the world's first Bionic woman.  Demi Moore  will be that woman. Better than she was before. Thinner . . . bustier . . .  tighter ."  When you get tired of Ashton, Demi ...  call me ?    The Six Pieces of Bubblegum Diet  Award goes to  Dylan Lauren . I find   Dylan , the socialite owner of Dylan's candy store, to be immensely fascinating. She's sweeter than an  Alexander the Grape !  Although she sells  50,000,000  calories of candy in a year, she remains rail thin, like most Upper class Upper East siders chicks. How does anyone working in a candy store come off looking, well, to be frank, a little anorexic (and I mean that in the nicest possible   Nan Kempner  kind of way). In the  Your Body  section of the  January 2004 Harper's Bazaar , written up by one  Jacqueline deMontravel  she gives up the goods and   reveals her eating habits to us, the readers . Sweet fucking Jesus I never knew that rich women go through  such deprivation !  The diet is as follows:   "Ninety percent of my diet consists of healthy foods, 10 percent of indulgences. 8:30 A.M. Large bowl of mixed fruit (half a melon, an orange and one cup of blueberries) 9 A.M. One-hour run (6-8 miles) 10 A.M. Stretching for 15 minutes 10:05 A.M. 8-oz. Emer'gen-C ElectroMix electrolyte-fortified sports drink, liter of water 10:30 A.M. Omelet with six egg whites, one cup of broccoli and spinach, and fat-free cream cheese 1 P.M. Liter of bottled water with lemon 2 P.M. Salad with 3-oz can of tuna, ginger dressing, a multivitamin, 8 oz. Of diet Coke, 10-15 gummy bears 3 P.M. Liter of bottled water 4 P.M. One medium grapefruit 6 P.M One-hour session of weight training 7 P.M. Six pieces of bubble gum 8 P.M. 8-oz. Glass of water 8:30 P.M. Half a roasted butternut squash, 4 oz. Of steamed Chilean sea bass, stalk of steamed kale, spoonful of Birthday Cake ice cream 10 P.M. 8-oz. Cup of hot water with lemon Total calories consumed: Approximately 1520"  Six pieces of bubblegum at 7pm, huh? Well, as  The Corsair  is writing this at around one, poor Ms. Lauren is half way between bottled water and her tuna salad and gummy bear break. Let's send good vibrations her way, huh peeps:  you can do it, Ricky ! Resist the smell of those everlasting godstoppers. Beauty is pain!  The  Thug Life Born, Thug Life Bred  Award goes to  Harvey Weinstein , the good natured "indie" studio exec, who appears to have the thickest skin of any media personality in the world.  Michael Wolff  skewered him in   Autumn of the Moguls , calling him "grotesque," "a thug," "a great and gross manipulator." Wolff added, for good measure, "he is generally thought to have good taste. He's kind of kitsch."   Ouch . Thems fighting words when applied to a  pseudointellectual  like Big Harv, the man who inflicted  Roberto Benigni  on   Western civilization .  Weinstein returned fire by   actually  attending  the book party at Michael's restaurant .  Like water rolling off a thugs back  ...   The Girl, Interrupted Award  goes to  Paris Hilton , who finds   answering her cell phone  to be of  greater imperative  than pursuing good vibrations by way of  Rick Solomon . Well, that's showing us that the girl has her priorities in order.   The Jenna Dewan  pirate award goes to  Fisher Stevens . Every so often a chestnut bubbles up from the oozing cesspool that is the eternally adolescent mind of  Howard Stern , who, mirabile dictu, was seen   dining with Steve Martin at Coco Pazzo.   They must have been discussing   Picasso's late erotic paintings .   Anyhoo:  one such magical Sternian chestnut is  the Jenna Dewan Game . It goes like this: name a "celebrity" whose name you know  but really shouldn't.  And if you say  Ron Mwangaguhunga , I'll be heartbroken.  Jenna Dewan  is famous for   dancing for Justin Timberlake and then dating him.   The Corsair would like to add the august name of  Fisher Stevens  to the Jenna Dewan game.  Why did I spend much of the last quarter of the year on the   ex-Mr. Michelle Pfeiffer ? I don't know ... I really don't know, but for a second there, it was as if   Fisher Stevens  was busting loose, breaking all bounds, about to reach the media heavens, as if  everything  was finally going to go right with him and he wouldn't have to hang out anymore with unsavory past-their-expiration-date type seedy "stars" such as   Matt Dillon . But no, false alarm. Fisher's still just fisher.  The  Has Been  pirate goes to California's former Milk dud munching gerbil faced geek of a governor,  Gray Davis , who showed us that he has Vice Presidential levels of charisma lazily wobbling out of his veal-like torso. Proving he  did not  have what it takes to govern the fifth largest economy in the world, Gray Davis put on a campaign so lackluster that it made Al Gore's 2000 bid look like   Napoleon at Jena .  Fuck !  The  Never Was  pirate goes to   Vincent Gallo , auteur du cinema. That  rat's ass  can polish his pirate award like   Coolio and his Grammy  as far as I'm concerned because this will be the  last goddamn honor  he will receive. Ever! (shouts, shakes fist at computer screen) The vole-like "star" put out the verminy-titled film Brown Bunny in which he receives the most talked about blowjob since  Monica  blew  Bill  from  Chloe Sevigny , whose   current dental condition  might make for a  fascinating  reshoot.    Anyhoo:   Sleazy creep   Gallo  -- aptly named --  whined  about   Roger Ebert's bad review  of his unwatchable "work."   Why?  Even Gallo remarks that he made a stinker. He was 'Le scandal de Festival' at Cannes. Why do we still talk about him? By now he should have beat out  Fisher Stevens  for the  Jenna Dewan  award!  The  Dance Move of the Year  pirate is a three way tie.  Neve  ("First off it's pronounced Neve, not Ne-vee!") Campbell  wins for her surprisingly graceful moves in   The Company .   The other ties are  Al Sharpton , who threw down some   serious foot magic on SNL , impersonating his one time mentor,  James Brown .  The third and last tie award goes to  Calvin Klein , whose   substance-abuse feuled sprint to courtside to pitch woo  at  Latrell Sprewell  exhibited a surprising grace. The things one does for love ...   The  Most Irrelevant Magazine  pirate goes to  Rolling Stone . I am of two minds on the subject. First,  May 3, 1998 , to me, was the day the music died. Rolling Stone Magazine, the embodiment of hip counterculture colluded with the Giuliani adminitration as a corporate sponsor for "Family Day" to displace the Million Marijuana March from Washington Square Park.   No lie .   Also: putting  April Lavigne  on the cover of March 2003 was a very sad reminder that even though the music has died at Rolling Stone, the stink still lingers like a fucking puddle of stillwater at 1290 Avenue of the Americas.  The  He Kept Us On Our Toes  pirate goes to  Michael Wolff . Oh you can love the man (and we do) or you can hate the man, but if you care about the media, you have to keep you eyeballs firmly affixed to   Michael Wolff . Unlike  Tina Brown , Wolff appears to be genuinely thoughtful, capable of expounding on politics and media in something other than "synergetic" buzzwords. Whether it was that   crazy little     Centcom fiasco , or his tome   Autumn of the Moguls ,   his will-he-or-wont-he-buy New York  -- the man has style. He is one of the best interpreters of the media, and,  simultaneously  one of the canniest players in the media.    The  Jill Clayburgh Older Women are the New Black  pirate goes to  Diane Keaton . Looking for Ms. Goodbar? An older, more mellow blend of nougat, you say?  Older women are veering around the national landscape like Calvin Klein  in hot pursuit of Latrell Sprewell . Why? Is this a delayed reaction from the popularity of  The Golden Girls ? No. In the case of  Diane Keaton's    meteoric  rise to sex symbol from author of a   book on bad Clown art  is the most surprising. What is even more surprising is that Keaton  actually likes  the bad Americana clown art.   Taste isn't everything,  I guess.  She's got "it" says the   Sun Herald . She's portrayed as "passionate" and "desirable" says the   NY Times .   The Washington Post  goes so far as to call her a "babe."  And she is in a manner of speaking, to be frank. Her rise comes at the tailend of a year where Tinseltown said: it's okay for older women to be considered sex symbols. Look at  Demi Moore  and   Ashton Kutcher , for one example, and even, the  not old   Cameron Diaz , 31, who is dating  Justin Timberlake , who is   23 . Then, of course, there is the   12 year age difference  between  50 Cent  and  Vivica Fox . Hey,  it's all good.   From   older women-younger men  it was a short hop skip and jump to  older woman as sex object , when you think about it.   So, jumping bones with  Diane Keaton ? I don't know, but I'd definitely like to have some coffee with her and ask her about her absurd position on clown art.   The  I Wanna Be Vice President  pirate goes to Senator  Bob Graham  of Florida. Jesus Christ, I have never seen a man lust after the Vice Presidency in my life. Like Golem chasing after the ring of power("my preccciousss!!!"),  Graham wants this thing. I mean, what is there so grand and swishy about the office, huh? You get to go to rubbery chicken fundraisers. You get to go to funerals of dead heads of state in remote but politically important nations. You get to speak at fascinating places like -- yawn -- the Daughters of the American Revolution, and such.  So why has Bob Graham gone out of his way -- no, strike that -- gone  way the fuck  out of his way to get the post. First he ran a   quixotic campaign  which no one believed he was in to win. Then pulled out just before he had to burn bridges by campaigning negative. The he quit his extremely important Florida Senate seat, making him that much more important to keep on the Presidential ticket in order to keep the state. God, this man has a  love jones  for the Vice Presidency and The Corsair cannot for the life of him figure out:  why ?   Runner ups in the chasing the ring of power contest include  Newt Gingrich  chasing after Secretary of State,  James Baker  chasing after Secretary of State (hey, Colin Powell is laid up recovering from prostate cancer -- als fair in love and politics!) and  George Pataki , chasing after fellow Yalie  Dick Cheney's  position on the ticket.  The  Hey, I Really Am Black  pirate goes to  Michael Jackson . Like OJ before him, Michael found his black roots  just in time  for jury selection in his criminal case. Now he's Muslim and giving an interview to  Ed Bradley  and, we imagine, BET to prove that he really is black, although the visual seems to contradict the fact. Coming soon:  Michael proclaims his innocence on the labels of the bean pies!