 " target="_blank">Laura is a scenester.  I love Laura like a fat kid hates dieting. The funny thing is that the girl never leaves the house, so it seems.   I DJed the birthday party which was really fun. I drank a bit, which was uneventful seeing as I didn't get drunk and instead opted to leave the party at about 2am in favor of my bed. I atoned for my sins on sunday and monday, which was actually quite easy save for my brilliant idea to each Tostidos before sunset and NOT drinking a gallon of water to combat impending thirst. You can't even drink water when you're fasting for Yom Kippur and so i spent a lot of the time trying to savor my own spit. I'm sure that this is an appetizing image to anyone reading. I did fast for two extra hours than I had to... It's been a sinful year, I should've gone for another day. Needless to say, I haven't had much of an appetite since.  Monday night Brian --   equipped with an updated site that is beyond funny  -- took me to do Kareoke at Nolita Tavern on Spring Street. Brian is the best Kareoke person ever. He sang Bon Jovi's "Shot Through the Heart" and managed to get the entire audience cheering and dancing while waving their arms in the air. He convinced me to give it a try and so I sang "All the things She Said" by TATU.... while sober. During the verses I was shivering. I get so fucking stage fright it's unreal. I'm scared of two things indefinitely:  1. Guns. I don't like to be near them, but at the same time, I'd love to shoot one one day.  2. The Stage. Maybe when I'm drunk i'm ok on stage, but sober, it's like you might as well point a gun to my head. I wasn't always like this, and know exactly when the fear was set: In middle school (tenafly middle school in NJ to be exact), I performed in the orchestra where I played cello. The stage was so fucking packed during the performance that i was seated all the way on the outskirts and had to face away from the audience in order to see the conductor, so my unfortunately back was to the audience. I didn't think that was such a big deal until I found out the next day that Mr. Schneider had made fun of me to every one of his classes saying that I looked totally ridiculous with my back to the audience. From that moment on I became stage freight. I hate that man.  Last night I had a really nice dinner with Vicki and then went to Brooklyn to wish Phoebe a Happy Birthday.  Today I got the new Britney Spears single. She looks like she had a nose job. Tonight I party with Michelle Branch courtesy of ELLEgirl. We will do loads of heroin because that's the cool thing to do these days.