Right. I think one or two of these might've come out last year ... but at the very end. Anyway, here is my top ten in order:  1. Muse - Absolution - HOLY SHIT THIS IS THE MOST EPICE THING SINCE FOREVER!  2. British Sea Power - The Decline of British Sea Power - "Blackout" is the most gorgeous of songs ever. I remember seeing them in Brooklyn this summer and I gave birth to a litter of puppies when they played this song. It also caused the blackout of 2003.   3. Libertines - Up the Bracket - I liked it alright at first, and then i didnt like it and now i think it's so fucking genius and underrated, for real.  4. Blur - Think Tank - I didn't like it, then   Andy  told me to listen to it again. I did. And it's so surprisingly great. Like, there's no reason why they should've been able to write those songs that they wrote after all these years. I fall in love whenever i hear "Ambulance."  5. My Chemical Romance - I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love - I think this album technically came out a few times since last November. It's the best emocore whatevercore album ever. I know I'm biased, but seriously. They're amazing. I knew the moment i heard one song that they were going to be amazing. They have not let me down. I listen this album constantly.  6. Ryan Adam - Rock n Roll - I really didnt care about Ryan before this album. I would treat him just like anyone else -- which is pretty nicely typically -- but if i met him now I might drop to the floor and start bowing. This is how good the album is.  7. Radiohead - Hail to the Theif - I'm still debating wheater i'd like this album if Radiohead didnt write it and I still dont know. This is why they're so low on the list. If they rereleased the same album Muse or Coldplay did, people would be building cathedrals for them. HTTT was great, but like, their heads really need to be pulled out of their own asses.  7. The Darkness - Permission to Land - I don't care if they're practically a parody. This album is fun and awesome. I like Radiohead more than it for some reason.   8. Placebo - Sleeping With Ghosts - So great. Way better than their last album by far. I love Brian Molko.   9. stellastarr* - stellastarr* - God bless this band. such great songs. pixies meets the cure.  10. Pretty Girls Make Graves - New Romance -   11. Yeah Yeah Yeahs - Fever to Tell - This should be higher up, but i'm high up so i have no idea where to put it. Fuck. This album makes me want to rape little boys. It's just that good.  12. TATU - 200 km in the wrong direction - fuck off. this shit was awesome. hot lesbians!  13. Thursday - War All the Time - Fuck, i know this should go up way higher. I just cant even start thinking where. All i know is that Muse is number one!  14. The Music - The Music - i forget when this album actually came out. I love this band a lot. their live show is amazing and blows my mind. It's like a total Vike and Wine cocktail sometimes. You know when the lights are extra pretty and the music is extra loud but perfect and your legs feel like lead stuck to the dance floor... it's like that.  OK, that 14. but it's my list so fook you. I know that i probably missed some very essential ones. for this i apologize.   Off to motherfucker tonight.