BABY'S GOT THE BENS   Last night was Doug Brod's birthday party [ok, i'm totally interrupting this entry because i'm watching "Best Week Ever" on VH1 and it's making me so fucking happy -- think i love the 80s, but for last week -- which translates into the greatest crack britney spears' money can buy] which we celebrated at CB's with an open bar, rock bands, and the wheels of steel manned by   Marc Spitz . I started dancing when he dropped the Hives and managed to find myself surrounded by people when "Hey Ya!" came on. I also gave Lizzy a lapdance when he started playing "Closer" by NIN. I arrived a bit late and brought my own booze even though there was an open bar. Four beers in and I still wasn't drunk. I was buzzed, but not drunk. I lost my balance a few times, but really, that was only because i was wearing platform boots. You know what I found out that was really awesome? Doug is a really awesome dancer! Also, i found out that there's such a thing as psychedellic hip hop and Alex P promised to recommend some songs to me to check out. I had a really fun time and ended up staying really late with Caryn chatting with Ben Kweller and his bassist Josh -- who were both super nice.  I then went to Lit to find my friends Eve, Jenny, Dan, and Rob, but wasn't so successful since I kept from going downstairs -- which is probably where they were. I managed to find the boyfriends, Greg and Raphael (actually, the moment I walked into the bar Raph and I spotted each other and we didnt even say hello as much as sang/acted out the song "Tainted Love" to each other since it was playing, hugged, and then walked alway). I ended up running into another Ben, whom I alerted, looks exactly like Diego from Y Tu Mama Tam Bien (sp?) -- well at least the photo of him in the new issue of Details. Diego that is, not Ben. I started blabbering endlessly about being a Jew and wanting to marry a Jew one day and having babies, and then digressed into how i just can't get enough of the british boooooooys. "I wanna breed!" i yelled at one point. I wonder if i was feeling jewish guilt for not being at home for shabbat -- but it wasn't my fault -- my mom's still in Miami.   I drank another beer -- which equals 5 beers, and never got drunk. Infact, i got sober WHILE drinking. This is such bullshit. I didn't even eat that much yesterday. The only thing I can think of that might've been off was drinking a Red Bull. Still, I call bullshit. I'm not sure who or what i call bullshit on, but I call bullshit.  Is it wrong that i find Ben Affleck very clever and funny and not so bad? I also really like Ashton Kutcher quite a bit.  Radio 4's "Dance to the Underground" was just used in a Mitsubishi commercial. That's awesome for them!   THE JAPANESE ARE CRAZY   They are.   Here ,   here ,   here , and   here .  It sort of reminds me of that Nintendo movie starring Ben Savage and that Robin Williams movie TOYS where they had kids play war games to become better killing machines.