SAVE MISS MODERNAGE   Laura has gone crazy. Here is an IM conversation i had with her this evening.     miss modernage:   seriously all these skating moves..   miss modernage:   they must make this shit up   miss modernage:   who talks like this?   miss modernage:   tricks called "Method" and "session"   miss modernage:   and "bennyhana"   miss modernage:   like what the hell   Ultragrrrl:   you should just name moves.   Ultragrrrl:   that should be your new job.   miss modernage:   hah   miss modernage:   it really is elvish   miss modernage:   it's like low-grade Elvish   miss modernage:   mike rusczyk 26 trick:no comply photo:rodent   miss modernage:   THE TRICK IS CALLED "NO COMPLY"???   miss modernage:   i've never even heard of such a thing   miss modernage:   this is serious bullshit   miss modernage:   i saw video of Ryan Sheckler the other day   Ultragrrrl:   look it up.   miss modernage:   if i was a 15 year old girl i would marry him   Ultragrrrl:   this IM conversation is going up on my blog.   miss modernage:   http://ryansheckler.com/   miss modernage:   ok   Ultragrrrl:   look at it as a form of interventionl.   miss modernage:   i should write ryan sheckler an email   Ultragrrrl:   yes. you should.   miss modernage:   and tell him if he ever comes to new york i'll pimp him out to all my pedophiliac friends   miss modernage:   which amounts to... ok i do'nt know any pedophiles   miss modernage:   he's a little TOO young   miss modernage:   but i know 17 year old boys and he can hang out with them   miss modernage:   and break young hearts   Ultragrrrl:   hello!   miss modernage:   HE'S LIKE 15   miss modernage:   that's even too young for you   Ultragrrrl:   are you not speaking to LES's #1 pedophile?   Ultragrrrl:   oh, fifteen. yeah.   miss modernage:   you do'nt do 15   miss modernage:   c'mon   Ultragrrrl:   i didnt even do 15 when i was 15   miss modernage:   you were never 15   miss modernage:   always 18 and up   Ultragrrrl:   you're 15 now.   Ultragrrrl:   OMG.   Ultragrrrl:   my dog is 15~!   miss modernage:   woah   miss modernage:   ok so shecks can han gou w/ your dog   miss modernage:   "There is this sic sk8shop that I got my first board at. The shop is IWS in Laguna Niguel. I would go in there a lot after school and hang out. I was 6 or 7 at the time and sk8ing a lot of CASL contests. I brought in my trophies and they would put them up in the shop. "   miss modernage:   this is totally hysterical   miss modernage:   "sic sk8shop"   miss modernage:   yesterday i saw some guy reading Moto X magazines   miss modernage:   he was like 28   miss modernage:   i wa slike what's a 28 year old reading moto x magazines for   miss modernage:   it seemed wrong   miss modernage:   but i guess it is kinda expensive to ride motorcross   Ultragrrrl:   6 or 7?!   miss modernage:   so ok   Ultragrrrl:   does this kid have PARENTS?!   miss modernage:   yeah   miss modernage:   did you ever read that article   miss modernage:   that was in the NYTimes?   miss modernage:   it was the cover story   miss modernage:   this like 5 year old boy   Ultragrrrl:   no. words big.   miss modernage:   skater   miss modernage:   it was the most insane thing ever   miss modernage:   "Things that bother me the most 1. HATERS …… nothing in the world worse than jealous h8ers! 2. Quitters 3. Complainers 4. Braggers 5. Bullies"   miss modernage:   i  hope this kid doesn't grow up to be dumb   miss modernage:   http://ryansheckler.com/images/8.jpg   Ultragrrrl:   he's so small! like a human puppy!   Ultragrrrl:   they make people that small?   miss modernage:   yes   miss modernage:   like that Polish idol   miss modernage:   she was seriously like 4 feet tall   Ultragrrrl:   mini people! what a concept.   miss modernage:   yeah they're called "children"   Ultragrrrl:   i want one.