EVERYTHING WILL BE ALRIGHT   It's friday and memorial day weekend and I want to go home. So I wont be able to give a full and chunky recap of last night. I saw   The Bravery  last night at Arlene's Grocery. It was the last show of their month-long residencey and the place was PACKED with industry. So much so, that I had to sneak in when the door person turned her back, and my friend Paul had to sneak in by going through the backstage entrance.   Karen  and   Jenny  couldn't even get in. From what I over heard, there were 75 industry names on the list, including label presidents and I recognized half the A&R guys in there from back when I was   managing    bands . So you're probably wondering what they sounds like... right?  OK, so they're basically very similar to   The Killers . There are three mp3s on the site that  you can listen to that are really great. Anyway, watching them, with thier Tears for Fears hair, Adam Ant haircut, I felt like I was my brother in 1986 or something. Not bad and no complaints coming from this blogger... I gotta wonder tho, was this frenzy caused by the expected success of the Killers?   Anyway, it's interesting to see how waves of music travel.  After that, Paul and I hopped over to Bar 13 where I was DJing for the 4th Anniversary party.   Photos Here . I caught some of the Unisex Salon show, and they were ALSO very great. It was like a great night of random rockshows!   I played tunes and tried to dance and get into it, but a sort of situation was in front of me that made me sort of not in the mood. It might've actually been accented by the Red Bull i drank before arriving (which i tried to counter act with two beers... that didn't do the trick). I also found myself leaving richer then when I arrived ... which was without a cent to my name, so i was pretty happy. However some girl tried to beat me up when she saw me and   Greg  dancing. I had no choice but to laugh. I wasn't about to shed any blood on the dance floor, and I'm a good fighter. Anyway, I don't want anymore drama in my life, certainly not any of the physical variety.  There are like a thousand other elements to this story that include pinky swear promises that were forgotten moments later and you know, things of that variety that sent me running out of the club by a 2:45. Tis a pity since I was having a fucking great time and Michael T was spinning a killer set.  I'm DJing on Sunday night at DON HILLS. Please come. It'll be really fun and it's super cheap.  Click   Here  for more info. Bunch of bands. Cheap drinks. Dancing naked girls. Good times.