FLOAT ON... OKAY   Hello Sarah, welcome to 10 weeks ago. So you're just sort of discovering how fucking amazing the   Modest Mouse  album is because your   new roommate  has it playing in her room whenever you stumble in from drunken nights. "Float On" is the song the Walkmen could've written if they had a pow-wow with Built to Spill. Hey Sarah,  maybe  if you play it like, 40 times in a row, you can turn back time and actually be "ahead of the curve" instead of running after it. Love, your music conscious.  So sad. OK, now i'm done talking to myself and writing myself hate mail.  So my blog seems to not work. Not sure what's happening, but i'm gonna update it anyway...just incase.  Friday, after shabbat dinner I went to the Squeezebox anniversary because i heard the Courtney Love was performing. I met up with   Jake ,   Marc  and his lovely girlfriend and my roommate, Elizabeth (she aint got a blog). The scene at Don Hills wasn't short of trannies. I was watching them enter the room as if they were the returning royalty and i began picturing what they were doing an hour early. I imagined them dusting off their wigs that they hadn't worn since the last Squeezebox about 4 or 5 years ago, squeezing themselves into their sequined gowns, pouting because their eyelash glue is clumpy. I sort of found myself happy that i didn't run around in a Tranny scene. I've got nothing agains them, I just don't know if i could keep up. I felt intimidated and scared by their posing and bodyparts here and there and everywhere. I felt like i was 18 and at Squeezebox... cept i was 24 and overwhelmed. This is why my parents keep me home on fridays.   Saturday I slept in until a pathetic 4:15pm. I woke up with a killer headache and a sense of "fuck, i know it's late. i just know it." I checked my phone and had a bunch of messages from people I was supposed to meet up with and totally flaked on. I felt like crap. The problem with sleeping in my parents house is that my bedroom slowly chokes me at night. I woke up in the morning gasping for air, and this is despite the fact that I was sleeping next to a window that was open.   My dad gave my mom the impression that our house is haunted. I tell my mom that he's full of shit, but to be honest, I sort of agree with him. I'm constantly fearing that if i turn around there will be some sort of figure standing there staring at me. I feel a presense in my room sometimes and it scares the shit out of me. If I wake up in the middle of the night I try hard to not move or open my eyes. I know this is really pathetic and silly, but I guess i'm just pathetic and silly at times.  My mom found my sparawled on the couch at 4:17pm, two minutes after i woke up. I had taken tylenol pm the night (or rather morning before since i couldnt get to bed until 6 am), and literally staggered down the stairs to the phone so i could call the people I was supposed to see that day and apologize. My mom said I looked really peaceful while sleeping. Probably cause I was drugged out of my mind and being suffocated by the ghost that lives in our house.  Saturday night I met up with Chow at the   Morning Theft  show. That band is just getting better and better and Rob is a totally great singer. I can't wait to see them perform again, and I'm gonna be sure to post the show here once i find out.  After that show we all headed over to   JennyPenny's  house for a bit of prepartying and while everyone intended to head over to   Misshapes , many didn't hop on the bus and were still at her apt at 5am when I came round to see what was going on (I woke up a 4pm that day, so it was like, 8pm for me). Misshapes was fun as always. Everyone danced around, jumped around, made out. At one point   GregTheBoyfrriend  and I were dancing and he said he couldn't make out with me cause he was sick... moments later I was dancing with him again and saw his face covered in red lipstick. The ladies can't keep their paws off the boy these days.  By the way, there's a   new misshapes gallery  up from saturday night. Will someone please   give Geordan a modeling contract  already?   Karen  and I will be happy to handle all Geo inquiries.  If somebody could please remind me what I did Sunday I'd really appreciate it.  thanks! sarah  update:  dear sarah,  on sunday you came to my house. we didnt eat m&ms because fatty had eaten them all already. fatty being me. and you the week before. we got very very very emblazened and watched... something. blue velvet. thats what it was. we got hungry, contemplated going to the west village for ice cream covered donuts, but instead got that delicious food on avenue b. then you got papped. not smeared. papped by a drummer. remember? member, member that time in that movie when you blew something out? that was awesome.  love, the other half of your brain   another update: dear sarah,   after karen's you went and saw a movie with big brother brian and you were almost not allowed in the theater for being "too high" to watch a children's movie.   love,  your burning loins.