GO WILD IN THE CITY   Some days you just really need to listen to lots of Bow Wow Wow and Adam and the Ants. I suggest both of these bands for days when you're feeling a bit low, or a bit tired, or a bit uninspired. They're essentially the same exact bands, but with different singers. I'm not joking, they're literally the same band with different singers. So if  you're like, in the mood for a dude singing, pop in Adam. If you're in the mood for a girl singing, pop in Anabel. Good times!  So this curbing of my drinking went pretty reasonably well last night. Started off the evening with dinner at the Spotted Pig to celebrate my gorgeous boss' birthday. I had a wee bit of champagne to celebrate, followed by a glass of wine. After dinner I went over to the Slipper Room to celebrate Andy and Alex's birthday where I had 1 and a half beers -- half of one of them was poured over my head during "girls just wanna have fun" -- my hair was very sticky, but now it's got an undeniable shine to it. OK, maybe it's just shiny cause i finally washed it.  So,   Lindsay  has been living with me for like, three weeks, and it's been really fucking fun. We'll probably have a roof-top BBQ sometime very soon. Maybe even tomorrow. Maybe Sunday. Maybe next week. Alls i know is our roof is the fucking shit.  The Killers were on Carson last night and I totally dropped the ball on that one. Sorry.  By the way, I got dragged to the Strokes show the other day by Lizzy. I see things like this (and i know my rationalization is really FUCKING RETARDED, but i never claimed to be anything but really FUCKING RETARDED): Just like the Smiths vs. the Cure, Blur vs. Oasis, I see something along the lines of Interpol vs. The Strokes. So I've chosen Interpol. I appreciate the Strokes. I enjoy dancing to them. When I first heard the Strokes in 2000 or 2001 i was really excited and danced around my room while listening to "Barely Legal." But like, when i first heard Interpol (before the strokes) in 2000 or maybe earlier, i was moved. I was thrown against the wall and beaten to a pulp and happy for it. This is why i say i was dragged to the Strokes show. Anyway, it was great and Julian talked a shit load, which  pleased me a lot since he's actually funny at times -- despite being totally slurred at times. Anyway, Mazel Tov to Juliet.