...SINCE I STOPPED DRINKING AGAIN   On saturday i went to   Andy"s  for a BBQ with   Lindsay . The discussion turned to the effects drusg vs. alcohol has on the brain. Before I continue, I should mention that Andy is a Scientist and goes to medical school and knows these things. Anyway, Andy has no reason to tell me the truth about drugs vs. alochol effects on the brain other then I might it interesting. We were drinking beers and he was telling me that Alchohol has the worst effect on the brain. That in a brain scan, and doctor can tell you if you're an alcoholic and that the effects are not only irreversable but also permanant (which i guess is the same thing). Alcohol has a harsher effect on the brain then pot, E, coke, and heroin -- because at least with those drugs, your brain can go back to normal after a short amount of time (the effects of E are still up in the air).   So it was with this information that i decided that i really needed to curb my lifestyle. I know i tried it in the past, but before I didn't feel like my reasons were backed with enough scientific reasoning. I stopped drinking because it was expensive and i was making a fool of myself when drunk. I stopped drinking because i wound up with inexplicable cuts and bruises. I stopped drinking because my family were threatening AA and rehab.  But then i started drinking again. The money problem was sorted with my decision to only drink when someone else is buying. The other problems were fixed by drinking a little less or being careful of who i drink with so that they could expect and maybe enjoy my drunken behavior.  Now i'm going to curb my alcohol reason for medical reasons.   I haven't had a drink since saturday, and while i'm not gonna stop drinking all together, i WILL reinstate my "drinking only on two nights a week" rule. Tomorrow will be on of those days, presumably, since i'm attending two birthday parties and djing one, but friday and sunday will be sober days.   Anyway, that's all. Goodnight. Tomorrow, i'm posting a link about the Asobie Seksu video.