I was  so  bored today, that I actually started a blog. That's right people, a BLOG!   Anyway, I was going to go and see 'Bend it Like Beckham' at seven on Sunday. The movie was sold out! And it's been out for...lets see, three months? We had to go to the ten oclock showing. It didn't have very much soccer in it, which was the main reason I wanted to see it. We have a soccer game this weekend. Ugh. I really don't care if we win or not. But I do want to win the game next weekend and kick some SAC Twister a...erm, butt!   Went running today. Almost three miles. Was too tired to run any farther. I have Tae Kwon Do tomorrow, and I don't want to go to the Sparring Team class. I hate it. We don't even Spar for goodness sake! I guess now that I've been a black belt for a while Tae Kwon Do has kind of taken a back seat to everything else.  Sheesh. I seriously think our teachers planned all their unit tests on the same day. We had a science test on the Earth's atmosphere, we had a Spanish test on unit 3.3, and we had a drill quiz in Art. Then tomorrow we have a math test on all the Algebraic Geometry we've done in the past few units, and then next week we have a General Music test on Rock-n-Roll, Rock-a-Billy, and Surf Music in the 1900s. Fun. And finals are in two weeks.  The 8th grade dance is on Friday the Thirteenth. What about the kids in our class who are Triskaidekaphobic? Honestly. And they won't even let us have it in the gym, Mrs. Izzo is making us have it in the CAFETERIA! It's so dirty in there after all three lunches it isn't even funny. The janitors clean it and all, but it stinks like no tomorrow in there.   Heather curled her hair today! It was all spiraled and pretty-pretty! We got to talking about this one girl in our school, and she has such long hair that we want to put bubble-gum in it and see if she chops it all off. But that would be mean, says Beth. Yada yada. Bla bla.   Basketball is *evil*. Pure hell is gym class basketball. C'mon, we should at least do some cool sport, like volleyball, track, or soccer. But NO, we do basketball! Mr. Reed makes us walk around the track and dribble with our right hand. Then he says to try it with our left hand. Now, I won't go into detail, but to put it simply, I can't dribble a basketball with my left hand. THEN he told us to dribble left-handed AND jog at the same time. I can't even get walking/dribbling left-handed right, so you can imagine what RUNNING while dribbling left-handed is like for me! It left me begging him to let us play soccer the next class.   Feeling:  Tired. Confident.  Drinking:  Water.  Eating:  Nothing.   Listening to:  Evanescence.   Reading:  Sabriel by Garth Nix. Pretty good book.  Writing:  That Fantasy story for Language Arts that is limited to SIX pages. Honestly. Can she *really* put a limit on imagination? *Smiles innocently*  Procrastinating:  Spanish amd Math homework.