Errr, yeah. Hi.   Uhh, we won that soccer game 2-1, and now our team has 'bragging rights' or whatever. I know if the other team had won, they'd be living it up but our team is 'too humble' and no one has even mentioned the game at school. Oh well. But I almost killed three players during the game. I swear, I'm the only one on either team who thinks people shouldn't get called for pushing, but maybe that's because I unconsiously do that every game. Apparently, as the one girl calls it, I 'side tackled' her. Another girl, I was trying to take the ball from her and we both ran into my team's sweeper, Nora. As I tripped, I kicked the other girl who was falling to, in the eye. Now she has a black eye and Nora says she had her leg tested and it is bruised in five places.   Every singe final except for math is on the THIRTEENTH! Thats FRIDAY, the 13th!! Honestly, there are at least two people I know who have triskaidekaphobia! Not to mention the fact that for midterms they spaced them out! Mrs. Weigand says the History test will be killer, but I don't think so. It's on all the things that happened after the signing of the constitution. Can't be that hard. Still, Melissa thinks the only ones anyone is going to pass are Language Arts and Math. Spanish. Will. Kill. Us. All.  In other news, the school dance was canceled for about three days and a weekend, and I didn't find out until Monday. Now they've put it back on. And now they're raising lunch prices for next year. Our county sucks. It's not the kids fault the food costs so much! Oh well. Maybe next year they won't have the price raise in the high school.   Basketball is STILL EVIL, but we're starting floor hockey tomorrow. In art, well...I have no idea what we're doing in art. General Music class is so boring, I think everyone just sleeps during it. We just learned about DISCO AND ABBA!    You are the dancing queen  Young and sweet only seventeen  See that girl, watch that scene  Diggin the dancing queen!    I swear, leave it to Mrs. Zeigler to make you fall asleep.   Feeling:  Exhausted. Sick.  Drinking:  Water  Eating:  I just ate pancakes. Yum.  Listening to:  Ahhh, mix.   Reading:  Lirael by Garth Nix. Another good book. So far.  Writing:  Gah. Posts for BD and DOTG. But I haven't been online for those two in a while. They'll kill me. Tea and Emmie and Margery will kill me. I'M SORRY AIKO, TANIS, AND CELESTIA!!!  Procrastinating:  Taking Jaedyn to Tanis' party. Busy Busy.  Bye. School.