OMG! I was at six flags today...it was really boring (derr) except for I got into a fight with some stranger. I was there with my dad, Shelb, Meghan, Brad, and meesh. meesh and I went on this little spinny kinda ride that had cows for the seats. While we were waiting for the ride to start, one of the game koisks was playing some rap song (like I would know what the hell they were saying...::rolls eyes:: ). The girls across from our cow were waving their arms like they were eminem or something it was soo funny, and I know it sounds stupid now but it was hilarious when meesh and I saw it. meesh was like, "Holy sh!t, its the winner of the million dollar America's Funniest Home Video award!"   The 'rap' girls in the cow noticed we were laughing at them and one of them (who had really nappy blond hair and was wearing a bandaid on her cheek) sneered at us and screamed "BOO!"  "Yeah! We're really scared 'cause of your mask!" meesh screamed back. *snickers* meesh is so cool. Then of course, I *had* to add, "Oh wait, it isn't a mask!" of course. Stupid, yes, but classic, ne?  I GOT AIM REINSTALLED! Hallelujah! I've erased all these old s/n (paula, alex, hannah, erica...) but people who I don't know (or don't want to know) keep IMing me. But at least I can still talk to soccer friends, dotg peoples, bd peoples, and sheroes. That's cool. Besides, I love my new away messages! LoL. I HAVE DEDICATED A HIPPO AWAY MESSAGE TO *YOU* EMMIE, I HOPE YOU'RE HAPPY! LoL.   Meghan is leaving tomorrow. YEAH! I can't wait. Mom says I should go and see her off, but I really don't want to. I hope she has fun in D.C. since all she did while she was here all she did was complain about Brad. Oh well. I hope she has fun when she goes back home and then she'll be stuck with all three of her brothers! Brad has a twin...lol.   Ugh. MD is so boring during the summer. I see my friends a lot but there is never anything to do around here. Oh well...again...I saw the Constellation last week though, an old Civil War battleship. That was kind of cool. Except that the ceilings were a bit too low for my mom so she couldn't come below deck with me, Brad, Meg, and meesh.  My mom got back from here weekend work trip to Cali on...what was it...SUNDAY! She brought us all T-shirts from China-town. They're in my (and my moms...like mother like daughter...) favorite colors! Ten bucks to the person who guesses it first... (*hint*Black and Red*hint*)  Tryouts are the fifteenth! I'm so ready! If I don't make soccer, no big deal. Keneisha, mom, and meesh all say I should just try out for cross country anyway since I'm a runner. I lurrrve running. Those are the only sports I'm really good at....soccer, track/cross country, and Tae Kwon Do. I am *not* hand-eye coordinated, but I can do any sport that heavily involves footwork.   Speaking of TKD, I had a great practice tonight...just thought I'd mention it...being a black belt rocks...we get to learn all the awesome kicks.   Sundae is such a cutie pie! Everyone mixes *her* up with Midnight, but I don't blame them. We made her an indoor cat after what happened to Middie. But she is soooooo like him its not even funny. She gets along with GenGen well...   Feeling:  Tired I guess.   Drinking:  Water...what else is new? My mom has banned pop until I get my brackets off, and I just don't care for anything but water and milk besides pop. STOP MAKING FUN OF ME BECAUSE I SAY POP!!! (Random spasms, eh?)  Eating:  Yumm. Mexican rice.  Listening to:  "Away From Me" by Evanescence. Not sure which album its from though, since I burned a new CD with my favorites from all their old albums. I could look it up, but all the Evanescence CDs from before  Fallen  are under my bed. I don't want to go there unless its absolutely necessary.  Reading:  Corsairs & Corsets...by several authors that I don't feel like listing right now.   Writing:  Chapter six, so sue me. I know, I know! I need to keep writing! I've planned everything but I just can't write it out!  Procrastinating:  Practicing guitar. I know meesh will be pissed when I get to the rehearsals and I mess up all the time. I need to stop procrastinating...