Whoot! I'm back from Vacation! Hell yeah!  On Friday, June 27th, my parents and sister and I drove 18 hours from Central Maryland to Winona, Minnesota where my dad's family lives. We stayed in a Holiday Inn that has a really nice pool (that I didn't swim in this year for some reason...can't remember why). On Saturday we just kinda visited with everyone and played cards a lot. Don't go to visit my dad's family unless you can deal cards really quickly or play cribbage and count your cards correctly. Up there its hard core card playing! LoL.   On Sunday we did the same for most of the day. Shelby beat me at BS and King's Corner all day. That night me, Shelby, my parents, Aunt Kim, and cousin Faith went to see some movies 'cause we were all kinda bored. At least I was kinda. My mom and I went to see  Alex & Emma  while everyone else went to see  Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle. Alex & Emma  was about a writer who falls in love with his sternographer (sp? someone who types out everything in code). Mom and I were the only two in the theatre!  On Monday we went to a place where there were a ton of hand-crafted and hand-made toys and a whole carosel made of these awesome carved animals. We also played mini-golf. It was awesome. On Tuesday we went horse-back riding. I had a pretty brown mare named Dixie. We went on a trail that went uphill and I was so freaked out that the horse would go over the edge and take me with her! LoL. On Wednesday we said goodbye to my Grandparents who were about to leave for my grandpa's doctor appointment. He has cancer and needs to get medicine every Wednesday.  Then we left and drove 8 hrs to get to Gwinn, Michigan. On the way, my dad got a ticket in Wisconsin for speeding to get past some slow driver. It's one-way traffic up there so the police guy fined him extra. In Wisconsin we also stopped at a cheese store where I asked the lady at the counter if the cheese was quality as stated in the Quality Cheese Act of 2003. She looked at me like I was crazy, but I don't blame her.  Now, Gwinn is a  really  small town. They don't have air conditioning usually. They have no fast-food restaurants at all, but they do have a sit-in pizza parlour and an ice cream shop. Population: 1,500. We stayed in the Red Fox Inn at a closed-down Military Base about five miles away from Gwinn. My grandmother's and Aunt Nora's house (connected) were filled up since my Uncle Joe's family (Aunt Sue, RJ, Desi, Katie, & Sara) and my Aunt Lucy and my Uncle Glenn would be staying there.  On Thursday me, Shelb, Dad, & Mom went to the nearest city (Marquette) and looked around all the shops. The guy at a guitar/music store yelled at me when I tried to pick up and play one of the guitars, saying that the natural oils from my hands would rust the strings. Now, I have two guitars and have had them for a long time, and the strings on them sure as hell don't look rusted! Later on Thursday we went and picked up my Uncle Glenn from the Airport.  On Friday (4th of July) we all went down to the park in Gwinn to celebrate Independance day. Every year they have a little fair hosted by the VFW (Veterans of Foreign Wars) and the Fire dept on alternating years. This year it was the Fire dept. Shelby and I won $93 with these rip-ticket things. At night on Friday we went down to the lake and campground my Great-Uncle Norm Meden owns (Meden's Eden, LoL) and my dad set off fireworks with my 2nd cousin Andre.   On Saturday...erm...what did we do on Saturday...oh yeah! Okay, we went to this mountain called Sugarloaf where you can climb to the top where there is a little overhang where you can look at Lake Superior. Shelby, Katie, RJ, and I went the "Difficult" trail (one without a trail, LoL, we literally went rock climbing) while Aunt Lucy and my mom went the easy way where there were steps to climb. Then we went down to the break wall nearby on Lake Superior and skipped rocks.   On Sunday morning we all left Michigan to drive almost 20 hours to Maryland again. It shouldve only taken 16 hours but the Pennsylvania turnpike was hell. People would stop just to watch a trucker get a ticket or stop to watch a family pee in the bushes.   So now I'm home again!   Feeling:  Happy. LoL. 'Nuff said.  Drinking:  RC cola! Something besides WATER! Halleluja!  Eating:  Blueberry muffins  Listening to:  "Someday I'll Fly Away" Moulin Rouge Soundtrack.  Reading:  RPGs  Writing:  Catch-up RPG posts  Procrastinating:  Sending a "Get Well" card to my Grandma, who is in surgery.  G'Night MD! IT FEELS SO GOOD TO BE HOME!