Away From Me    I hold my breath as this life starts to take its toll I hide behind a smile as this perfect plan unfolds But oh, God, I feel I've been lied to Lost all faith in the things I have achieved and  I have woken now to find myself In the shadows of all I have created I'm longing to be lost in you Away from this place I have made Won't you take me away from me?  Crawling through this world  As this ease flows through my veins I look into myself But my own heart has been changed I can't go on like this I loathe all I've become  I, I've woken now to find myself In the shadows of all I have created I'm longing to be lost in you Away from this place I have made Won't you take me away from me?  Lost in a dying world I search for something more I have grown so weary of this lie I live and  I, I've woken now, to find myself In the shadows of all I have created I'm longing to be lost in you Away from this place I have made Won't you take me away from me  Away from me Away from me From me From me   Yeah, I'm in the Moody Music mood. I'm so incredibly bored, that I've gone through my room and thrown out everything that I have no more need of. I've found things from when I first moved here seven and a half years ago and I found stuff from when I first moved into the basement three and a half years ago. I can't wait until school on Tuesday. Ninth grade is kind of boring, but its a lot better than being grounded at home. What really sucks is that I'm looking at three more weeks of punishment and yet Hannah, who did the real dirty work that got me in trouble in the first place, gets off doing nothing. Her parents probably don't even know about what happened! So I'm the one in trouble. No worries though, Hannah, I just love being on punishment. *snickers*  I've become a fan of Coldplay. At first I really didn't like their music. The first song of theirs that I heard, "Clocks", pissed me off because they stole "my" beat. Not that it was copywrited or anything. But any of my best friends could tell you that before that song came out I was drumming my hands to that beat. That's a stupid reason for not liking them, though, I know. My other reason was for the same reason I dislike the Dave Mathews (sp?) Band. Their music was too mellow. But later on, when I heard "The Scientist" I realized that their music wasn't truly mellow, it was just...well, heartfelt and honest. Full of sincerity and angst without having to cuss and strum power chords. Beauty. That is how I recently (yesterday, actually) started actually liking Coldplay. SHUT UP!! DON'T LAUGH AT ME LIKE THAT!! LoL.  I've also recently realized that I really don't mind different styles of music. No, I don't adore Rap (Go Shawty, Ish yo Birfday...what the hell is that?), and I don't swoon for pop (Dirrrrrrty...what the...), but I really don't diss it like I used to. I've become so used to it (especially 50, since he's all over the place) that I don't mind it. But my heart still stays with Alternative and Classic rock. Thank God for that.   I also find it hilarious that Avril Lavigne, the so-called Punk Rawk Princess, was nominated for the POP award at the MTV Video Music Awards. She so adamantly calls her music "Hard Core Punk Rawk" that I found it endlessly funny that she was nominated for an award category that also featured such "hated" artists as Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears. I love you, MTV, for showing Avril what she is, but I hate you, MTV, for not showing us Avril's face when she was nominated for a POP award. Really, I don't mind Avril's music, as I've said before, I've become used to the addling little pre-teen wanna-be Avril-ites, but she shouldn't be calling her music rock. I mean, Britney Spears' music stinks, but at least she isn't calling it Rap or Hard Core Metal.   Lately I find myself listening more and more to the guitar parts in music, picking out the notes and chords. I no longer look at a song as a whole, but I rate a song by its lyrics and its guitar chords. Its sincerity. How the singer and performers really feel. Did you  see  Chris Martin's  face   as he sang "The Scientist" in front of the VMA audience? Did you see his passion? What about Michelle branch when she sang "Goodbye to You" live on my birthday last year? Did you hear her youth and her enthusiasm as she sang? What about every single song Linkin Park plays? Do you hear it in their voices?  That , my friends, is what music is really all about.  Here I am, rambling on (no pun intended) about music. What else is there to do?   Now, honestly, I totally despise everything Christina Aguilera stands for, the way she dresses and carries herself, but I can't help but give her some props for "Can't Hold Us Down." Honestly, forget the fact that she's the only white person in the video, and forget her passive (but strong) voice and Lil Kim's appearance in the song/video. Listen to the lyrics closely...   So what am I not supposed to have an opinion Should I be quiet just because I'm a woman Call me a #### cos I speak what's on my mind Guess it's easier for you to swallow if I sat and smiled   When a female fires back Suddenly the target don't know how to act So he does what any little boy will do Making up a few false rumors or two   That for sure is not a man to me Slanderin' names for popularity It's sad you only get your fame through controversy  But now it's time for me to come and give you more to say   This is for my girls all around the world Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth Thinking all women should be seen, not heard So what do we do girls? Shout louder! Letting them know we're gonna stand our ground Lift your hands high and wave them proud Take a deep breath and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down   Nobody can hold us down Nobody can hold us down Nobody can hold us down Never can, never will So what am I not supposed to say what I'm saying Are you offended by the message I'm bringing Call me whatever cos your words don't mean a thing Guess you ain't even a man enough to handle what I sing   If you look back in history It's a common double standard of society The guy gets all the glory the more he can score While the girl can do the same and yet you call her a whore   I don't understand why it's okay The guy can get away with it & the girl gets named All my ladies come together and make a change Start a new beginning for us everybody sing   This is for my girls all around the world Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth Thinking all women should be seen, not heard What do we do girls? Shout louder! Letting them know we're gonna stand our ground Lift your hands high and wave 'em proud Take a deep breath and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down Lil' Kim: Check it - Here's something I just can't understand If the guy have three girls then he's the man He can either give us some head, sex her off If the girl do the same, then she's a whore But the table's about to turn I'll bet my fame on it Cats take my ideas and put their name on it It's aiight though, you can't hold me down I got to keep on movin' To all my girls with a man who be tryin to mack Do it right back to him and let that be that You need to let him know that his game is whack And Lil' Kim and Christina Aguilera got your back   But you're just a little boy Think you're so cute, so coy You must talk so big  To make up for small lil' things So you're just a little boy All you'll do is annoy You must talk so big  To make up for small lil' things   This is for my girls... This is for my girls all around the world Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth Thinking all women should be seen, not heard So what do we do girls? Shout louder! Letting them know we're gonna stand our ground Lift your hands high and wave 'em proud Take a deep breath and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down   This is for my girls all around the world Who've come across a man who don't respect your worth Thinking all women should be seen, not heard So what do we do girls? Shout louder! Letting them know we're gonna stand our ground Lift your hands high and wave 'em proud Take a deep breath and say it loud Never can, never will, can't hold us down Spread the word, can't hold us down    Really, Christina. You've outdone yourself this time. " You must talk to big to make up for smaller things... " Whoa! What girl honestly has never wanted to say this to some guy that was being, as "Snoop Dogg" would say, P-I-M-P? I really love the concept Christina is trying to get across here. Not that I'm promoting sluts or anything, but really, there always has and always will be a double standard for girls as opposed to guys. Prime example for kids at school: when we do Superfit, there are always goals for guys doing the events for superfit and they're always different from girls. Hell, I know girls who could whoop ass going by the guy's standards for the Superfit awards in P.E.   Oh, lets talk about Stacie Orrico. Damn, I'm talking about a lot of Pop People today, aren't I? Well, don't worry, If you're still hanging on and still reading this, I'll get to my beloved Alternative rock soon. I don't like her first single, "Stuck", but I love her second single, "More To Life".  Read:   I've got it all  But I feel so deprived I go up, I come down  And I'm emptier inside Tell me what is this thing That I feel like I'm missing And why can't I let it go  There's gotta be more to life Than chasing down every temporary high To satisfy me 'Cause the more that I'm Tripping out thinking there must be More to life Well there's life, but I'm sure There's gotta be more Than wanting more  I've got the time  But I'm wasting it slowly Here in this moment I'm halfway out the door Onto the next thing I'm searching for Something thats missing  There's gotta be more to life Than chasing down every temporary high To satisfy me 'Cause the more that I'm  Tripping out thinking their must be More to life Well there's life but I'm sure There's gotta be more  I'm wanting...more I'm always waiting on something Better than this Why am I feeling like there's Something I'm missing?  There's gotta be more to life Than chasing down every temporary high To satisfy me 'Cause the more that I'm Tripping out thinking there must be More to life Well there's life but I'm sure There's gotta be more...    Plus I love her accent. Where is she from, anyway? She sounds Spanish or Mexican, almost. I dunno...  Next song on the list. "Hell Song" by Sum41. Not really Rock, I know. More like...punk-pop, eh? Although they act like dorks in the video, I like the lyrics to this song too. " I feel I've come to realize / How fast life can be compromised... " Okay. Cool. " Knowing endless / Consequences / I feel so useless in this... " Don't we all feel this way sometimes? What about that chorus...hmmmmm:   Part of me won't agree 'Cause I don't know if its for sure Suddenly, suddenly, I don't feel so insecure Part of me won't agree 'Cause I don't know if its for sure Suddenly, suddenly, I don't feel so insecure Anymore....   Another song. I have no idea who sings this one, but I know that its called Kryptonite. I know this is an old song, and I used to listen to it when my friends let me borrow their "Now" CDs. I'm not sure which "Now" it is on, since their are like, twenty of those CDs, but I've loved the song for a long time. I heard it again 'cause my dad burned it onto one of his CDs and we were listening to it on the way to Jason's. My favorite verse is this:   You've called me strong You've called me weak But still your secrets I will keep You took for granted All the times I never let you down...   Mmmkay, know the feeling. But I won't name any names. And I won't do that cough thing where you cough and then put the name in the cough somewhere. I know you were expecting that, don't deny it.   I still like Evanescence, but only the guitar parts because they're easy to learn and quite catchy sometimes. I've fallen in love with "Bowling for Soup". They have a wicked re-make of "I Ran (So Far Away)". How do I know that it was a killer,  wicked awesome remake? Even Dad liked it. Coooool. I also think that their song, "Punk Rock 101" is funny.   I don't know what else to write, but I'm likely to post again tomorrow about the woes of being grounded.