On Friday I had my B-day classes, which I will go into now...  First I had Creative Writing. Let me first remind you that on the schedules all they put are the course title, the teachers NAME (NOT their Title, ie, Mrs. Mr. etc), and the room number. So I walk in, and since the student's seats were apparently shown by the name cards (uhh, duh), I began looking for my name card and seat. I walk past one isle and into another and see the teacher. She's middle-aged, not young, not old. I ask, "Mrs. Mitchell?" Just to make sure I'm in the right class, you see, since I could not find my name. She glares at me, looking down her nose in a most regal way. " Dr.  Mitchell." She replies. If Heather were there, she'd say, "Oh no she didn't!" (I miss you Heather! Where are you? Did you go to Glen Burnie?) Anyway, she went through the usual, boring, first-day course syllabus, and our first essay question was, "Who Are You?"   Being the psychotic person that I am, I wrote a stupid, one and a half page essay that was melodramatic and predictable, since I was pissed off about the original and misleading outline of creative writing which had made me originally sign up for the course in the first place. My last three sentences were: "Most of all, I am Mallory. I will always be Mallory. Who are you?"  *Snorts*  Melissa, a girl from my Sunday School classes, was in my Creative Wri. class. I knew I recognized her from somewhere! She talked to me after class and I was like, "Oh yeah! Melissa! Duh!" I felt so stupid. My second class was Spanish II, which was in one of the portable classrooms outside, and Melissa walked with me since she had Spanish too. I was surprised to find that two-thirds of the class was 10th and 11th graders. It kinda made me feel cool, being a 9th grader and all. Anyway. Familiar Faces: Catie, HANNAH (ack), Ashley, Melissa, Willie, Chris, Todd (LoL), and other people...yeah. Spanish was real boring, but not half as boring as Am. Govt on A-Day is.   Then I walked all the way back inside to have A lunch, as opposed to the D lunch I have on A-days. Confuzzling, ne? There were considerably more Southies at this lunch. Paula. LoL. *Snort* I sat with Catie and Ashley. Familiar Faces: Catie, Ashley, Paula, Cheryl, Jill, Daniel, Todd, etc. The whole gang. Did you know they sell Gatorade (sp?) and Mozzerella sticks at High School? COOOOL!  Then I walked all the way back OUTSIDE for Algebra I. Same familiar faces: Catie, Ashely, Krista, Todd. I also noticed that SEAN was in my Algebra class. LoL. Algebra was okay. Real easy though. Speaking of easy...  Todd and I went to Guitar I next. All summer I feared that Guitar I would be far, far too easy for me. My fears were confirmed when I picked up a guitar from the wall. We plucked out three notes on the High E string, E, F, and G. We weren't allowed to have picks, and we didn't even strum some chords. Linnell talked about advancing about five of the more seasoned guitarists to Guitar II, but I don't think she'll keep her word. Let me put it this way: its like being Spanish and knowing Spanish, then signing up for Spanish as a class. Or, more like me or anyone else like me taking ESOL (English Speakers of Other Languages). Get it?  Other than that, its all good. Power flickered on and off with a HUGE dry thunderstorm Friday afternoon. Just thought I'd ought to tell you.