Was going to post yesterday as promised, but...  Right. Back track to Tuesday morning, 5:30 AM. I wake up and get dressed and get everything ready, and go out to the bus stop at 6:30 for my first day of High School. I stood around waiting for the bus with Mandy, a neighborhood friend who is in tenth grade now, and a fellow freshman from Middle School South, Catie. I sat with Catie, and it felt so incredibly strange to be sitting in the front of the bus. I was glad to be leaving the bus stop though, because there are a few creepy people that go to my bus stop. There were about five gothic folk out there, one of whom I remember from Middle School when he was asked to cut, dye, and spike (with Elmers glue) the principal's hair. The other people there were Nina and Claire, people who I also remembered from Middle School, but I stayed away from them since they were smoking and puffing some ciggarets. I leared from my father's mistakes and decided a long time ago that I would never EVER smoke in my life.  Fast forward to Advisory period. This is kind of like homeroom, and mine holds all the freshan with 'S' last names. We sat in alphabetical order, and I happened to get a seat next to one freshman who had failed ninth grade and was back again. Mrs. Hrebiniak (I amazed myself by pronouncing it correctly) explained everything to us, though it was really boring because most of it was stuff we remembered from middle school. She was very sweet, but Mrs. Hrebiniak did treat us like we were kindergarteners. She was nice though. Kind of.  Next I made my way downstairs and without any trouble found my English 9 teacher, Mrs. Andrione. She spoke with a Botsonian's accent and has become one of my favorite teachers already, though I have yet to meet my other four on the next B-day. She's already given us homework, and I'm COMPLETELY stumped as to what I am going to write by tomorrow.  The only time I got "lost" was going from English 9 to Keyboarding (mandatory, I swear). But I found it before the bell rang and found a seat next to other "Southies". Mrs. Taylor was boring, but she didn't hand out as many papers and Mrs. Andrione so I was happy. My parents weren't because these days the school system drills you to death with permission slips, consent forms, insurance forms (in case of DEATH or DISMEMBERMENT, y'know, *sarcasm*), and queries for money for just about everything BUT the schooling itself, which comes out of taxes anyway.  Next was Biology. Remember that girl from homeroom/advisory? Yeah, the one that failed? She was in my science class, along with four others who either failed ninth grade, or just biology. Luckily there were about ten others there who I recognized from South. It was a small class. Biology teacher seemed to be a kind of "Wanna-be young" kind of person, but she gave us raisins as we (quickly) went through what was inorganic and organic. Then we went to lunch.  There were only about ten Southies there that I recognized, and I sat with Amber (from P.E.) and Brandon (the one who asked me to the dance last year, when I couldn't go). Lunch sucked. I had packed a snack, in case there was nothing good at the cafeteria lines, but the only reason I couldn't get cafeteria food was because the damn schools raised the prices for lunch! 1.75 for a main course, a small side, and milk! It used to be 1.10! That means its like, 40 cents for MILK! What is the world coming to? I'm paying more for lunch than my parents are gor one gallon of gas...well, barely since the gas prices are almost two dollars now too...  American Government. This was so incredibly BORING. I'm not even joking. Mr. Bright was old, I knew that from the start. He talked really, really low. He didn't know how to pronounce my name (which isn't too surprising) but not only that, he couldn't pronounce the name "KATIE". We had to yell for him to be able to hear us correct him. The teacher next door seemed a lot more fun, because we could hear him making his "back-to-school" speech about how everyone is important and everyone can make a difference. Mr. Bright goes, "Yes, I remember when I had that boy as a student, right there." He points to my seat. Mr. Bright really *was* old.  Then I made my way down to the girl's locker room, so I could change for cross-country practice. The soccer team was in the Girls Gym lobby, since they had a scrimmage. The field hockey girls came in after me, and kept complaining about how the lights were out in the bathroom. At cross-country, we did our warm-up run around the school twice, which is almost two miles since its the high school and two other middle schools. Then coach made us run six 800s (two laps around the track), each with six minutes rest between, each 800 under four minutes. When we finished, we were about to do our routine sprints to end the day, but we heard thunder so the cross-country team and the field hockey team packed up and either went home with their parents or went to the Girls Gym Lobby to wait for their parents to pick them up.   We were walking to the Gym, me and Kendra, when the wind got REALLY REALLY bad, and started to whip sand at us. So we started running to the gym, and got their just in time before the pouring rain came. We waited there with the field hockey people and the football boys for about a half hour. Coach let us use his cell phone to call home, and he even took one girl home since her mother was stuck in traffic. Before the rain and the lightning ended though, the janitors came to the girls lobby. They got pissed off because two of the ceiling tiles fell down because of the huge winds, and they actually ORDERED US ALL TO LEAVE THE GYM. They kicked us OUT OF THE SCHOOL! The doors only open from the inside, so we had to wait outside for our parents, in the rain and lightning. Christena was like, "This has to be illegal in at least five different ways..." Then my dad picked me up.  We got home, and the cable (TV and Internet) was out. The power had gone out for almost a half hour before.   This morning, school was canceled because the school and some of the students didn't have power at all. Now we have cable back, which I am very glad of because I'm grounded and am stuck in the house.   Tuesday had to be the most exciting day since...a long time ago....