NOTE: I know I haven't posted in a while, but just to let you know, Cross-Country is taking up loads of my time so I won't even post again until school starts next Tuesday when I actually have something important to say.   BOWLING FOR SOUP ROCKS! Whoooooo!  See? I have nothing important to say!    Spell your first name backwards: Yrollam Story behind your user name: Depends on which one your talking about. For my AIM and Sheroes s/n, its just because I play guitar. Where do you live: Maryland, USA 4 words that sum you up: Observant, Active, Talkative, Psycho CD in stereo: Bowling for Soup - Punk Rock 101 and Drunk Enough to Dance Piercings: ears only Hair: Dark brown with weird wine red/auburn streaks in the front. Don't ask. Makeup: Mascara and sometimes lipgloss. In my mouth: Gum, even though my mom yells at me for it since I also have ten brackets and a pallet expander in my mouth. In my head: my brain... Wishing: I had more time. After this: Cross Country, School Orientation for us lowly freshmen. Then bed...HALLELUJAH! Talking to: No one right now. Eating: Nothing   ~!*Other Info*!~  Some of your favorite movies: Pirates of the Carribean, Beauty and the Beast, Moulin Rouge, tons of others that I just can't think about right now. Something you're looking forward to next month: LABOR DAY! We shouldn't even start school till the Tues. after that. It makes no sense to go in a week early. Dumb superintendant. Something that you are deathly afraid of: Tornadoes (But I love thunderstorms) and Spiders. Do you like candles: Sure...I like to bring back the ghost of ALIYAH THE SINGER with them, right Banana? Do you believe in love: No. Do you believe in soul mates: Maybe. Do you believe in love at first sight: No. Do you believe in forgiveness: Depends. If you could have any animal for a pet: Erm...I want Midnight back! WAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH! What are 3 cities you wouldn't mind relocating to: Edinborough again, Winona, Gwinn. What are some of your favorite pig out foods: Coke, bread, cool ranch doritoes. What's something you wish you could understand better: People in general.  ~!*IN THE LAST 24 HOURS HAVE YOU*!~   Cried: No. Bought something: No. Gotten sick: Almost, after Cross-Country and two Tae Kwon Do classes I'm surprised I was vertical when I got into the car. Eaten: Yes, unlike some people I know who starve themselves. Been kissed: Not in the last 24 hours, no. Felt stupid: Yeah. Wanted to tell someone you loved them, but didn’t: Okay, not in the last 24 hours.  Talked to an ex: Nope.  Missed an ex: *Nods* Talked to someone you have a crush on: No, but if you extended that to 48 hours then yeah. Had a serious talk: Nope. Missed someone: Yes. Laughed: Yes! Watched a movie or TV: YES! I watched TRL today and they were doing all this DIY stuff and one of the people was working on a T-shirt that I was wearing! One of the Tees I made! Wow!! Dreamed about someone you can't be with: No.   That's about it. Write again when school starts.