Oh, dear Lord! Save me from this hell-hole that is Maryland! Save me from the boredom and save me from a wasted summer! It has been so incredibly boring these past few days. Excruciatingly boring. Okay, want to hear about my day? No, I didn't think so! Oh well, I'll tell you anyway. I woke up this morning at ten-thirty, which I was proud of since for the past two weeks I've been sleeping in since noon. Then I did nothing but watch TV and hang out on the computer until I had to get ready for Tae Kwon Do.   Then I left for Tae Kwon Do. TKD was a bit more entertaining that life at home had been, since Michelle was there to laugh at/with. Even though Dennis was there, it was a decent practice because Master Kim was there too. Before we start class, Dennis asks everyone if they did anything exciting over the summer. Like three people raise their hands and they all say something to the extent of "So-and-so had surgery done!" Well, Michelle I guess was feeling goofy or couldn't help but comment. She goes, "Oh yeah! Over the weekend I had my left breast removed!" It doesn't sound funny now, but under the circumstances it was so completely hilarious! We were laughing and sniggering for a few minutes and we finally realize that Master Kim heard the whole thing! Michelle was like, "Ahh, ooops?"   Quizzes, sweet quizzes:    WIND is your chinese symbol!       What Chinese Symbol Are You? -- Updated (7/21/03)     brought to you by   Quizilla    RUN LIKE THE WIND! WHOOOT! Okay, I really don't see why I got...wind...but whatever. Cool. I'm wind...awesome...   Yeah. That's about it for today. Anyway, I stole this fill-in-the blank thing from Beren's Xanga site. Thank you Beren. Sorry for stealing. I steal. I need to go to an AA meeting for thiefs...or I could just stop joking and hang out with the real thief...AVERY!!!! Whoot! Anyway, yeah, the quiz.   :::Ten bands you've been listening to lately::: 1. Sneaky Little Somebody 2. The Clash 3. Evanescence 4. System of a Down 5. The Foo Fighters 6. Queens of the Stone Age (Don't blame me. My dad's been driving me everywhere this week) 7. Moulin Rouge Soundtrack (Because I have no life) 8. Evenfall, but only the song "Cumbersome" because I love the intro guitar riffs. 9. John's band, but I have no idea what they're called. 10. The Donnas  :::Nine things you look forward to::: 1. Being a world-famous writer/novelist. ((hell yeah)) 2. Being the lead vocalist/lead guitarist in a famous band. 3. Eating my beloved Cool Ranch Doritoes. 4. Friday TKD class. 5. School to start. I know, its corny, but I just wanna start High School now and stop wasting my time like I have been all summer. So sue me.  6. Learning bass from meesh and teaching her guitar in return. 7. Shelby leaving for a camping trip. 8. Going back to London/England and Scotland next year. 9. Seeing all my friends back at school.  :::Eight things you like to wear::: 1. Jeans that are ripping at the bottom from dragging on the ground. 2. My comfy Vans 3. My comfy slippers 4. My pirate tees.  5. Tons of bracelets 6. Anything red.  7. The polar bear PJ pants that I was given by James the Butler. 8. The black pinstripe pants I wore to church last Sunday.  :::Seven things that annoy you::: 1. Shelby.  2. Brad and Meghan.  3. Cable TV that has nine hundred channels but never has any good shows on.  4. Some of the girly-girl airheads from school. 5. Dogs. 6. Can I name another person? Pleeeeeease? No? Okay then, I'll just waste this space then.  7. The word 'Said'  :::Six things you touch everyday::: 1. Guitar 2. My bed 3. CDs and Stereos 4. Pencils for drawing 5. Something explosive 6. Food.  :::Five things you do everyday::: 1. Play music (either with my guitar or with my stereo that I got from Ryan) 2. Groom myself (since I don't want to waste all the spaces, this involves showering, deoderizing, teeth-brushing, and wearing clean clothes. I hate feeling dirty) 3. Write 4. Speak in a different language 5. Use explosives on Brad   :::Four people you want to spend more time with::: 1. Heather 2. meesh 3. DotG folks 4. DV  :::Three movies you could watch over and over again::: 1. Moulin Rouge 2. Pirates of the Carribean 3. The Patriot   :::Two of your favorite songs at the moment::: 1. 'Missing' by Evanescence 2. 'Possessed' by Sneaky Little Somebody  :::One person you would spend the rest of your life with::: 1. Let me get back to you on that.  Yeah, so. Seeya.