*Sigh*  Another boring day in the life of...who am I? Oh yeah. Another boring day in the life of Mallory. When I die, no one will remember me and it feels good. Doesn't it feel good to know that after a few years, a few hundred bucks to replace the shed you blew up, and a new fire hydrant, you'll never be remembered? Oh yeah.   Went to church this morning. The message of today's homaly was "Your job description is not who you are." Sure, you may be a doctor, mother, lawyer or whatever, but deep down your true self is one of God's children. Thank God for St. Paul. Brad keeps comlpaining about St. Bernadette Parish. He says the homaly is too long, then he says that the songs are too long, then he says Father Nick's nose is too long...etc.etc. you get the idea, right?  First Day of School Countdown: 23 and a half days. Or is that 22 and a half? Oh well. Either way, High School is upon us and there is nothing we can do about it. Doesn't that feel great too? Knowing that you can't slow down time and ask the Superintendant for three more years of summer vacation.   Well, at guitar yesterday we finished writing down the sheet music for the song "Going Under" by Evanescence. Its really an easy song, and meesh & John could figure out the power chords just by listening to the CD. Awesome. Its easy to figure out the rhythm once you've got the chords too. All I need to figure out now is the guitar solo and that song is done, and we can move on to some more. Cooooool.  Not much else going on. Waiting for soccer try-outs. I'm not quite 100% optimistic about making it, but me and Sarah are more optimistic than some. "We're gonna try out, and we're gonna make it! Right Mallory? Mallory?"  Yeah. Ice Age, Sarah, Ice Age. *grin*   Feeling:  Bored. . .still.  Drinking:  Water.  Eating:  Sunflower seeds.  Listening to:  Exploding cars. Hehehe. They can't blame me. They'll never figure out who put the cooking oil in the middle of the street...::evil::  Reading:  Nothing.   Writing:  Chapter Seven.  Procrastinating:  White Horse/ Chapter Seven