Nothing really exciting happened today, but I had a good - well, better than most! - day so I thought I'd share it with ya'll. The first sign that it was a good day was that even though it was a Monday, it was a B-day and I got driven to school so it was a sign from God that something right would happen today.  Creative Writing - On my short story (Like Pandora's Box with a twist, I guess is the easiest way to explain it) I got a 190/200. The only reason I lost ten points was because my plotline was handed in a week earlier instead of with the whole packet. And on my Short Story test I got an 80/85 on my essay about Edgar Allen Poe's "The Tell-Tale Heart" and a 15/15 on my multiple choice, so a 95% on my SS test. That's great!  Err, well nothing happened in Spanish or Algebra or Guitar, nothing bad, but nothing particularly...nothing abnormally or unusually good either.   After school we had a short Cross-Country practice. We basically did warm-up and a 50 minute free-run on campus. We had pictures at four, and it was so funny because all the shorts are reaaaaaaally short and the boys' legs were all pale and white. The girls were all screaming and whooping about how sexy their legs looked and it was just so funny. After practice Coach told us his expectations for the meet tomorrow at Chesapeake. If you remember, we had a dual meet there for our first actual run. He told me that I need to shave about six minutes off my old time, and I'm sure I can shave off four minutes but I might have to try super-hard for six whole minutes...oh well, I'll do my best and have fun and that's all that matters.  At Tae Kwon Do we started Hap Ki Do lessons, which is basically a form of self-defense should you ever be grabbed or threatened. It was cool. Christa was kind of cold to me, and talked to me like I should know everything they were doing even though I had never taken HKD before. Its all good though...it was fun...Master K was there! Whoot! I love master K! (ewww, not like THAT! He's married! sheesh, you people and your sick minds! *smiles*)  Then I came home, and in less than a half-hour I finish a Periodic Report due tomorrow for American Govt. We had to find an article and write one page about the article and one page on our reaction. Boo ya. Mine sucks, but its better than not doing it at all. Its about this strange tradition in Swaziland where the king gets to choose one wife a year out of the hundreds of legally eligable young women. I guess he abducted one illegally and the mother is pressing charges with a bunch of human and woman's rights activists backing her up.  Now I have to finish my English Journal. We read, "The Cask of Amontillado" in English on Friday, and we had to write a journal answering these questions:  "Analyze the author's (Edgar Allen Poe's) narrator in the Short Story, "The Cask of Amontillado. How reliable is Montressor in telling the story?To what extent does Poe want the reader to trust Montressor's viewpoint? Why would an author deliberately create an unreliable narrator?"  Dude, Montressor was just psycho....and I've come to be reminded that in all the E.A. Poe stories I've read the [first person] narrator is always psycho. But Andrione says that Poe wrote a lot of romance/tragedies, and schools just play up all the drama/horror/thriller stories by Poe.  Oh well, I'm off to finish my Poe Journal. 'Night, folks!