Today Michelle Branch's new CD Hotel Paper came out. I usually don't listen to that kind of music (pop) but I like the lyrics to all of Branch's old songs, so I'll probably go out and get it tonight. But Target probably won't have it. I don't get it. They have tons of Harry Potter copies (which sold out before I could get a copy for mom and me to share) but they usually don't have the new CDs until about a month after they come out. Sheesh.   I've been drawing a lot lately. My book gives me inspiration to draw evil Pirate characters. *Don't Ask*.    "Are You Happy Now" by Michelle Branch   No, don't just walk away Pretending everything's okay And you don't care about me, yeah.  I know its just no use When all your lies become your truths And I don't care yea yeah yeah.  Could you look me in the eye And tell me that you're happy now Would you tell it to my face Or have I been erased Are you happy now? Are you happy now  You took all there was to take And left me with an empty plate And you don't care about it, yeah.  And I, I'm giving up this game And leaving you with all the blame 'Cause I don't care, yeah yeah yeah  Could you look me in the eye And tell me that you're happy now Would you tell it to my face Or have I been erased  Are you happy now  Are you happy now Are you happy now  Are you happy now  Yeah yeah yeah  Do you really have everything you want You can only give something you regret You can't run away from yourself  Could you look me in the eyes And tell me that you're happy now...  C'mon tell it to my face  Or have I been replaced Are you happy now? Yeah yeah yeah yeah oh  Would you look me in the eye? Could you look me in the eye?  I've had all that I can take I'm not about to break 'Cause I'm happy now, ooh.  Are you happy now?     Feeling:  Bored. I also feel like drawing again.  Drinking:  What's new here? Let me wake you up when I'm drinking something besides water, K?  Eating:  Nada.   Listening to:  "Your Song" Ewan McGregor from Moulin Rouge.  Reading:  So yeah, I'm waiting for my vacation so I can read...STILL  Writing:  My novel, duh!  Procrastinating:  I dunno. Oh yeah! I've gotta call Evan! Oh, Evan, if you're reading this, sorry I forgot last night! I was watching Rat Race! Y'know, the movie with the narcoleptic spaniard?