*Sighs*  So what else is new? Please, tell me something new. Practice on Friday sucked because I felt like crap. I got sick right after lunch, so maybe it was something I ate but all through practice I was sneezing and yawning and my eyes were watering and...it was just hell. I felt a bit better on Saturday when I went to see John, and I felt really good after my three-mile run with Kendra at four. That was cool.   We have sports team pictures on Monday, after practice so that we're all sweaty. Coach says it makes us look more "Real" and not all prissy in our pictures. I don't really care either way.   Halloween is coming. I've narrowed it down to two ideas for costumes. Now, before you go yelling at me, saying, "You're 14, in High school! Why are you dressing up for a kid holiday?" let me just explain. I always help out at the Tae Kwon Do Halloween party every year, and I need a costume for that. But that's not the only time I can wear it! I could also wear it to school on Halloween, since it'll be a Friday this year, and I'll also wear it when handing out candy to the kiddies. So, I've narrowed it down to being an authentically dressed pirate or Samara from "The Ring." I can't decide. They'd both be easy to make, so I'm stuck. PM me, IM me, write me, let me know! Help...  Ugh. Writer's block. Well, not really a block. I know what I want to write, but I just won't. I've put chapter eight off for almost a whole month now. I've edited everything on chapters one through seven, and they're changed and ready for review. I just can't get chapter eight out! Help!  Mom and Dad went to a football game tonight. Shelby has Sunday School tonight. I'll be all alone. For once! But then I have SS next week and I have to face Jackie and/or her mom. Miss Valerie is the sweetest person on earth! But, after what Hannah did I'm just so scared to face them. I'm so ashamed.  But, we found out what happened with Hannah. Its kind of a personal thing so I don't want to blurt it all out but, it explained a lot. It almost makes me feel a bit bad for her, but then again...after all the things she's done to me and all the trouble she has caused in my life its just so hard to feel sorry for a person like Hannah. The short story is that she's moved out of the school district for OMHS and won't be going there again, and I'm not likely to see her again for a long time so that's good. Might make things a little better in my social life without her ruining everything with my OMHS friends. She ruined everything last year in eigth grade.  So...talk to me people! I'm so bored. I should be working though...