Hey everyone. I know its been a while since I posted, but I lost power for two days during Isabel and there just hasn't been much going on lately.  Our meet on Thursday at Chesapeake got canceled, since its a low-lying ground and they were afraid it wouldn't be dry enough. They postponed it to next Tuesday, which means we'll have two meets in one weel; one on Tues. and one on Thurs. Oh, and today was Arundel day! Old Mill welcomed Arundel's JV boys soccer, Varsity boys soccer, Varsity girls soccer, and Varsity football to our stadium, meaning that XC had NO PLACE TO PRACTICE! I am beginning to dislike soccer more and more. Almost more than field hockey. I have friends on both teams and I'm not pissed off at any of them per ce, but I just wish that we could use the track more often.  Not much else going on. Well, tonight I got my letter for my 9Gup Black Belt test, which is like going down in levels of your black belt until you get your next stripe. Its Oct. 11, which is good because I have no meet that day at all. I have to cancel practice with John and JemJem though, but that happens every week and Black Belt tests only happen three or four times a year, so...  Meh. Nothing else. Argh. School is so dull. English is just getting to the point where I want to sleep during it (but I haven't yet). Keyboarding is just...so incredibly easy...if I don't use home row, that is. *evil grin* My science teacher treats us like babies, and that sucks. But my Am. Govt. teacher is fun to laugh with (at?) since he's totally deaf and you haev to scream out your answers and feel really stupid. But the company is good. Creative Writing is my best class by far. I love it. I only like Spanish2 because Catie and me and Amanda sit on the comfy floor. We've got CARPET in our Spanish class. Coooooool. Algebra is just...Algebra. And Guitar is too easy.  That's it. I've nothing more to say.  Hey friends, IM or Email or tell me which I should be for Halloween: A pirate or Samara from the Ring. Lemme know! Love ya!