Mmmmkay. What's up?  You've all heard about Isabel. She was an on-and off category 4/5 hurricane early this week, and it hit southern North Carolina Wednesday night when I got home from Karate. They already canceled school for today (Thursday), which I thought was kind of stupid since the last time they did that for a Hurricane two years ago it didn't even rain.   So I had off today.  Now its been raining with slight winds for about three hours now, but it really hasn't been that bad. Shelby is happy, since today is her birthday and she's never had off school on her birthday (Niether have I! Wahh). Then I learned from coach that school would be out on Friday too, and that there would be no Hereford meet this Saturday.  So its all good. No school until Monday. I'm decently happy.   I guess I've been suckered into going to a football game on Tuesday. Alex told me about it over AIM (well, I was at Karate but she left messages). And I am trying to tell Heather (unsuccessfully) that I should be able to go and see the POMS squad perform. It should be fun, I've got several Middle School buddies on the JV football team, who will either be playing (I think?!) or watching, so I won't be alone. I need to support my POMS buddies so...  Izzzzzzzy Izzzzzzzy IZZZZZZABEL! WHOOOT. I'm off to go and run in the rain...SINGING IN THE RAIN!!!   I Ran (So Far Away): Flock of Seagulls    I walked along the avenue I never thought I'd meet a guy like you Need a guy like you With auburn hair and tawny eyes The kind of eyes that hypnotize me through Hypnotize me through  And I ran I ran so far away I just ran I ran all night and day I couldn't get away  A cloud appears above your head A beam of light comes shining down on you Shining down on you The cloud is moving nearer still Aurora Borealis comes in view Aurora comes in view  And I ran I ran so far away I just ran I ran all night and day I couldn't get away  Reached out a hand to touch your face You're slowly disappearing from my view Appearing from my view Reached out a hand to try again I'm floating in a beam of light with you A beam of light with you   *Two words slightly changed...