Meh. School was okay this week. Decent. I can't believe its only the third week of school. It seems like so much longer! And it seems like even longer when I think that the last cross-country meet was only just last week!  Speaking of Cross-Country...  Today it was pouring from the remains of hurricane Isabel today. Pouring. I prayed that it would start thundering, but does it ever? I went down to the Girl's locker room, and Toni comes down and says, "We're on unless it starts lightning!" And I just...blech. I felt horrible. We did weight training on Wednesday, and my hamstrings, obliques, and my shoulder muscles (Mr. B would be so disappointed if he knew I forgot!) felt like jello today. Anyway, life sucks a lot for me, so I had to go anyways.   I was on Varsity, and since Jessica got sick (oh, what a coincidence!) Toni was on Varsity too. We ran at 4:30, after the Varsity guys. After us would go the JV guys and then the JV girls. Well, we got to the course at three, and it was pouring. Just...and well, I guess that it really wasn't bad with the rain, but rain PLUS wind is killer. Not to mention the mud. So by the time we were done doing the course walk we were freezing to death and were soaked through all our clothes and shoes.   Okay, fast forward to about 3/4 of a mile into the race. A hill moderately slopes after a half mile through the extremely muddy (and I mean EXTREMELY muddy) wood trail. Even though I was in the second race, the hill was like a mud hole. I was smart enough to go far to the right where there was still some stable grass, but I know tons of people slowed down there or fell/slipped there. Other than that the course really wasn't that bad. I keep improving my time by about 3-4 minutes each race. That's decent! I'm still on Varsity since I got a 25 minute run in today. I could've done better, but my sore muscles plus the weather was just killing me.  Not much else going on. Dad's coming home from Minnesota tomorrow. He was there to visit Grandma and Grandpa. They both have cancer, and its getting really bad. But lately they've been getting better, Dad says. Looks like we'll be going back for Thanksgiving or Christmas without bringing some black clothes (said in the most respectable and completely serious way, of course).   That's about all. I've been running late on posts, but I should catch up this weekend. I'm looking at finishing most of my games before starting ANY new ones. I'm loaded now, I've lost count, but one or two just ended and another is on its last five or so posts. Which is good. I love 'em though, and I'll miss playing them. Its all good though. Hey, check out this really short song that I love, because I have nothing else to post about!   The Last Rock Show    Stand in line behind me We've got tons of time to Let it all hang out  And cast the demons out.  Once we're in the roof falls I heard that we have got to raise it up And let the f****r burn.  And this is sure to take awhile cause if we're going out, we're goin' out with style So we all jump around, and we fall to the ground Like it's the last rock show of our lives.   Same song different chorus...*Hums along*....