Blargh.   School really hasn't been that bad, but I've really had some troubles with getting up so early. Well, I know some people get up way earlier than I do, but really, after two months of sleeping in late getting up at 5:45 to catch the 6:30 bus and get to school when it starts at 7 is almost killing me. And it gets really bad on A-days, since those are my most boring classes. English is my first class and I'm half asleep before announcements! That's sad. Not to mention what I'm like at 2:30 pm when Cross-Country practice starts. Yesterday I got home at 6pm and snoozed until eight, at which point I did homework and went back to bed at 11. I'm just not good without sleep.  Tomorrow is school pictures. I've lived for ten school years with decent/okay school pictures. I'm really not picky about how they turn out usually, but I just want a picture that I can show to relatives with pride. All my school pictures have turned out kind of hokey. We never got my Kindergarten-First grade pictures, since then I lived in Scotland and they never sent them home. In second grade I remember that I had a terrible hairday since pictures were after Recess. In third grade my picture was halfway decent, except for the fact that through elementary school I almost always seemed to lose a few teeth right before picture day so I had a nice picture and smile in third grade but a gap in my teeth. In fourth grade I was forced to wear an ugly dress courtesy my Auntie, which I thought was horribly revealing (but it wasn't really, I was just a dork then) and then there were the teeth. I vaguely remember my fifth grade picture, in which I wore black overalls over a silky purple shirt. In sixth grade I wore the same shirt as the girl alphabetically next to me in the yearbook and I had the same hair length, so we look alike. In seventh grade I had a really bad haircut. In eight grade my shirt was the same color as the backdrop, so my head was floating.  I just want a good school picture! Is that so much to ask?!? Huh??  I'm tired. Ugh.   Homecoming is November 1st. I don't want to go unless someone asks me. I will go to the football game though, because Heather will be in the halftime show and I want to see how my Poms buddy does. We don't have any classes together so I just want to make sure we don't grow too far apart. Umm, what else? Kendra says that for spirit week, the Freshmen wear tropical clothes on misc. day, and wear red (I think) on school color day. Sophomores and Juniors will wear blue or white, and the Seniors wear...you guessed it! Togas! Toga, toga, toga! Don't ask.   Umm, what else? Halloween is the state championship for CC. We get out of school two hours early that day for some reason (not just the CC team, the whole school). I think I'm going to be a pirate for Halloween. I don't think I'll go trick-or-treating though. No one gives out enough candy! Jeeze, you have to go through like ten neighborhoods just to get a bunch of Recees Peanut Butter Cups. Sheesh. I'll probably just stay home and give out candy and steal whatever is left.  Nothing else. G'night, folks. *Yawn*