Sorry its been so long. Blogger sucks. Or, well, my computer does. Or, well, my internet does. Or, well, you know.   I bet you're all wondering how the cross-country meet went on Thursday. Even if you're not, too bad. Well, it was a longer course than usual, by like a half mile. And even though most of it was in the cool woods, there were a LOT of steep hills. Still, moving on. A lot of Chesapeake girls got in front of me, but I always sprint the last three hundred metres so I caught up to some of them. And guess what? Go on, guess! I GOT ON VARSITY!!! WHOO! There were ten Old Mill girls there, and I was within the top seven so I got a spot on Varsity and next meet we go to I'll be running with the varsity girls. Cool! Old Mill didn't do so bad at the meet, but we could've done better.  Not much happened on Friday. I was really tired though, I can tell you that. I also forgot my damn running shoes at home, so I had to run in my Vans. If you're wondering whether or not that hurts, trust me, running eight miles for Cross-Country practice in flat-footed Vans HURTS REALLY REALLY BAD. I learned my lesson, that's for sure.  Today we had a car wash for Cross-Country. It was technically free, but most people gave donations (which is what we had hoped for in the first place). We were supposed to be there from seven to twelve, but the damn field hockey people apparently had a slot starting at ten AM. I'm not blaming the field hockey girls, I'm blaming the stupid owner of the gas station we used. Still, we made $250 in two and a half hours, so I'm happy. We'll all be able to go to the end-of-season banquet, so its all good. Kendra's mom rocks! She brought what Doug so rightly called 'sustenance', or, Hershey's chocolate, apples, and Sunny Delight. AND GRAPES!!  Then I went to Jason's. It was hectic and crowded, but I did eventually get to see John. Now I'm back, finishing all my homework. I seem to have a lot this weekend. But its all really really easy. Spanish II is too easy. Way way too easy. School is a lot better than I thought it would be. Cooooooool.   Oh, and I forgot to mention something that completely pisses me off. Hannah tried out for soccer, and somehow she made it and Jess and Nora didn't. When she was going to the tryouts, she never once got a ride from her own parents. And when practice started a day or two before school she had troubles getting carpool rides because her parents "couldn't take her". Then, she goes to school for a whole two days and doesn't show up at all after that. On the third day of school she didn't go to classes but then got to soccer somehow. After that she just stopped coming to school and soccer altogether.  So, I'm wondering what is up with Hannah and so is Nora. I got to SpanishII yesterday and Señora calls role. When she gets to Hannah's name she goes, "Oh yes, she got dropped." Now, I wasn't  sure what this meant, but I guessed that Hannah had either dropped out or she had been kicked out by the school. After school, I'm getting ready for Cross-Country and Ali is in the locker next to mine. Ali is on the soccer team, but she couldn't find an empty soccer locker so she used one of the CC lockers. And I was talking to Ali, and I asked her what was up with Hannah. She goes, "Oh, you didn't hear? Hannah's moving!"   Ali also went on to say that two or three other girls on the team weren't going to practice or were showing up to scrimmages saying they forgot their uniforms. This pisses me off more than anything. I know that Nora wanted a spot on the team and Jess deserved one, and they would have been dedicated to the team. So they were rejected by some Texas-Ranger soccer coach who didn't even bother looking at the Freshman in the first place, and replaced Nora & Jess with a few players that were undedicated, making stupid assumptions.   Sorry, that was my rant for the day.  I'm off punishment now, thank god. Hannah so needed to get in trouble. She was the one who did the dirty work and did most of the work in getting in trouble. Sure, I know I was wrong to let her do it, but I wasn't the one who actually did it! Her parents probably don't even know what happened. She lies like that sometimes. I'm so pissed with her. I had half the mind to call and tell her mom or dad, but then she'd probably lie to them and tell them it was all me. The thing with this is that I have never gotten into trouble for doing such a thing with any of my other friends, which leads my parents to lean to my side and blame Hannah. That's a relief. But I was still stuck on punishment for two and a half weeks and Hannah got off free.  Oh well. Life sucks sometimes.   Oh, and to add to all of that crap, my CD player is broken. Dad says a new one will be a Christmas gift. Okay, counting down the days - ahem, MONTHS until I get a new CD player. Really, its not like I'm spoiled or anything, but I'm a musician, and I neeeeeeed a way to listen to music and hook it up to my Amp for my guitar. Life sucks a lot right now.