Hey again. Me again. Bored again.   A-days suck. B-days rock. On A-days I have English 9, which I used to think was fun but now I think is rather boring and below my level and every student in my class' level. Then I have Keyboarding. Mrs. T picks on me, I think. Still, the only problem I really have with that class is the fact that when we are *forced* to sit ramrod straight and the damn rollie wheely chairs dig into our backs. Ouch. Then there's Biology. I sit next to some cool guys from North, but the class is just so incredibly boring. This is also below our level. Maybe its just because these first few weeks are review days after a [not very long] summer vacation. Lastly...well, there's not many positive things I can say about Mr. Bright and American Government. He is deaf, can't pronounce ANY name WHATSOEVER, and he likes to pick random people to pick on and be mean to everyday. But isn't it every student's nature to hate teachers and school? Okay, maybe not *every* student. The point: A-days stink.  B-days, on the other hand, are very cool. First I have Creative Writing, which is cool because Creative Wri. is a lot more accepting of Fantasy and Sci Fi than English is. We're currently developing three themes and three plots for short stories that will all [this is mandatory] be submitted into a county contest. Then I have Spanish out in the portables, which isn't exciting but its actually really really easy. I'm just good with languages. Then I have Algebra, which is just plain fun because of the teacher and the guys who sit near me. Funny stuff. Then there's GuitarIII, which I had to be moved up to since Guitar One was like, baby stuff for me. I haven't had a GuitarIII class yet, since she just yesterday told us the new classroom to go to, but its all good. B-days rock.  Tomorrow I have a cross-country meet. Our uniforms aren't the best, but I have my lucky number nine so its all good. I know I'll do fine, but I hope my mom has fun because my dad's already been to a scrimmage but mom hasn't. Other than that, school life is just like middle school. Almost. Kind of...okay, not really.   Not much else to say...