And here I thought I was looking forward to Labor day. But I wasn't expecting to be grounded. I guess I'll have to wait until the next holiday. Since I can't do anything now. Next scheduled holidays for OMHS: October 6, October 16, and October 17.   I feel like a lazy bum today since I can't go anywhere. But I vaccumed today so mom let me steal cookie dough, even though she says I could get Sal Minela (sp?). I also helped clean out the basement for our yard sale on the 20th. There are some cooooool things there. I hope we get a lot of money. I have a stash where I put my cash that I've been saving up. I don't know what I'm going to do with it though.  Last night I watched Gladiator. It was such a sad movie! It was so heart-wrenching when the Emporer's son cries to his father because he thinks the Emperor loves Maximus as a son and hates him! And then Joaquin's character smothers the Emperor in a hug! Dear God, how sad is that? And then when Maximus' son and wife are crucified! And that nice African man who stays a friend of Maximus'. And when Gladiator kills the Emperor, and dies soon after. Lovely. Lovely.  So, the movie ended at almost 2 AM. I tried to sleep, but I kept waking up. Then, in a sudden stroke of inspiration, I type up a poem at almost 3AM. I think it was a brilliant poem, which says something since I usually hate all my writing and throw it away or delete it. Then I went to bed and had a horrible dream about Cross-Country team mates calling me by Alex Yanky's nickname for me, "Malaria." Don't ask.  Anyways, I'm starting a petition. All my friends, family, and acquaintences are to wear  BLACK  on  DECEMBER 8th . If any of you remember, this is the anniversary of Midnight getting hit by that car. I MISS YOU MIDNIGHT! Maybe if we all wear black we can ressurect him somehow. I'll wear a picture of him around my neck. We remember Midnight, though day breaks. Middie. *sob*  What else am I to do? My damn muse wakes me up at 3AM to make me write a brilliant poem, and then leaves me hanging when Aman expects a post for Tadgh and I need a post for Dorlas. You suck sometimes, Butler. But it was a good poem, if I do say so myself.  I should have a Tadgh post up by late tonight. If not, all hope is lost.