I beat Erica out for Regional's Varsity Team at the County Race. A whole minute and eight seconds faster. She was practically dying, so I felt incredibly bad for her, and Kendra and I had to carry her back to our dugout before she fainted. I hope coach doesn't change his mind again.   Homecoming is this week. I'm dressing up, but because I like being psycho. Tropical day, Twin day, Wacky Wednesday, Spirit Day, Halloween, then the Saturday float parade, football game, and dance. NOT GOING TO THE DANCE! YOU CAN'T MAKE ME! But I will go to the game. I love football, didn't you know? I'm a cheesehead, (ten bonus points if you know what that means) so lay off my psycho headgear. And if anyone at the Regional meet this Thursday (spirit day/school color day) thinks I am crazy for painting my face red, white, and blue, I will scream, "I AM A WHALE!" at them and confirm their suspicions. It doesn't sound right to say, "I AM A PATRIOT!" as a chant or mantra, so we decided to be whales.  So, Cross Country is almost over, and thus begins a whole new season called Indoor Track. The only part of Indoor Track that is indoor are the meets, otherwise we are outside freezing our butts off while other sports (intelligent people, now that I think of it this way) like basketball are  inside  when it is snowing. I don't know what events I'm competing in, but it will probably be some sort of middle distance event, even though Shelby has been begging me to do pole vaulting.   I'll miss Cross Country!   Kevin: Who was that screaming, “We love you Kevin?” Kendra: Err… Me: We said that to everyone on the boy's JV team when they ran! Kendra: No,  you  said that to all of them! I only said it for Kevin and that he was our hero! Alex: Once again, Kevin’s hopes are dashed…   Kendra/Me: WE LOVE YOU DAVID! David: I hate you. Me: Uh, what? Kendra: He just said he hated us! Me: That’s it, no more cheering for David.  Kendra: I’m not leaving Kevin. Me: We’ll see him at the finish line! Kendra: I’m not leaving Kevin. Me: I’m not suggesting you leave him, per ce… Kendra: I’M NOT LEAVING KEVIN. Me: All righty then. Me neither. KEVIN IS MY HERO!   I have a feeling that I should mention the fact that I finished five books in the past month and I am very proud of this considering the facts that (A) I have been bogged down with XC, TKD, and school, and (B) they were all books suggested to me, not books chosen of my own free will.  My new mission for Christmas is to learn a Pink Floyd song for my father's Christmas gift. I must complete this mission!