Yeah, haven't posted in a while.   Well, last friday was the last day of school, which I thought was really fun. At lunch our table had a feast! Melissa brought two cans of pringles, Andrea's mom made her famous chocolate-vanilla powdered cookies, someone's mom made M&M cookies, I brought Fruit Punch for drinks, and Heather and Jake brought a bunch of cheeto bags. The teachers picked up after us routinely during the lunch time because they were afraid we would start a food fight (which Evan and Daniel almost did, so I guess the teachers were right). Then we had our awards ceremony.   They had the usual awards like the ones for all A's or all A's and B's. Then they had the ones for foreign language with like "Most fluent" or whatever. Then our team (the Rock Stars, corny I know, I didn't pick it though soo...) teachers went up and gave out more "Personal" awards.   Winner of "Best Laugh" = Brett (LoL!) Winner of "Best Voice" = Of course....DANIEL. Told you he would. Winner of "Most likely to be a Lawyer" = Anisha Winner of "Most likely to be an Astronaut" as in, their head is always in the clouds = Season. Which I thought was hilarious since she is such a ditz. Winner(s) of "Most independant fashion statements" = Catie, Jill, and Courtney. Winner of "Most Diplomatic" = Matt. LoL.   And there were a bunch of others.   On Saturday I was really sick with strep, so I was just hanging around the house a lot. I felt equally horrible on Sunday, but I still went to clean out and paint my room. Today Shelb and I went swimming in our pool, which was blown up lopsided so Dad has to unfill, move, then refill tomorrow night. I also made hot dogs for lunch without hurting myself! WHOOT!   Feeling:  I feel like singing. But I don't want to scare Shelby out of the house so...  Drinking:  Water.   Eating:  M&Ms  Listening to:  "Are You Happy Now" by Michelle Branch  Reading:  I can't wait until our sixteen-hour drive to MN and MI. Then I'll be able to start reading another book.  Writing:  RPG posts.  Procrastinating:  Giving Alex her B-day present. I've had it since the Sunday before her b-day. I was going to give it to her on Wed. her B-day, but I didn't have a bag so I just said I would give it to her at her party.  Then the morning before her party I get strep, and I call her and she's just like "Okay whatever." I don't think she wanted me to go anyway, and I didn't really want to either since we're not exactly friends at all and her mom probably made her invite me. So then while I'm downstairs trying to sleep, someone calls and Shelby picked up the phone. These two girls were coughing and laughing and talking in fake raspy voices and saying "Oh we're sick, we have strep!" and then they stopped and they asked Shelby if we had caller ID. Shelb said "No, but there is such a thing as *69" and they hung up. My mom did press *69 and it turned out to be Brittany's cell number. So my mom called Alex's home phone. Mom said "Hey Alex, this is Alex right?"  "No, this is Brittany, but I'll get Alex for you." so then Alex comes on the phone. My mom goes "Hey, I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday, and say that Mallory can't come since she has strep and I don't want you all to catch it. By the way, did you just call here?"  Alex gets real quiet and just says no. So my mom says goodbye and tells me everything when I wake up for lunch. I think it's hilarious since Alex and I really don't even like each other anymore. So now I'm tempted not even to give her the present that is supposed to congratulate her supposed maturity and new age. But I know my mom will make me give it to her anyway. Oh well.