Yeah, its been a while, huh?  Well, I had my surgery on Thursday! Go me. It hurt so incredibly bad. My doctor was gone for over a year, and he said that it would be best if we tried this new laser that had a longer wavelength than the other one. My birthmark was really purple and had to lumps, and I think they called it a cavernous hemangioma, but I'm not sure I spelled that correctly. Anyway, the first hit with the laser didn't hurt that bad. Yeah, it hurt, but not that bad. The second one, however, hurt so badly that I didn't even  cry  on purpose, and tears just rolled out of my eyes. Ouch. He did three more hits and it was all over.  IT WORKED! Well, okay, so it swelled a lot and it isn't completely gone, but hell, the purple-ness is gone! Totally gone! It swelled and swelled to the point where I had to have ice and everyone noticed it at XC practice even though we were in the morning darkness, but IT WORKED! So I'm incredibly happy.   This birthmark lip thing has just been so...taxing. I know that I don't even really think about it much anymore, but there's just something wrong when the first thing people notice about you is "That thing on your lip." I have to break the stereotype every time I meet someone new. That sounds kind of self-centered and melodramatic, but I'm not even exaggerating. Still, I'm very happy that the surgery (my 27th!) was a success, and hopefully I'll feel even better about it once the swelling goes down.  Argh. Tomorrow I get all my brackets and pallet expander taken out! Whoot! I get a whole night and day without braces, and then the next day I get a retainer. Hallelujah!  My XC coach (Coach W.) is totally pissing me off, with his stupid policies and how he plays favorites and worships Larry (not that its Larry's fault, Larry is a nice guy). I can't wait for Track, when its just Coach L. and the track. Thank God. And Keniesha will be there too, and so will Jenn. So I'm happy. Kind of. I just hope that Coach W feels bad next XC season when Larry, Kath, and Katerina are gone and he wonders why I'm not there to take a place. He just doesn't understand that he should set a bunch of rules and NOT MAKE EXCEPTIONS. I'm there for every race, and I make varsity too, and then he still lets whoever wasn't at a race get back on varsity. I know if I missed a race I'd have to earn my spot back. BUT NO, Kate is different. He says, "There's a big difference between your top runner and your sixth and seventh runners..." Bull. Its all varsity. Stupid stupid stupid! Argh.  Sunday school. G'night!