I got my 8 gup today for my Black Belt test at Tae Kwon Do. Go me. It was cool, and I think I did really well. Master Kim was there, cool huh? Not much else really happened, but I got really far on Chapter Eight and I'll hopefully finish before the weekend, and thusly be able to start on Chapter Nine this Thursday and Friday when I have no school to attend and only Cross-country practice.  Also, I saw this on someone's xanga blog and since I love filling things out I copy & pasted it for me to fill out. Yay.  Name: Mallory Nicknames: Mal, Mally, Psycho Birthday: June fifth  Are you a flirt: Hah.  Shoe size: Anywhere from 5 to 6 ½ in women’s. Hair Color: Dark brown  Eye Color: Hazel First Crush: Jake * swoons * What is your sign: Gemini, the twins Castor and Pollux, of course. For advice you go to: Mommy and Kendra. You dream about: Pocket watches…? Don’t ask…  You tell you dreams to: Sometimes I tell Shelb but usually I don’t say anything unless they’re really funny or weird. Tell your secrets to: Kendra and Heather >>>ON GUYS (FOR GIRLS TO FILL OUT) Boxers or briefs: Boxers I guess. Long or short hair: Either… 6 Pack or Muscular arms: If they’re on the track or cross-country team, 6 pack since they like to take off their shirts. If they’re not, then it doesn’t matter. I could care less if they didn’t have either, I guess. Guys who can sing or not: I like musical guys.  Good guy or bad guy: Good guy, since bad guys have some crazy obsession with ‘proving’ themselves, whether it be to girls or to anyone who doubts them. Good boys are sweet. Aw… Hat or not: No hat. It they have a hat, I steal it and give myself hat hair. So lets just do away with the hat altogether… Tan or fair: Doesn’t matter Freckles or none: Doesn’t matter Stubble or neatly shaven: Neatly shaven… Tongue ring or not: Not. Accent or no: Irish accents are so awesome, but I live in America so it doesn’t matter to me. Smart or stupid: Smart >>>Your Favorites Colors: Dark red Number: 9 Animal: Cats Holiday: El dia de los Muertos. I love dressing up! Sport to Play: Cross-country running. It keeps you in shape like no other sport, and it’s a sport where everyone’s score and time matters. I love my team! Book: I have too many favorites so I’ll just put what we’re reading now in English -  I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings  by Maya Angelou. Music: Rock. Any kind. Alternative, progressive, old school, heavy metal, classic… Movie: Moulin Rouge, Gladiator, Rat Race, The Pianist, The Tenth Kingdom, Braveheart. CD:  Drunk Enough To Dance , Bowling for Soup Animated Movie: Beauty and the Beast, Treasure Planet, Shrek Craziest friend: Catie Smartest friend: A tie between Heather and Kendra Do you like school: Yeah. Well, not the classes, but I love socializing and being with my friends. Sometimes the classes are cool, but only if the class is Creative Writing with Dr. M.  Do you like to talk on the phone: Depends on who I’m talking to.  Do you like to dance: I like to dance, but I’m not good at it. I can dance good on the  inside , not the outside. Heather and Sarah and Alex are good dancers though… Are you scared to ask someone: Yeah.   Do you sleep with stuffed animals: Only when I have surgeries.  Have you ever broken or fractured a bone: I fracture and break fingers all the time at Tae Kwon Do.  Do you have any piercings: Ears  Any tattoos: No Have you ever worn braces: I have ten brackets, but they’re coming off in a month for a retainer so I can get invisaline.  Do you consider yourself a good listener: Sometimes, but whether or not I’m a good listener I definitely consider myself very understanding of people’s problems. Can you swim: Yeah.  Do you think cheerleading is a sport: No.  What color is your toothbrush: Blue and white. What kind is it: Ahh, Crest maybe? Do you like anyone right now: Yeah.  Can you tell who it is: I can tell my mommy and Kendra and Heather but no one else. What is your biggest fear: Failure, dying in an automobile accident. What is the hardest thing about growing up: Getting in fights with friends. Some of whom I appreciate very much for being there for me, and others who never deserved my trust or friendship because of how they carry themselves and their situations. Do you believe in love a first sight: No. Favorite place: I loved living in Scotland where it rained all the time. The worst feeling ever: Embarrassment, akin to stupidity. Felt sporadically and speedily, but in big amounts that make your face turn red. What do you look for in a guy: A sense of humor, a guy who isn’t afraid to be himself. Is there anything you would like to fix in your life: Ah, yeah. If there is one thing that you want the world to remember about you it would be: I’m not afraid anymore.