I've had the sniffles really bad lately. *sniff*  In Creative Writing we're writing one-act plays. I'm working with this girl named Rachel, a Junior, and my friend Sarah from Middle School. Its starting to turn into this romantic comedy set in India during British occupation, and I think it'll be super awesome (froody!) once we're done. Yeah. I'm already bragging about it and we've just barely finalized the plot/setting etc. Let me know if you want to see it when its all done...  Umm, in Spanish2 we went outside and drew an airplane on the safety road, and I was an  auxiliar , or, a flight attendant. JOE was a  copiloto , and yeah, you guessed it, he was a co-pilot! It was funny. I walked around to all the "passengers" or classmates going, "Quieres Beber? Cola? Agua?" Someone asked me for peanuts, but I told them that we'd run out. Ha!  Algebra is just so incredibly boring.   Ehh, what else? Oooh, I got a 98 on my current event in American Government. Mr. B said that my reaction was excellent, but he took off two points because I only had two paragraphs - one for the summary of my newspaper article and one for my reaction. But really, he never specified about that area so I wasn't sure what was going on when I handed it in. Oh well, I did great and thats all that matters to me.  During our twelve seperate four-hundred meter sprints yesterday I was the first girl to finish (ahead of a lot of boys too!) for half the sprints. It might have been because Kate felt totally sick or Emily was just feeling...well, I dunno what was wrong with her but, well, I was happy so...  Invitational tomorrow. Test on Saturday. I'm so overwhelmed and I just hope I can go to the Ren-Faire on Sunday, and do something I actually consider relaxing and non-taxing on my body. For the race, my hope is to beat Jessica and possibly get closer to Katherina. But I won't be running in their race so I have nothing visually to help me, so I have to go by time. Time. My goal is twenty-four to twenty-five. That's kind of slow, almost. But its a good goal to get another point. For the Tae Kwon Do test, I just want to get the next Gup without trouble. I'm pretty confident, but I know I've been kind of half-ass lately about TKD.  I asked David today why he turned Alison down for the dance. He said he didn't like her that way, and that he didn't really want to go to homecoming anyway. I hope he doesn't go, otherwise Alison will get really pissed at him if she sees him there.  Argh. I also might miss the pep rally the day before the game and homecoming. We might have to leave early for the county meet. I really hope that doesn't happen. It will most likely run late, and thusly I won't be able to make it to the Tae Kwon Do Halloween party, which is always the day before Halloween anyway. So, I'm totally booked and I know I can't ditch Cross Country but I have been organizing and helping at the TKD halloween party for the past three years. Argh....  Well, its been decided. Unless I'm invited to some sort of Halloween party, I'm staying home to hand out candy on 'El Dia de los Muertos' (Day of the Dead, I think). My mom thought I was too old for trick-or-treating when I was in seventh grade, but I went last year (8th grade). This year I just feel like staying home and eating candy and watching movies and writing and...  Sigh.   Simone:  Madame, they're coming up the steps!  Madame:  Well Simone, that's what the steps are there for...