I'm fairly happy with myself and what I did today. Go me.  Okay, let me explain:  Today is Yom Kippur. This is the first year that our county (I don't know about our whole state) decided to let us have the day off for a Jewish holiday. I find that quite fair, y'know, since we always have Christian holidays off its only fair that we at  least  have some Jewish or other religious holidays off, right? So, I was convinced that I would relax today, but not waste this whole day full of non-school wasted time.  I woke up this morning at nine-thirty. Just right. Late enough for me to feel rested after a month of waking up at five in the morning, but early enough for me to feel like I have enough time to do things. Here's a list of things I accomplished/did today:  1) Woke up (Yay! Go me!) 2) Roller-bladed for cross training for two hours this morning 3) Finished Chapter Eight! (Hallelujah! Took long enough didn't it?) 4) Re-revised Chapters One-Seven. 5) Baked...well, burned cookies. 6) Watched a movie that was so incredibly stupid it was funny to me: Quest for Camelot, my sister asked me to put it in and I thought it was so hilarious! But the blind guy was kind of cool, and so was that two-headed dragon. "Frankly, we're the reason cousins shouldn't marry..."  7) Went and ran three miles straight with Kendra, and it turned out that it was faster than our actual course time! But that may be because it was on the track and without terrain or hills.  Cool, huh? All this before I go to Tae Kwon Do, too!  Yesterday I went to Sunday School. Jackie dropped out, I guess. Which stinks, because this is our last year of it and she could've held out for Confirmation. Our teacher is cool, he's an eigth grade Algebra teacher at one of the inner-city schools. He kind of talked bad about me and Melissa and Gjeelea's school and then talked a bit bad about Sev. High, since Sev. is richer than ours and his and whatnot, but he's all in all a cool guy. His mother-in-law was a little creepy at first when she asked for my name, but she's a nice lady too.   Well, that's my story for the day...  Oh, this really interesting RPG starts the tenth, but I don't think I'll be able to join it. Ambassador's Son, or something like that. I'm so tied down with all the RPGs I'm in now, but two are nigh to an end, but still...Dunno.