Hah...I just feel like laughing right now...  Today I woke up to get to the Girl's Gym lobby at 6:30 AM for XC, since we were going to an invitational at the toughest course in the state and the course that would be used for the state race. Kendra's mum provided breakfast, being the awesome and think-of-everything mom. Then the caravan left OMHS and headed on the hour and a half drive to Hereford High. When we got there it was pouring, but we all did the course walk.  Now, the course really wasn't that bad...until I saw the Hill of Doom (go ahead and laugh now if you're reading, DV!) about a mile and a half into the course. The Hill of Doom features a nearly vertical downhill slope and a nearly vertical uphill slope, with a mere wooden bridge between the two. And on this particularly wet, dreary morning, it featured about five inches of mud and hardly any stable grass. Honestly, it would make a killer awesome sledding hill, but it was just plain suicide trying to WALK up and down that hill for a XC course.  Boys JV race was first. You could literally hear the ground rumble. I didn't even go to the starting line, I just went to the hill to take pictures of all our JV guys. When David got to the hill, everyone was telling the runners to slide down the hill, but David tried running and ended up  ROLLING  down the hill. One boy from a private school gashed his hands up 'cause he fell on a rock running down that killer hill. Not one boy came back clean, and not one boy came back with bragging rights for NOT falling. They all fell. Yeah, all of them.  When they came back, all the varsity girls were getting ready, and the JV guys are all going, "Just slide on your butts down that one hill," and we were all extremely excited to get out there and do something funner than mud wrestling...SLIDE DOWN THAT ONE HILL!   Pain is temporary...Pride is forever...  Guess what? They canceled the meet right after that first race. That pisses me off because all our JV guys had to go through that just to show the officials that the course was too dangerous wet. Not only that...I kinda wanted to go down that hill...y'know, just to know what exactly it was like, and what it would be like at states.  Honestly though, I don't think the entire boys team will make it to states. Larry will, and Kate might, and I am feeling fairly confident that the girls will. But the boys...I just don't know.  And that's my story of the day!