Turkey day was wonderful. My mom is such a good cook! Especially the mashed potatoes and gravy! That is always my favorite part. The turkey was good too but I didn't eat much of it. About one piece and a lot of the skin. Isn't it strange that the tastiest thing is always the least healthy to eat? It was so incredibly good though!  Then last night we went to see the movie Timeline, and it wasn't crowded at the mall for once! Oh, that is so strange to type and say! Umm, the movie was really cool but I think they needed to work some things out with the whole time cycle thing. I mean, if they were born and went back in time, how did they get born again to come back and do all the stuff they did and go back in time again? And if the Scottish dude stayed, how did he die and then get reborn again so he could go back in time? It's a vicious cycle, and the movie guys could have done a better job fleshing that time idea out. Other than that, I loved it! Especially Marek's accent! Makes me want to go back home to Scotland more and more, just to hear them speak. Yeah, I'll get a boyfriend there and I won't have to watch movies to hear that awesome accent! Bwhahaha.  I'm gonna see John today at three thirty. I can't go later tonight because I'm going to that concert. But it's all good and I get to go to both.   Tomorrow I'm planning on going running with Skwerl and Rabbit's Foot. I love running. Really it requires no skill to  run , just a pair of legs. But the sports like Cross Country and track do require the will to hone the ability to run and use your legs. I know all the other people in sports can run, but I also know that very few of them would have been able to do what we did in Cross Country. Oh, that makes me so proud. I still miss and love soccer though.  I can't wait for school to start again. It's gotten so much easier lately, but I know that midterms are coming up in January so...but second quarter is so much easier than first quarter. The only class I truly hate is Algebra, but that is because it's basically a review of eigth grade math and my teacher is a skunk. I like talking to Amanda and Cory and Sara and RYAN (see, I know the name! *giggles*) in that class. Sometimes I ask Mrs. M stupid questions like why everything we learn we already were taught last year, and I do feel bad about it after I say them but I can't help it! It's sheer distaste for that class! Mrs. M just laughs it off and says I really should join the mock trial/debate team. Pshhhhh....  Grrrr the first day back at school is an A day. I hate A days. They're so boring. Grrr. But then Tuesday is a B day. I lurrrrrve B days. I love Creative Writing and Spanish and ..... well I don't love Algebra but I love Guitar.  Our first indoor track meet is December ninth. I think that for the bus ride there I'm going to wear my Polar Bear pajamas over my uniform just for fun, since we won't have gotten our warm-ups (sweat pants, hoodies, etc.) by then. Our uniforms really suck, and they're white with blue lining and red lettering. I like the Cross Country uniforms so much better, even if they are a cross between wrestling and basketball uniforms.  I'm looking for the perfect notebook. I know that sounds psycho, but you know what? I AM PSYCHO! Okay, on with the show: I am looking for the perfect notebook. My spiral notebooks stink because the covers won't turn the right way, and in composition notebooks it's hard to tear out pages (in fact, it's nearly impossible for me...). I can imagine the notebook now: A folder built in inside the front cover and another folder built into the inside of the back cover and easy-to-tear-out pages. The front cover would hold my artwork; the back cover would hold my music and the pages would hold my writings! Oh, so perfect!  Anyway...