*sniff*  Arghhh. I talked to Hannah today. She's in B.A. now, and I guess her internet and phone were screwed up for a while. She says she misses OM, and wants me to take pictures and stuff. I will, hopefully I'll remember. I kind of wish she would have contacted me somehow, but I guess I understand that all this packing up and moving must be hard for her. All my friends from school think that her being gone has been good for me, and I have been having a really great year this year. I was curious though.  Anyway...  I'm still catching up on my posts, but I'm almost there. I also thought of this wonderful new story idea, and I'm working it out now.  Oh, I'm so happy. I'm watching Moulin Rouge and writing about ten million different things at once and I'm just so happy. It's finally sunk in that I don't have school AT ALL until MONDAY! Hallelujah! I love Moulin Rouge! *does happy dance*  On Friday my whole family and my dad's friend (and his wife) are going to a concert for the TranSiberian (sp?) Orchestra. It's like classical music meets electric rock. AWESOME! Well, I'm not really into that kind of music, but John's been trying to get me into other genre's of music so I think this will be good for me. Mom and Dad loved it last year, so it's all good!  Everyone at school is coming down with the flu. It's supposed to be really bad this year. Almost the whole sophomore class has it, and I didn't even know until Mandy got it and skipped school for three days, gave it to Krista and Eric, and Kate came down with something too. Those are the only sophomores I really know (besides the other Track geeks *winks*), so I'm waiting for the flu to pass through the sophomores and seniors and weed it's way to the Juniors and Freshmen and eventually infect the entire school so we can all be caught in the epidemic together *takes deep breath*  'Cause we are living In a material world And I am a material girl!'  Madonna and Moulin Rouge. *smiles* My dad thinks Moulin Rouge is corrupt and horrible. He has 'No desire or interest in seeing the movie!' Grrr. I like it, it's so cool. Maybe I drank too much Pop (that's soda for all you North-Eastern people making fun of me!) tonight. *giggles*  I keep cracking my knuckles even though it's realllllllly bad for me.  'We don't need no education We don't need no thought control No dark sarcasm in the classroom Teachers leave them kids alone All in all you're just another brick in the wall...'  I love Pink Floyd. 'If you don't eat yer meat, you can't have any pudding! HOW can you have any pudding if you don't eat yer meat?' The Wall is so cool, but nothing can compare to the Dark Side of the Moon!  Okay, enough chit-chat.  I'm off to write and watch Moulin Rouge at the same time. Yup, people, it's called multi-tasking, and I'm so good at it.