Hey everyone.   I tried to update the layout, but I had computer troubles so I just changed the title and the header/introduction. I'm computer challenged, okay? Lay off....*grumbles* Nah, just kidding.  Ahh, so indoor track starts Monday. Fun, fun, fun! Goodie. No, really though. I'm scared to death that I won't do well in track, but maybe that's just because I did so well in Cross Country (got my Varsity letter and everything on Wednesday!) and I don't want to fail. Ha! That sounds so melodramatic, I know, but what can you do?   Amanda seems to be having good luck with boys. Good for her! And I won't say anything more, lest I be "damned to the furthest reaches of Hell by the power of the Almighty Lord" (sorry for using the name in vain! Amanda's sorry too!) and never spoken to again. Hey, that sounded melodramatic too, but what can you do?   Kendra and Keniesha and I are going to have a big sleepover on the 21st, apparently. I dunno what we're gonna do, but they're two of my best friends, so I trust them. OOH! Maybe we could go see The Cat In the Hat! I live for those kiddie stories. I watch the old animated Grinch every year. Well, its a VHS tape so we have to watch it in Shelby's room, but its tradition. I also love thing 1 and thing 2 from the Cat in the Hat, so...  Man, I've been writing poetry like a maniac. I swear, its like I'm a poetry monster all of a sudden. Not all of its good, I know that for a fact. But it's poetry, and it's MINE! All MINE! Created entirely by ME! It's all because of the poetry assignment in Creative Writing. Dr. M said she got a reporter from the Washington Post to come and do a spread on our "Coffee House" that we're having in late Dec. COOL!  Things Accomplished:  1) U.S. Government Report/Current Event on the Executive Branch - Completed in thirty minutes and written on the partial-birth abortion bill...well, law... 2) Nine pages of chapter one (of book TWO!) - Completed in one and a half days with a serious philisophical discussion...kind of...err... 3) Watched "Finding Nemo" twice. DORI IS SO COOL! Oh, and that French cleaner crab, Jacque, is so cool! 4) Finished thirteen poems for Creative Writing - Completed throughout this week, and more are to come, I'm sure.  Things To Do   1) Run sometime before Monday, since track starts then. Gargh. 2) Rearrange my room, so that my stereo and my keyboard, guitar, and other music stuff are all near the same wall. That sucks when I want to play along to a song and my stereo is on the other side of the room. Especially since the battery to the stereo remote mysteriously disappeared...*eyes dart* 3) Figure out what Math homework was! *scratches head* 4) WRITE MORE! *giggles* 5) Errr....I'll get back to you...  YAWN! G'night, people!