Wow. Seven more hours and another year will have passed. Mom's birthday is at 3AM technically (Yes, she's a New Years baby) and that will kick off another New Year. A whole year gone by. That's good. In many ways to me it's felt like 2004 for a few months. I'm totally ready for another clean slate. Actually, it never feels like a clean slate to me until the next New Years rolls around and I realize how different I have become.  Six things that 2003 taught you: 1) High School isn't the hell that I feared - Middle School was as bad as it got (so far!). 2) Friends are good things to keep around. 3) There is a major difference between "good" and "best" friends. 4) Trust is a privelage - You earn it and have to keep it; it's precious. 5) All you need is love. 6) People play favorites, even if they're convinced that they don't.  Six new people you've met or became close with in 2003: 1) Keniesha. 2) Kendra. 3) Sara. 4) Amanda. 5) David. 6) Ryan.   Five things you want to do in 2004: 1) Get organised. 2) Learn how not to let things bother me... 3) Show people that I can do what they didn't think I could (that probably makes no sense to anyone but me and Kendra and Keniesha). 4) Remind Kate that she's only a Sophomore and that she was a Freshman too, once, since her head seems to have gotten really big. (This will probably be achieved through Track). 5) Be more confident.  Nine personally significant events of 2003: 1) I turned fourteen. 2) I started High School. 3) I got a general idea of what I want to do with my life. 4) I lost people I thought were "friends" and gained people who I  knew  were friends. 5) I found out that even though soccer isn't my thing -- running is. 6) I realized and learned what things I could never live without. 7) I started choosing my own path for who I am and not letting others choose for me. 8) I let the real me come out (Oh, this is funny). 9) I'm happy.  Five things I don't want to do in 2004: 1) Lose all my new, closer friends. 2) Die. 3) Have anyone else I love die (that's a hard thing). 4) Rush life. 5) Grow up too soon.  Six songs that you over listened to this year: 1) My Last Breath/My Immortal - Evanescence 2) The Saddest Song - The Ataris 3) Mephistopheles Returns/Maybe Then - The Tans-Siberian Orchestra. 4) Empty Handed/One of These Days - Michelle Branch 5) Another Brick In the Wall Part Two/ Comfortably Numb - Pink Floyd. 6) My Greatest Day / And I Ran (Cover Song Flock of Seagulls) - Bowling for Soup.  Seven things you truly regret from 2003: 1) It took me so long to get rid of (or be gotten rid of) Alex and Paula and them. 2) All else is trivial. 3)  4)  5)  6)  7)   Five things you wish people understood about you: 1) I'm a lot more fun once you get to know me. I'm not good with first impressions. 2) Music is my lifeblood. The arts are my needs. 3) Running is important to me, so is Tae Kwon Do. 4) I am a good listener, really, I am. 5) I am independent...and headstrong. Get over it. :)  BRING IT ON, 2004!!!!!!!