Today's feature presentation:    Payback's a Killer (Bitch)   I haven't slept in once this whole winter vacation. Not once.   Last night I went with Mandy to a lock-in at the firehouse. We took a bus to go and see Train Gardens set up by other fire stations. Then we went back to the firehouse and hung out. Everyone was determined not to go to sleep because Joe had threatened to 'get us' with shaving cream. So we decided to wait for him to go to sleep and 'get him' with shaving cream and blue hair spray/dye. Mandy made an attempt but got sprayed with Joe's CoolWhip can in return. Yeah that stuff smells like fish if you don't keep it in the fridge or eat it.   Then we all started getting tired. This little girl who was about 12 had all this makeup out saying she was going to draw on people's faces. Yeah, she got me about twelve times when I didn't expect it and so I had blue and brown and pink eyeliner and lipliner all over my face. Eventually I got pissed off enough and when she dared to ask me if I was mad I told her that I was really mad and that if she touched me again I would take the blue hair spray/dye on her. This made her go into the girl's bathroom and cry. Mandy went in to see what her problem was and she said that she was crying because when I was around she wasn't having any fun. *rolls eyes*  Okay, so everyone but the chaperones are sleeping by 5 AM. Then Miss Sue tells someone to wake me and Mandy up since we were leaving early at about 6. Others start waking up, including the crying 12-year-old named Sarah. Lots of people stay asleep though. Sarah goes around with shaving cream and sprays Joe, Robby, Kelly, and three other people in the face. Then Joe got so mad that he grabbed the shaving cream from her and sprayed the remaining parts of the can in her hair on the top of her head! Sarah starts wailing and crying and goes to the bathroom, slipping on cream on the way and falling to the ground once or twice.  When she walks out Miss Sue laughs and says 'Yeha, Payback is a killer, ain't it?' and everyone starts clapping and cheering for Joe. Everyone was so incredibly pissed at Sarah that they were clapping for her shaving creamed - hair. Yeha! Then she went and cried some more in the bathroom as the guys cleaned up her shaving cream mess.   And now I haven't slept in over 24 hours.