Update:  Life stinks. Real bad. I seriously pulled my hamstring at Tae Kwon Do, and now  my whole right leg feels like Jelly. This stinks.   Grand Master Bai wanted to give me something to make it feel less sore before my dad came, so he handed me this little patch thingy. He said something to the affect of "Put where hurt." He's Korean, and although his son Master Bai has slightly better English it is kind of hard to understand either of them. So I just kind of nodded. Then I saw that all over the back of the patch were Korean letters and stuff. The patch is really tingly. Weird.  I'm such a klutz. Just when I thought things couldn't get bad or worse...GO FIGURE! Cue the Alanis Morrisette music! *Plays 'Ironic'*   An old man turned ninety-eight He won the lottery and died the next day It's a black fly in your Chardonnay It's a death row pardon two minutes too late Isn't it ironic... don't you think  (chorus) It's like rain on your wedding day It's a free ride when you've already paid It's the good advice that you just didn't take And who would've thought it figures  Mr. Play It Safe was afraid to fly He packed his suitcase and kissed his kids good-bye He waited his whole damn life to take that flight And as the plane crashed down he thought "Well, isn't this nice." And isn't it ironic ... don't you think  It's like rain on your wedding day It's a free ride when you've already paid It's the good advice that you just didn't take And who would've thought it figures  Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you When you think everything's okay and everything's going right And life has a funny way of helping you out when You think everything's gone wrong and everything blows up In your face  A traffic jam when you're already late It's like 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife It's meeting the man of my dreams And then meeting his beautiful wife And isn't it ironic... don't you think A little too ironic.. and yeah I really do think...  It's like rain on your wedding day It's a free ride when you've already paid It's the good advice that you just didn't take And who would've thought it figures  Well life has a funny way of sneaking up on you And life has a funny, funny way of helping you out Helping you out Helping you out