Ummmm okay.  On Tuesday morning I set my alarm clock to go off at 7:00 so I could get ready for track at 8:30. My dad comes in my room at 8:15 and asks me if I'm going, because I was still in bed, with my alarm clock going off! Apparantly it wasn't loud enough so I slept right through it! Grrr. So I got ready in five minutes and we left at 8:20 and got to the track at just a bit after 8:30. Coooool.  Wednesday night we went to 7PM Christmas mass. It was very cool with the caroling and whatnot. The girl behind me was very annoying, though. She recited (well, murmured) everything that they say at mass (like, when Father Nick begins the mass and starts the first reading and blesses the bread etc.). If it wasn't something they say every mass she would repeat it and follow along, whispering everything they'd say. She sang (VERY LOUDLY) along with every song, which, uhh, I sang too, but uhhh...okay so her singing was very good. Nevermind. Scratch that. I dunno I guess the only reason I'm ragging on her is because the rest of the mass was so perfect that I can't really make fun of anything else. *laughs*  Thursday morning was very cool. Lots of gifts for everyone, and everyone got what they wanted, I think. I didn't get a lot of clothes because my parents are always afraid it won't fit or I won't like it, so I got some gift cards. I got a few Guitar Hangers so that my dad can hook them to the wall and I can hang my guitars up on the wall. VERY COOL! OH YEAH! Ummm a book about Joan of Arc (I'm obsessed, and her story is why I'm so anxious to get Confirmed) called "Joan d'Arc in Her Own Words" and I got the DVD Joan of Arc (the version with LeeLee Sobieski in it). Very cool. Ummm, I got a few CDs, lots of candy/chocolate, ummm. OH YEAH! My dad bought me a white Tae Kwon Do uniform! Oh, I know that you're thinking, well, uhh, white belts have white uniforms. Well, he got me the white pullover-tunic uniform with a black collar, which means only black belts can wear them! Ooh I've wanted one since I was a red belt, and thought of getting one for myself ever since I got my black belt back in early April. Yay for white uniforms! Oh, I also got a lot of Navy stuff! GO NAVY!  So we spent most of Thursday doing the Christmas thing and watching our new movies etc. Uhhh, what else....Grandma Char called. She sounded lonely, and I know she misses Grandpa. Dad says it's probably that she's tired from the Chemotherapy. I dunno.   Today I went to track practice and came home and finished cleaning up my room. Then at 12 mom took me and Shelby to the mall to take advantage of the after-Christmas sales. We didn't spend much of our money or gift cards, since most of the clothes and stuff at the mall is the same old stuff just on sale. So we left and came back home. I cleaned my bathroom so it's spotless and beautiful, because Aunt Kathleen and the twins (Mark and Brad) are coming down from Michigan tonight. They got stuck on the Pennsylvania turnpike so they won't be here until Midnight, they said.  Anyway, I have to go hide my cats for when the twins get here. I know they're only ten days younger than I am, but they're obsessed with attacking the cats! I also need to figure out a way to keep my room safe in a way that they can't lockpick! Those darn troublemakers! They're still kind of cool, though! Honest...