Oh God it's been such a hectic week.  Mom left for a business trip on Tuesday in California. So basically that means dad is cooking all week...errrr...and Mom is coming back Friday around midnight. That will be a good day, despite the fact that by then I will have collapsed in a coma from lack of sleep and over-extending my physical energy. *sigh*  Tuesday right after school we got on the nice coach buses for the first track meet at PGSLC. Girls got one bus and boys got another, since the coaches said it would be easier to keep track of who's there and who isn't. I sat next to Jenn, and Kendra came and sat with Keneisha. The bus ride there was only about 45 minutes, so we weren't too bored.  When we got off it was freezing outside, but when we got inside to the track and field arena it was boiling. Hot, DRY air. We sat on bleachers between Glen Burnie and North East. My event was first! God. Okay, I was only running in two events: the 4 by 8 (or 3200, 2-mile relay), which means four people each run eight-hundred meters, and I also ran the 800m run. The 3200 Girls relay was first! And I was the last girl from our team to run.  We prayed on our pink baton, and walked out onto the track. Emily went first, and she kept up her spot as third in the group. Then Katharina went, and at first she was sprinting hella fast, but as was to be expected, she tired herself out and got us to fourth place I think. Then Jessica went and did really well, and then it was my turn. I think I did okay for my first indoor track race, and I even passed two girls so that our team was in fourth. Cooooool. Not bad, not bad.  But my next race wouldn't be until about three hours later, so I watched all my other OM buddies run. Most of the girls ran sprints, but Kathleen and Kate ran the 1600 (one mile) race. Umm, we had only one disqualification, and it was on the 500m dash. I think it was for a false start.  The second to last race was my 800m race. I was in the 3rd heat, and there were about ten other girls along with me. Coach Keith teases me now saying I'm the best starter on the team since I didn't let those girls shove me to the back of the line. I did pretty well on that race.  We left the arena at about nine oclock, or close to that. We got home at 9:40 and I didn't get a ride home and walk through the door until 10. I took a shower and finished the last of my homework and didn't get to bed until 11. I was so tired on Wednesday. So tired.  Ummm, today was okay. In US GOVT, only seven people passed this one Division of Powers test we took a few weeks ago, so everyone but the seven people had to retake it. So we all (yeah baby, I'm one of the people who passed it!) moved to the back and got to do whatever we wanted for twenty minutes. I passed notes with Amanda and Sarah and listened to music.  Then today we did our run-a-thon for Track. I got three pledges, btu they're all from my family. One dollar a lap from dad, one dollar a lap from mom, and twenty cents a lap from Shelby. I ran six miles (I know, it's slow for me, but hey, I feel like jello by the end of the week), or 24 laps. Whoot whoot!  I need to go do some homework!