Oooh. Tests. Exams. Oooh, so much fun. Mucho fun...   Thursday  I had Biology and Government exams. It was a two hour late opening into school because of the icy roads and stuff, so I was all awake for the tests which I guess kind of helped. Biology had four BCR's and the rest was I think 65 mutliple choice questions. It wasn't too hard but there were some questions that I had to read about five times just to figure out what the hell they were saying. Confuzzling. Then I went to the break and hung out in the one spot that I always did...dunno why...but for some reason everyone was acting really hyper. It was strange...Then I went to Government with the eighty-year old pregnant man (*cough*BRIGHT*cough*) and it wasn't half as hard as I thought it would be. THe only trouble I had was remembering what the hell the different economic systems were and the legal ways to change a law. Other than that I don't think I did too bad.   Friday  I had Creative Writing and Spanish II. Creative Writing required us to be exhaustingly creative on our exam with a total of two hours to be able to be such. I think I did well on everything but the One-Act Play part. What the hell is a 'dramatis personae'? I said it was the stage directions! Hah! I guessed. Completely. But then we got our final projects back and mine was a 300/300. I was very pleased. Then I went to the break. It kind of sucked...I don't know...nevermind. It wasn't good, but it wasn't bad. Kind of...Blah. Keniesha gave me sour cream and onion pringles so my breath was stinking. LoL. I admit it! Then Spanish was pretty damn easy since it was all multiple choice.   Track was boring. Jessica 'broke her foot' so I wanted to take her spot in the 3200m Relay so I could maybe get that last point I needed to get my letter, but NO! Emily came up and said 'For the 3200 sign up me, Kate, AMY, and Katharina'. Urrrrrgh I was so mad. So I made my own 3200m Relay team. There's no way in hell we can beat Kate's team *rolls eyes*, but me, Shanika, Brittney, and Sarah can run our asses off! I'm also doing my usual 3200 open, the damned 2-mile.   Today was boring. Oh, but good news - I got an A on my English Exam! Whoot! She told us during attendance. I was happy. Eeeeeee.