Hmmmm. Finals started today! I don't know why everyone says they are so bad, they were so much fun! I was really hyper today. Teehee. Finals rocked! Mine were so easy today. Even though I have the really hard classes left, I still think I'll do fine like I did today. Let me explain!  English was very easy. There were questions about literary devices, like similes and metaphors and personification and stuff like that. There were also a lot of questions about the stories and books we read. Like "Most Dangerous Game" (Connell), "Scarlet Ibis" (Hurst), "Cask of Amontillado" (Poe), "I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings" (Angelou), and "Lord of the Flies" (Golding). All of those were pretty easy. Then we had a lot of essays. They weren't hard though, a lot about theme and the Journies and stuff. Ahh, one big essay was about someone who inspires us, and I wrote about my friend Kendra and my Creative Writing teacher. LoL. I'm such a dork.  Then I went to the cafeteria for the fifteen minute break and spent ten minutes of it looking for Kendra and Keniesha, only to find them back in the same place I started, sitting at the table near Nora, Pepe (Okay, her real name is Brianna!) and these other two girls (I think one of them was Becca? I dunno) and Ryan. Keniesha seemed kind of out of it, but maybe because I didn't have much of a chance to talk to her. Kendra was working on some project for P.E. (tisk tisk, Kendra.) and then the bell rang. I walked with Kendra until she went...errr, Oh yeah! She went to hand her P.E. paper even though she had Drafting. So I went to Keyboarding.  Keyboarding was so easy that I won't even talk about it.  I got home, and Shelby got home two hours later from school since she's a wee Middle Schooler. We actually got along for hours and made cupcakes and a cake for my dad's birthday. I went to Jason's before going out to dinner for dad's birthday dinner, and I saw Coach Keith there, since his wife teaches there. He gave me some really important news: I need two more points to qualify for my varsity letter. Now, I'm on a roll here with getting my Cross Country letter and all, so hopefully at the meet on February 3rd I'll get fifth or better in the two-mile and get those points that I need! Dad's dinner was fun, and we went home and I had a concert for my dad since he wanted to hear me on my guitar. I played "Another Brick in the Wall Prt. 2" For him, since Pink Floyd is about his favorite band of all time. I also played "And I Ran (So Far Away)" by Flock of Seagulls, and "Boys of Summer" by Don Henly. All those good eighties songs! I seem to be obsessed with them lately.  Then my dad gave me the address to his music directory on the network and I'm listening to all these awesome songs! "Inspector Gadget", "Secret Agent Man", and loads of other funny songs! It's fun. Today was really cool. Very awesome.