Music News   A lot of things going today and lately in music. (Okay, you got me, I'm just posting because I'm bored and taking a break between writing posts and typing my Creative Writing story). Anyway, loads of things going on! Some things very cool, and some things very uncool.  1. We all know (or now you do) that the former Evanescence guitarist and front man  Ben Moody left the band a few months ago. I just found out that he has agreed to offer his talents to none other than  Avril Lavigne's  upcoming album. That's sinking pretty low, if you ask me. But also for Evanescence, Amy Lee has got the guitarist from Cold to step in for Moody, and they are also working on their new album, due out sometime this year. Whoot.  2. I listened to Coldplay a lot today. I stole Shelby's "A Rush of Blood to the Head" CD. Very cool. Especially "Scientist". They have such raw passion and emotion, it's so awesome. I wish I had their CD, but I can just steal Shelby's.  3. Whenever I haven't been listening to Coldplay I've been listening to Maroon 5. I love their style, it's very refreshing. It's kind of racy, one or two cuss words and sexual connotations, but it honestly isn't that bad for that. I love it. Especially "Harder to Breathe" and "She Will Be Loved". Very awesome. Very.  4. I started getting through some favorite songs by ear today, my guitar is stretching out of tune from all the string bending I’m doing. It’s very good practice though, and it is very time-consuming, yet fun. I played “Another Brick in the Wall Part Two” for my father the other day; he was very proud and thought it was pretty cool since Pink Floyd was and apparently is his favorite band. Cool.  5. I’ve noticed lately that there aren’t a lot of girl guitarists in the media. Sure, there’s Liz Phair and the Donnas, and that band Lillix (I dare not count Ms. Lavigne, since she knows all of maybe three chords max). But really, not a lot of hardcore, frontwomen playing guitar and rocking out. Sheryl Crow, sorry, forgot her for a second there. Not a lot. Hopefully I’ll help change that someday.   Errr….not much else.