LoL, Britney Spears got married for a total of two or three days (not sure how long) and it was only annulled yesterday. That's so hilarious. *grins*  1) What's on your bedside table?  Alarm clock, CDs, sheet music, guitar picks.  2) What's the geekiest part of your music collection? Teehee, I'd have to say my, "Beethoven's Last Night" CD, a refreshing mixture of Rock and classical music written and produced by the Trans-Siberian Orchestra.  3) What do you eat when you raid the fridge at night? Um....Cheese. Cheddar Cheese.  4) What is your secret "guaranteed weeping" film? Haven't found it yet. I don't really cry in movies.  5) If you could have plastic surgery, what would you have done? I've already had three plastic surgeries (minor ones) on my birthmark, a cavernous hemangioma on my bottom left lip. While a whole lot smaller than when I was six, the damn thing is still there and I want it gone. That's the only way I'd ever get plastic surgery done again.  6) Do you have a completely irrational fear? If so, of what? FAILURE. DISAPPOINTING OTHERS.  7) What is the little physical habit that gives away your insecure moments? Tapping my nails on any hard surface or drumming with my feet.  8) Do you ever have to beg? Errr, nope.  9) Do you have too many love interests?  I don't think so...  10) Do you know anyone famous? Nope.  11) Describe your bed. Twin-size bed, a little raised off the ground because it used to be a bunk bed before we decided to cut it down (since I kept hitting my head on it!) with a flower-patterned blue, green, orange, and red sheets/comforter. BORING.  12) Spontaneous or plan?  Spontaneous.  13) Who should play you in a movie about your life? Eliza Dushku.  14) Do you know how to play poker? No. My whole Dad's side knows, but since we live about 1500 miles away, my sister and I were the deprived Poker children.  15) Do you like to color? No. Requires too much coordination. I prefer drawing.  16) How do you drive? Hah! I don't even get my PERMIT until March 5th, 2005.  17) What do you miss most about being little? Being carefree and not having to worry about the past nor present. Besides, recess was a plus, as was naptime.  18) Are you happy with your given name? I'm okay with it. If I were me, I'd have gone with a different one, but eh. Dem's parents. Mallory also means Bad Luck and Army Counselor, but...oh well. Does it matter?  19) What was the last song you were listening to? "My Last Breath" Evanescence.  20) Have you ever been in a school play? Annie...in fifth grade. Everyone tried out for Annie, including me. You know what I ended up getting? THE DAMN DOG CATCHER! (excuse the language, I'm still a little mad about that...)  22) Do you like yourself and believe in yourself? Eh, sometimes yes, sometimes no.  23) Have you ever done any illegal drugs?  Nope.  24) Do you think you're cute?  Do not utter that word EVER in my presence. *growls*  25) Do you consider yourself to be a nice person? Mostly, unless sufficiently peeved, and then I can hold grudges for years. *grins*  MEET TOMORROW! AHHHH KATE'S GONNA SMOKE ME IN THE 2MILE!!!