Wow, a lot has happened...  Thursday and Friday were boring, really. Actually, they might not have been boring, I just don't remember what happened.  But Friday afternoon I went home on the bus and started packing for the 30-Hour Famine. It's this progect that my church and lots of other churches do the last weekend in February. We go to church, kind of like a lock-in almost, and do things to help the people in Africa and other third-world countries (even the US, I've learned) who are having serious problems with starving people. In any case, I went to guitar practice and then we went to pick up Kendra, who was to be my guest on this starve-fest.  So, now the story of the Thirty-Hour Famine, all set in my Church!  We brought donations and pledges, and we earned enough money to feed six children, each for two years. Or, similarly, twelve children for a year. You know, fifty cents feeds a single child for a day? But we went to church, and there were other kids that came to stay from Saint Andrew's By the Bay, Mount Saint Joe's High School, Our Lady of the Fields, Holy Trinity, and there were ten or so kids from our church. We had loads of fun! For not eating for thirty hours, we had soooooo much fun!  A band came and played while a few of us made posters with pictures from magazines of children, adding some of the facts and figures about starvation. That was fun. We played ice-breaker games so we could get to know the kids from other churches. Kendra, Lindsay, Robert, and I made one-hundred Easter Cards for the homeless children of a near-by shelter. Then it started to get late so we were allowed to watch Bruce Almighty or just hang out for a while. Most of us didn't get too sleepy until we all about passed out at say....one oclock in the morning.   Saturday morning started early. We woke up at eight and started right out with a big prayer. Then we played a game where some of us sat on the floor, some of us sat in chairs with a little brown table, and some of us sat at a beautiful white-clothed table with silverware. The people at the pretty table represented 15% of the world, the part that has no trouble getting food on the table or keeping their family well-fed and clothed. The people at the brown table with the chairs represented 30% of the world, the percentage tht has maybe a little struggle, but everyone is content in their family and gets enough to eat to keep them healthy. They are the people who are flirting with the line of poverty. The people who sat on the floor (Kendra and I got to sit in this section, LoL) represented 55% of the world, the part that is in complete poverty and rarely has enough, if anything, to eat. We read stories about people in poverty from Haiti, Sudan, Egypt, Cambodia, and Bangladesh.  Then we made SANDWICHES! They were reallllllly icky-looking, which is why I hesitate to mention that they actually started to smell like McDonalds. Yes, that's how hungry I was. LoL. They were bologna, cheese, and mustard sandwiches. We made them and wrapped them in something like an assembly line. We made over 600 sandwiches for homeless and poorer people in our County. It was really awesome.  Then we walked around the neighborhood that is next to my church, collecting canned goods that had been set out by the nice people living there. It was really awesome, and people said they really thought we were wonderful young people for doing all the things we were doing during the Famine. After that we went back to church and met a man who'd been to Haiti with our Sister Parish for a week. He showed us some really cool stuff. It was awesome.  We then wrote letters to our Senators and District Representatives, telling them our story and asking for their help to expand the money in the 2005 budget for Food Programs.  We ended with a large prayer. Gail sent around a roll of thread, that faded from one color of the rainbow into another. She asked us to either say a hope/prayer aloud, or say it to ourselves, then wrap some of the thread around our wrists and pass it on. So, when it got back to Gail on the other side of the circle, she said one long prayer with us. When we were done she came around and snipped the threads, and told us to have the person to our left tie our piece of string around our wrist. She said it would help to remind us of what we did to help, and how we could use the things we learned to help others.   Then Gail read a passage from the Bible, and I don't recall where exactly it is (I wish I knew the Bible better) but it's when Jesus washes his Disciples' feet. She had two bowls put in the middle of the circle, and we were to wash someone else's hands from the opposite side of the circle, and they were to wash our own. Gail said it was important to learn not only to serve others, but to let ourselves be served as well.   We all went to 5:30 mass with each other, and then we had a Pot Luck dinner to Break the Fast.  It was wonderful!