Changed the template. Decided to go for the plain look. Worked out well, ne?  Anyway, today was sooooooooooo much fun! We had a three hour early dismissal. Do you know what that means? Yeah, that means I got out of school today at 10:55! It was so awesome. The schedule was a bit screwed up, because it went First Period, Second, Fourth,  then  Third. All the classes were 25 minutes long except for Third, since everyone needed to eat lunch so it was ninety minutes or something like that.  My dad drove Manda and me to school, because I had my double helix project, made out of Starbursts and Dots. I made it entirely out of candy (except for the coat hanger...) so that if I get a bad grade I can make myself feel better by eating it. Anyway, we got to school and I meet up with Amanda, who's in the main lobby. We go to the science hall together so I can drop off my project, but Mrs. Smith isn't in her room. So I say bye to Amanda and go to the North Hallway and stand with Jenny, Kendra, Andy, Kevin, and Katie until the bell rings.  In Theatre Arts we did a pretty cool warm up. It's like those sentence stories where the starting person starts a story and then points to another person to finish the story. But the thing was that if you say, "Ummm," or pause for more than a second or two, you had to die. And I mean, literally pretend to die. Loud noises, coughing, dramatic falling, the works. It was funny...Then we worked in our Pantomime groups and Jenn was being excessively hyper as always. We have to perform next Wednesday, and we still haven't chosen what to do. Jenn thinks we should just do improv. +roll eyes+  Then I walked with Ryan to Spanish, and found out that I have a report due on March 1st for Mr. Bright from Matt. The thing is, I just know I have it but I don't know what to write it about, because Matt forgot. In Spanish I think we played a game...I can't remember. It all went so fast. Actually, I think I recall taking a notebook quiz or something like that.  So then I went to Bio since it was 1,2,4,3 and Bio is usually my fourth period. I turned in my project and we went over the test before playing a game. Casey is such a goofball! And he cut his hair again! He was yelling at Sean for some reason too....But Biology was really boring today so I guess I'll just fastforward to Math...  Math was boring too. But I actually got all the work (understood it) and finished it all really quick. Alex sat next to me and Nick worked with Colleen and Alayna. Alayna and I complained a lot about the creepy pedophile/child molester that watches us when we are at Carpentry for CATN, and everyone thought it was pretty funny. The scary part was that we were actually one hundred percent serious. Scary Mr. Kovaks....  At lunch I sat with Nora, Pepe (Brianna), Heather, Alex B. and Ali. It was funnnnnny. It only took me five minutes to get my lunch for once! Yay! When lunch ended there was a fight in the hallway that I was walking through, and like everyone was running over the lunch tables in herds to see the fight. I never actually saw it because of the millions of people crowding around it. It was funny! Then I walked with Ryan until he went to lunch and I went back to math.  Then school ended.  Oh! Track starts up again next Monday! Hurray! But then on Tuesday we have the Primary elections and no school. Grrrrr. Oh well.   Today is Ash Wednesday and I was asked to read a passage during the 4 oclock mass. Then I get a cross put on my forehead with ashes. Then I have to go to TKD with ashes on my forehead and everyone will ask me if I fell in the dirt or something. It will probably wipe off by itself though when we start the class.