Good day. Yes.  I had a test for TKD. It was boring, to be honest. There were so many little kids to direct. One first-timer, but he was okay. It was the little five-year olds that annoyed me the most. It was okay though. Joseph and Daniel got their black belt. Congratulations to them. Yay. I got my 7th Gup. It's all good. I was hungry though when it was over!! Starving, actually...  So I went to see a movie today with Amanda after that. It was fun. Then next weekend I'm going with my buddies maybe to the mall or something. Something. Hey Amanda maybe I should call Chris lol (that dude I showed you after school on Friday). Not that I know his number. He asked me to call him but he has my cell number and I don't have his. Yeah, Sarah gave him it. LoL. That was funny with Josh and Nicole...*laughs*  Hah! Another fight with Paula. It was funny. She seems kind of obsessed with me writing about her. And apparently I'm on her buddy list in the 'hate' section. I'm happy to hear she let my screen name take up a spot just because I happen to be one of the people she hates. It's almost funny. I don't even know why we hate each other. It's kind of funny though. Admittedly I used to be to self-consious to  ever say something about my dislike for her at all, but now I really could care less. Whatever. I'm over it. She can say that we used to be friends like three years ago, but now that I have real friends I could never call whatever it was a friendship. So that's it.   Anyway. Long conversations with Kendra and Keniesha. We're going to hang out more when outdoor starts.  NecromancerJulin: yo guitargurlie89: hey NecromancerJulin: yo guitargurlie89: hey NecromancerJulin: yo you are a chicken guitargurlie89: what?? NecromancerJulin: a chicken gobble NecromancerJulin: wait that a turkey lol NecromancerJulin: haha NecromancerJulin: hmm guitargurlie89: you are so confusing. guitargurlie89: :-D NecromancerJulin: really? guitargurlie89: sometimes NecromancerJulin: most of the time  I'm a chicken, but a brave chicken if I do say so myself. Anyway, heading to the mall on Saturday, as plans have been made now unofficially. Maybe I could hang out either with Amanda or Johnen on Sunday next week. I'm booking up my schedule for no real reason. For things to do I guess. Life gets dull. Life gets boring.   Also, this woman walked into the store on Friday, with a little acoustic guitar in her hands. She set it on the counter and pulled her coat closer to her. Then she asked if we fixed strings and did tuning. I said yes. She laughed, saying that it (the guitar) had just been lying around in the back of her car for about six months. My eyes widened. "You know, leaving your guitar in the cold overnight and for a few months without a case is probably almost as bad as when rock stars smash them at the end of their concerts..." she laughed at me again and just proceeded to give her name and number for when she could come back and pick up her guitar. I felt sorry for the inanimate object. That's a first...So I gave it to Johnen and he took it to the back. Coach Keith's wife teaches vocals and piano upstairs, so I saw him twice. It's almost scaring me out of showing up. LoL.  Awwww I've been so tired lately. May as well go get some sleep...  Good luck to Kevin. Hope you make Varsity!