*Glomp* Today was boring. Blah...  At CATN Alayna and I made holes in our wall. Yes, we took out our frustrations and smashed holes into our lovely sheet rock. Then we had a fire drill and went outside. It was actually kind of nice outside. Other than that we didn't do much. We are going to plaster our walls next class. We were almost late for the bus but it was all good.   In gym I ditched my Team Sports class and went to play basketball with Daniel, Matt, Brian, Courtney, Katie, Sarah, and this other senior dude that I don't really know. It was fun. Katie told me to knee Matt in the balls, but it didn't work very well and my elbow ended up hitting his face and his foot ended up tripping him and me. It was funny though. Good stuff. Shanika and I talked about the new season, it was cool.  Mr. Bright is such an idiot. Grrr I can't stand him. Gary is such a goofball though, it was almost funny when he asked Mr. Bright how old he was and if it was his brithday. Long story. I gave Courtney the moola for the Quebec trip. It's gonna be so much fun even if I don't speak French. French may be a pretty language but it's not very practical anyway with all those extra consonents. Whatever. But anyway, the Quebec trip will be fun.  Lunch was boring. But I saw Kendra and she randomly told me that Ryan was sleepy. *shrug* English was boring too. I got to grab Andrew's curly hair (FRO BOY!) and yell at Josh, and our subsitute was a really annoying woman named Ms. Leech. How ironic...  So then we go outside (Amanda and I) and I say good bye to Chris (and show Amanda my boyfriend! LoL) and Nicole O. walks by, Josh right behind her before he stops to say bye to us. Then he asks Nicole if she is ignoring us on purpose. So she turns around and says, "Amanda doesn't like me anymore." Hah. My cue. I just can't seem to keep my mouth shut. "She never liked you in the first place." Whoa, how did that slip out? No idea. So she blushes and walks away and Amanda and Josh burst out laughing.   Then I got on bus #10 and talked to Ryan for a second (wrong bus, teehee) and got back on my bus. So today was rather uneventful. I'm going to the movies tomorrow and then on Sunday I might go with Joey to the competition. Might be worth going to. Then I have Sunday School. Blech. Ah well.    "The only thing to fear...is the third lap of the 800."