Today was funny. Fun. Cool. Not bad...  We turned in our Course Selection Sheets and got our report cards. I did pretty well, but Algebra grades were disappointing to I'm going to try to do better this semester in that class. I got straight A's (As in, for first marking period, second marking period, the Exams, and the final grade) across the board in Biology, English, Guitar, and Creative Writing. I got mixed A's and B's in Keyboarding and Spanish II, and a C or two mixed with A's in Algebra. The thing that dragged me down was the D on the Government exams. Everyone else is complaining to the school. Everyone got Ds and Es, and if they were extremely lucky they got a C. So Mr. Bright might be teaching us, but he's not teaching us to prepare us for the exams. In any case, I've got a 3.5 so I'm happy enough. I'll do better this semester.  Nick Womack and Robin ate Kendra for lunch today. There was a serious oven problem in the cafeteria today...chicken nuggets and turkey...not really...  Awww Bio was soo much fun today. Casey is such a goof. He is so funny. He got his hair cut and everyone felt bad for his cut off hair. I mean, Casey's hair is like his main asset. He's good at flipping it around LoL. Sarah and Jenny and I made a model of Protein Synthesis, which was kind of boring but Mrs. Smith is always boring. Then the bell rang and I went outside to go to my bus and it was so warm out! It was so nice. I can't wait for spring to really be here!  So I was walking to the bus and I see Chris from track. He stopped to say hi to me and I asked him if he was okay because he looked sad (awww). Chris laughed and said it was because he hadn't seen me since the meet. I told him he was full of BS and he said he was serious. Then he asked me out for the millionth time before he got on his bus and told me to call him. *roll eyes*  Meh. I get to see Johnen tonight at practice. I need to find out my breaking technique for this Saturday. Then after the test Amanda and I are going to go see a movie, hang out around Arundel. I don't like Arundel because it's so crowded, but the theatre is the best so I can't complain too much.   Blue feet...