Eeee a lot has happened. Last night was the State Meet! I mostly hung out with Jenn, Shantel, Durke, and Chris for no real reason. Mr. Al was there, it was hilarious. Anyway, the guys got second, and there were only eleven boys that ran. They each ran more than once, sometimes four times. Kyle got a PR, and Chris Bryant got really far on the Pole Vault. We only lost by about twenty points, but Kyle says we'll just beat Suitland in outdoor. So now I have a break until March 1st. Yay! But then Kendra and Jenn and Keniesha will be back for outdoor, and all will be well.  Amanda that was hilarious! Paula read my blog and got pissed, telling me to "get over it". It was so funny because honestly I'm glad we're not friends anymore. I think the only reason we were ever friends was because our parents knew each other. We were good friends in second grade, but it was all downhill from there. There are others I hate more than Paula. Sometimes I wish I was still friends with Alex, but it's not like we're fighting or anything. We've known each other for too long (almost 12 years!) for us to really hate each other. Well, she can hate me, but I don't hate her. Anyway...Then Paula logged off before I could tell her that I would write what I want and she should get over it. Funny. Heather I know you want to get out the scissors but we need to wait until Graduation day! Wait for it, wait for it, wait for it...  Today was rather uneventful though. I slept in late this morning, and got a ride to school with Tim. Yay. Then in Carpentry we went to a presentation so we could decide what class to take next four weeks. Alayna and I were in the slide show, pounding nails into the dry wall. But let me tell you, never operate with power tools when you're not fully awake...  Nothing else really happened. I'm taking two AP classes next year, since I also am being forced to take Health. So I'm going with Honors English and Honors Chemistry, above-average World Civ. and Geometry, Spanish III, Latin I, AP Music Theory (yay!), AP Music History (maybe?), Health, and either Journalism or Lit. Mag. Sound boring? Yeah, thought so...  Talked to Johnen again today. And Amanda. And Keniesha. And...well, I talked today a lot. I'm going to the movies with Johnen this weekend maybe, and on Saturday I think I might go with Amanda to a movie. MOVIES MOVIES!!!!  Okay, off to see Joseph and Colin!