The fear of death follows from the fear of life.  A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.  ~Mark Twain  Because I could not stop for Death, He kindly stopped for me. The Carriage held but just ourselves And Immortality ~Emily Dickinson   All these things are now before me, Endless death or timeless glory. On this night of ghosts returning To the light of bridges burning!     Final Dream  Lay your head down And sleep on my shoulder Lay your head down Just start a new dream And for tonight The moment is over Drift in a lullaby Here where the stars reside And angels are always seen  So lay your head down The stars they have whispered Hear what they say And know what it means The moon is her guide The stars, they have kissed her As she goes gently by Light as a baby's sigh Safe on a fairy tale stream  And start a new dream...   I recently found out that some of the people I know well have lost a friend that was very close to them. My heart goes out to them and her family, because even though I don't know her, it seems she has touched so many lives in only fourteen years. Besides, the motto of the United States Holocaust museum says that for both the living and dead we must bear witness. When my grandfather died, I was heartbroken because I'd never experienced a death so close to me. After a while, though, at his funeral and after even that, the waves of his life were still affecting people. So, since all I've heard about this person is good, hopefully it will make the world just a little better even with the memory of her.   Since the time when Ra and Isis Raised the sphinx out of the sand And Apollo dreamed Athena So men began to understand  That when darkness folds on darkness In the resltess tides of night And lightning raises shadows Just for moments giving them life   It's been said by those who ponder That it surely is a sign That a life touched by the stars Has now ran out of time   And that somewhere in that darkness In the heart of that great storm The world returns a soul That God caused to be born...