Ahh, a lot has happened. Whoot...  I had my first A-day classes with the new schedule on Tuesday. First period was Theatre Arts. It was kind of cool, it's right by the gym and Jenn and I have the class together. It involves a lot more work than I thought it would, though, and my teacher is kind of psycho-happy. And Becca's in that class...Then again, at least that one girl from church is in that class, and Jenn and Alix. So is Daniel. Yeah...  Then I have SPANISH! It is so incredibly awesome with Señorita, she's so cool. She's loud and hyper and talks really reall fast, and even faster when she's speaking in Spanish, but she's so cool! We get to eat and drink whatever we want as long as it's not Sunflower seeds. Don't ask...long story. Matt and Matt are in that class, and so are some other people I know but don't really talk to for less obvious reasons...  Then I have Algebra. It's okay, Coach is really cool as a teacher. Makes Algebra fun...ALMOST. And Paula's in that class *cringe*. It's not so bad, except she glares at me sometimes and looks at me as if I had stolen something from her. Oh well...it doesn't bother me as much as I thought it would. So long as she doesn't speak to me...Also...Alex and Colleen and Robin and other people are in there too. Alayna, my carpentry partner. It's fun...usually.  Lunch is cool. Heather's in that lunch. Other people, too....like Kevin! Awwww, and hmmm, I think Catie and P-Berry are in that lunch.  Bio is awesome too! Kacey is in there, so is Jenny and Ali...Marcus and DJ. Our teacher is kind of spazzy but it's all good.   OUR BOYS WON REGIONALS! GOING OFF TO STATES ON TUESDAY BABY! Yeah! We also got five girls into the state championships. Our 4*2 team and Lauren. We have a guy or a team in every single event there is except for the high jump. We are winning states...putting a banner up on that wall for the first time in ten years. Awesome. I ran the two-mile. My end time kind of sucked but my split/mile time was pretty good...Six minutes, fifteen seconds. I was six seconds behind Kate. I guess I went out too fast though! Teehee.  Not much else going on...we started choosing classes. I'm taking AP English, AP European History, Chemistry, Geometry, Latin I, Spanish III, AP Music Theory, Journalism, Guitar III, and they're forcing me to take health as a sophomore. Sounds good, ne? Sounds fun. I signed up for as many AP classes as I could handle! English and Music Theory will be really easy, since I've been passing my two English courses now with 100%s and well, music is music to me. I don't know about AP Eurp. History, but I'll figure it out sooner or later. Latin will be fun...Kendra and Kenny are signing up for that too, hopefully I'll be in classes with them.  My room is a mess...