((Note: This was written on June 5th, but blogger was being stupid so I'm posting it now))  Yeah! Happy Birthday to me!   Shelby made me breakfast...now, you can only imagine the shock that came with that. I wore the shirt she gave me for my present to school, and my dad drove us all. Heather said she was broke and couldn't get me a gift, but that she'd bring money to the mall Saturday and let me pick something out. Sweet.   In Chorus we started watching  West Side Story . The outline Sharp gave us makes it sound really stupid, and I wonder if it really is.   Ahh, then in Language Arts we talked about  The Giver,  which I've already read and think it is totally bogus. The only part I agree with is the theme that perhaps some people really   are   too stupid to make the right decision.   In History, Melissa and Carly wished me happy b-day, and Alex gave me a gift! It was bagged in a cool Garfield bag, and it was this little makeup kit thingy, and a few pairs of nifty socks. LoL. And Melissa counted down the minutes till my real bithday (11:09 AM), and when it came she leapt out of her chair and screamed, "HAPPY BIRTHDAY, MALLORY!"  In Math, blah. Nada.  At lunch...wait...blah, nada again.   Right before gym started, Brandon asked me to the 8th grade dance! I know Brandon is kind of geeky and stuff, but he really is a nice guy, and I seriously would have gone with him "as friends" or whatever if he had asked me one week sooner. But Heather and I had already planned an  Anti-Dance, Non-Conformist Alternative to the Corny 8th Grade Dance  night out.   In gym we played partner dodgeball. Fun. Except for the fact that as soon as Heather and I made it to second base, the people who came after us got out, making three outs! Man! And we were so happy after getting to first base, we even made it to second!   Ahh, in science we talked about tides. Mrs. Ward walked up to me and whispered, "Happy Birthday, Mallory!" Next to her, Matt was like, "ITS YOUR BIRTHDAY?!?!?!" and everyone hears and starts chorusing, "Happy birthday Mallory!"  Then they sang happy birthday to me in Spanish...in Spanish. Fun!   I went running after school, three miles around the neighborhoods. Then I went home, took a shower, and got ready for going out for dinner. My parents have made it a tradition to go out to dinner for anyone's birthday. We went to Red Lobster, despite the fact that my whole science class thinks there is a correlation between the high cancer rate in MD and our closeness/"love" to/of seafood.   Then I came home, and ate some cake! I called Heather and made plans for this weekend. We're going to go see Bruce Almighty on Saturday, then go to Sakuro's Hibachi Grill.   Our last soccer game is this weekend. Cool.   Oh yea! And there is this Sports Center a little ways away, and apparently they're hiring for summer jobs for teenagers helping out children's Sports Camps. One of them was for Tae Kwon Do, and I'm going to look into it. Mom said they were only looking for ages 15-17 though, but she thinks that since I'm a blackbelt in Tae Kwon Do they might make an exception. I mean, seriously, it's a good alternative to babysitting. That was my other option, but since Breana is babysat by Amanda, and Emerick hates me (but he likes my sister apparently, because he only doesn't like "Big Girls!" Direct quote), working with kids doing  'my'  sport sounds like...dare I say it...fun!   Feeling:  Older. Hopefully Wiser. Tired.  Drinking:  Water.   Eating:  Leftover Birthday Cake.  Listening to:  I know I usually listen to Rock/Punk, but ever since she came out in 2001, I've loved Michelle Branch's music. I had never,  ever  heard Everywhere before, and still, when I heard it in the mall one night, I somehow knew the words. I've loved her music ever since. So now, since my friend's dad is in the business, I've got an early copy of  Hotel Paper  to listen to.  Reading:  Lirael by Garth Nix. Still.   Writing:  Music.  Procrastinating:  Everything. Okay, maybe not everything, but a lot of things.