Hah! I woke up this morning at five AM to get ready for school and my mom said it was a delay. So I made myself pancakes (real ones, not microwavable ones) and my mom left for work and said that there was no school at all. So, basically, I could have slept for five or six more hours...  Practice was inevitably canceled, and Tuesday is Regionals so I guess everyone is running on their own. I'm still going to run the two-mile, and hopefully the Baltimore Armory will be better than PGSLC. I'm going for a Personal Record, (PR) hopefully under 14 minutes, even though my PR is 14:23. My open 800 on Tuesday at PGSLC was really good, I was fifth (would have been fourth, if not for that darned Chesapeake girl). Shanika said outdoor was more fun, and Kate won't be participating, since she does Lacrosse. Sarah's going to do Tennis, but Jenn, Kendra, and Keniesha are all going to do outdoor with me. So I'll be the 'star' two-mile runner, since Kendra is convinced it will take her a while to get back in shape after taking the winter season off. Whatever. My goals are set.   Hmmm. I went to Johnen's yesterday. Fun. That's about the only good thing that happened yesterday. The new classes sucked, and I'm fearing the worst for my Algebra class on Tuesday. I also want to ditch CATN, if only because I feel like I could be doing something more music-oriented, like Music Theory or Music Theatre. Theatre Arts just sounds stupid. So we took Jenn home yesterday after track and found out that Emily and Kyle don't live too far away.   I went through the house this morning and found a plethora of guitar picks that had been lost, found, and lost again over and over in a vicious cycle. I also found my Ataris and Bowling for Soup CDs, as well as the Trans-Siberian CD that my mother had let me borrow. My Evanescence CD is scratched all over, probably from Charlotte scratching her baby claws all over it like she does everything else.  Speaking of which, Charlotte is doing very well. Her ears smell like baby powder (random...) and she gets along with Sundae very well. They like to play together! General Posy misses Midnight still, and he sleeps in the kitty bed that used to belong to Middie. Oh, and a weird thing we found out was that Midnight died a year before Grandpa on the same day...Spoooooooky. But the kitties are doing well. GenGen is the only outdoor one, thank God. We don't want another run-over cat.  Ahh, more bullsh!t with the President. Can't wait for reelection, even though I can't vote. My uncle is getting transferred out of Bahrain (Thank the Lord!) back to London. Mary-Beth is still in Spain for a while. Oh, and in other news, Reagan is 93. Wow. Like I care. Sometimes I can't understand how people like Mr. Bright and Reagan are still alive and perfectly wonderful people like my grandfather are dead. I'm not saying I wish that people like that were dead, I'm just saying that it's not fair. And I know, "Life's not fair" but you know what? It should be. The world sucks, it's almost depressing how horrible everything is. Outside the country, inside the country, inside the damn High Schools even!  Okay, that's my rant for the day. I'm going over to Andy's house then I might go somewhere with Keniesha. Probably won't go anywhere with Rabbit though because I haven't heard from them in a while. Oh well. S'ok.