EEEeeeeeeee!!!! New Semester, new schedules, new teachers, new electives! Yippee! I miss all the buddies from my other classes terribly, but only one day has gone by so maybe they'll be in my classes tomorrow. I can only hope! Here's my new schedule:   A-Day  1 - Theatre Arts 2 - Spanish III 3 - Algebra 4 - Biology   B-Day   (what I had today)  1 - Center of Applied Technology North, where I'm taking Carpentry for six weeks, Baking/Pastry for six weeks, and Welding for six weeks. Fun. *rolls eyes* 2 - Team Sports 3 - Government (with the same damn teacher! ERRRRRG! I hate that eighty-year old pregnant man!) 4 - English  Today was a B-day. Apparently Amber and I were supposed to get right on the CATN bus and skip our schedules, but instead we went to Advisory and did get our schedules. Thus we missed the CATN bus and waited for two hours in the cafeteria. It was boring as hell. But at least I got my schedule.  Then second period I had Team Sports in the Gym with Coach. There was only one other girl in my class. But P-Berry and Grumpy Gills (LoL Kendra) were in the Weight Training class that same period, Kendra and Shanika were in Aerobics the same period, and Sarah is getting her Fitness for Life that period changed to Team Sports since that's what she chose to begin with. So Yay!   Damnit, I have the same old Government teacher. Yeah, the one who likes to look at girls, had a heart attack last year, and is as deaf as if he had no ears. But Sarah has that class too, so I'm okay I guess. Matt has the class too, and he was my paper boy for a few years so I kind of teased him for it but it's all good.  English. I have a new teacher, and she's an obsessive-compulsive little woman who is completely wrapped up in staying organized. We talked about how Sonnets were all ABABCDCDEFEFGG, 14 lines, 10 syllables a line. It was kind of strange. Oh well.  Then we took pictures for track. I should say what happened at the meet on Tuesday, but it's too embarrassing for words. It was a complete disappointment, but not because of me. Because of one of my teammates during the relay. She just kind of quit. Ran off the track, dropping the damn baton when she only had one last lap to go. Then they told us to go on! WHAT THE HELL! (Excuse the language) We were three laps behind everyone! So I was anchor, and running three laps with the track to myself because of that stupid witch who couldn't finish four laps! HALF A MILE! NOT THAT HARD! It was so frustrating. But my mile and open 800 times were good. I can't wait till outdoor.