Pick a band and then answer the questions about yourself with their lyrics. Try to answer each question with lyrics from a different song.  1.   Favorite Band/Singer:   Trans-Siberian Orchestra  2.  Are you male or female?:   Ornament    There is an ornament Lost inside the night There on a Christmas tree With a thousand lights  No one can see  her   She's  standing all alone  Somewhere  she  glistens where no one can see   3.  Describe yourself:   What Is Eternal   And here in the night, as I feel the inferno I stare in the dark, thinking what is eternal The man or the moment? The act or the reason? These thoughts fill my head as I contemplate treason Now caught in a waltz with the eternal dancer I’m courted by death, but death isn’t the answer  4.  How do you feel about other people:   Then, Maybe then   In this world of circumstance Children never fear forever And this moment that enchants Someday we may both remember  Then, maybe then If we are still alive Then, maybe then This moment will survive  There is time in every word There are words in every reason And these notes that are unheard Someday they may find their season  5.  How do you feel about yourself?:   The Dark   Feel the darkness smiling Every note is dying Silence is refining Every thought in my heart  Still the Fates are weaving Every note that’s bleeding As I sit here seething All alone in the dark Alone in the dark  Someone is whispering softly to me Shadows of things that no one can see They are there for you if you want them to be You want them to be  But in the night The darkness breathes If I will it to be  Before my eyes The music dies But you will always hear me  The only sound That I will hear Is here in my heart…  6.  Describe your girlfriend/boyfriend:   Time   Time, only time Could ever take me away from you And why, should it try Time never cares just what we do It just sits on a star and gazes down Dropping its moments all around And if I could wish upon that star I would find what you dream and then  Ask God to grant it  I wanted to say this Long before this dark would fall At night I would pray this And wonder if God heard at all For the chances I’ve had are now long gone And that star is no longer wished upon For on this night it seems to far away  7.  What would you rather be doing:   Empty-Handed   I’m packing my bags ‘Cause I don’t wanna be The only one who’s drowning In their misery And I’ll take that chance  ‘Cause I just wanna breathe And I won’t look back And wonder how it’s supposed to be  8.  Describe where you live:   Sarajevo   But as he neared the earth Of a recent battleground From among the ruins He once more heard the sound  It was a single cello playing A forgotten love song And even on that battlefield The song somehow belonged  And as he flew away The angel did take note That where he found the music played One could always find hope  As he flew over the countryside He was still listening When from a little church below He heard one voice begin to sing  9.  Describe how you love:   Mephistopheles Returns   Don’t need this path before me Don’t need forgotten glory Don’t need the threats of violence Don’t need eternal silence  Don’t need these midnight visions Don’t need to make decisions Don’t need to be uncertain Don’t need this final curtain  All these things are now before me Endless death or timeless glory On this night of ghosts returning To the light of bridges burning  10.  Share a few words of wisdom:   An Angel Returned   An angel returned That night through the sky But time it was short He had to decide  And so he flew Back over the land A gift for his Lord Was there in his hand  It was the glow of a light It was the heart of a song It was the tear of a child Where they never belonged It was a wish of a soul On an old neon light And the Lord smiled at him On that cold winter night  Hear as they ring through the night Kyrie among nations Kyrie among nations Hear as the bells ring through the night