Ack. So much has happened in the past two days...maybe three days...when was the last time I posted?!? I'm not sure...the post options thing for blogger is messed up. ANYWAY...  On Monday...what happened! Goodness I've forgotten. It was an A-day, so yeah...I was asked to bring Chicken Boobs (Breasts, LoL) to Spanish class tomorrow so we could make Paella. In Theatre arts we played sharades! Whoa was that funny! I went up and got "Peter Pan" I was so confused because I had no idea how I would get my team to know it was Peter Pan. So when the time started I flung myself across the stage in a leaping way and waved my arms around. Spencer screams, "PETER PAN!!!" Yup. We got that one in thirteen seconds. Lol.  Math was stupid. Grr. At lunch I had to hold the box thingy for Theatre Arts. So when lunch was over I walked down towards the Theatre Arts classroom, and Paula walked by and I rolled my eyes. She said something, it might have been calling me a name for rolling my eyes at her, or something to that extent. I think it's funny how it almost seems like I annoy her. I might not be annoying her, but if I am it's really funny. So I come back from dropping the box off at Ms. Parker's room and I get to see Keniesha and Ryan and...well, I saw Courtney too, but she doesn't really like me much. Yay! I got to see my homies from D lunch.   Biology was boring, except I made babies. No, not like *that*. We got a partner and flipped coins for the different genotypes. I made babies with Jenny, since we had so many boys. SHE IS THE FATHER!!! Lol. We had a girl, and we named her after my sister (and the baby turned out to be really ugly so it turned out nicely), and a boy that we named Curious George. ;-)  Then at track on Monday I found out that I would be going to both meets, one on Wednesday and one on Saturday, which is the Invite. Tomorrow Coach is letting me run the mile and half-mile, since she's letting me get a variety before I am being forced to run the two-mile on Saturday.  ---  Today was funnnnnnny. I woke up at 6:20, and my dad yelled at me for sleeping in late. I got ready in a record time of fifteen minutes! Go me! Yay!   In Agriscience we made pretty-pretty flower arrangements and got to take them home. So I carried bunches of flowers all around school.   Other than that, not a lot happened today other than me and Amanda patching things up. Yay for that!! She suggested doing the talent show with me, and I'd play guitar and she'd sing. YAY!!!!