Ouch.  Woke up this morning at 9. Dad didn't make me go to school this morning. I'm glad, because P.E. is incredibly boring and I was sick of working with hoes in Agriscience. ;-)  So at 10:20 we make the drive to Silver Spring. The roads there are terrible, I don't know why anyone would ever want to work there or live there or have to drive there unless absolute necessity called for it. It was terrible! But we eventually got to the Army Medical Center. Army...*rolls eyes* Give me Navy any day.  It was so sad. I saw men there, men who'd been to Iraq. Every time I feel sorry for myself, I promise that I'll think of them and how it could always be worse. Always. That poor man lost his forearm from the elbow down. I wanted to cry for them, because I felt so bad that they had to go over to a place so far from home and make such sacrifices.  Anyway...we keep going and get to the Dermatology clinic, since my surgery is technically dealing with the skin. A woman there, she was very old...apparently she'd just had a surgery and I got to push her wheelchair since we were called at the same time. She thanked me and gave me a mint from the pocket of her wheelchair.   Then my doctor looked at the pictures from before all the surgeries and right after, thanked me for bringing them in, told me how much better *it* looked, and it was time for surgery.  It hurt like hell. I hated myself for seeming like such a wuss, but it **hurt**. The first part, the tears just came subconsiously. The second time, I had to keep back the sobs. The third and final part, I gave up and let go of my dad's hand. It hurt really really bad. The doctor got ice though, and he talked to my dad for a while in another room and I got to look at his office. He had all these pictures of his five daughters and of his awards for medical schooling and stuff like that.  Then it was time to go home. It was all over. It's swollen, but the discoloration is gone immediately. Cavernous hemangioma leaves scars, and they don't go away without surgery like capillary hemangioma does. Oh, Lord, it's all so confusing.  I met the most amazing people today, though. I never want to go to war, but I'm so proud of them. Poor man...lost his arm...his right arm...He is only eight years older than I am.  I gave Amanda a note on Wednesday, but she still doesn't talk to me or mention me in her journal. Apparently she's really happy lately. Maybe it was all me not being around. Whatever. I'm glad she had a good day. I know mine stunk except for sleeping in and meeting Mark at the hospital.  ----  Currents: {x} current clothes: Red OM track team hoodie, OM Cross-country shorts, Nike socks, Adidas sandals. Yeah, I'm dressed down. Don't usually dress like this. {x} current mood: In pain, but cheerful all the same. {x} current taste: Water. {x} current hair: Half up in a messy bun, the rest down and curled. I was bored this morning. {x} current annoyance: My birthmark stings and is annoying the hell out of me. {x} current smell: Huh? {x} current thing you ought to be doing: Homework. {x} current desktop picture: Picture of a female knight, with a quote, "Anything men do, women must do twice as well." {x} current book: Re-reading "Little Women," which I last read two years ago after Christmas. {x} current refreshment: Water. {x} current worry: Hmm... {x} current crush: I've learned not to tell a soul.  ---  Oh, I can't wait till the next meet.  I do well when people doubt me. When someone says I can't do something, I want to do more, do better; I want to prove them wrong.  I won't back down from anybody.