EEEEEEEE!!!!! I JUST got back from the first meet at Northeast! IT WAS SO AWESOME!!!!!!!!  Caitlyn ran the mile, and she got a PR by like, forty seconds. I was so proud of her! Kate got a PR too, it was really awesome. The girls for OM track are off to a great start!  I got a PR for my two-mile time! YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I got sixth baby!!!! And I only got sixth by a little so I was really close to fifth. YAYYYYY! I was so happy! I ran the 800 too, but there were like fifty other girls running it, most of which were from SP.  Keniesha did really well on the hurdles and high jump. It was very awesome...  OVERALL: OM girls got SECOND place. Guys got FIRST place. WHOOOT!!!  ---  Whoa, sorry for all the caps. Was excited...  This morning I overslept till almost 6:30. It was baaaaad. Hahaha, but I was well-rested.   In theatre arts we spent (as a class) the first five minutes trying to figure out how to get the logo on my spandex shirt (during a race they disqualify you if you haev a logo). It was hilarious. We tried duck tape, masking tape, safety pins, and eventually decided to try wearing it inside-out.  Spanish was incredibly boring except we got to have a FIRE DRILL!! YES!  What's third period? Oh yeah. Math was boring too. Lunch was funnn though.  After C lunch I stayed for D lunch and got to see my homies, Keniesha and Ryan. I saw Courtney too but I don't think she likes me much. The nerves about the meet kicked in and I was like, shaking my water bottle like a psycho person while I waited for Keniesha with Ryan. He probably thought I had ADD or something.  Science was boring too. Mrs. Smith kept yelling at me. I have no idea why...  THEN THE MEET. See above. **smiles**  I don't have to go to school tomorrow! I have surgery tomorrow. Scarrrrrrryyyyy stuff man.   Sooooo tired....Lactic acid building up in thighs....dying....soooooo tired....exhaust....  ----   Wanna quit and give up; Simon says to pack it up. Shot down from all sides... Don't know why I try! So take this and kiss it... Goodbye won't miss it! Wanna go back to L.A.  I don't belong, that's what they say.  Back again, one more time. Couldn't keep me down las time! Leaving what I know on faith, To take on the world and make waves. Still standing defiant, May be me against the giant. But Rome wasn't built in a day: Game's going on, so I'll still play!