Awwww I had two awesome days!  Okay, yesterday, Tuesday night:  INDOOR TRACK BANQUET! The food was really good. I sat with Jenn, Sarah, Shanika, Chantel, and Tim. Then they had the awards!!!! They started giving out the graduation numbers for the JV people, and I honestly thought I was getting one, because I remember that I thought I missed my letter by two points. But then, I was the ONLY FRESHMAN to get my letter. Yay me!   And that's not even the best part! I got a plaque for winning the award as "Best Freshman!" Sure, they spelled my name wrong, but Coach L. said she'd exchange it and get it spelled right.  On to today...  I worked with Hoes today in Agriscience! The boys were making really bad jokes about it. We were re-planting plants by the CATN sign. Mrs. Roos came over and said our flower bed looked like a mole had come through it! Grr... :-(  P.E. sucked, as usual.  In Government we had to research different towns to decide where we'd move in the future. It all seemed quite pointless to me, but whatever...  I saw Kendra today.   English sucked, as usual. It was even worse today because it became PAINFULLY obvious that we have a few seriously moronic people in the class. Goodness, some of them are just plain STUPID. I'm not even joking, or being mean on purpose or anything like that. It's just stupid. Silly.  Then, Amanda and I are still fighting. I don't understand how people can get so pissed off over seriously stupid things, ESPECIALLY when the person in the wrong apologizes. Honestly, I don't think there's much else I can do anymore to make it better. She's just so stubborn sometimes. I guess that's always why I related to her, but now it just stinks. I suppose if it doesn't work out in the end it's just another friendship come and gone, which seriously stinks.  I'm running as a scorer tomorrow in two events. I'm the only girl running the two-mile for OM, and I'm also scoring for the open 800.   I'm so exhausted!  "Now let's just remain this way till plans change by fate, not by us and our stupid misunderstandings," --Keniesha.