My 100 things about me- Fifth and Final 20  81. I'm actually working on a Tolkien fanfic... it should be completed soon. 82. It's Elrond-angst.. if anybody has cause to be angsty, he certainly does. 83. IMNSHO, nobody should be permitted to write a Tolkien fanfic who hasn't read "The Lord of the Rings" at least three times and "The Silmarillion" at least once.  84. And, no, seeing the movie 27 times does  not  count... 85. Favorite fanfic author :   Thundera Tiger .  She has quite an ear for dialogue. 86. Favorite "Lord of the Rings" characters: Samwise Gamgee, Aragorn and Gandalf 87. Favorite "Silmarillion" characters: Finrod Felagund and Fëanor. Although I admit the latter is a trifle scary !  88. I am fond of the writings of C.S. Lewis. However, I prefer his apologetic works and "Till We Have Faces" to the Narnia books. 89. I've tried reading Charles Williams, but found his writing totally bewildering.  90. I've lost count of the number of times I've read "The Everlasting Man" by G.K. Chesterton. 91. Favorite Fr. Brown story: "The Sign of the Broken Sword" 92. I'm very excited that the Oratory here is founding a National Newman Library for study and research on the Venerable. 93. It makes me worried that so few people in the U.S. realize that Christians are being persecuted in many places in the world right now. 94. Another favorite quote: "God wouldn't have given us an intellect, if He didn't want us to think straight." - Msgr. Ronald Knox. 95. I love making the Seven Churches Visit on Holy Thursday night. 96. Favorite Old Testament books : Genesis and Song of Songs 97. Favorite New Testament books: The Gospel of John, Paul's Letter to the Philippians, and the Letter of James. 98. I need to pray before the Blessed Sacrament more often. 99. I need to learn to listen. 100. My favorite passage of Scripture: Philippians 4: 4-9 4 Rejoice in the Lord always. I shall say it again: rejoice!  5 Your kindness should be known to all. The Lord is near.  6 Have no anxiety at all, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, make your requests known to God.  7 Then the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus.  8 Finally, brothers, whatever is true, whatever is honorable, whatever is just, whatever is pure, whatever is lovely, whatever is gracious, if there is any excellence and if there is anything worthy of praise, think about these things.  9 Keep on doing what you have learned and received and heard and seen in me. Then the God of peace will be with you.