My 100 things about me- Second 20  21. I have an alto voice. 22. I'm in the choir which sings at noon Mass. 23. I think our choir director's taste in music is excellent...lots of Gregorian chant and 16th century polyphony ! 24. I love Sunday Vespers with Benediction of the Blessed Sacrament. 25. My confirmation name is Joan, for St. Jeanne D'arc. 26. IMHO, the English and Welsh martyrs are woefully neglected in the United States. ( Ever try to find a St. Edmund Campion prayer card ?) 27. I'm puzzled by the fact that their feast day isn't even given as an  option  in the US Sacramentary.  28.  Only one Contemporary Christian type musician wrote songs that actually impressed me : the late Rich Mullins. 29. I had never met the man, but I cried and prayed for him when I heard of his death.  30. I'm a cradle Catholic, but I have at least three people in my ancestry who became Catholic as adults: one grandfather, one great-grandfather, and one great-great grandfather. 31. I'm addicted to conversion stories. 32. I have a bad habit of checking out books of literary criticism in bookstores. This is bad because the inanities on Tolkien, Chesterton, and even Venerable Newman I sometimes find are a serious temptation to uncharitable thoughts.  33. Even worse, I check out Tolkien fanfiction on the web. A small part of it is very good. A lot of it is utter garbage.  34. For example, why in the name of Eru would anybody take the writings of a devout Catholic and distort the relationships of characters into 'slash', as homosexual relationships in fanfic are called ? I find this incomphrehensible.  35. Controlling my temper is something I really have to work hard at. 36. I sympathized with   Mr. Bettinelli's blog  here.  37. I'm somewhat heartened by knowing certain saints had trouble with their tempers, too. 38. I love this quote... a friend of Msgr.Knox was told to pull himself together. He replied "I haven't got any together." 39. I have got to read "The Second Spring" again 40. It's not easy to 'gaudete semper'. God give me the grace to try.