Remember that litany I said I would work on ?  Last month, I    posted  about a Jesuit-focused blogger and a Jesuit-focused litany she blogged. I mentioned that I was thinking of writing an Oratorian Litany. Well, I did it. This is, of course,  not  for public use, and I have not run it past anybody. I included only my two favorites from the Oratorian  venerabili  , since finding information on the others in English is tough. I used the magnificent    Litany of St. Philip Neri  by the Venerable John Henry Newman as a template and swiped some of his titles for the founder. If you click on the names of those mentioned, you will find information on them.    Oratorian Litany    Lord, have mercy.  Lord, have mercy.  Christ, have mercy.  Christ, have mercy.  Lord, have mercy.  Lord, have mercy.  Christ, hear us.  Christ, graciously hear us.  God the Father of heaven,  Have mercy on us.  God the Son, Redeemer of the world,  Have mercy on us.  God the Holy Ghost,  Have mercy on us.  Holy Trinity, one God,  Have mercy on us.   Holy Mary,  pray for us.  Holy Mother of God,  pray for us.  Holy Virgin of Virgins,  pray for us.   Our Lady of Vallicella,  pray for us.      St. Philip Neri , Apostle of Rome, heart of fire, light of holy joy,  pray for us.      St. Luigi Scrosoppi  , tireless worker for the poor and infirm,  pray for us  .     Blessed Juvenal Ancina  , martyr for true Catholic reform,  pray for us.      Blessed Anthony Grassi  , child of Our Lady and beloved Provost,  pray for us.      Blessed Sebastian Valfre , radiating joy in the midst of spiritual dryness,  pray for us.      Blessed Joseph Vaz  , Apostle of Sri Lanka, faithful in the midst of persecution,  pray for us .     Venerable Caesar Baronius  , brilliant historian with child-like humility,  pray for us.      Venerable John Henry Newman  , follower of the Kindly Light at all costs,  pray for us.    From all pride,  deliver us, Lord Jesus.  From lack of charity,  deliver us, Lord Jesus.  From putting ourselves first,  deliver us, Lord Jesus.  From brooding over our faults,  deliver us, Lord Jesus.  From scruples and sadness,  deliver us, Lord Jesus.  From taking ourselves too seriously,  deliver us, Lord Jesus.   Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world,  Spare us, O Lord.  Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world,  Graciously hear us, O Lord.  Lamb of God, who takest away the sins of the world,  Have mercy on us.  Christ, hear us.  Christ, graciously hear us.    Let us pray.   O God, Who in Thy merciful plan established the Congregation of the Oratory through St. Philip, and Who hast continued to give us examples of holiness among his children, grant that, as we rejoice in their commemoration, so we may profit by the example of their virtues, through Christ our Lord.  Amen.