Personal anniversary...  On April 6th, 1999, I was admitted as a member of the Secular Oratory. In honor of the anniversary of my entrance in the Family of St. Philip, I post the following verse by one of the greatest of his sons.    St. Philip Neri in his Mission    (A song.)  by Venerable John Henry Newman, C.O.   In the far North our lot is cast,   Where faithful hearts are few;  Still are we Philip's children dear,   And Peter's soldiers true.   Founder and Sire! to mighty Rome,   Beneath St. Peter's shade,  Early thy vow of loyal love   And ministry was paid.   The solemn porch, and portal high,   Of Peter was thy home;  The world's Apostle he, and thou   Apostle of his Rome.   And first in the old catacombs,  In galleries long and deep,  Where martyr Popes had ruled the flock,  And slept their glorious sleep,   There didst thou pass the nights in prayer,   Until at length there came,  Down on thy breast, new lit for thee,   The Pentecostal flame;—   Then, in that heart-consuming love,   Didst walk the city wide,  And lure the noble and the young  From Babel's pomp and pride;   And, gathering them within thy cell,  Unveil the lustre bright,  And beauty of thy inner soul,   And gain them by the sight.   And thus to Rome, for Peter's faith  Far known, thou didst impart  Thy lessons of the hidden life,   And discipline of heart.   And as the Apostle, on the hill  Facing the Imperial Town,  First gazed upon his fair domain,  Then on the cross lay down,   So thou, from out the streets of Rome  Didst turn thy failing eye  Unto that mount of martyrdom, Take leave of it, and die.   [Note]  On the day of his death, Philip, "at the beginning of his Mass, remained for some time looking fixedly at the hill of St. Onofrio, which was visible from the chapel, just as if he saw some great vision. On coming to the  Gloria in Excelsis , he began to sing, which was a very unusual thing for him, and he sang the whole of it with the greatest joy and devotion," &c.—Bacci's  Life of St. Philip  Neri      The Oratory. 1850.