Melissa- I love those tests!  LOL- I did the "which Friend are you" one & no surprise to me, I was Monica.  I'll have to do the IQ one- if I haven't already.  I've done so many that I can't remember which ones I have & haven't done yet.  Plus they're always adding more of them.  Yeah, I just chalked it up to a bad day- I think I'm going to talk to my boss on Monday about the gun threat thing- it's prolly nothing, but I do want her to know my concern.  After all, had the underwriter (who is now on stress leave) gotten it to me to process, I would have been the processor.  I feel really excited about writing when I really get into it and know what I want to write about.  I have a few stories where I've gotten that "high"- and it's great.  That's partially why I bought so many of those "chick-lits" as they call them, I guess.  LOL- I just got an email from Waldenbooks today that they have a buy 4 get the 5th free deal for their members....I should've waited till today- I could've prolly saved 20 or 25 bucks- oh well!  I want to see the style that is out there- it tends to inspire me; although I do have lots running through my mind anyway.  Let's just say I have a active & vivid imagination. :D   It looks like you've been doing skanky hat research too! LOL The GI Jane Military surplus has them for $12.99- they also have those Army PT shirts (like the one I was talking about sometime last week) there for $9.99.  I'm going to check out the links you gave too though- I need quick delivery.    Teri- You *do* have a great imagination!  I've wondered the same, if she was reading them- ha- I didn't think of it being one of us- LOL!  That was me that suggested changing the characters to our guys- I haven't tried it yet; it could be a bit difficult.  You'd have to program your brain to think "Rick" when you see "Mark" or whomever.  That's the only hang up....I guess you could get the physical image in there anyway.    Leslie- Yeah- that was great!  I think clowns are creepy too.  OMG- you're right- girl, you just made the hairs on *my* neck stand up!!  I just have to LOL when I think of them checking in on us.....Hey- BTW I found a site called GIJane Military Surplus store- it's  HERE  It looks like they have authentic GI stuff- or so they say.  I found the floppy hat- I think he had the khaki one- it didn't/doesn't look like a camo one.  I'm going to order- I just hope it gets here in time for the rafting trip.  Stay cool!!  I hate the heat....I had my AC in my car break the same day of a record temp in AZ of 122 degrees in 1990.  It sucked.  That's partly why I moved here- to get away from the heat.    Janice- Nope - no Rick sightings, but I had my Todd sighting- YAY!  Got home just in time to see him reporting on Fox Report.  I guess one of 'em is better than none!  Maybe I'll be in for a double treat this weekend ;D  Great image, too-lol!  I could see it.      No picture in the mail today....for the first time in my life I'm looking forward to Monday.  Since my PO Box is in San Francisco and we live in San Rafael, I only pick up the mail M-F.  Now I'm getting concerned.....is it: a) lost in the mail, b) did he forget to send, c) sent 2nd or 3rd class, d) my post office just really behind.  Please please please let it be there Monday.  Jan, if you get yours before mine, I'm going to send another email- LOL!  We'll see what next week brings.