Leslie- You sure know how to make me LMAO!!  Of *COURSE* you're still welcome!!!  It wouldn't be the same without you!  Hmmm....good question- we have a dinghy, so the guys could hang out in there- lol!!  It's funny- we don't have many places to sit- the dinette seat is covered with food (packaged, that is), and we have a recliner & a papasan chair (I know, I know- "on a *boat*? Yes, on a boat...hey, the main salon's pretty good size).  So, usually when we have guests, I surrender the two chairs & opt for the floor or the steps going in.  We're working on getting a loveseat or sofa.  May have to wait till we get that before we do the trade....  Of course *I* may be sleeping on deck once the hubby finds out about our trade- LOL!  Mmmmmmm......you got me on the last one- "with Todd Connor on....." **sigh** :D  Ok- it's *way* too early to have my mind *that* far into the gutter.... :D  Jayel & Ellen (aka EAJ)- Yes- that's a good point, and that's what I keep telling myself.  I ended up deciding to wait till I got the picture.  That gives me a good excuse to write and say "thank you".  It's hard, I know, but we do want to be taken somewhat seriously at least when we do contact him.  I'm sure he likes silliness, but I guess we shouldn't be overzealous.  (But it's sooooooo haaaaaard! :D)    Melissa- I'm glad for you that you have such a passion for something and know what you want to do!  I wish I could find my passion- I like to write, but I'm afraid I don't get as excited about it (although I'd love to).  You go girl, and never give up on what you want to do!!  (Otherwise you'll end up like me- working a desk job doing something that you rarely get pleasure out of.)  Seriously.  Don't *ever* give up- you have a true talent- take it to the max! :D   I know what you mean- I hope there aren't any sightings today- I haven't set the VCR for awhile 'cause I just haven't felt he was going to be on.  I kinda doubt that he would be today (unless something major happens) because he said he was doing something for FR this weekend and it sounded like that was all.    Gotta get to work- a couple of folks brought in Krispy Kremes- wish me luck.  I've kinda destroyed my WW diet this week, but I've been working out so I'm not going to sweat it.  And with that *toasting with a maple icing Krispy Kreme* I'll chat with ya'll later!