"Even though it might be unimpressive in size, some good news you'll be hearing today could put you in a happy frame of mind and brighten your outlook".---OK this was part of my horoscope today- I take this to mean that my signed picture should be coming today- LOL- where's my damn picture?!?!? (In case Rick actually checks this blog out- I'm just kidding- honestly!) I'm really not the most patient of people- if you couldn't tell already!    Leslie- You're on, girl! Name the time & place- LOL!! :D  I'm sorta squeamish- it depends.  I can read stuff fine- it's the visual and audible things I have problems with.  I prolly would have been voted "most likely to attract weirdos"- LOL.  My husband is the first "normal" guy I prolly attracted....I usually attracted very strange guys- the kind you *really* want to run away from- FAST.  About the patience.....see above- lol!!  I'm really hoping for a book- I sense an email urge coming on....watch out for the flying mac & cheese!  And from what Melissa says, it almost sounds like Shep's interested in true crime too, maybe(????).    Melissa- yeah, we have a great group- I think we're like one of those therapy groups- lol!  Hey- you, me & Teri are all the same height!  I know there was a girl on the MSN FNCC site that got pic- I'm really hoping it's before the last mail run tomorrow (Friday)....I'm just dying to put that up at work- I *need* smiles!!! :D  Actually what I'm going to do is put up a color copy at work and then put the original into my scrapbook- well protected and outta sight! :D  I think you should do the www.rick-leventhal.com & then have other things link to it? (I think that suggestion was made- either by you or someone else- that way you can get a lot of hits on it).  Cute email to Shep!! Mmmmmm- yes, definitely would have to be photo inserts in his book!  FULL COLOR!!    WELCOME ELLEN!! And to second Leslie, we are completely harmless and have loads of fun here!    Teri- yep- same height, brown hair (well, depending on the color I use-lol- but I'm naturally brown)- but I have green brown eyes- actually kinda like Rick's.  Sorta flat- about a 34C- I *would* have liked to have been a little flatter- LOL!!  AND CONGRATS ON YOUR REPLY!! YAY!!!! THAT'S 3 OF US WHO HAVE GOTTEN REPLIES- YAY US!!  It sounds about the same- but I *ABSOLUTELY LOVE* the "please tell any other members of my 'cult following' the same" *****swooooooonnnnnsssss*****  HOW SWEET!!!! ;D  ohhhhhh I want that picture now.......WHERE IS IT????  I'm so curious as to what he wrote!!  Yeah, it is actually pretty cool that he acknowledges his "cult following"!!  Kinda makes you wonder how much of this blog he's checked out- LOL!!  It finally cooled off here today- the natural AC kicked in (the fog) *much* better.  I couldn't sleep last night 'cause it felt so warm.    Ok, Melissa- I took your advise on the "Milkrun" book- I, uh, kinda spent about $160.00 on books- all "Chick-lits" as I'm finding they're called- LOL!!  Also- I know you saw the movie, but they also have a "Down With Love" book out- with pics from the movie in the middle, in full color.  OK- I'm totally slacking- half hour past my lunch time- still eating.  Gotta finish & get back to work- talk with all ya'll later!  I have one more PO (post office) run left today.....so we'll see.  Sheesh, I'm hoping it's by tomorrow afternoon!  I don't want to go through another whole weekend waiting- LOL!  Oh yeah- Melissa- I do have a scanner, so I'll be sure to scan so you can post.