Today was a great day for Greg's Grrrrls!  I'm convinced now that Fox has Rick locked in the basement.  On the plus side, I guess I didn't miss him today- makes you wonder what he does when he's not reporting; I assume researching.   Leslie- ROFLMAO about the "Satin Rules"!  Nah, Shep doesn't look like a catfish.  Speaking of Shep, did ya'll see the end of Fox Report when he was raving about the Yankees?  I couldn't resist- I sent an email that said "GO SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS!" and just said some friendly competition.  Last I heard (which was, well last week I think), the Giants were first in their league which is awesome.  I want a replay of last year- this time they'll win the Series.  BTW....there's a few guys on their team that are cute too..... About injecting any of the sweeties into the books you're reading- yeah, that would NOT be a good idea-lol!  Do you have trouble sleeping after reading true crime?  I do if it's creepy enough.  Red Dragon was one of those books that kept me reading- hard to put down & then hard to turn out the light! Anybody here remember reading "The Amityville Horror"?  I read that in 7th grade and I swear I went *back* to sleeping with a nightlight and it would take me *forever* to go to sleep.  I may re-read that one to see if I have the same reaction now.... I like Mark Fuhrman- I felt bad for him during the Simpson trial- I seemed to think at the time that he got a raw deal.    Melissa- Yeah- those books are my guilty pleasures too!  I need fun flirty reads every once in awhile.  I'm going to check out the "Milkrun" one- I have a couple of discount book cards (B Dalton & Waldenbooks).  I didn't really think about doing that (putting one of the cuties into the story) until just the other day.  I meant to mention it here but kept forgetting 'til last night.  Ah, yes....the sleeping bag......yummers!  LOL- GutterGal!!  I'll have to remember that one.  I think Rick's eyes are green or hazel- I used to think they might be blue until I got a closer look after the war.  I'm going through Rick withdrawals again too.....time to drop some more hints via email.  You're not the only one here with raging hormones- LOL!!  Sounds like were all kinda wound up!! ;D  What *is* today? LOL I think I'm in that same frame of mind as Shep.    Ellen & Melissa- I took one of those classes too- it was one of the requirements (I think I had a choice & I chose History of World Religions) for my AA degree.  I took another class - a world philosophies class- from the same instructor.  Talk about a strange duck.  Interesting, but just a *little* intense- not intense in the sense that he tried to 'shove religion down your throat', but just all around intense.  I'm not sure what his religious leanings were.  He was a good instructor in that I felt like I really learned a lot that I didn't know before- I found a lot of things in different religions that I can use; however I'd classify myself as Christian- but I haven't been to church in over 13 years (unless you count weddings and funerals).  Melissa- like you said, I truly believe in God, but I haven't found my place in any particular religion either.  I was really intrigued by Catholicsm after I went to a co-worker's funeral last November- there was just something so......*something* in the rituals.  Very moving.   Ellen- I'll have to check out the site sometime & see what they have- I'm also interested in the different religions from a historical standpoint.  I just *love* history.....  Sherry- you could be right!  And you know the saying.....when it rains, it pours!  LOL- sheesh, I must really be just worn out in the brain or something....I just got an image of raining Ricks (you know, raining cats & dogs.....)- hey we could have raining Ricks & Todds- LOL!!  Ok gals, I just *know* I've lost it now.... ;D  Teri- ROFL-I *know* the feeling!!  I sent Rick an email via my "guinnevereo@yahoo.com" email instead of the "knoneill@pacbell.net" email- LOL!!  We may be having a joint funeral!  Oh, girl, my heart sank when you were saying that you hoped that it wasn't going to be some secretary replying!  I really hope (and I really think) that he did write the reply back to me & Melissa.  *sigh* He wouldn't do that, would he?  Nah.  I'm still waiting for the picture, but it's only Wednesday and Monday was a holiday.  It *should* only take 3 or 4 days regular mail, so unless it went slow class (third class- or bulk rate- lol!)  it really should be here this week.  I don't know if you've found this out yet- but CA mail can take a week to get from No CA (for example, the Bay Area) down to So. CA- Fresno or San Diego- doesn't matter.  I could *walk* it there quicker.  I'll keep ya'll posted.  That quick walk is like 10 miles now every time I go.  I keep envisioning the envelope in there, get giddy, only to open the door to an empty box.  Kinda funny, really.  Oh yeah, I guess I forgot to add the "naked" part to mine too- *grins* LOL!    OK- sorry for the long post, but there was just too many things I wanted to reply to! ; D