Sally- Thanks for posting that! :)  Do you mean the H&C segment they were on?  I only found that one (where Rick mentions Shep's cat).  If there's another one, can you post the link?  And yes, I would love to know Rick's birthday- my guess is that he's either a Pisces or Scorpio.  He actually reminds me of a guy I knew about 13 years ago who was a Pisces- more on that later! Melissa- I think my email is spastic tonight too- I didn't get on IM, but it seems like I should have gotten a LOT more emails than I did today....hmmmm.....internet trolls!   Leslie- forced withdrawal definitely sucks and doesn't work! :)  I'm having a difficult time myself....  OK- a quick bio:  I'm 34 (b-day Nov. 13), married to a great guy (ex San Francisco Cable Car gripman, now instructor).  We live in San Rafael, CA on a 54' sailboat with our kitty, Maggie.  I have three step-kids; although one will be 30 this year (about 5 years younger than I), so I don't really think of her as a step-daughter.  My step-sons are 19 & 21.  I work for a medical malpractice insurance company- grrrrls- this site brings a lot of "LEVity" to my day! You have no idea.....Rick's smile is enough to make my bad day disappear!  (Sounds bad, huh, but it's true!).  I graduated from SFSU last year with a degree in English/Creative Writing.  I'm feeling the urge to write again, so hopefully I can write my way out of my current job! :D  I just haven't had any fodder...until now! :)   I keep saying this, but I'm really, REALLY glad to be a part of this group! At first I thought I was the only one out there with a Rick addiction!  I've been so spoiled this week with Rick coverage daily (sometimes times two), I have a feeling they'll be cooling it now for the rest of the week. Everyone keep an eye out & post if possible if there's a sighting.  Talk to ya'll tomorrow! Sweet (Rick & Greg) Dreams!! :D  PS- if you go into the video & transcrips in the Fox Fan Central, they have a video of the Iraq coverage- EMBEDDED coverage- check it out.  You have to buy it.....so I took a chance and got it- it's $34.95 + s/h- I hope it's worth it- I'll let you know. It will probably be 2-3 weeks before I get it.