I GOT MY PIC TODAY!!!! I think it's the same pic that Denise and Lynne got, same funky tie, but, cute goofy grin, I love that grin. But, now my excitement is tempered somewhat by the news that I MISSED HIM IN JEANS!! I thought it was going to be a repeat too, so I just didn't watch, like Jayel, I will not make anymore assumptions. I'm going to try to get my scanner hooked up so if I do, I can scan the pic and send it to Melissa, if you still want to post it??? BTW on mine he wrote "Jan, Thanks for watching + writing. Rick Leventhal", I guess I got a little more 'ink' time...(gloating) ;-D I like Leslie's idea for the photo better though....(and he addressed the envelope too)  Leslie, glad you're back! Since I keep wandering in to Smithville, you may visit Leventown whenever you wish....just be respectful...:-) besides, I like the images you produce in my small little mind....Happy Anniversary, 10 years is a great accomplishment, congrats and enjoy the 'together time'.  Melissa, I like the idea of keeping us together too, I just don't want some creepy person to be able to post all sorts of disgusting and disrespectful things. Not that WE don't, we just know how to take it by now....Although, we are never disrespectful......I love the name LevenGals, so I don't want to lose that, but incorporating it into another title is fine with me. I also think it's generous of you to ask our opinions when you do all the hard (and great) work....I've been thinking of reading East of Eden too, I know I could just rent the movie, but I think it was Natalie who said that books are much more detailed and I feel that way too.   Denise, I've only been through Nashville so I wouldn't be much help, although get good instructions because the interstate system through there is confusing, not scary, just confusing. I think there are a lot of fun things to do there, congrats on being the MOH. I'll bet you could get a ton of info on Nashville and bachelorette parties on the web....  Sherry, congrats on your last day, I'm glad you're not upset about it, I understand the sad part, I've been at my (full-time) job 15 years too, and even though I'd like to see the building torched sometimes, I know I would miss the people....you can still keep in contact....Now you can just get stressed about school :-)  Had to post early, couldn't wait to tell ya'll about the pic, Good Luck Natalie, if not today....tomorrow for sure!!!! I'm gonna go mess with the scanner......I'll check back L8er....