Hey girls. I didn't see Rick at all today, but I was channel surfing a lot. I did see Jeff Goldblatt though! *yummm* He was looking mighty handsome! And Mike Tobin was on a lot, but I just don't care for him that much. I'm fine if I'm listening to him from another room, but if I look at him it's all over, I mean the man looks like he got punched in the nose one too many times. And his nose distracts me from the report. Well that and the fact that his head is much too small for his "bulked up" body. LOL I don't like "bulky" men anyways. I'm so mean I should be nice. So I'll just shut up about that. :) Seems that Greg Palkat (sp?) is reporting from Israel again, maybe him and Greg K. switch back and forth.  Jan - don't worry about that rude poster, I don't think she's here. We would know I'm sure. I'm sure we've said enough things that would spur her to retort to our silly banter.  Yeah I'm pretty sure I'll keep the blog just for us from now until whenever I feel like adding more people. And I'll make a message board for the site so the "unwashed masses" can use it. :)  Nat - it may be just your computer at work. Do you use Internet Exploer or Netscape as your browser, or something else? Plus if it's not a recent version of either of those browsers, then it may not be able to know that it's supposed to be a split screen. Well let's hope that your pic comes tomorrow. Denise and Lynne, how long ago did you request your pictures? That might make a difference too.  Lelise - So glad you're back! I was begining to worry. I'm a worry wort. Hope the girls are doing fine, lord knows you're keeping them well fed! Can I come live with you, and you cook for me? LOL  I spent an hour and 1/2 working on a sketch today. It looks ok, but I'm going to try to color, outline and shade it on my computer now, but here's what I have so far. It's my version of Ginny Weasly from the Harry Potter books. :)     What do you guys think? Well I'm going to try and color it now. I'll let you know how it turns out.