Melissa and ah - I agree that keeping this blog for ourselves is a sound idea.  There is, unfortunately, a Fox fan who has posted on other message boards who makes a habit of attacking other posters.  I haven't seen her post on this board, but I'm afraid that she may already be a blog member here under a different email addy than she normally uses.  One person should never be allowed to spoil things for everyone else, so I hope that she never tries to make one of her rude postings here.    As for changing the name of the blog to be more inclusive of not just Greg Kelly, but of the various other favorite Fox guys, I'm not sure what I think about a name change.  Rick is my favorite and is the reason I joined the blog, but currently he's on so little, that it's hard to keep the conversation going on him alone.  Whatever you decide, Melissa, will be fine with me.  Natalie - After reading your post about Rick being on Fox Magazine in jeans, I'm gnashing my teeth and banging my head against the keyboard.  I didn't watch or tape Fox Magazine because I assumed that the Pa. miner segment with Rick would be a repeat of what had already been shown.  I'm going to take this as an object lesson and refuse to make any more assumptions about Rick reports.    While channel surfing I came across an announcement on CNN that they're going to have more Iraq war coverage on July 4.  There has been no such similar announcement from Fox, so I fear the worst concerning their plans to devote any new coverage to the embeds.  If they continue to ignore the value of Rick and Greg, I'm going to start thinking of fashioning a voodoo doll, naming it Clueless FNC Executive, and sticking pins in it. Grrrr!  Seriously, all that I know for us to do for now is to continue to let Fox know that we are NOT HAPPY about their failure to put Rick on more often.  Greg Kelly fans have been somewhat luckier with Greg sightings, but now he seems to have vanished also.  Fox just doesn't seem to get that it makes a big difference to the audience when we get to see our favorites, so we have to keep trying to get the message across to them.