Dangit, dangit, dangit!  3 trips to the PO & *still* no photo!  I guess I'm getting my exercise, though- it's 6 blocks round trip from my office & takes me 10 minutes total each time (I walk very fast- I'm one of *those* people- lol!  I don't know the meaning of walking slow....)  Argh.  One more trip today & then I'll have to wait till tomorrow!  Yay Lynne!  LOL- how can you *forget* something like that? Just kidding!  I'm hoping that yours and Denise's arrived Saturday since you're closer....but that doesn't explain why Jan didn't get hers then too.  Jan- any luck today??  Maybe he mailed out part of them and the rest are there on his desk till he gets back from vacation (assuming that's why he's been AWOL from Fox in the last week).    Melissa- I'm for keeping the blog for ourselves too- I've really gotten accustomed to our demented little family here!  I'm quite fond of our little blog.  Depending what's easiest/works out best, I'd also say have a "message board for the unwashed masses" as Leslie called 'em- LOL!  Definitely a big huge *THANK YOU* for all the hard work you've done on these!! :-D  I was seeing a divided screen, but not anymore. Then again, as crazy as Friday was, it may have been like this on Friday too- maybe it's the way it is at work, and at home I have the divided screen.....I'm not sure.  Then again, I'm not sure what I did to change it to the divided screen; if I did, I did it by chance- LOL!  Not to rub it in, but girl, he looked *AWESOME*.........I think my eyes popped out.  Come to think of it, Todd looked good this morning, too- LOL.  Lately when I've gone to B & N or B. Dalton (which seems to have the chick-lits better displayed) I've been drawn to the chick-lits.  It tends to vary, but usually I'm buying more fiction than non.    Leslie! Glad to see you back!  Congrats on your upcoming 10th anniversary!!  Yay!  I'm sure you guys will have a great time in Amarillo!  I grinned from ear to ear about the "special pictures"  especially after seeing that boy in jeans last night.....*way* too active imagination.  Stuffed manicotti......I'll be on the next flight out.    OK- gotta finish wolfing (sp??) down lunch so I can go train Samantha on cancellations (we have to do about 20 before tomorrow afternoon).  I'll check in later- prolly tonight.  Any Rick or (any other) Todd sightings today?  (Those of you who are Fox-accessible.  BTW.....Work has eaten my brain- please forgive any mangled words or phrases here- lol.   Later!