Gah! I was in the middle of typing a long post and my computer decides to freeze up!  Nat - you're not seeing a divided screen? I do. How about the rest of you? I'll try and figure out why that's happening for you though. Maybe I can log in under your username and try and figure out why it's doing it with you. Well you know if worse comes to worse we'll only have to deal with blogger for a while longer.  Oh crap! I missed Rick in JEANS?!?! *cries* I completely forgot about Fox Magazine!!  Denise - You know I don't know if the new "blog" has spell check or not. I haven't set it up, and it's really really complicated. *fowns* I may just have to pay to have someone set it up. I'll figure something out though.  As for blog VS. message board. Well a message board is like what they use over at the MSN or Yahoo Groups. Where someone posts a message with just the "topic" and then you have to click on the topic to read it. I prefer a blog as well, I like being able to directly talk with you all. But I was thinking maybe for the Rick site I should set up a message board for other fans, and maybe all of us, can just keep this blog for ourselves. Maybe we should change our names too, 'cause you know I'm pretty sure more than 1/2 of us prefer Greg over Rick, and we talk about more than just Rick. So maybe we should just be our own little Group. I could still put a link of the Rick page so people can still come read, but if they want to post they'll just have to use the "comments" or join the message board instead. I dunno. Maybe I won't have a message board at all. It's just an idea I've been throwing around. Though if I think about it, I probably wouldn't have time to maintain a message board.  I really do hope that the guys have been randomly working on voice overs for a ward coverage DVD. FOX need to get off their rears and put one together. Though maybe it's taking them longer since they have SO MUCH great coveage!! :)  Sherry - sounds like you had fun camping! You know it's funny because I live in a small town called Raytown here in MO, just thought it was funny that they have very similar names, but we dont have a lake. :(  Jen - I feel your pain girly. Like, last week when I was craving chocolate SO bad, and I can't have it 'cause I'm on my diet. I know it's not the same, but it'll get better as time goes on.  Hope you didn't laugh too hard making your stomach hurt. :)  " I'm going to Barnes and Noble later on, hopefully I won't buy too much. " -- HUH! What was *I* thinking?! I should know better than to go there on a boring rainy day, especially when I'm sleep deprived. I spent $75, well my mom actually gave me $20 when I got home so I guess I only *spent* $55. I got my mom the new (but actually old) *Oprah Book* "East of Eden" by John Stienback, so she gave me money for that. I also decided to get B&N's Readers Advantage Card, so that's $25 a year. And then I got a couple illustrating and cartooning books. I used to be really good when I was a kid at drawing cartoon figures, especially the disney characters. So, I figure I'd try my hand at getting better. I figure it'd give me something to do on a rainy day, or a day like today when I have no car, instead of surfing the net all afternoon, buying things I don't need. :) Maybe I'll scan and post something if I get something half way decent drawn. :)