Melissa- girl, it sounds like you've been *BUSY*!!  I kinda like the blog format- I guess I'm used to it.  I haven't used a message board before so I'm not sure what the differences/similarities would be.  I like that we can post and then respond to other's posts (like I am now & also the 'comments' option).  I think you'd prolly be able to do the comments thing, since that came from another website & wasn't provided by blogger. The way we have it now makes me think of it as a sort of time delayed IM- LOL!  You know what bookstore gets me *every* time?  Borders.  I can't go in there & leave w/o buying something.  I hope you're right- I hope there's a nice manilla-like folder there from Rick/Fox!  I'm going to have to remeber to use the idea you had- pretend to look for something under the desk when I have tears of frustration.  I usually just sit there trying to hide the tears which is not easy since I sit on the walkway- everyone sees me.    Jayel-  I'm with you & Jan about the video/dvd option.  I would think that now that CNN is doing it that Fox would follow suit.  Good idea about contacting Richard O'Brien the same way.....this could work.  The only tricky part would be the apostrophe- I have the same dilemma with my last name- O'Neill.  My work address uses the apostrophe, in fact it MUST HAVE the apostrophe or it won't go through.  There have been other sites where I have to put my home email address because I can't use the work one- wouldn't allow the apostrophe.  Gotta be one way or the other though- either Richard.O'Brien@foxnews.com or Richard.OBrien@foxnews.com.  If I think of something creative I'll share it here and email it (Work has kinda sapped the creative juices lately- with the exception (strangely enough) of my story idea....).    Speaking of work, I brought some stuff home to work on today- I have no other way of hoping to catch up unless I do that.  I know, I know......bad girl.    I'll check in sporadically today- gotta get these apps finished & then start dinner around 3:30- Mexican Casserole.