Jan- even about serious stuff  you're funny :D  Yeah, I think you'd prolly have to be in a 3rd world country to have chickens in the hospital-lol!  At least I could easily see them there.....I miss those "Rick-isms".  I remember the ex of mine that used to be in the Army telling me about the slamming the needle in the thigh treatment.  I can't imagine having to do that either, but when it comes to life or death, give me the needle!  LOL about the picture- :D  no problem!  How exciting- you got two replies too!! :D  I'm hoping he'll reply to my 'thank you' email that will go out as soon as I get the picture.  Good point about Rick being a sort of father figure over there- maybe not to the higher ups, but to the general troops I think you're right.  Keep dodging those tornadoes- they have something about them at Fox News online  tornadoes    Melissa- I second what Jan said- you're a lot more mature than others your age.  I think I was the same way....actually I was what you could prolly call a "mature late bloomer"- LOL   Hey, check out what I found on Ebay-  boonie hats  I didn't see Rick on Fox Report today, so it must be tomorrow.    Ellen- don't ya hate when that happens??  i like that suggestion of not using caps...lol.    Teri- I think you & Leslie are probably right- but I'm hoping it gets here next week.  I took a look at the memo Lucy (my boss) gave me Friday- lucky me, I get to 'mentor' the new hire who starts Monday so I may not be as flexible with being able to get over to the post office- there will be at least one trip a day, but I want 3- if nothing else, for the exercise and air.  I prolly won't be able to check in as often as I do during the day until August- LOL!  Ugh....I'm not looking forward to this- mainly 'cause I'm afraid of messing up, but also 'cause I'm going to be even *more* behind than I already am.  But.....like I said, "I can *do* it" (think that movie "the Water Boy")  not to mention it'll look good on my PA (performance appraisal) next year.