Melissa- Yeah- I *love* "Life in Mono" There is just something so great about that song- the music, the words- awesome.  LOL- I have one of those fat mead books too- I usually use it for a food/pts journal (Weight Watchers)-which I haven't lately- but the other day I scribbled down some ideas that were just springing to my mind.  I'd do a tape recorder, but I can't stand the sound of my voice- LOL!  I've been told though that you get used to the sound of your voice and that it is also an excellent tool.  BTW- the Cristy Lane ad's on again- I think of you every time they play it-LOL!  Remember how much they were playing it when the war was really going strong?  OK- back to the tape thing- yeah, I could see how that would work too for your photography.  I know what you mean about trying to get the perfect picture.  There have been so many times where I see the light hitting something in such a way that I want to capture it and when I see the photo later, it's just not the same.  That's gotta be one of your greatest pet peaves I bet, 'cause you're trying to capture a specfic moment.  One ever so slight change (of light, etc) changes the whole feeling of the picture and it's just not the same.  That would drive me crazy as a photographer- I'm such a visual person that it would be extremely (very) important to me- LOL.  Oh, good Lord- that dream sequence- I could *totally* see that.....mmmmmm..... you know, I've always said that if I wrote a trashy romance novel I'm going to have to use a pseudonym- LOL  I *loved* "Where the Heart Is"- great book (I've only seen bits of the movie- but I almost always think the book's better- I'm a detail person & movies always leave out a lot of them).  I have "White Oleander", but haven't read it yet.  "Losing Julia" sounds familiar....but can't place it.  I remember "A Wrinkle in Time" but haven't read it- I'm going to have to check these out one of these days.  Yeah, unfortunately there's *way* too many people out there lacking common sense.  Hope you have fun babysitting! :-D  Well, I thought I'd check in before I did the cleaning & stuff.  Also trying to get the contacts to gel and it helps when I'm doing something (like posting/reading the blog) while they gel.  With my allergies, they tend to burn my eyes for the first 10 minutes.  Yeah, yeah, I know- I need to get into the eye doctor.  I know it's prolly 'cause my eyes are dry *note to self- need to use eye drops*- LOL  I hope today is at least a Todd day- I know he tends to pop up sometimes on the weekends every so often.  OH YEAH!  Rick's going to be on Fox Magazine tomorrow night - you can check it out   here .  I think it's a repeat clip though from when he was on a couple of weeks ago reporting about the suicide of the guy who helped save the PA miners.  OK- gotta get to work- LOTS of laundry to do & cleaning up.  I'll check in later...  Leslie, where are you?????  I hope everything's OK!!