Nat - I've never heard the "Great Expectations" whole soundtrack, but I ADORE "Life in Mono" by Mono, that is like one of my absolute favorite songs! And dont even get me started on Mouling Rouge. I think I must've seen that movie a dozen times at the theater (for free though, 'cause I used to work there.) I'm sorry to hear about your old friend. That's so sad! You know what I do  to not let myself forget things? I carry around a small "fat mead notebook" in my purse with a pen, and I also carry around a small handheld tape recorder. I record on it when I get ideas while I'm driving in the car. I think I'm going to start using it for my photography too, so I can remember what settings I used for a certain picture.  Denise- yeah I LOVE the idea of being Rick's personal portrait photographer. =) I can see it now.............*blurry dream sequence* " Now Rick I want you to turn to the side, for a nice profile shot. Ok now look up here -- yeah right into my eyes. Now give me that lovely smile. GREAT, now we need a casual picture. Ok go ahead and take off that tie, and change into something a little more comfortable.... "  Ok I'll stop now before I go overboard and it starts turning into one of those trashy romance novel type things. LOL  JEN! Wow I can't believe you're posting already. Sounds like you're doing pretty good. I hope you're feeling ok, those staples don't sound like fun at all. Maybe now you can get your Greg fix while at home =)  Me choose books? Hmmmmmm, let me think. *going to look at what books I have LOL* Ok, let's see..   "Losing Julia" by Jonathan Hull  was good from what I've read so far. I never got to finish it, because I started reading something else and packed it away before we moved in Nov. of 2001. I just recently found it about 3 months ago, but I plan to finish it soon. I also liked   "A Walk to Remember" by Nicholas Sparks , it's a very easy read and it's a really touching story (MUCH better than the movie, though I liked the movie too.) And when I was in Jr. High I LOVED the book   "A Wrinkle in Time" by Madeleine L'Engle , people might think it's a *kids* book, but it's really really good, like the Harry Potter books, it's enjoyable to just about anyone who's willing to give it a chance. And speaking of *Oprah Books* I fell in LOVE with   "Where the Heart Is" by Billie Letts . It was the first Oprah book I read. I also like another Oprah book called   "White Oleander" by Janet Fitch .  I'm starting to get really irritated with my job too. I just can't believe sometimes how ignorant, naive, and just plain stupid some people are. I hope you all start having a better time at your jobs. =) Or possibly find happiness in something else. =)  Oh yeah one more thing. If your post, posts again by itself, you can always edit it. On the bottom 1/2 of the screen in blogger where it shows like the 5 most recent posts, you can click "edit" next to your name on your post. You can also make it change how many posts are being shown in the bottom 1/2. On the right hand colum it says "Show ______ items" you can change it to show up to 50 posts at one time. Hope this helps. =)  Well I have to baby sit tomorrow night, so I probably won't post until late. Talk to you all later.