One good thing about working in a hospital pharmacy is that if we should ever be attacked by nerve gas, we have military issue epi-pens.  That means if we are ever slimed (as Rick says) we can jam a needle into our thighs and possibly survive.  Only thing is-it says one dose may not be enough and I think we only get one each.  Another potential problem is: How will we know if we've been slimed?  We don't have chickens in the hospital. I know I'd have to be pretty darn sure I was in immediate danger of dying before I could slam myself with a needle.  Although I'd be more than happy to stick some of my co-workers....  The preceeding paragraph was an editorial (except for the co-worker sentence), I'm not real concerned about getting gassed. :-)  I agree with Natalie, I think photography is a form of invention in that you are not just taking a picture of something, you are putting your perspective on an otherwise common occurance.  The angle you choose as well as the lighting and framing can be very inventive.  I apologize Nat for trying to give your picture away.  The reply about the hat was my second! I sooo want to email him again, but I'm not going to.  I think as a journalist you have an editor to do the spell check and capitalization, so you can concentrate on the content.  Melissa-I think you are an exception to the rule, you seem more mature than a lot of gals your age, I know some mature faster, but as a rule, guys are slower.  I think after the training, they see thing differently, but I think some just want to drive big trucks and shoot big guns.  I have all the faith in our military, and they are doing us very proud, but (no offense to your age group) they are kids. Don't you suppose Rick was sort of the 'father figure' over there, I picture some gawky young guys going up to him to ask HIM what was happening.  I'm dodging the tornadoes well, but the pharmacist I worked with tonight lost a grill and a mower, and a tech's mother's house got hit.  It's all a little spooky.  I'm thinking I've used up all my syllables already tonight, I try to keep them limited...:-P