Hi, ladies!  Does anyone think that Rick could be on vacation this week?  With summer here and news in NYC so slow, this would seem to be an opportune time to take off.  I trust that Jen is progressing satisfactorily.  Ellen - I'm one of the older ones here, too.  What is rather amazing about this blog is that we're all quite different and yet we're so compatible.  From what I've read on other blogs and message boards, to have members who are all nice and respectful of each other is very unusual.  What we all have in common -- being female, liking Rick and being Fox News fans -- is enough to make us a cohesive group.  For anyone who has a problem with getting older, I can only recommend what works for me.  My advice:  Consider getting a modern English version of the Bible, read the New Testament first, since it's easier to understand, and then the Old Testament.  Reading the Bible helps me to keep all issues of life in perspective, so perhaps it would help anyone who wants to give it a try.  It's interesting that you said that you're a Democrat, so would you like to tell us what led a Democrat to become a Fox News watcher?  I started watching because it was so amazing to me to be able to hear conservative views expressed.  I didn't even pay any attention at all to the various Fox reporters until the Iraq war began, so obviously I'm not the sharpest knife in the drawer.  Lol!  In the regrettable absence of any Rick news, I did come across a positive article on Fox News, which involves their rivalry with CNN.  The article stated that Fox has beaten CNN in the ratings for 18 straight months and is almost doubling CNN's primetime ratings.  As a result of this, Fox is set to topple CNN on the crucial ad sales front.  CNN's top money man has resigned, as have a series of top level CNN execs.  I notice that Shep and Bill O'Reilly enjoy taking potshots at CNN.  CNN has run some special shows on their coverage of the Iraq war.  Having not watched CNN's war coverage, I've seen a couple of these specials and more than ever I'm impressed with the way that Rick, Greg and Ollie reported on the war.  Almost all of the CNN reporters went out of their way to point out anything that went wrong with the American military.  One CNN reporter even said that, "You almost have to hate the Marines" for conducting house-to-house searches in Baghdad.  Considering that these were the same Marines with whom he had traveled to Baghdad and who had protected him, I found his attitude to be astonishing.  Another CNN reporter appeared to have been combative and argumentative with the soldiers with whom he had been embedded.   Has anyone noticed how Shep likes to tease Jane Skinner about her "drinking and drug use?"  I think that Jane must be a very wholesole, straightlaced type, and that's why Shep likes to tease her.  I always feel that the degree of Shep's teasing is a tip-off to how much he likes other Fox employees.  From what I've seen so far today, this isn't going to be a good day for sighting any of our favorite Fox guys.