Holy cow, this looks so different!  I liked it better when I could easily see what people have posted so I could respond.....can't do that anymore as far as I can tell, so I guess I'll be doing the split screen thing.  I was so bummed that it wasn't available yesterday.  I was in such a strange mood and now it's gone and it's hard to describe.  It was a really crappy day at work, and I just had this feeling like I wanted to run away, and then I started thinking of story ideas and one thing was leading to another so I wrote down the basics in this notething I had in my purse.  I think I'm just so tired, and when I get like that I start thinking on different levels (I'm sure ya'll know what I mean)- it was like a heightened sense of awareness and my mind was open to a lot.  I had to take the bus (hubby took the day off so he could get some work done & also take Maggie to the vet for her check up) which was really funny (I told Sherry & Leslie I think) on IM last night.  There was this guy who asked if I was waiting for the 32 and it was funny, 'cause off hand he kinda reminded me of Rick - but much younger.  LOL  I guess that's kinda what got my story idea too- the character is prolly going to be a Bridget Jones type- not flashy, not plain- just in the middle & having gone through lousy relationships where she's met guys everywhere but nothing seems to pan out.  So when a stranger asks what time it is, etc- she doesn't take notice until this time, yadda yadda yadda.  I don't want to spill too much- but I also got the idea of putting a few of my short stories together as chapters.  I'm really stoked about this.  I just really want to be excited about something and my job just doesn't do it for me.  LOL- ya'll may be picking up *my* chick-lit book some day!  Oh yeah- I had the strangest dream last night- I think I'll put it in my blog and you can check it out there- I feel funny posting it here at the moment- dunno why though.  It wasn't dirty, just kinda weird- typical for my dreams.    Melissa- Have you heard from Jen yet?  God, I hope she's doing well- I'm sure she is- she's a real trooper.  That horoscope *was* similar huh!  No pic yesterday either.  Either it's still on his desk or the PO is losing my mail.  We'll see today....unfortunately I have a 2 hr mtg this morning followed by a welcome lunch for my new sprvsr, and then happy hour at 5.  Let's see- I guess I'll get about 2 hours of work in today- LOL  It'll be another day of missing Fox Report- oh well-but the first drink is on the VP- hard to pass that up.  I couldn't stand when everything was DOS- but you know, our system here at work used to be DOS based & it worked *better* than the crappy windows based one we have now- not as many issues (which require issue reports= more work).  What book are you starting next?    Sherry, Jan & Leslie- it was fun chatting with ya'll on IM- challenging, but fun!  It's supposed to be 95 here in San Francisco & 97 where I live.  When I went to bed last night (at 11:00) it was 75 outside & 87 inside.  I was melting.  I had the fan on, but it's a small one and for all the noise it makes it just doesn't put out that much of a breeze.  Oh yeah- and there was virtually no breeze outside- earthquake weather is what they call this here; it's an urban legend.  The AC at work is dismal - they use the excuse that the "heat wave snuck up on them"- uh huh, right.  Just get the darn thing fixed!  LOL  So......yeah, it's gonna be a hot one here today.  I checked the temp in Austin & Phoenix where we have family and we were close to matching them yesterday.  I'm going to try to check in to weather.com to see what the current stats are- I'm always curious about weather (so much so that I almost considered changing my major to meteorology in my first year at SFSU).  Oh yeah- before I forget- someone had asked about where that list of stuff came from about the Pac Man, Pong, TVs with 13 channels, etc.  It's something that Beloit College puts out every year now- you can find it   here   OK- gotta get to work.  Talk to ya'll later- have a good day! :-D