OK- here we go again with the horoscope: "Regardless of the weather, the day may have special appeal for you, especially this afternoon, when a sense of euphoria lightens your spirit." It's definitely going to be another *warm* day (it was 83 inside last night- ick) Maybe the sense of euphoria will be........  Sherry- I hate when I lose a blog post- it just never turns out the same.....  Yeah- VCRs used to be pricey.  I think getting the VCR was like getting a Microwave, very expensive then (and very cheap now), and it was a *huge* deal when we got each of them (microwave was back in 1980 or so).  I felt like I was in the "in crowd" LOL   Remember Pillsbury frozen microwave popcorn?  You had to keep it in the freezer- I was just reminiscing about that the other day with my hubby.  I remember the Hooters!  Didn't the lead singer have something to do with Cyndi Lauper?  I think he was in the "Time After Time" video.   Ahhhhhhh......still agonizing for missing Todd- sounds like he was looking *good* yesterday.  I need to get better at recognizing their voices- that'd prolly help, huh?    Denise- glad you had a great time at the concert!  OH YEAH!  I know the email you're talking about....I think I have the link saved at home for the university that does that every year- I'll have to look it up.  OMG- a TV with 13 channels - we were like that till 1982- LOL- BETA TAPES- LMAO- I'd almost forgotten about those!  Pong was great.  Remember the Pac Man song that came out around that time?  I don't remember how it goes though....you could prolly find it on WINMX or any of the other music downloading sites.  The guy in front of you at the show had a good idea- I'm going to have to remember that next time I got to a show.  It's like making your own concert shirt!  That's funny what your family does- my dad's side of the family (me included) tend to run late to dinners & stuff- but my grandma is so well known for it that we always tell her a half hour earlier too.  I've been wondering about Rick (or lack thereof) too- where *is* that boy! Not only that, but the picture hasn't shown up yet- I wonder if it's still sitting on his desk... ;-p  And I agree with you about him being more attractive and more amusing to watch than you-know-who.  Yeah! Check out those sites- check out the picture! If you didn't feel old before you will now- they look older and Roger looks a lot different to me than before.  LMAO about Nick's makeup....  Amen to your comment about how we all gather here for a common interest and how we come from different ages, backgrounds & stuff- I think it's amazing and awesome too.  I agree America *IS* grand! :-D  a h - I sort of liked the Cure, but I was always more into DD than them.  I was really surprised they regrouped too- I never expected it to happen, and you're right- it was never the same after they split & added the new guys.    Melissa- I'm sorry you're feeling down!   Hopefully today will be a better day.  Wow, I *still* can't believe that you got through HP that fast!!  I hope Jen's doing good too- definitely let us know if you hear from her, and tell her that we are all thinking of her.  Know what you mean about hospitals- ick.  I liked a bit of the early/mid 90's alternative stuff but not so much of the hard stuff though.  There's current stuff I like now, but I find I'm kinda picky about it.   OK- later- gotta get to work. :-l