Geek Alert-----I never really listened to the radio much until high school, before that it was mom's records...Barry Manilow, The Lettermen, John Denver, etc, so I didn't experience the great 70's music until about the 90's. I completely remember Duran Duran, U2, Nik Kershaw, Pet Shop Boys, etc, but that was my sister's genre. She was into the British Invasion, I liked Huey Lewis and the News mostly, but I never thought George Michael was straight, especially after the yellow gym shorts in "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go". I can still name the 5 original MTV VJ's though.....my fave was Alan Hunter...Sometime I catch an 80's song on the radio and it shoots me back in time to study hall, we were allowed to listen to the radio unless we were in detention.   PU-not yet, but had a false alarm. I got a notice in my mailbox that I need to pick up a package at the PO and my heart skipped a beat, then I looked and the sender is BOMC, darn! I thought "I'm getting the skanky hat!" LOL ...I wish...  Melissa, have you finished the book yet? My sister got it first so I have to wait until she's done, at least she won't tell me anything about it. I heard a main character got killed off, but my friend's theory is this: The book is called The Order of the Phoenix and the Phoenix always rises from the ashes. So maybe if someone did die in this book, they will be reborn in the next one???...I had another friend (yes, I have more than one...) tell me about her dreams that if she concentrates enough, she can change things in the  dream. I have found myself thinking about that while dreaming, but have yet to change the outcome...  I am such a polar opposite to a lot of you gals, I don't find cleaning theraputic, and I NEVER plan that far ahead. I jump out of bed and see what I can accomplish in the 15 minutes I have to get to work...I'm never on time, and if I were, they would die of shock. I'm very lucky that my work is totally independent of other people, if I get my stuff done on time, they really don't care about the schedule....We basically set our own hours anyway, the only time they check is if I don't show up at all. My job at the hospital is different though, they depend on me to be there at the scheduled time and the result is I'm never late there. I'm a polar opposite of myself........  Nan-I thought the idea of hanging around the prison was hilarious...I just hope you would have invited me to the Shep Watch....BTW, If you DID happen to end up inside the prison for hanging around outside of it, you could do what you wanted to Shep, and it wouldn't have to be explained.....criminal insanity is a defense, is it not? PS, you're age doesn't really bother me either...:-P   People tend to think I'm younger too, but I think it's my behavior....   Nat-I don't hate that song "Walking on Sunshine", but now it's echoing in my head......(thanks for that!)Kinda like "It's a Small World" Todd's looking a little George Cloony-ish, I like the salt & pepper look on guys, it seems to make them more rugged (that's a good thing IMO) Don't you just love crazy dads and their made-up songs???