Natlie and Leslie - I just read the e-mail I got back from the IQ test and it said I'm an "Inspired Inventor" That doesn't make sense though because I'd have no clue as to what I could possibly invent. LOL  I wondered the same thing too about hin non existent capitalization, but I suppose when you're a journalist and your main part of being a journalist is to be on screen and read, that capitalization isn't that relevant. I suppose typing without capital letters is a lot quicker than taking time to push the shift button then the letter. I think it's probably just a clue into how casual and laid back he is, but who knows maybe he's like Natalies co-worker, and e-mails that way to everyone.  Jan - heat with humidity - I FEEL YOU PAIN. It's the worst, it's like you can't even breathe properly! It gets really humid here in Missouri too. I hope you're staying safe with all those tornadoes! Luckily the last couple storms we've had, have shown no sign of tornadic activity. Jan that's a great question for Rick! Though I do have to say that I'm a completely different person than I was when I was 16 (I'm only 20). Especially after 9-11 happened, and that's probably (even more so) the case of those brave men a women.  Leslie - of course you can stay, it just wouldn't be the same without you. =) I mean we do talk about Rick a lot, but we also talk about so much more, and that's why I think we're all such a fun group to be around. Besides, I gush over Shep too when Rick isn't available. But don't worry, it's one of those "look but don't touch" kind of things. Your flag is safely intact. LOL  Natlie - I'd definately say something about the Dr. too. I hope your hat gets there on time. Maybe you should check out a local hunting/fishing store (or probably any sporting goods store), they tend to have those floppy hats a lot. =) I hope you have fun, sounds like it'd be fun to go with you boss, esecially sice she's female. Is your hubby going too? =)  " ...or maybe auction it off " What'd I tell you? One of these days we'll see the hat on ebay. =) I already have all my plans worked out. LOL I'll buy it and give it it's own website. Then I'll wear it all around the world having people take photos of me wearing it as I stand in front of all kinds of famous tourist attractions. I'll take my own photos too as I go along to support my photography career. And sell my photos, and photos of the hat and donate money to the troops.  =) Sound  just perfect ! LOL yeah I'm living in a dream world. Maybe that's the "inspired inventor" coming out of me. LOL =) (so that's what I should have been calling day dreams all along - inspired inventions!)