Hi Everyone! Jan - you can relax - you're not the eldest member of this group - I think I probably have that distinction as I graduated in ... gulp '75.  Yes, you would have been in about 2nd grade then.  For those of you trying to do the math, I am 45.  Gosh, that looks really old in print.  Anyway, my age doesn't really bother me, as most people are shocked when they find out I have a son who is a senior in college and another son who is a senior in high school.  God has blessed me with a slow aging process (must be the bright white skin, LOL)  Besides, it's the age of the heart that matters most.  Leslie - you're right - Shep was delicious last night.  I love it when he gets that twinkle in his eyes and that grin on his face.  Can't wait to see his report on The Pulse Thursday night. I remember when he was here in CA about a month ago I think - damn - wish I knew he was in Atascadero - that's only 2 hours from where I live - just think I could of had a chance meeting lounging outside a prison for the criminally insane, LOL.  Oh well - I'll just have to survive on my wild imagination instead.  Denise - Rick Springfield LOL - I saw him last summer in Las Vegas in the EFX show - he still looks good.  He sang - Jesse's Girl - and a few of his other hits.  Really took me back in time.  The good old days of music for me are Peter Frampton, Eagles, Elton John etc - More 70's than 80's.  And yes, Leslie, I too had myself halfway convinced that George Michael wasn't gay, after all he was dating Brooke Shields!!!  Melissa - I know what you mean about losing track of time reading - Books have always been my source of escapism.  Haven't read any of the HP books nor seen the movies.  I lean more toward Tom Clancy and Vince Flynn for fiction.  I do read a ton of non-fiction - just finished Bill Bennett's Why We Fight and started Seabiscuit ( a movie is coming out next month and I must read it before then).  Nat - hope you get your special delivery today.  Back to work for me - check in later