Hey- check out a blurb from my horoscope for today: "Regardless of the weather, the day may have special appeal for you, especially this afternoon, when a sense of euphoria lightens your spirit." Hmmm.....could it be a special delivery to my mailbox?  LOL!     Denise- LOL- I'd forgotten about Rick Springfield!  Isn't it funny how all the words come back?  It's so funny that we can retain so much trivial stuff like that and yet forget simple stuff like whether the rent was paid, etc.  That seems to be the case with me- I'll have a little panic attack until I check the checkbook. Yes- life was definitely simpler.  Like my father in law says, life should be lived in reverse- that way you really would know everything you need to know when you're younger.  I'm amazed at how much time I prolly wasted- I should have read more when I had the chance!  80's music does bring back that carefree feeling, but I think I sense it more with 70's stuff, 'cause then I really *was* carefree- better times, I guess.   Let us know how Pearl Jam was & if Eddie spouted off or not- maybe he got it out of his system before ;-)  Jen- I know you won't see this till you're back home, but you bet we're all a pseudo family! :-D  You're especially in my thoughts & prayers this morning!  (While I was getting ready for work, I thought- it's 5:30 here, and 8:30 there- you're in surgery and I know you're doing great).  We'll miss seeing your posts for a few days- take care and post when you can!    Melissa- 500 pages into the book?!?  Wow- that's impressive- it would have to be a great book for me to read *that* fast!  I know what you mean about reading the other books to put it together- I read Anne Rice's "The Witching Hour" and the subsequent books- I had to write down characters in a family tree kind of thing to keep everyone straight.  Then I was like, this section relates back to something that happened in the first book, but now I can't remember what happened......I'd like to read all of those again, but they're also huge books.  You know, Shep asked at the end of Fox Report yesterday if anybody has read the new HP yet and if it was any good- you can always email him! ;-)  LMAO- that passage is *TOTALLY* me! I gotta read that book too- have it, just haven't read it yet....(same story different day for me with regards to books- LOL).  Thank God I'm not the *only* one who reasons like this- that means I'm at least half normal-LOL!  The theory is that if you write your dreams down regularly you'll be able to retain more of them as time goes on.  I've never been consistent, so I don't know- but others have agreed with this.  That's the same problem I have too- I can't quite capture what I saw, and it's like the more I try to remember and write it down the more it equally becomes unattainable.  Hey- now that you brought it up- a friend of mine told me once that if your rub your inner knees with your thumb (there's a pressure point there) it alleviates cramps.  It feels like a really tender spot but it really works.    Sherry- you're going to Pearl Jam too- how funny!  Well I wish you a good show too w/o political overtones/running of the mouth.  There's only one 80's song off the top of my mind that *really* got on my nerves then and still kinda do now- "Walking on Sunshine (gosh, it hurts just to type it- LOL).  I think that one somehow finds it's way on a lot of those compilations- LOL!  Glad you're finally having decent weather! :-D  OK- as always- gotta get to work.  More importantly gotta try to get my contacts in again so I don't have my nose 3 inches from the screen- LOL