Awww Jen, we'll miss ya! :) I'll be thinking of you first thing in the morning, and I mean FIRST thing! LOL I'll just be waking up at 6:30. (7:30 EST)  Well, it's been a boring day for me, just lounging on the couch. I took a nice long nap and read the rest of the evening. I'm almost 500 pages into the book! I want to get to the end so bad, but I don't want it to end at all! I really need to re-read the books so I can put together clues. I had a theory going on about the story, but was proven compltely wrong today in one of the chapters. Not that any of you care about this. Maybe I actually will have to e-mail this all to Rick. LOL!  I think the same way you guys do about time and how to prepare in the morning. Nat do you remember that book Milkrun, well it has this passage in it, that completely explains my thinking process when I do things. Here it is: -----------------------  Tomorrow is Saturday, so I can't stay out late tonight. Not too late, anyway. If I have to be at the Tae Kwon Do studio at eleven, then I'll have to leave my house by 10:30, which means I have to get up at ten. Wait--I should probably eat before I go. You're supposed to wait at least an hour after you eat before going simming; it's probably the same for martial arts. Okay, have to be finished eating by 9:45, which means I have to start eating at 9:30, which means I have to get up at 9:15. Maybe 9:25, considering there's no point in showeing if I'm only going to get all gross.  ----------------------- When I read that, I was ROFLMAO because that's Exactly my thinking proccess to a T!  I tend to have bad dreams when I'm stressed, or if where I'm sleeping is uncomfortable. I used to write my dreams down, but I haven't in quite a while. Maybe I should again, but it's funny because sometimes I'll wake up and remember a dream and then I'll go brush my teeth or go to the bathroom and at that point I've forgotten what my dream was about. :) And a lot of my problem is that I'm so tired that I can't put my dream into words that make any sense when I read it later, or I've lost a lot of the visual images of the dream and now it's just cluttered words on a page.  Most men are SUCH babies when they're sick. You should see my brother or my father when they're sick. They're just compltely hepless and whiny as all getout!  Well, I'm not tired considering how much I slept today, so I think I'll just go read some more. My tummy still hurts, but I'm pretty sure that's because of cramps (not that you all wanted to know LOL) but I do feel a little better. What am I gonna do when I'm finished with this book by Wensday (maybe tomrrow)? :(  I'll have to go buy some more books, and perhaps try to read some of the ones collecting dust on my bookshelf. :) I'm like Nat in that case, I buy more books than I need to, and can't keep up with reading them all. Well I hope you all have a good day tomorrow. I might not be able to post until really late tomorrow night, so have a great day!