Jen- I have to laugh at the way you look at time, 'cause I think the same way- I think backwards to make sure I have enough time for everything I need to do in the AM- and I'm even worse when it's before something out of my regular routine.  You know, something just occurred to me- would it possibly work to write the bad dreams out of your head?  In other words, use them as fodder for writing.  I don't know if you write in journals or have tried short stories, but maybe there's something you need to get *out*- you know what I mean?  I've tried that before and it seemed to work somewhat. Wow, I couldn't imagine eating a lot of baby food.  (It makes me think of the Toro Lawnmower commercial where the dad is trying to feed the kid & he's trying to convince the kid that it's really *good*- LOL)   I'm sure you'll do *great* tomorrow.  You're a very strong girl- I really think you will always do great at what you set your mind to.  Keep focused on the end result, and know we're all thinking of you!  Sherry- LOL- I think *most* guys are babies when they're sick- what would they do without us ladies?? ;-)  What kind of 80's music do you like?  I had that need some years ago to get some stuff on CD that I used to have on vinyl & tape; every now & then I pull them out and listen to them- they're really good at work.  *Please don't laugh at me everyone-lol* but I have Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, Howard Jones, Nik Kershaw, U2 etc.  I was more into the um...I can't remember now what we used to call it- modern rock I guess?  Or maybe new wave? LOL- that sounds so funny to me now!  I morphed a lot in the 80's I think, but have kinda returned to my roots of classic rock (I had 'hip' parents-lol).  Here's a thought/suggestion: maybe Melissa will be able to have it so we can be able to set up photo albums (like MSN Groups have the ability to) and we could put some "then & now" shots in there.  I look back and laugh sometimes, but I wouldn't have had it any other way- there were some good times in those days.  Ah....innocence!  Leslie- About the books you've been reading & your mindset- maybe that means you're a conservative ready to hunt and strike down the evildoing bloodsuckers of this planet (and I don't mean vampires....although that *would* make things very interesting.....). LMAO- when you mentioned the frisking of Shep, the first thought I had was "oooh Leslie would *love* that!" and then I saw your next sentence- well it was funny when I first saw it.   Sure, you can join the pale minty green club!  (I have an old Doonsbury cartoon- I'm going to have to find it & scan it along with the pic *when* I receive it and email it to ya'll.  It was something about tanning lotion for all skin types- pale minty green was the palest.  I do the same as you- burn, blister, peel, and freckle.  LOL- yeah, I have my tendencies every once in awhile to put on the disco station on the Launch.com site when I'm at work.  I think my favorite is "I Will Survive" - there's just something really empowering about that song. Bee Gees Greatest was a great LP.  OK- this is prolly the time to confess what I was also listening to (in addition to the classic rock) before "the mod 80's" came around & I jumped onto that bandwagon (so to speak).  Er.......Abba & Olivia Newton-John- LOL.  They were my absolute favorites when I was in Jr. High (this would've been around 1980.  Scary, huh?  Alright, all- time to 'fess up to what ya'll listened to that you normally wouldn't say!    Jan- LOL- I hate to see what his desk is like.  I was thinking about it today- I sent that 2nd email Weds., so *if* he mailed them Thurs. (which I hope he did- we know he was busy on Friday), then we really should have them by, well, tomorrow at the latest.  Hmm. Well, maybe he sent them today, since he wasn't on?  Dan Rather-not - LMAO!  I like that 'nickname' (for lack of a better word at the moment).  ROTFLMAO about the soap!