Jan- Exactly my thoughts!! I always told my Grandma something similar to that.  The last time I few to AZ in the summer, it felt *just* like that when we stepped outside from the baggage area- like you just opened oven door- all dry heat.  Hehe- I think you got me & Leslie confused- she did comment on the "picture in waiting" though.  I'm hoping for Monday, but as my mother-in-law says, "TTT" or "things take time"......so I'll practice my patience skills (or lack thereof-lol!). :D  Jan, how great! you got an answer back!    His replies are casual, friendly, and very impossible to resist replying to.  LOL- I was soooo certain the pic would arrive yesterday that I have a "thank you" draft saved in Outlook at work.  He *does* have that way of answering that nudges you to reply.  I think he's really surprised (who knows how much/how little? email he got before Iraq) that he has a fan base now and prolly does like to respond when he can.  About the typing & capitalization.....I have a coworker who does the same thing- it used to drive me crazy, but I guess I've gotten used to it.  She'd even do that in an email to the broker- lol!!  I notice lately that since she's in the phone unit that her emails are all capitalized correctly.  His emails remind me of her's - LOL!!  OK- brain fade again.....is that your first or second reply from him (I swear the short term memory is going....)??  Leslie- Loved the clown thing- I agree- I'm sure Noah didn't allow any clowns on the ark!  I'm leaning towards the bulk mailing thing....it's hard to say how they mail all that stuff out.  I'm really curious how the envelope looks (typed out or written out....and if written out- does the writing match that of the picture?)  I think I'll keep the envelope too-LOL!  I'll try to be patient...  0: )  (that's supposed to be a halo above the smiley, but oh well!).  I keep looking at the Rick pix and it looks like it's a solid color hat (no camo), but the GI Jane Military supplies place has 'em for a good price, so I may get two.  I need to wear hats when I'm outside anyway so it couldn't hurt to have a couple of 'em.  I *definitely* plan on bringing a waterproof camera.  LOL- I'm not sure what I'm more nervous about- riding up with my boss (she's a she) or going down the river!   Have fun at the movies- Nemo looks great!