Melissa- I broke down & bought the new HP book- earlier than I thought I would!  In the end I got it for 50% off since I have one of those B&N discount cards.  I've seen the first movie but not the second.  I'm going to put those DVDs on my Amazon wish list (if I haven't already) so my family can see that I want them.  I hope you feel better soon!  Maybe it's just the weather.    Nan- ah, so you have Clorox legs too, huh?  Welcome to the club!  I gave up on tanning during HS when I realized that it just wasn't going to happen for me.  LOL about the sunglasses- yeah, I think I've heard that one before too.....  We've been docked at the same place for the last 4 years- the only moving we've done is from F dock to J dock- LOL.  It was docked in San Diego when we bought it and then my hubby, his son, & a hired hand brought it up but ran into trouble (long story, but suffice it to say that a mechanic working on it before they brought it up *really* messed it up- we filed a claim and were awarded & everything) just outside the Channel Islands, so they brought it into Santa Barbara for about 6 months where it was fixed.  We hired someone else to bring it up from there to San Rafael where we currently are.  We thought about moving to San Francisco, but Pier 39 can be obnoxious tourist-wise & sealion-wise.  We really like where we are- it's quiet and pretty much no problems with parking our cars.    Sherry- Glad you're getting a sunny day for a change! It's about time, huh?  Yeah, the rain tends to keep allergies down (unless of course you're allergic to mold, then you may have problems still....)  It's been sunny here as many days as you've had rain, and lately the wind's been blowing so I'm sure that doesn't help for me.  All in all though, we've had decent weather compared to those who are going through days & days of rain, tornadoes and such.    Leslie!  Yay- you're back!  Oh no- he's going to Puerto Rico for TWO MONTHS?? You poor gal!  I wish you luck with flying with the girls.  My first time flying I think I grabbed my dad's wrist the whole time- I believe he had nail imprints when we landed.  My sister just kept looking back at me from her seat and laughed at me.  Hopefully they'll think it's the best thing since the trampoline!  Sounds like a very nice pearl necklace! You go, girl!  That's some heinous thunderstorm!  I'm glad your neighbor is good.  You just *had* to mention Krispy Kremes!  LOL- that's ok though, thinking about them won't put on the pounds :-D  Wow- impressive sports history! I assume you're watching Wimbledon then?  Kevin's mom watches that every year (and all the other tournaments in between) and commented to us yesterday that she was getting up early to watch it today.       Lynne- Yep- Old is jsut a state of mind....my joke is that I feel like I'm around 27....have been for some time now- LOL!  I'm going to ask about the Zyrtec- that's the one that advertises that it works for indoor & outdoor allergies.  Poor Nicholas!  I have a friend who had to get tubes in her ears when she was really young- I haven't known anyone else getting those, but apparently they still do it.  I agree- there's got to be other things to try first.    Has anyone seen Rick today?  I set the VCR for 6-10 AM & then for 11-1 (to cover the 2nd Fox News Live & then Studio B).  I'm prolly a day late & a dollar short- LOL!   PU- nada so far. Jan?  I have one more trip today.  I'm thinking this week, but prolly midweek.  Anyone want to place any bets?  Just kidding!  Jan- it will be your turn to remind him next LOL!