Hello, ladies, I'm baa-ack! So much has happened, where to begin? Roy snuck in Thursday night with a bottle of award-winning Texas Merlot and a baroque pearl choker.  Hey, if it's not baroque, don't fix it. Sorry, I could have said something about "pearls before (s)wine", but I thought I'd ease you back into my twisted little world.  With the tokens of peace came the news that Roy's company got an $18.6Mn contract in Puerto Rico, and Roy's presence is required. For two months. Alone. Did I mention the pearls had a beautiful gold lobster-claw clasp? Anyway the job starts after hurricane season in late Sept. or Oct.  We could have gone, but I can't take the girls out of school for that long.  The bosses are sending us over for a week during Thanksgiving.  This is the first time the girls will travel by air.  It could get ugly.    Melissa - "catching up" is much better than "making up" because you don't have to deal with the negative feelings.  Every weekend's a honeymoon.    Friday we had the Thunderstorm from Hell.  150 cloud-to-ground lightening strikes PER MINUTE in a 3-county area.  Mrs. Blake, this adorable little old widow across the street, received a direct hit to her shed.  It was so weird, we were sitting in the living room and this brilliant blue-white light just filled the house and a simultaneous "explosion" shook the foundation. Neighbors from three blocks away were running to check on her, the ambulance was called because she's got a weak heart, she spent the weekend in Amarillo with her daughter, but all is well. The shed is a total loss, and I don't think her chickens will recover, but she's good.  Saturday, Roy told me to never hire someone to do the lawn because that was his favorite chore. He and Sarah spent the morning together mowing, weed whacking, etc. She was not going to let him out of her sight for a minute. Jay spent Friday ignoring him for punishment, but was all over it by Saturday's trip to Krispy Kreme.  Re: Sports.  I am a huge football fan, basketball, baseball, hockey, tennis, come in close.  I would rather watch Dan Rather, clad only in a Speedo, participate in a rousing game of curling than watch golf.  Love the Houston Texans, Roy did the FieldTurf in their practice stadium, and the Cajun in me won't let me give up on the Saints. I was a trainer for football and basketball during undergrad, and assistant Sports Information Director during grad school.  Our Dressed to Kill campaign for the National Champion Women's Div II volleyball team won national honors. That was the greatest college job ever.  Well, Shep's on so I'm off. Check in later.