Good morning everyone!  Hope everyone is having a good Monday. As if that's possible LOL.  My home computer crashed yesterday but fortunately, my oldest son (who just happens to be a senior in college and a computer science major) came home for the evening and took it back with him to fix it.  He said something about installing a new operating system (non-Windows based).  It's all greek to me - told him to just FIX IT!!!!  Didn't see much of TV yesterday, too nice of a day.  Spent time outside by the pool trying to get a little color on these Clorox white legs of mine.  My guys tell me they need to wear sunglasses around me when I have on shorts.  I did see the replay of Rick's story on Walter Duranty on Fox News Magazine last night.  Heard his voice mostly as he wasn't on camera much.  Did like the suit with the blue tie though.  Melissa - sorry you're not feeling well today - you need to come out to California and enjoy the beautiful sunshine.  You couldn't help but feel better.  a h  - ahhh no not the Chiefs, the dreaded rivals of my beloved Broncos (just kidding).  We are all Houston fans at our house because of David Carr.  Watched him play in college as we have season tickets to Fresno State. It nice to see a "nice guy" succeed.   I too saw Tony Snow dancing around yesterday, that was hilarious.  Denise - My husband was a fire fighter when I married him - there is definitely something about a man in uniform, especially someone willing to risk life and limb for the sake of others.  I think that's why the events of September 11th affected me so deeply, I could visualize my husband running into the Towers thinking only of saving lives and no thought of his own self-preservation.  Nat - hope your sinuses are better today.  It must be an adventure living on a sailboat.  Do you just stay in one port or do you travel from port to port?  Can't wait until lunch - Studio B will be on and I can get my Shep fix for the afternoon.   It's been a long weekend without him.  Hope the other Shep fans on this board don't mind sharing.  I better get some work done, so talk with you later!!!