Jan- I think we're prolly in the same age group- I graduated in 86.  Sheesh that seems like a long time ago, but subscribe to your thought- "I may bet old, but I'll never grow up".  Every once in awhile I'll pull out some of that "old" stuff and & listen to it- LOL.  Usually doesn't last long though- I also like classic rock & some current stuff- depends.  I guess I go through phases, but I also have a wide range of likes when it comes to music too.  LOL- my mom used to be an avid Cubs fan- she really liked the pitcher (Eckersley I think??) Yes- definitely good luck to us today!!  I'm heading over there (to the PO) around 10:00 and again around 2:30.  X  X  (fingers crossed).  Sorry your sinuses are bothering you too!  : (  I hope you're better too!  It's the dang wind that's been around here for the last couple of weeks that's doing it for me.  Sneaky Pete- I love that name! :D  Cats sometimes have a way of turning non-cat people into cat people.      a h- I saw the Tony Snow thing- that was great, huh!  I think Tony or someone said before that he (Tony) plays flute.  LOL- the image that came to mind was Tony being like the guy (the name escapes me at the moment) from Jethro Tull who plays the flute.    Denise- We saw the same thing I think- which was really funny.  When the war started, I began to set the timer on the TV so I could fall asleep while watching Fox.  Well, old habits die hard for me so I still set it, and had just set it and turned over to go to sleep when I heard John Gibson say the "Here's Rick Leventhal...." So, here I am, back to the TV facing my hubby in bed, eyes closed, trying to not react to hearing that & his voice.   While he's in the middle of the report I casually turn over and open one eye to watch the rest- LOL  I'd seen this report before- I think it was on last week.....but I don't remember when or at what time.    Melissa- I'm anxious now to get the book (and I haven't even read the first four....lol)!  I do know what you mean about relating to a book- it just makes it more personal in a way- it's like you match mentally/emotionally with the character and know where they're coming from- kinda wistful in a way, I guess.  LOL- no offense taken about the Raiders- I only root for them when all my other teams are exhausted from the playoffs-lol!  I can't *stand* that Romanowski guy- I didn't like him when he was with the Broncos & he spit at one of the 49rs (I think it was a 49-er anyway)- this was back in 97 or 98 I think- I just remember that he seemed like a real creep.    Leslie- Hope you come back today!  I know you had to catch up with the hubby & stuff- but we miss your wicked wit here! :D  Really though, I hope you got to spend some quality family time while he was back.    OK- gotta dig in to a great heap of.......WORK!  LOL  I wish it was something better.......