damn damn damn! I come here to post and catch up, and what happens?? I MISS Rick's report!!! Well, I'm back everyone. (incase you haven't already noticed) LOL! Well, actually I souldn't be man 'cause I haven't watched FOX at all today *gasps*! Oh goodness, where to start? Yesterday we had a birtday party for my brother and my grandma, and celebrated fathers day with the family. (We do this every year.) Anyway it was pretty fun. I got browines, and chocolate cake, and ice cream, and lots more *bad* stuff, but it's ok 'cause it was my cheat day. :) My great grandma had TWO bottles of Shmirnoff (sp?) and she was being a chatty cat yesterday. I mean this is a woman who's over 80, and probably weighs no more than 80 pounds!  Denise - Oh wow, I'm sure the view was lovely this afternoon, firefighters are a sight to behold!  I *should* e-mail Rick about the Harry Potter book, but since he seemed to thoroughly NOT enjoy his story last week, I think I'll keep it to myself. LOL! Speaking of the book...........I'M ADDICTED! I'm like 200 pages into it already! (and OMG it's a friggin 800+ page book!) Ugh! It's sad, I'm a 20 year old woman addicted to a children's book. But it's even more sad because I realate so much to how J.K. writes Harry. I mean, I was *SO MUCH* like him (feelings/emotions wise) when I was 13/14/15. I hate it (but yet love it) when I can relate to a book so much. I mean there are times I'm reading the book and just KNOWING how she's gonna make the character respond, it's really eerie sometimes. I get that way with books. I know I call a lot of my reading *guilty pleasure* reading, but I'll only stick with a book if I can truly relate to it. And I hate days like today where I'll be reading all day, and time will cease to exist, and it's all cloudy out and my real emotions start being affected by a book. It's so silly. But I'll have to put a book down and just remind myself that it's just a story (yes even with *extreme* stories like Harry Potter.) UGH! ok sorry, I've been rambling too long, on to new topics.  I LOVE football too! My parents have season ticket to the Chiefs. They are my favorite team and when I get to go to a game (usally once or twice a season) I have such a BLAST! I love my Royals, and am VERY proud of them this year, they're doing pretty good this year. We live like 10 minutes away from the stadiums, so when fireworks go off we can hear them. My hometown teams are so fun, and the only team I DESPISE is the Raiders (sorry to any fans here, but ugh!)  I have a cat, and she only makes that awful noise if she sees another cat outside, or accidently gets caught in the rain, or is really hungry. She quit sleeping on my bed 'cause I get pissed and kick her off, she only slept by my head once, and I don't think she liked the reaction and never did it again. LOL I just shut my bedroom door now, so she sleeps on the couch or in her kitty bed in the basement.  I instructed Jen to call me Wensday if she's up to it. I'll prolly be at the Warped Tour concert Tuesday, besides she'll probably need her rest.  Leslie, I hope you're having a GREAT weekend "catching up" with your hubby :P *wondering if it's as much fun as "making up" is?* LOL that's probably none of my business!  Natalie - sorry to hear about your sinuses, my dad has been feeling really crappy from all his allergies lately. I *hear* ya about the good food week, I have to give myeslf the pep talk tomorrow since I spluged so bad this weekend.  Well, I'm off to emearse myself into my book again, I prolly won't get any decent sleep tonight, either that or I'll wake up with a puddle of drool on one of the pages. LOL