Leslie - Disney movies on NyQuil??LOL   Like the Adamaniacs name, but I think he deserves something little more revered than a cup for his "family jewels".  I think a chalice might be more fitting.  Jan can customize it with precious stones befitting his status as a Fox Hottie and maybe future Governor of CA.  I can't remember the name of the "pill", but I think I still have that episode on tape, so I'll check this weekend for more information.  It was probably Jayel's Baghdad spies (they have now relocated to Tikrit)  that slipped Greg P the valium.  It was to slow his reflexes so that Greg Kelly gets to the Saddam story first.   Hope you survived the picnic because I need you to unholster your "stun gun" and use it to "convince" the CA Democrats to join their comrades from Texas in New Mexico.  We're desperate, the Terminator has refused to incinerate them so,  "Princess Leslie, you're our only hope".    Jayel - Here, here to your most dreaded words.  I'm so looking forward to tomorrow, but Shep's probably taking tomorrow off.  And where has Jane been lately anyway.  Can't remember if she was on even once this week.  I really like the banter between her and Shep.    Nat - My "stress episode" was only momentary.  The CPA I contract with is usually pretty good about not putting too much pressure on me.  We've worked together for almost 16 years and he treats me well.  It's just I have an overdeveloped sense of responsibilty, add in being a perfectionist, and you have a combustible cocktail.  One of the reason this blog is such a blessing.  A place to rant, share and most important, laugh.  New small rant, hubby's monthly base salary has now been reduced by $200.  A "raise" he got a few years ago that the state was to pay more of his retirement contribution was rescinded and now he has to make the "contribution".  We are now seriously discussing him retiring in 2006 and leaving CA.  He favoring NV, but I'm not sure I want to live where it's THAT hot.   Melissa - Sometimes Hannity can be a real chauvinist.  Living in a house with all males (even the dog) I'm used to them and can spot their kind in an instant.  Can't let 'em get to you, they know not what they say.  LOL.  They're just sensitivity challenged.    Jen - Joining your happy dance here!!!  18 days and counting!!! Yea!  Greg's haircut looks good, he looks very "marine-ish". In other words, he's a manly man.  debe debe that's all folks.  btw - I download AIM, screen name:  nanrapp