         Posted in Kenzie's BLog about five minutes prior:  Hiya Kenzie, guess what fucking happened....  First, this is the new secret   BLog . Tin Haven got deleted by Leigh Anne, and you'll see why in the rest of this post. Second of all, some shit happened. My friends had my cell at that DI meeting, Leigh Anne called and kept calling. At one point, I went to the bathroom, they said something  really  horrible to her, she started crying.   I think she hates me now...after everything, after I ALMOST fucking had it.  "I love you" she said last night. I was able to make her laugh for hours, I was able to do it all. I was perfect. And now this shit, and Leigh Anne's taking it out on me for shit they said.   It  amazes  me how pathetic my luck is. I just really want to take everyone I've met this year, all my friends and everything, and scream at them til I lose my voice, sleep it off, and do it all over again until I choke on blood and die. I really cannot believe how much my friends want me to die, thinking they're doing the "good deed" for me by ruining things with Leigh Anne. She's hurt me a lot, but these things are in the past, gone forever, I can forget about that weakness I had, I can forget the depression, but somehow the scars it created seem to come back and haunt me, the scars surface and they never forget how I treated people when  I  was in darkness.  Somehow it's fine for Leigh Anne to take everything out on me, when I have a bad day. If something bad happens to her, like she said, "If you knew what happened to me today you'd know that I really don't need this (being cussed out/whatever happened by Lindsey and Rosie at the meeting)", then NOTHING ELSE bad can happen. Even if it's not me but my friends. I'm supposed to take responsibility for my actions, like it's all my goddammed fault. Why is that, Kenzie? Why is it that she can only see the bad in me when we're not together, and she only sees the good when she's at her worst, and I'm at my best.  At some point, her and Lily put down the phone. I've been sitting here, waiting, listening to the silence, for the past hour and fifteen minutes for someone to pick up, because I want to sort this out and get on with it.  I FUCKING CANNOT BELIEVE MY LUCK. I CANNOT. GODDAMN.  Will something please turn out right and stay that way, please? Give me just one grant God, universe, nature, any-fucking-one, listen to my soul screaming and give me this.  The time for sadness is over.  And anger is in season.