         Heheh, YES it feels better ANUS.  So now, perhaps I should like...lay out what I do on this site most of the time. If I'm not just talking about random stuff, I'm whining about something, read some of these posts, they got me in BIG trouble. Heh, well, I wasn't expecting to get caught. O well.........the past is the past.  Well, now ye canst say what you wanted to Rosie, and all these people that read it, I'm not exactly sure how many, but I know a remote few. So that's about it. I pretty much use this to vent angst and post songs and kill a few minutes every once in a while, it's fun fun fun.   Sleep time. Well not really. Ok, I go up to my room every night and start reading and then I get tired...I don't  mean  to fall asleep when I close my eyes and put a pillow over my head, I just mean to sit there and think or something...but I end up falling asleep and missing certain persons' phone calls four times in a row. Not that there was a specific case as such...although there was, like, yesterday.  And um...let me think. If I ever say anything about the "dark marks" post, it's about one day when I was really depressed and made my first dark post on my old BLog that got deleted, about stuff that's happened that I overlooked at the time and was starting to see again, i.e. the effects on me from my parents getting divorced, ect. Then there was the weird Thanksgiving posts that were all happy cuz things starting working out, then there was the time around Christmas where I was getting depressed again, then the "letter" which you read, then the "is anything good" post, then  Poor Bastard , the CD made up of songs that deal with me and this website...that's about it, the biggest histoires.   And every once in a while after a few short posts I make a HUGE one like this, although it's never explaining anything like this, it's just me being a lonely old faggot (props to Kenzie for that one). "I want to die because (long list)", you get the idea. It's a great, bright, cheery place.  Eat  my  heart out?  That's all...oh yeah, and I end every post with a short word or phrase. It's tradition.  Sweet.