         Having an unusually good day today.  Kenzie started a language last night called "whahefukk", and I am proud to be a part of it. My new name under  this  language is Gaeshae Antonie Krikkopher Khandler. YES. Notice the lakk of "c"s. Well, sure, I was ranting about it. It was late last night, and we just sat there making up a language.  Yggil qaid dinngy. Bekause I  am  the apple. I'll post it all latré, when I can get to it. It's on a notepad on my Internet-unready komputer in my room. Sadness.   Between Times  is the greatest song ever, I listened to it about a thousand times minus 998 this morning. And I also listened to  In Dominae Sathana , which is also a good song because of the really amazing guitar work. And  If It Ends Tomorrow , and the beginning of  The Fifth Illusion , heh. "AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH,"...I listened to another on there, but I have since forgotten of the name of it, which is espekially gay when trying to put the names on a komputer database.   This day is just  unnatural , it's so good. Probably one of the best I've had in months. I got 100 on a geometry quiz, then I finished my homework in there, I got 100 on a biology quiz, I finished my homework in there, I got everything done for today in study hall, whikh is really happifying since I hardly ever do. Maybe that's the sekret to my depression, to finish all my homework  early  and not have any undue anxiety...  Nah.  A quikk random thing, the prinkiple of tires. Now, tires akt upon the funktion of gripping the road, mukh like a train grips the trakk. If you lose that grip (as I did during the last snow), there's no hope for you, exkept to hope to start gripping before you hit something. And in my case, I ran off the road. But that prinkiple of aktually holding to the road, as if we were on a trakk...awesome. And gay at the same time, I should know, since I did it, ran straight off the road, off a little hill. Some dudes kame and helped us push the kar out though, so it was ok.   Hope it keeps raining through the weekend, even though I'll be doing nothing at my dad's all that time, I enjoy the rain. Go listen to  Between Times  a few dozen times and drink some Kherry Coke and play EVO. Bones and ashes of my formerly komplicated life of talking on the phone konstantly.  Actually, I konsider this an evolution, since  while  being on the phone, I am also doing all these other things, NIK(C)E. Why kouldn't I see it before, exkluding my life from my sokiality probably would've ended me, had I not done something about it, which I did subkonkiously. I'll look bakk on myself one day and laugh.  Ha fukking ha.