         Allo kompatriots.   Another kool language is German, for the word  Oktoberfest , just because of that "k". I love "k"s, it's the greatest letter. I think I'm going to start replaking all my "c"s with them. So if you see a "k" where a "c" should be, you'll know.  This is quite a kondeskenkion (that's a hard one) of the English language, but I feel it kompletely within my kontrol to manipulate this konfusing yet komprehensive tongue as I see fit, so there.  Actually, the "k" is a lot kooler  within  the word...I would show you the thing, it was on the   Rotting Khrist website  but not anymore...but there's still kool stuff to see, like some of the tour spots: THESSALONIKH, YDROGEIOS, don't know exaktly where they are or whikh is the equivalent of a kounty or whatever, but there they are. The kommon "yd/ygg" tekhnique is pretty kool too, as in "yggdrasil".  Wait a sek...what the hell am I doing...talking about "k"s and other funé stuff. It's time for the depressing part. And surprisingly, it's not on my part.  Really, you know who you are, just remember I'll be here all night, and I'm pretty mukh awake all that time...I know some other parties will be upset, but...gods...sakrifikes have to be made, I guess. Wonder where my loyalties will lie...it doesn't matter...to whom it may konkern, if you need any help, you know the number.  My dad doesn't have internet or a fukking  phone  anymore, it's SO gay. But I'm going over there anyway. Youse guys know my k(c)ell and whatnaught. I'd hate to push another number on you, I know you have about a thousand of mine as is. Sorry my family sukks.  I have a new favourite song (did you like that extra "u"? I'm overhauling my entire language), what a surprise. This time it's Rotting Khrist's  Between Times . It aktually goes on my beautiful songs list...can you believe it, just the beginning, it's so deep and weird sounding that it kan be klassified as such. It's like  Khronos  (natural "k"!), it makes me feel weird...it's just that  Between Times  actually sounds nice.   I ordered  Khronos  the other day, by the way. I wanted  A Dead Poem , but my dad was ordering off of    half.com , and   half.com  didn't have  any  kopies of their  most famous album ...I guess it's kuz they're so rare as is that the most known one goes fast...uh, yeah, that was rokket skienke. O well, for the less analytikal.  That reminds me, Russian has a lot of "k"s.   Ok, that's enough. I swear, I kan't be serious when I'm dong a komplete vokabularian overhaul. Aren't I weird?  Yes.