         Never mind that last post. I got the answer, albeit vague. Although I don't think that has  anything  to do with the general outcome of this situation.  Time to make a quick long post. The talent show is coming up on the twenty-first, as if I haven't made mention of it about a thousand times already. Tryouts are on Monday...with, quite possibly, the biggest cramming session in music we've ever had this weekend. Especially Friday, I'm going to see if I can somehow get out of it Saturday and go to my dad's...he was sort of upset last night when I told him I might be staying here for the weekend. It's terrible to have to be so torn over one weekend's decision, when after this I have all of my weekends freed. Now to decide where my loyalties lie...over a Coke, perhaps? Definitely.  And I still haven't had any sleep all week. It's because of the dreams, not horrifying to any degree, just constant dreaming every single night. Perhaps inhibited by the phone? For the past few nights, since Sunday, in fact, my nights have been plagued with these dancing apparitions, and every time I remember waking up and thinking about them, but soon falling back asleep and forgetting their purpose entirely. At first I thought it was the Cokes, drinking them and going to sleep straight away afterwards, but since I have come to find, as of last night, that they are simply there, perhaps thoughts waiting to be dissembled in my head, perhaps days waiting to be repeated. It's been a long time since I've been off of the phone this long...about six or so months. In fact, I slept just fine when it was with me, and now, sans plastic wedged in my ear, one would think  au contraire , but I suppose now.  And I'm already having an allergic reaction to this new acne medicine I'm on. It's a supposedly "less stomach irritants" form of the other pill, Minocycline, but this new stuff, Doryx, is causing even worse pain than the Minocycline, and I'm even eating something substantial with this pill, like I was supposed to and didn't on Mino. Even when I was on Mino and ate, it still got to me, which is why they, extremely quickly, cancelled my perscription.   It looks like a hell of a week.  Let's hope it stays that way and doesn't become hell on earth.