         Brittany posted today. Someone stop time for me to cry an ocean of joyous tears.  Well, even with an incomplete set and a song still 20 seconds overtime,  Stranglebox  is going to try out for the talent show. That would be myself, Alex Blonder, and the unassuming Tyler Schaub, who has no idea that he's in yet. Hahah. We're doing  the  practice this weekend, lasting from Friday to the end of Saturday, taking the Playstation 2 out of the practice room and locking the door, taking five minutes for a break every hour. And if all goes to plan, that should be a good twelve hours at least. I hope we don't crack under the pressure. We have to teach Tyler the part before Friday, and somehow cut 20 more seconds before the tryouts. Monday, Monday, Monday.  Today was the  day  of days. Mostly, it started in fifth when I was getting beaten up everywhere, the world was a flurry of blows and shouts of tumultuous laughter. It ended when I fell back into a wall and ripped one of Mr. Adams's posters a bit, with many a witness. Before this, there was a test in the class which I am nearly positive that I did horribly on, plus the fact that I didn't do the homework, sacrificing that for the last few months of lost sleep. But that was the start of it. After this came sixth period, where I found a bit too late of a quiz in the class, but knew for the most part. Moreover, I was becoming tired, and now I have forgotten most of what was said, a summary of a quiz for tomorrow's sixth period.  In seventh, we had yet  another  quiz I did not study for, only failing to pull an answer for two, one of which was left blank, the other, a drastic, last minute guess, and both answers of which I was unable to find in the book. Then I remember the book test on this book, which is  Monday , same as the talent show tryouts, and a report on plants  Tuesday , both of which I have failed to start on. And here I am making a BLog post, and after this, I'm going to bed. Surprise that my laziness statistic is going through the roof.  Then, I got to my lessons, where I was waiting outside for the wrong class, I had switched the times of the two and forgotten, much to my chagrin. So I got a shortened lesson on both of them, and did horribly on both of them. But somehow, not in an entirely terrible mood. It was, environmentally, a bad day. My skin jacket, affected, the box called soul, not. A wonderful day, in that respect.  I know tomorrow will be better, the days after always are. That was one out of the past four. And I always get one out of every week as a "bad day", at least one. Plus, I've been wishing on the clock for the past four days at 11:11 for good luck, and although it never does anything, I can always run into some unsuspectingly good luck and attribute it to this clock wishing.  And no philosophic posts tonight, at least for now.  I  know  you're all  so  depressed.