         Damned be this school.  Here this morning they build us up by telling us we're going to see the play during school; that got shot down as the announcements came on, telling us  au contraire  straight off. That wasn't very nice. It was probably some idiot kid's rumor though. "Nothing gold can last," so is said, and honestly, it's not as if it really matters. Sans de school is always nice, but if we have to put up with it, it's no big deal, considering this is the home stretch before spring break. And that will be  wonderful . And it will also be  one-thousand years . Massive crying on my part.  Still didn't go shopping. Surprise! Why would I? I had a ton to do this week. Going to my dad's isn't typically a great feat, however, and considering this was the last week I'll have the chance for the next three weeks or so, his house had to take the perogative. Although we locked horns this weekend over pointless matters, of which I came out the better, I'm afraid. It feels pretty lame winning a fight that nets you nothing, so I've found.  But it was a great weekend, and a great week. I didn't go to school Wednesday, I stayed the night at my mom's Friday and ended up waking in a stupor, I went to my dad's and basically ran around outside for the balance of the weekend, I kicked  ASS  at Unreal Tournament 2003. And then last night I wanted to crush some cans outside, just to have something to do, and the resident rug mounkeys, also known as my neighbors under the age of twelve who talk of adult matters (for instance, the words "sex" or "condom") with guarded words and sly grins, came over and helped out, whereafter they tried wrestling me to the ground and I  defeated  them utterly. It was a rout and a half. It was also yesterday that I listened to a CD in its entirety without stopping once. Even as the phone rang, and knowing it was for my sister, I left the room and closed the door, handled the call as fast as I possibly could, jumped back into the room and sprang onto my place on the bed, the side I never sit on, where I have found the wind blows the most. Tapping my foot to such songs as  Ten Miles High ,  Full Colour Is The Night ,  Nighttime Birds ,  The Millenium King ,  Shadegrown , yes, all those satanistic, wonderful and enlightening bands.   And today, going to a movie avec Lily and Zoe, the latter of whom I have never met, so woohoo! It actually doesn't bother me as to what we see, it's just nice to get out and do something. Ok, so it blows my allowance to hell, so no AudBLogging or CDs for me, but I suppose this is what my allowance was supposed to go towards anyway. In case Lily is reading this:   AFTER   2:30, or I won't get the call / I'll get screwed over by my teachers, and  that  won't happen since I put it on "Silent". So worst case is I miss it by three seconds and call you back thereafter. Talk to you then.  Thou art blind, be the law art thou as pride.