         Hello everyone.  It seems like its been a year since I posted on here, hasn't it? I thought I had lucked out when I got to Destin, there was an Internet café down the street from our resort; however, it turns out it was closing the very week we got there, and by the end of the week, the place was ransacked and empty. I've been trying to retain all I wanted to say in this post all week, and I hope I get it all.  Stories...there are too many to start or end with: I saw a billion billion things there, and I could never tell them all. I can tell you I was stung by a sea wasp on the side and around most of my left ankle with a jellyfish tentacle, I was burnt on more than fifty percent of my body over the course of the seven days on that stinging sand under that eventually blazing sun. The blue flag flew the whole time, and the water was amazingly cold, but stepping within was a wonderful sensation nonetheless. I walked  everywhere , five hours straight the first day...and that was where I suffered the first burn.   On one morning the flag was red, and I, alone, stood at the shoreline and watched the waves roll in and collide; it was nothing short of majestic, they smashed together underneath that threatening gray sky, the waves rolled  from  the shore and hit the oncoming waves, and the resulting pillar was feet high. They crashed and rolled again and again, and there I stood for an hour watching them and listening, stricken with awe but giving no more indication than a wide-eyed stare, and later that evening, I did the same with the sun quickly dying, and as the tide reached its highest the ferocity kicked itself up a definite notch, the waters became monsters, the leviathans roared and pulsed their malevolence upon the shores, and, in all reality, took out a dune a few blocks of beach away from our own.   There are a thousand things I could say now, but truly, it was just a trip to the beach. I can put an upside-down spin on this whole situation but it was eight hours in a car, a few days at a beach, and eight days back. The end result though: it was something else, at that beach.  Surreality permeates my brain, and somehow it is blissful.