         Chloe was almost lost today. SADNESS.  My mom came to my grandmother's, where I stay after school, and tells me that the guest of the house, good ol' Puss, was missing, perhaps slipped out of a small hole in the back screen door, when, of course, the storm door was opened. I was confident that she would come back, never thinking that she could be in the house. Well, as we come home, I walk'd up the stairs, calling for Chloe the whole time, and Katie happened to say, "Hey, Cloe". It turns out, she was sleeping behind the TV all afternoon and happened to poke a head out to say hello, whereafter she came out and went to play with Camille.  I have rediscovered Alice in Chains. I put in  Facelift  today since I'd wanted to hear  It Ain't Like That , and I ended up listening to the whole thing. WOW. It was really good, so I listened to it again whilst cutting the grass. As for the grass...  The motor stalled twice on the damn. The grass in the ditch is massively grown from the great rains of the winter, I suppose, and our prolong-ed wait in cutting it. The second time it stalled, it also decided that had too little gas to carry on, which was probably the focal reason for its stopping. So I'm left with a mostly cut yard, all except for the stretch in the ditch, which is the longest part. How ANNOYING! I'm a completionist, things have to be done or I don't feel right. When I pull out of the drive tomorrow to go to school I'll probably look over and have a schizoid episode followed by a heart attack.  Diablo II is a great game, I've come to find. I've been playing it a lot lately. Level 23 Druid, I need one more level before I have enough strength to wear Plate Mail. Heh, as if you all cared.  By the way, who called my cellphone on Monday around noon? Give me a call or something, I got your message and it sounded like "Lindsey" or "Lizzie", and I know it couldn't be Lindsey Reid because of the time, Lindsey, my sister's friend, because she doesn't have this number and she hates me, to top it all off, and I don't know any Lizzies...at least I guess I don't. And if it was someone else, I apologize, I just couldn't make it out. Someone is talking at the end, and they say something like "who the fuck..."...I forgot the rest, but it sounds an  awful lot  like me. I played it for Kenzie and she said, "Dude, it sounds just like you!". We went through the list of suspects and couldn't figure out who it was.  GOD, curiosity, such bliss and suffering, you have bagg-ed your cat.