         FUCKING BLOG. I was posting just now and the damn thing bombed on me and kilt my whole post. So let me try to remember what I was saying.  As a forenote: WOOHOO STICKERS I CANNOT WAIT TO SEE ZEM. And for the intro: Hiya people (and yes, this was the actual text of the first post, but that's about all I can remember).  It looks like Stranglebox is about to take off. We're hitting the studio tomorrow to record some new songs for the first EP, which once was called "Anorexia" and is now  Ignorance  (named after  someone  after a conversation Alex and I were having about it...that's the way most of these albums get named)... Dreamed ,  Somewhere ,  Guilty Conscience , and  Let Me Go . And in addition to  Broken Me , that's equal to five songs, which is the limit for a demo EP that some record guys have wanted. Interviews with record guys means  record contract .  Record contract  means   BONUS  !!!!!!! Finally, after all this time we just might nail that interview...and I had to write a whole new album for it......Christ, am I anal. But it was worth it...I can't see how we're even going to match this one, it's just too heavy....it's got elements of metal, and hiphop, and punk, and grunge, and alternative, and plain old fucking nuts, but the end result, even if you're not a fan of one of the aforementioned, is total ass-kickage. Where has this inspiration been all my life? How'd I ever think to incorporate hiphop into  MY  music, ME for god's sake, master advocate of  DOWN WITH FUCKING RAP . I blame Linkin Park, personally.  Tomorrow is the party for Will and I...and probably Becca. This is going to be FUCKED UP, team. Uhoh, I can see lots of problems there. But come what may......I need to learn to say that in another language, so it'll sound cooler.   Hope everyone's enjoying their CDs ('cept Rosie...I was up 'til one thirty making those CDs, and I woke up early to finish  YOURS  and test them all....thanks a lot....but Will has it now so it's all good), and be expecting the  Ignorance  EP soon enough....or LP, shit if I know these record terms.  Bedtime, starting early tomorrow. Eagh.