         Oh well...it won't really matter in a few more hours.  I had an awesome weekend...sorry for the optimism all, but it was great. First I went to the Renaissance festival on Saturday, which was totally cool, and then I went to a drivers' training course thing called "Driver's Edge", where they teach you to maneuver under extreme conditions :) Today was oversteering: basically, you spin your car out going as fast as you can, and then try to regain control. That was fun, we got to drive Camaros...god, those cars are bitchin'. Then, we went for antilock break testing and swerve control using a cone course and BMW 325is. I was the VERY FIRST PERSON TO GO. After the instructor showed us what to do (that is, gun it and hope the breaks work before you careen off into a ravine full of trees...no exaggeration at all, by the way, and grenading the breaks, then circling around and swerving to miss a wall of cones at top speed and mashing the breaks again...and then doing it a second time for good measure) I hopped out of the car screaming at the crowd to run away while they still could. Alex and a kid named Lonnie were in my car. They were just looking wide-eyed and the crowd was laughing at my yelling...I have no idea why the  hell  they would do that, I was  serious , I've never been so scared to pull a trick like that in my life. You think the Camaros are bad, and then...  So I got into the seat, and on the first run it's just to test if you can hit the breaks hard enough. I was good on the first one, though he made me wait a lot longer than anyone else to put them on. The swerving was fun. Then the second time, the narrow miss of the ravine. The only problem was,  I DIDN'T HIT THE BREAKS HARD ENOUGH . So he pulled the parking break and all was well. They said I was second place for the ABS Course trophy, and first for Best Screaming :) I got a T-shirt and a car maintenence kit. And it was all free too, care of manymanymany sponsorships, which were tattooed outside of a model monster truck sitting in the parking lot...this was all at the Opryland Hotel, by the way.  So there's my weekend, how about yours?