         It's cool. There'll be more on there later that have been remixed and sound better. She refused because "I didn't have her in mind when I made  Broken Me  as a single". I don't think of some people for the same reason I don't tend to give Julian any of my singles: all he'll do is sit there and whine about how horrible it is, how the vocals suck, how the production was crap, how I can't play, etc. It gets to a point where I sort of know what to expect, so I just back down from trying to get people to listen and like something I do since I already know what they're going to say.  TWO NEW SONGS! Of course,  Little Rhyme  has been done forever, but in my room on recording day I wrote the chorus; the words in the verses have never been changed, though. The other song is  Let Me Go (The Tip of My Tongue) ...this song is just violent. I wrote it last night and in about three hours when my dad decides to wake up, I'm going to go upstairs, lock myself in my room, and record it until I die, or finish. This is going to be hard, for what I have in mind.  But, as tradition, the lyrics:   Little Rhyme  by Stranglebox  Father father, where'd you go Calling out to no one Empty, sullen, all alone Mercy to my mission Brother brother, moaning low Living ruination Crying crying, time is slow Sleep in devastation  CHORUS So I pray you'll be alright Cuz all my other prayers have died And I hope you'll turn out right Cuz you've been otherwise denied Now I say my little rhyme Little comfort passing time And you had every right to lie And so for that I'll say goodbye  Mother mother, no one knows Just how deep this chasm Sunder, plunder, I did so I produced this spasm Sister sister, I'd forego Anything to save me Killed it, killed it, bloody clothes Falsity depraves me  CHORUS SOLO CHORUSx2  See, these songs aren't too complicated, and that's what makes them beautiful. Next one...this song was originally intended to be a "rhythm singing" song, and has existed in some form or another for a week or so now, but it's turned into actual singing now, it's kind of eerie considering the rest of the song is screaming and such, and I mean  real  screaming this time, none of that  My Solution  sing-screaming stuff, full-out RC schtick.   Let Me Go (The Tip of My Tongue)  by Stranglebox  CHORUS Everything I see reminds me of you Every lie you paint a picture untrue Everything I've loved has bled me right through And no matter what I do you just won't (let me go) The cap on the jar of my pain is unscrewed Now there's nothing left in me I could do I used to be the one but I'm split in two And no matter what I do you just won't (let me go)  Condescention, never mention Everything left is lies and pretentions What I was and what I will be Doesn't really matter cuz it never was me I Sit back and wear the mask And never really take my turn When it comes to the fact I'm loathe to react Just wanna sit back and watch it burn  CHORUS  Verbal violence, that or silence Negative sentiment that day and since Used t be the bleeder and I took the whip But I found the gun so I shoot from the hip I Take out the time to crawl back inside And hide within myself Tiptoe on the faultline before it snaps And opens straight to my little hell  CHORUS  You've got a long way You're still so young But I've grown beyond my years With many songs been sung I wait and never relate The everything I've done But even with your hand on my mouth I can shout Cuz I've got you And the words on the tip of my tongue  LET ME GO x 8  CHORUS  LET ME GO x4 GO x 5  Angry angry angry! Whee! The "still so young" part is the calm before the storm, and then we bust it out and kill someone with the LET ME GOs; the drums are going to get really fast and the guitar is going to bottom out and sound like shit, which is just what any little metal junkie is looking for. I can't wait much longer to put this thing down.