         Why thank you Will, and thank you everyone for your well wishes. It's been an amazing day.  The test....well, I waited about an hour, I got the forms, I sat for another two hours. Then they called me up. I took the vision test and got it perfect....20/40 perfect, that is. Then they gave me over to my supervisor, a one-armed man whose stump was incredibly versatile. It was amazing. But that's besides the point. He was really anal, and for that, I received two error marks...but that doesn't matter cuz it takes seven to fail. WOO, so I got it. It looks horrible, this new beige colour with yellow. But I got it, nonetheless. So I say to my mom:  "Mom, do you still have that check from Gran (pet name for my paternal grandmother) in your purse?" "Yep, sure do." "Ok, well let's go cash it." "Ok." "And then I'm going to go to Backyard Burgers." "Ok." "ALONE." "Oh...um, well...ok."  I went. I got the number one with tea, and I sat on the trunk of my car in the parking lot laughing to myself and be generally optimistic, answering any questions as to why I was so happy. Then I finished and went home with a CD blasting. I sat around, I went to the party at my grandmother's and got 90 bucks, which is  awful  considering I got 430 about six years ago. Dammit. And my grandmother gave me a little toy car and a keychain, "for when you get it, and there's something to wet your appetite with"...those a-holes. I got my cellphone back and FINALLY got to hear all of those messages, so if you called in the last five days I'll be getting back to you really soon...tomorrow. A few surprises actually. It's been a great day, just because of those messages. The fact that I got six was awesome, but some of the content therein was really nice, as well. I'm rambling.  That's awesome guys, I have a license and no tricked out ride to be mackin' my hoz with. Shiet biatch. I might get a car pretty soon, but I dunno. Even when I get it, I can't have people with me, says mother. But what she doesn't know can't kill her, right? At least for now when I don't have that problem.  Thanks again all.