         Like I said, you'll never find it.   Actually Z,  nothing  has happened. I don't even do anything on here anymore, I don't have anything to whine about, I put most of the band stuff on   Stranglebox ...mostly, everyone comes in and reminisces about how awesome Antiphilanthrophy used to be, and then they leave and do whatever. And yes, COLOUR! I got sick of the drabness and had to liven it up a bit.  Anyway, addressing the first line of this post...you'll never find it. I made it extremely difficult to near-impossible by not making it a public BLog. It's still out there, it just can't be searched for. And to find it, you would have to experiment with different website addresses. A worthless hint, I just wrote a new song and put it as the address of the website. And again, you'll never find it. HAHAHAHAHA. That was kind of the point though, so that I could finish it and then post it. I'm just not doing it here because of it's sheer size...and I don't want comments on the work in the making, because that would screw up most of the story line and I would be PISSED. Especially since this is taking a billion years to work out. There's mini-essays to sort through, lots of lyrics, conversations to remember, letters to re-read...mostly, lots of stuff to remember, sequence, and write down. It isn't incredibly hard, it just takes time to figure out which piece goes where...most of the year I took as a single strand of conciousness, and now I have to take that thread and unweave it into its most essential elements.  It should be done by the end of summer or so...ok, not that long. It'll take a long while, but I'll get a lot done this weekend...after the parté on Saturday of course, and it should be finished before you know it. A lot of it, all of you know already, since most of you star in it in some way or another. Basically, if you've read this site and TinHaven on a regular basis for the last two months or so, and I have open communication with you, you have a part in it somewhere. And then, there's stuff that's been in the BLog before and will be posted as part of the story again (i.e.: the "goodbye" letter, etc.). God, you're all going to love it and hate me for some things you never thought I knew but actually did know anyway. HATE, I can taste it already.  GUYS IT'S MY BIRTHDAY HAPPY B-DAY TO ME. Surprised that I made it this far. Pray for me on the driver's liscense test tomorrow, I'm more worried about the eye exam than the test, but it would be nice to have support nevertheless. When I pull up to your houses by myself in a car tomorrow, grinning my cheeks off, imagine the feeling of sheer joy and excitement you'd get from knowing that you well-wished to a good cause.  Propaganda is awesome.