         Guys, hi.  I haven't made a really good post in a long time, so I'm going to make a semi-post to make up for it.  Doing some heavy writing lately, what with Abby gone and all. I just shut the door and start writing as soon as I wake up, stop to eat every once in a while, maybe. I'm having a Jerry Cantrell moment, it feel wonderful. Plus, all the material sounds new...not the same tired riffs as before.  Interestingly enough, Jesus Christ-Jerry Cantrell-Josh Chandler...coincidence? Hardy har, I think not.   Today, I discovered that fat free milk lasts an incredibly long time. It's just incredible. Even the expiration date on the carton has another month or so to go before it's out.   O no...  My little neighbor friend that I've been hating lately, Bobby...threw a lit bottle rocket in my hair...vanished. The whole city's out looking for him now. His mom's going nuts, but he hasn't been gone very long. There's a little search party forming up outside. Altho...this is what the mother gets for getting drunk and letting him run off like that. Agh, I'm torn.  I miss Abby. She'll be back tomorrow. It's going to be the longest day ever.  But it's going to be awesome, my drum teacher is coming over tomorrow and he's going to perfect my studio, I'm going to put down s'more songs and read  Slaughterhouse Five  by Kurt Vonnegut Jr., which is one of the best books I've read in a long time, and I really can't figure out why. It doesn't tell a complete story, it keeps skipping around and going to the future and the past and the hypothetical. There's one part, a quotation from Goethe taken from another book, that is entirely in German and is not translated. And then the stuff about the aliens...the Tralfalmagans or whatever they're called. They're just odd. It's like...when a human tries to explain something far beyond their comprehension, they screw up a lot and don't make sense. That's what Kurt did with the aliens and their space time perception, but the way he says it...it's almost like he understands the more obtuse facets of time. It's so incredible, I could actually read this book again.  Harry Potter 5...so depressing? I can't wait to start talking about it...I can't because nobody around me has read it...there's only one copy here at the house, da has it right now and he's going slow. Linds, I've heard you've read it  twice ....ya geek, heheh just kiddin', and Rosie's read it. Other than that...cry. I'm being a Nazi about getting people to read it, so if you are, don't tell me or I'll go Gestapo on your ass.  Has Brittany been on here lately? I had a dream about her the other night, I hope it wasn't one of those prophecy ones tho...  Ok all, I'm done. BLogging is so fun.   I'm going to make some eggs now. Yay!