         Aw nothin'.  Hey lookit.  This is the transcript of the last commentary track on the CD.  I can email the booklet of lyrics and stuff now, or after I give you the CD...so everybody tell me when, it's quite large and essentially a bunch of words unless you have something to link it up with.  BUT...TRACK 13...ENTITLED "THAT'S ALL!"  13. That's all!  Guys, that's it! It's over! Listen...empty. It's over! That's all! THAT'S IT! Ok, one more. You know me, YOU KNOW ME, ok? You guys just know. 'K, enough of the crap, it's over...guys I hope you enjoyed the CD, that's STRANGLEBOX talkin' right there. I did everything but the drums, and sometimes...the drums. Just because...whatever, man. Anyway...this encompasses a lot of work, beginning August of last year, ending August this year. Uh, in total there's been in...I don't really don't know how many songs, they're everywhere. I would like to say about a hundred, of which I'm only keeping, y'kn...very very few. Uh, the music doesn't get written very quickly...nothing does, this band is very slow. Look, we only have a guitar player and a drummer, and the drummer's part time! So...that's about it. You guys know where I get the inspiration from...it's all y'all. That's right, you all are PISSING ME OFF. No, not really. I mean, you know, stuff. I just look at life, and like...life kicks me in the balls, I write about it. Um...it's so sad, so sad,  listen: FEEL THE VOID, FEEL IT. There's nothing left, there is...that's all. That's it, man. Whatever...whatever...m'kay it's over. 'K I'm done. But guys...it's been great. I hope you enjoyed the CD and my cutting in every once in a while...um...some tracks need names, kinda bad. But, whatever. I hope you guys enjoyed the CD, and I hope to talk to you soon. Check out our new album IGNORANCE coming out soon...many tracks, some not yet heard! Very good! Like PROBLEMS. Like PROBLEMS! SO LOW's on there, BROKEN ME's on there. [sharp inhale] Yeah! That's right! You like that song, doncha? Yeah! Yeah...it's probably not going to be on here because the current incarnation is very bad, and it sucks. So guys...thanks for supporting STRANGLEBOX, I'm Josh. I'm guitarist, I sing sometimes. Thanks for listening. Peace.