         Bonjour mes amis.  Well...I did it.  I beat LOTR (Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers)  ENTIRELY . WOOT!  It only took...what...a month? Damn. But tonight I just entered  I AM THE GREAT MASTER OF ELECTRONICS  mode and totally pwnsaured that damned game. It's got the best replay value ever. For instance...you get ratings on every level, and if your rating sucks, well...too bad, you can do a redo, but who wants to do that? So at the end of the game, it lets you play every mission over with every character, and you get to keep the new rating. And THEN, you get an assload of cheats, and they don't affect your score at all if you use them. AND THEN, you get a new, secret character, which you can rebeat all ze missions with. WHAT A GREAT CONCEPT.  So now that I've pwnsaured that game I'm really screwed. I have nothing to do.  Tomorrow I get to help my dad pick out a new car...used, but um...yah, whatever. Bankruptcy loans are really hard to get, kids, don't be an asshat and get into debt up to you eyeballs like that asspelunker did. So I'm gonna do that, whereafter I get to take my dad's car ANYWHERE, that's going to be badass.   But even still (and I've made this argument with everyone), even with all this new-found freedom of "having a license" and "driving a car solo" and "going places" "" is really overrated...there's not much to do, really. You can hang out with friends, sure. But they'll get tired of hangin' eventually, maybe, if you act like an asshat and get out of hand when it comes to hanging out. And then there's money, which is nice, if you have any...you would need a job for that, and if you have a job, well, you can't just laze around with the car all day.  You could go to parks and stuff...that's what I'm going to do, go to parks and stuff. Try to finish Rhetoric, work on some songs, hang out, get a tan, perhaps? Tired of being pasty. Go to the library, the main one in Nashville is BADASS. Perhaps, go explore cool little rundown places in Nashville...like Issac Litton High? That place looks SO screwed up. And I could do some hanging out with my Nashvegas villains, and I could drive to B-hizood, too. So hey, I just discovered that having a car is going to kick a lot more ass that I thought it would, and that I actually have developed some semblance of a life. W00T!  I am SO hungry. I haven't been eating too much lately, but when I do, I can't seem to get full. Been makin' chicken sammiches at three in the morn lately, which is really fun.  Speaking of, I'm doing a cookbook online of my wonderful recipes, which include  Chicken Sammich ,  Ham Sammich ,  Chocolate Milk , and  Water  as of now, complete with pictures, supply list, and full commentary! Working on chicken right now...I actually sound like I know what I'm doing, and that is just wrong when it comes to the kitchen. Ask my dearest Abby Mac, poor girl...subjected to my horrible, HORRIBLE chefing once...OH GOD. I still feel so bad. I knew I wasn't watching that grill and that I should be but...agh. I should start memorizing pizza numbers for when we have company. AGH.  I AM SO SORRY ABBY, I AM AN AWFUL COOK, AND THAT'S A TOTAL BLASPHEME TO YOUR BEING, BEING AS THOU ART ZE MASTER CHEF AND ALL.  Speaking of which, Abby says she is going to teach me to cook a dish with a name longer than two words...that really hurts my head. I can make "Chicken Sammich" (and I know I'm spelling "sandwich" wrong, by the way), not "Butterflied Whimsical Scallopini Du Jour With Defenestration of Prague In A Light Tartar Sauce". But hey...I trust she'll know what she's doing, and perhaps it'll rub off? Ok, too hopeful. There's not a force in this damned world that can crack my thick-foreheaded, retarded brain, not even the most wonderful girlfriend imaginable.  I developed my pics today. Apparently they don't develop "art" anymore. THAT'S RIGHT KIDS! They eliminated my inner-pocket shot entirely! I mean come ON. It was ART! They KILLED IT!   This is me yelling really loud:  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WHHHHHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY  I hate them I hate them I hate them.  But I feel accomplished cuz I beat LOTR so there. And some of the pics came out durned good, so I'm still stoked out of my mind. I have TWO, count'em, TWO pictures of ze Camillion (aka, Camille), my wonderful pusscat. And two of Abby, my wonderful girlfriend. And one of my black eye, and one of me at five in the morning. And one of Alex lighting a bottle rocket. And one of my hand holding a lit bottle rocket, poised to throw it at Alex, who is fleeing in the darkness in the background (that one went off in my hand, by the way...ouch). And several more of the cats and dogs, one of the inside of the piano, two or three of some writing on my hands. And I turned the cam on myself and randomly took a pic and it turned out really good. And my dad took a standing one of me, so I've got that. And I have some of my parents, and I have outside on my front porch, and I have one of a cool tree at the church.  I hope you're not reading all of that, but if you are, I really applaud you, because you are really bored, just like me.  I'm going to watch a movie about a gay drag bar now (The Birdcage). G'noight all.