         Hiya dudes et dudettes.  Something's wrong with my body. First, I was doing some moving for a friend of my dad's so my whole body is sore...understandable. I also sprained my wrist while trying to do creative football catches. Also understandable.  The thing I don't understand...one, my joints are killing me, it hurts to move anywhere, I always moan a lot when I do. I attributed this to growing pains or something until the burns started...at the same places, there's these burns that make the skin on those places feel like it's going to tear in half. It's not visible either...it's like it's under the skin. But it's definitely there.  So that's kind of disturbing.  But anyway...god am I sore. Not only moving, there was the failed Flying Squirrel dive, the failed Buttbuster on the diving board (I hit my legs  hard  on the board going under), the bad dive for the football...that was really funny tho. It was all good until I tried to jump backwards for one and landed on my hand. Ouch, but it feels loads better now, versus then. And there were countless bumps and scrapes with furniture trying to get it inside and down THOUSANDS of stairs...at least, that's what it felt like. And I burned some skin on my knuckle. It was the weirdest thing ever, I got my hand caught a bit between a car and a drawer I was carrying outside, and it seriously cooked the skin on my knuckle. It hurt like a bitch too. But then I had some kind of strawberry-flavoured Sobe and it took my mind off it it.  That strawberry Sobe stuff is really good, by the way. I know it's one of those "cool people" drinks but they're incredibly good.  I ran at 11:30 today...it seems that everyone lets their dogs free at night, and leave the gates open and stuff, so that the dogs can come out and socialize. Unfortunately, Nashville dogs in their East Nashville environment have become more bellicose than most dogs. These dogs are killers. So needless to say, today's run was a great cardiovascular workout, and the expression "don't look back" is incredibly applicable, to emotional situations and otherwise. Scruffy and I learned that lesson very well today, he as the teacher, of course. And if anybody is watching these dogs trying to gore me, they sit there and laugh. Nevermind the fact that I'm just a kid, one that tries to reason with these dogs before they devour a part of my hand. They laugh even harder when I use, in a very soothing voice, the words "puppy" and "good boy". This often amuses the dogs too, tho to a different degree, I might add.  I haven't slept since Friday, and here I am up again, high on coffee (really late dinner) and reading about Drunks With Guns and Tad. The underground grunge movement was amazing.  Until til next time kids. "Ah, the joys of bathing."