         Still depressed eh...  You know...the best advice I ever got while being depressed came from that self-help book. I don't know if this applies at all, or if you're willing to accept it, because I have no idea about this situation, but the majority of the book deals with being able to accept the fact that we can't change people, only that we can accept ourselves. And I don't know why, but the more I thought about it, the more sense it made until depression isn't really hard to deal with anymore. Well it depends on the dosage, and the time of day and how drunk I am. But whatever, I'd bet that book would help out a lot, if you'd like.  I was up until 4 this morning playing Snake 2 on my dad's cell and staring absently at the ceiling, listening to the storm outside, and beforehand, a series of booms that definitely weren't thunder because they kept answering each other, but sounding like it still. And of course, nobody else heard them. They weren't on the news. Fireworks, maybe? Those were some fireworks, just cuz of how fast they were going off. And considering that yesterday was...July 29 WOOT, what a festive day....  I was awake because I had become just physically addicted enough to NyQuil to become a tad impaired in the sleep department. And then I had to wake up at six to take my da to work. So blah, tons of morning [sic]ness. But I got over that fast enough, and we drove down Woodland Avenue to his office; I've never been that way before, but there's some awesome stuff on Woodland Ave. Like, awesome shops and stuff. It's awesome. So I'm hoping to get the car tomorrow and go check it out.    Casablanca  is SUCH a badass movie...but the ending! It sucks! RAGH! It's a freaking oldie, there's supposed to be only good endings on those suckers. WAAAAAAAAHHHH. That was me crying for the end of said movie. Dude, Humphrey Bogart is such a pimp. As stated on Linds's BLog, I am going to become him from now on. It is thus that you will see me about school walking around in Italian leisure wear, drinking lots of bourbon and smoking expensive cigarettes, and generally being a badass...and Abby's going to hate me, heheheh. But perhaps the suave charm of my being Humphrey will help her ignore the kinky haircut and alchoholic drool smell that follows me everywhere, and the possé and whatnot. Ok, I can't do it, so what. God knows I'm not charming. Nor can I afford a constant supply of bourbon and cigs, or be able to pay off all the teachers to allow me to intake such pleasures in their classrooms.   Well, I can always dream...  And kids, guess what...only two weeks 'til school starts. YIPPEE! I'm excited. Not really. My drum teacher had Mrs. Bayrd when he was in BHS...when I said I was taking AP US History, he asked the teacher...I didn't remember, he looks at me and says "Bayrd?"...I nodded, he gave me the "Shall I get the shells or do you have some in your pocket" look. So I'm excited, once again. Apparently he walked right the hell out of her classroom because he didn't like her. Hell yah JD. And that's what I'm probably going to do because, bygod, I intend to not work as much as possible this year and get by. Even tho I brought all this on my self. I don't care anymore, at all. I have lost every will to be better than anyone at anything, to stand out academically, to be renowned as smart.  I've lost it. And it feels wonderful.  I mean sure, I'll still go about respecting basic school rules and stuff. But past that, I don't care. Homework can go suck an egg. So can this dumb essay for that matter.   Wow, I'm going to fail, that's great.  Well...heheheh. There's a bit of work in store, I have a feeling that I'll be doing better this year, coming in with a lot less on my mind as last year. But I intend not to stress, and I encourage all of you to follow suit. Altho that's entirely wasted on Rosie but Lord knows I've tried.  Going to play some CS and clock out. Bon voyage, kids!