         School is wearying.  Another wasted srt. That Career Day was the most waste of time thing that I have ever been to. I signed up for Government/Social Services and Performing Arts/Arts.  Well the first one that I went to was the government. Or so I thought... It turns out that they had gotten and a policeman and a fireman to come to educate about two careers that I will go into when hell freezes over.  The only uplifting part is that the policeman whipped out his, I know what  you're thinking and your wrong, taser.  He turned it on briefly then tucked it back in it's holster. "I think we should liven thinks up a bit and ask the police officer to taser the fireman"-Michael.  Mercifully, that bit ended at the end of first session.  Little did I know the horrors that were waiting for me in the LGI Room.  At the time, I was relieved that we might actually learn something useful. After all, Performing Arts is sort of my thing.  So there we were, Carl Cote, Mark Yates. Then, to our horror, the women introduces herself as a "Landscapist." Naturally all three of us were like "WTF MATES?!" A general murmur of what the hell, this isn't art arose from the disquieted audience. Well she went on to explain that there was somewhat of a link between landscaping and art. I could sort of understand this, so I figured this must be the Art part of Performing Arts/Arts. We sat through her presentation politely, and eventually, it was time for the next speaker to come on. We figured that this would be a vocalist or some other sort of musician. We were dead wrong. I seem to recall her opening line as "I know that this clinic said performing arts, but I am going to stick to the regular art." Regular art?! HA! She was a fucking (excuse my language, but it is called for) interior designer. The crowd was shocked. A slow quiet came over the whole room as we realized that we were about to receize a 20 minute lecture on interior design. Luckily for us, we had Mark's digital camera and entertained ourselves by taking pictures of Carl's feet in various positions. Contact Mark Yates if you want copies. Don't get me wrong, we did try to leave, but my counselor decided at that moment to sell her soul to the devil and block our only exit. At the end, there was a time open for questions. The first was asked by Ghetto McGhettoson (name changed to protect the innocent). It was as follows: "What the hell? This isn't performing arts!  What instrument do ya'll play?" Then my demon-filled counselor made weak statements about the name saying bother performing arts and arts, and that they chose to focus on art. Art? Art my ass. Interior Designing does not cut it for a room full of people from the LC music department. My imp of a councelor ended up asking the vast majority of the questions. She is going to have to answer to the students, and it will not be a pretty site.  [Not a pretty site? Will it be webcast? --Michael]   Will I ever go willingly to another Career Day at LC? I think not. There will have to be some serious grade reduction to force me to go...  Anywho, on to Chicago. It was wonderful! We stayed at this nice hotel downtown called "Club Quarters." It had an awesome location, and everything was in walking distance. On Friday night, we went to the symphony and heard the Chamber Orchestra of Europe play "Midsummer's Night Dream" by Menddehlson, and quite a few selections from Bach. It was freaking awesome. At the beginning, their intonation was slightly off, but they really locked it in quickly and for the rest of the night. The applause at the end was humorous. The director, Andras Schiff, came back out like six times, and even had the symphony play an encore. Some of the members looked startled at the blast of applause even. Also, someone in the orchestra has the greatest name ever. "Nimrod."   On Saturday morning, we went to the Art Institute of Chicago to see the Rembrandt exhibit. It was good and everything, but it didn't really "touch me" as some would say. Not enough color, and too many faces. He seems like he was a really serious guy. I much prefer things like Van Gogh and Manet. After that, we drove home. I got to drive about 3/4 of the distance, which was great! Hurry for learners permits! Well, that about wraps up this post. Oh ya, I watched Blues Brothers recently, and my new explanation for everything I do is "We're on a mission from God" in that awesome Dan Akroyd Chicago accent. Oh by the way Erin, May is lusty? I didn't know that months had emotion and feelings!? Oh well, you learn something new everyday. Good Night! I sleep now!  -It is his love, it is his life, it is his fault he didn't lock the garage!