         Let's start off with this. Shut up Nathan. Caffeine's the only way to fly. It's my anti-real drug. And Tommy Schlamme was executive producer of The West Wing and Sports Night. And that is officially calling anyone named Thomas who I think I could beat up. A Thomas larger than me will remain Thomas.  I have to admit that the mini JournalCon thing was fun. Jonah "Fun Stuff" Comstock and Marten "Grizzly Bear" Dollenger came over. I was constantly distracted by Marten's disturbing mustache and medium long hair. I think I may either be the first to rise up and say it or absolutely wrong, but Marten really looks bad with long hair. Or maybe he just looks bad all the time. In my opinion, if you're going to look bad, then you might as well look bad with a low maintenance haircut. He asked on one occasion sometime between the time where Marten attacked me and the time(s) Jonah was being vaguely gay "Why am I so Goddamn Poor?" My response? "Too much money on haircare products." I often had an urge to beat him over the head with a frozen butter braid and drag his limp unconcious body to Great Clips. If you are opposed to this, don't make post about it. Just use the comment buttons that I created. For the Glark to Marten's Sars. Another allusion you don't understand, courtesy of Michael Christie.  Right now I'm listening to the credits music from Pirates of the Caribbean, the best [live action] movie of the summer. Disney actually threw in the live action comment in its DVD commercials. To distinguish it from their other best movie of the summer (and the most popular DVD of all time) Finding Nemo. Both of the movies were movies that the more I think about them, the more I like them.  Erin - You watch Joan of Arcadia? That's so cool! I love that show! Were you here when I used "Anticlimatic means you're against the weather" in a convorsation.  And speaking of which I have another one coming soon. I bandied around the idea of making Erin my mindless love-bot, but realized she would blow an artery if I actually did. Hopefully she will just find this hilarious and not hunt me down and kill me dead. As actors are wont to do.   By the way, I have made up my mind that my improv skills will vastly improve if I add various phrases to my preparation. To date I have added the following "They got eaten by monkeys" and "Get Out. Now."  That's all for now. If you had half as much fun reading this post than I had writing it, well I've had twice as much fun writing it than you have reading it. I'm Casey McCall, and you're watching Sports Night