         Erin - I insist on getting you a gift certificate, at least. I have Christmas/JournalCon gifts for everybody in mind already and will work on getting them purchased.  Lara - I'm sorry, I have to ask. What time is it in Johannesburg? 'Cause you must not know that Erin and I have buried the metaphorical hatchet.   Jonah - I'm Casey McCall and this is Dan Rydell and you're watching Sports Night on CSC so stick around.  Nathan - Aww... Nerds in love. Maybe you could propose to her. You would give her 'the one ring' as your wedding ring, then you would buy a spaceship and adopt blobby aliens of some kind and then get some pet tribbles.*  Marten - Sorry your thanksgiving sucked. Mine didn't. Read about it here at What Kind of Day Has It Been. Or not. Depending on whether I'm sitting in the office updating or watching a rerun of the pilot of Joan of Arcadia. Probably the latter.  Thomas - I think he died. Just my opinion. I heard his name at LC mentioned. They wanted him to come down to the dean's office for messages. Maybe his mom picked him up and they moved to Sri Lanka.  Sophia - Refrigerator Box? Cool.  Also regarding the webcomic comparison. I really don't know what you're talking about, so I'll put it in terms that I understand  Marten's omnipotence and wisdom qualify him as Jed Bartlet. Erin is the tall attractive press secretary CJ Cregg. I am the lovable, but still annoying Deputy chief of staff Josh Lyman. Jonah is Sam Seaborn, Deputy Communications Director, whereas Nathan is Toby Ziegler, Communications Director. Oh and Sophia is Donna, who is Josh's assistant. Lara is Mandy, who was a major player in the beginning but was never heard from again. Thomas is the aging chief of staff Leo McGarry.  Cut me out of the loop, will ya...  *This was meant to be something said to provoke laughter, otherwise known as a joke. Just don't want Erin to think I be dissin' Nathan.*  *This was also a joke, where I made a blatant attempt to state the obvious. Please don't hurt me.