         For those of you who don't know, I'm a section editor for the North Star, our newspaper.  I'm currently overbooked, working on two stories and a page.   Story 1: The Skinny on Wrestling.  Sarah, editor of our quarterly magazine MEOW, had the brilliant idea of taking the two least athletic people on staff, and making them participate in various sports for the magazine.  This eventually led to The Skinny.  In it's final incarnation, Colin Dugdale and I (the aforementioned least athletic people) attend a wrestling (this issue, anyway) practice and observe.  Afterward, we get together with the few of the guys, don the uniforms, and wrestle each other.  Pictures are taken and everyone laughs at us. (Fun gig, eh?)  We've watched the practice, we have to do the stuff and write the story Monday. Story 2: Regime makes (wins, loses, etc.) State.  The other girl in both North Star and Marching Band and I are splitting this story because we're the only two people on staff willing to attend the competition.  Because of the nature of it, we can't even do interviews until the end of Saturday, and we'll write the story on Monday. Page: I'm always responsible for designing the feature page, usually at least a two day proccess.  Because all the reporters with stories on the page got extensions, I haven't been able to start it.  Due: Monday.  So that's my Monday.  My Journalism class will be spent writing the Regime Story, SRT wrestling with Colin, and I'll stay after to design the page.  Or else I'll make the assistant features editor design the page by herself.  I hate having to give up the fun one, though.  The moral of this post:  Don't volunteer to do two stories in one weekend if you also have a page to design and the paper gets sent to press Tuesday! And Now Mtto4  Nathan:  AD&D? All over again? Why not?  Marten:  Where does the procrastinator quote come from?  Lara:  Actually, we have an electric bass in our marching band this year.  Alex Shumard - he's in the pit.  Sophia:  So there is no Matthew Broderick-Nathan Lane version?