         I am an instigator. I am a scrappy terrier that will chew your leg off if you look at me funny. That's why what I'm going to say is going to be more shocking than the last five minutes of a majorly-hyped Law and Order episode.  Sophia and Marten are being childish and need to bury the metaphorical hatchet.  You know Marten, you're the administrator of this blog and I respect that. However I think your indignation towards Sophia is covered in crap. Petualantly hiding away and editing posts isn't going to make this go away. Okay, Sophia may have offended a loyal reader. Big Deal. That's not nearly as bad as the time when I told Erin that my post may be so asinine she should "close [her] eyes and think of England, sweetie. It gets better" If you would have let this g, talked to her face to face, and I'm not just talking about the Ryan Hagan post, but rather the calling here bitchy, than this would have been a non story. But instead you openly attack her on the blog, which automatically put her on the defensive. Now Sophia's mad and you're mad and the rest of us are caught in the crossfire. But if you insist on starting things, than you better finish them completely, because if you just hide away than I will wait in the tall grass for you, Marten, because you are killing the blog.  I'm not saying that Marten was the only one wrong in this argument. I have once (spectacularly) gone off on someone and made mountains out of molehills. But Blatantly attacking a read with no reason given to this sudden outburst is just confusing and apparently unacceptable. If you are going to hate something you need to give a reason, because otherwise you look petty and small. And Believe me, I know petty and small. But you have to remember that I openly apologized and extended an olive branch once I realized that I was wrong and that my comments were offensive and petty. So If you don't stop being "bitchy" and apologize to both Ryan and Marten, than you are just as wrong as Marten is, and someday we may look back and realize that Compendium, what was a Utopian Shangri-La for hilarous intellectuals, failed because petty squabbling between the writers.  I may be hypocritical for saying this. I might me monumentally out of line. I am pretty sure I looked back five minutes ago and saw that line that you don't cross with an administrator fading away in the rear-view mirror. Marten, If you don't want to apologize, If you believe that you are absolutely right, than I accept that. But if you believe that you were wrong and are just afraid to swallow your pride and apologize, then God, Marten. I don't even want to know you