         Shoutout to Tim Dinger, who I think is a butthead, but he'll never find out because he's anti-blog. I have great Tim Dinger stories. Not to mention a really really funny one about Daniel Day. Remind me to tell you that one soon.  Now Nathan, I'm sure that Ioians and Ganymedians are also ungrateful and mean. Astronomy humor. Doesn't go over well with people.  The Europeans have always been mean. I've known that from the beginning of sixth-grade social studies. Europe has frequently been the enemy, just look at almost everyone of our wars has had a European enemy or been instigated by Europeans. Look at the Revolutionary War. Look at World War One. Look at Nazi Germany. Look at Russian History. (By the way, Nathan, I would highly recommend majoring in Russian History. Fascinating stuff. Even as late as 1917, Russian history has been turbulent and nebulous) Vietnam was started, indirectly by the French, British and Americans snubbing Ho Chi Minh at one of the summits after World War II. The British used Opium to get the Chinese high and take advantage of them. The Dutch did the same thing to Indians in order to acquire Manhattan Island in New York. Of course the Europeans are mean nasty and horrible. Even now most of them still are. While I have mixed views on the war in Iraq, I think that after saving French Ass in World War I and getting Germany back on it's feet after the calamitous forty-year period of War and death had to count for something. The British backing us proves that they are truely the best ally we have at this point.   I wonder how long a tangent I can go on before you all stop reading.   I think the Spanish Conquistador's behavior speaks for itself. They wiped out two advanced civilizations for gold. I think that was just greed for the point of greed. And look at Columbus. And I don't even want to bring up the fact that we gave them all Syphillis. The Swiss are probably the nicest people in the world at this point. Except for Heidi. She's a bitch.  That's my entire view of imperialization. And Nathan (last line "Especially Islam. If I were them, I'd be mad too.") I think you meant to say the Arabs who have gotten screwed over a great many times by the west. Although we had no business arming them in Afghanistan back in the eighties, then running away with our tail between our legs after Yeltsen took office. We should have worked with the Afghans, set up a government and then backed away. That (indirectly) led to Terrorist Attacks over the last ten years, including the Apartment Buildings in Riyadah, The American Embassies in Nairobi and Dar Es Salaam and the one that hit closest to home, the terrorist attacks on September 11th. Offtopic (even more than I am right now),   JONAH: Cornblog is a very stupid idea. Try something like "The Blogs of War". That will make sense after you read Julius Caesar. SOPHIA: Queen Mary? Cool. ERIN: I think I saw you this morning, but I may not have. How do you know in a school of 1,700? THOMAS: How's Columbo? LARA:ummm...Bye! I think this is it for me for a while. I'm tired and have quite a bit of work to do. I'll just leave you with this thought: "Fish Are Friends, Not Food."