         Live From Indianapolis, It's Friday Night!  I just want to say a few things. The first of which I'd like to say this. I'd certainly enjoy reading  The Complete Works of Erin Chandler . And that  Ewok  didn't look bad either. On this being an "LC Blog":Suck it up and deal, Nathan. You spent a good part of the car ride to Taj of India discussing people at LN I've never met. You want an LN Blog? Create your own. You can do that. You can create a blog just to discuss things at LN, but I will rise up an army and I will beat you. (I was paraphrasing Leo's speech on why A Proportional Response makes more sense than the disproportional response Bartlet suggested. Yes I'm just rambling here. Also I just realized that we have like eight of us here already (but only six who regularly post) But seriously that's a lot of bloggers, yo. I'm just making my point, and also using the phrase "Suck it" which I've always wanted to do. Also Nay on Flame War!  Also Jonah is totally hot!  Also speaking as a Republican, we really really need Dean or Sharpton in the White House. Not for their policies, but rather for the entertainment value. Also there needs to be a more charasmatic Republican candidate in 2008. I mean I'm talking Bartlet here.  Alright, Nay on syndication!  Also I'm introducing what, until I get bored of it, will be my new feature  GOOGLING MEMBERS OF THE BLOG!  I searched "Jonah Comstock" and there were four hits: The newspaper thing, the Indianapolis Children's Choir (Nathan was also there), Some random old thing and Corndog.  Now apparently from the Nathan hits, Our Nathan is the first "Nathan Comstock" to be born in...about one-hundred years. Seriously people.    The Nathan Comstock Timeline  1725: Nathan Comstock Born 1735: Nathan Comstock Born 1746: Nathan Comstock Born 1760: Nathan Comstock's daughter was born.  1776: Nathan Comstock Born 1786: Nathan Comstock Born 1802: Nathan Comstock Born 1806: Nathan Comstock Born 1809: Nathan Comstock was a Commissioner of the Poor in Palmyra, New York.  1816: Nathan Comstock built a cabin in Rockport, New York 1827: Nathan Comstock signed a petition having something to do with a highway in Michigan.  1862: Nathan Comstock Born  Nathan Comstock is: a Freshman Senator at Emory University, a High School Tennis Captain in Georgia, and a marathon runner in Michigan.  Thank you and Good Night!    2 links of 252 actually were Nathan Comstock. Funny, Huh?