         Yesterday was the most amazing day in the history of life in my house. I should have my own journal just so that I could write about it, but instead I'll write about it here.  It all began on Friday. Actually it began a few weeks ago when my grandmother brought over several pairs of underwear that were to big for her and thought that my mom might want them. She didn't. Fast-forward to Friday. Not having learned a single blessed thing and greatly overestimating my ass, Grandma brought over a pair of her underwear that were too small, thinking that I might want them. I don't. But my brother saw them and started teasing me about possibly keeping them. So, while he was in the shower, my mom prompted me to put them in his bed. I did so.  The next day at lunch, I asked if he had found them. Mom said yes, and he had put them on her head. He said that he'd found them at the foot of his bed. Mom told him that during the night they had been in his bed. "You slept with Grandma's underwear," she said. He immediately began to plot revenge.  That night, my mom discovered that all of her underpants were gone. Really gone. And in their place was an opera-ghost-like note declaring that there was no point in asking where they had gone, for revenge had begun so beware, etc.   Conveniently, my brother was in the shower again. He wouldn't say where the underwear had gone. While I combed the house, my mom turned on hot water in all the faucets hoping to give him a very cold shower. When she realized this would take too long, she filled a cup with ice cold water and poured it into the shower and onto the little miscreant's head. Still, he would not speak. So mom took all the towels out of the bathroom.  A moment later she realized that his pajamas were still in there, but by then he had locked the door. At first she tried to pick the lock with a bobby pin, but then we broke out the heavy machinery and removed the doorknob.   For some reason this didn't work, and by now the boy was out of the shower. Still no sign of the underwear. That was when he informed me that I hadn't even found out what revenge he had wreaked on me yet. I went into my room to discover what he had done.  The worst thing possible was that he had messed with my notebooks or folders or papers that are scattered about my room. He didn't do that. But he did do the second worst thing. He took my teddy bear. If you've ever been in my room, which none of you have, you'll know that I have several stuffed animals. But there is only one that matters. He is the definitive childhood teddy bear. And he was gone. I looked through the house again, but he was nowhere to be found.    About fifteen minutes passed. My mom couldn't get the knob back on the door until my brother unlocked it. He couldn't unlock it until the doorknob was back on. So, finally, he held his side of the knob in place while mom replaced her end and he unlocked the door. Then he went to hide behind the shower curtain because he was still naked. Bad move. And he still wouldn't reveal the location of the stolen things. Worse move. We took his pajamas.  Altogether, I would say that my brother was in the bathroom for about two hours last night. After his pajamas were gone, he refused to come out. We said we would give his pajamas back when he told us where our stuff was. He said he would tell us where our stuff was when he had his pajamas back. It was a standoff.   For me, it had stopped being so much fun when Teddy went missing. I suspect that my brother wouldn't hesitate to destroy the bear if he was upset enough. My mother gave up and we into her room to watch TV, waiting for him to streak across the hall. I sat in the hall and watched the door menacingly, preparing to shoot him when he emerged like I was Natalie Portman and he was a Yankee soldier threatening the safety of the World's Largest Baby.   After awhile I realized this was impossible because I had no rifle, so I went into his room again to search. This time I was successful. He had put my poor bear into his bass drum. He had played his damn drum set while poor Teddy was inside! I dismantled the front of the drum and rescued my teddy bear. Mom's underwear was still missing. Mom told me to leave the front of the drum dismantled.   After a few more minutes, Mom gave my brother his pajamas and told him to give her her underwear and he was grounded. When he realized she was serious, he did has he was told. It had been locked in a trunk in his closet.  And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the most exciting thing that has happened in my  house since I have lived there.  (Wow. Just like Sassy.)  Everybody, the Oscars are tonight, and if Renee Zellweger doesn't win, I want notes of consolation from all of you.    Tammy's testicle ad may compromise our ability to win this task.