         It's 10:06 and I have to be at school at 6:30 tomorrow morning, but for the love of the blog, I'm posting anyway!  Let this be an example to you all.  Anyway... Match up time.  The monkey was eliminated after it starved to death out of fear of eating the wrong bananas.  Patrick Moore tried to use his Xylophone skills to make the dancing Martians attack, but they were to caught up watching Lardman dance.  Meanwhile, the snake bit Patrick, the badgers out-danced Lardman and shamed him out of the cage, and the mushrooms ate the aliens.  This seemed like a shoe-in for the badger-mushroom-snake team, but the wrong bananas themselves came out of nowhere and defeated them, which goes to show you that you can't underestimate a banana (a recurring theme in my work, as  Corndog  readers can testify to.  Next match-up:  A single game of the original Pong between Steven Sondheim and a rabid pittbull.  So, in other news, I finally saw  Camp! .  If you haven't seen it yet you don't know what you're missing.  Sexual confusion, musical numbers, and big-hair are just a few reasons.  Also the randomly appearing main title which is sometimes backwards. I'm going to a speech meet tomorrow to compete in Poetry.   I swore I would never do that again, because the only poems I do are humorous, whereas the only poems that place are written by 7-year-olds with cancer about life in Auschwitz.  And if you've got a poem like that (and 90% of them do, 70% probably have the same cancer-holocaust poem) who needs talent?  Meanwhile, the three of us out to prove that it doesn't have to be depressing to be poetry get consistently creamed.  Ah well.  Btw, I'd encourage you all to head down to Michael's new site and post more comments that disagree with him about Euchre, but first - POST HERE!!! As in incentive, the next person to post will get a quarter or a cough drop or a piece of lint or something the next time I see them.  For FREE.  It's the smell of freedom... and the chemicals with which they treat your dashboard.  P.S. Isn't it weird that the Blogger spell check doesn't know the word Blog?