         Okay. Here's the plan for JournalCon. Everyone arrive at 6:00. We'll eat pizza (by the way my parents won't be home for some of the time, that does not mean that drinking or other badnesses are allowed) I'm hoping to finish season one of Sports Night. That is my goal, however if you are all bored, we can do other stuff. People need to bring snacks. Erin (if she comes) and Sophia will leave by 11:00 (at my parents behest) and we'll...do stuff. The Comstocks are coming around 9:00 so we'll watch Joan of Arcadia then.  Now I know that Erin, Thomas, Sophia and Nathan are unfamiliar with Sports Night so I have compiled a quickie "previously on" segment  Previously on Sports Night: Casey and Dan were Anchors, Dana was Producer, Natalie was Executive Producer, Issac was managing editor, Jeremy was...something else, Sally was the skanky ho who ran the 2:00 update. Here's where it gets complicated...Casey loves Dana, who is in love with Gordon. Natalie is hellbent on getting Dana and Casey together, however Dana is uninterested because she doesn't think that Casey is really interested in her. Natalie liked Jeremy and they were really cute together. Natalie got sexually assualted by a football player and the crew worried about the fallout, which never came.  Now I also know that Jonah, Nathan, Sophia, and Thomas are unfamiliar with Joan of Arcadia so I have compiled another "previously on" segment here  Previously on Joan of Arcadia: The Girardi family picked up and moved to the titular town of Arcadia, Maryland. Joan talked to God, who appeared to Joan in different (and frequently hilarious) forms, befriended Adam, an artist, and Grace, the militant...I don't know how else to describe her. The dad, Will, was a police chief, the mom, Helen, was a secretary at the school. The older brother, Kevin, was a baseball player who was injured in a car accident resulting in his being in a wheelchair. The Youngest child, Luke is a geeky kid who really reminds me of the Comstocks. Adam's Mom had died. God told Joan to do random stuff, which would benefit somebody in someway (a friend, a child, a teacher etc...) One of these things was to keep one of Adam's (the Artist's) sculptures out of the school art fair, she had a 'failure of imaginiation' and ended up smashing the sculpture with a chair. This worked out badly, as Adam came in just as she did this. So Adam and Joan had a falling out. Eventually Joan and Adam made up after Helen befriended Adam and Grace Helen and Joan intervened and helped Adam read his mom's suicide note, which was pleasant and left good ripples. So Adam and Joan kissed and the world went 'SQUEE!'. Also Grace and Luke kissed at a dance then worked together on the science fair, leading to a really cool Goldbergian sequence of events that lead to the previously mentioned kissing. So they're kind of together. Kevin got a job at a newspaper which lead to him making out with his boss, Rebecca (who is Sydney Poitier's daughter). Will discovered massive corruption at the city level and squealed to the FBI which lead to the dissolution (I think that's a word) of the Police Department. So now he's a Detective and the man who provided the information is the new police chief. Whew!  Come at Six, Girls leave at Eleven, Guys leave whenever the next day.  History is about to crack wide open. Millennium Approaches.