         Friday Five (Couldn't get on to do it yesterday.)  1. What was the last TV show you watched? Thomas-- Sadly enough, Everybody Loves Raymond.' Michael -- Wonderfalls, happily enough. Erin-- The last entire TV show I watched was Will and Grace on Thursday night, although I've channel surfed since then. Marten:Alias. don't watch much else, sunday is about the only time i have for tv Jonah: The People's Court (I'd never watched it before, but we didn't have cable in Florida) Nathan:  Judging Amy.  First episode I've ever seen part of.  Had Armin Shimmerman in it. Sophia:  I honestly don't remember, Friends, probably.  2. What was the last thing you complained about? Thomas-- How much of a jackass John Trippi is Michael -- How Tim wouldn't let me play Grand Theft Auto longer Erin-- My brother's drums. I'm going to set them on fire. Marten: I was hungry Jonah:  The internet being down when we got back. Nathan: Jonah being on the gamecube Sophia:  sunburn  3. Who was the last person you complimented and what did you say? Thomas-- My mom. "This is really good Filet Mignon." Michael -- My mom. "You're so good at puzzles." Erin-- Michael. "That is funny," or something about his LOTR comedy. Marten: "Erin, you're awsome" Jonah:  One of my family members on a good pun.  It was a groan, but a complimentary kind of groan. Nathan: Jonah, for a well written Mad-lib. Sophia:  My friend Stevo..."You're a really cool guy..."  4. What was the last thing you threw away? Thomas-- A kleenex Michael -- The shredded remains of a twistie-tie Erin-- a post-it Marten:  Paper towels from cleaning my paintball gun. Jonah:  Pistachio nut shells Nathan: Guinea pig bedding Sophia:  Wow, Jonah, me too!!  Creepy!  5. What was the last website (besides this one) that you visited? Thomas-- www.nationstates.net Michael -- www.televisionwithoutpity.com Erin-- fanfiction.net Marten: similarminds.com Jonah:  Tales from the Other Side of the Corndog (I came here before the webcomics!) Nathan: Wigu (www.wigu.com) Sophia:  yahoo.com  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.