         As the title suggests, I'm pretty damned tired right now. I'm also posting here to announce details of JournalCon 1.5!  Where: My House. I'm not putting my address here. You've been there before, you know where it is. When: 12:00 on Tuesday March 30th, 2004 Why: To Snark and write a fan-fic send-up of Lord of the Rings Who: Any Blogger in Indianapolis and not Florida or the Caribbean.  Food Details: Either we can do pizza, or we can all give Marten $10 bucks and he can pick us up Panda Express. If anyone else likes that idea, IM me with your order. I recommend the Orange-Flavored Chicken. Drinks and snacks will be provided. Also: JournalCon 2: Electric Boogaloo is coming... The following is a preview of Sports Night: Season Two.  Dana: Stand there. I'm gonna sack you. Jeremy: Okay, I need just another moment of your time, then you can go back to being crazy.  Dana: My brother can beat up your brother. Natalie: My brother's a grad student in comparative literature. My mother could beat up my brother.  Dan: Honesty for Pixley!  Sam: Dana, I have been through alcohol, marriage and network television. If you want to kill me, you're gonna need some kryptonite.  Casey: I didn't do the bread. Dan: What'd you do? Casey: I did what I do, Dan, I did what I do. Dan: You screwed up your romantic life in front of fifth graders?  Casey: I could be like a blind detective, have my own TV show. Dana: You DO have your own TV show.  Isaac: Does the porn star know you're this much of a dork?  Isaac: The kid can't even walk yet. Why are we locking the medicine cabinet? Dana: Does he crawl? Isaac: Not up walls, no.  Natalie: "Jeremy, one day you'll see that my love for you isn't the product of liquor-induced mood swings and that I'm yours for the taking at your command and that the day I broke up with you is the most regrettable day of my life. " Jeremy: "Okay, but I broke up with you." Natalie: "I find you loathesome, and my hatred of you knows no bounds."  Dana: "That's right. My show is on. My show is on! My show is on! My show is ON!"  Casey: "...with revenge on their minds they welcome the Tigers to the house that Ruth built this evening." Dan: "Excuse me, Casey, but Ruth didn't build the house this evening, did he?" Casey: "No, Dan, and thank you very much for correcting my every mistake no matter how small, oh these many years." Dan: "What are friends for?" Casey: "To annoy the hell out of you?" Dan: "Exactly." Also, just a thing. Please restrict templates to one or two lines, otherwise it ends up awkward.  It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.'