         I am a horrible person. Those of you who were at my party may recall an incident between my friend Claire and I that ended with a slight injury to her shoulder.  Well, today she's in a sling.  I have no idea how it happened, I didn't push her that hard, but anyway, now I feel awful.  To make matters worse, John Murray came up to me yesterday at the Jazz Band concert and said, "So, I hear you beat up Claire.  Good Job."  So now everyone at school thinks I just beat up girls or something.  Of course, I haven't actually seen Claire, so this could be an elaborate scheme to get back at me by making me feel bad.  I'll know in about 40 minutes. (I'm in Journalism now, I'll see her at lunch)  Either way, I'm going full Pacifist.  No more fighting for Jonah.  EDIT:  Yep, she's in a sling.  Also, it's her birthday today.  Can you believe that? Ugh.  On the plus side, she's not actually mad at me.   In other news, the Jazz Band concert was awesome.  I wasn't planning to go, but Swathi and I decided just to stay after musical practice, go out to eat, and then go to the concert - which turned out to have not only jazz, but also dancing and food.  Of course, I couldn't get Swathi to dance until the last song, but it was fun still.  I also had another interesting conversation with a Ms. Oed whom some of you know.  I met her at a party awhile back, but I thought she was one of those nice people I'd never see again.  Given our mutual involvement in Band an Drama and our tendency to attend the performances of each other's schools, I think I'll see her again.  She also shared an interesting tidbit with me:  The rumor is LC will not have a musical this year.  Can you guys confirm or deny?  Match ups.  I have to say the deaf.  Sight is simply more important to basketball than sound.  Even if the blind can yell their plays to each other, it's still the blind leading the blind.  Next match-up: A watermelon versus a slightly larger watermelon, in a pole-vaulting competition.  Marten - Kaylee wants someone's dad's shoes back and soon!      It's raining turkeys; what more do you need?!?