         Friday Five Time!   1. What was the last song you heard?  Michael: Angel by Massive Attack Nathan: The Grand Illusion by Styx Jonah: Crucifixus by Lotti, performed by the St. Olaf Choir Marten:Confrontation from Jekyl and Hyde  Erin: The Cellblock Tango from Chicago Thomas: The World Was Dancing from Songs From a New World Sophia: I Got Lost in his Arms from Annie Get Your Gun  2. What were the last two movies you saw?  Michael: Lost In Translation and Mystic River. Nathan: Oceans 11 and Sarafina! Jonah: Oceans 11 and part of Field of Dreams Marten:Lost in Translation and Dirty Dancing Erin: Chicago and Cold Mountain, I think Thomas: Ferris Bueller's Day off and Starsky and Hutch (Great Movie) Sophia: oh dear.  Um...Part of Sister Act II, and I have no idea.  Whoops.  3. What were the last three things you purchased?  Michael: A Print Cartridge, and some other stuff I can't remember. Nathan: A Used copy of Pokemon Gold, Pizza, A Cherry coke Jonah: A pack of fruit snacks, another pack of fruit snacks and a pack of cookies. Marten: Cookies. anything before that happened to long ago, I rarely have money Erin: I can't even remember. I think... a bag of M&M's and two bottles of water. Thomas: A movie ticket and Dinner at the hockey game for Blues Band Sophia:  A ticket to Mr. LC, two skirts  4. What four things do you need to do this weekend?  Michael: Make Sure I taped Joan of Arcadia, wake up before 1 PM, See when Jonah and I are meeting on Sunday and where, and finish my Health Journal Nathan: Choir competition, church, IYC cabaret auditions, youth group Jonah: Figure out what's going on with Michael, do it, figure out what I'm doing with the Monon thing, do it and write it. Marten: Work on my comic story board, go to the monon with jonah and co., Youth group, and remember what Im forgetting to do, then do it Erin: (pretending like it's Friday) Merit Scholarship interview, Merit Scholarship essay, theatre scholarship audition, psych project, psych notes Thomas: Went to Starsky and Hutch, played at an Indianapolis Ice Game (Blues Band), played at Central Sound Classic (Backup Band), and went to Youth Group. Sophia: I'm a little late.  Shoot.  Um, start my research paper, go to choir, see variety pops, hang out at Allene's?  5. Who are the last five people you talked to?  Michael: Mom, Tim, Dad, Paul, Matt. Nathan: Mom, Dad, Jonah, Tim, Charissa Jonah: Dad, Mom, Nathan, Charissa, Tim Marten: Mom, Dad, Lara, Sophia, Kaylee Erin: Mom, Dad, Adam, Kristen Thomas: Marten, Nathan, Jonah, Mom, and Dad. Sophia:  Mom, Anne, Kiel, David, Kent  Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island?