         I'm having troubles with my church. Yes I know, but it's really starting to bug me. I used to help out with two/three year olds on Wednesday Nights while their parents were at Bible Study. This worked out since my parents came to help with my brothers youth group and I had tried my youth group and found it to be...well bad. It was bad. It was really really bad. It was just...bad. So I helped out and for about a year, I did that and I had fun doing it. I got to play with babies for an hour and a half, sometimes we'd go to the big playground, othertimes not. Then last November, the lady who ran the problem told me that the new senior minister (who I pretty much instantly disliked) had decided that 8:00 was too late for two/three years old, and promptly shut down the program, leaving me with two options: Bible Study (which would be awkward) or Youth Group (which would be like having hot pokers shoved down my throat). I've been going to the Bible Study for the last few weeks (which was good because unlike another program, they provide snacks and drinks, which is a good way to win my heart. And it worked. The only problem is that it's boring. It's crashingly boring. It's Sinclair-on-an-educational-tangent boring. And youth group is...loud. It's very loud. I worked in the library (that's where we started two years ago) and could feel the vibrations of loud Christian Rock music through the floor. And I am not a Christian Rock person by any stretch of the imagination.  So I'm staying home tonight, and I'm trying to get out of going next week, because it's really awkward and boring, so my parents have come up with a solution (which I think is a really, really bad idea)   Go to the Comstock's youth group.   I'm not kidding. That is their solution. It's not that I have a problem with the Comstocks or Marten or their church, It would be awkward for me, awkward for the Comstocks and Awkward for pretty much everyone involved, Not to mention the fact that I'm not a youth group person. I'm a leave-me-alone-and-I-promise-to-tithe-for-as-long-as-I-Live person. I don't want fellowship! I want people to leave me alone! I want to go to church on Sunday Morning, sit through service, get up go home (in a perfect world, we'd stop for Panda Express on the way home. It's finger Ling-Ling Good!) I don't want to have to constantly go to church after the new minster just ripped the rug right out from under me. And then had the gall to say that in order to work child care on Sundays you have to stay for two services, one to help and one to be "Spiritually Fed". So I'm mad at stuff, and planning on ranting at my parents in Latin if I have to go next week.   Anyway, he seems like he'd be the guy who scores drugs for everyone, except there are never any drugs in musicals. He says he can get a "samurai sword" and some "grass skirts." Huh? What the hell are people into on this island?