         Props to Ryan in Chicago, the first person outside the state of Indiana to visit my site.  I liked the show. I'm not going to jump up and down on it like I did with "Once in a Lifetime", I just have a few comments. The Comstocks officially rocked the party. I have to talk about the singing (Remember I showed up at 7:00 so I missed "Agony") The entire youth group came out, half of them looked disinterested, the other half was shuffling around so much, and it made me wonder if this group had ever sang in front of people before. The Twilight Zone/Outer Limits sketch was funny. It pretty much wiped away the...wait, we're being nice...ummm...It was good! The Circle of Life was Fishcakes to the nth degree. I couldn't tell if the girl was even singing. What Line is it Anyhow was...It was bad. I'm sorry, but I was at the Comstock Birthday Party, and I know that Marten, Thomas, Nathan and Jonah are much much better than what the did here. Thomas managed to liven up his role, but Nathan's Jekyll/Hyde Newscaster was just...not very good, Jonah did okay with his role, which was a huge shoutout to Sports Night's Casey McCall. It was bad, but better than a Horatio Sanz skit on SNL. Which is indeed, a good thing. Levi and Colin were great doing "Masterpiece Theatre", my only comment is that there was a passing reference to the "New York City Capitol Building", which would be...wrong. Unless it was intended, in which case, Bully For You! The Piano playing of How Beautiful was extemely good. Massive Props to Jennifer! Which brings me to the finalé, Stomp. I am not a fan of Stomp, it's fun when it begins but after five minutes the gimmick wears off, and you're sitting in a theatre listening to forty grown men drum on trashcans for two hours. The gimmick did wear off soon after the beginning, however it was masterfully done, with no visible mistakes. I was really surprised since I thought this would immediately crash and burn, but it didn't, which is also a good thing. It was a good show, I had the same problem with it as I do with SNL, which is too many musical numbers and not enough skits. But still very, very good. Please don't hurt me.   Also I accidentially took my brothers medication, which is disconcerting me. I now realize why he is so screwed up! It's the pills! I pulled a muscle in my back today. I'm tired now and need to go to bed. Goodnight and have a pleasant tomorrow!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!