         And if you're angry at me, well, you've got a lot of company. I'm going to explain all this. There's a website called "Friday Five" where they pose interesting and somewhat personal questions, and it would serve as a good way for all of you to know me better. Also feel free to edit your answers into the post. Or don't. I really don't care that much. But without further ado, The Inaugural Friday Five.   What was...   1. ...your first grade teacher's name?  Michael: Mrs. Vittori. She liked bunnies. Jonah: I can't remember her name, but I can see her face.  She taught at Hancock Elementary in Minnesota.  The school's idea of an accelerated program was to pull Caitlin Ngam and I out of class every other hour so we wouldn't be learning stuff we already knew. Nathan:  Mrs. Fox.  Thinking back, I don't think she enjoyed having me in her class all that much.  I was too smart for her. Thomas: Ms. King. Great teacher, taught me how to handle me math. Erin: Mrs. Bainter, my second grade teacher. She maintained that I was the best writer she'd ever taught. Marten:Mrs. Haase.  She loved me, and probably contributed to my giant ego Sophia:  I have no idea...can't remember that far ago!  I remember it was my last year at Crooked Creek Elementary School, though.  2. ...your favorite Saturday morning cartoon?  Michael: Pokémon, when I was in 5th grade, but now I enjoy sleep. Oh! Sonic the Hedgehog! That's it! Jonah:  I don't watch them so much, but I have to say Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Nathan: Captain Planet, all the way!   Thomas: Batman!!!!! That was my first word. Teenage Mustant Ninja turtles gets and extremely close second. Erin: Alvin and the Chipmunks! The hyped-up '80's version. I liked the episodes with the girls in them. Brittany the Chipette was my idol. Marten: I miss anamaniacs and freakazoid Sophia:  I was a super-fan of Recess.  3. ...the name of your very first best friend?  Michael: Eric Oxyang in Yorba Linda. Jonah: Nathan.  'Nough said. Nathan: Jonah.  Ditto. Thomas Fowler: Andrew Clarke (From my old-school Chicago days) Erin: Probably Jessica Diefenbach, because our parents were friends, but I don't remember much of that. Marten: Louis. introduced me to randomness at age six Sophia:  Kelly Roeder...best friend since 2nd grade.  Yay.  4. ...your favorite breakfast cereal?  Michael: Lucky Charms. Marshmallows all the way! Jonah: I love Quaker Oat Squares.  Also Waffle Crisp. Nathan: Raisin Bran is a classic Thomas: Cinnamon Toast Crunch is the best cereal ever. Erin: Honey Nut Cheerios. With strawberries in. Marten: Reeses! Sophia:  mmm...frosted mini wheats with strawberries.  Yummy.  5. ...your favorite thing to do after school?  Michael: Putter around the internet. Or occiasionally play PS2 and watch The Ellen DeGeneres Show. Jonah:  Eat, check webcomics, update blogs. Nathan: By the time I get home, sleep.  Thomas: Watch tv, and game like the shrubnip I am. Erin: Either get online or watch snippets of my DVDs. I can only do these things if my brother's not home, though, because he gets online before me and makes fun of my DVDs. Marten:videogames or sleep Sophia:  SLEEP!  That's Adorable! Justice makes it giggle!