         Or "Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At, Part Two"   The return of the Killjoy : She's  taking a late lunch break today, so right now she's standing behind the desk chatting with the other librarian, the one who denied me   the SRT pass . There are actually a few people sitting in the back, despite the fact that a class is coming in here soon.   Mr. Hall : What can you say about Hall. He's annoying, loud, gay, has the most annoying accent of all time, narrowly beating out Melissa George's OmniAccent on Alias. The only non-assy thing he's done all year is not shoot down my Persuasive Speech Proposal. I'll be posting that as a separate piece (heh.) on What Kind of Day Has It Been, after I give it May 18th. I don't want Hall to google it and think that I stole it.    Career Day : It sucked. Sophia, Rachel, Thomas, Marten and I stand together in solidarity on this one. Ya-Ya! Thomas, who by far had the worst experience will write about his thing once he gets back from Chicago and he'll cover Government and Social Services in that post, (we had the same pick!) though I will say that it was much more   Third Watch  than   The West Wing .  Now I will talk about my second session, which was Engineering, proctored by Richard "Math Teacher With A Big Old Stick Up His Butt" Britton. The engineer was boring, and cussed a lot for a career day presentation (Hell twice, Dumbass once), and pissed the Architect off more than a little when he name dropped that the Architect worked on John Mellencamp's house. Mellencamp? Woo-fucking-Hoo. The Architect was more boring than...Something really boring. He had a picture of what quite possibly could have been the ugliest building ever designed and showed us a design for the house of arich realtor who could not be named (There was a monogrammed TC or possibly CT on there, if you actually care to find out.) That's what prompted the dumbass crack.   Okay I'm going to go now. JournalCon is set for 5:30 PM, May 7th, which is my birthday so any presents that you would bring could very well buy my eternal love and a spot in the Penthouse Suite of my Heart (Right off the Left Ventricle!).  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.