         Am now reading Bridget Jones's Diary and am having trouble reinserting pronouns, etc. into vocabulary.   Welcome to Paul!  Well, it seems since one was last online and not too busy to blog, great irrelevent things have happend, much political murmuring has taken place, a new blogger has unknowingly tried to steal one's title scheme without any rebuke, and it has been suggested that after graduation one ought to just go away and not speak to any of you ever again. One feels miffed.  I think that all of you should know that Frieje is just doing the hall sweep thing because when Dr. Hodgin was visiting he saw four fights in the hall, which is just sad. And Frieje is not any kind of asshole, just rather misguided. He is far superior to Hanna because he at least knows and cares about what's going on. I won't argue that the hall sweeps are dumb, but they probably wont last. And even if they do, well-- I won't be there. Aha! Ahahahahahaha!  Michael didn't know about my Arthurian obsession and came under the impression that I have a girl crush on Keira Knightley. Oh, dear. Really, I was just looking at the costume and metalwork; I'd have been staring at Clive Owen or anyone else just as hard. I have decided that the new King Arthur movie should really be called, "Bend It Like Boudicca." And this, in fact, is how into the dark ages Britain/ Arthurian thing I am. Boudicca was a real, historical Celtic warrior queen. When the Romans invaded, I think about 400 years or so before Arthur time, Boudicca's daughters (and maybe her, I forget) were raped by Roman soldiers and she vowed revenge. She actually mounted an offensive that came the closest of any British attempt at driving the Romans out of Britain-- she was certainly the only one who gave them a real run for their money-- and she actually fought with the soldiers and everything. If I remember correctly, she drove them all the way down to the southern portion of the island... But that's just digression. What I'm wondering now is things like, will they use some copy of the Sutton Hoo helmet somewhere, as it's so popular with dark ages things; what does the guy who plays Lancelot look like, his name is very Welsh-- Gruffydd, or something; is the Merlin they're using old Merlin or young Mary Stewart-type Merlin; are they putting in any of the other cool female figures, e.g. Morgan and Nimue. I'll stop now.  They have not taken away Senior Skip-a-Final, you uninformed ninnies!  Irrelevant spoiler of the day: Correct me if I'm wrong, I don't think I posted a teaser last time. So today's spoiler is-- In Ep. III, Obi-Wan wields... a lightsaber. It is the traditional weapon of the Jedi Knight-- not as clumsy or random as a blaster, an elegant weapon. It's a sword made of light, a laser sword! (hehe, "laser sword")  Must do homework now.  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.