         Or "Things I'm Irrationally Pissed At, Part One: School"   SAC Elections : What is the point of SAC elections? They drag me from SRT, put me in the auditorium and have me vote. The voting however is moot, because in every category (except Student Body President) there is only one person running. It was Pre-War Iraq! One person (I won't mention names) I didn't vote for (even though he was the only person running) because he looked like he was hit in the face with the concave side of a shovel. I voted for one person because her name was funny (and because her opponent who promised candy, didn't deliver) and I voted for Spud, because he's cool. And this in reality is not an election, it's a popularity contest. Any given Sophmore's interest in the electoral process is minimal, if present at all. And it's not like the SAC does anything terribly difficult. They don't have to decide to bomb North Central in a pre-emptive strike, they help with charity, sell pizza and plan dances. I care about one of those three things. ONE. I'm not likely to care who student body vice-treasurer is.   Hall Sweeps : Hall Sweeps are evil and Frejie is a tiny impotent Nazi with a bug up his butt the size of an emu. And the multiple SRT bells are mondo annoying if you're trying to nap during SRT. I think someone should organize a school sit-down where every person leaves their class, and five minutes into the passing period, sits down wherever in the school they happen to be. What are they going to do, write everyone up? This leads into my next topic...   Idiotic Bitchy Administrators : It's amazing how they can't put two and two together and figure out that by eliminating perks (McTravel, Senior Skip-A-Final) school spirit goes down. Huh, it's amazing how that works, eh? and regarding CD Players: I want to listen to my iPod during frigging SRT! I'm at the point where I'm ready to hand out bribes to the staff, just so I can hear some Massive Attack during passing periods!  I'm irrationally pissed as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!  Oh my God, you're putting my mother's cats on the Supreme Court.