         Disclaimer: Erin does not condone any women ever being struck like gongs.  Welcome to the blog, Rachel!  What I Did On My Field Trip I went to see a play called Private Lives it was funny. It had lots of witty banter that was very well done, it made me laugh. We went to the mall. We ate at the mall I also bought some books. They were The Truth and Night Watch, now there are only five Discworld books I dont own not counting the young adult ones and Last Hero. We got back at 2:30 and sat in the commons until the bell rang. This was a happy day. The End.  I am coming to Pajama Game tonight because tomorrow I am booked to go see Ella Enchanted with my aunt and my cousin and Toni. I can buy my own tickets, it's ok.   Dr. Disco was... bizarre.  [Girl, you stole my adjective! --Michael]  Somehow I think we pulled it off, but only just barely. If I ever hear Horrigan say "Oh my gosh" again I'm going to slap her. Amendment to the disclaimer: She is the only woman who should be struck regularly like a gong.  [Word. --Michael]   Oh! Palpatine! I vote Palpatine! Why? Because Palpy as president will bring corruption back to the Republic! He will put an end to democracy! The Trade Federation will free its influence over the bureaucrats and our people will be lost! He's the Phantom Menace! What could possibly be better than that? As Jonah pointed out, he would eventually just be destroyed by the Rebellion. In the meantime, we can call him "Palpy." Who needs Jedi, anyway?  Irrelevent spoiler of the day: Where have all the Jedi gone, long time passing? Where have all the Jedi gone long time ago? Where have all the Jedi gone? Gone to graveyards, every one. When will they ever learn? When will the ever learn? That's right, it's horrible, but in beginning around Episode three there is what we call a "Jedi Purge." Palpatine (he's the Phantom Menace, remember?) decides that he doesn't like the Jedi and hires people to kill them all. I weep. Next time: Do any Jedi survive this "Purge?"  Fanfiction Rec of the Week ("You might not care, but I do"): Wizzardly Accusations, a Discworld fic on ff.net in which Rincewind is accused of attempting to murder the Patrician and runs away a lot. He even throws a scent bomb at poor Angua! It's tough to be a werewolf.  The Betty-one looks drowsy!