         Yay for Rachel who nailed her post on the first time!   Okay, I thought I would be offended when I read about the CoS Primary (even though the current president is an incumbent with an intention to run for re-election, so unless a challenger arises, there is no official "Republican Primary") but I really wasn't.  My opinions (and handy odds!) are thus:  George W. Bush : Please, Lord, not again. The man led us through September 11th. He did good. He led us into a war in Afghanistan, which didn't lead to serious problems. THE MAN NEEDS A FOUR-YEAR VACATION! After two wars (one that's a losing battle at this point ) he really needs to Get Out. Now. But I like his cabinet. Condolezza Rice kicks ass! Seriously, a viable female candidate if she desires to run. Might give Hillary a run for her money.  Odds 5:1    Bill Gates : Seriously? Can you imagine Bill Gates saying to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, "Commence bombing on select military sites." That's just all kinds of wrong. The man can't design a good operating system, why would he be good as president?  Odds 50:1    Senator Palpatine : He's the model of a modern Republican. I regret to have said that as now Jonah will begin singing Pirates of Penzance now. But seriously, he is. He's got the geek vote And geeks a group that was essential in Bush's first election bid. Look for him to win a few primaries but peter out around Super Tuesday.  Odds 3:1    The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra : Perfect. Loud, Sarcastic, A little bit bitchy and concise. He's the ideal Republican candidate.  Odds 2:1   By the way, if a box of hair ran against John Kerry in the next primary, it would probably be more in tune with issues, speak more eloquently, and govern the country in a way that's fair to all, even more so than Kerry. But seriously, if you think America needs a president who can snowboard? Then vote for Kerry.  What else was I going to say? I don't know, that's your problem, I sleep now. Why shake hands when we can touch...other things? Like Lips...