         It's Friday Five Time. (NATHAN AND SOPHIA, PLEASE DO LAST WEEK'S FIRST!)   1. Is your hair naturally curly, wavy, or straight? Long or short?  Michael: Short and Straight. Jonah:  Straight, short, and generally psycho Erin: wavy, and sort of a middle-length Nathan: My hair flips... right.  both sides do.  I hate it.  It's fairly long for a guy. Thomas: My hair sort of fluctuates. I think it is mostly medium lenth and straight. Sophia:  My hair is flip-y.  It flips out at the ends...and, medium length?  2. How has your hair changed over your lifetime?  Michael: It was longer and then it was shorter and now it's kind of in the middle again. Jonah:  It fell out when I was two, but since its grown back it's been more or less the same, save the rat tail fiasco, which is best forgotten. Erin: It was curly, then it was straight, then it was wavy and frizzy... I don't want to talk about the bangs. They were bad. Nathan:  More than I can say. Thomas: First it was normal parted, then it was bowl cut, then buzz cut, and now back to sort of normal part.  Sophia:  Long, short, long, short, orange.  3. How do your normally wear your hair?  Michael: However the hell it looks when I get out of bed. Seriously. Jonah:  Diddo, except on Sundays when I put a bunch of gel on it. Erin: down Nathan: With pride. Thomas: Great answer Nathan. I wear my hear however it wants to be worn. It talks to me every morning after I wake up with its requests. Sophia:  out of my face.  4. If you could change your hair this minute, what would it look like?  Michael: It would be blue. No it wouldn't. I don't know! I like my hair the way it is! Jonah:  It would be cooperative. Erin: It would no longer be frizzy, but would make up it's mind as to whether it wants to be curly or straight. Nathan:  Flourescent blue.  And not just highlights, either. Thomas: I would have longer sideburns, dyed hot pink. Sophia:  MINE WOULD BE HOT PINK, TOO!!!  5. Ever had a hair disaster? What happened?  Michael: My hair got overchlorinated and nasty when I was in Kindergarten. That's actually the only thing. Jonah:  It's consistently bad, but not disastrous. Erin: Not to my recollection. There have been many days of Magrat hair, but I've learned to love them. Nathan: On the bus home from Branson it did some pretty weird stuff, but I thought it actually looked pretty cool. Thomas: My hair has generally been pretty calm, and it knows that I do not tolerate disasters. Sophia:  Oh, in 3rd grade I got it cut awfully and looked dreadful.  But that's about it. It came with a matching tie, using a liberal definition of the term "matching" They're both made of fabric? Pretty much.