         Marten's back! Wow! I had four days! I win the bet!  Okay, now for my first JournalCon-less post in a while.  I hate the Cicadas. My mom hates them too and has been freaking out since March when she found out that they were coming. On the other hand Dad has been sympathetic to the cicadas, thinking that we were all big wusses and that as long as the didn’t bother him, he would remain blasé about them. That’s until one of them got in his car. Yeah. So now dad is firmly in the anti-cicada camp. He’s been rambling about cicadas for the last twelve hours, and when we went to the video store in Marsh, he told the clerk that he had cicadas in his car, and then he bought a bottle of Raid Flying Insect Killer, but I wisely checked the side to see what it killed, and it was more Fruitfly than Cicada. So we got the one that kills crickets. Personally, I don’t think anything short of Sarin will work, but it’s his money.  I saw Miracle last night, and in between realizing that Kurt Russell as Herb Bloom is Jonah’s   fashon guru *, I realized that it was possible for America to dream again, especially after four years with the most ineffectual president ever. (Jimmy Carter is a good man. Good President? Not so much…) Actually I realized that a movie that could have been pure undriven treacle was actually pretty damn good, because of a few different factors. 1.) Patricia Clarkson 2.) The Hockey players were very good, and managed to act pretty well considering that the were actual hockey players and not actors. 3.) Patricia Clarkson 4.) The last scene is still suspenseful even though you know how it’s going to end 5.) Patricia Clarkson 6.) It’s remarkably done, and better than it should have been, because of… 7.) Patricia Clarkson  I’m staying home today instead of going to a race party at some friends of my parents house. I have to do laundry, but it’s still worth it.  Okay, I’m pretty much done here. This is Michael Christie, signing off.  *I couldn't find a good picture of his pants, but the man had a serious plaid fetish.  I want to STUFF the MONKEY!