         I added the template, and it's random and funny and part of Jacob's Wrinkle in Time recap. Go read it.   Okay, Jonah, I think you're taking a tad too much credit for the bringing of people into the Youth Group. I recommended it to Erin, so that was pretty much me, although it is indirectly related to you. And also the part about us not liking the religion part is such complete and utter bullshit it's not even funny. I never said I had a problem with the religious part or the worship. That's fine, I knew that would be a part of a church sponsored Youth Group. But to play the same games every week will just end in madness! And also if Kraig is the person I'm thinking of, he specifically said that he was going to be busy for a while and wouldn't be coming!   And, yeah. I joined the group so we could hang out together. That's pretty much the only reason I'm there. I'm sorry if the desire to see Jonah and Nathan more than once every two months is such a bad thing, if it is, than believe me, I won't be coming back in two weeks.  By the way, AnimationCon is dead, So the new schedule looks something like this: June 1 - WestWingCon (Season 1) - 3:00  June 11 - MovieCon! - 3:00  June 18 - WestWingCon (Season 2) - 3:00  July 17 - MusicalCon! With Special Guest "Camp" - 4:00   Note the changes.   Okay, I went to meeting of the minds, and if I had wanted to shove sharp metal objects in Jonah's eye earlier, the desire is all but gone now. LN Lyceum rocks. The funniest moment of the night? I'm not going to play favorites with the sketches, but when Mrs. Means got up and started talking about how great the class was and how her car broke and how she didn't bring snacks, the entire class was standing up there like when Michael Moore (ASS!) brought all of the Documentary nominees on stage and started yelling at Bush and then the people behind him were wondering "What am I doing here?" and rolling their eyes and looking like Deer in headlights.   Seriously, y'all rock. Props to you. The ultimate starship is Alfre Woodard's forehead.