         Well, boys and girls, as far as movie JournalCon goes, I would like to put it to a vote. It shall be either Attack of the Clones, because Michael hasn't seen it (complete with constant snarking, of course-- I wouldn't ask anyone to watch it with a straight face), or Love Actually. For those of you who don't feel informed enough to vote, I shall inform you. AOTC is a rollicking impressive CGI adventure into the Star Wars universe, critically acclaimed as "better than The Phantom Menace." It chronicles the beginning of the Clone Wars, which were made famous in A New Hope with the line, "You fought in the Clone Wars?" (Indeed he did, Luke. Indeed he did.) Obi-Wan Kenobi is sent off to hunt down assassins (See "Dex's Diner") while, for reasons beyond all comprehension, the Jedi Council decides to send Anakin Skywalker to guard Senator Padme Amidala's body. They go to a pretty secluded place and Ani proceeds to seduce the Senator very badly. (Featuring the Worst Pickup Line Ever! And Intense Staring!) This is okay, however, because the Senator is very bad at being seduced. She keeps saying things like, "Don't look at me like that. It makes me uncomfortable," and "You'll be expelled from the Order," and "It will destroy us." Silly Padme. The only way to solve this problem is, of course, to go to Tatooine. Then there's a battle. There's nothing like a near-death experience for finding the way to a woman's heart. Love Actually is, indeed, The Ultimate Romantic Comedy. I can't recap all the plots, because look how long it took me to do just one. Basically, there's a wedding, there's an affair, people fall in love, Christmas is all around me, and on Christmas you tell the truth, and American girls are easy, and Alan Rickman and Emma Thompson, and Hugh Grant dancing around because he's Prime Minister and Billy Bob Thornton is President, and Keira Knightley, and female half nudity, and Portugese, and Liam Neeson and the arrivals gate at Heathrow Airport, and love actually is all around.  I vote for Yoda. Do I even need to explain why?  Fanfic rec of last week ("You might not care," etc.): "Pinch in Time." It's a Discworld fic, Carrot and Angua. Basically, Angua tries to run away again, but this fic is different from all the others with this setup, because Carrot can't say "Don't." Because somebody broke his lifetimer. And now Angua and Death and a dwarf watchman and Susan have to find out who and why and save him. I don't know if it'll get finished, it hasn't been updated in a while, but it's good. Poor Angua. It sucks to be a werewolf. I only have one thing left to say to you, and this is it.