           so the first day of work was pretty much how I expected it to be.  The horoscope below rang pretty true it was just a passing moment.  Everything seemed a little overwhelming and confusing, but I didn't let it bother me too much because I figured that it'll just all come in time.  It seems like a job that you really have to just learn by doing.  Soyeah.  Everyone seemed nice... I got there at the same time as the branch manager (Andy) and so he let me in and showed me my cube.  I've got a new computer that's really cute... it's black and silver (only a 17 inch monitor though)...  a compaq with a 1.7 ghz processor (soyeah, it's 3 times faster than my little computer here at home...).  It's the newest computer in the office and the only sleek black and silver one and I'm just so happy to not have a beige box like everyone else.  soyeah. tomorrow promises to be pretty much the same as today, but they mentioned something about me making some phone calls to insured/claiments which i'm not too excited about doing already...  I really don't know the policy any better than they do just yet, so I'm not going to be any good at fielding questions...  yeah...  anyway...  we'll see....  I've been invited to the company christmas party at the century house on thursday night.  i told them i was going, then had to tell them that no, i wouldn't be bringing a date.  single is fabulous, but i'm going to need to line up some guy friend that i can get to go to functions with me in a pinch...  so i can't believe how tired I am...  i did aerobics today after i pigged out and felt hella guilty..  no more pigging out.  more aerobics...    so i found this awesome framed four leaf clover at   redenvelope.com .   I'm just fascinated with it.  I think I need it.  If I had $28 to spend on myself I'd have it right now (or as soon as it could get shipped...).  But I don't have $28 to spend on myself.  I don't even have $8 to spend on myself.  I'm ass,  ass  poor.  Can't wait till I get paid, but most likely that won't be until the end of this month (30th) because I just don't think payroll will be able to get everything ready in time for me to get paid the 15th...  suckage.  I'm so poor.