           this sux.  after 5 years, tim just up and dumps me with no warning.  we'd been making all these plans (which, by the way, he always brought up) and then all of a sudden he needs time apart, and then he makes no effort to talk to me again.  what the hell.  i guess i can understand if he's freaking out, but why wouldn't he want to talk to  me then?  is he too afraid?  is he afraid that if we talked, he would go back on his decision?  or is he afraid that if we talked he'd only hurt me more?  this would hurt less if he had just come out and said, I'm sorry, I'm not in love with you anymore, we have to break up.  but instead he says, i have a problem with me, i need to work it out, i need some space.  so, what did he mean?  this sux.    my dad suggested that perhaps tim was trying to tell me something when he told me the story about giving his friend money at the wedding just cause he asked.  maybe tim feels like when he's put in a box, he just does what's expected of him.  so, maybe with graduating tim is wondering if he really wants to be a nurse or if he's doing it cause that's what was expected of him.  and, by the same token, maybe tim brought up moving in together and marriage because he thought that's what was expected of him at that point.  and so now he's trying to step back and see if he's been doing what he's been doing because he wanted to do it, or if he was doing it cause that's what was expected of him.  i'd really hate to think that tim was with me and talking about a future together just because that's what he thought was expected of him.  i certainly didn't put that expectation on him, or at least i didn't conciously.  i've actually always tried to not bring it up, because i didn't want to pressure him.  he's always been the one to bring it up.    so becky's response to that was that she didn't think that if he really did it only because that's what he thought was expected of him, that wouldn't make sense. because he wouldn't be the one to bring it up all the time if he only did it cause he thought it was expected of him.  if he thought that way, he'd probably avoid bringing it up at all..  i dunno.  i dunno if the preceding sentences made sense at all because i'm writing this when i'm really tired.    i dunno.  i don't know what to think.  i'm hurt that tim would treat me this way after five years.  but at the same time i'm not mad (not really, not yet anyway) because i'm pretty sure that he didn't set out to hurt me on purpose.  also, i don't think he really knows what he wants (and that sux.  makes me feel bad.  how can he not be sure after all this time?) and he seems very confused and scared.  i know that this isn't about me, it's about him.  ugh.  i'm not making any sense.  i'm just trying to write out what i'm feeling cause i can't stand thinking about it anymore.  he's acting like such a child right now.  he completely blew off his brother and wife (michael and amy, i  love  them, they're great) at his graduation cause he knew that they'd side with me and tell him he's being an asshole.  he probably felt guilty and so he avoided them.  he sux right now.  he should act like an adult.  i mean, why would you act like that?  it's like he's reverting back to his childhood and he's pushing away everyone who would encourage him to become an adult.  he's really got a lot of growing up to do, and i guess i've felt that before, but now i know it.  it will be interesting to see how he handles starting his new job.  i can't see him moving out on his own either.  not unless his mother went and picked out an apartment and moved him in.    i, on the other hand, have started looking around, and i plan on moving out asap.  i can't wait around for him to grow up, cause i guess i don't know if that will ever happen.  this situation just sux.  why would he make all these plans with me just to suddenly dump me and not talk to me again?  what's going on?  i have no closure.  there was no problem, no big blow up...  he decides to end it by saying that he still wants to be my friend as he walks around with me holding my hand.  and then he never makes an effort to contact me.  what the hell.  i mean, if he just wanted to break up with me he should have had the balls to do it.  and if he wanted to be my friend, he should have had the balls to call me.  what the hell.  now i'm just left in this awful limbo.  i guess i just have to assume it's permanent.  i hoped that it would have ended better if it had to end at all.  i just want to talk to him and see what he's thinking.  is he relieved?  or does he think this sux also?  i have no idea.  i think he owes it to me to talk to me and give me some closure.  and through all this, i can't help but miss him so much.  i was happy.  i thought he was happy (although i was obviously wrong).  we had so much fun together.  i thought we were in love.  he led me to believe that we had a future together.  and then he suddenly took it all back.  this sux, i miss him, and i'm increadibly hurt.