           my interview went well today.  the job sounds like it'd be pretty ideal, so i hope i get it.  Tim couldn't go to lunch today.  Here's pretty much how our im conversation went:  Ali: Tim?  you there?  Ali (a few minutes later): guess not..  :(  call me when you get the chance...  i miss you :(  Tim: i'm here, i just woke up  Ali: oh, did you work last night?  Tim: yeah  Ali: oh, sorry  Tim: for what?  Ali: for bothering you  Tim: you're not bothering me  Ali: sure?  Tim: yeah  Ali: so, do you want to get something to eat later?  Tim: not today. i have some stuff i have to do.  Ali: oh, ok.  Tim: i have to go, i need to take a shit. talk to you later.  Ali: k  Tim: seeya  Ali: bye  and then, after a few minutes i left him this message:  Ali: Tim, please call me, i won't take up too much of your time, i just want to arrange a time to meet if that's ok with you.  i need to talk to you.  and then after a few minutes he just got offline.  i tried to call his house but his dad said that tim wasn't there, which had to be a lie because tim had  just  gotten offline.  so i left a message on his cellphone saying that i thought it was mean of him to have his dad lie to me, and i just needed to talk to him (that i wasn't going to try and get him back or anything, cause i know that's not what he wants) and that he should call me cause i'm not going to call him anymore cause it's embarrassing.   I am just so upset.  i don't deserve to be treated llike that.  and he shouldn't be acting like that, i mean, he's 23 going on 24 years old.  you shouldn't have your parents lie for you.  freakin be a man and answer the fucking phone.  i mean, if he changed his mind about meeting me cause he thinks it's too soon, fine.  whatever.  but we have some unfinished business about this breakup.  don't tell me you need a break and time apart if you really want to break up with me.  don't tell me that you want to still be my friend if that's too much for you.  don't tell me you still love me if you don't.  the saddest thing ever to me is when someone is too much of a wimp to own up to their feelings...  there's this barenaked ladies song that always makes me sad where two people stay together even though one's not in love with the other anymore, i think it's called break your heart or something like that.  anyway, in the song the one that's not in love says that he didn't want to break her heart, which is why he never broke up with her.  then she says "you arrogant man/ what do you think think that i am/ my heart will be fine/ just i'm wasting my time" and i hope so much that that song doesn't apply to me.  i just don't understand what happened.  he was the one that suggested we meet, and i thought he still cared about me, at least it sounded that way on sunday.  what happened?  i just need to talk to him.  i need to see it in his face that he doesn't want this anymore, and then i'll be able to move on.  but right now, i'm just stuck in limbo.  and i hate this.  this whole thing makes no sense to me.  i've thought about it over and over and it just doesn't make sense.  nothing was wrong, and then this, which makes me believe that it's not about me, it's about him.  he's freaking out.  but why have your dad lie to me?  why deliberately avoid talking to me?  that really hurts.  i mean, it's not like i was harrassing him or anything.  whatever.  this just hurts, and i don't know what to do about it.  and all i want to do is talk to him.  i need to know what he's thinking, what's going on.  this sux