           so yesterday i decided that i would call tim and wish him congratulations and good luck on his graduation.  i couldn't stand not hearing from him, and i figured that communication works both ways and it kinda felt like some sort of head game waiting for him to call me.  so i called him (i was hella nervous making that call) and i got his voicemail and left him a message.   he called me today (YAY!)  here's the play by play:  i was in friendly's with my family after church and i was finished eating (i ordered breakfast foods so mine came out first) and my phone rang (well, buzzed in my pocket actually) i saw it was him so i went outside to answer it.  the phone call was kinda awkward, but i don't see how it couldn't have been.  neither one of us knows what's going on in the other one's head, so we don't really know what to say to eachother right now.  he asked me how i was hanging in there, and i said ok (i wanted to say, 'well, i've been in agony, how have you been' but i thought i should keep things light and upbeat).  i asked him if he had to work last night cause he sounded tired, and he said that he did (which explains why he waited until today to return my call).  i congratulated him on graduation and he said thanks, and that he missed rehearsal, but i assured him that he'd do fine.  he thanked me for the graduation card that i said him, and said that the message was beautiful, and i told him that i meant it.  he suggested that we meet sometime this week for lunch or something, and i said that would be good, and he told me that he'd call me sometime this week.  and he kept asking me if i needed anything, and he asked me to promise that i'd call him if i did.  at the end of the conversation, we really didn't know how to end it.  we used to always end our conversations with I love you, but...  he said that he had to go cause he needed to get ready to go to graduation, and i said ok.  then he said that he'd talk to me later and i said ok..  then there was an awkward pause... then he was like, ok, i'll talk to you later, bye, and i said bye... and then there was another pause...  and then he said, um, alright i'll talk to you later and hung up.   so, i'm not sure what to make of the conversation.  he sounded genuinely happy to talk to me, and he sounded caring and concerned about me... there was a gentleness to his voice.  so that's good.  it was an awkward conversation, but like i said before, neither of us really knows what the other one's thinking, so...  i'm glad he suggested that we see eachother sometime this week...  i'm unsure about the lunch thing.  i mean, is this definate friend zone?  or is lunch an easy way to get together and talk?  i don't know...  i definately feel much better about everything right now.  i've talked to him (he's still alive)... he didn't sound cold or uncaring on the phone...  i will see him this week.  i hope that after we see eachother, we'll both have a better idea of what's going on...  i mean, i've just been in such limbo over the past week, i'd just like a firmer understaning of what he's thinking and feeling.  does he just want a break or a break up?  knowing one way or the other (even if it's the way that i don't want it to be) will be so much better than this not knowing crap.  i'm nervous and i can't wait to see him..  he probably won't call tomorrow...  i hope he calls by wednesday, if he doesn't call by then i'll start to convince myself that he really didn't want to meet me, but that he just said that..  although i'm sure that he does want to meet me...  i'm just not sure about where he wants to go with our relationship from here...   ah well, enough analyzing this for the night...