           i believe i have the upper hand...  after thursday tim didn't call.  i started to think that maybe this was his way of saying that he just really did want to break up and had no intentions of getting back together.  so i started to think about this whole thing in permanent terms, and i felt bad that maybe the last thing i ever would say to tim was that upset and accusing voicemail i left him on thursday.  so saturday while i drove down the northway on my way to pennsylvania, i left him one last voicemail.  i said that i didn't know what to make of thursday and that i couldn't understand why he didn't want to talk to me.  i said that the way he's handled everything left me in a state of confusion, and i needed to talk to him to get things cleared up, and that i deserved that from him.  i also said that i didn't want "us" to end badly, i thought that after five years we deserved more than that.  i told him that i was on my way to pennsylvania, and that i had some interviews this week and that i'd been thinking about apartments in albany and that there was one on madison ave that i think i'm going to look at.  and then i realized that i'd been blabbing so i just said that i hoped he was doing ok, and i hoped that i'd hear from him.  after i hung up, i was satisfied thinking that if that was the last thing i ever said to tim, it correctly showed how i was feeling and what i was thinking, and it wasn't weak or bitchy.   so i drove to PA...  the trip was uneventful.  i listened to my new minidisc player, it worked great :)  I love new electronics...  I had a good trip.  it was nice to see my mom and RJ again...  Saturday night we just hung around my Aunt Karen and Uncle Bobby's house driking tequilla :)  then Sunday we all pitched in to help Karen get ready for Nana and PopPop's party (it was at Karen and Bobby's house, but it was catered).  Everyone showed up early for the party, but it was a success.  The appetizers that mom and RJ made were great and the catered food was very good.  the weather cooperated the whole time, it was warm out (not too hot, not too cold) and it didn't rain.  Karen got a cake to look just like their wedding cake (it was beautiful) and a cake for my great uncle vince who's birthday happened to be that day (she got both cakes made by a local woman for $30, can you believe that?!).  My Aunt Denise made the cutest favors using a candle that looked like a little potted tulip and hershey kisses all wrapped in tulle and tied with a gold ribbon.  attached to the ribbon was a paper heart with "ned and jean 1952 - 2002" written on it and a tiny copy of their wedding photo.  That morning i checked my voicemail and tim had left me a message...  he sounded pretty nervous.  he said that he didn't know what to tell me about Thursday, he didn't mean to blow me off, and he does want to talk to me.  he said he was "shocked" about me looking for an aparment and said that he'd help me look for one...  he kept saying that he wanted to talk to me and he kept calling me hon...  then he said that he had to work sunday and monday night but that he'd call me monday...   then yesterday i got a message from him around 5pm...  he again sounded nervous, he tried to crack a couple jokes and sound normal, but he didn't really succeed at that...  he said that he had to work that night but that he wanted to get together with me some time later this week to talk and that he'd call me...  i bet he expected to hear from me by this morning when he left work, but i'm not calling him back.  i want him to call me...  and i'm sure he will...