           so today went well at my first day at my new job.  the job seems pretty easy, and i'm pretty sure that i'm going to love it...  i'm still nervous though, i want to do a good job...    so i'm doing much better today than i was last night...  last night i think i was in psychogenic shock (becky's term, i didn't come up with that on my own)...  i could barely stand or walk, i felt like i was in a daze and about to faint...  i couldn't eat (although i did force myself because i thought that would help - it didn't) and i felt like i was going to throw up everytime i thought of what happened....  i still kinda feel that way today...  eating holds no interest for me, and i still feel sick to my stomach anytime i think of it...   and there were a couple of times at work today when the room started spinning...  but it's much better than last night...    i can't wait to feel better, i've been so depressed over the last few weeks...  i've seriously lost 10 pounds, and i haven't been trying to lose weight at all...  in fact, i've been thinking that i've been eating way too much and way too many bad things...   i just still can't believe that tim is such an ass.  what the hell...  i mean, for almost five years he wasn't an ass.  and then he dumps me and starts up with this woman (yeah, so not a girl)..  makes me feel like complete shit, like he didn't care for me at all if he can just do that right away.  and then to lie to me?  why would he do that?  we're broken up, he might as well tell me the truth...  or did he still want to keep me hanging on in case he changed his mind...  and if i hadn't found the card, he never would have told me about it.  and i even kinda asked about it thursday at lunch when he said that he and anna went canoeing and he said "come on ali" like that was ludicrous...  and it's gross that he would still call me honey etc when he's been "seeing" someone else.  he obviously knows it's not something he should be doing and he's obviously embarrassed and ashamed to tell me the truth.  what a complete jerk.  he's hurt me so much.  i wish i could just stop loving him, i mean just stop now.  but i can't stop, and i can't stop hurting.  it'll be good when anger takes over, but for now all i can do is be shocked and hurt.  i'm so fucking naive...  i didn't think he would lie to me.  i trusted him.  i believed him when he told me that he still loved me too.