           Blah...  I get a random day off, and it's raining...  SUX...  So, I work at this place through a temp company where we grade tests from all across the US, wherever they have a contract with at the moment.  The stuff we grade are essay questions from standardized tests that the kids really don't want to take...  well, we just finished up grading writing tests from a Western state yesterday and we are going to begin grading tests from a Southern state next...  They began grading Science today, but I'm not grading those, so I got the day off (which kinda sux)...  I go back tomorrow to start grading Social Studies...  kids write the funniest things, cause they're all in a hurry to get stuff down (they only have 45 minutes per essay) and so they never go back and read what they've written...  or sometimes, they're just so self-centered that they don't realize what they've written sounds weird or wrong....  here are a few examples:   "I don't give a flying Swahili Showgirl what they think"  "I am one of those people who would mentally die if..."  "... friends seem to be changed as often as your underwear..."  (an 8th grade girl on puberty)"...girls are mocked as their chest grows larger and their monthly cycle arrives.  Boys can be chastised for their voices getting deeper and other unmentionable things."  "If you are popular like me, it's a little easier to grow up"  "I decided that I would ask my parents that night after sucking up"  "It hurt, but it was so cute"  (an 8th grader)"I was a real idiot, back in 7th grade"  "My whole life has gone to poop"  "In short, I think this whole censorship thing is gay"  "Curfew: a nice way of saying I don't respect or trust your decisions."  These Western kids do some weird things too...  there was one kid who wrote that his favorite toy from when he was a kid was a steel rod that was expandable, and that he used to like to sleep with it but it had to be under the covers so that it didn't fall out of bed and he liked the way the cold steel felt against his naked thigh and he would wake up wanting ice cream...  then he went on to say that one time he went out to the barn and shoved it down a sheep's throat but then the sheep swallowed it and he was sad...  but a few days later his dad came in with the steel rod covered in poop saying that the sheep had passed it and the kid was so excited that he took the steel rod into the bathtub with him to clean it off and he scrubbed his rod real hard to get all of the poop off of it... and then he brought his rod to school with him but a bully took it from him and started probing sheep with it...  that was the most disturbing essay I read, it was by an 8th grader...  eww...  i've heard that like 10% of kids that grow up on a farm engage in some form of beastiality, and that's so gross...