           so, tim's an asshole.  I feel so sick thinking of how he's treated me.  I deserve  so  much more respect...  I went to his house yesterday to help him out with his palm and when I got there he was just hanging up the phone with someone, saying he'd see them later or something...  and it didn't sound like he was talking to a guy...  so we went into his room and I started to try and figure out what was wrong with his computer.  being in his room was weird.  he still had the photos of us around, and on his bookshelf underneath his desk he had a book on buying engagement rings...  at one point tim was staring at something and when i asked him what he was thinking about he said he was thinking of the two of us in one of the pictures there...  i couldn't help but get depressed trying to figure out what went wrong.  His phone rang like three times while I was there and at one point he was gone for like 10 minutes on the phone.  and he kept going outside to smoke.  so one of those times when he was out of his room and i was waiting for his computer to reboot, i noticed a pile of cards on his dresser, and on the top was a card that looked like one i'd given him.  it was a small card with a picture on the front of two people kissing in front of the eiffel tower.  i picked it up to see what i'd written inside and it fucking wasn't from me.  it was from anna, one of his 'friends' from the hospital who just divorced her husband.  inside it started out saying "i'm falling more in love with you every day...  you came into my life as a friend and i know you'll stay that way" or something like that...  i was so hurt and shocked that i put it back and started shaking...  i took off his sweater and socks that he had given me to wear (it was cold in his room) and packed up my things.  when tim came back in the room he sat down on the bed and i confronted him.   i told him that i needed him to be very honest with me...  and i asked him if there was somebody else...  and he said yes.  i wanted to die.  then i asked him how long and he said a couple of weeks...  i pointed out that our relationship had only been over for a couple of weeks...  i was crying...  then he said that he wasn't fucking her or anything, but that she wanted to be more than friends and he didn't...  that she was looking for a rebound relationship and that he wasn't looking for a relationship at all...  he said that in five years there had never been anyone else and that he wouldn't ever cheat on me...  and i believed him...  he apologized to me...  i still felt horribly crushed.  i told him that i felt i was conspired against because i think that anna and jen hate me (although, i really don't know why.  i've never done anything to them, and i actually liked them before).  he said that no one helped him make his decision, he made it on his own, and that they didn't hate me, just that they thought that we weren't right for eachother (what gave them the right to tell him that, they didn't even know us together).  so then he said somthing about us being friends and being there for eachother and i told him that i can't.  i can't be his friend when i still love him so much.  he said ok and apologized for asking me to go to lunch with him and fix his computer..  i told him not to apologize because i accepted, i had thought that i could be his friend, but everytime i saw him or heard from him it got my hopes up...  he said that he wouldn't call me anymore, and that i should call him when i feel that i can...  i gave him a letter to read that explained everything i felt (it said that i couldn't do this anymore because he still talked to me like i was his girlfriend and it was his decision to end it and he was leading me on and keeping me hanging on and i was not going to be a back up girlfriend)  he walked me out to my car and in the garage i asked him for a hug, and he gave me a big hug, and then held onto me while we talked a little more...  then i kissed him, and he definatley kissed back but we stopped and talked more...  i told him that this hurt a lot and he said that it hurt him too....  he said to leave him my new number when i moved...  when i left he looked on the verge of tears.  when i got home, i saw that jen had posted a response to my last post, saying that anna was seeing tim.  i don't know what she thinks gives her the right to tell me that.  if tim hadn't already told me i would have really been upset.  that was horrible of her.  but she said seeing.  as in a relationship.  and tim said that there wasn't one.  i'm so sickened that he would lie to me like that.  how can he be in a relationship with anna when our almost five year relationship just ended, and he still tells me that he loves me but he doesn't want a relationship right now.  eww.  everytime i think of it i want to throw up.  i can't believe he's acting like such an asshole, he never was an asshole before.  how can he think of being in a relationship so fast?  where's the mourning period?  it's just a rebound thing that won't work and will hurt them both...   I'm just so sick to my stomach thinking of it.  I can't believe he lied to me like that.  why would he do that?  to keep me hanging on still?  i just can't believe he's such an ass.  i was being so honest with him and he lied to me...   well, now i have to stop thinking of this and get ready for my first day at my new job...  more later...  ali