           so today Becky and I went to Target (pronounced Tar-jay) to look at cheap-ass but stylish furniture with which we could furnish our cheap-ass but stylish first apartments.  (well, mine will be cheap-ass, i'm not an engineer like Becky).  Anyway, so Becky decided to purchase a cheap-ass but stylish 3 shelf bookcase.  It was small but it was labeled "team lift" so we both lugged it up to the register (the box was deceiving... it was really kinda heavy).  We heaved the box up on the conveyor belt and the cashier scanned it but left it there because it was heavy.  Becky proceeded to pay for her purchases while I waited by the box so I could help her lift it when she was set to go.  In the meantime, a big jabba-the-hut looking slob came up behind us with a few items in his hands.  This guy was gross looking...  he was very tall (I'm 5' 9.5" and he towered over me) and he was very round (I wondered how his bones and joints supported him).  He was sweaty, with stains on the front of his shirt and he had stringy, curly, long blond hair.  He saw me standing next to the shelf box while Becky was signing her credit card slip and said to me, "Do you think you can move that?"  I was annoyed that he asked me because the box was heavy and I couldn't moved it by myself, and there was a lot of room left on the conveyor belt (see diagram below) because the box was standing on it's side.  He could have put his few items on the belt beside the box, or hey, he could have waited a minute for us to move it because it's not like he was holding anything heavy.  He had like three things in his hands, and one was a loaf of bread.  So I said to him (and this came out  much  snottier than I meant it, I'm usually a very sweet person and I hate it when people are snotty), "Do you think you can wait a minute?"  Then he yelled at me, "Hey don't get snotty with me" which kinda scared me, cause he was  much  bigger than me and he looked like he could have been crazy.  I turned around to look at Becky for help and she hurried over to grab the shelf.  She said as we were walking away, "Sorry sir, but, it's not like we were going to leave it there forever."  As we were walking away he kept going on...  "you don't know me...  i've got back problems" and after he heard what Becky said he said, "you shut your mouth!"  Anyway, it scares me that there are wierd, inconsiderate people out there that will pick on young girls...