           so Friday at work i had to use the shredder (paper shredder, not teenage mutant ninja turtles villian) for the first time...  the shredder in my little office is an old industrial cross shredder that makes tiny 1/4 inch square confetti pieces and drops them into a bin located in the stand beneath it.  I fed about three documents into the shredder before i heard a giant grymph sound...  it, of course had jammed...  it then began beeping loudly and incessantly...  i'm thinking, "please don't let anyone hear, it's only my second day alone here, and i don't want them to think i'm an idiot"...  i figured out that the only way to stop the thing from beeping was to take the bin that the confetti falls into out of the machine...  so i took it out, made sure that it was set on manual mode and in the stop position and proceeded to try and clear out the jam...  i stuck my hand up in the scanner...  and out fell a pile of confetti about three feet in diameter and two feet high (ok...  so maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration...  but it was a huge pile of tiny paper pieces)...  so now i'm sitting there staring at a huge pile of confetti sitting on the floor of my office thinking, "great, what am i going to do with that?"...  so...  then i think, "maybe i can just push the cart on which the shredder sits on top of the pile and then no one will see it...  or i can be responsible and try and find the vaccum cleaner"...  so i figure that for now i should try and pick up the stray pieces around the pile, because the drs are at lunch and i don't know where the vaccum is...  so i kick of my shoes and kneel down on the floor in my skirt and begin picking up individual pieces of confetti and depositing them into the bin... and then Dr.W walks in and says, "anything exciting happen while i was gone?"  "the scanner blew up" was my reply...  he eyed me picking up individual pieces of confetti and said, "the vaccum's in the hall closet" before i had a chance to ask him about it.   I went to the closet which was about 14 inches wide and struggled to pull out the vaccum which was about 13.5 inches wide...  i lugged it into the office and proceeded to turn around in circles looking for an empty plug...  Dr.W came back in after i'd made my fifth sircle and pointed out the empty plug (right under my nose)...  after he left i tried to figure out the vaccum cleaner.  My vaccum at home is the canister type...  when you detach the hose from the power head thingy it automatically sucks through the hose...  well, apparently the standup type doesn't work that way...  i kept trying different things to make it work, but nothing would make the hose work...  and down the hall, i'm sure the drs heard the vaccum turning on and off... on and off..  i must have sounded like a complete idiot.  i couldn't ever figure out how to get the hose to work, so instead i kept reaching down and spreading out the confetti pile and then running the vaccum over it...   believe me, that story is  much  funnier when you hear it in person...  actually, you have to see me tell it, because there are all sorts of facial expressions and arm motions that go along with it...  so maybe you should read it again and imagine that i'm jumping around making erratic arm movements and exaggerated faces...