           so i ended up writing tim back.  i didn't want to not write him back and then have him feeling that i hate him but at least he apologized so his concience could be clear.  i wrote him and told him that i thought that cheating is the worst thing that one person can do to another in a relationship and that he left me feeling gullible and stupid.  i said that he'd destroyed any trust that i had in him and that after finding out how much he lied to me i didn't know if i could believe him when he says that he's sorry.  i said that i didn't want to dwell on it anymore and that i'm starting to enjoy being single again and i told him that i'm a forgiving person by nature who doesn't hold grudges and i hope that someday we can be friendly to each other but that now is too soon for me.  i needed to write the part about cheating because i wasn't sure if he knew that i knew he cheated or not.  well...  he wrote me back.  he didn't know that i knew, because in his reply he maintains his innocence.  he says that he broke up with me because he hadn't been happy for a while and didn't tell me cause he didn't want to hurt me and that anything else came after the fact.  he says that he didn't lie to me at all.  but that's a lie.  even if he didn't get together with anna until after we broke up (which i was told he was with her before he broke up with me) he still told me that there was nothing going on between them after we broke up.  he said that he wasn't involved with her, when he was.  he was telling her that he loved her, and you don't just tell that to someone you're just fucking or whatever.  i mean, regardless of whether or not he actully cheated on me, he still lied to me about being in a relationship with her after we broke up.  so now he's emailing me saying, i never lied to you, believe what you want...  whatever.  he did lie to me.  and if he'd just freaking admit him maybe i'd be able to have the littlest amount of respect for him.  but he's  still  lying to me.  argh.  i'm going to write him back one more time and then that's it.  everything else gets deleted.  i'm not sure what i'm going to say yet...  morelater