           so i just left for linens and things when some guys came with a big truckload of mulch saying that we ordered it.  but our dad had just gotten mulch last month and had just finished removing the pile from the driveway.  anyway, the one guy told my sister that the order he had said our address on it and so they dumped it.  then they asked my brother for a check for $107.  at this point i had to come back to the house and get things straightened out.  i pulled up to the side of the road and got out and started walking towards the two guys who were leaning up against their truck in my driveway.  i said, "do you have a work order?" and i guess i must have looked pissed cause the one guy said, "smile".  so i smiled and said, "do you have a work order?" and the guy was like, duh...  then he looked in his truck and found a slip of paper that had our address on it, but the last name and phone number was wrong.  when i told him this he realized that they'd made a mistake and started to get annoyed saying, well, i'm not shoveling that mulch back into the truck...  he tried to call the number that was on the paper but it was disconnected.  then he tried to call his boss, but he was out of the office for a minute.  so they had to wait around in our driveway calling their office intermittently trying to figure out what they should do.  we all kicked a soccer ball around the front yard while the one guy was asking me all sorts of questions.  "did you go to shen?" "when did you graduate" "did you know chris nichols?" "do you go to college?" "what did you study?" these two guys were weird looking.  the one that was asking me all those questions was younger, probably a few years older than me and he was a big guy - he said he played lacrosse and football when he was in school, but he wasn't very cute...  the other guy looked like he was straight off the farm or something..  he was small, with a weak chin and bad teeth...  finally they got through to their boss who told them to leave us the mulch for free and go back to the office.  it was entirely random.  so we ended up with 6 yards (a hell of a lot) of mulch for free. but it sucks cause now our driveway is half blocked again...