           so i hope everyone who reads my page had a happy 4th of July :)  I went to the commons to see the fireworks.  it was hella crowded, but i saw a lot of the girls i used to teach in guard.  they're so cute :)  the fireworks display was nice...  we were really close and they were like, right above us, so when you layed on the ground and looked up it looked like they were coming right at you.  i love fireworks, this is always my favorite holiday.  my favorites are the ones that sound like rice crispies and the ones that spiral and scream, oh, and also the ones that stay glittery for a while :)  i used to be terrified of fireworks when i was little.  i remember going to see them in pottsville and having cotten balls stuck in my ears because the big booms scared me so much.  my 7 year old brother, Alex, was afraid of the fireworks, and when they first started he jumped and sprayed powdered sugar from his fried dough all over me :)  there was a little girl right next to us who kept screaming also, the poor thing was terrified...  then one of the huge fireworks that's supposed to explode in the sky went off on the ground, it was hella scary.  it looked pretty cool, but it definately wasn't supposed to happen (i hope no one got hurt).  after that i spent the rest of the time afraid that something worse would happen (although i tried not to look scared for the sake of my little brother).  and then a piece of cardboard or something fell right next to that little girl who was screaming (which, evil me thought was really kinda funny...)  anyway...  spending the 4th with my family was a first for me in a long time.  when i was growing up i'd always gone to my mom's ouse for the summer, and then after high school i was with tim and we would always be together for the 4th - either camping or at a picnic or something like that.  i was kind of having a hard day yesterday.  i guess all holidays are hard after a break up, but i didn't think that the 4th of july would effect me really...  ah well.  i miss the old tim.  :(   i have to go to arizona this weekend.  my step-aunt victoria, who i haven't seen since i was 12 or so, is getting married.  i guess she also might have cancer, which is why the wedding is so sudden.  my step-grandmother is dying also, so it'll be good for me to go.  i haven't seen my step-grandmother since i was 6 or 7 when my mom and my step-dad (RJ) lived out there also.  I'm not looking forward to this trip.  With everyone dying, it doesn't seem like it's going to be too much fun.  and i don't really know these people.  i will get to see my mom, but she annoys the hell out of me.  she never wanted kids, and she's a horrible mother (i know, that seems rough, but it's really the truth).  she always seems so uncomfortable when she talks to me, it annoys me.  and we were going to take the same flight from Pittsburgh to Phoenix, but she switched to another one because it was a "better deal".  that's always the story with my mom... looking for a good deal.  so she saves like $50 or so but misses out on 4 hours that she could have spent with me.  she should want to spend that time with me, that should be worth more to her than money (and money is definately not a problem for her).  whatever.  she sucks.  i hope i don't end up like her some day.  i'll write more about her most likely when i return from my trip...  i'm leaving right after work today and i get back sunday night...  well, here's hoping none of my flights crash.  morelater...  ali