           so my bad luck with apartments continues :(    yesterday i called Park Row apartments, which are right down the street from where i work.  the complex is small, about a dozen brick buildings, and the buildings don't look all that great from the outside, but the location is  perfect  and the price is nice ($520 including ht/hw for a one bedroom).  So they said that they'd have a one bedroom available about mid-August, and I said that would be perfect and asked if I could make an appointment to come see it.  She told me to come the next day (today) at 1:15.  so then a few hours later they called me back and said that they rented that apartment, and it didn't look like they were going to have anything until September (and that would be a two bedroom).  but, they said that i could still come today to see an apartment just on the off-chance that something comes open.  So i went today, and it would have been perfect.  it's just the size that i was looking for (not too big, not too small... just right) and it was cute and clean.  so dammit.  so they took my name down and gave me an application and told me to go ahead and fill it out and send it in, and to call back every few weeks to see if something opens up.  i hope something does, cause that would be just  perfect .    sothen when i got home i figured that i should continue to call around (i don't want to put "all my eggs in one basket"  too  small bathroom, a very large living room and a large bedroom.  it was a pretty nice apartment, but it was too expensive: $650 including ht/hw...  then she showed me the studio, which was about the size of the one bedroom minus the living room.  so i'd be able to fit my bed, my desk, my dresser, possibly a table and maybe a love seat, but most likely just a chair in the living/bedroom.  but the price was pretty good: $545 including  all  utilities...  but i just don't think i'd be happy in a studio.  i mean, where would i go with company?  not that i think i'd be entertaining all the time, but still..  and really, it'd feel like a dorm room or my bedroom hear or somthing like that...  so blah...    so now i just hope that a one bedroom comes open at Park Row...  wish me luck... :)  morelater...