           so i went apartment hunting today.    Click here to see the pictures I took...   i met with eugene, who showed me three of his apartments.  yeah.  they were all holes.  i mean, they weren't as bad as they could have been, but they were all  tiny .  I met him at the building on South Lake street first.  I was excited to see what the apartment looked like, because the outside of the building was cute and it was right across the street from the park.  he had 2 apartments on the 3rd floor.  the first one he was trying to rent for $485.  it was a studio apartment that was just about the size of my bedroom here at home.  the bathroom was a closet originally i think, and the kitchen area was pretty scummy looking.  the room that was the apartment probably could have just fit my bed and pretty much nothing else.   the second apartment was right across the hall.  this one was a one bedroom he was trying to rent for $500.  the bedroom was very very tiny.  i don't think my bed would have fit in there.  the main room was nice, kinda big.  i guess if i rented that apartment i'd end up putting my bed in that room and using the bedroom for my computer/tv area.  the kitchen had a new fridge, but wasn't impressive beyond that and the bathroom was very small.  and to top it off, the hallway up to the apartment was very poorly lit and smelled pretty funky we then headed over to his other apartment which was on madison, about a block from St. Rose.  The location was great, and there was off-street parking, and the house that the apartment in was huge and beautiful... from the outside...  inside it was dark and the ceiling was leaking into a garbage can on the way up the stairs.  the apartment was a one-bedroom, but it was  extremely  tiny. The bedroom was about the size of my queen sized bed.  he kept insisting that it was measured and that any size bed could fit in there, but i think that if i put my bed in taht room it would have completely filled it.  the other room had a nice bay window on one side and the kitchen lined up on the other.  it was extremely small.  i don't think my bed could have fit in that room either, and i think that if i'd put a loveseat in there i wouldn't have room for a table.  so i don't know where i'd go with my computer or tv.  the bathroom had a tub in it, which could have been a bonus if the ceiling above it wasn't rotting into it.  and he wanted $500 a month for that place.  I thanked him for showing me the apartments, but i think he knew that i wasn't interested.  he can rent those to some kids that come up here from long island and who's mommy and daddy are going to pay the rent for them.   I never realized how spoiled i am until i saw those apartments.  i used to think tim was being kinda snobby for only wanting to look at apartments in complexes, but now i see his point.  my dad even admitted that this was one thing that tim was right about.  i should look for an apartment in a complex.  i've found a few that are reletively inexpensive, and compared to what i'd be paying for a shitty student apartment in albany it's really a much better deal.  i'll be able to find a much bigger, cleaner, and safer apartment looking in a complex.  so tomorrow i start calling complexes...  wish me luck :)  morelater