           so i got home about an hour ago, and i'm really not tired, but i better put myself to bed so that i'll be able to get up for work in the morning...  i kept a journal on my palm while i was on my trip, so following are the entries that i wrote...  morelater...   Friday 7/5: 930pm EST  106 degrees.  106 degrees.  that's damn hot.  that's the current temp in Phoenix.  we're about 20 minutes from landing (and it's hella bumpy).  I'm so disoriented because it's 9:25 my time but it's ass-bright outside the window because it's only 6:25 out here.  i tried to prepare for this by napping but it didn't work.  i only succeeded in sleeping for maybe a total of 20 minutes.  it must be ten times worse for my dad when he goes to Saudi, so i should stop bitching...     Saturday, 7/6: 245am EST landing in AZ was weird.  first all you could see was desert.  just sand and small-but-steep rocky, brown mountains as far as you could see.  in the desert you could see roads cutting thru the sand and the occasional trailer.  then suddenly there was the city.  the city of phoenix is all spread out and for the most part just looks hot.  there's no grass (except for sports fields).  as i was noticing all of the sand i couldn't help thinking of the part in episode 2 where Anakin is talking about how he hates sand b/c it 'gets everywhere' and i thought, 'Arizona looks like Tatooine' and then i thought that i was just a big dork. when we got out of the airport & walked into the parking garage it was like walking into the depths of hell.  the parking garage felt like a nyc subway station (except it didn't reek).  mom & rj had to make room in their trunk already b/c they'd been shopping in the few hours they'd been in Phoenix before me.  they shop more than anyone i know.  and they buy things not b/c they need them but b/c they're good deals.  blah we had dinner at rj's parent's house (where the wedding is & where we're staying).  we had Thai food that was pretty good from a restaurant called thaiphoon.  it was nice seeing my aunt victoria again, and the guy she's marrying, willy, seems pretty nice.  he's from Croatia & he's a pianist. tomorrow should be a nice day...  i must sleep now b/c i'm very tired...   Saturday, 7/6: 1110am EST  so it's 11am est which makes it about 8am here.  it doesn't sound like anyone else is awake.  i'm not too anxious to leave this room & have to make small-talk w/my step-grandfather either.  he seems nice enough, but i don't really know what to say to him.  he's spent the last few years watching his wife slowly die before him, and from what i've heard he hasn't really accepted the reality of her situation.  they say it's as if he expects her to magically just get up out of bed and be herself again.  in reality, that will never happen.  he doesn't seem too strong anymore either, and i wouldn't be surprised if after she dies he follows soon after.  it's very sad.  my mom & rj have been coming out here many times in the past few years to try & help out.  well, rj helps out anyways...  my mom sits around waiting to go out & shop, and complains afterwards that it was a very boring trip.  what an insensitive, self-centered bitch.  here her husband is trying to help out his ageing father & dying mother + my mom is worried about how bored she is and that she missed out on shopping. ugh...  anyway...  i guess i'll sit here and read or exercise until i hear someone else up.  morelater.   Sunday 7/7: 345am EST  saturday went well.  i exercised for a little when i woke up (and i'm still sore) and by the time i was done my mom & rj were up.  after breakfast we went for a swim.  my mom took forever trying to decide which bathing suit to wear.  like it mattered.  she ended up wearing a black strapless one that she complained about the entire time we were in the pool.  the pool is pretty cool.  it's an in-ground pool with the deepest part in the center.  i could stand at the deepest part & the water would come right to my chin.  the pool is bordered w/cobalt blue tiles, and there's a hot tub a level up from the pool that spills water like a waterfall into the pool.  the water was warm, but not unpleasant.  i got sun burnt (the 1st time in years) which pissed me off b/c i wore sun block.  we swam until about noon, when we had to hurry & get ready for the wedding ceremony. the ceremony was short, simple, and sweet.  there were a ton of old people guests (including some german doctor who was apparently smitten w/me) and they wheeled rj's mother out for the ceremony.  she didn't seem to be aware of what was going on b/c she just stared at the wall the whole time.  her face seemed to be frozen in a slightly scared expression & a blanket was wrapped around her (but you could still tell that she was nothing but skin & bones beneath there). one of her friends remarked at how vicki (rj's mom) would have loved to be in on all of the action.   it was kinda sad...  at the end of the ceremony rj's dad announced that 'vicki is doing well and is aware of everything that's going on, and her heart is overflowing with joy on this happy day' then she was wheeled back into her room.   after everyone left we (the family) went into the bedroom to see her.  with the blanket off of her you could see that her muscles were very rigid & that her arms were permanently crossed over her chest with her fists clenched.  she really didn't look alive anymore.  rj & his dad talked to her like she could hear & understand them, while she just stared around the room and periodically moaned.  at one point rj's dad said 'ok?' to her + it seemed like when she moaned she was trying to say 'ok' back.  he took that as proof that his vicki was still there.  i guess i'd like to think so too, but that seemed like a more automated response than anything considering her apparent level of awareness.  it just made me very sad, because he's going to such great extents to keep her alive when the vicki that he knew has been dead for a while.  and, what if her mind is still aware in there & she's trapped in her failing body?  that must be the worst kind of torture, especially considering the type of woman that she was.  she was a strong, beautiful, independent & outspoken woman.  i just don't think that she would want to live this way.  it's so sad... later on i went w/my mom & rj to see a movie.  we saw mr. deeds.  it was an ok movie.  maybe it was because i was over-tired, or maybe it was the caffiene high i was on, but at one point i was laughing so hard at deeds throwing cats out of a burning building that i was in tears...  that sounds pretty sick...  well it's late now & i have to get up early to go to brunch...  morelater   Sunday, 7/7: 515pm EST  i'm so annoyed w/my mom & rj...  they have no consideration for others whatsoever...  they had to stop at last chance, this bargain clothing store before they took me to the airport & they made me late (almost) for my flight.  they always get to the airport just in time to board the plane, but i can't stand that.  i get nervous that i'll miss my flight or something.  but no matter how many times i tell them that i need to be there an hour early they always make me late.  the flight's packed, and all that was left was a center seat - i hate center seats.  shouldn't be too bad though, both my seat sharers look like nice, normal people. we went to brunch this morning at the Arizona Biltmore hotel.  the building was very unique - it was designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.  there was a beautiful art glass piece just inside the lobby in his famous circles & lines design that we took pictures in front of. the table we sat at in the restaurant had these beautiful high-backed FLW chairs.  the food was excellent.  they had sushi, shrimp, crab, smoked herring and salmon at one table.  the next table had a (very cute) chef making omelets, and next to him there were waffles, french toast, bacon, sausage, and crepes filled with strawberries, peaches & blueberries.  across the way there was a chef waiting to carve slices of veal or venison, and next to that there was a table filled with fresh fruit (strawberries, blueberries, peaches, pineapple, honeydew, cantaloupe, mango, papaya, kiwi) & veggies (marinated portabella & shitake mushrooms, asparagus, artichoke hearts) & assorted breads & bagels.  and finally, there was the desert table...  key lime pie, banana cream pie, chocolate decadence, creme caramel, puffed pastries, cheesecakes, tarts, eclairs, white chocolate covered strawberries, little pots of creme brulee (my favorite), tiny parfaits...  i had such a hard time choosing...  i ate so much, and i had a lot of champagne, so i hope i don't get sick on this flight... the pilot is a freakin' comedian...  he made a joke that i feel was in poor taste about making an unscheduled turn towards dc.  how awful, no one thought he was funny...   Sunday 7/7: 735pm EST  those videos that they show on some flights instead of having the flight attendants give their spiel really crack me up.  the part where the o2 masks come down & the mother calmly + leisurely puts hers on while her daughter patiently waits is just so unreal, it's ridiculous.  i mean, we all know that if those masks come down there's not a person on the plane that's going to be that calm, so don't insult our intelligence.  the other part on that video that cracks me up is when the male flight attendant is modeling the yellow life vest 'that can be found under your seat'.  there's something so vaguely homosexual about him blowing into the red manual inflation tube.   my mom & rj gave me a $20 before i left so on this flight i paid the $5 to rent the headphones so i could watch the movie.  it was 'ice age' on this flight, which was cool cause i kinda wanted to see it, but i don't think i ever would have rented it.  it was a cute movie, there were some funny parts & there was one part that made me tear up (which made me feel stupid, here i am, sitting on a plane w/a bunch of strangers, getting all choked up over a cartoon). i'm bored.  the movie was too short (80 minutes) and there's still about an hour and a half left in this flight...