           so yesterday i went to lunch with some friends at Fresno's and they embarrassed me by having the waitstaff sing happy birthday to me (thanks carrie).  by embarrass of course i mean delighted, because really everybody complains when people sing to you but secretly enjoys it.  i even got a gift!  :)  they gave me cobalt blue dinnerware that will perfectly match the canisters that i have already :)  i'm very excited to have my own kitchen and be able to use it...  speaking of kitchens, i've decided to paint the table that i bought red.  "cranberry zing" to be exact.  i may decoupage the top of the table, but i haven't really decided on that yet.  but the table will definately be red.  i think a red table will look cool with cobalt blue dinnerware on top.  if i did decoupage the table, i'd use vintage advertisements...  well, copies of vintage ads...  especially liquor ads, because they're hella cool.  i bought a print of one that will go in my kitchen:     I've found a bunch of ads like that online, so i may print them out and use them for my table...  or, i could make placemats out of them, that way i could have them on the table when i wanted them, and if i got sick of them i could remove them...   that's  probably a good idea....    my mom sent me shoes in the mail today.  when we were in AZ i saw a pair of steve madden shoes that i'd been lusting after for a while at that last chance store, but they weren't in my size, but i guess my mom found them in my size on a later trip :)  they kinda look like a cross between running and bowling shoes but they're red and they're clogs.  they're lovely.    I looked at another apartment today.  in the paper it was advertised as $545 but after i saw it and decided it was perfect they informed me that it was $580, which was hella annoying.  and it didn't include any utilities, and it was electric heat, so that would be too much.  ah well.  the search continues....     well...  i'm bored.  but it's too late to go out and start cleaning the table and getting it ready to be painted....  ah well...  my birthday is the day after tomorrow.  YAY!  but...  i'll probably be depressed (and not cause i'm getting older)...  i was watching the history channel earlier and it just made me miss tim...  i used to love to be lazy with him and do nothing but lay in bed and watch tv (especially the history channel or TLC or the discovery channel...)  but i guess that was old tim and evil/darth tim has killed him.  damn darth tim.