           Camping...  continued...  Saturday: so beck and i woke up early saturday because the ground was hard...  we went to the pancake house for breakfast and paid exorbitant prices for decent food.  I had a hot chocolate that came in a large, brightly colored mug with whipped cream, sprinkles, and a cookie...  it looked like a kid's drink (which was kinda embarrasing) but it was really good (it should be, for $2.50)...  then we went shopping at the outlets (yeah, we were roughing it camping...) where becky got two pairs of really cute red shoes.  I've decided that red shoes are lucky for me, so i hope they're lucky for Beck as well...  the one pair was from the nine west outlet and they were hella cute and hella cheap: they're red patent leather high heels and they were only $20...  i should have got a pair as well...  anyway...  Eric and Sarah were at camp by the time we got back from shopping so we all went to price chopper and the liquor store and got "essentials"...  we went to the beach later on where eric and sarah made a turtle in the sand and we all went in the lake...  you couldn't really swim in the swimming areas because even the "deep" part only went up to your knees, and the lifeguards were hella paranoid.  they were blowing their whistles every two minutes telling kids to get away from the ropes etc...  we had a good time though...  later on we went back to camp and made hot dogs (and eric tried to make chicken kabobs that he got at Price Chopper but the chicken chunks were too big and it took forever to cook)...  becky introduced me to Gin and Tonics which are hella yummy and perhaps my new favorite drink (and they're hella easy to make, too).  later on, beck and i walked into the village and got tarot readings done (yeah, they were bad wrong... mine said that i was supposed to get back together with tim <- whatever) and then had an old-time photo taken (we dressed as whores)...  when we got in front of the camera they asked us if we wanted to hold guns, bottles, or cards and i said "bottles" right away (and then we laughed cause it was a little obvious that we'd been drinking)...  we were pretty much on the verge of hysterics when they were taking the pictures...  at one point he asked us to be serious and i was like, "i don't think we can!"  anyway...  the picture came out pretty good (i'll scan a copy and post it with the rest of the camping pics)...  The rest of the trip was pretty uneventful...  we had a great time though :)  maybe we'll go again, but like camp outside of hershey park next time or something...  morelater...