           so camping was great....  i'm going to post the (few) pics i took soon.    Friday:  There was no way that Beck was going to make it on time from Poughkeepsie in the upstate bound traffic to meet me in CP and leave in time to make it to the campsite before 9 (we had to get there by then or we'd lose the reservations).  so we decided that i should go up ahead and set up camp and then Beck would meet me up there.  So I rushed around my house, throwing crap in my car and then ran to wal-mart and bought a lantern and a tent (yeah, i didn't have one until about a half hour before i left to go camping) and then raced up to Lake George.  I got to the campsite at about 20 after 8 and immediately began to set up the tent.  It was hella easy to set up, and it was much cuter than i thought it was going to be.  It has mesh on two sides and the rain fly is clear plastic at the top so you can still see the sky with the rain fly on, and it came with a "gear loft" which could hold a flashlight so you could light the interior of the tent.  I was happy with it, and it only cost me $40 :)  anyway...  so by the time i finished setting up my tent and my cute amazing camping love seat (which i got back from tim...  yeah, there's kinda a story there...  maybe i'll post about that later...) it was pretty dark out.  so i got my new lantern from the car and turned it upside down to put the batteries in - and the two flourescent tubes fell out.  i picked them up and put them back in thinking that it was poorly made, and then i realized that there was a piece missing.  it didn't have a top part which conneceted to the tubes so it wouldn't work.  i was hella annoyed.  so then i had to sit there in the dark alone until beck got there (luckily she brought a lantern) ...  we hung out at the site for a little bit and then walked into the village.  it wasn't far at all, but it was kinda raining and there didn't seem to be that many people out (and the bars were all playing lame-ass slow music) so we went back to camp and sat in the tent drinking and talking until we were so tired that all we were saying was nonsense (i started to tell becky about a hyper hi-liter and then i realized that i was pretty much asleep).   I just got hella lazy and i don't want to post anymore.  blah.  i'll write morelater...