           well, the boyfriend broke up with me (that's what the earlier post was all about).  I'm so sad...  i'm broken :(  we were going on 5 years together.   5 years   and i still love him so much.  this hurts.  a lot.  i don't really get what happened either...  we were good, i thought...  he broke up with me once before and we got back together.  last year right around this time (actually  right  about this time).  LIke, this could be like the 1 year anniversary of it.  Last year he said that he thought we weren't in love anymore and that we were growing apart and that we should take a brake...  he ended up calling me a week later and apologizing.  but this year...   it all started last night after the wedding (not ours.. our friends')...  everything went well at the wedding.  he looked sexy in his tuxedo and i looked pretty hot myself in a new dress and spiffy hair.  we had a good night...  we danced to the slow songs looking in eachother's eyes...  we were planning on doing something today...  but then when it was time to leave i asked him if he was coming over to my house, cause we hadn't been able to see eachother all week.  he said no 'cause he was just too hot and tired... and then i got depressed and made him feel bad about it.  i do - did - that too much.  when he couldn't come over, i'd make him feel bad, and that's really not nice.  of course, people tell me that he should want to come over more... but i think he does, he's just so busy.  ...anyway...  so after i got upset that he wasn't coming over, tim said that he'd been thinking about it for awhile, and he thought that we needed to take a brake from eachother...  this was at like 1230am in a mighty chilly, dark parking lot after we'd both been drinking at the reception.  i freaked out (a valid response) because i completely hadn't seen this coming...  he didn't want to talk about it so i asked him if i could meet him today in a neutral place to discuss.  he agreed...  i went home and cried myself to sleep  so today he called me around noon and we agreed to meet at 3pm at the Vischer Ferry Nature Preserve.  so we met there and Tim tried very sweetly to explain that he needed time for himself to figure himself out.  he said that he still loved me but that he thought that we could both benefit from some time apart.  I can't remember exactly everything that was said...  we haven't been able to see eachother very much lately (which was actually a major problem that led up to last year)...  Tim had a very hectic schedule with school and work and my work schedule is less than ideal in that i don't have any set pattern, i work when i get hours.  now tim is graduating and starting his new job working full-time nights and he doesn't think that we'll be able to see eachother at all...  i see his new schedule as an opportunity to see eachother more.... now he'll just be working instead of working  and  going to school...  i'll have to be doing both in the fall, but we will have time together... we'll have days off and weekends...  or we would.  and we were planning on moving in together, so we'd be seeing eachother more.  i just don't understand...  we'd been talking about it forever... he asked me to move in with him...  he told me on new year's that he was going to propose to me this year, and now he acts like he doesn't love me anymore...  he says he does, but he needs space.  he thinks the romance has gone from our relationship...  i don't think so.  i mean, we're not all over eachother all the time, but we have been together for over 4 years...  he wanted to hold my hand when we were walking, and at one point i referred to him not being my boyfriend anymore and he said he still was and when he left he hugged me and kissed my forehead....  so i'm confused.  i mean, if he's breaking up with me then he's not my boyfriend...  i still love him and still want him and still want him to be my boyfriend, but if he really doesn't feel the same way then there's nothing that i can do about it. Tim isn't happy with himself right now and he's nervous about starting a new job.  I asked him if I made him unhappy and he said no, so i don't understand how dumping me will make him happier with himself.  i guess i see his point about us not seeing eachother much, but i've always just known that it would get better someday, and i thought that with his new job it would get better soon...    also, we'd been doing so much planning about getting an apartment together... we'd been going out and shopping for our "10 dollar appliance of the week" and getting other assorted items for the apartment...  he hasn't said a thing about being unhappy.  this just all came so out of the blue, it's such a shock...  i feel like everything is falling apart...  i miss him already and i'm just  so  sad.  i thought that we shared the same vision of the future and now it's falling apart, and that's so scary...   all i want is to be with him.  he makes me happy, and i'm so sad so my first thought is to go to him, but he doesn't want me.  this hurts so much.  everything reminds me of him.  i look around my room and see the collage he made me of pictures of the two of us and our family and friends hanging above my bed, pictures of him on my wall, on my dresser, on my desk, all the pooh bears above my desk that we collected together, the stereo he gave me, my dresser that he stripped the white paint off and stained for me, my bed that he helped me put together (and, of course, there are other memories associated with that bed), even the shirt that i always wear to bed was Tim's...   everything  reminds me of him...  as if i need reminding... i'm always thinking of him.  i just don't know what i'm going to do...  i love him, and i don't want to lose him, but i guess i have.  i just saw a commercial on tv for the three diamond anniversary ring ("for the past, the present and the future") and i just started bawling all over again.  this hurts so  so  bad.