           so the move went well...  it was hot, which was annoying, but we got the job done quickly...  i was so dirty, sticky and hot by the end of the night...  my first night in my place was ok...  becky stayed for a while and helped me arrange my living room and then we watched saturday night live.  i thought i was going to be scared alone in my place cause it's an old building and i have an overactive imagination (yeah, i was afraid i'd see/hear/imagine ghosts...) but i was ok.  one weird thing: it looks like someone scratched "hi" into the upper part of the bathroom wall a few times, which would be wierd.  becky said that i was just looking at the wall too closely.  i just hope that it wasn't some ghost trying to be friendly and now i ignored him and he'll be mean.  ok, i'm being rediculous, i realize that.  there are no ghosts in my apartment.  (hopefully).   i still have a ton of boxes to unpack.  my kitchen is pretty much unpacked and my clothes are all unpacked, but now i have to unpack and assemble my computer and put away all my books and other assorted nicknacks...  i also have to hang pictures and get a few throw rugs and plants so that it seems more like a home...  my apartment is hella cute to begin with , and it's just going to be so damn cute when i'm all unpacked :) so i don't have cable yet, which means that i'll be going home everyday to watch trading spaces until i get cable (just kidding...  hopefully...)  my antenna picks up pretty decently on my tv, and i probably would be able to live without cable, except for then i couldn't have road runner and there are no dsl services available to me, so i think i'm going to have to bite the bullet and get it.  that means that i'll have to pick up at least one extra shift a month at the hospital to pay for it, which sucks, cause i really hate working there.  but i guess it's worth it to be able to watch trading spaces and surf the internet at high speeds from my own place...  but for now i'll have to get my fill of internet at the office (isn't hard...  i'm always hella bored here...).  i was hosting my page off of my computer, but as you can see i've moved it temporarily...  i'm hosting the page that directs you to this new location from my old url on my machine at work cause the server i use (tiny.exe) is, well, tiny and easily hidden here...  i hope to find a new location for my page - possibly on my brother's server - soon...   the nimo guy comes today to switch over the electricity to my name and turn on the cooking gas.  i have to rush home cause he's supposed to be coming between 1 and 3 and i get out of work at 1.  both of my bosses are out of the office today, so no one would notice if i left 5 minutes early (hopefully).  with my luck if i don't rush home i'll miss him and if i do rush home he won't get there until 3...  whatever.  i have to make some lemonade so i have something to offer him...  :)  i'm nervous about cooking on a gas stove because i've never used one before...  well, here's hoping i don't blow myself up...  i don't have a microwave, so i'm going to have to learn quick...  it's funny, i felt it was more important to buy myself a dvd player for my living room (i have a dvd drive on my computer, but my computer's not in my living room so i was either not going to be able to watch dvds from my sofa or i was going to have to snake a cable down the hall) than to buy a microwave, and the dvd player was $90 while a microwave is like $30 or $40...  ah well...   this was a long post...  i suppose i should at least pretend to do some work for a while... bleh...  morelater...