                 EWWWW!!!  That ugly, ugly thing was on the canopy of my bed last night.  ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew ew!!!!!!   ON THE CANOPY OF MY BED!!!!!!   i just can't express how freaked out grossed out panic stricken i was when i saw it.   i have seen this evil bug before.  one time when i came home from an extra shift at the hospital it was on my kitchen door  on the inside  and it crawled - no streaked - by me and i had to flick it out into the porch with a sponge.  another time i saw it on the porch when becky was here, and she went up to it and freaked out when she got a better look at it and it ran.  eww, it runs really fast...  ugh.. bleh...  ew...  yeahso, last night i was laying in bed reading when i noticed it was sitting there on one of my side panels of my canopy looking at me.  it was so hella gross...  after much freaking out and a panic-y phone call to becky i finally mustered up enough nerve to flick it off my canopy using an old shoe.  it flew across the room and into the windowsill.   becky instructed me to spray some sort of poison at it, so i got out the formula 409 and sprayed away...  and the evil thing lived!   and it  ran at me!!   then i absolutely freaked out and sprayed it a bunch more then finally when it looked like it was heading for under (and then up?) my bed i smashed it to a pulp with a shoe.  i thought i was going to die.  i thought i was going to pass out and then it would crawl on me.  ew ew ew ew ew...  ew.  so i looked up centipedes while i was at work today and i found out that 1) they're carnivores (ew) who kill their pray with poison and shove them into their mouth with horrible mandibles. 2) they move extremely fast (yeah, witnessed that) 3) they're common in older houses (great) 4) they're ugly (well, i devised that on my own...) 5) they normally don't harm humans, but if they do, their bite will sting and swell up (oh. my. god.  if i ever saw one of those things on me....) and 6) they eat spiders.  this is a bug so horrible that it eats those horrible horrible ugly disgusting scary evil things.  but now i wish that it had just hung out on my porch so i didn't have to kill it so it could continue to eat any spiders that would try and eat me.  but it was on my bed.  it had to die.  ugh.  ew.  i had the worst time getting to sleep after that episode, i felt a creepy-crawly and i thought it's family was going to come and kill me.  or just crawl on me.  ew.  ew. ew. ew. ew.ew....  and the whole room was filled with formula 409 fumes, so i think i got brain damage...