            11:55am  work today has been ok, with the added bonus of both doctors going to lunch for the last hour that i'm to be here.  so now i can just relax without having to worry about looking busy.    was just informed by dave, guy who does the billing, that i get free "accidental death and dismemberment" insurance coverage of $3500.00.  so great.  if i get dismembered my dad gets $3500, which sadly is not nearly enough to begin covering my assorted debts.  he should throw a cheap funeral, so he gets to keep most of it.  perhaps he can have me turned into a diamond as in article i found last week...  cannot think of who i'd want to keep me though.  not my mom.  not my sister.  damn.  cannot wait for the day to come when i can put down a significant other instead of my father as a beneficiary.  tim had named me as a beneficiary on his life insurance policy through work.  said i was his fiancee.  he certainly used to like to throw that word around.  ass.  i guess i could have him killed and get bonus money out of the deal because he probably never changed the policy...    have found the best radio station to listen to at work.  i have it streaming over the internet.  it's 99.9 the hawk out of easton, pa.  "classic hits without the hard rock."  i like "the hard rock" a lot but it's probably not appropriate for at work, so this is perfect.  only problem is, i keep getting excited about sales/contests/promotions that i hear on the station and then i realize that these are all occuring somewhere in pennsylvania...   now that song that i can't understand the words is playing...  what are they saying?  i swear its, "wrapped up like a douche" but that's pretty gross, and i'm sure that's not really it.  becky says that it's "wrapped up like a deuce" but i don't understand what that would mean either.  although, she's probably right.  i'll just go on singing douche though...    guy just came to window of my office to check in.  when he left it smelled like really strong gum and faintly of cigarettes and cologne.  just like tim...  i hated that he smoked, but that's just exactly the same way that he'd smell when i'd hug him.  miss old tim.  hate evil, darth tim.  should freakin' let it go.  will stop thinking of it.  now.