           class tonight was ok.  i don't think my teacher likes me.  she may have heard a comment that i made to another student during the break about having an incredibly funny line from a book pop into my head while the prof was lecturing and having to fight from laughing out loud randomly in the middle of class.  that could piss her off, knowing that i apparently think she's so uninteresting that i'm thinking about lines from books i've read.  then when i was talking with some people about trading spaces i noticed her looking at me with what i thought to be a very patronizing expression on her face.  and then during the last part of her lecture i started yawning (through no fault of hers, she was interesting, i just needed more oxygen) and she stopped class early because "people were yawning."  she hates me.  that sucks.  i'm going to have to participate more next time so that she'll like me (that will probably backfire as i'll most likely say something she thinks is stupid or doesn't agree with...)  i've decided tonight to never name anyone susan as they will turn out to be either a) a bitch or b) dumber than bricks.  there's a dumber-than-bricks-susan in my class who kept making all sorts of vaguely off-topic comments about her personal life/experiences.  people like that are so annoying.    there is this guy in this class who i think is pretty good looking, and i noticed him last time also...  he's tall and it's obvious he exercises a lot or plays sports, and he's apparently taught some high school regents course so that makes him probably a little older than me.  we've made eye contact a few times, and if i wasn't so shy (or if i was a little drunk) i'd start a conversation with him...  but i completely didn't tonight when i totally have the chance...  when we were walking out of the building we were practically walking right next to each other, but i didn't say anything...  i'm so disappointed in myself...  driving home, i passed him walking in the same direction as my neighborhood.  becky says that next week i should offer him a ride.  i don't know about that yet.  i mean, he seems nice in class, but he could be a murderer or something.  next class i resolve to sit next to him, or at least say hi during the break.  i must get over this annoying shyness.