           From Tuesday 9/3/02:   4:30pm  am sitting in my car in the middle of the parking lot with my left blinker on waiting for the woman who got into her shitty blue car on the left to back out.  hate following people in parking lots to find parking spaces, but if i didn't do it tonight i'd never get a spot.  she got into her car and turned it on right away, but now she's just sitting there.  class is starting now.  she saw all of the cars combing the lot for spots and stalking people as they strolled to their cars.   it's been 10 minutes now.  cars are going around me.  stop doing that!  she'll never pull out now! finally!!  she's pulling out!  i mean, what  was  she doing?  writing her thesis?  come on lady, let's go.  you've inhabited that spot long enough...  now to class...     4:45pm  had to walk into class (philisophical foundations of education) late.  very embarrassing.  (so is my spelling).  at least my name is at the end of the alphabet, so i didn't miss saying 'here' for attendence.  the prof just asked if i came in late (yes) had to go to front of the room to get paperwork that was already handed out. how am i the only one who couldn't find a spot?  when did these people get here?   5:15  this class definately has the potential to be boring...  i think my prof is a priest.  i can't tell.  he doesn't dress like one.     5:45  ok.  definately a priest.  either that or people just like to call him father gulley.     6:05  bugbites.  lots of bugbites.  all over my ankles.  pants keep brushing them and making them itch.  going to die.  or scratch right through my skin.  don't think about it.  how did i get so many?!  i did go to the country drive in last night for ice cream, but i was wearing long jeans and long sleeves.  it was my damn shoes!  i have billions of big, honkin', but oddly enough perfectly circular bugbites all over my ankles.  viscious, blood-sucking bugs.  what purpose do they serve, really?  spreading disease?  i just remembered an article i read earlier today at work that said 10 - 15 people a year die of the plague in the US.  spread by bugs.  i am suddenly certain that perfectly circular welts indicates presence of the plague.  i am going to die.  at least there's a priest here.      6:10  now we're watching a video, "see dick and jane lie cheat, and steal."  Tom Selleck is the host.  definately of the "three men and a baby" or perhaps "three men and a little lady" era.  his hair looks plastic.  they keep showing him standing next to a crib.  what was the baby's name in that movie?  something british sounding i think...   gotta love all of these late 80s/early 90s styles.  mullets abound!   they just described the area around ithaca, ny as "the rustic tranquility of rural new york state."  ok. i don't know much about ithaca, but i know it's a college town, and i'm thinking it's not really all that rustic.   ok, they just showed a clip from "he-man."  that rocks!  what a stupid looking hero he was.  he had girl hair.  i loved that show.  i liked she-ra more though.  but you couldn't beat that scene in every he-man episode where he was in front of the castle thing with his sword raised above his head...  i think i'm the only one in this class that appreciated the he-man clip.  everyone's so lame.   some girl wearing a tiny jean mini-skirt, a tube top, a ton of makeup and huge hoop earrings just tried to sound smart by saying "how can they morally and ethically conduct an experiment where they deprive the control group of these great programs!  do they get them later on?"  she seemed really insensed (spelling?) that the kids in the control group might be missing out on something.  i just wanted to shout DUMBASS in a big/loud voice.  you couldn't conduct an experiment like they did without having a control group, i don't think she understood what a control group was. the teacher just kind of looked at her and said, "right" and asked if there were any other comments.  people are so dumb.     9:42  i am incredibly pissed.  in my second class we met in the library and had a short lecture, then we were "set free" until a certain time when we were to come back and discuss our topics for our research proposal with our teacher.  we had to draw the times out of a shoebox.  i, unfortunately, drew 9:25.  i waited around till then and then found out that he was running over 20 minutes late, so i had to stay till 9:45 (when class would normally be over) to find out that i'd wasted my time and i'd have to meet with him next week.  i could have been home, watching american idol (you've got to have your trash tv...)