           so.  haven't posted in a while.  i'm lazy.  worked the overnight shift saturday night at the hospital.  i so love working overnight.  i can just sit there alone at the desk and do my work or read or desperately try to stay awake...  that's what it was like at 6am sunday morning.  i wanted to die.  i finally flagged someone down to sit for me while i "went to walk around a bit".  yeah.  i snuck down to the lounge at the end of the hall and slept for 15 minutes.  and when i woke up i was all scared and disoriented.  but i was much better getting back to work.    something weird always happens when i work overnight.  this time there was some woman from room 228 who couldn't sleep apparently because she was up and walking around all night.  she was tall and was wearing a red flowered housecoat and walked with a walker.  the first time she came up to me she wanted me to call her church, our lady of fatima - but not the one in schenectady, the other one - and let them know that she was in the hospital, cause sometimes they forget to tell the parish.  and last time they told the wrong one, and she got visited by the wrong priest.  oh my god.  so i explained to her that since it was 3am i didn't think i should be calling her church and how about she go to bed?  but she stood there and talked and talked and talked until i wanted to die or kill her and then thank god the phone rang and i had to answer it and she left.  then she came back later with a braid of hair.  apparently she had cut her hair and kept it in a braid and she was going to give it to the little girl next door so that she could wear it on her head like a crown.  frankly, i was horrified at the thought of some little girl wearing old lady hair on her head like a crown but all i said was, "that's nice."  she talked some more while i smiled and nodded and wished i could be rude until finally she left again.  i saw her a few minutes later cornering a respiratory therapist down the hall showing her the braid...  later on she was back again with butterfly clips in her hair.  they were glittery and on springs so they looked like odd alien antenna on either side of her head.  at that moment i decided that i will never become old.  i never want to be a lonely, crazy old lady wondering around the hospital talking to people and making them feel uncomfortable or bad for me.    also all night the lady in 212, which is the room directly across from where i have to sit all night, moaned all night long.  and her name was elly, so when people were complaining about her i thought they were talking about me all night and i was very paranoid and thought they were being very rude talking about me right in front of me like i couldn't hear them until i realized that they were saying elly and not ali.    also the guy in 209's heart rate kept dipping down to like 38 which scares the shit out of me especially when they're not a dnr, so i had to keep calling down the hall so that the nurse could go in and check on him at which point he would wake up and his heart rate would climb back up to 60 until he fell asleep and it would slowly slide back down to 38 and we'd start the process all over again.  i wanted to just shout "dude, wake up!" into the intercom into his room every time that happened, but i didn't think that would be very professional.  one of the amazing residents asked, "who's that?" while he was watching the monitors over my shoulders (always makes me uncomfortable, especially when i obviously haven't been paying attention, or i've been reading/doing homework) and when i told him who it was he said, "oh.  he was in the unit.  he's dying." and then left.  i was disturbed by that.