           had a not so great start to my school night today.  got to class a few (3) minutes early to find everyone else already sitting there filling out a survey.  when do these people leave there houses?  why am i  always  the last one there, even when i'm early?  class started and i quickly discovered that i had neglected to do the homework.  was supposed to bring in pictures from magazines illustrating different types of philosophies.  had to hide against the back wall pretending to be completely interested in everyone elses work.  felt like a complete idiot.  obviously father gulley noticed i didn't contribute at all.    second part of class was a video lecture by howard gardener on multiple intelligences.  was actually interested in watching lecture, so of course the power randomly went out.  sat in semi-darkness waiting for power to return for 10 minutes before father gulley decided that it was a sign to leave.  got into dark hall lit only by security lights to have security guard walk up behind me and yell "building's closed" and make me jump out of my skin.  followed the stream of students outside the building to wait around trying to decide if later classes were to be held.  was informed by passing fireman that classes were cancelled, but didn't believe him.  i don't know why, really, i mean, there was a  fireman  in gear on campus.  generally that means something's gone awry.  followed a group of students who were in my second class also to library to seek out professor to see if we were having class but he was out to dinner.  we decided to wait around for a while.  there were tons of kids milling about campus.  by the gym there was a group of unusually tall young men who i thought were probably basketball players or something like that who were hanging out trying to act all cool while the young undergrad girls in tank tops walked by.  but they were disrupted by the appearence of a bee which made them scatter and yell like little girls.  it was really a funny site, especially because the bee was a giant carpenter bumble bee that doesn't sting.  some smaller guy walked by and informed them as such, and they shrugged off their fear and slowly returned to their bench.  wish i had a video camera...    my teacher for tomorrow night came walking by and informed us that there was a transformer fire somewhere on western avenue, and that all of the buildings were losing power one by one and that classes were cancelled for the evening.  after that some frazzled-looking administrative type person came walking by with official notices and tape sticking out of her mouth (odd that she carried these things in her mouth, really, because she did have a free hand) and informed us 'officially' of the cancelling of classes.  was happy to not have to go to second class, but annoyed that i spent all afternoon worrying and working on crap for it only to have it cancelled.  also am now annoyed that i'm randomly home on a tuesday night and  that 70s show  isn't on b/c of baseball.