           i was just reading what i wrote in my journal 2am sunday (after getting back from going out) and i can't figure out why i felt the need to write anything in my drunken state.  it's very hard to read...  we (becky, her brother alex, and i) went to see a double feature of spiderman and men in black 2 saturday evening, and afterwards we went to the hill street cafe which is really a bar but it's called a cafe.  the music was decent (there was one of those touch screen juke box thingys there and most people didn't play suckage although there was an awful lot of grateful dead) and the fries with gravy were excellent as far as i could tell (but i was drunk by the time they got to us).  i think i was the only one of the three of us that got drunk 'cause i was drinking gin and tonics and they were drinking beers...  anyway, so when i got home i guess i felt the need to recap the evening in my journal, and the writing is just too funny.  i rant for like a page and a half over how awful kirstun dunst looked in spiderman and how if i were her i'd kill the hair/makeup person.  i mean, really, she had no upper lip in most of the scenes.  and the shade of red was all wrong for her skintone, she just looked sick.  when i brought this up to beck and her brother alex said that she was supposed to look girl-next-door and not over the top hot.  yeah.  well.  girl-next-door shouldn't mean sick looking with no upper lip and constantly squinting.  my other writings from that night are about this couple who was sitting across from us at the bar.  they were kind of dressed the same: jeans and white shirts, and the girl was all over the guy.  she was on his lap at one point.  then some fat guy came over and started talking to the guy and the girl seemed to lose interest...  we couldn't believe the guy didn't just tell the fat guy to go away.  then later when the girl was back on his lap again the fat guy asked the guy if he could sit on his lap too..  the couple left shortly after that (although we were speculating that the guy waited too long and now the girl was just going to pass out).  i went to sleep then, but everytime i woke up during the night i felt the need to write more...  it's kind of interesting watching my writing get more coherent as i sober up...