           beh.  finally finished with the paper.  so glad to be done with that so i can goof off again...  actually, i have something due for tomorrow evening, but hey, I have all day tomorrow to take care of that, don't I?  soyeah...  this weekend was pretty cool.  got to go out friday night (to the parting glass in saratoga) and had a good time...  beck and i went with her brother (alex) and their friends steve (a state trooper) and (matt) neary.  the drinks were good, but i'm not all that into irish music...   alex and i had that white stripes song, hotel yorba (1,2,3,4, take the elevator at the hotel yorba i'll be glad to see you later, all they got inside is vacancy) stuck in our heads all night (it was on in the car on the way to steve's) but we didn't know all the words so we'd just start singing it periodically and bouncing our heads around and beck would get all weirded out cause she didn't know that song...  the next night i played it for her so she could get it stuck in her head too, i'm such a good friend... it's such an insidious song, you can completely forget it and then all of a sudden it pops back in there and doesn't leave... afterwards we stopped by the troop station to take breathalizer tests.  i can't believe cops do shit like that in their off time...  :)  so kinda supertroopers...  soyeah...  breathalizers sound like those wierd whistle toys that you used to get as prizes at fair games...  it's just too funny that they sound that weird, i'd freakin crack up so bad if i was ever really given one (i mean, they know you're drunk when they're giving it too you anyway...) so after we confirmed that we were drunk we went to steve's house...   i didn't get much sleep that night...    i didn't sleep when i got home either so i was really out of it pretty much all day saturday...  beck, alex and i went to the fireworks that evening in halfmoon (it was 'halfmoon day'), which were pretty cool...  the fair part was pretty lame.  they had some weird game where they put a rat on a flat wheel with a bunch of colored holes around the outside of it.  then they spun the wheel while the rat was covered with a basket and let the rat out midspin.  then the rat would wonder around the table until he found a hole he liked and crawled in...  the point of the game was that people bet on the color of the hole that the rat would climb in.  what a weird carnie game.  beck was pretty offended for the rat.  she said she was going to call the aspca on the carnie, but alex pointed out that she probably saved that rat from medical testing and i said that the rat is her entire livlihood, so no action was taken :)  afterwards we went to starbucks for a round of caramel machiattas and then went to my parents' house (where i was spending the night) to watch supertroopers.  that movie is just too freaking funny.  it was the first time beck had seen it, and she loved it also, and now she owns a copy...     soyeah, sunday i went to a pancake breakfast that beck's fire company was having to laugh at her being a waitress but she wasn't waitressing so i couldn't laugh...  her grandmother made applesauce for the breakfast, and it was  hella  good....  then i went up to fresno's to meet the usual sunday group for lunch and afterwards went to crossgates where i almost forgot about bringing my dad to the airport so he could go to saudi arabia...  had to speed home and pick up my dad...  we had to stop at staples on the way to the airport so he could pick up a graphing calculator for his friend in saudi's son (apparently those calculators are much more expensive over there) and when my dad asked the guy at the counter for it he looked at me and said, "For high school?"  how annoying.  that guy not only thought that i was in high school, but that i had to bring my dad along with me to staples to help me buy a calculator.  eww.  i mean, come on.  i know i'm kinda young looking, but i don't think i really look like i'm still in high school.  and eww, if i had to buy a calculator, i wouldn't need my dad to help me >:(   soyeah, after i dropped my dad off i swung back by clifton park and picked becky up and we drove around for a while listening to my just recorded hella good minidisc.  has all great songs on it.  including puddle of mud's "she hates me."  that song just freaking kicks my ass.  i don't know why i love it entirely...  maybe because it's kinda refreshing for some guy in a song to be all distracted by the fact that he got dumped.  or maybe it's because he says 'she fucking hates me' and it sounds cool...  i dunno.  anyway, i love that song...