           so i had the weirdest dream last night (well, this morning really...):  it started out on a sunday and i was at church.  it didn't look like my church, but it seemed normal to me in the dream.  i was apparently supposed to sing with some group (weird, i haven't been in a chorus since high school) but only this other guy and i showed up to do it.  so we're in front of the church and we're all embarrassed because we don't want to have to sing alone.  and then people start telling us that we'd make a cute couple and that we should date, which really embarrassed us.  i don't think this guy in my dream was anyone i know in real life, but in my dream world he was someone that i'd hung out with before with friends and he was a little younger than me.  he was kinda cute though and we held hands.   then the dream shifted and we were at my parents house in what was my room.  in the dream i knew that i had my own apartment, but apparently i was also keeping half of my stuff at my house in my old room.  anywhere so we were there napping and we realized that my room was on fire.  so we got out of the house but i had to keep going back and screaming at my brothers to get out of the house.  then we were in the backyard and my neighbors were just watching us in the backyard with our house burning and i couldn't believe that no one was doing anything.  at first it was just a little fire in my room, then the windows were like bursting and pretty much the whole house was in flames.  So i kept trying to call for help.  the first time i dialed 911 it didn't work or i couldn't dial it right or something, and then the next time it went through but i got this dispatcher that didn't want to help me.  she was like, "hello?" and then didn't say anything and i'm freaking out into the phone and she's not really saying anything.  so i hung up and called back right away and got a different dispatcher and she was like, "oh she's heartbroken" as if that explained why the other one wouldn't help me.  then i'm yelling at this woman that my house is on fire and she didn't really seem to care and i'm like, "you have to get the fire department!" and i think i actually screamed something about it being a "working structure fire" which is funny 'cause i only know that term from knowing my friend Beck who's a fireman and then she said "they're already there" and i turned around and there was this (hot) fireman walking towards me asking if everyone was ok.  and the fire was put out in my house, it was all charred and wet looking, but only in the upstairs bedroom part.  so then i tried to call Beck but i only got her voicemail (and it was weird because in my dream i kept trying to dial the phone but i'd dial the wrong number).  then my mom got home from the store with a bunch of bags of coke and she was serving the firemen like there was nothing weird about being at the store and coming home to have your house all burnt and serving firemen coke.  and then i went in my house and the whole downstairs was fine, just a little dirty and smelly and everyone was sitting in the living room talking about how it must have started.  it was really just an odd disturbing dream that ended abruptly (thank God) because Beck was calling me this morning.  anyway.  I can't believe how much of it I remember.  i think the uninterested dispatcher part was weird, and it may have something to do with how someone i know knew someone who didn't pass the psych eval to be a 911 dispatcher and i was told that story on saturday i think and we said how i guess you'd have to be stable to be a 911 dispatcher 'cause otherwise you might hang up on people or something...   i dunno.  i'd welcome any dream interpretations :)