           so...  more on the weekend...   Saturday:  I volunteered to help out at work Saturday morning by going to the department of corrections and setting appointments for people who were applying to be correctional officers to have psych evals.  It was pretty boring, but hey, it was an extra $40 and I got to leave early...  The weirdest people apply to be corrections officers.  There were some kids there that looked like they were maybe just out of high school or community college, and then there was this like 50 year old lady who complained about everything...  I was the only young person working there.  I worked with Dave from the office (who's probably around 50), a really nice if somewhat odd guy, and two older ladies that apparently work at the department of corrections full time.  They were so demanding of the applicants: "Come over here first!  There are TWO lines here!  You didn't fill that in.  Go over there and finish it!"  When the applicants came over to the table where I was sitting they came to me if they wanted their appointments to be in Rochester or Harlem, and they went to Dave if they wanted Albany.  It was weird.  People kept apologizing to me that they went to Dave instead of me.  Like I cared.  I just wanted to get out of there so I could go to Irish Fest.  Also, I really wanted to apply bacitracin to my tattoo which apparently was oozing ink onto the back of my shirt (eww): there was an outline of my butterfly on my shirt when I got home (I hope that comes out in the wash...).  I was wearing my awesome red Steve Madden shoes and some big biker looking guy with a cool Celtic cross tattoo on his forearm complimented me on my shoes.  Really, those shoes are magical or something.  I mean, how many times does a guy actually notice your shoes?  And most of my compliments from those shoes have been from guys...  anyway...  so Dave let me go home early, which made me very happy.  I went right home and got ready to go to Irish Fest.    I had to meet Beck, Alex, Steve, Neary and Lee (the group that went out last weekend to the Parting Glass) at the parking lot at Crossgates across from Hooters where we were supposed to get the shuttle to the festival.  But when we got there we weren't sure if that's where it was really picking us up, and then we found out that you could no longer buy the wriststraps there for admission to the shuttle.  So Steve ended up taking us all to the fairgrounds in his truck.  We had a great time...  Alex got a huge order of fries for everyone to share and I picked at them making the only things I ate that day an apple and a few french fries.  So, it didn't take much beer to get me drunk.  I find that this is a good, inexpensive solution for me...  I'll have to remember that for the future.  Anyway...  So unfortunately my ex-boyfriend was there with the woman that he cheated on me with, but it didn't really bother me.  He tried to get me to see him kissing her, but I ended up not seeing (Beck told me) and I think that's funny.  He's so pathetic.  Later he was standing by this one pavillion where I was watching some musical acts (very good) and Beck was talking with a bunch of the guys that we came with and some others.  I was standing with (well, leaning on...  I was already pretty drunk) Alex and I didn't see him, but Beck did and pointed out to the guys that she was standing with that she didn't like that guy and they all stared at him and he ran away.  What a wimp.   So the bands that I saw were all pretty good.  The first one that we actually watched was   Kilbrannan  which is from Syracuse.  They wore kilts and did a lot of kinda traditional music.  Then they busted out the bagpipes and an electric guitar and did this hella rocking version of "Scotland the Brave" which I can't find a recording of online, but I'd love to get a hold of.  Afterwards there was just one guy with a guitar who was pretty good.  He did a bunch of interactive-drinking songs that were funny (and difficult to perform as they went on).  Then we went to the Grove Stage and saw   Hair of the Dog .  They were awesome.  They're a local band so we'll get to see them often if we want.  It started pouring during the middle of their second set, but nobody cared.  The music was too good and the listeners were too drunk to do anything but continue to dance.  They did this awesome song called "I Used to Work in Chicago" that's hella funny.  I was trying to provide a link on here from which you could download it, but it just wasn't working for me.  So try searching Kazaa for it and download it, or you could try im-ing me and asking me (nicely) for it, cause it's really worth a listen :)  When Hair of the Dog was done just about the whole population of the festival walked to the parking lot.  It seemed like everyone left then.  We felt bad for Steve 'cause we had to pile into his car all wet.  Beck got clothes tossed to her, but I didn't get any and I froze the whole way home.  When we got to Steve's I was given a shirt from Alex and some shorts from Steve and I felt much better.  The next morning when I got home though, I felt a little wierd...  My sandels got ruined the night before so I ended up walking into my apartment in an obviously borrowed T-shirt, boxer shorts and in bare feet in front of a few of my neighbors.  That was a little embarrassing...  Ah well..  Soyeah, Saturday was a great time :)     Sunday:  Sunday Beck came with me to meet the usual crew for lunch.  We went to the American Cafe in Colonie center where we partook of good food and great bread :)  After walking around the mall for a little while Beck and I came back to my apartment where we fell asleep :)  My couches are too comfy...  Then we watched Sex and the City and ordered Chinese food.  The whole weekend was just such a great time.  It'll be a while before we get to do it again, 'cause I'm going away this weekend and Beck's going away next weekend...  beh.  Ah well.