           what a great weekend :)    Friday: beck and i got tattoos.  beck came directly here from work and we headed right down to lark street to the   "lark street tattoo company"  to do the deed before either of us chickened out.  it's probably a good thing we went early anyway because otherwise we probably wouldn't have gotten in.  we were  hella  nervous going in the shop and we didn't really know what to do when we first got in there.  so we looked through the books of flash (the stock tattoo images) that they had there and waited around until one of the artists was done.  at first i told beck that she had to go first and she had to do the talking since it was her idea, but when the girl came to the counter i jumped up right away and was like, 'hi, i'd like to get a tattoo' and i took out the pic of the butterfly that i wanted and told her that i wanted it on my lower back.  beck was like, 'dammit, i wanted to go first!'  i explained later that i realized that if i didn't just do it then i would never have done it.   so in order to tattoo you, they take your design and make a carbon copy of it, then transfer it to your back.  from there it's just tracing and filling in.  my design was pretty simple and i got just black so it wasn't a lot of work.  my artist, kara, said she was going to do one line and if it hurt too much or whatever she could stop.  so she did it and it didn't really feel like anything at all so i was like, 'bring it on!'  and then she started...  well...  when she did that test line, she must have picked the part of my back that she knew would hurt the least, 'cause once she got started it hurt.  not so bad most of the time, but whenever she was near my spine it really hurt.  and then there were times when she was filling in and moving the gun back and forth really quick, and that did not feel so good.  so she didn't really talk while she was doing it, and i was busy breathing and imagining that giving birth must be fucking hellish because this was bad but that must be worse.  i had no idea how long it was going to take and she wasn't really giving me any updates so i just sat there imagining the worst.  i swear, i thought she made it HUGE or something.  she was up in my shoulder blades one second, down my butt another...  well, i'm exaggerating.  it turned out to be not too big, but very cute.  beck got hers started right about when kara was finishing mine up.  beck's artist was named 't-bone.'  he was a big guy with dreds...  but beck said he was pretty nice.  here are pics of our tattoos: