           so since i've gotten home from school i've done nothing but waste more time taking emode tests...      my inner rock star is Britney Spears:   "Feel it, sweetheart; the rock star in you is all Britney—the envy of cheerleaders everywhere. One part girl next door, one part naughty sex kitten, you're definitely not as innocent as you look. And that is why nobody can get enough of you. You are the ultimate American girl with some serious staying power. Unlike other success stories, you and Britney are more than just a pretty face: you've got talent, confidence, and the brains to back it up. With a talent list like yours it's no wonder you're at the top of the popularity charts and young men's hearts. We love you. Shout out your inner Britney!"       My 'monster match' is a ghost:  "You're a fun loving prankster, always with a joke up your sleeve. That's why your monster match is a ghost. Your bag has more tricks than treats, but you can take it as well as you can dish it out. You're a witty spirit who loves a good hoot, and echoing laughter like you'd hear in the halls of a haunted house. Part ghoul, part Beetlejuice, you are the ghost with the most, the phattest phantom, a real graveyard smash. Whether you're going to a costume party or throwing your own BYOB séance (Bring Your own Ouija Board), you mingle with different social groups as if walking through walls. But you ghosts take care. You love getting a good behind-the-door scare almost as much as you love giving them, but those with bad tickers and tempers might not appreciate your spooky sense of humor. Use your inner poltergeist sparingly and you'll never have to worry about getting 'busted.'"     My inner 'friend' is Monica:  "Mon! You're the normal one, honey, in the best way possible. You're caring, you're responsible, you look to the future—what a gem. Wait a second, did you just start editing for grammar mistakes in the middle of reading your own compliments? Ok, so you like things, well, the way you like them. But even when you're smiling through clenched teeth, waiting for everyone else to get with the program, deep down, you're really still smiling. You're just waiting for that impatient moment to pass. When it comes right down to it, you are thoughtful, meticulous, and good at what you do. As for romance, you can be a little picky and want things to be just-so. We wouldn't expect anything less. And like the original Monica, if you can avoid rushing into things, you'll find the right match and all the happiness your sweet, finicky, heart deserves."    According to 'the coffee test' i'm 'the sweetheart:  "Sweet, smooth, and lighthearted. Is that you or your coffee? To the casual observer, there's really no difference. How you take your coffee provides people with a small window into your personality. Here's what one might see...  Comfort is key. Your coffee says that you don't like anything rough around the edges. If you could coat the world in sugary sweetness, you would. You are kind and have a potentially bubbly personality. Your coffee-style labels you as a fun-loving individual who doesn't get bogged down by overly serious things. You like to make the most of each day, and you take time to enjoy yourself. When it comes to uncomfortable situations, you would rather avoid them than confront them. You most likely surround yourself with friends, and when it comes to life, it's all about having a good time."  I really need to stop taking these tests and start working on shit that  needs  to get done for school...