           beh.  this weekend was ok...     Friday : As you can see from my Friday posts below, I was screwing around here at home forever before I finally got my act together and left for PA.  The drive down took me the full 4 hours because it  poured  (did i spell that right?  rained really hard...) most of the way down, and once i got into mountain country in PA the fog was  awful .  It was really bad on I-81, but once I got off at the Pottsville exit and took route 61 into town it was a billion times worse...  the fog was awful, the rain was awful, and that road normally is no treat because it winds down the mountain...  soyeah, i got to my Aunt Karen's house at about 8:00 and found out that my mom and stepfather hadn't made it there yet.  how freaking annoying is that?  i had told her originally that i was going to be leaving probably around 2 or so which would put me in about 6.  and then she told me to not hurry...  and they showed up at 8:30 because they stopped to go shopping.   shopping .  these people shop more than anyone i know.  i can't believe how much of their lives are devoted to shopping.  soyeah, they shopped and bought two huge mexican type pots and an enormous mirror.  they didn't need these things.  their house is horrendously cluttered already.  but they bought them because they got "good deals" on them.  and the thing is, they were flying home, so i don't know how they figured they were going to get these huge fragile items home.  whatever.  what really annoys me is they could (and do) shop anytime, but I was coming down to visit with them which i never get to do because they live in michigan and they never make the effort to come see me but they felt the need to shop instead of coming right up.  whatever.  anyway.  so we ate dinner and then RJ (my stepfather) left with my Uncle Bobby to go for a beer run (which apparently meant going to a bar and drinking the beer there).  I sat with my mom and Aunt Karen (who is so freaking cool) and talked.  Later RJ and Bobby came home and my cousin Ryan came out of wherever he was hiding (he is the quietest kid ever.  and he just appears and disappears.  he's really cool though and I wish I knew him better...  we used to play all of the time when we were kids and I lived in PA, but when we grew up he no longer spoke...  I think if I lived nearby and saw him more often we'd hang out though.  he's got a job in computers and i think we share a lot of the same interests.  he's got a really cute car too: a black jetta with tan leather seats...  he's had to get a new car twice now 'cause when he lived in Jersey he had two cars stolen.  so he moved to allentown now that he's got this new one, and hopefully it won't get stolen...  Jersey must really suck)...  So RJ pulls out this portable bar with insulated water bottles filled with really good tequilla and triple sec.  and then Bobby starts pouring shots..  so I had 5 shots and then realized that I was drunk, there was no party/music or friends and I wasn't going to get any so I just went to bed.  I kinda think it's a little weird that I was doing shots of tequilla with my mom, RJ and my aunt and uncle...  whatever.     Saturday : we got up early saturday and went to breakfast with my Nana and PopPop.  then mom, RJ, and I went to the mall (surprise).  After we spent a million years there they were finally done shopping (I normally love shopping, but I'm poor and wasn't in the mood to be doing that there.  besides, i can go to a mall anywhere, why should i shop at the little mall there?).  we went to my Nana and PopPop's house and tried to figure out what we were going to do for the rest of the day (always a chore:  I pretty much never care, and my mom always claims she doesn't but she really does and she can never make up her mind so she just whines and then gets upset when we don't do what she wanted to do but wouldn't say and then RJ gets all pissed but basically wants to please her so we end up doing what she wants to do but with a bunch of drama preceding it which could have been avoided).  So we decided that we were going to go see a movie ( My Big Fat Greek Wedding  - it was pretty good, there were some laugh out loud parts and I'll probably end up buying it on DVD).  We were going to try and get my Aunt Karen to come out with us because she was upset because Bobby shot their dog that morning.  Yeah.  Shot their dog.  The dog was his dog, he got it last year, and it was really cute and all.  My Aunt Karen really got attached to Jake, they had this cute little routine where the dog would follow her around and keep her company while she took a bath and eat ice cream with her at night.  but the thing is, Jake would sometimes suddenly turn vicious and bite.  He bit everyone in their family, and he'd snapped at other people.  He snapped at me when I was there in May...  So, the dog probably should have been put down a while ago.  But Saturday morning he bit Bobby on the hand (gave him a puncture wound that spouted blood) and Bobby was hungover and pissed so he took the dog, some garbage bags, and a shot gun out into the woods and shot the dog once in the head.  I really didn't care.  I mean, it was his dog, and the dog needed to be put down.  I probably would've taken it to the vet, but Bobby was pissed and "wanted to get his satisfaction"  I dunno.  i mean, that's what he felt he needed to do, and i'm sure that later on he probably regretted it because he did love that dog.  but the dog's dead and it would've been no matter how they killed it...  anyway...  Karen wouldn't come with us so we went alone and came back to her place later and kept her company.  Bobby was out playing with his band at some club.  I would've liked to go, and had this been a normal day we probably would have, but we had to stay and support Karen.     Sunday  was uneventful.  we got up and had breakfast and my cousin Sherry (who's severely retarded) kept asking where the dog was.  Bobby said that Jake was "away" and that he was sleeping forever.  Karen said "jake's dead.  daddy shot him" as she made a gun to her head.  that was a little uncomfortable...  butyeah, then i had to wait forever to leave because i had to wait for everyone to get their act together and when i announced that i was going to leave (already an hour later than i'd wanted to) all of a sudden we had to take a bunch of pictures.  this really stresses me out.  when i have a plan in my head about how things should go, it really annoys me when they can't go that way.  especially when it has to do with traveling, and my mom and rj cause stress for me in that areana all the time.  UGH!  I'm just glad i wasn't flying, because they always almost make me late (they get me to the airport like 20 minutes before my plane is scheduled to take off) because that's the way they do things and have no respect for others.  yeahso.  then i drove home.  i got starbucks later (i sat alone inside reading for school and you can't believe how starbucks is on a chilly sunday evening...  it's like some sort of singles bar or something...) and then went to my house to hang out with my sister and do laundry.  I'm still the devil at home apparently, whatever.  they'll get over it someday (my parents are pissed that i didn't help them out last weekend.  it's the first time i've ever said 'no' to them i think, and they were highly offended).  soyeah, amy and i hung out and talked...  and went to denny's later 'cause wehad the munchies...