           so the building where i work was robbed last night.  or burglarized.  what's the difference between those two terms?  well, whatever one would encompass breaking and entering and stealing stuff is what happened.  soyeah.  when i pulled into the parking lot i noticed that there was an albany police car sitting there, but i really didn't think anything of it because dr. m. does a lot of things with law enforcement, so i figured there was someone here for files or for an eval or something.  yeah.  so when i went up to the back door (employee's enterance) i noticed that it was open, and so was the back door to the dentist's office that's on the first floor.  i figured that they must be trying to move something, so i just walked in the building, still not suspecting that anything was up.  I noticed that none of the lights were turned on, which mildly annoyed me because I was sure that people were already here, there were cars in the parking lot and doors were open, so it was annoying to me that people were here and nobody bothered to turn on the lights...  yeah.  i only realized something was wrong when i got into the main room and saw that everyone in the building was crowded around the enterance to the dentist's office and the cop was taking some notes and the secretary from the law office in the building was saying, "yeah, they definately knew what they were taking."  So i walked in, walked past everyone, said "hey" to the cop who just said "hey" back and let me walk right through the building.  well, I guess he figured that I must work here...   so when i got upstairs the one psychologist was here already (dr.mcintyre) and he's the one that works with all of the local law enforcement agencies and the state troopers etc, so i think he was kind of excited that we had a burglery.   he followed me into my office telling me what was going on and pointed out that we had no electricity when i tried to turn on the lights in my office.  yeah, he said "we have no phones, no electricity, no heat..."  i thought he was going to tell me that i could just go home, but instead he said "... i hope you brought a book!" and walked downstairs to follow the cop around.  i could hear him downstairs, talking with the cop, theorizing how they got in, what order they did things in...  he came running upstairs to ask me if we had a clock that was plugged in that would have stopped when the power was cut, but i pointed out that that would require an analog clock and we only had digital clocks..   he was all dissappointed.  it was actually kinda cute how excited he was.  he told me that the burglers had gotten into the dentist's office by pushing the air conditioner through the window and then climbing in.  I asked him, "who robs a dentist's office" and he said that they took cash, receipts, and drugs...  so i guess they tried to originally get into the back door by breaking the window and reaching in, but then they realized that it was alarmed (the dentist's office was the only part of the building that wasn't alarmed).  so they cut the power by ripping the electric meter off of the wall (i guess that's how you cut power to a building without electricuting yourself) and they cut all of the phone/cable lines coming into the building.  that was really annoying, because even after we got power yesterday, we had  no roadrunner, so my day was really boring.   after i finished inventory I speant most of the rest of the day pulling files of people who were hired as state troopers.  i had to spend hours up in the attic with no power freezing my ass off pulling files.  i was happy when we got power so i could come back down to my little office and sit in front of my computer, but when i realized there was no roadrunner, i was pissed.  i had to waste the rest of my time (about an hour and a half) just printing envelopes for a mailing.  SUCK.