           so i went to a job fair yesterday.  it was kinda dissappointing.  if i was looking for a highly technical job or a receptionist job or a finaincial job or a job as a nurse i would've been lovin life yesterday.  but since i knew i wasn't looking for one of those jobs but i didn't really know what kinda job i was looking for, there really wasn't that much there for me.  i got a flyer from nemer volkswagon (because the guy wouldn't let me pass him unless i took one...  he did that wave it in front of my face thing.  apparently, it still works.  wave something in front of my face and i'll accept it and say thank you).  i could sell cars for them and get a free jetta to drive around.  the free car would be good, i'm not so sure about the selling cars thing though.  but i do really want a cute navy blue jetta...  :)  Michelle came with me (which was wonderful of her because although she is looking for a job as well, she's looking for a teaching position and there weren't any schools there, but if she hadn't have come with me i wouldn't have gone at all).  we lapped the place a few times before i got the nerve to go up to a booth.  i approached blue shield of northeastern ny first.  they were looking for someone for their communications department.  i spoke with the woman and i think i impressed her with my l33t skillz and i got her name and phone number before i left.  michelle agreed with me that the woman seemed impressed.  the only thing is, the position is posted internally first, and they'll probably fill it with some dumbass that already works there, which would be a shame because i'd rock (the casbah) at that job.  and it would be actual experience for me.  soyeah.  i guess i'll call the woman tomorrow to follow up... anywho.  so then we walked around some more and GHI was looking for a trainer.  even though i had all of the requirements listed for the job, the woman was just not taking me seriously.  she sucked.  i think she looked at me and was like, "too young" and stopped right there.  eww.  that's really annoying.  yeahso...  then i was tired of walking around (yeah, we'd only been ther like a half hour, but it didn't seem worthwhile to stick around any longer) so we left.    we went to the burger king across the street 'cause i hadn't eaten really yet.  there was this new guy working the register, and he was being assisted by the "old guy" (they kept calling eachother new guy and old guy).  the old guy had long braided hair with red beads at the end and gold front teeth.  the young guy had a HUGE diamond (well, i dunno if it was real, but it was real sparkly) earring in his right ear.  so the new guy took my order, and then he looked at me and said "you got pretty eyes."  i was like, 'thanks' and the old guy started saying to the new guy "man, you can't say stuff like that... they got cameras up here" and then the new guy asked me if i minded that he said that and i said no and then they started in with the camera thing again.  soyeah.  and then the old guy said "you do got pretty eyes" to me.  i was flattered, but a bit uncomfortable standing there.  i just wanted unhealthy burger king food...  so michelle and i sat down.  and then the new guy got off work so he started putting his street clothes over his work clothes and new guy and old guy were having a discussion about how unfair it was that they couldn't wear their "bling" at work.  then new guy started applying cologne, and he came over to me and asked if i could do him a favor and smell the bottle.  so i did, and he asked if i liked it and i said yes, and then he said that it was polo sport, and i said "that's nice."  he let Michelle smell it too, and then he went into the bathroom.  later on, he was talking to old guy and old guy was saying that he shouldn't say things to me or something like that because he saw my husband, who plays for the 49ers.  well, he got it right, i do like football players...    so i'm applying to a few other jobs the traditional way (cover letter and resume through the mail) and one of them is for the local NBC affiliate as a broadcast traffic coordinator.    here  is a link to a job description for the same position at another tv station.  i'm guessing that the job would be pretty similar.  i think that would be hella cool if i got that job.  i could work in tv :)  then later on my dad could help me get a job at the real NBC (it's owned by GE <- dad works there) in NYC and that would be hella cool.  then beck and i could develop our idea for a tv series based on the odd things that happen to us and i'd have an in for pitching it to the execs.  it'll all work out so well...  :)  yeah, i'm dreaming.  i just hope i get that job.  or any job, really.