           so yesterday we (becky, kelly, michelle and I) went to Pizzaria Uno's at Crossgates for lunch.  We ordered 2 pizzas to share: a tomato and cheese and a spinoccoli (spinach and broccoli).  It was too much pizza for us so we had most of the spinoccoli pizza left over.  When the waiter came to drop off the bill and ask us if we wanted to have the pizza boxed, everyone kind of looked at each other to see if some one wanted it...  They all kinda said no, and someone said something about putting it in my car while we shopped and I said, "No thanks, it would smell like ass."  And the waiter kind of got this weird look on his face and took the pizza away.  I said that it would smell like ass because it would.  Anything with broccoli in it, while it may taste good, would smell like ass (and make your car smell like ass) if you left it in your car for hours and I really didn't want to smell it because I was hungover and already not feeling so great.  So we figured out how much we owed, and then suddenly the waiter returned with the manager and she said, "let me see your check" and she took it from beck and said that they were taking the spinoccoli pizza off of the bill because we didn't like it.  We were all shocked, and then we started protesting saying that we did like it, and the waiter looked at me and said, "well, i overheard your comment about how it would smell..." and I almost died.  I said, "anything with broccoli would!" and tried to let them know that we did like the pizza and that it was unnecessary to take it off the bill.  But they weren't hearing it, and the manager said, "yeah, it's always going to smell like that, so just don't order it again" and walked away with the check.  The waiter returned a few minutes later with our new edited bill...  i was so embarrassed, that pizza was like $13 and I never said that I didn't like it, in fact, I didn't even eat any of it!  We left him a big tip...  I can't believe that they insisted on removing it from the bill...   I just can't figure out why he did that...