           so the people that i interviewed with tuesday called me today while i was at work and asked if i could come in and fill out another form so that they could do a background check on me.  i guess the form that they had me fill out tuesday ended up being the wrong one, so i needed to fill out this one for them.  since they said that they were only going to do a background check on the candidate that they were most interested in, I took this as a good sign.  i must be at least in the running, or else they wouldn't have bothered to have me fill out the correct form.  i told them that i would be able to drop in and fill out the form on my way to st. clare's this afternoon...  so i went home from work today (after stopping at the post office and mailing about 500 letters for work... and the thing is, the window wasn't open, so i had to stuff them in the mail slot about 20 at a time...  i felt like a real tool) and made myself 2 bagel sandwiches with hummas, lettuce, tomato, and alfalfa sprouts...  one to eat then and one to take to work later.  i thouroughly enjoyed my bagel, and then fooled around online until i was running late, at which point i flew out the door, forgetting my lunch.  i only realized that i forgot my lunch when i was almost to the highway, but i still turned around because the sandwhich was just so good and i knew that if i left it out it would be spoiled...  so by the time i really got on my way i was running very late.  i sped over to the insurance company, and met with first just the one lady who interviewed me and then the guy came out "to say hi."  i filled out the form and then after making nice and saying goodbye i was on my way.  a few minutes down the road, i suddenly thought, "i have something in my teeth."  i looked up in the rearview mirror, and sure enough, there was a big 'ol piece of lettuce stuck in my teeth (see diagram below).  one (or both) of them must have given me a weird look when i smiled, because how else would i have suddenly thought a few minutes later to look at my teeth.  how embarassing!  i must have looked like such a freak!  but really, it makes me laugh so hard just thinking about it.  i mean, that was a  big 'ol  piece of lettuce.  how could they not have noticed it?  how could  I  not have noticed it?  they must have been like, "oh, my God, do I say something?  how embarassing!"  it's just too humorous.  i'm standing there all smiley and laughing and i've got a HUGE piece of green lettuce sticking between my two front teeth.  it had such a potential for a snl sketch...  God, that makes me laugh!!  i get slightly hysterical every time i think about it...