           so today (thur, halloween) i saw an ectomobile.  well, it was like a ghetto ectomobile.  it was this grey-blue colored station wagon with a bluelight on top and the ghostbusters' symbol painted in various places and the lisence plate said "ecto1"  it was pretty random.  it was like someone had a shitty car and an obsession with the movie...   I bought frames and a mirror and they will all eventually be hanging in my living room.  yeah, once i get nails.  how annoying.  i got home, i was all ready to hang my shit up, and i realized that i was out of nails.  i suck.  also, i can't hang things in straight lines.  my picture gallery will be a little fucked up looking.  ah well.    so they called me from mercury insurance, and they want me to come back for a second interview on monday.  i hope i get this job (pretty much because i don't really have the ambition to keep looking).  the job sounds kinda interesting, and it definately sounds like it would be something different every day, and i think i'd really do well in a job like that.  i just get so hyper and bored easily.  whenever i meet the crew for lunch on sundays i always get ancey.  i enjoy the conversation, but i just can't stand sitting for too long.  last sunday somebody suggested that i be checked for ADD.  i dunno.  i  am  pretty hyper lately.  even beck commented on it tonight.  eh.  i've always been kinda hyper.  i don't like to rest or sleep.  i feel like i'm missing out on things or something.  anyway, this job sounds like it would keep me constantly busy with everchanging new problems, and that'll be good for me.  so, yay, got called back, now i hope i get it...    so i went to beck's tonight and on the way home from poughkeepsie i actually saw deer.  i never see them when i'm driving and i kept seeing them all over the place tonight.  i took that as a sign that i was going to hit one and die.  so i tried to slow down, and that worked for a little while... but then...  i just love to drive fast.  there's no way around it.  i'm not happy unless i'm speeding.  it's just so much fun to drive fast.  and i've got this fucked up attitude about getting pulled over.  i see it as a challenge.  i feel like i'll never get a speeding ticket because i haven't gotten one yet.  so i'm really not afraid of getting pulled over, because i'm pretty confident that i'd be able to cry my way out of a ticket.  this is going to be bad someday.  someday i'll actually get pulled over and get a ticket, and boy, will i be pissed.  it'll be some woman cop who gives me one...  please God, don't let me ever get pulled over by a woman-cop.    here's a pic of beck just after she gave candy to trick-or-treaters.  she looks all annoyed because this is not the first picture that i took of her serving candy.  look at what she's giving out.  Almond Joys.  Eww.  Coconut candy!  i would've egged her house...  but I guess she redeems herself with the twizzlers (because they make mouths happy)....