           so i had a pretty decent weekend.  went to the rusty nail (a bar in clifton park which may or may not be named after a pretty nasty sex act) on friday with beck, neary, and steve.  they had   yuengling  on tap which made me happy.  beck, neary, and steve ate some horrible looking wings which i wouldn't touch because they get your fingers dirty.  well, that's not the only reason.  i just can't ingest something that's brightass orange dripping grease.  eww.  we went back to steve's afterwards where we watched "big rigs" or something like that.  it was this half hour tape on different kinds of trucks that someone had given to steve as a gag gift when he was a trucker, but he apparently really likes it so we had to watch it.  there were many disturbing scenes where a little girl was interviewing lecherous-looking truckers.  fell asleep on the sofa (and kicked steve who had fallen asleep on the other end of the sofa 'in my sleep' until he went upstairs to his own bed.  hey, i figured he had a bed upstairs, he didn't need to be sleeping on the sofa making me uncomfortable).    Saturday was the day of movies with really good looking guys in it.  Beck came over and we ordered Chinese food and ended up watching "The Three Musketeers" on CBS.  Chris O'Donnel is really hot, but he just looks so gay with long hair in that movie...  Then we went to Crossgates (where apparently everyone else in the world went that day) and looked at   mini cooper  because I've decided that I totally want one in either chili red, indi blue, or british racing green.  it's just such an adorable car, and i've read great reviews on it.  we didn't stay at crossgates long because the crossgates mono kicked in with a vengence.  so we returned to my apartment where we vegged out and watched "Circle of Friends."  Chris O'Donnel is also in that movie, and he is very extremely good looking, something about the eyes, the hair, the rugby shirt (and shorts) and the irish accent really does it for me...  :)  sothen we went to the movies and saw   the transporter  which i completely enjoyed even though beck and neary pointed out that there wasn't much of a plot.  ok, no, there wasn't, and yeah, the dialog sucked, but the chase scenes and the fighting scenes were just so kickass.  and the main-character-frank-guy was really hot.  and apparently british (he had a great accent).  there was one part that was just vaguely homosexual though, a fight where all the participents were covered in oil and slipping and sliding around, and then frank ends up under water with a dead body of one of the guys he was fighting and he has to suck air out of the guys mouth to survive. butyeah, after the first 10 minutes of the movie (really, the best part) where there's this great chase scene i decided that i'm going to be a transporter.  but first, i'll need a better car...    Sunday i met the gang for lunch at houlihan's (how is it that even with an extra hour of sleep i was still late?  i suck).  then i went to my house where i performed experiments on my little brothers for school (not as weird as it sounds) and actually got some homework done!  it was amazing...  then beck and i went for starbuck's (wouldn't be a sunday without starbuck's) and we drove around.  this time we made our way towards schenectady where we saw a "working structure fire" (<-beck's technical terminology) that was really cool-looking... there were firetrucks all over the place.  we tried to take a picture, but we couldn't get close on the second pass...  we ended up back at my place where we ate ramen, downloaded music and finished watching circle of friends.  we discussed having a "ghetto thanksgiving party" where we'll serve ramen, mac&cheese, popcorn, pretzels, and toast (a la charlie brown) and, of course, canned cranberry sauce still in the shape of a can (actually, that's my favorite, and we have it at my house every thanksgiving)....