           so i actually went to class tonight.  amazing for me.  i took a test (first one done, as always in this class, and it looks like i got the best grade out again.  kinda embarassing).  we (a couple of people from class and i) were going to leave after the test and go to a bar, but one of the girls in the class mentioned that it looked like the prof (who sucks, by the way) had our papers that we handed in last week to give back so we stayed.  it sucked so much.  we watched a stupid video module (all we ever do in that class, that's why i never go) where some kid got all excited over christmas and puked.  it was the most random video.  later on they showed three year old italian kids who kept grabbing at the microphone (microfono!  encore microfono!) and they never made the connection of why they were showing them...  and then the stupid teacher never gave us back our papers, so staying was a big waste of time.  beh.  soyeah then we went to Sadie's (which is just down the block from strose).  i had a couple glasses of guinness (poured expertly by the barkeep with little shamrocks on top) and talked to the guys that came along while the other two girls each had a mixed drink and talked about their boyfriends.  very typical that i ended up talking to the guys more than the girls.  we discussed different shots/drinks that we liked and the weirdest places we'd "done it."  intelligent conversation to say the least.  but a good time was had by all and we made a resolution to do that every monday (which is good, because it'll at least get me to class).    so now i sit here eating leftover mexican food that's been in my car since friday.  that's pretty gross.  but i'm hella hungry.  i didn't have much money with me, so all i could afford was my drinks (but i did steal some broccoli/cheese poppers from the girls that were hella yummy).  soyeah.  the food still tastes ok, and it was so cold this weekend that it was like it was in a fridge anyways...  (i'm going to think this is so gross tomorrow).    the best thing about having a cat around is that he'll eat the shit you drop on the floor, so you don't have to worry about cleaning it up...  so i have to tell my doctors that i'm leaving them.  i feel like such a tool.  i'm not looking forward to this at all.  i have to do it tomorrow.  depending on jeff's schedule, i think i'm going to talk to him just before i leave tomorrow.  that way i won't have to sit there all day feeling like an asshole.  but i'll have four weeks of that to look forward to...  beh.