            on why i hate the college of saint rose   basically, it's because they steal your money.   they suck so much.  they charge like a billion dollars tuition a semester and they give you a crapass education.  and they're supposedly the best school in the area for teaching.  three out of four of my teachers "teach" straight from the book.   my wednesday night teacher is the worst.  you can bring your book to class and highlight the exact passages from the book that she's speaking.  word for word.  and she had the nerve last week to say that she doesn't subscribe to the theory of direct teaching.  um.  yeah, right.  all she ever does is stand up there and speak her outlines which she takes right from the book.  oh, and sometimes she divulges unnecessary personal information.  like the one time she said that she wasn't feeling too well because she ate some food that didn't agree with her or something like that.  and then suddenly during class she says something like "here comes the food" and ran out of the room.  eww.  like we all needed to know that's why she was leaving.  she could have just said, let's take a 10 minute break or something.  whatever.  my monday night teacher also sucks.  he's a full-time clinical psychologist with a private practice and he's got a bunch of other shit that he does, so i don't know why he teaches also.  probably for the health insurance so that he doesn't have pay for it on his own.  anyway.  he also teaches directly from the book.  he even uses the provided powerpoint slides that are basically the textbook only on a screen.  and his tests are right from the teacher edition of the book, so sometimes they're the exact same questions that are on the practice tests on the website.  every time i take a test in that class i'm finished first and since we have to grade our tests right away and everyone goes outside and compares their scores i know that i generally get the best grade in the class.  and it's not like i study.  in fact, i put the least amount of effort in possible.  we just got papers back in that class last night.  he was saying that you should have at least six sources blah blah blah and that it should be all scholarly blahblah.  and i'm sitting there thinking, "great.  failed this because i had three sources and two were textbooks and i did the whole paper in 3 hours."  we got them back and i had a 91 on it.  a 91.  and other people got grades in like the 80s.  and seriously, i never go to this class and i generally leave early when i do go and when i leave early i just walk right out in front of the teacher.  we'll be on a break and i'll go back into class and collect all of my things and he'll watch me leave.  why do i get these grades?  i certainly don't deserve them.  and that's not the only class it happens in.  actually, it's been happening in all of my classes.  but perhaps the worst example is the paper i got back today in my philosophy class.   all of my papers that i've handed in for my philosophy class have been shitty, half-assed jobs done an hour before class.  but the one i handed in last week was really the shittiest ever.  i didn't even read the book.  i kind of skimmed through the introduction and wrote the paper.  i got it back today and i got an A on it.  rediculous.  i mean, it's my highest grade so far in that class (i'd gotten Bs and B+s before).  and he wrote on the top: "Very good analysis of Newman and good comparisons."  and he wrote comments throughout the paper, so he did read it.  i must have some grade angel that redoes all of my work for me, because there's just no way that the work that i've been doing is deserving of the grades that i've been getting.  no way.   and this is why i hate saint rose.  because they're ripping students off.  they take their money and then let them get away with doing shitty work and rewarding them for it.  i feel all dirty now.