           Sunday Beck and I went for a walk.  It was so warm out, it would have been a crime to not go for a walk.  We walked down Riverview Road for a while when a small beagle crossed the road in front of us.  We half-tried to stop it as it escaped from its yard, but we weren't sure whose dog it was, and we weren't sure that we cared.  Then some girl holding a toddler came from the yard where the dog was fleeing calling after it.  It was clear that the girl was not going to get this dog holding the small child, so I offered to go after Daisy who was at that moment running free through the yard of a house under construction in a gated community across the street.  It was such a nice day, and I was in a good mood, so running across this yard in pursuit of a puppy was fun.  I felt like I was six years old...  carefree, running and laughing...  Then the damn dog went towards a mud patch.  I recognized this too late...  I ran into the mud and when my sneakers (of course i was wearing my "good" sneakers) started to sink i tried to turn around...  and i slipped and flipped down into the mud.  The whole back of my sweatshirt was covered in mud, and so were the bottoms of my jeans.  My hat even got dirty.  I had to laugh though.  I wish somebody had taped me falling, it must've been hilarious.  I got back up and crossed a ditch on a plank of wood left there and went after the dog another way...  eventually, I got bored and ceased to care about whether or not this snotty looking teenager and her little sister got their dog back, so beck and i just left as the girl wondered around the yard trying to get the dog and keep a hold of her sister at the same time.    being covered in mud is very freeing.  i felt like i could do just about anything then, because i was already dirty, so what did it matter?  I guess that's what it's like for a lot of things.  like: i've already spent this much, what does it matter if i spend more?  or: I've already gone this far, I might as well go further.  in fact, that's how i came up with my concept of owning something.  you've already done something that you didn't think you'd do or aren't very proud of, but instead of whining about it, you've got to own it.  and once you own something, it's easier to own other things.  soyeah.  i owned that mud.