           soyeah.  last thursday i baked a cake.  see, one day last week i was trying to look up the nutritional information for   guinness , because i'd been drinking a bunch lately and i was thinking that it was counterproductive to my efforts to not gain weight and so i thought i'd try and figure out the 'points' value (weight watchers) of a pint o'  guinness .  but when i typed in "guinness nutritional information" in   google  all i got were a bunch of recipes for things with    guinness in them.  and one of them was a recipe for   guinness chocolate cake  and i figured that since i hadn't baked in a while and since it was cold out i'd try and make it.  soyeah.  thursday i gathered my materials: i had to purchase a hand mixer (got the el cheapo version at   target ), mixing bowls (got a cute but cheap cobalt blue set at   target ), cake pans (got the hella-el-cheapo version at   the christmas tree shop : $1 each), and a cake holder (also cheap at   the christmas tree shop ...  $2 and it's cute).  I also went to   the grocery store  and picked up the necessary food supplies for baking (flour, vanilla extract, sugar, etc).  unfortunately, i forgot to get eggs, so i ended up having to walk to the stewart's down the street after dark to get them.  it wasn't late yet, still in the 6 o'clock hour, but i don't think i'll do that again...  it was a little nerve wracking anytime anyone walked by me, and i was the only female out walking alone.  soyeah, after i risked life and limb for eggs i got home and started to bake.  well, first i had to do dishes...  i had a ton of dirty ones in the sink, and i had to clean all of the crap i had just bought.  in the meantime, i put two sticks of butter (one for the cake, one for the icing) on top of my computer to soften (hey, it's warm there...).  i made the cake batter, and it seemed a little thick, but i figured, hey, maybe that's how it's supposed to be, and i stuck the layers in the oven.  then i started on the icing.  i went to grab the stick of butter off of the computer and i realized that there were still two sticks there.  i had freaking made the cake without putting the butter in it.  i was  so  pissed.  i was really curious how this cake was going to taste, and i'd fucked up the recipe.  so i just made another batch of batter.  when the layers were finished in the oven, i popped them out of the pans, cleaned the pans and threw the better batter in and stuck 'em right back in the oven.  the layers that i'd screwed up don't taste bad, they're just darker and denser (i call them my   guinness  stout cakes).  i didn't have enough icing to cover two cakes, so the stout cakes are sitting on top of my microwave covered in foil.  i don't know why i kept them, i should just pitch them.  yeahso, when the layers were cool (enough) i stacked 'em with icing in between and covered the cake.  i wasn't too careful so there were crumbs all mixed in with the icing.  also, i didn't bother leveling off the layers when i stacked them, so the cake was all lopsided.  whatever.  here's a picture of it:      I didn't sample it until the next day because by the time i was done i was a little drunk (i had to finish off the cans of   guinness  that i'd opened to make the layers/icing...  and i'd also had some more...) and a lot tired.  it was really rich, and i liked it (except next time i won't dust the pans with cocoa powder like it said to, because the straight cocoa that you taste between the layers is bitter).  I took it to my parents house on friday, but i don't think they liked it very much because it was still there today (but dad said that he just forgot it was there).  i brought a piece for beck to try tonight when we met for coffee, and she said it tasted "yeasty" and "like bread," which i don't think are good reviews.  beh.  ah well, i liked it... and baking is fun :)  speaking of going to get coffee, beck, her brother, and i tried to go to   Starbucks     because that's what we do every Sunday night, but it was closed.  how freaking annoying is that?  it was only 7:30 when we got there...  they had a sign on the door that said that they had some sort of district meeting or something like that, and that every starbucks in the area was closing at 5.  that's so annoying.  i mean, does  everybody  have to go to this meeting?  they need  all  of the peons there?  we had to go to   dunkin' donuts  instead.  i got what i always get when i go there: a large iced coffee light and sweet, and the woman really went to town.  i mean, there was a good 1/4 inch of sugar at the bottom of the cup.  but hey, i like it when i drink my coffee through a straw and i get to chew on the sugar granuales (sp?  ah well).