           So GNR was awesome :)    We got to the concert by 8:00, and   CKY  was just finishing up their set.  I only heard 2 of their songs, and I couldn't tell you which ones, but they were pretty good.  Then the lights came on and they set the stage up for the next warmup act,   mixmaster mike .  what an odd act to have at a GNR show.  They played this like 5 minute video before he started that was like an infomercial for Mixmaster Mike...  it was like they had to play something to let us know who he was so we could get excited about it...  He was a DJ who was apparently really good at doing his DJ-spinny-scratchy thing.  He played a lot of songs that white people would know (because that was the makeup of the entire crowd) but it kept getting annoying because of course he wouldn't just let a song play the whole way through, and some of the songs were pretty good...  every time he played a song that beck, alex, or i knew, he changed it like right away or right before it got to the really good part.  The guy was pretty good, but it was just the wrong venue.  The arena wasn't crowded enough for everyone to be dancing and partying to his music...  if he were in a club or at a party, he'd rule.  but in an arena, it kinda sucked.    Soyeah.  When Mixmaster Mike was done, the lights came on again (this was about 9:30) while they set up for GNR.  Then they announced, "come on ladies, get them out, you know what we want" and started focusing the camera on some of the girls in the audience.  if a girl flashed the camera, she got cheered.  if not, she got booed.  this was kind of entertaining for about 15 minutes, but then they couldn't get any more new girls to flash the camera, so they kept going back to the same girls over and over. it was odd.  a girl would realize that she was on camera, and then just either (1) wip up her shirt and stand there proudly as she jiggled her boobs around with her tongue out, (2) smile and wave and laugh hysterically with her friends, but not flash the camera, or (3) look really hella pissed off and give the camera the finger (after which she'd get booed).  Beck said that if they put that camera on her, she'd definately give it the finger.  I decided that I wouldn't flash it, but I probably wouldn't give it the finger either.  soyeah.  unfortunately this girl flashes camera thing went on for like 45 minutes and got pretty boring.    around 1030 beck's phone rang and it was some people that she knew from work who were also at the concert and who'd come over to see her earlier.  they said that they heard that GNR wasn't there and so they were leaving and getting a full refund of their tickets.  So beck told us that and I was like, that sounds like a rumor, and we sat there for another minute and all of a sudden GNR came on.  Alex and I told beck that she had to call her work friends back and tell them, and she did, but they were like, yeah, oh well.  Beck said later that that guy kind of has a defeatest attitude all the time.  i'd be hella pissed if i left and then found out they were there..  ah well.  anyway.   the show was great.  they played like every old song that i wanted to hear, and they only played a few new songs (which were pretty good).  there were some awesome pyrotechnics: flames shooting up from the stage and sparks...  During November Rain, at the end when it starts up again, sparks showered down like a sheet of rain...  it was awesome :)  And during the encore, when they played Paradise City, there were these huge pinwheels of sparks in the background, and they shot tons of confetti into the crowd.  Axl sounded great, and the new band sounded pretty much just like the old band.  The new band was huge: 3 or 4 guitarists (can't remember now), 2 keyboardists, a drummer, and Axl.  We were very happy that this new band didn't try and change any of the old songs, they played them just the way you wanted to hear them without really adding any of their own flavor to it or otherwise making it their own.  Soyeah, it rocked.  Very cool show.  the only really odd thing about the night was some of the people around us.  There were two guys both wearing jeans, fleece sweatshirts, and shaved heads sitting in front of Beck and Alex who sat pretty much perfectly still the entire show and looked straight ahead.  Even during GNR!  I mean, why did they come to the show?  were they enjoying it at all?  freaking weird.  they looked like cult members or something the way they were sitting there, looking alike, and looking like they weren't even hearing the music.  The couple in front of me smoked pot the entire time.  Every time I looked down at them they were either lighting up another joint or making out.  When GNR started they both got up and were dancing around at their seats (i think they were even dancing when there was no music).  The guy kept yelling annoying things like, "Freebird!" or "Skynard!" which made me want to punch him.  His voice was really annoying too, he sounded like a 12-year-old boy.  On my left, at the end of our row sat 2 angry-looking-dyke-women.  they got hella annoyed every time we had to get by them.  i apologized to them every time i went by them, and one of them kept smiling at me, and i think that's because when i went by them i'd face them and i was wearing a very low cut shirt (hey, i figured if i had to keep making them get up, i'd give 'em something to look at).  anyway.  to beck's right sat a couple on the end of the row who kind of looked pissed off the entire time, and two older (30sish) guys who just sat the entire concert not really getting into the music either.  who are these people that go to concerts to just sit still and look like they're not having fun?  anyway.  yeah.  I had a good time :)  So, Happy Thanksgiving everybody!  I'm heading up to my parents house today, and I think I'm going to spend the entire day with the family for a change.  When I was little, I always had to go to my mom's in the afternoon, and when I was older I had to go to Tim's house to eat with his family.  So today's like the first Thanksgiving (other then the time we were in Disney World for Thanksgiving- which rocked) that I'll be able to spend the entire day with my family.  We're going to eat earlyish and then go to see Harry Potter, and then come back and eat some more :)  I'm in charge of making the rolls this year (I'm kind of a guest now, so I figured that I should bring something) because mom always burns them every year.  So here's hoping I don't burn the rolls, 'cause I completely made fun of her every year that she did.  Soyeah, now I've got to go to the store and pick up roll mix (because I'm a dumbass and didn't do it before) and the store's going to be hella hella crowded, so this should be fun...  then it's home to watch the parade, make rolls and head down to the fam.  Soyeah, I hope everyone has a great Thanksgiving!