           Yay!  Today is   guns 'n roses  day!  I've been so excited about going to this concert for months!  Yay!  i've been checking out the setlists at some   unofficial site  and it looks like they'll start with Welcome to the Jungle and that they'll most likely play pretty much all of my favorites.  yes! yes! excellent! (said with clenched teeth while pumping arm).  butyeah.  cool.  :)  soyeah.  plan for the day: sit here at work, bored off my ass until around noon, when i'll go run some errands for jeff.  i have to drop a letter and some books off at a judge's chamber at albany family court.  i know i'll probably only see a secretary, but how do you address a judge?  i mean, what if he's just there and i have to hand it over to him.  do i call him Your Honor?  i guess so...  couldn't hurt.  yeah.  so i figure that since i'll be downtown anyway i'll swing by the   pepsi arena  and see if i can pick up the tickets at the will call window then.  i don't know how early you can pick them up, but it'd be nice if i could get them early instead of having to go later and wait in line for them.  yeah.  then hopefully my sister will be able to meet me and go to the mall with me to exchange my blue bra for a black one (important mission).  then i'll probably go home and clean up a little (cat litter.  ew.) and forage around for some food (really, I actually don't know if i have anything in my house to eat.) and then call beck incessently asking when we're going.  then concert.  yay!    Oh!  So, I'm trying to work a new word into my vocabulary: grim.  See, I've always been unhappy with the amount of times I say "suck" because it's just so unoriginal.  I'm always like, oh, that sucks.  blah.  so last night Dodi and I were watching that 70s show and on one of the repeat ones Donna uses that word.  It's after her first day of Catholic school and she's sitting there in her uniform talking to her friends in the basement and Eric asks her how her first day of school was and she says: "Grim.  A nun spanked me with a ruler."  I was quite impressed with the usage of the word grim.  So Dodi and I decided that we'd totally have to start using that word.  soyeah.  i'm tired, and that's grim.  (see how easy it is?  you try it)