           today in a nutshell:  230am:  receive call from keith.  who calls at this hour?  don't pick it up because of the ungodly hour.  he must have been drunk.  left a message saying that he "wanted to see how [my] night went" and that he'd call me later in the week.  weird.   9am - 915am:  do some actual work at my job at the doctor's office   915am - 1pm:  sit around bored off my ass at my job at the doctor's office.  listen to the movie  harry potter and the sorcerer's stone  playing on the laptop that some smart parent brought along for their kids to watch in the waiting room.  hum the theme song and wish that i could just join the children in the waiting room because i'm not doing any work anyway.  play on the internet.  make copious copies because the copy machine is in the waiting room and at least then i can slyly watch the movie.  finally go home.   1pm - 130pm:  have lunch (marinated portabella mushroom cap on salad) and make plans to walk with michelle.  decide to take a nap.   130pm - 205pm:  nap.  wonderful.  sleep later than planned though.   205pm - 225pm:  try and get myself out of the house but end up writing an email to   Dodi  and then putzing around until i realize that I'm to meet michelle in five minutes.  225pm - 240pm:  fly down northway to meet michelle.  am a horrible friend because i'm always late.   240pm - 330pm:  walk with michelle.  we go the less muddy way, but it ends up being shorter than the usual route.  decide to go to starbucks.   330pm - 440 pm:  travel to and arrive at starbucks.  have a tall caramel machiatto.  is not as carmally as expected.  call home to find out what's for dinner and "make reservations"   440pm - 640pm:  have dinner with the fam.  cheesy corn chowder (very good).  listen to little brothers play on the piano, watch them play video games, promise to watch star wars episode II in its entirety with the littlest guy on thanksgiving day.  "help" dad play you don't know jack on the computer.   640pm - 9pm:   go to   target  with dodi.  return to her place and watch 3 episodes of that 70s show.  love the hyde/jackie storyline because can't help but think hyde's cute.  am annoyed that eric proposed to donna because they're only in high school and will end up divorced.   9pm - 930pm:  travel home.  call my sister a few times to bug her.  decide to exchange blue bra bought the other day for a black one.  listen to guns 'n roses.  get excited that will see them tomorrow, and then sad that there's no one to call and share my excitement with because beck was not at home.   930pm - 10pm:  check email and update blog.  decide to read and go to bed early.  tomorrow will be a long day.  also decide that this is a boring post and that i should apologize to everyone who wasted their time reading it.  sorry.