           so friday night i was supposed to go out with dodi and one of her friends in albany.  now, i live in albany, but i really don't enjoy going out here.  there are a few bars i don't mind, but i'm just not into clubs all that much.  dancing really doesn't thrill me and there are always a bunch of college kids running around...  but i figured that going out is going out and it's better than staying in so i wasn't going to complain.  when dodi got a hold of me later though, she said that since the weather was so bad (it was raining and supposed to turn to snow) she didn't feel like going out and would rather just stay in and watch a movie and get drunk.  I was a little disappointed, but i figured that doing that was better than nothing, so i headed up to clifton park.  i figured that maybe i could convince dodi to go to   the parting glass  because it's my favorite bar and it's up in Saratoga (i just love it up there) and i'd been in the mood to go up there all week.   so i got to Dodi's house and we sat around for a while and her cousin Chris called and said that he was on his way over and then I proposed going up to the Parting Glass.  Dodi was receptive to the idea (it seems that there was more than just the weather that prevented her from wanting to go to Albany) and when her cousin arrived we headed on up.   when we arrived the front of the pub seemed pretty busy, so we decided to go back to the dart room where there was another bar.  we passed through the performance area where a rather shitty band was playing (the "adirondak rednecks") and went into the dart room...  which was almost completely empty.  There were two younger guys playing darts and one guy sitting at the bar talking to the bartender and a waiter.  the three of us sat down at the bar and decided that it seemed weird to sit in here when it was nearly empty, so we'd order our drinks and then go into the pub part of the bar.  but then Dodi and I got a look at the bartender who was incredibly good looking, spoke with an irish accent, and was spinning bottles in a "Cocktail" way at the other end of the bar and decided that a hot bartender was enough incentive to stay in that room.   we ordered our drinks (a   guinness  for me, a   captain and coke  for Dodi and a   for Chris ) and we started talking and covertly staring at the bartender.  There was a glass full of stirrers in front of me, so I showed Dodi and Chris the trick you do with them that's supposed to tell you if you're going to get laid that night.  You take the stirer in one hand between your thumb and your middle finger and you try and bend it directly in half just using those two fingers.  if you get it directly in half that means your getting laid that night.  well, they were not sucessful at first and so we kept trying it and before long there was a pile of creased red stirrers in front of us.  The bartender (whose name was Keith) came over and asked us what we were doing.  Dodi explained the game and he tried it - and got it right in half the first time.  we said he had to do it again, so he did - and got it right in half again.  he got it like six times in a row.  the waiter that he'd been talking to earlier, Law, came over and asked what we were doing.  then he showed us a trick where you have a glass, a cherry, and an upside down brandy glass and you have to get the cherry inside the glass using the brandy glass but not turning it rightside up at all.  we couldn't figure out how to do it, and when he showed us how, we were all very impressed (i'm not going to tell how to do it, because it's a neat trick and you'd want to be surprised when you're shown how).  we then sat there with Keith and Law and did a bunch of bartricks (can't really remember most of them anymore).   Dodi had her phone out and she was playing with it, then she put in on the bar.  Keith picked it up and started playing with it and Dodi said, you can put your number in if you want to.  he did, then he looked at me and asked me for my phone.  He put his number in mine as well and handed it back to me.  Chris said that it probably wasn't his number, that he probably put different numbers in our phones.  Dodi and I then compared numbers and concluded that it's probably his real number because he put the same number in both.   it was very dead in the bar, and Keith showed us how he could flip "bar mats" (which is what he called coasters) and bottles.  then he said that when he was bored he made up shots.  he started preparing a shot that used a lot of green alcohol, some coconut-tasting alcohol, some milk, and some pineapple juice.  then he put out four glasses and poured us each some of his shot, which he called a "little green monster."  he did the shot with us (which was very good) and let us have it on the house.   then it was last call, and he asked if i wanted another guinness (i'd just finished my third...  or was it fourth?) and i said no, that's ok, but then Chris said, "no, she wants another one" and I said, "I do, I just don't want to pay for it" and Keith said, "I've got it" and poured me another one.  The bar started to clear out, and Keith and Law finished closing up and came to the other side of the bar to sit with us and have a drink and tell jokes (most of which i can't remember.  i was pretty drunk by then.  Keith told one about a "little green man" which involved him saying "little green" in his irish accent about a million times and I can't remember at all what the punchline was, but I really enjoyed listening to him speak).  Keith sat next to me and before I knew it he had his hand on my leg.  i responded in kind, and when Dodi and Chris said that they were hungry and wanted to go to Denny's he came with us.  it's ridiculous how not perceptive i am about this type of thing.  i never know when a guy is interested until it's extremely obvious.  i had no idea most of the night and when i told Dodi this the next day she said that it had been obvious.   anyway.  i won't go into detail because i think my parents look at my page every once in a while but i had a  very  good night with the hot irish bartender.  he told me that he has every sunday and monday off and that i should call him.  he told me a bunch of times that i should call him, but i'm not sure that i will.  i mean, i don't really know if he meant it (but he did ask me to an awful lot, and i do have his number) and, what would i say?  hi keith, it's ali, the girl from friday night...  hmm.  i dunno.  and he's divorced with two boys under the age of five.  but he is really hot.  and the accent just kills me.  and we did have a  really  good time...  we'll see...