           Boom Times on the Poverty Roll   Simply amazing.  THis is one of those rare editorials that literally get me sputtering in rage.  How can such idiocy be written in the 'newspaper of record'?  Our economy has been in transition for ten years now.  Back in 1920, we transition from an agrarian economy to a manufacturing base.  Cities boomed, farms dried up, and workers were displaced as they struggled to retool themselves for a new line of work.  Some couldn't adjust, and bad things happened to them.  IN the middle of this major change, we had the Depression.  Today, we are leaving this manufacturing base behind and moving toward high tech and information.  THis is a fundamental change in our economy, and with it goes turmoil.  It is the nature of capitalism to reallocate resources to new tasks that are more robust and profitable.  As the rest of the world catches up to our manufacturing ability, that skill is in less demand, and resources flow toward the new tasks that give us a competitive advantage - high tech, information, software etc.    It is up to workers to prepare themselves for this new trend.  Gone are the days when you could turn a screw at GM for 30 years and get your retirement pension.  Those days were gone fifteen years ago, but the public still seems to think that those ways should be preserved.  We impose tariffs and trade laws to artificially prop up failing industries, trying to stop the tide of progress.  All we manage to do is make the inevitably adjustment more painful when the crash comes along.  We don't pour steel anymore.  We don't make big metal objects.  The Chinese and Koreans can do it just as well, and for less money.  Preserving these industries is perpetuating poverty and a steadily declining standard of living for those that hang on to the old ways.  As for the rise in poverty numbers, the answer is not to soften the blow of being poor.  We do that too much.  Subsidize, tax credits, free health care, all of this just makes poverty more bearable, without addressing the real issue.  OUr efforts should be focused on stimulating business through tax cuts, incentives and a less rigorous set of laws restraining the ability of business to grow and prosper.  We are doing nothing to increase the demand for labor in this country.  This increased demand will pull people into the workforce, lifting them from poverty.  This is much more effective than handing out even more money without changing the nature of our economy.  Let companies fail.  Let whole industries go out of business.  Provide some basic help to those trying to make the transition, but at the same time, allow new industries to have a go at it.  It is going to be painful, and difficult, and some aren't going to make it, but facing reality is much more effective than postponing the crash and allowing it to multiply.  My father told me an interesting story this weekend.  He works for a non-union company that will come to a factory on the behalf of a supplier and help deal with the suppliers bad parts on site.  Sort of a mobile Quality group that saves time by working on the parts at the plant, rather than having to ship the bad parts all the way back to the supplier for repair.  A union shop had received a batch of parts that turned out to be defective.  They needed to be sorted, so my dad's company was called in to do the work.  They were denied entry into the union facility because they were not union themselves.  The parts were not sorted, and had to be shipped back to the supplier.  As a result, the plant shut down because of a part shortage.  The union employees were laid off for a week because of thier policy of preventing non-union workers from entering 'thier' plant.  And we want to defend and subsidize this behavior?