         I was watching Fox News this weekend, and on one of the financial shows, I saw an old man dispense wisdom in such clear language, I had to repeat it here.  I don't remember his name, but he was some Wall Street guru who commanded a great deal of respect.  The way he quietly explained the export of jobs struck me like a hammer.  I had been grappling with my belief that this is a good thing, searching for a way to put words to what I knew to be true, but he nailed it.  Companies who export certain jobs to India, like help desk or programming, do not do so out of long term profit.  There is a short term gain, but that is quickly competed away as more industries follow suit, driving up the prices in India and eating into the profits gained by export.  Downward pressures on service pricing will be realized through the natural competitive cycle of business.  Prices will match costs, and the reduced labor cost will be felt by the consumer.  What this does is reduce prices, making things cheaper,and freeing up cash for other things.  The consumer will get more for their money, and have more left over for other purposes.  This excess cash is what creates demand for new industries.  Just as business computers drove down prices, consumers eventually had enough money left over to buy 'luxury' items like computers or cable TV.  That drives a new demand that needs to be serviced, and new industries fill those gaps.  This is a healthy cycle.  Those who lose their jobs to India represent the slack labor pool that can be accessed by new companies.  The labor pool is replenished, holding down the cost of labor and allowing the new start ups to access this labor for lest cost, meaning more start ups can afford to give it a go.  If the labor market was not replenished, labor cost will continue to rise, making it near impossible for new ventures to get going due to the lack of talented, educated workers who are willing to work for smaller salaries in the hopes of hitting it big later.  This has happened before.  All of the programers and technical support workers started off making very little money since there was little demand.  The old timers, who got in early and worked for peanuts reaped substantial rewards for their labor.  As the industry matured, entry level jobs became quite lucrative, with plenty of promotions and raises available to anyone who was willing to work.  To say that those jobs will never be replaced is akin to saying that creativity is dead, and no new industries will ever be invented.  It is like saying that the world is static, and despite all the past examples, new products never gain acceptance.  We can't spend out lives doing what we did yesterday.  The loss of these jobs is a great thing for this economy.  It is the engine of capitalism, and we should see this as good tidings.  It keeps us healthy and allows innovation.    The man was brilliant.