           End of a rags-to-shocking-riches tale   I haven't had the chance to speak about this, but I feel I should.  The whole story angers me to no end.  In case you haven't been following, the Chairman of the NYSE, Grasso, received a $140 million dollar payout recently.  This caused an uproar, and subsequently, Grasso was forced to resign.  Why do we seem to have a problem when it comes to compensating someone for the work they do?  Why do we jump up and down and talk about 'unseemly' amounts of money, or 'fairness'?  If there was something illegal about this payout, then fine, investigate it.  But in this case, Grasso has earned this money over a 36 year career, essentially starting at one of the lowest levels and working his way up.  The attached article attests to his skills in guiding the NYSE to a prosperous era, yet the public is outraged that he is paid for his work?  Over a 36 year career, Grasso's retirement package piled up, eventually reaching the $140 million mark, plus another $48 million in deferred compensation that he wrongly turned down.  That amounts to around $3.8 million a year in retirement.  Listen, if the NYSE is running my retirement account, I EXPECT them to get a large rate of return!  There is nothing wrong with this.  This is American Success, defined!  Yet the class warfare, anti-achievement mentality has managed to marshal enough anger to force Grasso to resign.  No tears for him, as he has enough money to live well - but it still shouldn't have happened.  How many hungry people have been fed by the resignation of Grasso?  How many poor people clothed?  How many opportunities improved?  The persecution of Grasso has done nothing, other than normalize the concept that there is such a thing as 'too much salary'.  The very concept is absurd.  The market has dictated Grasso's pay, just as it dictates my pay, and your pay.  We are worth the money we can make through legal means, and that is what this country is all about.  You have no obligation to another man when it comes to the money you earn.  It simply is no one else's business.    The social collective won another battle with the Grasso Affair.  Now we must evaluate the sensibilities of the teeming masses when it comes to compensating people for a fine job.  Isn't that what a Union is all about?