         This came along from Don as well.  I'm going to post it because it is a vile, senseless example of the kind of thing we should NOT be tolerating as Americans.  It really is demeaning to the person who circulates it, and reflects on the rest of us if we tolerate it.  Idiots who write this have the freedom to do so, but they should be ostracized by reasonable men.  Post follows: Everyone seems to be wondering why Muslim terrorists are so quick to commit suicide.  Let's see now:    No Jesus,   No Walmart,   No television,   No cheerleaders,   No baseball,   No football,   No basketball,   No hockey,   No golf,   No tailgate parties,   No Home Depot,   No pork BBQ,   No hot dogs,   No burgers,   No lobster,   No shellfish, or even frozen fish sticks,   No gumbo, No jambalaya.    More than one wife.   Rags for clothes and towels for hats.   Constant wailing from the guy next-door because he's sick and there are no doctors.   Constant wailing from the guy in the tower.    No chocolate chip cookies.   No Christmas.   You can't shave.   Your wives can't shave.   You can't shower to wash off the smell of donkey cooked over burning camel dung.   The women have to wear baggy dresses and veils at all times.    Your bride is picked by someone else.    She smells just like your donkey, but your donkey has a better disposition.    Then they tell you that when you die it all gets better!    I mean, really, IS THERE A MYSTERY HERE ??   End Post.  The radical Muslims in the Middle East want to keep their people living in the twelfth century, but the average Muslim is just as deserving of liberty and freedom as anyone else.  I detest those that say Iraq is not ready for freedom, or that freedom and a Republican Government is foreign to the Arab mind.  These are human beings, trapped up in a backwards, ignorant faith that needs reform.  As human beings, they are deserving of dignity and respect, and we are trying to provide that through the blood of our own.  Sure, there is a powerful self interest in our actions over there, but in the long run, none of us are safe until all men are free.