         Don "The Islamic Scholar" Barda dropped me a line this morning.    Todd after doing the little bit of research that I have done I'm starting to  believe your right. Islam needs to sit back, take a look at themselves and  fix the fucking problem. I can't see how a westerner of average intelligence  could convert to this religion. I am by no means an expert but this religion  seems to me to be full of contradictions and excuses. I, however, do not  agree with people hating a person do to there believe in Islam. We had a  little problem back in the 30's and 40's that dealt with the hate issue,  that I can see happening today (to a much lesser degree). I'll send you an  e-mail that I received last night that is reminiscent of Nazi propaganda.  I'm not trying to defend Islam I'm trying to understand it. One of the points brought up in that link I sent you, (The A to Z of Islam)  that I laughed at was their environmental cause. Don't know if you read that  part. If it is of great concern to a Muslim to protect the environment why  in Allah's name do they sell their oil, filthy, dirty, polluting oil. Anyway I'm sure you are getting tired of my e-mails on Islam. I'll try to  comment more but I think the links speak for themselves. Will you be in Toledo this weekend? Let me know. If not have a good weekend. One more thing how do you get any work done, the work you get paid for?  End Email  To answer the questions in the lowest order of importance.  I will not be in Toledo this weekend.  Maybe next weekend.  As for work, I have been fortunate in my life to hold jobs that seem to come with free time.  Blogging really doesn't take much added effort, as I usually package up my comments and fire them off in email form anyway.  Now I'm just putting them in one place to make it easier for my friends to ignore.    I agree with Barda-man when he says we shouldn't hate a Muslim due to their faith.  There is a growing tide of broad condemnation of all Muslims, and that sort of thing has no place in our society.  However, I still have a problem with the current state of their faith, and their seeming unwillingness to reform.  A Muslim does not deserve my scorn until they act in a manner that is scornworthy.  They are innocent until proven otherwise.  That being said, we can't overlook the fact that Muslim terrorists are responsible for a lot of Bad Things.  To ignore this fact is foolish and dangerous.  Profiling is a proper practice, and while I sympathize with the law abiding Arab-American, there isn't much we can do to protect his sensibilities.  A quiet security check is proper.  Open scorn and harassment is certainly not.    I have been fortunate enough to have encountered many people of different nationalities and faiths in my working life.  These encounters have almost always been enjoyable, and certainly fascinating.  I've learned a lot, and had some illusions dispelled.  My issues are not with Muslims who seek a peaceful existence with the West.  But my issues with Islam  as practiced today in the Middle East  cannot be easily dropped.  Keep it going Don.  I really enjoy hearing about what you have discovered.