           CNN.com - Recall proponents urge court to let election proceed - Sep. 17, 2003   I don't believe I've weighed in on the recall in California.  I think I might surprise some people.  I think the recall is wrong, and I would vote to retain Gray-Out Davis.  A recall process should not be in the hands of the people.  We have a process for that in the federal Constitution, called impeachment, and the states would do well to follow that example.  A direct recall smacks too much of Democracy, and Democracy is fundamentally an evil force.  The progression towards Democracy in California will eventually spell doom for the state, and by extension, severe damage to this country.  Unfortunately, the entire nation has been drifting toward the concept of Democracy for a very long time now.  Even Republicans use the term Democracy when describing our country, and it hurts me every time I hear it.  Democracy destroys every nation that has ever embraced it.  With apologies to Neal Boortz, this is from his site.  "A pure democracy can admit no cure for the mischief's of faction.  A common passion or interest will be felt by a majority, and there is nothing to check the inducements to sacrifice the weaker party.  Hence it is, that democracies have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property; and have, in general, been as short in their lives as they have been violent in their deaths."  James Madison.  That being said, like it or not, the recall is in the California Constitution and carries the force of law.  The actions of the Ninth Circuit panel in blocking the recall is the first time in the history of the country where a judicial body has cancelled an election.  Did you feel the ground move?  This is a watershed moment in our history, when the federal judiciary feels confident enough to meddle in the only element of our government that should be held sacred - the right to elect a representative.  (Note, this is vastly different from the concept of Democracy.)  Thanks to Bush V Gore and the Florida mess, the door to litigation in election has been thrown wide open.  I told my father in the midst of the Florida recount that this moment will be marked in history as the start of our decline as a nation.  The unassailable had been assailed.  The line that could not be crossed, was.  And now every election can be tossed into the courts, until the system becomes so distorted and untrustworthy, the very fabric of our nation will tear.    The ninth circuit is the most overturned court in the nation.  They gave us the PLedge of allegiance ruling.  They aren't really better than the Florida Supreme Court, who started this mess through a naked attempt at violating equal protection by counting some votes and not others.  Ironically, the Ninth Circuit has used Bush V Gore to cancel this election, but the application is bad law.  Bush V Gore applied to the narrow question of recounts.  It does not apply, and the Supremes took great care to spell this out, to the actual act of voting.  To cancel an election over the 'potential' of failed machines makes the argument that it is better to disenfranchise 50 million people rather than a few thousand.  If the precedent is set that a perfect voting mechanism is required before you can have an election, what is the threshold for perfect?  Can ANY election be trusted under that standard?  I should note that the panel of judges was appointed by Presidents who had been elected with the same voting machines.  So do these judges hold their posts legitimately?