          A Quick Word About Modern Warfare   In WW2, we fought the Japanese, the Italians, and the Germans. While we did fight their armed forces and killed their people, we did not truly wage war on their countries. We were fighting their cultures. Nazism, Fascism, and the militarism of Japan had led their peoples to wage war and conquer their neighbors. We in America beleived in peace and self-determination. Once the battles with guns and bombs were over, the true battle could begin. We had to bring these people to their senses and educate them that their previous ideals were wrong. It does seem that we have succeeded.   The Soviet Union was also engaged with us in a war of ideas. Again we proved the superiority of our culture and ideals. In the case of the Soviets, they were intelligent enough to never actually engage us on the battlefeild,as the carnage would have been overwhelimg for both sides. When enough time had passed and the lesson had been learned, the people of the Soviet Union threw off thier shackles of Communism and are now striving towards the same goals as we are. Victory came to us by strength and resolve, not by tolerating opposition or caving to demands.  Yet when faced with the same task today, it seems many in America would balk. Islamic fundamentalism is our enemy. We must defeat it in order to maintain our way of life. The benighted peoples under this delusion think that we have somehow stolen their birthright from them. That they have a manifest destiny to decide the shape of the world. That is not the case. Our culture is superior to theirs, and we must prove it to them. We will prove it by force and by love. The kind of love that would pull a man up out of the gutter and give him something to do.   The peoples under the delusion of fundamentalism have nothing better to do than to hate the U.S. and to bemoan thir predicament. We need to bring industry and commerce to these peoples. In many ways the oil resources in some countries have held them back. Why develop industry or agriculture if you can pump wealth out of the ground? Hopefully, we will remake Iraq into a thriving modern state. We must at least ensure that it remains at peace and democratic. If we can show that prosperity and tranquility are attainable in the Middle East, it will provide the inspiration for those in repressed societies that yearn for it.   Just as we showed the Soviets that life could be better without communism, so must we demonstrate to the Arab world the benefits and promise of living as Americans. Iraq is our showroom.