         Dan Barda weighed in this morning on the Koran.    Spent a few hours last night reading the Qur'aan and found some more license to kill verses with a catch. I did notice, however, that with in the Qur'aan Allah, kind of reminds me of Jimmy from Seinfeld. The Qur'aan is suppose to be the word of God with no human interference except that it was given to a messenger through the angle Gabriel. The verses I've read all sound like, well a man wrote them and that that messenger is using his own words. ex:"Surely Allah is Forgiving" like duh why wouldn't he be.  Just a thought. Hope you got the Seinfeld reference  22:39, Permission to fight is given to those upon whom war is made because they are oppresses and most surely Allah is well able to assist them   In regards to 2:191 I think you should have included the verse before (190) and the one after (192) And fight in the CAUSE of Allah with those who fight with you, and do not exceed the limits. Surely Allah does not love those who exceed the limits. insert (2:191 here) "Give it to my Baby" (The Offspring; Americana c.1998) But if they desist then surely Allah is Forgiving, Merciful. And fight with them until there is no persecution and religion should be only for Allah but if they desist then there should be no hostility except against the oppressors.  End Email  For those that don't recall, Jimmy was the guy who spoke about himself in the Third Person.  "Jimmy is on fire!"  "Jimmy is thirsty" and so on.    I don't think I get the Offspring parenthetical reference though...  As for context, I concede that I do not have the verses on each side of the items I posted.  It would be interesting to check them, just to be fair.  The reference Don gives here does seem to support the idea that Islam will not tolerate other religions.    And fight with them until there is no persecution and religion should be only for Allah but if they desist then there should be no hostility except against the oppressors.  Religion only for Allah?  What does desist mean?  Submitting to Allah, or just not persecuting Muslims?  I remember seeing something about 'oppression' being defined as any continued worship of any God other than Allah.  I need to look for that, but my seachable Koran link is not working this morning.