           DOWD   Just in case anyone doesn't know, DOWD must be capitalized because she is the most insane columnist for the NYT. Read her column and you will agree she is in a class by herself.  Now, on to the commentary:  "Far from being the swift and gratifying lesson in U.S. dominance that Cheney & Co. predicted, our incursion into Iraq is turning into a spun-out, scary lesson in the dangers of hubris. "  Last time I checked, we won Iraq in record time. It was an awesome and terrible display of power by the U.S. Momar Quadafi got the message. He called up to remind us that he's not a threat to us. The Colonel in charge of Libya has been a good boy ever since Reagan blew up Quadafi's son's tent with him in it.   "I've actually gotten to the point where I hope Dick Cheney is embroiled in a Clancyesque conspiracy to benefit Halliburton. Because if it's not a conspiracy, it's naïveté and ideology. And that means our leaders have used goofball logic and lousy assumptions to trap the country in a cockeyed replay of the Crusades that could drain our treasury and strain our military for generations, without making us any safer from terrorists and maybe putting us more at risk."  The simple fact of the matter is that Haliburton is one of the only contractors that could manage something as massive as rebuilding the infrastructure of Iraq. Who else should do it? DOWD offers no alternative other than to admit defeat and withdraw. Why would a sign of weakness make the threat of terrorism recede? Would it not show that we can be bullied, threatened, and that we lack resolve?  "On 9/11's second anniversary, seven in 10 Americans still believe Saddam had a role in the attacks, even though there is no evidence of it, according to a Washington Post poll. That is because the president has done his level best to conflate 9/11 and Saddam and did so again in his speech on Sunday night.  Iraq never threatened U.S. security. Bush officials cynically attacked a villainous country because they knew it was easier than finding the real 9/11 villain, who had no country. And now they're hoist on their own canard."  I believe Saddam might have been connected with 9/11. He at least celebrated when it happened, and he harbored Al-Queda. And the Bush Doctrine of attacking both terrorists and the sates that harbor them must be followed if we are to have victory. We must make Iraq an example of what happens when you disobey the United States. It was necessary to show our strength, to restore the facade of invincibility that is our true protection.   Just as the Hydrogen Bomb protected us for 50 years against the Soviet menace, so too must the example of Iraq and Afghanistan protect us from the terrorist menace. We can not police the entire world. We must force states to police themselves. And the best and most effective means is by threats. "It could happen to you." the ground war was amazing in Iraq, but the "decapitation" attacks were even more astounding. There is no question that Saddam would have been dead if we knew where he was. We have shown we can kill leaders of countries that offend us at a moments notice. It follows that leaders of states that would be partial to terrorists might reconsider harboring them if doing so might mean the end of their power.  "By pretending Iraq was crawling with Al Qaeda, they've created an Iraq crawling with Al Qaeda.   As Donald Rumsfeld finished up an upbeat talk at the National Press Club here yesterday, brushing off hecklers and calling the global war on terror "well begun," cable began airing fresh Flintstones video of Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri encouraging the Iraqi and Islamic fighters to "bury" American troops and send them to their mothers in coffins."  Good! This is exactly what we want. A small shooting gallery of Islamic fanatics. I say let them come. Better over there than over here. And putting American servicemen in danger to protect the rest of us is what the military is for. Once the military casualties equal 3000 in one day, then I might consider the operation a failure.  "The Bush team's logic before the war was infuriatingly Helleresque, and it still is."  I have no idea what this means. COuld someone explain it to me please?  "Mr. Rumsfeld, who was so alarmed about Saddam's W.M.D. before the war, is now so nonchalant that he said he did not even bother to ask David Kay, who runs the C.I.A.'s search for W.M.D. in Iraq, what progress he'd made when meeting with him in Iraq last week.  "I have so many things to do at the Department of Defense," Rummy told The Washington Post."  Look, DOWD. One of three situations exist. One, that WMD's do not exist in Iraq and Saddam destroyed or moved them without bothering to record proof to show us. He could have prevented the invasion by complying with the demands such as providing proof of the destruction of his WMDs. Two, that we have failed to find the WMDs because they are hidden too well. Three, that we have found them and are waiting for the right moment to reveal them.  No what exactly should Donald Rumsfeld be doing right now about the WMDs? Should he be "combing the desert" for them personally? What does it matter really? The threat of Saddam in power in Iraq with WMDs at his disposal is now gone. Mission accomplished. One less state harboring terrorists.  "Asked at the press club why our intelligence analysts did not predict the extent of Iraq's decayed infrastructure, Rummy said dismissively, "They were worrying about more important things." Yeah, like how to get Dick Cheney off their backs."  Those "important things" included Saddam's location, military targets, troop locations, and plans to actually win the war. DOWD loves to make snide little jabs at administration officials. She can't make any solid accusations or prove anything, so she resorts to name calling and innuendo.  "Testifying before the Senate on Tuesday on the $87 billion request, Paul Wolfowitz, the Pentagon official who pushed so hard to own Iraq and control it, said, "We have no desire to own this problem or to control it." There may not be much choice, given Colin Powell's pessimistic warning to Congress yesterday that no allies want to help us pick up the tab for rebuilding a country full of people who revile us."  It is true Wolfowitz campaigned very hard for action in Iraq, but not to control or won it as DOWD suggests. He saw it as what it was - a grave threat to the national security of the U.S. Now that threat is gone. As for the people of Iraq reviling us, I refer you to Todd's post on the first scientific opinion poll done in Iraq. The numbers there show that the people do not hate us, and in fact want us to stay until their country is stable and can stand on its own.