         9/11  There has to be a post about 9/11.  On 9/10/01, on the way home from work, my car started acting funny.  It would not kick into high gear, and maintained high RPMs in a lower gear.  So the next morning, I had to drop the car at the dealer to have it checked out.  Diane followed me over while I dropped the car, and then I took her to work and then headed down to Manchester in her car.  It was about an hour drive or so.  On the way, I'm listening to the usual blathering morning show on FM radio.  At one point, the female on the show stopped what she was saying and said "That's weird.  A plane has crashed into the WTC."  Then she goes back to her shtick.  I'm thinking commuter plane, Cessna, private pilot?  Was it foggy?  I thought about the bomber that crashed into the Empire State Building in the fog.    So I started scanning the stations, trying to get some news.  I latch on to a live interview with a witness who is describing that it was a commercial airliner.  I remember thinking something must have really been wrong with that pilot!  I still thought it was accident.  The witness was describing the damage when he suddenly shrieked.  I can't describe it any other way.  He shrieked and began to scream that there was another plane, and a fireball.  The anchor saw it live and was explaining it over the cries of the witness.  About that time I realized I was doing about 20 MPH and had two wheels way over in the dirt.  It didn't seem important.  A few moments later, I was driving like a lunatic to get to work.  The radio was going crazy.  I ran into the building and went right to my desk.  The people I passed had no idea.  One of the drawbacks of working out in the middle of nowhere was the lack of radio signals.  I could not get a single station from inside the plant.  The internet was jammed, and I could only get tiny portions of pages to load, not enough for any news.  I'm sitting in an information vacuum.  Friends start to cycle through my office, making rounds to see if anyone had anything at all.  About that time, a portion of a page came up and said 'Pentagon hit.'  I think that was the moment I felt the proverbial chill.  Later, I saw a report of the State Department in flames, which turned out to be wrong.    I ended up calling my mother, since I didn't know anyone else who would be home in front of a TV.  She filled me in with what she knew, and I recited it word for word to the crowd in my office.  About that time, she said "The tower just fell."  I remember staring at a memo on my desk.  I replied, "You mean a piece of it came off?"  "No, the whole thing just fell."  I stared again for a moment.  "No, some debris fell off of it."  I just couldn't get it through my head.  It wasn't possible.  I told the group, and when I looked up a few seconds later, my office was empty.  I hung up and went back to the internet.  About that time, I heard that someone got a TV going in the lobby.  I got there and watched through a snowy, broken picture as tower two fell.  But I thought I was watching a replay of Tower One!  They cut to another angle and I saw both towers missing.  It then occurred to me what I had seen.  The rest of the day is kind of a blur.  There will be calls to remember today, and to renew our efforts and all that.  I won't repeat them.  But something did occur to me this morning when I heard yet another talking head going on and on about Saddam having nothing to do with 9/11.  I think we are missing the point.  The war on Terror is not vengeance for 9/11.  The mission is not to take out the 9/11 culprits, dust ourselves off and go home.  The mission is to create a world where things like 9/11 do not happen.  That means going after anyone who thought 9/11 was a good idea, or anyone who would entertain such thoughts in the future.  Saddam may not have been involved, but he certainly would be happy to support future actions.  We are in a new type of war, a war of pre-emption.  We aren't going to wait to be hit anymore.  So Saddam's actions really has little to do with the war.  He has demonstrated his nature, and we can't afford to share a planet with him.  So can we get off the misguided notion that this our fight is out of vengeance?