         RE: ANTI-PENUT JIHAD  I was referring mainly to the mentality of the anti-penut people. They are being hysterical, and honestly Mark is being hysterical too. Why would your baby have contact with penuts anyway? Can't you test for this allergy?   The pharase "The insane crusade against penuts continues!" was an allusion to the mentality of those enforcing the confiscation of children's lunches at the public scrool. They decided that the idiot children and idiot parents couldn't be trusted with penuts because they might somehow harm the poor, defenseless kid with allergies.   Since Mark seemed to take offense to my harsh outlook on this issue, I must continue to bait him with this statement:   If the kid is stupid enough to eat penuts even though he knows it could kill him, then he deserves whatever happens to him, including death. Better he takes himself out now while he's not very important.   This phrase was nominated for greater explanation: "Now the forefront of this heroic struggle to protect the weak and stupid from themselves has a new front: Kindergarten." By this is meant that the socialist agenda of subordinating individual rights and responsibilities for those of the group continues to be shoved down children's throats. It might not seem that way at fist glance, considering it was the group's rights and priviledges that were impacted in this case. But in the end, every individual in the group lost his rights so as to protect someone from something they needed no one's help to be protected from.   The child was judged by the teachers and its parent to be too weak and stupid to protect itself. I am merely reporting on that judgment. I suppose the child really is stupid and weak if it cannot keep penuts out of its mouth. Why not just send a note home with all the other kids telling their parents to instruct their children not to share penuts with the allergic child?   Todd is absolutely right that my fight is with the "nanny mentality." I resent the idea that individual responsibility is not sufficient to protect and guide my life. I do not need some group to dictate what is best for me. The only groups I belong to I do so voluntarily. The group "people with penuts allergies" is just one more group of victims to the Leftists that needs to be protected. And the only reason these retarded warning labels like "may or may not have been processed in a plant that also processes penuts" exist is to protect against lawsuits. If those with penut allergies didn't try to capitalize on thier own problem and make money off of food producers, this warning label would not exist.   My final point: Do not let "the children" ever be a reason to abandon reason for emotion. In the final analysis, children are NOT as important as adults. Case in point: What husband would choose to sacrifice his wife to save an unborn child? This is of course assuming the husband loves his wife.   Another hypothetical situation. You have two buttons. One will kill a child, the other will kill an adult. You must push a button. you know nothing about the two people, and you will never see them. Which to push? Only emotion and instict would have you choose the child. Weighing their worth makes the adult obviously worth saving over the child.  Just a little taste of thought and sunshine to start the day off right.