         My brother Mark takes issue with Mike's anti-anti-peanut rant.  I've never understood the sudden rise in peanut allergies.  We've had peanuts for centuries, and suddenly they seem to be poison in microgram quantities.  I'm not saying the allergies don't exist, far from it.  I just don't understand WHY they are so common now.   Mark: I would like to comment about Mike's response about the raging "Socialism" at work regarding the Peanut Ban at that school in CA.  I don't think Mike is up to speed on the seriousness of the recent rise in peanut allergies.  Much like autism, for reasons unknown peanut allergies are rising astronomically in children now.  Jack's (my one year old) doctor forbade us to give him ANYTHING that has come into contact with peanut or peanut oil until after his first birthday.  When his grandmother accidentally gave him a peanut butter sandwich it induced a comment from the nurse along the lines of watch him close, the first sign of possible breathing problems call 911.  Pretty intense.  My wife's close friend just had a cousin literally DIE in a thai restaurant because he didn't know and forgot to ask if Pad Thai had peanuts.     These are 5 year old kids, they don't have a true understanding of danger.  They hang upside down from very high monkeybars for god sakes (at least, where those have not been banned).  It would be easy for a kid with life threatening allergies to come into contact or ingest something unknowingly dangerous and innocuous enough not to be obvious (like swallowing a piece of glass).  At it's heart this is a discussion of should a large group conform for the interests of a single person.  Usually I say no.  But the hardship of forgoing peanut products does not out-weigh depriving the child of a public education.  This is not a matter of convenience, he doesn't just get a rash.  Anyway, with the explosive rise of peanut allergies, you are going to see this thing happen all over the place.     I will agree that the method of enforcing the ban was atrocious.  There should have been public debate, informative PTA sessions and a thorough explanation and review of the new procedures and policies.  That made the whole affair seem more draconian and hard core socialist.   Explain to me what you meant by the phrase: The insane crusade against penuts continues! Do you think there is not a rise in peanut allergies, or do you think the severity of peanut allergies are over exaggerated?   Also, this phrase: Now the forefront of this heroic struggle to protect the weak and stupid from themselves has a new front: Kindergarten Are you implying that people with life threatening allergies are weak?  Or those that have life threatening allergies and are too young or unable to control all aspects of their environment that contains the allergic material are stupid?  I think you may have been over-exaggerating and kidding a bit, I just wanted to make sure.   End email.   My personal view leans more toward education rather than banning.  If it is as serious as it seems, we should be screening children for the allergy, and treat it as seriously as asthma.  This children should be identified and the school authorities made aware of the condition and the emergency action.  If a child has asthma, we don't ban play time outside.  Same for peanuts.  I think the point of Mike's comments strike more to the root of the 'nanny' mentality that exists in today's world.  We strive to make it super safe, when some of this safety falls to individual responsibility.  Like the Walt Williams column I linked to yesterday.  If we begin to trade individual responsibility for the common good, where does it stop?  This particular issue is difficult because it involves children.  Whenever children are involved, we tend to start throwing out theoretical arguments about liberty for the assurance of safety.  I understand the tendency, but I can't agree with it.  Peanuts are indeed a small thing.  No one will suffer because they didn't have their peanut butter at lunch.  BUt the premise that the final solution is a restriction on the group rather than proactive action by the affected person, suggests an erosion of our collective responsibility to ourselves.  Now we will entertain all sorts of comments about the rights of smokers, an the documented effects of second hand smoke et al.  If you can document a health risk, then can you ban an action such as smoking?  Whose rights trump the other?  Does the smoker have the right to smoke in public?  You could say that as a non-smoker, I have the right to occupy a public place without the health risk, but is that true?  Do I have such a right?  Or is it my duty to remove myself from hazardous areas?  I favor a voluntary ban on smoking in public places such as malls and restaurants.  It is up to the owner to decide.  However in 'captive' environments such as air travel where the non-smoker has no opportunity to remove himself, I think you have to enforce a ban.  It is a messy question, full of twists and turns.  I think it illustrates philosophical differences quite nicely.  The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few?  Or is individual freedom sacred at the expense of the group?  Anyway, sorry to get sidetracked.  I just want to know how many people are on a peanut crusade just for the crusade, and how many are really in physical danger.  Like Mark pointed out, the peanut issue was intense for him when medical professionals start talking about his son dying.  But in the end, I don't think there was a reaction (unless I missed it somewhere Mark?).  I wonder how many 'weak' parents don't react sensibly like Mark, and decide to go on a peanut jihad when it might not be warranted?  How many parents have forbidden all peanut contact when thier kid might be just fine?  Some articles:     ">       The second column reveals that out of 1.5 million peanut allergy sufferers, 100 die per year.  In 1998, 5400 people died of asthma out of a diagnosed population of 10.6 million.  That is a death rate of 1 out of every 1,962.  For peanuts, the death rate is 1 out of 15,000.       Also interesting: 20 kids a year die on the playground.   