           Other People's Sacrifice   It is always a glorious morning when Paul Krugman writes a column.  It brightens my day.  Krugman: Is he prepared to roll back some of those tax cuts, now that the costs of war loom so large? Is he even willing to stop urging Congress to make the 2001 tax cut permanent? Of course not.  Me:  Oh yeah, let's RAISE taxes right when the economy is starting to come back.  That should kill off whatever recovery we are experiencing.  Everytime he has an opportunity, Krugman goes after those tax cuts.  Krugman: Yet in the speech on Sunday he was still up to his usual tricks. Once again, he made a rhetorical link between the Iraq war and 9/11. This argument by innuendo reminds us why 69 percent of the public believes that Saddam was involved in 9/11, despite a complete absence of evidence. (There is, on the other hand, strong evidence of a Saudi link — but the administration's handling of that evidence borders on a cover-up.) And rather than acknowledge that the search for W.M.D. has come up empty, he declared that Saddam "possessed and used weapons of mass destruction" — 1991, 2003, what's the difference?  Me:  I don't think any reasonable person can maintain the argument that Saddam just loved the US and would never help anyone who wished us ill.  Perhaps there is no evidence of direct 9/11 involvement, but do you really think Saddam wouldn't aid and shelter terror groups?  As for the Saudis, yes, they are NOT our friends.  But we have to choose that fight at the proper moment.  We push the wrong way, and the oil fields go fundamentalist in a heartbeat.  Something like 45% of ther Saudi population is under 30, and they are poor and angry.  The House of Saud is not a friendly group of monarchs, but they stand between us and disaster.  In good time, they have to go, but we aren't ready to deal with that.  If the oil fields are lost to Islam, will the left be ready to invade?  I doubt it.  Our posture with the Saudis is uncomfortable, but so long as we refuse to exploit and develop our own natural resources, where are we going to get the energy to replace the flow from the Gulf?  We HAVE to protect the Saudi 'friendship', at least until we are in a position to force change.  This is what Iraq is all about.  We are trying to change the face of the Middle East.  A democratic, free, oil-producing Iraq sends ripples that will be felt in Damascas, Riyadh, and Tehran.  It is the most sensible long term effort we can make.  Otherwise, we will have to invade each of these nations and go through the Iraq experience multiple times.  As far as Krugman's last sentence above, he seems remarkably blase about Saddam's use of chemical weapons against Iran and the Kurds.  I guess atrocities only count if they are recent.