           Frankenfood: It's Not Easy to Live GMO-Free, by Chaelan MacTavish - Democratic Underground   Oh, man! This is going to be fun! Commence preperatins for rumbling!  "(W)e were assured by the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture (a former CEO of Monsanto) that this posed no risk whatsoever to human consumption.   If there is no risk, why are so many countries around the world banning GMOs from being allowed over their borders?"  The reason, which they cannot admit to, is that these foods are patented. Yes, some heartless corporation owns the particular strain of soybeans in this case. They seek to make a profit from this patented invention. Foreign countries are dirt-poor, and do not want to pay for the rights to grow this crop, so they cite some taboo against it as their reason for boycotting it.   "Two years ago they(the US Congress) sent millions of dollars worth of corn to Zimbabwe. The ship was stopped at the docks, and a port official asked for documents that would certify the cargo as being genetically unmodified. The ship's captain had no such documents, and did not know where the corn originally came from, or from what seed stock it was grown. The Zimbabwe government courteously thanked the captain for his time, told him to go home, and to take his corn with him. A poor starving country turned down tons of free corn because - well, they didn't know what it would do. "  They couldn't let it in because then their populace would realize that there was no danger to eating the corn. The leaders of Zimbabwe are using this irrational fear of science to maintain power. If the populace was educated so that they would discard their taboo, the evil foreigners would get rich by delivering superior crops to the impoverished farmers of Zimbabwe.  "In restaurants in the European Union, one may notice while scanning the menu that an occasional small "gm" note will be stuck to the side of certain dishes. This is because it is required by law to label any dishes or foods that may contain genetically modified ingredients. "  I remind you of my previous rant against the "may or may not have been processed in a plant that also processes peanuts." This is similar. I wonder how much this silly taboo is costing the people of Europe? Not that I have any sympathy for them.   " In Oregon last year, a public referendum to label GMOs went on the ballot; every newspaper and commercial break extolled the bill as unfair to America's farmers, with personal quotes from rural Oregonians who feared being put out of business should this bill pass. The bill failed, and the huge Agribusiness giants in the Midwest (that are the primary growers of GM crops) were safe from having us know who grew their food. "  I would have to say that the argument of the farmers and the "evil" corporations was the more persuasive to the ovters of Oregon, which is not a part of the Vast Right Wing Conspiracy. It was a Blue state last election, remember. Also, what is this "knowing who grew their food"? That was just sloppy writing.  "The booming organic industry, estimated to top $15 billion dollars this year worldwide, is addressing the needs of a large segment of consumers who have begun to question what they are eating. Popular health-food chains, such as Whole Foods, Nature's, and Wild Oats, now have customers ranging from the barefoot hippie, to the soccer mom, to the retired civil servant. Many people are opting to put tastier, healthier organic food on their table - and a rebellious few have taken the extra step to eliminating GMOs from their diet altogether. "  See the power of capitalism! You can persist in your folly and someone will make a product that will cater to your delusion! A case of the unseen manifesting its power in the real world. The "unseen" in this case being the dangers of genetically improved food. And who can truly say that organic food is tastier than non-organic?   "Sysco makes its money because it can deliver food to restaurants cheaper than a restaurant could buy it for anywhere else. Agribusiness makes money because they are so huge and have so much supply that they can sell for extremely cheap prices to edge out competition. Restaurants make money because they can buy cheap food from Sysco. "  I am impressed! He grasps the concept of enonomies of scale. The push to genetic modification is just another facet of this thing I like to call Progress. We are doing the same as has been done for thousands of years. We are breeding things with eachother to produce desirable traits. And in the end, who cares what components are used to make a food, a dog, or anything else as long as the outcome is desirable?  "omeone eating GMO-free usually begins by taking things out of their diet in stages; first fast food, then packaged foods with GMOs, then non-organic meat, then beer and wine, and lastly, eating out. This last step is usually the hardest, and shows the greatest commitment for one's own body, by being unable to go out for a bite with friends, or stopping to pick up dinner on the way home from work, to make food that you know is safe in your own kitchen."  This is funny. This is similar to my journey into the low-carb lifestyle, except I don't care where my food comes from. In fact, I would be more disposed to buy genetically modified food, since it won't need to ahve so many pesticides used on it or cost nearly as much. Any claim that genetically-modified food is unsafe is totally unfounded in facts.  "It is definitely cheaper to get all your food from a grocery chain like Albertsons, but the higher prices of organic food is what food really costs. To grow an ear of corn, get it to the farmers market, and to your plate, it costs twice as much as what a corporate chain would charge to get it from a subsidized Agribusiness farm onto their shelves. But that food isn't really food - its profit margins. "  Remember when I said he gets economies of scale? Forget I said it. The evil corporation rears its head again! I am sure his real problem with farm subsidies is that his precious hippies don't get any. Or not enough, since I am nearly certain they get subsidies.  "In capitalism, capital is what counts. If you would like to see more organic foods in your community, vote with your dollars, and start buying all organic. The businesses will follow, and eating GMO-free will soon be as simple as looking on the label. "  I say this is the right way to go about it. But I suspect that these people won't jsut vote with their greenbacks, but will use their shrill voices to cry for some sort of anti-capitalist legislation to force food producers to conform to their ideas. And that will just drive the prices up across the board.