           The "Poor"   My apologies, this was taken from a conversation with Todd. I did not refute the article fully, but this is another of the Fundamental Truths according to me.  I have noticed the term "progressive" showing up more and more. The Dems need to hijack another term for their use. It seems that simply being who they are is not good enough to get them back in power. So they ha to hide behind masks and lies.   "For further proof that wealthy Americans are getting richer while the poor multiply, watch for a report by the Census Bureau on Sept. 26 that will show the poverty rate and income gap rising."  A more useful stat would be the median income of Americans tracked over a 50-year period. And the percentages spent on basic essentials versus luxuries.  "With tax cuts for the wealthy and cruel budget cuts for social safety net programs, some believe the poverty rate for 2002 is really closer to the Bush I regime figure, that the Republicans are playing with figures and that the bureau's estimates fall far short of reality. "  How can anyone jump so far in their ilogic? So cutting handouts and actually leaving money in the hands of those who earned it somehow increases the total number of those in poverty? I would love to hear a full explanation of this, but it will never come. We are expected to draw a conclusion from the fact that the amount of "poor" have risen and the amount of money wealthy posess has also risen. But honestly, it would be a catastrophe if the wealthy did not continue to build wealth. It's what they DO. If they couldn't do it they wouldn't remain wealthy.  "Cities like Phoenix, Miami, Los Angeles and Chicago reported increases of around 50 percent between January 2001 and July 2003. Homeless shelters are overcrowded; in 2002, the U.S. Conference of Mayors reported that 30 percent of all requests for shelter went unmet."  Maybe the cities have opened the floodgates themselves by offering too many handouts. Beggars will no go where there is no mark to panhandle from. This is not Depression-era suffering. This is a bunch of drug addicts and people who choose to live this way. Illiterate Mexians can come here and live fairly comfortably. What excuse to these bums have?  "Those trends particularly increased in the first six months of 2003, as Bush's cruel budget cuts and tax increases for the poor took greater effect, Shaft wrote. Some 60 percent of new homeless cases targeted single mothers with children in 2003. "  We know what this means. Welfare mothers. Mothers who have had children that they knew they couldn't afford. I say this should stop. Why pay for more unfit mothers? Why create more sub-optimal families? And Bush never increased taxes on the poor. They don't pay any federal taxes, yet they recieve the greatest portion of aid. This system has a name, and the name is Communism. "Each according to his ability, each according to his need." - Karl Marx.  "Other causes are the continued onslaught of corporate layoffs, which have slowed only slightly this year over the torrid pace of 2001 and 2002, and the decline in value of the minimum wage, which has fallen by 25 percent since 1975. "  This is no excuse. Make do with less. Welcome to real life! Many poor immigrants have to live together, in cramped conditions. But they do not actually seek this existence. They see it as a stepping stone to prosperity. The problem with the "poor" is that they are poor in mind and spirit, not in money. Money does not make one rich. It is the person who is rich or poor. Donald Trump would be  wealthy again in short order if he was suddenly penniless. He knows how to make money, and he seeks it constantly. The "poor" seek poverty. They have made and continue to make poor choices because they are more expedient. Buying lotto tickets is not going to make you rich. Nor is a Firebird. Nor is a gold tooth. Becoming more inherintly valuable is the only real path to wealth.  By coddling these people who seek to be poor, we only perpetraate their lifestyle. If being poor was truly a hardship, there would be far fewer poor people.