           Op-Ed Columnist: A Big Quarter   Krugman wastes no time denigrating yesterdays economic news.  He must have had this one written and waiting for a long time.  Krugman:  My purpose is not to denigrate the impressive estimated 7.2 percent growth rate for the third quarter of 2003. It is, rather, to stress the obvious: we've had our hopes dashed in the past, and it remains to be seen whether this is just another one-hit wonder.  Me:  Your purpose is NOT to denigrate the growth rate?  Then why does your entire column do just that?  It seems the Left either 1) dwells on the past as a prediction of the future, 2) ignores the present and say the future might be much worse, or 3) hold thier hands over their ears and repeat "nyah nyah nyah" as loud as they can when confronted with good news.  Krugman: Stephen Roach of Morgan Stanley has suggested, plausibly, that much of last quarter's consumer splurge was "borrowed" from the future: consumers took advantage of low-interest financing, cash from home refinancing and tax rebate checks to accelerate purchases they would otherwise have made later. If he's right, we'll see below-normal purchases and slower growth in the months ahead.  Me: I love market people.  You can round up a half dozen in a room and get 6 wildly divergent theories about what the numbers mean.  Most of this colum is a bunch of economspeak, so read at your own risk.  Krugman: Still, it's possible that we really have reached a turning point. If so, does it validate the Bush economic program? Well, no.   Me:  I guess that's all there is to say, eh Paul?  Even if the economy improves, Bush had nothing to do with it.  In fact, it improved DESPITE Bush's best attempts to kill it.  I imagine Bush is sitting the in the White House, fuming in rage that the damned economy improved!  He wants it dead!  He wants more poor, more destitute.  And the economy just keeps coming back like Lazarus, despite his best effort.  Krugman is such a hyper-partisan.  Bush could present the heads of Saddam and Osama, preside over the hotest economy since Reagan, and cure AIDS...but Krugman would blame him for the solar flares.  It really is pathetic that this 'voice of the Left' has devolved to a caricature of himself.