         Don sent two emails today, both are somewhat amusing.    First - Hey Todd, Was watching O'Reilly tonight and was reading the ticker tape news. Former  Pres. Bill Clinton said we should be working hard to make friends instead of  enemies because we can't go around invading, occupying and jailing every  rouge nation out there. Ok maybe not everyone. Wasn't it after GWI that  Usama got upset with the U.S. Wasn't he in power then? Also wasn't it during  his administration that N. Korea started its nuclear program. I don't know  thought I read something about Osama's hatred for America was because we up  and left without helping. Kill Bill vol. I rocks, if you like ultraviolent Q.T. movies. Great sound  track and has his "start the movie at the ending" trademark. Havent seen the  second Matrix movie but the preveiws for the 3rd look awesome. I'm still reading Shogun for God sakes. Started that one back in May but  baseball season is over so now its time to catch up on life. D. Simmons has  a new one out but I want to get "The Elegant Universe" first. Hope the wife  is doing better. Later Don  And then a little later -   Battlefield Earth: A Saga of the Year 3000 .How disappointed were you with  this mess of a movie! L. Ron should come back from the grave and smack Johny T. in the head with  his dick for making that one  End emails.  I have to admit, I managed to not see Battlefield Earth.    I did see the ticker about Clinton's comments that we can't arrest everyone.  I saw another clip where he said he knew about Blair's heart problem before hand (much to the surprise of Tony Blair who never discussed it with him, or apparently knew about it himself), and another comment by the Priapic One about how he knew that AIDS had to be addressed in Africa long before it came to world attention.  I am putting a lot of faith in the ability of History to place Clinton in his proper perspective down the road.  He will always be a small man who squandered opportunity.  The American people got what they deserved with him.