          Random Drivel   Here are some random thoughts rattling around in my head today.  Movies  Kill Bill Vol.1 was actually very good. It is not for everyone of course, as the cartoon violence and basic lack of plot will turn many away. But since I knew it was going to be a stylish expedition into the Hong Kong cinema I was not dissapointed. Being that I am a casual enthusiast of John Woo's good movies such as The Killer and Hard Boiled I recognized many homages. I haven't seen enough movies with samurai swords to notice where Tarentino took those shots from.   If you do enjoy some good action, silly gratuitous blood fountains, and really slick editing and choreography, go see Kill Bill. It's a good two hours of entertainment.  Lord of the Rings  My introduction to Lord of the Rings is strange, to say the least. I had heard about it here and there, since I was somewhat into Science Fiction. I got involved in collectible card games, specifically Magic. Then i see this new game come out, based on Tolkein's world. The thing that got me interested was the artwork. I forget why exactly we began to putz with it at the local comic shop, Titan's. But I was hooked with the RPG-esque play mechanics and the dice rolling. I began to read the little bits of story and info on the cards, and got interested in the world they came from. It seemed fantastic and limitless. Again, the artwork was a major part of my fascination since I am a very visual person.  I decided to find out more about this fantasy world, so I read the three books of the trilogy. Now while they are inferior to many later works, they did have a certain appeal. Some characters, like Gandalf and Theoden appealed to me greatly. I read soem of the auxilliary books about the wrold of Middle Earth and my love for the setting has only grown. SO to me the movies are good mainly because I fell in love with the world I had imagined. The events in the books are like a possible story set in that world. So unlike Todd I can divorce myself from the choices Tolkein made in the books and even those that Peter Jackson has made in the movies.  I feel strongly that Fellowship of the Ring (FOTR) was one of the best movies I have ever seen. It fully caputures the essence of the world I envision. It is a huge movie, with a proper sense of grandeur and possibility. I never felt that anything in the move was contrived, or implausible in the world of Middle Earth. Some scenes, such as the Great Hall of Moria, will always be burned into my mind as a perfect image.   The Two Towers, on the other hand, was almost a disaster on the proportions of Episode 1. I realize my rant is going long, so I will save the elaboration of my rage against TTT for another day.  Indiana Jones on DVD  Raider of the Lost Ark is one of the top ten movies of all time. Plain and simple, it does everything right. It's treatment on DVD is excellent. If you enjoyed the Indy movies go and buy the DVD box set. I have seen it going for as little as $45. That's a bargain for 3 good movies.   Politics  The Democrats are not the fountainhead of all that is evil and wrong in the world today. I know it seems that both Todd and I hate them with every fiber of our beings, but it isn't so. The fact is that Todd used to be a Democrat before he began to think about the world. I would probably have been a Democrat back in the 60's. I want things to get better, and I want people to better themselves. I want unity and a common purpose for all Americans: to get richer and enjoy life more fully. The Democratic Party used to want those things too.   I am a social liberal I guess. I believe abortion should be legal, up to a point where the baby can survive outside the womb. This does raise some interesting questions, and may have to be revised as medical science makes earlier and earlier births more viable. I believe that all drugs should be legal. I believe that guns ownership should require no license, and no registration with someone who could come and demand the gun from you. In short, I believe that freedom is something that comes with responsibilities. Bad choices should be available. It is not anyone's place to say what someone else should do as long as no one's rights are infringed upon by the behavior.  Getting back to the subject, the Democratic Party of today is a vindictive, envious group of small men and women. They seek to take from one group and give to another group. THis very concept of group identity angers and sickens me. I am not a group. Americans should not belong to groups. I don't believe in Chinese-Americans, African-Americans, Arab-Americans, etc. It would be more honest to say that there are various socio-economic groups. The Democrats appeal to some of the lower groups. Those groups that see themselves as victims, or inferior to other groups. The problem with this inferiority is that most see it as someone else's fault. So it can be rectified by destroying their oppressors.   The simple fact really is that people seek their own level. Poverty is a disease of the mind. I admit freely that some people in poverty have no hope of escape. Their beginnings preclude advancement. That is a shame, but their children can climb higher. Refusal to do so is a choice. I come from a lower-middle class background. My parents never went to college. My father was a draftsman for 35+ years until his skill became obsolete. He was too old to retrain himself and had made the mistake of never learning new skills. He did pretty well, considering. We have a house and two cars. We eat acceptably well, have TV's, and I am going to college so that I might go further than my father. i do consider myself in poverty, but I am not "poor." Some day my economic Worth will catch up to my internal worth. It always seems to with people.  Zell Miller, a former governor of Georgia and one of the state's Senators has endorsed Bush for President in 2004. When I was a teenager, Miller was governor. He brought the lottery and HOPE scholarships to the state. I am currently taking advantage of the scholorship, and I had a jo for a few moths packaging lotto tickets. That job,btw, taught me that I must finish up my college ASAP. I used to dislike Zell, but now I'm not sure why. My parents had an irrational hatred of him for some reason. His nickname was "Zig-zag Zell" because he apparently changed his position on issues frequently.   Honestly, changing positions doesn't mean all that much to me. It dpes not, despite popular misconception, mean that you are of no principles. Someone who has pronciples set in stone may be admirable, but what if his position turns out to eb wrong? Then he is a fool to not change. To me, Zell Miller's story of coming up from poverty, Marine Corps service, and distinguished record in public service makes him worthy of admiration. His voting record in the Senate shows that he is more in-line with Republican than Democrat positions. Hearing him speak, I can't help but feel the Democratic Party used to be something great. I would vote for him if he was runnign again for Senator. Unfortunately he is retiring at the end of his current term.  I agree with Zell that our current President is the best man available for the job. The jobis to ensure America survives. there are forces in this world that seek our destruction. We do not need to understand their greivances, we onyl need to find them and destroy them. it has always been this way. All societies end up in competition,a nd the superior society triumphs and absorbs the inferior one. Rome was superior in her day, and thus won mastery over the world. Britain was superior for a time, and established the greatest empire ever known. Now America is superior, and we must maintain that dominance. Bush understands that. I understand that. Our enemies understand that. Unfortunately, most Americans do not understand.