           Eyes Wide Shut   DOWD is back!  And she is as vile as ever!!  Her rant this week includes the usual pack of Bush lies, a reference to the carrier landing, and the obligatory tie of Iraq to Vietnam.  DOWD: "He's my man," Mr. Bush laughingly told Tom Brokaw about the entertaining contortions of Muhammad Said al-Sahhaf, a k a "Comical Ali" and "Baghdad Bob," who assured reporters, even as American tanks rumbled in, "There are no American infidels in Baghdad. Never!" and, "We are winning this war, and we will win the war. . . . This is for sure."  Now Crawford George has morphed into Baghdad Bob.  Me:  So Bush is no better than Baghdad Bob.  What a wonderful thing to say about a wartime president.  I wonder if comparisons were made between Tokyo Rose and FDR?  DOWD: Speaking to reporters this week, Mr. Bush made the bizarre argument that the worse things get in Iraq, the better news it is. "The more successful we are on the ground, the more these killers will react," he said.  Me:  What is wrong with this statement?  It is a simple indication that the more we control Iraq, the more desperate the killers will be.  We will see an increase in spectacular attempts, and many will be thrawted.  But DOWD takes it to an illogical conclusion with her next breath.  DOWD: Now Bush illogic continues: The more Americans, Iraqis and aid workers who get killed and wounded, the more it is a sign of American progress. The more dangerous Iraq is, the safer the world is. The more troops we seem to need in Iraq, the less we need to send more troops.  The harder it is to find Saddam, Osama and W.M.D., the less they mattered anyhow. The more coordinated, intense and sophisticated the attacks on our soldiers grow, the more "desperate" the enemy is.  Me:  She misses the point while engaged in a fit of hyperbole.  The natural evolution of Bush's statement is not the doublespeak that she has spewed.  At some point, desperation gives way to error, and we will catch the core of the forces engaged in murdering Iraqis and foreign aid workers.  Desperation is a good thing.  The more bloody and violent, the more likely Joe Iraqi will get tired of it and turn someone over.  Is this not clear?  DOWD: The war began with Bush illogic: false intelligence (from Niger to nuclear) used to bolster a false casus belli (imminent threat to our security) based on a quartet of false premises (that we could easily finish off Saddam and the Baathists, scare the terrorists and democratize Iraq without leeching our economy).  Me:  Now I feel better.  I haven't heard her invoke the Bush Lies argument in a week or so.    DOWD: Mr. Bush looked buck-passy when he denied that the White House, which throws up PowerPoint slogans behind his head on TV, was behind the "Mission Accomplished" banner. And Donald Rumsfeld looked duplicitous when he acknowledged in a private memo, after brusquely upbeat public briefings, that America was in for a "long, hard slog" in Iraq and Afghanistan.  Me: There's the banner reference.  And I've been waiting on the howling over the Rumsfeld memo for awhile.  Nice that she has not dissapointed me.    The Rumsfeld memo.  Imagine for a moment that you are Bill Gates, with all the money and all the market position.  You are doing well.  Forecasts are strong, income is up, and your shareholders are happy.  But there is this company called Netscape out there, trashing a little of your market share and adopting new tactics.  Should Gates ignore it because things are going pretty well?  Or should he task his staff to look at things like they are on the brink of extinction, and to divert all resources, creativity and money toward remaking themselves, to do even better than they are now?  Which is the action of a prudent businessman?  The Rumsfeld memo is just that.  It is a challenge to his staff that things can be better, even if they are decent right now.  You don't go out in public and say "We are doing well by today's standards, but I really fear that unless we undertake major change in our organization, we will all be dead in 10 years."  You DON'T do that.  You continue being successful in todays world, while you tear things apart behind closed doors and get ready for tomorrow's battle.  Of course, DOWD either knows this and enjoys spinning distortion, or she truly is an idiot.  I'll leave the choice to your personal preference.  DOWD: But the fear of young American soldiers who don't speak the language or understand the culture, who don't know who's going to shoot at them, was captured in a front-page picture in yesterday's Times: two soldiers leaning down to search the pockets of one small Iraqi boy.  Me: And this segment goes beyond any bounds of common sense.  DOWD is ruffled over the search of an innocent Iraqi boy, but I bet she has no problems with an Airport Goon patting down a three year old girl from Chicago while the Pakistani foreign national goes right on to his seat without any extra search.  Liberals are only outraged when it suits them.  DOWD goes on to invoke the noted authority, Neil Sheehan, Pulitzer Prize winning author of "A Bright Shining Lie".  That particular book is a typical anti-Vietnam screed, and since it won the Pulitzer, it must have plenty of anti-American ravings contained within.  Mr Sheehan trots into the column to compare Robert McNamara to Wolfowitz.  DOWD: Neil Sheehan, the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of "A Bright Shining Lie," recalls Robert McNamara making Wolfowitz-like trips to Vietnam, spotlighting good news, yearning to pretend insecure areas were secure.  "McNamara was in a jeep in the Mekong Delta with an old Army colonel from Texas named Dan Porter," Mr. Sheehan told me. "Porter told him, `Mr. Secretary, we've got serious problems here that you're not getting. You ought to know what they are.' And McNamara replied: `I don't want to hear about your problems. I want to hear about your progress.' "  "If you want to be hoodwinked," Mr. Sheehan concludes, "it's easy."    Me:  Bob McNamara, if there is any justice, will be burning in hell.  But to compare the two situations is ludicrous.  The Generals on the ground are running this conflict.  If the Left had it's way, our political concerns would dictate our military actions, which is precisely what gave us Vietnam in the first place.  Welcome back DOWD.