           Drug Profits and the Free Market (5 Letters)   I did not read the column referenced here, and I'll try to later.  As an employee of Evil Big Pharma, I have a vested interest in drug profits.  As a consumer, I also have a vested interest in drug profits.  It is essential that pharma is profitable.  We here all the time about the high cost of drugs, and the massive expense of research.  Unfortunately, I don't think people really have a mental handle on what that means.  It can cost $500 million dollars to take a drug from the lab to the market.  It can cost $100 million to even find out if a molecule has any pharmakinetic benefit.  The internal numbers here at Pfizer reveal that 97% of all candidates fail, but each candidate consumes tens or hundreds of millions of dollars.  Part of the high cost of drugs flow from the fact that the US is subsidizing price controls all over the world.  Canada is the biggest example.  The Canadian government caps the prices at an artificial level.  The Pharmas don't make much profit, if any, in those markets.  If we refuse to sell drugs there, Canada has threatened to void our patents on those drugs and begin production of generics.  Illegal Canadian generics would cut into the market in other nations, just as legal patented drugs are doing now.  In effect, Canada is saying "sell to us cheap or we will just take it."  What can we do?  We sell to Canada and try to get our money back in other markets by raising the price.  So in effect, when you buy a drug here, you are paying the cost of the Canadian, the Frenchman, the Brit, the German and so on.  All places with price caps are driving up the price here.  The answer is not to cap our prices and stifle research.  We aren't going to provide new drugs unless there is money in it.  Market forces will prevail.  The answer is to apply pressure to remove price caps overseas, and to reduce the regulatory burden on new drug approvals.  Pfizer doesn't pay $500 million to bring a drug to market....you pay.    Twenty years ago, there were a dozen R&D drug companies based in Canada.  Today there are zero.  Most major pharmas are pulling out of Europe and coming here.  This is the last bastion of free market economics in the medical industry, and that isn't entirely true since the health care system is a bastardization of the free market with Stalinesque controls.