         To make up for the lack of Blogging yesterday, I decided to post this.  Mark had asked me on behalf of a friend to shed some light on the Palestinian mess.  I replied with the following email and a link to a great book if you really want to examine the issue in depth.  Also note that my brief narrative is simplistic - the real issue is quite a bit more complicated, but I try to hit the major points.  Begin Email   The area known as Palestine has been sporadically settled by Jews since the early 1800s.  The land was largely unpopulated, aside from nomadic Arab cultures through most of the time.  The Jews in the area experimented with communism from the early days, forming collectives in their villages to survive the harsh conditions, but over time they managed to 'green' the area through irrigation programs and hard work.  Ironically, as the Jewish population expanded through the 1910s, the corresponding Arab population increased as Arabs flocked in to work on Jewish farms and industry.  They came for the jobs.  Through this time, the region fell under the British Empire, and in the early 1920s, through extensive lobbying, the British Jews convinced Britain to open up the area for increased Jewish settlement.  The Balfour declaration established the first recognition of a Zionist state by a European power.  Strangely enough, the British has considered Uganda as a potential home, but the Zion Congress would not accept that land.    The timeline for handing over the region remained a point of contention for a very long time, going well through WWII.  Understandably, the powers were a little occupied at the time.  After WWII and when the Holocaust became evident, there was a growing pressure to formalize the state of Israel.      Jewish settlement began in larger numbers after WWII, but England continued to delay the handover and reduce the numbers that would permitted to settle there.  In fact, there was a growing sense of Anti-Semitism in the English foreign policy, resulting in some violent clashes in Israel.  Monachim Begin, a later Prime Minister of Israel, and one of the principles at the Camp David accords with Anwar Sadat in the late 70s, belonged to a terrorist group seeking to oust England.  They blew up the King David hotel in 1946, killing 91, mostly British officers.  The violence stemmed from a British anti-immigration stance, resulting in the continued slaughter of Jews in Soviet client states after the war.  The Jewish National Congress condemned all such terrorism and worked hard to stomp it out, but violence continued.  Finally, in 1948 the state of Israel was proclaimed with a partition plan.  The land that is now Israel was part of the Kingdom of Jordan, also a British protectorate.  Almost immediately, Egypt and Syria, along with Jordanian factions, attempted to crush Israel resulting in the Genesis War of 1948.  The Arabs were beaten, but at a great cost to Israel.  In another twist, the greatest friend to Israel in this hour of need was Germany.  In compensation, the Israeli's retained some conquered land to maintain a security perimeter.  Jordan seized the lands designated for the 'Palestinians', and they still hold it.    Subsequent wars over the next twenty years (Yom Kippur War, Six Days War etc) resulted in massive, horrible defeats of Egypt, Jordan and Syria, with more and more land being taken by Israel as compensation for Arab aggression.  These wars were launched by Arabs with the stated intent of 'washing the shores of Galilee with Jewish blood'.  Finally, at the Camp David accords, a lot of this land was handed back to the Arabs in exchange for a security agreement.  The agreement lasted less than six months before the rhetoric, bombings and arms buildups began again.  When Israel was formed in 1948, they begged the Arabs to remain in their country and live together.  This is well documented.  The Arabs left, moving to the camps in anticipation of returning after a quick Arab conquest of Israel.  They are still waiting.  No other Arab country will accept these refugees into their lands, preferring to maintain the camps as a PR ploy, while breeding hatred through poverty and humiliation.  In a nutshell, that is where we are today.    http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/0679765638/qid=1067267881/sr=1-1/ref=sr_1_1/103-8488061-4022207?v=glance&s=books  This is really 900+ pages of history condensed in one email.  If it sounds like I am pro-Israel, keep in mind that I used to be pro-Palestinian until I began to research.  Really, the Arabs have this wrong, and unfortunately, it seems the rest of the world are behind them.