           Decoding Rumsfeld's Memo   Predictably, the NYT Editorial Board decides to twist and contort the Rumsfeld memo into something that it isn't.  NYT: This page has long argued that the war on terrorism must consist of more than a series of triumphal military offensives, especially when some of these, like the war in Iraq, bear no clear relation to the terrorist threat.   Me:  A double whammy of idiocy.  If the war 'must' consist of more than a series of triumphal military offensives, does that mean we must include some losses as well?  What does that mean?  I love how these people use mandatory words like 'must' and 'is' when the premise is still open for debate.  The fact remains - our actions in Afghanastan and Iraq have been positive in the war on Terror.  And again, this silly notion that Iraq had nothing to do with terror is easily put to bed by Saddam's involvement in financing Palestinian bombers and funding terror camps in Iraq.  These facts are not debatable.    NYT: Mr. Rumsfeld's big problem is that he seems to want to run almost every aspect of the war on terror but prefers to share the blame when things do not work out. Now he muses about forming a new institution that "seamlessly focuses the capabilities of several departments and agencies" on the problem of terrorism. He helpfully suggested that this new institution might be located within the Defense Department — or maybe elsewhere.   Talking about such a change seems logical. But Mr. Rumsfeld is astute enough to realize that an administration that has just created the Department of Homeland Security is not likely to start all over again any time soon. Perhaps he is really making a case for another huge increase in the Pentagon's already swollen budget.  Me: I love this.  The NYT tries to reconstruct what Rumsfeld REALLY meant by his memo, and then after placing a spin on his words, proceed to blast him for a position he has never put forth.  Behold!  NYT: America spends nearly $400 billion a year on defense, as much in real terms as when the main threat came from the Soviet military. Mr. Rumsfeld has rightly sought funds for 21st-century weapons systems adapted to fighting terrorism. But he has failed to make corresponding cuts in weapons systems that are no longer justified. And while he deserves credit for pushing toward leaner, more mobile military strategies, he has damaged other vital elements of the war on terrorism by gratuitously insulting important allies and pressuring intelligence agencies to come up with conclusions that support his views.  President Bush should ponder his defense secretary's latest musings about the war on terrorism, but firmly resist any further expansion of Mr. Rumsfeld's budget or bureaucratic empire.  Me: Go read either the Bob Woodward book, or the one by Bill Sammon on the aftermath of 9/11.  Read the internal workings of the President's cabinent and get a true image of Rumsfeld.  We are fortunate to have him in place.