         The Importance of the Individual -  I think the Nation is the single best way to keep freedom alive. We must have spereate areas for seperate cultures. Where would we be if the great people of the USA were not concentrated in this one area? Notice what Rome, Greece, Britain all did even though they were small? It seems it is not numbers but quality that matter most.  I oppose Socialism because it strikes at the root of human existence. The individual is the most important thing, not the group. If we cease to be individuals we are doomed. A nation, a group of individuals can do mighty deeds. A nation of groups, or one group is a weak and easily-led thing. The mob does no great deeds, it can only destroy.  The great deeds of history were accomplished because some men made themselves great. Then they led others. It was not the mass that made great deeds possible. Without men like Scipio or Marius or Caesar there would be no Rome. When men like these could no longer be found the Empire fell. Even though the lives of the group were better, the goal of men to become great by virtue rather than by expediency was removed.  Socialists would destroy the very rewards and environment that allows great men to emerge and dominate events. To me that is evil, and should never be allowed to happen. Making someone a slave is part of that process. Forcing people to provide a good or service is slavery. Owning one's production is owning one's life. When you cannot own what you make, how can it be worth making anything?   The simple fact of the matter is that the group is not as important as the individual. A great man is worth more than ten lesser men. But Socialists would hae you believe that all men are equal. It is obvious that this is not the case. A janitor's production is not of the same value as a neurosurgeon's. Yet socialists would force the neurosurgeon to serve the janitor. While I do not want anyone to die needlessly, I would rather see some die than others be forced into slavery. It is only by improving the self that we can raise up the group.   When this nation was founded, it happened that a great convergence of amazing individuals occured. These men were able to fashion the longest enduring political system on the face of the earth. No group did this. Men like John Adams and Thomas Jefferson accomplished this. They should be remembered and aspired to.   If America does not return to individualism and throw of this sjhackle of group responsibilty, we will fall by the wayside as surely as all the other great powers have.