         Much to respond to.  I thought both Mike and Don have good points, but I still don't entirely agree.  Also, I must point out again that the course of action I see is not what I WANT, it is merely what I see as unavoidable.    First, Mike's two objections.  He is correct is stating that America, historically, does not strike first.  We are not that kind of people.  Someone said once that the problem with America is that we do not believe in Evil.  At first glance, I did not like that statement, but I learned that it is indeed true.  It is in our nature to always be optimistic.  We believe there is good in people.  We have a hard time accepting that people will do terrible things, until we are confronted with evidence.  This naive belief kept us out of WW II, and it continues to harm us today.  We didn't believe Iraq would actually invade Kuwait.  We didn't believe that Terror would come here.  We didn't believe that Saddam had WMD (some still don't believe he was a threat).  This world view, while noble, is starting to be a danger to us.    I don't like the idea of America striking first, but I see no other way to protect ourselves.  Must we wait for the nuclear flash before we believe?  To do so places trust in the self-restraint of madmen.  Don postulated that if we embrace the first strike principle, then it is as if we decided to nuke the SOviet Union first.  I don't agree with the analogy.  The Soviet Union was populated by rational people, even if we didn't agree.  They did not seek the death of civilization, which is what an exchange would have created.  Same for the Chinese.  They want to join the civilized world, and they won't use these weapons.  There is no need to strike them when the old doctrine of MAD applies.  Mutual Assured Destruction implies that both parties wish to avoid destruction.  What do you do when one side does not care about being destroyed?  Where is the deterrent?  Honestly, if NK has nuclear weapons, I don't fear THEM.  I fear their stated willingness to sell them to anyone for cash.  I don't really care if Saddam had Nukes, except for the knowledge that he will give them to any enemy of America with a smile.  What was the line?  I don't fear the man who has a thousand warheads.  I fear the man who just wants one.  Would Bin Laden trade NY for Damascus?  He would celebrate both!    The idea that America does not strike first is fine, when the threat of the first strike is limited to a military target and a small number of casualties.  I'm not willing to sacrifice millions to a noble idea whose time might have passed.  As for divining intent, I must resort to analogy.  My apologies.  Suppose an insane neighbor has spent the past three months telling you he is going to kill you.  One morning, you are out with your family, taking a walk.  Then you see your neighbor driving 100 MPH right at you with a grin on his face.  Must you wait for the impact before you take action?  He hasn't actually hit you, and he could still turn away.  Doing nothing puts you at the mercy of his self restraint.  Our enemies have made threats for generations, and they are now getting the means to make good on the threats.  How long must we wait?  The Nuclear Taboo is something else entirely.  Mike has already conceeded that a taboo is irrational, so I don't need to talk about that aspect.  The practical consideration revolves around the perceived horror of these weapons.  Killing is killing, and more people died in the Tokyo firebombing over the span of one night than died in Hiroshima.  A tool is a tool, and if the tool saves lives by taking them, then it must be used.  This irrational fear of tactical nuclear weapons merely deters the good guys.  In this case, the utility of the tool can make a shorter, less costly war possible.  The alternative is to embark on a conventional conflict and sustain heavy casualties on both sides.    Do you require the death of allied soldiers simply to avoid the emotional recoil of a nuclear weapon?  Should we have invaded Japan to save the residents of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?  You know the answer in your hearts.  Again, I'm not saying Nuke Pyongyang or Tehran.  I'm saying it might be neccesary to use small nukes on installations and troop gatherings, to save allied lives.  Regretable, but as we know, war is serious business.  If I may interpret Mike, I believe in his heart he knows his reasons are not good, but he cannot let go of his idea.  In truth, if you all agreed with me, I would be worried.  These are not easy ideas to accept, and I've been struggling with them for a long time.