          On Nukes   Todd has brought this up, so I feel I have to clarify what I guess is the "moral high-ground."   I feel that the USA is more than a nation, a population, or a geographical domain. It is a culture, an idea. In the modern age wars are fought between cultures as well as between nations. Our war in Iraq is actually a front in our war against Islam. You must face reality and realize that Islam is incompatible with the culture of the USA. They are only tolerable right now because they are a tiny minority with no power. I personally feel that Islam should cease to exist. There is no "moderate" Islam. Their book tells them to kill infidels. Their religion is an anachronism, and to bring reason to it is to totally change it. If it can be done, that is fine. But Islam as it stands is the enemy of the modern world.  We are at war with Islam. Fortunately it is an enemy riddled with internal division. Guns must be used against the more radical, money and reason against the more moderate. I am sure Islam will eventually die, as Christianity is slowly dying. The rigid ways must give way to reality. Science can replace superstition. Prosperity obviates the need for piety. But something I hope never dies is the fundamental truth that the USA was built upon. That men are free, that they are created equal, and that the rule of law is supreme.  If we do as Todd suggests and attack NK without warning, using tactical nukes if necessary, what does that do to who we are? I cannot honestly say that there is a more expedient way to solve this crisis. It probably would make things easier for us in the world as well. States like Pakistan would be more compliant knowing that we will not refrain from attack. But morally I think that way would destroy the USA that I love.  Japan attacked us at Pearl Harbor to prevent us from interfering with their Pacific ambitions. They had tried to reach some agreement with us for a time before hand. We replied to their ambitions with an oil embargo. Their attack was actually inevitable. Is our attack on NK similarly inevitable? Is NK a threat to our plans?   They seek to disrupt the order we have imposed in the region. They seek nuclear weapons. This in itself is not really a threat, since if they actually use them it is over for them. But the threat is that they might sell them to others, or be crazy enough to attack with them.   If dimplomacy fails, as it almost always does, we will be forced to take some action. What form that action may take is under debate in this forum. Should we strike first, or should we wait to be struck? Under what conditions should we attack? What should we attack? What should victory be defined as?   Todd advocates a complete attack, destroying almost all capability to make war by NK. This may need nuclear weapons, as their defense structures are almost impregnable. The problem with attacking NK is that they have the capability and the will to make South Korea into a wasteland almost instantly. A sneak attack with nuclear weapons would eliminate that capability. A conventional campaign would provide more than enough warning to allow NK to attack or counterattack at their leisure. The troop buildup, the air basing, the carrier groups needed would be so obvious and vunerable that it almost makes nuclear weapons preferrable.  I can boil my objections to Todd's plan down to two things:  1) America doesn't strike first.  2) There is a powerful taboo on the use of nukes. Do we want to remove the taboo?  First and most importantly, if we attack with no warning, no ultimatum then we are essentially becoming the bad guy. Germany attacked with no warning, no diplomacy. Japan attacked us when diplomacy failed, and Iraq attacked Kuwait with no provocation. The aggressor is always judged to be the bad guy. It helps though that the aggressor is usually defeated. I suppose I am using the Leftist angle against Iraq here. That liek Iraq, NK is no clear and present danger to us. I am intellectually dishonest, since I favored this attack on Iraq. That was to force change on the Arab world. It was an agressive and bold move to reshape the world. And honestly it was an enterprise with very little real danger. NK is far different.  If we don't attack first, if we issue demands and they are not met, then we will have to use conventional forces to attack NK. They may attack first, or counterattack. Seol might be obliterated. SK might face invasion. We may have to use nukes to arrest NK's advance. China or Russia might become involved. Japan might need to intervene as well. A massive force will be needed. Someone will have to occupy NK. This will make Iraq seem like a vacation, a weekend cruise.   The fact is that the first strike is the best option. I do not feel it is the morally correct option. I would favor an ultimatum, and it would leave us vunerable. We would inform NK that any test of nuclear weapons will trigger an atttack. But at the same time we must force them to either test or dismatle. We will also inform them that we will attack any nuclear facilites if they continue to be operational. In short, we would force them to hti us first. If the political will is lacking to strike them first, it is the only way to force the issue. If we don't force the issue, we face a terrorist nuclear detonation on American soil.  Secondly, the nuclear taboo. A taboo is an irrational and deeply ingrained aversion to something. The world sees using neuclear weapons as an atrocity, something to be avoided at all costs. Their very presence in the world frightens some people. Not me. The only thing I fear is that those who do not fear them may come into possession of them. Terrorists and Muslims are those kind of people. The danger of NK is that they would give them to those people. So we must act to prevent them from acquiring them. But if we use nukes to stop them, it will show that their use is acceptable and in fact necessary. Pakistan and India might actually use them if they go to war.  Admittedly the only thing preventing their general use is the fact that an enemy has them. Isreal is here today ebcause of their Samson denfense. They actually can trade land for peace because their strength lies in nukes. I am a victim of the taboo since I don't want to see them used. Perhas they should be used as just another tool in our arsenal. NK may eb the only situation in which their use could be neemed as necessary. I fear use would signal to natons like Japan and Taiwan that they need nukesto defend themselves.   No matter what is done to solve the problem of NK, the world will not be the same. If we do nothing, if we cave in, if we attack, if we drop the Bomb, everything will change. I am glad we have competant people in the White House to make this decision for us, since this is the most important problem in our world today.