           Pakistan, Saudi Arabia in secret nuke pact - The Washington Times: World   More signs of the Apocolypse.  Honestly, in the past year, I have grown more convinced that a nuclear future is in the cards.  I suppose it is just a matter of time as non-prolifieration as a concept is abandoned.  Unstable states with no concept of civilization will obtain these weapons, and it is just a matter of 'when', not 'if', they will be used upon us.  America has to accept a new set of Principles.  We have always stood for self-determination, freedom, and a benign projection of power to attempt to stabilize the world.  Those principles are no longer adequate.  It is anethema to our ideas, but we must be prepared to actively seek Hegemony.  Preferably in concert with the civilized world, but should they fail to join us, we must do so on our own.  We must strike first, strike hard, and tear down states that insist on pursuing the means to slaughter us.  I believe we must expand our military, and use it often and without warning.  I believe we must adopt a policy of first strike, with all that we have, including the nuclear option.    Sounds horrible, doesn't it?  But I see no other way.  The barbarians have been operating within the bounds of our well known limits.  They know how far they can go, and unfortunately, those limits permit them to pursue technologies that cannot be allowed to exist.  We have restrained ourselves for too long, and the time has come to kill.  Our critics in Europe and our enemies in Arabia will never like us, and we should not seek their approval for saving the world.  Our restraint should not be part of a policy of making friends.  It should be a tool to serve the means of our survival.  At some point, I believe this war will elevate to the level of Culture vs. Culture.  There will be little choice between survival and extermination.  We must be prepared to change the Culture of our enemy whenever possible, and if that fails, destroy them.  Obviously, I would prefer Change, but if a Culture continues to breed hatred in an era where one man can kill millions, what are our choices?  I had an interesting conversation with Mike last night about North Korea (henceforth known as NK for brevity).  I invite him to expand on his position, but I will try to represent it to the best of my ability.  I believe that we should keep open the option of using Tactical Nuclear Weapons on NK at the drop of a hat should they continue to develop weapons.  I don't believe we can't hit them effectively enough, quickly enough, and with sufficient surprise through our traditional arsenal in a way to be certain we stop them.  Seoul is 20 miles from the DMZ, and millions can be killed in minutes.  The NK army cannot defeat us over a protracted struggle, but they can slaughter millions, and potentially export these weapons in the time it would take us to overthrow Kim Jong-Il.    This leads me to the concept of a nuclear strike.  I don't want to see it happen, but I see no other alternative that doesn't put a great many people in danger.  If millions might die, then I would prefer we change that into thousands, and those thousands should be wearing NK uniforms.  I'm not advocating the Strategic Nuking of Pyongyang.  These strikes would be targeted on Nuclear installations, military bases, and troop formations on the DMZ.    In addition, we need to send the message that we are no longer constrained by the artificial bounds of our own ethics.  It is regrettable, but we need to face up to the new world we find ourselves in.    Mike thinks that we must accept the first blow before we can hit back with righteous nuclear fire.  I understand the thinking, since it is a position I had before 9/11.  However, it is an ethic I no longer think we can afford.  Yes, if we adopt a pre-emptive nuclear strategy, the world will hate us.  I submit that they hate us already.  Other nuclear states such as China and Russia might fear our actions, but I believe the cold rationale of our actions will help them see that we are focused on madmen.  We have a long history of co-existence with a hostile nuclear power, so long as that power shared our love for life.  The barbarians do not, and they cannot be counted upon to uphold their end of the deterrent.    I don't buy the argument that a nuclear first strike will set a precedent, since evil people are going to use these weapons no matter what.  So long as the holders of the weapon love life more than devestation, cooler heads will prevail.  Pakistan and India are at each other's throats, but they are rational people (for the moment....stay tuned).  That conflict can be stabilized so long as Pakistan remains a sensible power.  But I have little hope for the future of that region.  If Pakistan is indeed willing to export the technology, then they too must go.  Again, we find Islam at the heart of a hotspot.  Discarding my humanity for a moment, I would prefer to see the India/Pakistan conflict go nuclear.  India would burn Pakistan down to a cinder, but would suffer heavy losses.  I have nothing against India, but to be brutally honest, I'd prefer Indian dead over American dead.  And a Pakistani wasteland would take care of the problem quickly and effectively.  Uncomfortable yet?  I don't like it either, but find another way.    The situation is like an anology I posited to Mike last night.  We are the karate expert, and every night a bunch of thugs try to pick a fight with us in the bar.  We avoid it, not from fear, but from restraint.  The time has come for the karate expert to break legs, gouge eyes and break necks, as brutally, effectively and graphically as possible.  It must be like the hammer of God coming down and laying waste to those that need teaching.    Anything else encourages the barbarians, and one day, they will kill us.  Is it better to be noble and dead, or practical and alive?  We can only value life within the bounds of the value that life has for itself.