           USATODAY.com - Defense memo: A grim outlook     So Rumsfeld writes a memo to the Pentagon heads to prompt some discussion about the War on Terror, and not surprisingly, the outlook is grim.  What infuriates me is the predictable response from the Left this will provoke.  We will be subjected to cries of "We were right!" and "Bush is a failure!".    My rage knows no bounds about the attitude of the Left.  What do they want us to do?  They love to throw rocks, but they have no ideas of thier own.  What else can we do about terror other than try to fight it?  We have nuclear proliferation, rogue states, and a UN that lacks any interest in dealing with the problem?  What should we do?  In my view, the Bush policy doesn't go far enough.  But I am rational enough to understand there are a lot of things happening that I am unaware of, and probably won't find out in my lifetime.  I have to trust that the leadership we have understands the magnitude of the threat and are acting, both in overt and covert means.  Of course the war on Terror is going to be hard.  Yes, it is going to cost us billions, only to be undone by millions.  But what is the answer?  Give up?  Retreat?  Let barbarism rule the world?  Billions for defence, not one penny in tribute.    And I can't wait to hear DOWD about the idea that terrorists are being created faster than we can kill them.  Does she really think the terror will stop if we stop fighting them?  Oh yes, the Islamic Fanatics were so moderate before we started standing up for civilization.  The constant braying on the Left is more than just dutiful, needed, political dissent.  It is starting to morph into an active, treasonous poison that is wearing away at our resolve.  It is fine to question our actions, but the Left is now posing the idea that we must retreat from the battle.  I don't think it is a stretch to say that they actively desire failure in exchange for political gain.  In the days after 9/11, I had hope that there would be progress.  After all, how can there be political nuance to the concept of defending America?  Today, it seems that even the concept of defending ourselves and building a safer world aren't even agreed upon.  It is one thing to battle ourselves on how to kill the enemy.  Now we are mired in the debate over wether we SHOULD kill the enemy.  Everywhere, I see our will to fight being sapped.  I see a weariness.  People want to bring the soldiers home and close the door, pretending that the oceans that have protected us in the past will continue to do so.  We are losing heart, and the incessent drumbeat of negativism is tearing us down.  I truly believe that if we loose the will to do what must be done, the world is ultimately doomed to a repressive culture of fear.  The madmen will always be out there, and our encouragement by retreat will simply amplify the horror when our day comes.  The Rumsfeld Memo is a prudent, needed mechanism of introspection.  Unfortunately, it will be seen by the less mature as a desperate, undermining confession of incompetence.