           OpinionJournal - Extra   This is an extremely long article on the nuclear threat around the world.  Well worth reading, if you have the time.  In short, the assessment of North Korea is both chilling and encouraging.    Quote - Not only does the North appear to have deliverable nuclear weapons, it also has one of the world's largest armies, comprising 1.2 million soldiers, some 70% of whom are positioned in and around the 12,000 underground bunkers near the demilitarized zone that separates the two Koreas. These forces are armed with approximately 10,000 artillery pieces and over 800 missiles capable of reaching South Korea and some of its neighbors. In addition, they are equipped with 2,500 multiple-rocket launchers capable of firing (by a conservative estimate) 500,000 shells an hour to a range of 33 miles. The city of Seoul, situated 24 miles from the DMZ and with a population of more than 10 million, could be devastated within hours.  That is the bad news. The better news is that North Korea is not 10 or even six feet tall. Its military equipment consists of aging Soviet and Chinese stocks that qualitatively are vastly inferior to both the U.S. and South Korean militaries. Its army is large to the point of bloat; significant numbers of conscripts are engaged in forced-labor projects that have little or no military significance. The populace from which these troops are drawn is hungry and downtrodden, and many soldiers are undoubtedly hungry as well. It is an open question whether, if push came to war, North Korea's military would disintegrate on its own, and with it the communist regime.  End quote  I've always beleived that if we kicked North Korea hard enough, and quickly enough, it would come apart like a ripe melon.  I don't believe their people have the will and strength to fight for a regime that is slowly killing them.  It would not be bloodless, but the alternative is a rouge nuclear state willing to export the technology to anyone and everyone.  We cannot live in such a world.  The unpleasant reality is that Kim Jong-Il must go by any means neccesary, and that includes mass casualties on all sides.  The world is still as dangerous as it was during the Cold War, perhaps even more dangerous.  We can pay the price today under terms of our chosing, or we can pay the price through the loss of millions in one of our major cities, along with the destruction of our way of life.  Which would you prefer?