           Yahoo! News - N.Korea Says Ready to Display 'Nuclear Deterrent'   "When an appropriate time comes, the DPRK will take a measure to open its nuclear deterrent to the public as a physical force and then there will be no need to have any more argument," the ministry spokesman said, noting some people doubted the North had nuclear capability."  Indeed. Then we will have to attack them. Or China will. Or we just sit here and let them sell these things to our enemies. Plus they might start demanding things we cannot give, like S. Korea. This is the single greatest threat to the U.S. in the world today, and the media is focusing on the Iraq "quagmire."  "Powell said last week the United States envisaged a public written document, preferably signed by some of North Korea's neighbors, but not the formal non-aggression treaty which Pyongyang has demanded since the crisis erupted a year ago.   North Korea said it was not sure whether the U.S. idea was "a jugglery intended to shirk its responsibility for settling this issue between the DPRK and the U.S. or an artifice to buy time to win the presidential election in 2004."  I like that. "Jugglery." I think it is an attempt to buy us time for Bush to get re-elected. Imagine the public's reaction to the mushroom cloud on CNN? Is it hooror or apathy? Do we comprehend what a renegade state like North Korea can do with this weapon? We can trust China, Russia, Britain, even France with this most powerful of all weapons, but to do so with North Korea would be the gravest mistake.  As Todd said first, they must test. At that moment everything changes and there is no going back. I have to wonder if they really want to change the world like this. They haven't been attacked without the bomb, so why do they need it other than as an offensive weapon?  I hope for a peaceful resolution to this crisis, but I think this is the legacy of our failure to complete the Korean War. It was a flase peace, since their was no defeat of the enemy. Then we would have had to use the bomb to defeat China and Russia, North Korea's then allies. Now they need the bomb to defeat us, South Korea's ally. The more things change the more they stay the same.