           Bewitched, Bothered, Billy-Goated   DOWD!  I love the new Bush strategy of compeltely bypassing the media and trying to go directly to the American people about the good things that are happening in Iraq.  Assuredly this will not sit well with the established media.  DOWD: The P.R. campaign shamelessly included bogus cheerful form letters sent to newspapers, supposedly written by soldiers in Iraq. It also entailed sweetening up the official Web site of the United States Central Command. Until recently, the site offered a mix of upbeat stories and accounts of casualties and setbacks. Now it's a litany of smiley postings, like "Soldiers host orphans in Mosul" and "Ninevah Province schools benefit from seized Iraqi assets." You have to go to a different page for casualty reports.  Mr. Bush said in interviews that he wanted to "go over the heads of the filter and speak directly with the people" because there was a "sense that people in America aren't getting the truth."  He is right that there has been a filter that has made it hard for Americans — and even Congress — to get the truth on Iraq, but it isn't the press. It's an administration that comically thinks when it hauls out Dick Cheney to say in his condescending high school principal voice that 2 + 2 = 5, we'll buy it.  Me:  Have we talked about this 'bogus letter writing' scheme?  There have been several interviews on Fox News with soldiers on the ground, and many express anger at the way Iraq is being covered.  To a man, they talk about the good things that are hapenning, and can't understand the vitriol in the media.    So a commanding officer wrote a sample letter as a template, and encouraged his men to write their own letters to their home time papers, in an attempt to get the word out.  Not surprisingly, some troops sent the template intact, nary changing a word.  I suppose I can't blame them, but if you are angry enough to want to speak but lack the confidence to write a letter, then this is an easy way to get your word out.  I can only blame them for being lazy.  But the media sees it as another scandal.  A sign of Pentagon propoganda.  Funny how an attempt to get the truth out is propoganda.  DOWD is a shrill, pathetic wreck of a human being.  Like I expressed yesterday in frustration: what would they have us do?  Leave Iraq?  Let the French take over?  Or should we let Dennis Kucinich take it from here?  Did you get this quote from Kucinich?  "I am running for president of the United States to enable the goddess of peace to encircle within her arms all the children of this country and all the children of the world."  I believe Don is from Cleveland, and Mark lives just outside of Cleveland.  Can you two explain why Cleveland keeps electing this guy?