         More comment on the Luxury Boondoggle.  The Left sees any tax cut as somehow making a burden on the taxpayers. Strange, I know. You have to remember always that to the Left, nothing new is ever created. There are only finite resources. Everyone must share as nothing new ever comes into being. So the evil SUV owners are somehow costing the rest of us! Yes, their purchase of an SUV hurts us all. The people who built it, those that maintain it, the gas stations, the state and local governments who tax it, and countless others who profit from the Evil SUV are never considered.   This snippet of insanity from the NYT article illustrates the anti-capitalism mentality:  "(T)ax-bill writers in the Senate are trying to curtail a notorious "business" write-off of tens of thousands of dollars on the cost of an oversized sports utility vehicle, a gilded loophole the affluent have been driving behemoth Hummers and Cadillacs and Lincolns through at taxpayers' expense. "  See, not having to pay exhorbitant taxes on property is somehow costing the taxpayers!  "S.U.V. dealers lost no time in seizing on this selling point, even including the tax write-off possibilities in ads as that ultraluxury extra. Buyers are lured by deductions of up to $100,000 of the cost if they are bold enough to claim full-time business use of an S.U.V.; a 50 percent business claim can net a $50,000 write-off."  The system works! Reward spending and see it come! Why isn't it good to encourage everyone to buy SUV's? They are superior vehicles, and their purchase fuels the economy in countless ways. The SUV represents America at its finest, and that's why the Left hates it so. It is strong, rugged, capable, imposing, and useful. What's not to like? The cost of fuel is an issue, but not really a concern, as market supply will meet market demand if interference is removed.   " Under a move afoot in the Senate Finance Committee, the maximum would be cut back to $25,000, which would cover a farm truck or construction-site vehicle. Proponents figure that this would reclaim $130 million a year in revenues that are now lost through subsidizing an outlet for highway hubris."  I love it! "Reclaim" is the new word for a tax hike. They need to "reclaim" the Bush Tax cut. All your money are belong to U.S.! We (the Gov'ment) will allow you peasants to keep only what you need for a electric car, a HUD house, and lotto tickets. The rest is too much to trust you with! You might spend it on one of those EVIL SUV's!