           Retool, but Hold Firm to Standards   More Times insanity.  I had to read this one three times until it made sense, and it still doesn't.  Not really.  It seems they think the NY education system is just terrific, despite a failing record.  Watch how the Times invokes the old mantra of money and the sanctity of teachers to escape the accountability that is sorely needed.  Times: A plan to raise the passing score to 65 for some exams this year has been put on hold while the Regents figure out how to prepare students better in the poorest parts of the state for the stiffer requirement.  Me:  RAISING the passing score to 65?  You might be surprised to know it is 55 right now.  Any of you ever pass a test with a 55?  And it seems the poorest part of the state is once again at risk.  Why is it the 'poor' always score poorly?  Might it be the breakdown of the family?  Might it be a culture of failure?  No!  It is the lack of money in the school!    Times: Another problem was highlighted this summer, when 63 percent of students statewide — including thousands of seniors — failed the math test. The Regents appointed a special investigatory panel, whose report has just come out. The report recommended a new, better-calibrated math test, but uncovered several other problems as well.   Me: 'better-calibrated' math tests.  Do I have to spell out what that means?    Times: The panel said New York's math standards needed to be clarified so teachers could be certain of what students needed to know. The report also returned to a familiar but thorny subject, noting that many math teachers needed specific kinds of training to help students meet math standards that are widely seen as the most rigorous in the nation.   Me:  So our brilliant teachers, loyaly paying their union dues, must be instructed by others about what students must know?  And these teachers need training to meet 'rigorous math standards'?  Has anyone seen a High School math book lately?  Tell me that is rigorous.    Times: Evidence shows that success on rigorous tests can be increased when states provide teachers who show students the way.   Me:  Teachers are going to show students the way!?  But you just said they don't even know the way!  You know what else evidence shows?  Home schooled students crush state schooled students 100% of the time.  I guess the parents can provide good teachers, where the state fails.  But the Teacher's Union is trying to enact law to require home schoolers to have 'certified' teachers.  They want to shut it all down, since it is so obviously illustrated their failure.  So the Times concludes: the system is failing, but we simply need to retool it with more money.  I think they've pretty much said that about every anti-poverty program since the New Deal.