           The U.N.'s Better Idea on Iraq   The New York Times launches into the ‘We must go to the UN’ argument again this morning.  I still don’t understand the magic of ‘multilaterilism’ when it comes at the expense of getting the job done.  Iraq has a long way to go, but do we really want a bunch of nations involved who have already proven they don’t share our concerns?  Do we want the French crawling around in there when they’ve already aided and abetted Saddam in obtaining prohibited weapons, sold him technology, and hid evidence of atrocities?    Times: . When Secretary of State Colin Powell circulates a Security Council resolution, he wants other countries to endorse its main provisions, and to understand that the White House allows him to negotiate only over secondary details, not matters of substance. In the administration's oddly inverted logic, when this does not happen, as is now the case, it is the U.N. that is failing the test of multilateralism by not rallying around America's nonnegotiable positions. As a senior administration official put it to The Times this week, "They can be multilateral and be part of it, or they can tell us to do it ourselves."  Me:  Yes, this is exactly the case.  If the world does not rally around our stated purpose, then there can be no multilateralism.  If we drop our principle for the sake of an agreement, then what can be accomplished by that agreement?  Why should we sacrifice the mission for the sake of a coalition?  This is the type of thing that hurt us at the end of Gulf War I.  Again, the warm fuzzy glow of world unity is not worth pursuing at the cost of hard principle.  Times: Prolonging unilateral American rule serves no obvious security purpose and guarantees that the United States will remain the primary target of postwar Iraqi resentments.   Me: Excuse me, but I think the security purpose served is quite obvious.  We have not yet finished locating WMD, and there is still a lot of intelligence about terror to be sifted from the remains of Saddam’s regime.  Part of this process is having the muscle in place to follow up on informant tips and to be there to preserve the evidence.  Again, do we want hostile nations such as the French running around and stumbling upon the weapons they sold to Iraq?  As for being the primary target, I guess the Times won’t be all that concerned if Polish troops are getting killed one by one.  Is that what they mean?  Times: The administration's wrong-headed insistence on maintaining exclusive control over Iraq has already proved costly. Attacks against American troops, international aid workers and Iraqi police recruits continue at an alarming rate. Separate incidents in and near Baghdad yesterday killed at least 10 people and injured more than 40.  Me: In 2002, there were 1,842 murders in California, or about 5 per day.  I guess we should send the UN into LA and SF.  The Left loves to beat this drum everyday, pointing out the steady drip of deaths.  Each one is indeed a terrible thing, but we have to maintain perspective.  42 people are murdered every day in the US, and while our population is quite a bit bigger, I think the media should spend at least a month reporting every single one of them, just to put it in perspective.