           California's Day After: Governor Schwarzenegger   The vitriol! Quite petty of the NYT, the "Newspaper of Record," to try to take cheap shots at Governor-Elect Schwarzenegger. Though I agree with both Todd and George Will that the recall is a bad thing, it is the law and Arnold won fair and square.  This editorial makes the CA Republican Party out to be the bad guys, since if they offered more leftists as candidates the state might not be in such a mess. Say what? So they needed to be Democrats so the Democrats couldn't run the state into the ground in just 5 short years? Here's a quote:  "California's system is actually the worst of all evils. The voters micromanage the state budget through one referendum after another. But they are generally deprived of real choice in picking state officials. Right-wing Republicans have been able to control their party's nominating process, forcing a moderate-to-liberal populace to accept whatever slate the Democrats deign to offer. Mr. Schwarzenegger, a moderate-to-liberal Republican, would have had a much tougher time in a primary than he did in this race, where he was able to insert himself onto the ballot without the party's screening."  I believe it was the state Republican Party that allowed Arnold to run. In fact they have been after him to run for years now. Since he is not a politician and is basically unqualified to be the chief exectutive of a state, the recall was his big chance. I suppose the Republicans sacrificed their principles to get their guy into office. McClintock would of course been better, and perhaps would have done the slash and burn the state needs.  A little nugget of love from the NYT:  "During the campaign, Mr. Schwarzenegger had a huge advantage in the low expectations that everyone had about him. In politics, it is better to be lucky than to be good. But Mr. Schwarzenegger already knew that from his movie days."  Low expectations? Like being able to fix the problems of the state without being beholden to campaign contributors for election? How about for bringing some common values to the Governorship? True, Arnold is pretty far left on social issues, but he is a good representative of what "conservatives" are like in California. The voters connected with him and his pledge to fix the state's problems. Davis and Bustamente offered nothing but more of the same.   It might be too optimistic to think the voters of California have seen the error of allowing leftist radicals to run their state. The true test will be in the next general election. If they recall the Democrats in the state legislature then I will believe that intelligence and reason has returned to the Golden State.