           Is Condi Gaslighting Rummy?   This day's DOWDism focuses on the supposed rift in the President's administration. It would seem to the Rabid Left that this transfer of power from the Dept. of Defense to the National Security Adviser's Office is some sort of evidence of in-fighting.   DOWD has always been contemptuous of Donald Rumsfeld. She calls him "Rummy" all the time and a "fossil." So this transfer of authority must seem to her to be a vindication of her dream that Rumsfeld is incompetant and that the Iraq situation is a... quagmire. Nothing could be further from the truth.  In fact, this transfer is obviously a positive sign. When the war is won, the military loses control. Occupation forces are placed under civilian authority, since there is no more enemy army to be vanquished. This is a show of confidence and strength by the Bush administration. They are saying the situation is peaceful and secure enough that Pentagon control is no longer necessary. No doubt Condolezza Rice's new authority will eb shared with military commanders on the ground over in Iraq, but she is now entrusted with rebuilding the country.  I refer you now to the mad ravings of the DOWD:  "The administration that never let you see it sweat is sweating, as two of its control freaks openly tug over control. The president's foreign policy duenna and his grumpy grampy over at the Pentagon are suddenly mud wrestling.  Women who are discouraged at the ascension of Conan the Barbarian in Cal-ee-fornia can take heart. In this delicious gender-bender, Condoleezza Rice triumphs as the macho infighter, driving Rummy into a diva-like meltdown. "  What is the evidence of any power struggle? I bet Rumsfeld is glad to be relieved of some of the Iraq responsibility. He must have other pressing concerns, like the War on Terror. Iran, Syria, and North Korea are now more important military concerns than some rag-tag guerillas in Iraq. Those terrorists can't threaten us as a nation by ambushing GI's in Iraq. But a nuclear North Korea is a threat to the entire world. It is better to have the Pentagon focus on bigger fish than some Saddam loyalists and Muslim extremists.  Perhaps Rumsfeld wasn't consulted on this shift. But is that really important? Is Rumsfeld so small that this transfer would cause a problem? I doubt it.   This rant by DOWD and others in the media shows their distrust of the Bush administration and the military on the whole. They refuse to believe that America is a force for good in this world, and that we simply do things better than the UN ever could. It is disgusting to me that these weasels cheapen the efforts of those who protect us and our way of life on a daily basis. I trust Bush's team to do what is right, and to ignore the holow criticism emenating from the liberal media cesspool. They have shown that they get results, and our moral authority is rock-solid.   I really have to write a piece on the goodness of America. It's one of the Fundamental Truths which seperate the leftists from reason.