         The recall.  I was watching Brit Hume on Fox last night at around 11 PM when they called the race for Ahnuld.  A little later, he had on Bob Mulholland, the chief Democratic man behind Davis.  Mulholland is the guy who brought us the scorched earth politics of Davis, and is widely reviled as a mean, bitter man.  He was in rare form last night after they conceded defeat.  Petulant, angry, bitter and so on.  I'm looking for a transcript, but it isn't up yet.  I'll try to paraphrase, and believe it or not, I'm not exaggerating.  Hume asked Bob basically 'what happened?'.  Bob went on a tear about how the Voters are going to get what they deserve for turning out a fine governor, and Davis was merely at the wrong place at the wrong time.  Bob said that any governor in this situation, mired in the Bush economy and fighting with Enron, would have been recalled.    Hume then asked if Bob was saying the the Davis record had anything to do with being recalled.  Bob smirked and said absolutely not.  Gray Davis was a victim of a revolt against Bush.  And Bush should take warning in these results.    Hume then rightly looked confused.  He pointed out that if you add up Ahnuld and McClintock's votes, you get 60% of the electorate.  He asked if getting 60% GOP votes in a state that is largely democratic is somehow to be seen as a dire warning for Bush?  Bob said absolutely.  These results demonstrated that California is angry with Bush, and Bush better create some jobs fast or he will be finished.  Oh, I should point out that through the whole thing, Bob referred to Bush Junior.  Finally, Hume asked, "Who is Bush Junior, sir?"  Bob replied, "The man who occupies the White House."  Note - occupies.  Not elected.  He then went on to say that during the first Bush presidency, GWB was widely called Bush Junior.  Hume responded that he covered that White House and never heard such a thing, then moved on.  It was a nice moment when a journalist came close to calling a hack a pinhead.  Bob went on to say that if Ahnuld has not repaired the state within 100 days, they were going to mount a recall to remove this illegitimate governor.  He said that 100 days was being generous, in light of how they were unjustly recalled themselves.  That's about all I can recall.  I really hope Fox puts up a video clip or at least a transcript.  This was priceless TV.