           When Prudery Kills   Kristof has been travelling Africa lately, lamenting Bush's murderous AIDS policy toward that nation.  I don't understand the premise of the column.  Kristof: "They've been in office three years, and they've done almost nothing to get the sick and dying on treatment," said Jeffrey Sachs, a Columbia University economist and expert on public health. "Despite a lot of talk and one famous speech, and one plan that isn't in operation, they've essentially accomplished nothing."  "It's utterly inexcusable," Mr. Sachs added, "that 7.5 million people in Africa have died on their watch, and they've not yet reached even 500 Africans on treatment in U.S.A.I.D.-supported programs. They've talked and procrastinated and dissembled while millions of impoverished people have died. Ultimately, history will judge them very severely."  Me:  When did Africa become part of the United States?  We have no obligation to pour money into this issue.  Every single dollar we put there is true charity, not an obligation.  Moreover, AIDS is largely a preventable disease based upon behavior.  To say that we are responsible for these deaths is once again removing the element of personal responsiblity of those contracting the disease.  Now if it were malaria or some other plague that comes along through little fault of the victim, I could see an argument that we should be doing more if we had the power.  But when people insist on engaging in activity that kills them, why are we obligated?  It would be as if the entire continent was smoking themselves to death, and people demanding that we flood the land with nicotine patches.    Kristof: The administration is also fumbling the AIDS initiative by requiring that one-third of AIDS prevention funds do nothing but encourage sexual abstinence until marriage. This is the kind of stipulation set by people who sit in Washington and have never actually set foot in an African village.  Me:  And what is wrong with abstinence?  As Rush likes to say ( I think Bill Bennet said it originally), abstinence works every time it is tried.  Or is it somehow unreasonable to expect Africans to have the strength and will to avoid deadly behavior?  This smacks of racism to me, the same sort of racism that says Iraqis just aren't able to handle freedom.  Or during our own AIDS crises, when defenders of gays said that gays just can't stop having sex.  Why are the defenders of groups always willing to lower the expectations for that group?  Bah!