         Mark tossed in some comments on the Rush addiction issue.  E-Mail starts:  To back up Don... Todd, to say you lost respect for Rush because he could not recognize his addiction, put it in perspective of his current life and success, and simply pick up the phone and dial up help is naive.  Hitting "rock bottom" is a clinical term for a reason.  I can see what you are thinking, if you had his life, you wouldn't let anything screw it up, but you are making two incorrect assumptions.  1.) You are projecting your perspective into your imagination of his life.  For Rush, the risk of an addiction is as great as your current risk of addiction. He loses his job, destroys his family and hits "rock bottom", albeit in the public eye (something he is used to anyway so that can be argued as no additional risk).  It doesn't matter that he is a talk show host and you are a QA engineer, the relative risks are the same/  2.) An addict, by the nature of addiction, cannot recognize the addiction while involved with it.  99% of the time, no matter what the addiction or who is addicted, it takes some large scale event or tradegy (rock bottom) to even be able to realize that there is a problem.  Making a move to get help is entirely another step that can be just as difficult as recognizing the problem.  The only time I have heard of someone taking a pre-emptive addiction counselling step is Ben Affleck for alcohol, which is hoopla cause he still "socially" drinks, can you smell publicity?  I know I am running dangerously close to liberal grounds by taking responsibility away from the individual in correcting their own problems, but I am just being realistic about the nature and proven physiology of an addiction.  It's easy for non-addicts to say you should have gotten help, but that is just ignorance towards the nature of the human mind and addiction.  On the other hand, when you recognize the problem, seek help and receive treatment, then, in my mind, you have the responsibility of staying clean and sober and falling back off the wagon is in-excusable, that's the point that I combine the liberal and conservative views in my thinking.  Sorry to sound like I am jumping on you, I just have seen this kind of stuff up front (not just from our family) and it has modified my thoughts on addiction.   End E-mail.  No, you aren't jumping on me.  This is a good discussion.    I should also note that my loss of respect is hypothetical at this point.  Much will depend on the truth when we know it.  I guess I simply lack an understanding of addiction.  I assume rationality, but addiction is by nature irrational.  Perhaps that is the root of my problem here.  I can't understand destroying yourself, especially when there is much to loose.    So perhaps my assessment is unfair.  I am willing to re-examine my thoughts about Rush's possible problem.  My lack of experience with it makes for difficult understanding.  However, in Rush's position, I think he bears a greater responsibility due to his position and stated opinions on his show.  It seems consistent to expect a man who spends much of his time promoting responsibility and leadership to recognize a problem within himself.  If he was a mere NFL commentator, then I could see the addiction getting out of hand since it isn't on the radar everyday.    Like Matthew Perry from Friends.  If the Chandler character is on every show going on about AA and drug recovery, yet the actor is drinking himself blind or popping pain meds (which happened), I would expect some sort of light to go on in his head.  Those circumstances seem contrary.  But since Chandler is just a funny man, the addiction is simply a bad thing that happened to an actor, and I'll keep watching the show and laughing at him.    With Rush, I can't help but feel that this shouldn't have happened.  Or at least he should have got some help (again, that's probably my problem right there...expecting him to recognize the problem).  Bah, I'm getting tangled up here trying to express my concern.  Leave it at this - I simply feel betrayed.  I want it to be false, and if it is true, I want him to get better.  But ultimately, his credibility will always be damaged on issues of responsibility and conduct.    Am I too harsh?  Perhaps.  The only addict I knew is dead by his own hand.  I lack a lot of experience with the problem, and most of what I do know is in retrospect, after he was gone.  I am angry about that.  Not that it matters, but he dissapointed me as I discovered more of what was going on.    But I have not been addicted or witnessed it first hand, so perhaps my anger is misplaced.  I can concede that.    My personal nature can best be described as compulsive.  When I find something I enjoy, I tend to go full-bore and squeeze the life out of it, driving all those around me crazy with my obsession.  Perhaps that is a similar thing to addiction.  I don't know.  But I can't imagine taking something I am obsessed about and destroying my life and family in order to persue it.  There are limits.  I'm just trying to describe my blind spot here.  I'm not denying that addiction is a powerful force.  But Rush is like Caesar, he must be beyond reproach because of the role he has assumed.    Okay, chime in.  I don't mind kicking this around.  And don't worry about blasting me.