         Don, I hope you don't mind me posting this, but after this email, I think I need to clear up exactly what I was saying.  I'm also very happy to hear that you are getting your life together.    Email starts -   not sure if I understand your position on Rush's alleged addition. You say  How could he do something so stupid. What are you talking about. His  addiction, petty drug dealing or his brazen behavior. As of late I am  becoming a bit of an expert on addiction and recovery. I have a problem with  alcohol. It's cost me a lot. It's taken me 15 years to figure that out.  If  Rush is an addict(he kicked smokes) it may take him something like this to  say "Hey I have a drug problem" An addict does not realize they are addicts.  The thought process is fucked up. All we care about is when, where and how.  He chose pain killers. I don't know the whole story but if he is truly  addicted then he needs help and lets hope he gets it. Step one is a tuff  step to take. We admit we are powerless over "drug of choice"and that our  lives had become unmanageable. I've admitted it but I have not accepted it.  I've got 11.5 steps to go. If true, you can see the unmanageable part of his  life, illegal acts. Whether it be alcohol, cocaine, heroin, sex, Rx drugs or  gambling it's a disease. If you don't believe that get hooked and try to get  off. Don't let the bad truth shatter your connection with him. We are only  human,(unless you believe the aquatic ape theory) we are hypocrites, we have  faults, as long as we are willing to make amends to those we have harmed  then we're moving in the right direction. Shit Robert Downy Jr. was given  the poor little rich Hollywood actor bit(media treatment) can't we somehow  make that defense fit for Rush. Poor formally huge right wing conservative talk radio show host awful tie  wearing NFL analyst with formally nicotine stained fingers Snapple drinking  Spatula city ad man. Ya think that will work.  End Email  My potential anger with Rush comes from the stupidity of his actions (assuming that he has done what the allegations claim - notably: purchasing drugs from street thugs, buying thousands of pills at a time, relying on a housekeeper as a supplier and so on.)  Someone of his profile simply cannot engage in this kind of behaivor and expect to not get caught.  People talk, especially low life dealers when they get caught.  Now, that isn't to say I condone the addiction so long as he is careful about his supply.  I can understand an addiction, and I don't know how the man suffered during his cochlear implant.  I've read that it can be an excruciating thing to go through.  Pain Killer addiction is somewhat easy to get tangled up in, from what I've read.  It bothers me, if true, that Rush did not seek help immediately.  He has it all.  A dream life, success, and a job he loves.  And he has placed it at risk, when help was a phone call away.  If he found himself hooked, all he had to do was call his doctor, take a medical leave, and then come back and tell us about his exercise in personal responsibility.    I am saddened when someone I admire becomes addicted, but I don't get angry unless that individual recognizes a problem and makes no effort to get help.    So I guess that is the root of my possible trouble with Rush.  I've never been addicted, so maybe I don't understand.  All I would hope for is that he gets himself fixed up if he has a problem.  If he got involved in a criminal enterprise, then I am going to have a harder time getting over it.