           Op-Ed Columnist: Scaring Up Votes   As soon as the GOP started running ads saying that the President is being attacked because he is attacking the terrorists, I couldn't wait for DOWD and company to pop off with a rambling screed.  She has not dissapointed me.  DOWD: Before the president even knows his opponent, his first political ad is blanketing Iowa today.  "It would take one vial, one canister, one crate slipped into this country to bring a day of horror like none we have ever known," Mr. Bush says, in a State of the Union clip.  Well, that's a comforting message from our commander in chief. Do we really need his cold, clammy hand on our spine at a time when we're already rattled by fresh terror threats at home and abroad? When we're chilled by the metastasizing Al Qaeda, the resurgent Taliban and Baathist thugs armed with deadly booby traps; the countless, nameless terror groups emerging in Turkey, Morocco, Indonesia and elsewhere; the vicious attacks on Americans, Brits, aid workers and their supporters in Iraq, Afghanistan and Turkey? The latest illustration of the low-tech ingenuity of Iraqi foes impervious to our latest cascade of high-tech missiles: a hapless, singed donkey that carted rockets to a Baghdad hotel.  Me:  Funny how DOWD and her cronies on the Left have been screaming for some time now that all terror threats were overblown, and we are over-reacting to a phantom of further terror.  Now when it is convenient for them, they can spout a whole list of international threats.  And when Bush reminds us, he is just fearmongering.  DOWD: Richard Clarke, the former U.S. counterterrorism chief, told Ted Koppel that Mr. Bush's habit of putting X's through the pictures of arrested or killed Qaeda managers was very reminiscent of a scene in the movie "The Battle of Algiers," in which the French authorities did the same to the Algerian terrorists: "Unfortunately, after all the known Algerian terrorists were arrested or killed, the French lost. And that could be the thing that's happening here, that even though we're getting all the known Al Qaeda leaders, we're breeding new ones. Ones we don't know about and will be harder to find."  Me: So now we should adopt our foreign policy from a movie about Frenchman?  What??  Further, it is now a bad idea to kill Al Qaeda because then we won't know any of the new leaders that could emerge?  I guess we made a big mistake taking down Germany in WWII, because no one saw that whole Sovet Union thing coming.  We should have left Hitler in power, so we could surround him and watch him closely.  Does DOWD really believe that the number of terrorists is a fixed quantity?  For each that dies, a replacement pops out of the ground?  So if we gather them all in one place and keep them alive, none will ever appear elsewhere?    DOWD: The Bush war left our chief villains operating, revved up the terrorist threat, ravaged our international alliances and sparked the resentment of a world that ached for us after 9/11.  Me: I'm really getting sick of those that pine for the days when we were pitied by the rest of the world.  We appreciate the sympathy, but I do not want the rest of the world's constant pity.  I'd rather stand on our own and take the appropriate action, and if the price is losing this pity, then all the better.  DOWD would rather have warm, runny sympathy over self-sufficiency and the projection of our power in a just cause.  DOWD: James Goodby and Kenneth Weisbrode wrote in The Financial Times last week that the Bush crew has snuffed the optimism of F.D.R., Ronald Reagan and Bush père: "Fear has been used as a basis for curtailing freedom of expression and for questioning legal rights long taken for granted. It has crept into political discourse and been used to discredit patriotic public servants. Ronald Reagan's favorite image, borrowed from an earlier visionary, of America as `a shining city on a hill' has been unnecessarily dimmed by another image: a nation motivated by fear and ready to lash out at any country it defines as the source of a gathering threat."  Me: I believe Reagan's Shinig City was ringed in anti-missile batteries and defended by tough men who could kill you from a thousand miles.  That's part of what made the city great.  In the mind of the Left, a practical realism in national defense cannot co-exist with an optimistic growth-oriented society.  I think that speaks volumes about thier perceptions of the world.  What are the alternatives?  Abandon defense?  Ignore a real threat?  Fear is here, and we do not seek to perpetuate it.  We have embarked upon a bold course; the premise that terror and anarchy are NOT givens, that we do not have to learn to live with a certain level of mayhem.  I don't know if we can bring about such a world, but how can you say it isn't a worthy goal?    The alternative is the constant churn of death and mayhem in most of the world, with the occasional spillover into our civilized society.  For ages, the Right has been guilty of isolationism.  I believe we have finally realized that we must be engaged in the events of the world, and we must use whatever means we command to instill order and peace where ever possible.  That means chosing sides, and acting strongly.  That means identifying evil and acting against it.  Concepts uncomfortable for the moral equivalence crowd on the Angry Left.    We can't get bogged down in recognizing the root cause of barbarism, and trying to understand unspeakable death and destruction in order to address it.  Poverty and hopelessness does not cause terror and death.  The latter cause the former.  We must stop the killing in order to bring the stability and peace that allows capital and prosperity to flow.  The only way to stop killing is to kill the killers.  Another idea that sends the Left under their beds in fear.  Literally, I think we are looking at the most important election in my generation's life.  If Bush is defeated, and we elect an anti-war President, then the terror front will gain a generation of power and life.  The message will be sent: we will not oppose you at the cost of our blood.  We will not engage you in foreign lands.  You have won the right to keep this battleground overseas, and to slaughter and destroy, to stand in the way of progress to preserve your breeding grounds of hate and terror.  The message we will send with a Bush loss cannot be argued.  It is a referendum on our resolve to see this through.  Should we change course, we will have declared our day done, and new powers will rise up within 50 years, supplanting us on the world stage.  And the world will return to a time when murder, war and terror are once again the common means to manage the daily affairs of nations.