           The Buck House Stops Here   DOWD again.  I wonder if this woman has a happy personal life?  DOWD: Swaddled in the $8.5 million security blanket of reinforced concrete, wire mesh and 14,000 bobbies designed to protect him from the ungrateful citizens of our one — I mean, our closest — ally, Mr. Bush was a blithe spirit in his rented tails with his English cousins behind the high gates of Buckingham Palace.  Me:  Would she rather he walk the street with no protection?  I'm sure if something happened, she would then crow about the naive trust of the administration.  DOWD: Ken Livingstone, the mayor of London, captured the spirit of the moment when he told NPR that the Republican National Committee should foot the bill for Mr. Bush's extraordinary security, the largest police operation ever in Great Britain. All this, he harrumphed, "just so George Bush can use a few clips of him and the queen in his campaign advertisements for re-election next year."  Me:  Ken Livingstone also said that GWB is the greatest threat to all life on the planet we've ever seen, and his policies, if continued, will gaurentee our extermination as a species.  He also commented that he does not recognize Bush since he wasn't elected as President.  Obviously, a noted and stately source of inciteful commentary.  DOWD: There was a dispiriting contrast between G.W.B. shutting out the world and avoiding the British public, and the black-and-white clips this week of J.F.K. reaching out to the world and being adored by Berliners.  Me: I AM SO SICK OF JFK!!  A man most notable for stopping a bullet.  The myth of Camelot and all of that.  The Democrats are stuck in the past, mired in a mirage that never existed.  The truth is that JFK was mostly an ineffective president.  Much of his legislation did not go anywhere, and aside from a few bright moments like the Cuban crises and the handling of Civil Rights, there wasn't much to talk about in such a short reign.  They conveniently ignore the massive corruption of the adminstration.  Am I suppose to get all weepy when I see the Zapruder film, or when I see Conkrite tearing up in that old black and white clip?  I'm sorry, the emotional capital is used up, and the Democrats will be well advised to move on and realize it isn't 1962.  Oh, and someone tell John Kerry that he looks rediculous when he insists on being called John F. Kerry.