           OpinionJournal - Best of the Web Today   A quick excerpt that deals with our favorite amphibian nation: France.  Tax Revolt, French Style The oh-so-civilized French are responding to high taxes by pillaging, the Scotsman reports:  The French government [Friday] announced a freeze on cigarette taxes in a fresh attempt to placate angry tobacco shop owners hit by a wave of robberies since taxes rose 20 per cent last month. . . .  Attacks on France's 34,000 tobacconists have risen sharply since the price of a top brand of cigarettes was raised to 4.60 [euros] (£3.20) from 3.90, turning the quintessentially French habit of smoking into a luxury.  Things have got so bad that tobacconists have even been targeted by ram-raiders--thieves who smash stolen cars into shop fronts in a technique usually reserved for jewellery stores.  The Associated Press, meanwhile, reports from Paris that wine makers are encouraging Frenchmen to drink and drive:  The $18 billion-a-year wine industry is fighting back against a government campaign to discourage drunk driving. It claims the government is scaring people away from ordering a glass when they go out and points to a 15 percent drop in wine sales at restaurants.  "People are so afraid of the police these days that they're not drinking any wine at all," Pascal Bobillier-Monnot, director of CNAOC national wine producers' association, said Friday.  Wine makers have always promoted moderate drinking to comply with the country's blood-alcohol limit of .05. But they say the government is overreacting when it tells drivers that the safest way to stay out of trouble is not to drink at all.   The AP also reports that municipal officials in Lyon littered the streets with 10,000 pieces of fake dog poop in an effort "to get people to do something that's never been done in France: obey the pooper-scooper law. The bright red plastic decoys were meant to raise awareness about the law and remind violators that they face a $45 fine for letting their dogs soil the sidewalks."   The AP notes that "the sidewalks of France's major cities remain pungent minefields of canine excrement." Sounds like a quagmire to us.  ME: Just a note, the cost in USD is $529 a pack for cigarettes in France now. Anyone want to tell me what the price is domestically?