         Mel Gibson an anti-semite?  Don sent me a rant this morning and it made me laugh, so I had to share it.  Email starts Did you hear? Mel Gibson is an anti-Semite. He made a movie based on the  gospel of St. John about the life and death of Jesus. Come on people, are ya  fucking kidding me? The jews killed Jesus. Jesus had to die, if He was not  killed there would be no atonement for sin.  Like it or not He had to die  for our sins. That's what I believe. How can the Jewish people say this  movie will promote anti-Semitism. Jesus was a Jew. They haven't seen the  movie yet. And you don't have to see it to knows how it ends. Everybody  knows how it ends. I bet you even know how it ends (joke). And it can't be  much better than the best selling book ever. I just watched the O'Reilly  factor. It's like the Jews are playing the Holocaust card again for whatever  reason. Like we will forget that happened. It's a movie. Just a movie. If  they are so concerned maybe some Jews should get together and do a happier  version of the film."Jesus Goes to Jerusalem", "Miracle at the Wailing  Wall". Hell remake the "Ten Commandments" Someone just did  "The Texas  Chainsaw Massacre" again, why the hell not! I haven't seen the film myself,  it's not out yet but please if you are going to critisize someone and throw  out words like anti-semite like your feeding bread to the pigeons make damn  sure there is truth to it. The way I see it if the Jews had not been  instumental in the death of Jesus, if Pilot had listened to his wife, I and  millions of others would probably be Jewish. So the Jew should be the  anti-semite and hate themselves for helping to create Christianity. Anyway have a good weekend.  End Email  I would actually like to see this movie.  Anything that can provoke reactions will at least be interesting.  Personally, I don't see what the fuss is about.  Like Don said, the Christians should be walking around thanking the Jews for being so central to the creation of thier faith.  But even so, holding the 'Jews' responsible as a whole is like harboring hatred for the English over the burning of the White House in 1812, or for Muslims hating the West over the Crusades....uh, okay, never mind that one.  It really seems silly.  But I respect Gibson for sticking to his guns.  He shows courage and certainly has strength in his faith to produce such a film, especially as a Hollywood actor.  No doubt, the entire Hollywood phonebook hates him now, since he has done such a terrbile thing like express faith in God.