           Boston.com / News / Politics / Democrats embracing drug imports   I feel the need to point this out yet again.  Yes, I work for Pfizer, and this affects me, but even before I worked here, I was completely and utterly opposed to importing drugs from Canada.  Excerpt: "The FDA is clearly the handmaiden of the pharmaceutical industry on this issue," Dean said in a telephone interview. "The Canadians don't have any different drug handling than we do." Opening the border to the flow of medicine from Canada would force the US pharmaceutical industry to lower prices, said Dean.  "Their business practices are anticompetitive," he said. "All I ask is that drug companies compete on price, just like everyone else."   Me: This is the most asinine thing I've heard Dean say.  The drugs don't COME from Canada.  The Left thinks that these pills just fall from trees in Canada, to be scooped up by workers and packaged for shipment.  ALL patented, new drugs are sent to Canada from US firms, only to be shipped right back here through these importation plans.  People like Dean seems to think this is 'competition'.  It is like legalizing the sale of stolen goods from the back of a truck.  The thieves rob the Best Buy stock truck and sell the goods in the parking lot for half price, and the politicians think this is 'competition' and 'fair market policy'.  Exceprt: "Americans now know -- it's no longer a secret," said US Representative Dennis Kucinich of Ohio, one of the nine Democrats in the primary race. "People are hot about this, and they are demanding a response."  Me: This again strikes at the fundamental core difference between the Left and Right.  The Left believes in serving the majority, regardless of the long term impact.  They believe in Democracy, which will destroy us one day.  The Right believes that our officials have a duty to protect the law from the passion of the mob.  We expect them to constrain our impulses, because the mob is seldom right.  They are tasked with studying the issues and making the correct long term decision, even if we don't like it.  Unfortunately, since there are so many perks to being in office, few really do what is right over what is popular.    Exceprt: "It makes no sense to pay the highest prices in the world, and other industrialized countries get the benefit of all that largesse from American taxpayers, and they pay far less for the drugs," said Representative Richard A. Gephardt of Missouri.  Me: I agree with Gephardt (the horror!), but I know he didn't mean what he just said. His answer is to screw the drug companies, and ultimately, the public.  My answer is to take on price controls over seas through sanctions and an aggressive policing of overseas patent violations.  If Canada doesn't want to pay market price, and they threaten to violate patents if we don't submit to thier extortion, then we should slap massive, punative fiscal punishment down on them.  Free trade is only free when all sides honor it.