           Ain't It Cool News - View Article   This is a "review" of Matrix Revolutions. I originally sent this to Todd as an email, but I think it should be shared with the world. Some slightly harsh language follows.  Funny how he didn't think the fights in Reloaded were worth anything. I thought they were phenomenal. Much more satisfying than the first movie's. But then again, I don't look for meaning in beating things up real good.   "This time, the ACTIONS define the characters, not lengthy tired monologues out of 2nd Year College Comparative Religion Studies or Basic Human Psyche-courses. This time they focus the story on individual POINTS OF VIEW, so that we can have a HUMAN GUIDE through the spectacle at any given moment. This time, the ACTIONS define the characters, not lengthy tired monologues out of 2nd Year College Comparative Religion Studies or Basic Human Psyche-courses. This time they focus the story on individual POINTS OF VIEW, so that we can have a HUMAN GUIDE through the spectacle at any given moment."  Hah! What a turd Fat Harry is! He couldn't take all the standing around and talking. I bet he almost sunk into his fat rolls when the Architect laid down the law for Neo. You and I are the only ones who realize that you could put an "action sequence here" placard in for all the fighting and whatnot and still have a great movie.  "Big PowerSuit battle versus a bajillion squiddies. COOL. If I hear one more person say, "ALIENS" in regards to those suits, I'm liable to roll my eyes and consider them addicted to lead paint chips. Please - for my amusement. Point to the scene in ALIENS, where the outfits were firing 150mm exploding rounds into bajillions of Squiddies in a last stand to save humanity."  This promises to be the most painful and RoboCop2-esque sequence in recent memory. How stupid is it to make power armor suits that leave the meat exposed? I can't see myself experiencing joy during this CG-fest the way I did in the freeway chase in TMR.  "THEN - I get in the car, and Father Geek and I are backing out of our driveway, and a FED EX truck pulls in front of the house. Mr. Fed Ex Man, gets out and gives me the big ol package, and leaves. I see that it's from Alex Ross, so I open it like a boy on Christmas Morning and it's his new book - MYTHOLOGY. That collection of all of Alex Ross' DC art. OH JOY."  First off, WTF? Who gives a flying F about his comic books? What does this have to do with the movie? I guess it could be excused by explaining his mood at the time of viewing. And secondly, he still lives with his parents! I realize I do too, and I don't expect to be taken seriously until I am on my own. So I cannot take Fatass seriously either.  "Well, the odd thing is: MATRIX REVOLUTIONS restores everything you thought and believed in the first film. At least it did for me. Oh sure, without the second film, you wouldn't know who the Merovingian was or the Architect, but ya know what? As key as they are, they're not the cat's pajamas."  Uh-oh. This is bad. I thought the first movie was OK. Just OK. I loved it at first, but then I realized it was all promise and no delivery. TMR is the TRUE Matrix movie, at least so far. When Lard-Boy gushes that TMRev is the superior, i get scared. I remember how he hated TMR, and that was a religous experience for me. This reminds me of his review for Episode 1.  "You see, The Machines - They're the United States and Capitalism. Ultimately they want society operating in the 9 to 5, eat your food, grab a movie, raise the kids, go to church and get back to work sort of daze. That's the Machine way. Don't worry about the MEANING OF IT ALL just do your job, be a battery and power the big society forward."  I am choking with rage at this very moment. The EVIL USA! He is bashing the very existence that most of the world envies! Must be nice never having to work a day in your life and be a fat slob who is supported by his parents!  "Or you could say AGENT SMITH is that Born Again Christian type that is trying to eradicate another's belief system and ultimately the elimination of both either politically, humanly or functionally is a move towards peace. In the end. when the Big White Man meets the Oracle at the park with the little Indian/Pakistani girl at her side. Essentially the Big White Industrialist is saying, "How long will this peace last?" And she is essentially the U.N. A governing body that tries to disrupt the all powerful and to give all sides a voice. She says, "As long as it can."  More rage is felt against the Fat One. He must think he is writing reviews for the NYT. How else could you explain the sniping against the USA, Christians, capitalism, and white men? The UN seeks to bring up the weak and bring down the strong? I guess Syria and Libya and Iraq were all model societies compared with the evil hegemony of the USA.  "And while we're at it, shaving Agent Smith's head and putting him in the ol Purple and green Lex Luthor outfit and giving him magic powers; well, that'd just own."  The insanity continues! THis time he shouws his contempt for the best martial arts seqence of ALL TIME (the Chateau in TMR)!  "I STILL FEEL those fights were unemotional video game pointless endeavors of masturbation. No fight was ever won or lost. All draws. Every conversation was about standing in the corner and deciding to jack off with the left OR right hand."  This review is feces. The fights were incredible. They were all about exploring what coolness the One is capable of. Like I mentioned earlier, they could have been replaced by a plain text sign and I would still have loved the movie. But to me they were some reward, a treat from the makers of the move. Kind of like how in Star Wars there would be scenes that did nothing but show off.  In short, Fat Harry is a total idiot when it comes to anything under the sun. I used to think he might have some sort of knowledge or understanding, but now it is painfully obvious to everyone that he is a fat idiot who got lucky.