           Op-Ed Columnist: This Can’t Go On   Krugman is wild-eyed and raving this morning.  Are you guys getting as tired of him as I am?  Krugman: The prime example I have hammered on in this column is, of course, the federal budget. Realistic budget projections say that current policies aren't remotely sustainable. For example, a month ago a joint report of the Committee for Economic Development (a business group), the bipartisan Concord Coalition and the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities concluded that under current policies, federal debt would rise by $5 trillion over the next decade. And then baby boomers will start collecting benefits, and our debt will really explode.   Such explosive growth in debt can't go on forever, and it won't. Yet our current leaders and their apologists insist that the problem will magically solve itself. Last year's deficit came in slightly below forecasts, and we've had one quarter of good economic growth — see, we'll grow out of the deficit!  Me:  You know, I'm starting to wonder if Bush has this super-savant type insanity going on.  I have a huge problem with the runaway spending under his watch, but with the terror issue, I'll still support him.  To inject the old drunken sailor metaphor, observe the binge the US government is on.  But perhaps there is something to this.  Yes, I'm being a little fanciful, but there is a tremendous upside to this spending.  The Day of Reckoning is indeed closer than it was before.  We are hurtling toward the cliff, but I think it is a good thing.  The spending levels and the number of insane programs in the federal budget are starting to become a caricature.  No reasonable person can defend half of what we spend on, and as the growing crises becomes more visible, I am starting to believe that the majority of voters want an end to it.  The Bush tax cuts, and there are more to come in the next few years, are robbing the Government of the fuel it needs to continue.  The monster is starving, and it is starting to consume itself in an effort to stay alive.  As the tax cuts keep coming, the idea of a tax increase is unacceptable to most voters.  Yes, I know that a sizable minority pay no taxes, and they will always try to suck more out of government at the expense of the productive, but I think the momentum is switching.  More and more producers are waking to the scam, and they are voting in larger numbers.  The inevitable end to this is a real, true reduction in government spending.  I see no other way.  The growth is not sustainable, and a continued shift of the tax burden to the producers is also not sustainable.  At some point, the monster has to starve, and I think we are getting there.  There is a growing trend toward conservatism in this country, and that means reducing government.  Whether Bush is crazy-smart, or just a lousy republican, the increased spending is accelerating the crises and perhaps bringing us closer to the solution.  Okay, that was my wild-eyed raving.  Back to Krugman.  Krugman: Some Americans may share the views of the Republican congressman who said that progress in Iraq was "a better and more important story than losing a couple of soldiers every day." (Support the troops!)  Me:  So we have DOWD, Ivins, the NYT Editorial board, and now Krugman misquoting the Congressman, as I pointed out earlier.  It no longer shocks me to see them manipulate words to serve their ends.  It would be like me quoting Clinton at a famous newsconferece.  "I want you to listen to me.  I....had sex with that woman, Ms. Lewinsky."  Never mind what the ellipses represent.  Those sections of his statement were not contextually relevent.    (In case you don't remember - "I want you to listen to me.  I never, not once never, had sex with that woman, Ms. Lewinski.")  Krugman: Yet we keep expecting a magic solution. We'll get European, Indian and Pakistani forces to help us! But since we went to war without international support, they're not interested. We'll bring in the Turks! But the Iraqi Governing Council itself is bitterly opposed. We'll engage in "Iraqification," creating local forces that take the place of American troops! Let's hope that works — but hope is not a plan.  Me:  No, Mr. Krugman, YOU keep expecting a magic solution.  You want us out of Iraq in months, not years.  You want it done with no death, no trouble, and no expense.  It seems the adults in charge understand that this is going to be damn hard, bloody and expensive...but it is WORTH doing.  Those of you on the Left seem to think that nothing is worth doing if it is hard.  A sad legacy from the party of Kenneday.  "We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do the other things, not because they are easy, but because they are hard."  Krugman: Just as the federal government is in no immediate danger of running out of money, our forces in Iraq are in no danger of outright defeat. But in both cases, current policies appear to be unsustainable: we can't go on like this indefinitely. And things that can't go on forever, don't.    Me: What a brilliant piece of logic.  No one intends to go on like this forever.  That is why we fight - for an END!