         This is an internal clipping from the Pfizer news digest presented each morning on our internal home page.  So I can't give you a link.  Twenty-two members of Congress have signed a letter asking Attorney General John Ashcroft to investigate whether the pharmaceutical industry has violated antitrust laws by restricting sales to Canadian wholesalers and pharmacies that export to the United States.  ''We must not allow pharmaceutical companies to abuse American consumers, and place lives at risk, by illegally manipulating supply,'' the letter concludes. The letter is on the stationery of Representative Gil Gutknecht, a Republican from Minnesota, who has sponsored legislation that would legalize drug imports from Canada and Europe.  The letter comes in the midst of negotiations on Capitol Hill over the details of a Medicare drug bill that includes a provision to legalize drug imports from Canada and Europe. Among the compromises being discussed is a provision that would restrict the imports solely to those from Canada.  The letter to the attorney general is intended to influence the jockeying among conferees by pointing out how effectively the drug industry has controlled drug supplies to Canada. A bill that permits imports only from Canada may not allow Americans to save much on drug costs, the letter signers say.  ''This underscores that the Canada-only proposals might not be the best solution,'' said Bryan Anderson, press secretary for Mr. Gutknecht.  Minnesota's attorney general, Mike Hatch, has announced that he is investigating GlaxoSmithKline for its efforts to restrict drug supplies to Canada. For their part, Canadian health authorities have expressed alarm that exports to the United States could lead to drug shortages in Canada.  On a conference call with analysts in late October, the chief executive of Pfizer, Henry A. McKinnell, was asked whether the company might some day be required to supply unlimited quantities of drugs to Canadian pharmacies.  ''I'm not sure that the Congress of the United States could take away our patent and trademark rights in Canada,'' Mr. McKinnell said. ''That would be an interesting question.''  End clipping.  So by attempting to control our own product from the abuse of the Canadian government and price controls, we are guilty of abusing American customers??  And this is a Republican doing this to us??  Just goes to show you why I think of myself as a Conservative before I am a Republican.  The ethics of this really bothers me.  Canada is essentially holding us at gunpoint, saying if we refuse to supply them under their price caps, they will simply break our patents and make the products for themselves.  And now we have the US government telling us that we MUST submit to this blackmail, AND we must allow the US market to glom on to these price controls, further eroding our ability to make a profit.  Your medical future is at stake.  Take away the ability to profit from intellectual property, and you'll never see that cure for cancer.  Good luck to all of the short term thinkers out there.