           Universal Declaration of Human Rights    The whole UN situation is really frosting me this morning.  People seem to get all warm and fuzzy over the UN, imagining some Star Trek utopia where we all live in peace and prosperity under the loving hand of the Secretary-General.  No one really takes the time to examine what the UN stands for, and how their aims are not in the best interest of the United States.  Here is a link to the UN Universal Rights of Man.  Sounds like a noble document?  I’ll admit that a good portion of it is a solid call for basic human rights, similar to our own founding documents.  For the most part, Articles 1-21 are fairly decent, but I would still have some minor issues in wording.  A good example is Article 17.  Article 17. (1) Everyone has the right to own property alone as well as in association with others. (2) No one shall be arbitrarily deprived of his property.  What does ‘arbitrarily’ mean?  So long as you have a process defined, you can strip property from people?  Unfortunately, that is the existing case in America, so my problem here extends beyond the UN.  Anyway, the real horror of this document starts with Article 22.    Article 22. Everyone, as a member of society, has the right to social security and is entitled to realization, through national effort and international co-operation and in accordance with the organization and resources of each State, of the economic, social and cultural rights indispensable for his dignity and the free development of his personality.  A Right (capital R) is a thing that exists without the free effort of another man to make it exist.  You have the Right to Life, Freedom, Happiness etc.  No one has to do anything to make this happen.  A Right cannot enslave someone else to force them to provide it for you.  Therefore, there is no Right to Healthcare, no Right to Education, no Right of Social Security.  These so called Rights require someone else to provide a service, regardless of your ability to compensate that individual for said service.  It is essentially permission to enslave someone.  This Article requires a nation to force citizens to provide for the well being of other citizens, and while they may be paid for the service, the funds to pay will be extracted by force from the populace.  And how does one define an appropriate level of dignity and free development?  Who makes that decision? Article 23. (1) Everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favourable conditions of work and to protection against unemployment. (2) Everyone, without any discrimination, has the right to equal pay for equal work. (3) Everyone who works has the right to just and favourable remuneration ensuring for himself and his family an existence worthy of human dignity, and supplemented, if necessary, by other means of social protection. (4) Everyone has the right to form and to join trade unions for the protection of his interests.  Again, no one has the Right to employment.  To realize this Right, someone else is forced to provide a job.  Same for protection against unemployment.  While the idea sounds noble, compulsion is not the answer.  Section 3 requires just and favorable remuneration.  Who shall determine ‘just and favorable’?  How will this be enforced?  It even calls for supplements for those who don’t make this ‘just and favorable’ amount.  Who shall provide the supplement?  The way to properly insure good working conditions and the availability of jobs is to ensure economic conditions that create a high demand for labor.  Employers competing for labor will provide good conditions, high pay, and benefits.  Mandating these conditions by the government enslaves us all to arbitrary ideas. Article 24. Everyone has the right to rest and leisure, including reasonable limitation of working hours and periodic holidays with pay.  Again, a properly vigorous economy will be sufficient to provide this benefit.  Through a mandate, the UN is requiring the employer to provide a Right at his own expense, and perhaps against his will. Article 25. (1) Everyone has the right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family, including food, clothing, housing and medical care and necessary social services, and the right to security in the event of unemployment, sickness, disability, widowhood, old age or other lack of livelihood in circumstances beyond his control. (2) Motherhood and childhood are entitled to special care and assistance. All children, whether born in or out of wedlock, shall enjoy the same social protection.  This is simply a nightmare!  How are these Rights defined?  Now, simply for being born, someone has to provide me with a standard of living, food, clothing, housing, medical, unemployment, disability, life insurance and a pension.  And I am required to do – nothing!  And if I am a mother, I have the Right of special care.  Again, who will provide this?  From whom am I permitted to steal in order to fulfill my own Rights?  Someone must provide, whether they wish it or not.  I am entitled to my own cadre of slaves. Article 26. (1) Everyone has the right to education. Education shall be free, at least in the elementary and fundamental stages. Elementary education shall be compulsory. Technical and professional education shall be made generally available and higher education shall be equally accessible to all on the basis of merit. (2) Education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms. It shall promote understanding, tolerance and friendship among all nations, racial or religious groups, and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace. (3) Parents have a prior right to choose the kind of education that shall be given to their children.  Education cannot be free, since someone has to pay for it.  I don’t care what stage it is.  The idea that education shall be ‘equally accessible to all based on merit’ is a contradiction in terms.  It is either equally accessible, or it is merit based.  It cannot be both!  Which trumps the other?  And note that ‘Education shall be directed to the full development of the human personality and to the strengthening of respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms.’  What of dissent?  What of those that do not believe in these human rights?  An education is not intended to program and propagandize.  An education is the free examination of all ideas, with an independent conclusion by the student.  At least in terms of social and political issues, the hard sciences are something else entirely, but this Article seems more concerned with promoting its own ideas through a compulsory educational system rather than assuring a useful, practical education.  I love the line – ‘and shall further the activities of the United Nations for the maintenance of peace.’  It simply drips with totalitarian control. Article 27. (1) Everyone has the right freely to participate in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific advancement and its benefits. (2) Everyone has the right to the protection of the moral and material interests resulting from any scientific, literary or artistic production of which he is the author.  So I have the Right to freely participate in cultural life?  What does that mean?  This is really trivial, and it cheapens the concept of a Right by including it here.    Article 28. Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized.  This one I think is more for the protection of this very Document.  Essentially, no competing system will be permitted to exist, as we all have the Right to this Document, and this Document alone.    Article 29. (1) Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible. (2) In the exercise of his rights and freedoms, everyone shall be subject only to such limitations as are determined by law solely for the purpose of securing due recognition and respect for the rights and freedoms of others and of meeting the just requirements of morality, public order and the general welfare in a democratic society. (3) These rights and freedoms may in no case be exercised contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations.  This one might as well have been written by Satan.  Everyone has duties to the community, and it is the community alone that enables the development of his personality.  Our slavery to the state is institutionalized.  Anything they wish to take from us can be justified through our duty to the community.  The masses are sovereign over the individual.  Section 2 states that our freedoms are only nullified by the ‘just requirements of morality, public order, and the general welfare in a democratic society.’  I won’t go into an anti-democracy tirade here, since I lake the room, but the very concept of nullification of a Right based on the ‘public good’ is anathema to an American.  My Rights do not stem from the permission of others.  They come from Higher, and even though I do not believe in the God of organized religion, the concept of Divine Right is still relevant to me.  My Rights are not given by man.  And they aren’t given by the State.  The general welfare of public opinion cannot restrain my fundamental Rights, and to suggest that they can be nullified is the vilest thing I can imagine.  And section 3 is the kicker.  No rights can be exercised contrary to the principles of the United Nations.  They have established an arbitrary sovereignty over all of Humanity.  They trump everyone else.  The Founding Documents of the United States do not make such allowances.  Our Rights, are TRUE Rights as enumerated in the Bill of Rights, cannot be deprived in most cases.     The very concept of Rights has been bastardized to the point where we speak of the Right to Prescription Drugs, or the Patients Bill of Rights.  No Rights exist outside of the fundamental expressed in the Bill of Rights.  No one must act to give me my Rights, since my Rights are not man made.    Be wary of the UN.