           Amazon.com: DVD: I, Claudius (1975)   What I just finished watching....  I've been aware of "I, Claudius" for many years, but never took the time to watch it.  I have to credit Mike for urging this upon me recently.  It is 13 parts, each one hour long, and well worth the investment.  The story follows the rule of Augustus (the adopted son of Julius Caeser, who is also known as Octavius), then on to Tiberius, then the insane Caligula, finally ending with the rule of Claudius, the title character.  It is a fascinating account of the early crumbling of the greatness of Rome.  The petty ambitions of men and women tear it all down, and you can sense the inevitible inertia behind the death of Rome.  It really is a top-notch production, even if it is somewhat old.  The cast is a virtual who's who of fine actors.  Derek Jacobi plays Claudius, afflicted by a limp and a stutter.  Claudius plays the fool, managing to survive assassination and intrigue through his appearance of harmlessness.  It is ironic that he becomes Emperor despite being a rabid Republican, eager to restore the Roman Republic.  Brian Blessed plays Augustus, and he is full of power and energy.  John Hurt, of Alien chest bursting fame, plays the depraved and insane Caligula.  A younger Patrick Stewart plays the leader of the Praetorian Guards, Sejanus, under the reign of Tiberius.  He gets his just end.  John Rhys-Davies has a smaller part as Makro, successor of Sejanus and murdered of Tiberius at the behest of Caligula.  Sian Phillips plays an amazing Livia.  I've seen her in a lot of roles, but for some odd reason, the one that sticks out in my mind is her portrayal of the Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam in Dune (a movie notable for having more voiceovers than actual dialogue.)  It really is a superlative piece of work.  I'm obsessed with the greatness of the Roman Republic, but this glimpse into the early days of the Empire is just as compelling.  The stench of decay is already upon it, a scant 100 years from the time of Julius Caesar.