           Op-Ed Columnist: No Will to Win?   Howard Dean is causing a great deal of teeth gnashing among the Democrats.  "One very prominent Southern Democrat, who asked not to be identified, said of Howard Dean, "This guy will take us down like the Titanic. ""  I, for one, am looking forward to a Dean candidacy.  I couldn't have selected a more appropriate candidate for the Left, other than maybe Big Al Sharpton.  (Imagine that campaign season for a moment...)  Herbert: The Dems may indeed sink like the Titanic next year. But I don't think Dr. Dean is the problem — at least, not yet. The problem is the party itself. God and the Republicans have blessed the Democrats with the high ground on one important issue after another, from the war in Iraq to national economic policy to health care to education to the environment.  But like the Union general George McClellan, the Democrats have been too timid to take full advantage. It's a party for the faint of heart. The Republicans are hijacking elections and redistricting the country and looting the Treasury and ignoring the Constitution and embittering our allies, while the Democrats are — let's see, fumbling their way through an incoherent primary season and freaking out over Al Gore's endorsement of Howard Dean.  Me: It is funny when the Left claims that they haven't been angry enough.  How much more combatative can they get?  Dean goes on TV and accuses Bush of knowing about 9/11 ahead of time.  They block the federal judges with impunity.  The grass roots activists are advocating presidential assassination.  But they aren't combative enough?  Herbert: The strongest ticket might be Dean-Clark. But the Democrats need more than a candidate or two. The party needs a plan.   Me:  I love this 'plan fetish' on the Left.  They always must have a 'plan', or George Bush has no 'plan'.  I saw an article yesterday where John Conyers from Michigan wants to see Howard Dean's 'plan' for ending Child Poverty.  How does one END poverty anyway?  I think their plan is to use the word 'Halliburton' as often as possible and pretend it is a policy statement.  "Dr. Dean, why should we elect you?"  "Halliburton".  "Pardon me?"  "Halliburton, and Dick Cheney's cronies...."  So bring on the good doctor and lets get the the campaign.  We can wager on whether we shall witness another Mondale or Dukakis.  ANy takers?