           A Day That Will Not Live in Infamy, by The Plaid Adder - Democratic Underground    I can't let this pathetic hysteria go by.  Read the whole column if you really want a full taste of dementia.  Adder: "In Afghanistan, American forces this weekend found the bodies of nine children, after U.S. air attacks on a location where a suspected terrorist was hiding. A U.S. military spokesman in Afghanistan says the terrorist was also killed in Saturday's raid. NPR's Emily Harris joins us on the line from Kabul..."   And so the first words out of my mouth on December 7, 2003, are "Oh, Jesus."   Me: Fine and dandy.  I was horrified as well, but my first instinct is not to blame the US.  I don't believe we would do such a thing if we had the full picture of what was going on down there on the ground.  But of course, the Leftist assumes the pilots laughed at the thought of all those kids they are about to slaughter.  Adder: It only came to anyone's attention at NPR because the victims were children. And eventually, I too will forget what happened Sunday morning in the coming weeks as some other cluster of deaths pushes it out of my mind. Reports of American casualties come out punctually once a day with a nightmarish sameness; it's as if the same two American soldiers keep getting blown up over and over and over again. Meanwhile we all know the story of the Afghan raid that went awry; we've heard it many, many times before. We have heard it so often that we have stopped asking what you might think would be sensible questions, such as...   &#8226; Was it really necessary to use air power to apprehend a single individual?   &#8226; Isn't the war in supposed to be over? So why are we still bombing?   &#8226; Is it ethically, morally, or even practically defensible to kill nine people in order to take out a single human "target"?   &#8226; Does anyone in America still care whether anything we are doing with our military is ethically or morally defensible?   Me:  Funny, the use of words.  'the same two American soldiers keep getting blown up'.  I'm sure it is unconscious, but it reveals a bias by sayingthe soldiers are the one's getting blow up.  Not that bad people are blowing them up - no, they are the ones 'getting' blown up.    As for the bullet points.  Was it really NECESSARY to use air power to apprehend a single individual?  Would she prefer we dispatch troops over desolate lands, hours away, to arrive and not find the suspect?  Would she accept a lower efficiency, just to avoid bombs?  The military has already admitted a mistake was made.  It is terribly sad, but it was an accident.  Isn't the war supposed to be OVER?  So why are we still bombing?  This is the typical infantile response of the Left, taunting Bush for declaring an end to major hostilities.  It is irrational to assume that the entire region has been pacified.  Minor operations will continue.  Prosecuting these thugs is not an admission that the war continues in full force.  Is it ethically, morally or even PRACTICALLY defensible to kill nine people in order to take out a single human "target"?  Again with the hyperbole.  However, I would answer 'yes' under the right circumstances.  If a thug is surrounded by his own family, then regrettably, there comes a time to take him out.  If that same thug has taken hostages, of course you do what you can, but at the same time, the end result MUST be the death of said thug, regardless of the cost.  These aren't Americans, and perhaps it sounds racist, but our first priority is out own safety.  I hate to see it, but I'd rather see this if it prevents a major attack in the future.  Does anyone in America still care whether anything we are doing with our military is ethically or morally defensible?  In whose eyes?  I think we are morally justified for anything we have done so far.  Just because we have a difference in opinion over what is moral or ethical, you cannot label all actions in terms of absolute evil.  Many feel as I do - that we are doing the right thing here.  To presume you have a lock on morality is the height of the same arrogance you try to pin upon us.  Adder: But you know what, I am sick of the policy argument. I am sick of the fact that as far as you can tell from listening to the pundits, the talking heads, the reporters and the governmental mouthpieces, once you get outside America, human life is not worth a thing - unless you can somehow make the case that protecting that human life will ultimately benefit Americans. I am sick of the fact that our government has simply assumed - and my fellow Americans by and large have simply accepted - that we have a permanent and unrestricted license to kill. Anyone, anywhere, any number of people, any time it's convenient for us.   Me: Sorry you are so sick, but there is some truth here that needs to be confronted.  To Americans, American life IS worth more than a non-American life.  That is just and true.  It is a consequence of our morals, and our community.  From a legal perspective, it is a consequence of our Constitution.  Our leaders and military have a duty to value American life over all others.  Of course we take great pains to protect all life.  What other nation in history has done as much good with their military as we have?  How many other nations go to war to feed people?  Yes, it is in our best interests, but it also conforms to our values of life and freedom, including the life and freedom of non-Americans.  When push comes to shove, the American is valued more.  That is the case overseas.  Each and every Iraqi soldier killed in the war was valued less than an American soldier, despite the fact that the majority were decent people trying to survive between the US Marines and Saddam's butchers.  Sad, but we acted appropriately.    Adder: This attitude is the logical result of the doctrine of "preventive war," which posits that we are allowed to strike anyone we identify as a potential threat to us - whether or not that presumption is reasonable. If the self-defense standard in American courtrooms was that lax there would never be another homicide conviction. All the defendant would have to do would be to say that he perceived that the victim was threatening him.   Me: Again, the Leftist reveals the primary difference between them and us.  To them, 9/11 was a CRIMINAL act, to be prosecuted by men in suits in courtrooms.  To the normal American, who does not need to weight the nuance of what happened, 9/11 was an act of WAR, to be prosecuted under a different set of rules.  They still don't get that.    Adder: Why have we accepted the fact that we drink the blood of our kindred with our morning coffee, and taste the ashes of our neighbors' burning homes when we sit down to dinner with the 6:00 news? Why have we forgotten that national boundaries are imaginary, that as human beings we are all part of the same extended family, and that when all this is over we will all have to live with each other?   Me: Kum-ba-yah, m'Lord....Kum-ba-yah.  I feel like I should be holding hands around a campfire.    The rest is just more drivel.  She makes no mention of her solution, but I'm sure it is pulling the soldiers out, letting chaos descend, and address it through Kucinich's Department of Peace (Cleveland still must answer for Kucinich).