           My Way News   Gore endorses Howard Dean.  This is really huge in so many ways.  First, in my opinion, it cements the Bush landslide in 2004.  Dean is the weakest in the head to head polls against Bush, and his boiling anger and hatred of Bush will not play well with the moderate swing voters.  True, Dean fires up the liberal base, but that is really a problem, as the true liberal core of the Democratic party is only about 10-15% of registered Democratic voters.  He appeals to the hatemongers of the Democratic Underground, which is a good thing for Bush.  This also unmasks good old 'centrist' Gore as a raving leftist looney.  If he cannot understand the debacle that is Howard Dean, then he is a prisoner to ideology over practicality.  We will go down in great gouts of principled flame.  I welcome it.  On another point, how does it feel to be Joe Leiberman?  Loyal to the end, even deferring to Gore during his present campaign.  Joltin' Joe said he would step aside if Gore decided to run, and here is his payment for all of that loyalty.  Leiberman is hated by his own party as a centrist democrat, and now betrayed by his running mate.  I think Joe's party left him behind as they lurch to the Left.  Finally, Gore has stuck his thumb in the eye of the Clinton power machine.  Wesley Clark is the Clinton candidate, and by straying from the plantation, Gore has declared his independence from the Clinton machine.  Dean has been a vocal critic of the DNC leadership, all hand-picked by the Felon-in-Chief.  Terry MacAullife won't have a job in a few months, and that is probably good for the Democrats as a whole.  I'm sure Hillary is rooting for a Democratic loss to clear the way for her 2008 run, but she still needed her people in charge of the party.  Now if Dean goes down in flames, pulling the party into the abyss while putting his own people in charge, the task for Hillary becomes more difficult.  Yes, this endorsment is sending shockwaves through the political landscape.  It's like kicking over an anthill.  BUt in the end, I think I'm going to get what I'm dreaming of: a Dean-Bush matchup.