         Battlestar Galactica.  How many of you remember this series from 1978?  I don't recall much more than the fact that I loved in back then, but I was eight.  So when I heard that Sci-Fi is going to remake it, I am curious but afraid.  Afraid because many of the 'Made for Sci-Fi' movies that I've seen are mostly unwatchable after the first few minutes.  Afraid because of certain rumors passed on to me from Steve, like the Cylon's being women with glowing red spines.  Shudder....  But I dutifully set up the computer to 'tape' it, and then troll through the internet to try to recall who was in the original.  I did manage to catch part of an original episode on Sci-Fi last weekend, as they try to build enthusiasm for the new series.  The show did not age well at all, and I quickly turned the channel when Diane came into the room, to avoid embarrasment when the little motorized pet dog ambled on to the screen.  That was a disaster, and an early example of why cute kids and cute dogs are death to any scene.  The original only aired for one season, which surprised me to discover.  They cancelled it when it was #1 in the ratings, because it was far too expensive to produce.  Imagine that!  But I do remember the special effects, for 1978 technology, as being first rate.  So there is precious little of a story line that has been explored beyond the first 22 episodes.  Enough of the old stuff.  How was the new stuff?  Well, I set up to tape, and then flipped it on upstairs to keep an eye on it while I unpacked.  I wasn't really focused on it for the first twenty minutes or so, but surprisingly, it sucked me in.  After the first fourty minutes, I was trying to time all of my unpacking activities around commercials, running to get another box from the garage and trying to make it last until the next commercial.  I was really intrigued by what I was seeing.  If you are too young to recall the original plot, let me summarize.  The story is an allegory to the Diaspora of the Jews.  Humanity lives on twelve colonies, and the people refer to themselves as Colonials.  The twelve worlds represent the twelve tribes of Israel.  In thier past, they created artificial beings called Cylons (pronounced psy-lons).  Inevitably, as is demanded by standard plotting, the Cylons rebelled and great, costly wars were fought.  In this new version, the Cylons left the human part of space about fourty years ago, after an armistace granting them their freedom.  The show starts with the Cylons coming back to finish the job of exterminating the humans.  After knocking off the humans, the Galactica assembles a 'rag tag' fleet of whatever they can find, and set out with the humans in a wagon train to rediscover the lost thirteenth tribe that supposedly settled on Earth.  I don't know if the new series will take that route.  Battlestar Galactica is one of many capital warships in the human fleet.  The show starts with the Galactica being decomissioned and transformed into an exhibit on the Cylon wars.  The Commander, Adama (played by Edward James Olmos) is a gruff old man, weary and ready to retire.  He has a son who flies a Viper fighter in the fleet, and another son who also flies a fighter but was killed.  Oh, and I don't agree with Steve that the Viper's are a 'rip-off' from Star Wars X-Wings.  About the only resemblence is in the fuselage, and to draw a comparison is like saying that all commercial airliners are copies because they all have wings.  Some things must be common.  I'm sure Steve will flame away, so by all means....  Anyway, Adama has a fear and loathing of computer technology.  I didn't catch this part, but I think he fears becoming vulnerable to machines.  I don't know if this had something to do with the Cylon wars or if he is just a Luddite.  Of course, it ends up being a powerful strength.  When the Cylons return, they are very adept at shutting down the human computer systems, rendering all the modern ships helpless in the face of the assault.  The Galactica still retains a lot of manual systems, which gives it an edge for the moment, at least until the Cylons adapt.  That is the general plot.  There are many little sub-plots and character threads through the two hours I saw.  There have been some notable changes.  Captain 'Apollo' Adama, the son of the Commander, is angry and bitter over his brother's death, and blames his father.  The character of 'Starbuck' is now a woman.  And 'Boomer', who used to be a black man, is now an asian woman.  Very little of the original character relationships remain, which is really a good thing because this seems so much better.  We don't see TV style emoting, where everyone is cool and collected.  The characters are scared out of their minds, and are doing the best they can under pressure.  I was pleased at the possibilities that remain should the series continue to run.  As for particulars.  The Cylons are still mechanical.  CGI, but very cool looking with the red oscillating light in their faceplate.  Yes, there is a hot female Cylon, but she is designed to infiltrate human society and get information, which dictates her form.  Yes, her spine did glow during sex, but I can forgive that.  We did not see much of the Cylon fleet yet, but what we did see is stylish, deadly and menacing.  Much better than the old style.  As for the attack on the humans, I have to say they did a great job by NOT showing many things.  In the original, we saw a Battlestar get blow to shreds, and some pathetic strafing runs of Cylon ships on the human cities.  Here, we get nuclear detonations aplenty.  There is a scene where Dr. Gaius Baltar (who is destined to throw his lot in with the Cylons as the ultimate Judas) in his house on the lake, far from the cities.  He is coming to the realization of what is happening.  As he talks to his house guest, great flashes of light begin punctuating the scene as distance weapons detonate.  The deep thumps of detonation rest beneath the dialogue, creating a tense atmosphere.  Later, we are looking down from orbit as the weapons continue to detonate.  It was chilling.    As for the rest of the battle, we don't see many minutes of redundant footage, showing small fighter action, or great burning Battlestars trying to gather their defenses.  Instead, we see flashes of destruction on the planet, and we see the crew of the Galactica gathering the news as they try to figure out how to convert a museum piece into a fighting ship.  The characterization is vital to the story, and the camera stayed with the characters as they tried to assimilate the end of the world.  Well done.  The fighting scenes that we did see were very well done.  One of my biggest beefs with Sci-Fi, and this includes Star Wars (which isn't Sci-Fi), lies in the way small ships fight: swooping and spinning like aerial dogfights.  Rubbish.  I was pleased to see the ships in Galactica act more like real spaceships.  They don't swoop and fly.  Every action is initiated by a thruster, and the little spurts of propellent really enhance the action.  I liked the little detail.  Also, the CGI camera work in the battles was very well done.  There are shots that almost look like they were filmed with a hand camera.  In one example, we see a profile of the Galactica, burning after an attack.  The camera shakes a bit and zooms in quickly, partially catching a Viper fighter in frame.  The frame moves as if someone is trying to center the shot, and we see the blurry Viper racing along the Galactica's flank.  The image looks smudged, just like you would see if you tried to watch a jet overhead through binoculars.  There are many shots like that, and they add a real sense of distance, scale and speed to the combat scenes.    And I liked the stylings of the uniforms.  They aren't flashy, but they have a ceremonial appearence to them.  Not the drap utilitarian unitards of Star Trek.  Really, they are more like the Imperial officer uniforms of Star Wars, but not a direct copy.  I've always been partial to the idea that space 'naval' officers should have more Victorian style uniforms, at least in the ceremonial appearance.  See 'A Mote in God's Eye' as a book reference of the type of navy I would like to see.  So overall, I was very impressed, and I need to watch it again with more focus, to be sure I got everything.  If this continues as a mini-series, I'll schedule around it, to be sure I can see it 'live' rather than taped.    If you have no memory of the original, or were too young, I don't recommend going out of your way to see it.  If you have the chance to watch this on Sci-Fi, take the time.  It will probably be re-broadcast a billion times in the next week since they sunk so much money into it.  It is nice to see some quality television.  In my view, 99% of Science Fiction on film or screen is utter Dreck.  True Sci-Fi has little to do with special effects or cool concepts all by themselves.  The heart of Science Fiction is man's reaction and adjustment to technology and change.  It is the focus on how man adjusts to knowledge, and how man remakes himself into something different.  Character is king in Sci-Fi, but far too many media people get hung up on splash and effect over character and development.  Witness the things such as the T2, which is not Sci-Fi so much as it is a simple action movie (very well done, yes, but not really science fiction in the strictist sense).  Or Star Wars, which is really Space Opera as the technology is a mere prop to the character story.  Don't get me wrong though, just because Star Wars is not really Sci-Fi, it is still a terrific story as it touches upon so many bedrock themes of literature.  I don't know if Galactica will stay true to Science Fiction, but it has the potential if it sticks to the characters as the focus.