         An interesting article on the Pfizer News Service this morning.  Probably only interesting to me, but here goes anyway.  WSJ:Cost Of Developing A New Drug Increases To About $1.7 Billion    By Peter Landers The Wall Street Journal, December 08, 2003  The amount of money that drug companies must spend to bring a single drug to market has risen to about $1.7 billion because of a higher percentage of failures during trials, according to a study by the consulting firm Bain & Co.  Many companies are living on borrowed time until their blockbuster patents run out, says the Bain study. It warns that big pharmaceutical companies may face the same fate as the steel industry in the 1970s unless they change their strategy of gambling on high-risk products.  The average investment required to get one drug approved by the Food and Drug Administration and marketed in the U.S. has risen to about $1.7 billion if one extrapolates from spending by drug companies on the various stages of research and development during the 2000-2002 period, according to the study. That's up from $1.1 billion from 1995-2000, when clinical trials cost less and drug companies were more productive in finding drugs.  A widely cited 2001 study by the Tufts Center for the Study of Drug Development put the cost of bringing a new drug to market at $802 million. Because of different methodology, the $1.7 billion figure can't be directly compared with the Tufts figure, said Preston Henske, a co-author of the Bain study. Among other things, the Bain study includes commercialization costs, such as preparing marketing materials, which weren't included in the Tufts study.  According to Bain's analysis, for every 13 drugs that start out in animal testing, only one now makes it to market. That figure is down from one in eight during the 1995-2000 period.  The Bain consultants say drug companies are earning only a 5% return on their investment in finding new drugs, below levels typically demanded by equities investors. Licensing products from other companies, which was a profitable strategy until recently, is now bringing only a 6% return on investment, they say. "The prices for that kind of deal have shot way up," Mr. Henske said.  Large drug companies have designed themselves around the promotion of blockbuster products for widespread ailments such as heartburn, high  cholesterol and depression. But many of those products are losing patent protection and being replaced by cheap generics.  The Bain study predicts that the companies won't abandon the blockbuster model easily, comparing the drug industry to the steel industry in the 1970s, which clung to aging plants and an expensive work force. In subsequent decades, many steel companies went bankrupt.  The Bain consultants recommend that companies focus on a few areas of strength rather than trying to cover all diseases and think about outsourcing more functions, such as manufacturing, even if that requires big layoffs. They also suggest that drug companies think about emulating International Business Machines Corp., the computer maker that reinvented itself in the 1990s as a more services-oriented organization.