          Thoughts on DVD Box Sets   This is from a bit of email going around talking about the recent crop of DVD box sets. As usual, the media companies put out many sets for DVDs for Xmas.  James bond collections-  Though the time wasted may be unfathomable to some, it has been accomplished by me. I have watched all Bond movies whithin the past year. Most with commentary tracks. Goldfinger reigns supreme, and the recent Bonds are feces except Goldeneye. From Russia With Love has the single best "real" fight ever. Bond has to fight the Spectre assassin, Grant, on the Orient Express. Looks great, as Bond barely wins. I don't know why, but the current crop of Bond movies just have no heart. They lack the special something that makes a Bond movie special. They're just paint-by-numbers attempts at prolonging the "franchise." Die Another Day is the worst Bond movie of all time. Worse even than Diamonds are Forever, which I detest. My reasons are many and vaired, but I have a feeling it is because this is he most 70's Bond of them all.  If I had to rank the Bonds, I would do so in this order:  1. Goldfinger 2. Moonraker 3. For Your Eyes Only (best babe) 4. From Russia With Love 5. The Spy Who Loved Me 6. Goldeneye 7. The Living Daylights 8. License to Kill 9. A View to a Kill 10. The Man With the Golden Gun 11. Octopussy 12 You Only Live Twice 13. Tomorrow Never Dies 14. Live and Let Die 15. Thunderball 16. On Her Majesty's Secret Service 17. The World is Not enough 18. Diamonds are Forever 19. Dr. No 20. Die Another Day  Admittedly, some of the middle selections are faily equal, but the top and bottom of the list are definite. If someone hasn't seen a Bond movie, Goldfinger or The Spy Who Loved Me might be the best inros. They contain nearly every element of Bond. The only problem with Goldfiner is Pussy Galore, a misnomer if there ever was one. She actually manages to make lesbians un-sexy! But other than that, the film is complete. I may have to waste more web space discussing each movie in turn. That might be fun (for me)!  It was a moment of insanity that caused me to buy the second wave of 2 boxes. Best Buy (satan) had this crazy $30 off if you bought 2 sets, and I had a 15% off DVDs coupon that neded to be used. To carp, the one with the 7 DVDs has no freaking English Subtitles on ANY of the DVDs! This must be because they rushed them out the door or something. An inexcusable omission! If I could, I would demand a refund. But because I could be a pirate and must be forced to eat the shit I purchased no matter the taste, I cannot get a refund. Yes, this does make me mentally unstable, but subtitles are a necessity! Think of how terrible it is to have a commentary track that drowns out the spoken dialogue of the movie, and no subtitle track to help out. That's the situation on these movies.   Besides this egregious omission, the movies are very well done on DVD, and you certainly get value for your money. Bond is a classic, and a part of the Western culture. The movies are progenitors of the modern action and adventure genres. Buy them if you are interested, but stay far away if the idea of Bond bores you.  The Star Trek boxen are for rich fools. $100 per season!? At least that is an improvement on their Original releases. 2 episodes per DVD!? $20 each? Insane. I watched a bit of DS9, and I enjoyed TNG when it was new, but both are utter shite compared with the Second Coming that is B5. Though I haven't seen the last season and a half of B5 yet...  SG1 is pretty good, it has some really interesting stories occasionally. The Stargaqte concept is perfect for TV, as the episodic nature can be utlilized by the conceit of visiting different worlds each week. It really does take what was good in the movie (not much, admittedly) and expand upon it. My mother was the one who actually got me interested. I don't particularly like the direction it has taken in recent years, but the first 4 seasons are pretty solid. The commentary on S3 and S4 are simply the best I have ever heard on any Sci-Fi. This one director is one of the funniest people I can think of. I'd love to know him in real life.  Don't forget the Simpsons DVD sets! I can't recommend them highly enough! Great extras. Futurama is required by all who would make claim to geekhood. It is the smartest comedy I have seen in a long, long while. It was indeed too good for network TV. Fox killed it by pre-empting it, showing it irregularly, and not putting it in a proper timeslot. That being directly following the Simpsons. Why Malcolm in the Middle is still around must remain a mystery. Perhaps the only explanation for that lies in the famous lack of good taste of the American public.  Indiana Jones Box Set. A fairly solid release, with subtitles! No director or cast commentary, but that's because Spielburg is a snobbish bastard who can rot in Hell for all I care! But I guess if he thinks his insight is worthless, who are we to ask for it? The transfers are well done here, and some work was done to remove poor special effects artifacts. A good deal for almost everyone, since these three movies appeal to the entire population of the USA. I have yet to meet someone who detests Indiana Jones.   Raiders is one of the 5 best movies ever, in my opinion. It is on my list of things that must be experienced by any person interested in friendship. Raiders is a part of me, as few films can be. I do not watch it much at all, but just as with Star Wars, it is because I do not have to. The memory is strong enough. Part of me bought the set just as nostalgia, to have some tangible link to my memory. At $45 for all 3 films it was a good deal. The bonus disc is nice, but not worth exitement.  Temple of Doom is an OK movie, and better than many would have you believe. While it is no Raiders, it is a solid tale of adventure and really stretches its Pg-13 rating with the Temple and its demonic inhabitants. This one gave me nightmares when I was a child.  The Last Crusade. I'm not sure what to think of it. While I know it was a crass attempt at money-making, I did enjoy it. Perhaps this is what franchise pictures should be like? Where we recieve what we expect and just a little more, while happily handing over money for the experience? While this movie isn't brilliant, it is probably better than Temple. It does seem a bit too playful and comical though. The villains are bufoonish, and the heroes become caricatures of themselves. It's a truly mixed experience for me.  As an aside, I have been spending far too much money on anime (Japanese animation) DVDs lately. If anyone actually reads this blog, and cares to learn about anime, please mail me.