          Some Comment From Mike on Rush   I think Rush is still the same person he always was. I do think the perception of his misdeeds will diminish him though. Even if he has done nothing more than acquire quantities of painkillers and withdraw large sums of cash from his bank, the accusations will hurt him.   Why is it that we require perfect exemplars of those who would forward some moral code? It seems to be an instinct, some sort of ingrained reaction. Why must the man follow the mission perfectly? Would we react the same if one of our enemies did the same things Rush is accused of doing? If Dean was revealed to have done the exact same thing, I honestly would say, "Figures." But when Rush does it I am appalled.  Personally, I see nothing wrong with Rush's actions. But many do, and it is this perception that hurts both Rush and his cause.   I don't think Rush is a hypocrite. He is misunderstood much of the time though. He admits to his wrongdoing, as he should have not succumbed to painkillers. But he chose to do so, and now he must deal with the consequences. This is in stark contrast to many on the Left, who only make excuses for bad behavior. It is never the fault of the one who does the deed, he is always somehow innocent. If Rush has broken the law, he must be punished. So what if the law is unjust? It is the law, and if we do not submit to the rule of law then why even have a society?  I wish that what people would take out of this is the realization that drugs should be legal. What Rush did is not wrong, but illegal. His "crime" was to put into his body something that other people say he shouldn't. How does that hurt anyone? Who is the victim here? Being offended by someone's behavior is not something to be made illegal. And yet we seek to do that all the time. I see no difference between Rush's behavior and that of a crack addict. Both are to be pitied, but not to be punished. Their "crimes" hurt no one but themselves. No one can own someone else's behavior! If we can tell adults what they can put in themselves, why not tell them where they can work? Who they can marry? What they can say? It is a slippery slope when you take away someone's rights.   Anyhow, to sum it up, Rush will be damaged forever by this, but mostly because people do not approve of his exercise of his freedom. He is not a hero, but a victim of an unjust law. He would suffer enough punishment without any legal repercussions added to them.