           Fanning Rwanda?s Genocide   Pay attention, because I'm going to come out in favor of advocating genocide.  Sound like fun?  Do you all remember the Rwanda situation back in 1997?  The slaughter of the Tutsi tribe while the world paid little attention?  Where was the UN?  Anyway, the UN International Court has convicted three media figures for 'hate speech', expanding the concept of hate speech to the level of a war crime.  Decisions like this are the very reasons why I think the UN is one of the greatest threats to our way of life.  We value our freedom as a God given right.  That extends to the freedom of associate, and the freedom to think or belief however we choose.  Those freedoms are sacred, and for a very good reason.  But there is a strong inclination on the Left to criminalize free thought.  We have 'hate crime' legislation here in the States, and it is my hope that someday these laws are struck down for the monstrosities that they are.  How can you make it a crime to think?  How can you demand that people think a certain way?  Fortunately, we at least have the comfort that the thought element of a hate crime can only be triggered in conjunction with a physical crime, but given the precedent of this UN ruling, that line will be crossed in a short time.  The very premise of a hate crime violates the equal protection clause of the Constitution.  Say that I am walking down the street with my Black, Gay, Cross Dressing Friend.  We'll call him Mike.  A truckload of rednecks pull up and proceed to beat us both senseless.  All the while, they are casting slurs upon Mike for being Black, Gay and wearing a dress.  Well, under the hate crime legislation, they now become eligible for a harsher sentence.  Meanwhile, I'm just a white guy who got beat up.  Mike has received an unequal amount of protection, and we have made a crime out of some person's opinion of Mike's status as a human being.  Rubbish.  The fictional Mike has no right to be loved by all, and he certainly has no right to exist free of hateful opinions.  But the moment someone harms him, then a crime has been committed, just as it has been committed against me.  We are equal human beings, and the very fact that we have been assaulted is reason enough for prosecution.  We have laws against harming people.  We do not need laws against harming minorities.  By making a crime of thought, we are removing the freedom of thought, and the freedom of association.  Tying this back in to Rwanda, these scumbags are being held accountable for words.  They have not been charged with hacking a random Tutsi to death, yet the UN is saying that they are responsible for the near genocide.  This is fatuous in many ways, one of which is the absolution of responsibility on the part of those that heeded these exhortations to slaughter the Tutsis.  Those wielding the machetes are the people who need to be held accountable.  While the men on the radio are indeed hatefull, evil men, it is not a crime to speak.  It is not a crime to express vile opinions.  The crimes lies with those that act.  I've heard the comparison to an officer ordering a soldier to commit a war crime.  I can't buy into that argument here.  An officer indeed has a moral responsibility for the actions of those under his command.  The leadership role establishes a cupability for whatever orders they issue.  While an SS officer may not pull the trigger, he is just as guilty as the soldier he commands.  These Rwanda media people are not leaders.  They do not have any moral responsibility for those that listen to them.  There is no bond between the populace and the media.  If the NYT advocated the slaughter of conservatives (not too much of a stretch), then those who act upon that advice cannot point to the NYT as the guilty party.  The very fact that the NYT is in favor of these convictions illustrates their agenda.  Quote -   Mr. Ngeze, Mr. Nahimana and Mr. Barayagwiza were not challenging government propaganda, exposing corruption or expanding political debate. They were organizing the brutal physical extermination of a whole people.   Me - So the NYT makes it clear.  So long as a media figure is focused on activities deemed worthy be the elitists, then they should be left alone.  Who has the arrogance to determine what forms of speech should be made criminal?  And where does it stop?  The term Hate Speech has already recently been attached to proposals to reform welfare, or to hold minorities to the same standards as the majority.  Do we really want to go down this road?  Genocide is an easy target to come out against.  It doesn't take much effort to convict these men for being bastards.  However, the easy path leads to an erosion of our rights and freedoms.  The UN has set a horrible example here, and it continues to illustrate why it is a terrible threat to our way of life.