           FOXNews.com - Politics - Report: Bush Wants Mission to the Moon   I am really conflicted on the moon proposal.    On one hand, I am an avid, rabid, hyper-advocate of space.  We must be there, and I want to see it in my lifetime for purely selfish reasons.  I can launch into long, tired prose about our destiny as explorers, and how it is in our nature to push against frontiers, but you all know this.  Our future is out there, and the sooner we embrace it, the better for all of us.  And they there are the practical consideration of the moon's resources.  Helium-3 is found in abudance there, while hardly any of it exists here.  1 kg of helium-3 burned with 0.67 kg of deuterium gives us about 19 megawatt-years of energy output.  Some He3 is available on Earth. It is a by-product of the maintenance of nuclear weapons, which would supply us with about 300 kg of He3 and could continue to produce about 15 kg per year. There is an estimated 1.1 million metric TONS of He3 on the moon, deposited over time by the solar wind.  It would take about 24 tons of He3 to power the US for one year.  You can imagine the energy supply if we could either ship it back, or set up reactors there and beam it back down.  These are not flights of Sci-Fi.  The concepts are eastablished and practical.  So there are good reasons to go back and stay.  I think it would be worth the money.  And of course, there is the rub.  The money.  I try real hard not to be a selective conservative.  If I'm going to embrace the philosophy, I need to be consistent.  Just because I believe in the space program, I shouldn't cast aside my aversion to government theft just to please me.  Is it the government's business to finance a space program?  Does that type of activity appear in the Constitution?  One could argue about the General Welfare clause, but that way leads to the tyranny we already have today.  That clause has been used to justify mandated speed limits, farm subsidies, FCC regulations, and just about everything else indicative of a repressive government.  Does the government have the right to take money from us to spend on space?  I'm not sure they do, but no other entity exists that could tackle the enterprise.  No one has the resources to make it happen.  After much thought, this is where I've ended up.  I think the government should offer to underwrite a good portion of the enterprise, but only through a consortium of the major aerospace companies.  Boeing, Lockheed and all the others should form a seperate 'moon company' to take on the project.  The governments roll will be as a coordinator of the activity.  They will provide grants, keep the project on mission, and clear the way of federal regulation and liability laws.  They would enable the company to persue the technology.  Also, the funds that are poured into the venture must be repaid through profits.  Meaning that the company will be given full ownership to whatever technology they develop, as well as full rights to the moons resources.  Complete privitazation of the venture.  Also, the company must be publically traded, so as to allow all people to get a piece of the action.  Under those terms, I think the venture satisfies my concerns.  In terms of technology, I would like to see us throw funds at the Space Elevator.  There is no better way to acheive cheap access to space, and again, the technology is not far out Sci-Fi.  The concept is proven, the materials exist.  The only questions left are in terms of construction.  It can be done.  And if you don't know what the space elevator is, google it.  So I am excited about the possibilty of having a serious, mission oriented space program once again.  Perhaps I can find a job helping out.  That would be one way to know that my work has a purpose.