         On Rush.  As I was asked by Steve to comment on Rush, here goes.  Let me start by covering what I've already said.  I'm profoundly disappointed in him.  Perhaps my original assessment was too harsh, but I certainly am disappointed in him for allowing this to continue for the length of time it has.  No, I don't understand addiction (unless you wish to count my addiction to pizza).  I can't fathom the destructive behavior.  But I recognize my inability to not understand.  For that reason, I am tempering my initial anger against him.  As Rumsfeld would say, my understanding of addiction is a known unknown - I know I don't get it, so I have to factor that in.  I would have preferred for him to come forward after a year or so and say "I have a problem and I'm going away to fix it".  That would have been inspiring.  But again, the nature of the addiction is to deny the problem.  Okay, I get that.  But it doesn't stop me from considering my preferred outcome.  As for Rush's position as an icon of a political movement - it has been damaged.  Those that hate him don't need this to hate him, and those that are blind with devotion will forgive him nearly anything.  My concern is with those in the middle that might consider him a credible source, but are too detached to pay close attention.  In the eyes of the middle, he is just another moralizing hypocrite.  While the comparison is far too extreme, it is akin to a pedophilia priest.  Do as I say.....  So for that, I am disappointed in him.  There is another can of worms lurking within the question of the criminality of drug use.  (And where did the expression 'can of worms' come from?  Were worms onced canned?  And opening it was a bad thing?)  We could spend hours on drug legalization.  Intellectually, I think drugs should be legal.  100% legal.  And with that legality comes responsibility.  Meaning that those that harm others, or harm themselves under the influence, should receive harsh justice.  That being said, emotionally, I have a hard time with the conept of legalization.  I acknowledge this as a weakness in my philosophy.  I believe that personal responsibility is the most crucial element of a free society.  Given that, I do not believe in limits to our behavior - that is to say limits imposed by government.  So long as I do not harm anyone else, I should be free to do as I please.  If I choose to coke up and sit in my own waste for days on end, that is my choice.  And with that choice, I must accept the possibility that I will end up living at the fringes of society, no home, no job, no friends.  Should I wish to sell a Kidney, than that is my right.  Should I wish to engage in prostitution, again, that is my right provided it is a transaction between willing parties.  However, I know that this is not the case in the world we inhabit.  Personal responsibility is dead.  Should we legalize drugs, and legions of youth end up coked up with no job skills and no future, do you really think that this 'compassionate' society will allow them to die?  Will we allow the drug fiend with no insurance to bleed to death when he wraps his car around a tree?  Will we give a 50 year sentence to a DUI who harms an innocent family?  We will bear this cost.  Some will argue that this cost is already being borne in the futile war on drugs.  I agree to some extent.  We are wasting billions on this war, but in my mind, that is preferable to allowing the free wrecking of lives, only to be faced with the inevitable hand out to those who embraced the drug life.  I may be wrong, and I'm sure some will want to argue with me.  But my intellectual stance on drugs must bow to the reality we face in a culture where responsibility is a lost concept.  If we could return that concept of responsibility, then I would be completely in favor of legalization, immediately.  That being said - Limbaugh.  Like it or not, laws might have been broken.  As Ann Coulter pointed out in a recent column, Conservatives have a fetish for following the law...even bad ones.  Rush must face the music.  If the investigation reveals violations of the criminal code, then he must stand trial and go through the process, whatever that might mean.  It pains me to say this, but it is the consequence of actions....Responsibility.  As much as I love him, I would expect him to accept whatever might come through a fair process.  I recently heard him on the radio for the first time since his return, and I have to say he sounds like a new man.  He sounded like he was enjoying the show, and it seems his life has improved.  I am happy for him, and I continue to wish him happiness.  But this isn't over until he winds his way through the process.  I hope he makes it, but whatever might come, he has to see it through.