           Wired News   Wired magazine has been one of the best finds I've discovered in quite some time.  12 issues for $10, and quality issues at that!  This particular month they have an article on outsourcing to India.  I expected a semi-Left slant on the article, as is usual for Wired, but they got it right.  They interview all of the Angry Americans, as well as the Indians that are now employed over there, and gave a pretty fair picture of what all of this really means.  The programmers sound pretty much like the angry auto union guy in 1980, railing against the Japanese, which to me is an indication that this is going to be just fine.  At one time, 80% of Americans worked in agriculture.  Today it is 3% and we still lead the world in output.  At one time, 60% of Americans worked in manufacturing.  Today it is 11% and we sill lead the world in output.  The only difference this time is that this cycle is occuring not over decades, but over the span of individuals careers.  That makes it seem more sudden and devestating.  During previous transitions, the drain occured through reduced hiring (mostly).  Today, it is through mass firings.  And I love how the Angry Americans seem to think that these jobs are American Jobs by divine right.  Or they think that capitalism can only occur in America.  Not long ago, we had to employ legions of secretaries, switchboard operators, typing pools and other clerical functions to see that everything got answered, typed, routed and scheduled.  New jobs came along and soaked up that slack labor.  It's the normal cycle.  They interviewed one state congresswoman who was a self proclaimed protectionist.  She said that the government had the mandate to stop the export of jobs.  In typical nanny state fashion, she said "As a parent, you take care of your children before you worry about the neighbors children."  I suppose she was trying to say that while India is uplifting themselves through the economic utilization of their labor pool, we still should 'take care' of our own first.  I won't bother going into the idea that somehow government has to babysit workers.  Finally, she was asked her position on the evolution of the economy.  The questioner pointed out that we went from agriculture to manufacturing, then manufacturing to knowledge.  In a breathtaking display of narrow thinking and lack of imagination, she said "I don't see where you can go from knowledge."  I guess we are at the final fronteir of employment.  Close the patent office, since there is nothing new left to invent.    Idiots.