           Testing Two Leaders: George Bush, in Denial   The NYT with the predictible Op-Ed on BUSH LIED.  I am so SICK of this crap!  David Kay comes back and says "There aren't any WMDs there now.  They are probably in another country.  Records have been trashed during the last days of the war."  But all the pinheads at the NYT heard was 'There aren't any WMDS in Iraq'.    Kay said some of the intelligence was bad.  Some of the treats were overstated, but Bush acted on the data given to him, and the course of events were reasonable based upon the intel.  But that doesn't mean anything to the NYT.  BUSH LIED!!!  NYT- "Iraq destroyed its weapons and weapons programs long ago under the pressure of the same United Nations inspectors that Mr. Bush and his aides vilified in the months leading up to the war. "  Me - Then why the hell didn't Saddam present the documents to prove this destruction?  The responsibility was his to prove it.  The UN Resolution demanded an accounting of all programs.  Saddam offered no accounting.  Even if he didn't have them, he was in breach.  That is justification enough.  NYT- "No matter how he and his aides try to change the subject to how tyrannical Saddam Hussein was, it was the presence of chemical, biological and nuclear weapons in Iraq that Mr. Bush gave as his justification for rushing into a war without real international backing."  Me- Now who's lying?  The WMD issue was NOT the sole justification for going to war.  Saddam was in violation of 14 UN resolutions.  He was in violation of the Cease Fire that paused the 91 War.  He was firing at our planes.  As Kay said, he was probably engaged in WMD programs, despite the lack of evidence.  Saddam had missiles that violated UN restrictions.  He had other prohibited weapons systems such as artillery.  What more do we need?  I am so fed up with the questioning the War.  I am fed up with the lack of common sense on the part of the Left.  Does anyone with an ounce of sanity really think that Saddam was not a threat to our interests?  Do you really think that Saddam would refuse to offer aid to those that wish to kill us?    The Left is slowing constructing a straight jacket for us, and they strive to make it nearly impossible to preserve our way of life in the future.  We aren't going to be able to strike until someone nukes us, or gasses us, or infects us, or simply blows us up with conventional explosives.  Then the cries will come about how Bush failed to protect us from the folly of the Left.  The only up side to this whole scenario is that maybe the NYT building will evaporate in the fireball.  Try to see the bright side.  Let's just pull our troops back, shut the borders, and stick our fingers in our ears while humming as loud as we can.  Yes, that is the answer to all of our ills.  Obviously we are too evil and corrupt to have a right of self-preservation.