         The Dennis Miller Show.  Did anyone other than Mark and I see this last night?  Thanks for calling and reminding me, Mark.  Overall, it wasn't too bad.  Like any first show, it was rocky at times and Miller seemed stiff, which he poked fun a couple of times.  Despite the lack of energy, I think it has some potential.  Ahnuld was the first guest, and I have to say he impressed me.  He sounded much more conservative than he did during his campaign, and he certainly seems to have a command of the issues.  I really expect him to be a Senator some day, since he can't hold any higher office in DC, and he seems to have the ambition for the national stage.  He could be an effective senator, and a good spokesperson for the GOP someday.  Provided he continues to be as conservative as he seemed last night.  The roundtable discussion was the best.  I always enjoy those parts of news shows.  Dennis had David Horowitz, an ex-radical from the 60s who converted to the True Path of conservatism.  Horowitz is an effective speaker and spends most of his time trying to speak at universities, inevitably clashing with the college left as they try to stifle his speeches.  Naomi Watts showed up in her standard feminist attire of a bright red dress.  I've heard of her, but never really heard her speak.  She spewed out the typical Leftist mantras, and you could practically label her statements before she uttered her third or fourth word (Standard 'for the chilrun' rant #2, Standard 'Bush Lied' rant #3 and so on).  Finally, there was David Frum, a former speech writer for GWB and the originator of the term Axis of Evil.  He was also touting a book on the Mideast written with Richard Pearle.  The only downside of the roundtable was Dennis.  He didn't jump in enough.  He seemed willing to let these three go at it.  That's fine to a point, but I watch to see Dennis skewer people and inject his own views (most of which I agree with).  He needs to interact more during this segment.  As it was, it just rehashed the same old arguments about BUSH LIED and we should spend money on the chilrun.  Frum and Horowitz fell into the old trap of trying to argue facts with Watts while she reverted to sound bites and tired old half truths.  She seemed smarmy and 'above it all' in her presentation, like she was trying to teach small children about how the world works.  Anyway, a good show and I'm going to watch it when I can.  CNBC at 9 PM, opposite Hannity and Colmes (which has never been a show I enjoyed).