Die, Lakers fans everywhere.  DIE.  Baaaaah.  *sulks*   mood:  still sick  listening to:  random weiss background music    --> Geometry Honors    class:  We had a fricking test today which I know I failed.  Gaaaah.    --> English 1 Honors    quote:   Caitlin:  So how many gay guys are there in X? Me:  *twitch*  Um.  Why does it matter?  Let's see...  Kamui has slash potential with every male except for Aoki and Saiki, Fuuma has slash potential with every male except Aoki, Keiichi, and Saiki... Caitlin:  Fine, how many normal people are there in X? Kristy:  X?  Normal? Me:  Um.  Sorata-- no, he's too obsessed with Arashi... Keiichi--NO, he's too.. genki.  Ummmm...   class:  "group work" on  All Quiet on the Western Front .  Lovely.  Simply lovely.    --> Geography/Nonwestern Cultures IB    class:  I hate this class.  Hate it.      -->  Fundamentals of Programming    class:  Boolean sucks.    -->  PE    class:  More shitty nation ball fun.  Sophomores won.    -->  Lunch   No anime club today, so I just wandered.  Yah.  No, actually, Sheila wanted to go to Christian Club, but thankfully she got sidetracked and we ended up next to Lewis' class.   I just did homework.  And listened to Weiss, because ASB was blasting the Spice Girls and I can't STAND them.  Better than going to Christian Club.  Vanessa would faint.  Or at least think I was on crack or something.      --> Latin    class:  Death to derivative fun day.  'Least we didn't have that.  We did, however, go to the library and so I had to wait for 20 minutes for that stupid idiotic computer to start up.    -->  Biology    quote:   Rishi:  Oh, oh, so WHO won yesterday? Me:  {sulk} Rishi:  The LAKERS! Me:  suck. Rishi:  It was SAD, how they DESTROYED the Mavericks... Me:  -_-"  The Lakers still got STEAMROLLERED last year. Rishi:  So?  The Mavs did too! Me:  They were better off than the Lakers!  Plus Nowitzki couldn't play because of the dumbass Spurs.  So THERE. Rishi:  It was just ONE player! Me:  Yah.  I'd like to see the Lakers win the shitty championships WITHOUT Shaq or Kobe, seeing as they lost WITH them!    class:  It was a LAB.  Labs must DIE.  Because Caitlin was in my GROUP.  And the stuff we were playing with was PINK.  I hate PINK.  Pink will DIE.