WARNING.  STRONG LANGUAGE.     Don't you love my eloquent beginning to this?  It's only this post that has questionable language, don't worry.  I'm more pissed off than I ever was ever before this entire fucking week and what just happened isn't making it any better.  So if you happen to be against people who cuss and against people who enjoy venting their anger out at others, back off.  Right now.  So why don't I just start with this morning?  To put it more bluntly, promotion practice?  If that wasn't the gayest thing I've ever done in my entire life, I don't know what is, because that was the most wasted couple of hours that I ever spent.  If I have to endure another fucking hour of sexual harrassment I will punch him in the face.  In fact, I nearly did today, but the fucking presence of a fucking teacher stopped me.   As I said before, you should seriously considering backing off if you haven't already.  The top part wasn't vulgar.  This one will be.  Really.  So I'm sitting next to this fucking bitch.. who's now deciding to interrogate all the fucking people around him asking if they have thongs.  And once he asks me this I just stare at him and ask him why he fucking thinks I would have a fucking thong.  His reponse is so absolutely and completely retarded that I nearly slap him in the face.  I just glared at him and looked away.  And then inside..   I won't even write what he fucking did because it might just blind you.  On second thought, do I really give a damn what you think?  No, I don't.  But I won't, for the sake of all the little children who decided to enter my blog.  Of course, that fucking warning should have warned you.  I swear I will print this out and show it to Ms. Bitch, who's currently ranting about being depressed.  Depressed my ass.. she's been laying on her fucking behind all week, doing nothing but enjoying her fucking self and buying skirts that would fucking look like trash on any fucking person unlucky enough to wear the fucking thing.  Oh yeah, and third period was a fucking math test.  It's the fucking third to last day of school.  Fuck you, Gus.  And then we have to watch the fucking gayest Disney movie ever made in history class.  With fucking Brer Rabbit and Uncle Remus, in other words, the fucking basis for that fucking Splash Mountain ride at Disneyland that took us so fucking long to get on.  And now every fucking eighth grader is at the fucking "dance" having the goddamned time of their lives while I'm fucking stuck here in a house filled with lunatics that ain't worth shitting on.