Today smelled worse than the guys in PE.  And my mom is being a royal pain in the ass.  I need someplace where I can rant and not be afraid of anyone getting mad at me.  In other words, I need a domain.  Badly.  But nooo.. if I get one, my dumbass mother is going to check it to see what I'm doing with the damn thing.  Maybe I should just write the thing in Latin, so she can't read it.   mood:   ticked  listening to:   The Real Folk Blues {Cowboy Bebop}     0.  Geometry.     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  4.  Quote:   Rasch: Okay, pass in the papers now. Zane:  {turns around}  Do you have your homework? ... ... Zane:  Hello?   What Happened:   All we freaking did was listen to Rasch drone on and on about proofs.  I don't give SHIT about them.  Now we have a damned quiz tomorrow, and I have to study.  I hate Geometry.  HATE it.  And yes, Zane was talking to me.  I did actually fall asleep.     1.  English.     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  7.  Quote:   Chris:  You have to be the old guy!  See, I'm gonna be the young kid who don't know anything, ya know?  See?  {waves mp3 player in air}  I'm gonna be like {nods ... *that* way}  Waasssssssup? Me:  This is World War I, not Rap 101, you idiot.   What Happened:   English wasn't that bad.  We had short periods (except p.3) today, so I didn't have to pretend to be a soldier.  Which was good, because I would have randomly dropped dead at the wrong time.  So damned TIRED.     2.  Nonwestern Cultures.     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  4.  Quote:   Farr:  So because the Israelis were starting to be faced with cruelty charges, they stopped shooting the Palestinians and started breaking their arms instead. Macky:  Like THAT'S any less cruel. Me:  {scribbles in notebook}  Palestinians...stone...Israeli..soldiers...who...attack...with..guns...but...stopped...and...decided...to...break...arms...instead....   What Happened:   NOTES.  ALL PERIOD.  About the Arab/Israel conflict.  You know, we've been doing these same notes since Monday.     Assembly.  Red Ribbon.    Damn, the band sucked.  They got a freaking band in here to perform screwed up anti-drug variations of 'popular songs.'  Ever heard 'Shake Ya Tailfeathers' warped into something that denounces drugs?  If not, thank your lucky stars.     3.  Fundamentals of Programming.     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  8.  Quote:   Kathy:  My files disappeared! Me:  What, did they self delete? Kathy: .....  they can do that?   What Happened:   Dude.  66 minutes of FoP.  And all we did was continue the test for the idiots who didn't finish it yesterday.  Well guess what?  I FINISHED IT YESTERDAY.  So I was hella bored the entire period.  I managed to finish geometry homework though.  That was a plus.  It's also the sole reason this stupid class gets a higher score than English did.     4.  PE.     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  5.  What Happened:  Tennis, tennis, tennis.  In scorching heat.  Not a good combination.  We played the same people we did yesterday.  Tennis rackets must die.     5.  Latin     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  3.  Quote:   Jessie:  We were ticking off the sub.  I felt so bad.  I think we should have gotten detention. Emily:  ... you WANT detention? Jessie:  No, I just think we DESERVE detention. Emily:  ... Dude, you're what's wrong with society.   What Happened:  We took a vocab quiz.  I swear I wasn't thinking.  Like, at all.  Look.  We had to write the Latin word "why."  I don't know WHAT the hell was going through my head, but instead of putting down 'cur' I wrote 'doushite.'  *bangs head on keyboard*  GAAAAAAAAH!  All this anime is going to my BRAIN!  @_@  The second I saw 'why' I thought 'doushite' instead of 'cur'!  AAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKK!     6.  Biology     On a scale of 1 to 10, this class was a  -2564522.  What Happened:  Ugh.  UGH.  Remember the test I took yesterday?  REMEMBER IT?  *fumes* Remember I said I FAILED?  Well, for the first damned time in my life,  I wasn't lying.  AT ALL.  Because I DID fail, even though she CURVED the damn test!  Seriously.  Out of a possible score of 64, yours truly somehow managed to screw it up and get a... *drumrollhighlighttoseedrumroll*   36 !  Aren't you PROUD of me?!    Kill me now.