Yay.  Platypus is here.  Platypus is here.  Platypus finished Platypus' homework.  That is why Platypus is here.  No, Platypus is not finished with Platypus' homework.  Platypus is here because she's being nice to Elfie.  Platypus try to follow Elfie pattern, but it not be work.  Besides, Platypus not speak Latin.  You have be forewarnnnned.  No, Platypus decided Platypus not want to.  Platypus decide Platypus need to pee.  Platypus be right back.  Platypus back.  OK, Platypus' day went like thisie:  Period 0 - Biology H:  Yay.  Cell Lab.  Onion cells and Elodea leaves.  Dammit.  I wanted to eat the onion.  People looked at me like me crazyful.  I love onions.  So sue me.   &lt;Stupid shameless little edit by Elfie ~ We did Elodea leaves and onion cells two weeks ago!  -_-  I made Caitlin do everything.  Except look through the microscope.  Because I didn't trust her.  ^_^&gt;   Period 1 - English 1 H:  My God, Dahlberg, the replacement teach, just made himself a roomful of enemies.  I have the only A in the class, and it's not even a solid A.  Apparently, if you get a 4, it's only a 95% because getting 100% would mean that you have a perfect paper, and he said it's so damn near impossible to turn in a perfect paper that he didn't expect any.  At all.  So we were like, "So you're saying it's pretty much impossible to write a perfect paper."  The dolt's reply:  "I never said that."  We're all doomed.  Period 2 - Ceramics:  Haha.  My hands were dead after that damn period.  Period 3 - Algebra 2 H:  Haha, all the sophs and juniors (we have a few, I think) hold me in high regard now.  They think I'm this super-smart crazy-ass freshie.  My God, it gets kind of cool after a while.  Period 4 - Drama:  Shit, you will not believe how funny this class is.  Unless, of course, you cheat and enroll.  Period 5 - World History H:  There goes the highest grade in the class......right to a 2%.  I don't even believe it.  Period 6 - Golf:  Yay.  We had a match today.  At 2:30 PM PST.  Hell, did they care it was 115° out there?  No, we had to play.  We won, but barely.  Shit.  I DIDN' MAKE THE COACH HATE ME TODAY!  *feels great*