I love school.  Almost as much as I love that accursed phone that sings "WE WILL WE WILL ROCK YOU" instead of ringing like every proper phone should.   mood:   peachy.  just peachy.  listening to:   Jeepstar {Weiss Kreuz} and Yasashii Yaoke {.hack//SIGN}   Period 0 - Geometry Honors:   I was late for class >.   Period 1 - English 1 Honors:    *pouts*  Ms. Lewis lied!  She said we weren't going to watch  Of Mice and Men  and we DID!  So I was forced to listen to people around me crack lame jokes as we watched the adventures of two moronic men.  Yaaay.   Period 2 - Non-western Cultures IB:   We did some crapping 'oil concession.'  I had to be a Middle Eastern country.  Joy to the world.  I HATE this class!  It's so stupid!  We sold 2 billion barrels of oil to Western Country #1.  Yaaay.  They got oil!   Period 3 - Fundamentals of Programming:   It was *yaaawwwnn*  in this class as usual.  Only I had to help.. three people... on those for loops because they didn't get it!  Anyhow, I was playing with if else and for loops and it was fun.  Really.  I'm starting to like C++.  I hate the class though.  And nobody made fun of Hiro Yuuki's voice today!  *claps*  O.o;;  Drew listened to my music and he didn't laugh at Hiro Yuuki!  Yay!  *pouts*  Kathy did though... ;_;  Whhy?  His voice is SO adorable!   Period 4 - PE:   A lap around the track and then me and Frances took turns whacking the tennis ball against a wall.  We both made it fly over the wall onto the tennis courts.  Whoop-sy.   Lunch - Key Club:   Death to KEY Club.  Death to their evil, evil pledge.  DEATH.   Period 5 - Latin:   Spent a great deal of time convincing Anthony that "avatar" was NOT derived from "avarus," Latin for "miser."  He STILL thinks it's derived from said Latin word.  Moron.  We were also making slave placards!  I got bored, and I needed two slave-girl placards, so I picked Vanessa and Hannah for names {HAH}.  Then for Hannah's skills, I put 'fights well and is smart.'  Or something utterly corny to that extent.  I also made them both Egyptian.  Yaaaay.   Period 6 - Biology:   We did a LAB!  Yep!  We poured hydrogen peroxide onto boiled liver, apple, onions, and potatoes.  We also poured it into liver, apple, onions, and potatoes soaked in hydrochloric acid.  And NaOH.  Whatever that is.