Derek Fisher?  Oh, the Lakers.  Pssssh.  And now, school again.  I hate school.  School is bad.  School is mean.  School is... yeah.   Period 0 - Geometry Honors:   This class is still a load of bull.  The teacher is, what, 55 years old?  And she thinks she's FUNNY.  HAAAAAH.  -_-  She put me to sleep four days in a row now.  Can you say HILARIOUS?  -_____________-"   Period 1 - English 1 Honors:   AAH.  We had to work in groups again and we had to PRESENT STUFF.  Dude.  I was going on about Candy's dog, and Lewis said something about their relationship and crap so I just randomly said "Like George and Lennie!"  and she thought I was a genius.  -_-   Period 2 - Nonwestern Cultures IB:   You do notice I spell the name of this class differently every day...?  Well, guess what?  I DON'T CARE.  We learned more shit about religions, which drove me insane.  I wanted to kill everyone that was Christian there because they were just.. GAAAAAAAH.  And we have to do a PEACE CONFERENCE.  Like I give a freaking hoot about the Palestinians and the Israelis.   Period 3 - Fundamentals of Programming:   Quizzie.  I hope I passed, because it would royally suck if I didn't.  I snuck in my CD player and was listening to  Stone Roses  after the quiz.  I don't think Goodman noticed.  Praise the Lord.  Or not.   Period 4 - PE:   We had a subby today, so we didn't have to run!  I was so happy!  And then it turns out I was jinxed or something, because every single time someone hit a tennis ball it managed to either (1) hit me or (2) come dangerously close to hitting me.  Frances hit me in the stomach.  It hurt.   Lunch - Meandering in the ICT Classroom:   Watching Catherine and Frances play around with wires and plugs and things I don't understand wasn't fun.  I felt like an idiot.  So I just stood there listening to Weiss.  Yaaay Weiss.   Period 5 - Latin:  I wanted to study for the freaking biology test, but we had to read about some slaves and then learn imperfect and perfect tenses.  Hella confusing when you're thinking about the endoplasmic system and plasmodemata crap at the same time.   Period 6 - Biology:   We took a 68 problem test.  I know I failed.  Once I got the test, I totally forgot what the hell a contracting vacuole was and what a damned centriole was.  It might have helped if I had remembered the difference between prokaryotic and eukaryotic cells too.  Daaaaaamn biology.     Platypus, written tests in  drama  are NOTHING compared to written tests in  PHYSICAL EDUCATION .  Yes, there are written tests in PE.  The horror of it all.