AIYAH, ELFIE, WTF HAPPENED TO THE PIC OF DEREK FISHER THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THERE?  Ggrrrrrrrr.   Oh well.  Since he did so great yesterday when he started the game last night at 11, I'll be oh so nice and forgiving.  *big grin*  ANYHOO.....................................as Elfie put it, for SCHOOL!  Period 0 - Biology H:  Tell me.  What in the name of hell could possibly be more boring than listening to a 60-year-old man talking about sugars at 7:00 in the morning?  Hell, makes me want to suicide, knowing that I could be at home rather than listening to warped versions of " La Cockroach ."  Period 1 - English 1 H: I had to read my stupid essay.  In front of the class.  Hell.  Period 2 - Ceramic:  I'm seriously going to fail this damn class.  Good thing is, everyone else fail, too.  That makes me in the possession of one ot the highest grades out of the three classes!  Anyone bother to contradict me, screw you.  You go away.  Go to Hell.  It's my birthday, and I AM GOD.  I get to decide.  Oh yes.  *nodnod*  There, Elfie, aren't you happy?  God is on YOUR side.  God is an atheist.  What in the mother f***?????????  Period 3 - Algrbra 2 H:  Haha, everyone had to sing happy birthday to me!  Then Nicholson asked how old I was, and I said, "Fourteen."  And then the class was like, "OMG, you're so young......"  Dammit.  Logic's even more warped than mine.  Now that's a sad story.  Period 4 - Introduction to Drama:  Yay.  We have a written test on Friday.  A written test.  In drama, I ask you.  Period 5 - World History H:  Yay.  History Day.  Go screw yourself.  Period 6 - Golf:  Wow.  We went and played, and all the freshmen were in my group.  It was fun.  We all knew each other completely, so we just screwed around.  The teach wasn't with us, so we were f***ing around.  It was fun.  We realized that the only club you really needed to play was a driver; you could tee-off, use it as an iron, use it as a wedge, and use it as a putter.  We planned to use the putter to tee-off on the 7th hole since it was a short par 3, but the teach camed along and we was forced to stop and actually PLAY.  The horror.  Then, after we were done and waiting for our mommies and daddies to come get us, I sprayed Tiff with water.  She screamed and was like, "Shit, Jess, I can't get you back because it's your birthday."  I was like, "Hell yeah!" and sprayed her again.  One of the upperclass girls, a junior, thoguht it was funny.  So she gave Tiff her water bottle, which was full, and told Tiff to use it.  Tiff was like, "I can't."  So Kathy, the girl, did it for her.  Then Kelly, a soph, did it.  It was so funny....because all the members of the team think I'm hilariously and hopelessly funny...the coach was laughing so hard...and he's like 60.    Whatever.  Gots to do homework, and finsih before 9.  Lakers game on!  My god.  I have to do homework on my BIRTHDAY.  What the hell is up with that?  *innocent grin*