HEY......MY BIRTHDAY'S COMING, TOO, YOU UNFRIENDLY LITTLE POOPHEAD!  Hahaha.  I was supposed to blog yesterday, so just pretend that this is yesterday's post.  Completely disregard the date.   Period 0 - Biology Honors:   This is stupid.  Adams is stupid.  Let's just leave it at that.  What fun.  I hate his class.  It's at 6:50 in the goddamn morning.  Do they seriously think someone can survive his class then?   Period 1 - English 1 Honors:   Haha.  This was actually fun.  We took an open-book quiz on The Giver.  So that one guy I was talking about sometime like a week or so ago who was the king in our French Revolution thing?  He got the last question wrong.  It asked, " What happened to Jonas and Gabe at the end of the story?"  He wrote they died.  Consequently, he got it wrong.  Haha.  What a loser.  So after the tests were graded, he got his back and he got a 19/20.  Then he saw what he got wrong and positively exploded.  Holy cow, that was funniful.  That answer was that Jonas and Gabe made it to Elsewhere.  He was like, "The book never stated he got to Elsewhere.  It didn't say he survived."  So then he picks a paragraph to back up his statement.  And take a guess at which paragraph the idiot chose.  This is what he read, the idiot: "Downward, downward, faster and faster.  Suddenly he was aware with certainty and joy that below, ahead, they were waiting for him; and that they were waiting, too, for the baby.  For the first time, he heard somethign that he knew to be music.  He heard people singing."  After that, he was like, "Where in that does it state that he made it to Elsewhere?"  The whole class was like, "YOU JUST READ IT, DUMBASS!" though not in those exact words.  My God, and he still as like, "Yes, but it doesn't say he made it to Elsewhere."  See, now I was pissed, and I was like, "OK, the book says that Elsewhere lay beyond, right?  At the bottom of the hill?"  And he was like, "Yeah."  So then I completely exploded and told him, "He's going down the hill on the sled, correct?  Therefore, gravity assures us that, dead or alive, Jonas and Gabe made it to Elsewhere."  Then the whole class laughed and then they were like, "Haha, Joseph, you got beat by a girl."  It was even funnier since he thought he was the best debator on the planet and he let everyone know about it.  And he still didn't give up!  My God!  He was like, "Yeah, but it never specifices whether or not he died, so my answer shoudl be correct!"  I was like, "Open your eyes, idiot.  The question asked for facts, not for your stupid, proofless opinion."  My God, I almost started up on my interpretation-opinion rant.  My God.  That would've taken hours.  Wow.  That was fun.  Next period sucked.   Period 2 - Cermaics:  This is stupid.  I'm failing this class.   Period 3 - Algebra 2 Honors:  This is stupid.  I'm failing this class, too.   Period 4 - Drama:  At least in this class I can do stupid stuff and get rewarded....   Period 5 - World History Honors : What fun.  The idiot is in this class.  He kept looking at me and mouthing, "They died."  I was like, "Does it look like I give a shit?"   Period 6 - Athletics:   I had the day off.  Fun.   I walked to Chinese School after I got home.  It was fun.  Tuna Fish bought me an ice cream for my birthday, which is more than anyone's done so far.......