My father doesn't think very highly of me.  On the way back from piano lessons, he was teaching me how to avoid the cops.   Mood:   Offended  Listening to:   Weiss, Midorikawa Hikaru, and Toshihiko Seki   Period 0 - Geometry Honors:  Wow.  This is the hardest class I have!  The concepts are totally difficult to grasp.  I mean, seriously, today, we learned this uber-hard theorem.  This is how it goes:  "The sum of the measures of the angles of a triangle is 180."   -______-  *dripping sarcasm*  Oh wow, this is totally rocket science.   Period 1 - English 1 Honors:  We took a lovely little etymologies quiz that I'm quite sure I failed.  Not like that's anything new.  Then we looked at quotes from Steinbeck's  Of Mice and Men  and analyzed them.  Fun.   Period 2 - Geography/Non Western Cultures IB:   This was annoying.  One of my only IB classes is also the dumbest.  All we did was go to the library for (get this)  "Freshman Library Orientation."   Librarian:  All righty folks, this is how you access the Internet from the library.  You open the laptop, sign in, and double click the icon that says  Internet Explorer .  THEN, to go to the library homepage you must type in "http://www.troyhigh.com/resources/library/library.htm."   Me (in head): All right, Mrs. Librarian, that's lovely, but why couldn't you have made the "library.htm" to "index.htm" so that all you'd have to do is type in http://www.troyhigh.com/resources/library"?   Period 3 - Fundamentals of Programming (Tech):   HAHAAAAH.  This is supposed to be a class exclusive to the Troy Tech magnet program.  What a waste of time.  All you do is learn to program in C++.  Fun fun fun.  We did if and else statements today.  We also did some computer competency crap on Microsoft Access.  It was BO-RING.   Period 4 - PE:   Ack!  We had to run the Warrior Loop today.  For some reason, it was a lot easier than four weeks ago.  I also somehow improved my time by a minute.  o.O;;;  Maybe PE is actually keeping me in shape.  Boy, this is new.   Period 5 - Latin I:   Eh-heh.  WHAT I LEARNED IN LATIN CLASS:  In Ancient Rome, they had these neat little things called  Roman orgies .  We watched a movie.  It showed what happened in the Roman orgies.  Dude, not even that Aya x Omi layout prepared me for  that ...   Period 6 - Biology IB:   Oh the horror.  We did a lab and looked at pond scum through a microscope.  There was this little red worm-like thing that someone called a paramecium.  I didn't care.  I screamed anyway. After class, the teacher fed her snake.  I pitied the food - it was two adorable little mousies!  I wanted to save them, but Tom Riddle ate them.  I hate Harry Potter.  Oh goodie.  Yesterday my Internet broke.  Platypus knows about it; ask her.  And by the way,   HAPPY LATE 13TH BIRTHDAY, VANESSA!   Not like you're reading this.