Oh dear, I haven't been here for a while.  O.o;;; I'd wanted to create a layout and FTP it to S-A.net, but I haven't had the time.  Anyhow, back to my silly blog format.   Mood:  DROP DEAD TIRED.  Music:  "Saigo no Bansan" by Wei&szlig;  Random Thought:  Onions smell bad.  Currently:  Killing my eyes over this shitty, shitty monitor.  Currently @:  Vanessa's house; still haven't slept for a freaking minute.  AND THE NOSLEEPOVER CONTINUES... full force.  Well, not really.  We've run out of anime to watch; having seen  Inuyasha ,  Serial Experiments Lain ,  Wei&szlig; Kreuz ,  Wei&szlig; Kreuz Gl&uuml;hen ,  Yuugiou ,  X , and  Treasure Planet .  Okay, so  Treasure Planet  isn't anime, but it's got the most gorgeous animation in the universe.  Because it's Disney.  And Disney rocks my socks.  Which are, coincidentally, really dirty.  I should have worn those spiffy new Costco ones that my mom bought a few days ago.  Oh well.  Anyhow, a paragraph dedicated to the latest week of school.  In a nutshell, it sucked bilgewater.  Wednesday: five freaking tests.  Geometry, English, Programming, Latin, and Biology.  And out of all of those, I know, I just KNOW, that the only one I came even close to passing was Programming.  So, back to the nosleepover.  Hannah brought her shinai, kendo uniform, temperpedic pillow, and pizza pillow.  The second she got to Vanessa's house, she went to the bathroom and changed into her kendo uniform, then proceeded to [sort of] attack the wall with the shinai.  She says that it's in bad condition.  And for that, I am GLAD.  Yes, I am.  Spent a lot of time squealing over Gl&uuml;hen Ran.  He's just.. so.. gorgeous and.. so.. so.. [swoons and faints]  [starry eyes]    Anyhow, also read a bit of  Gravitation ,  Saiyuki ,  DN Angel ,  Yuugiou , and just in case you were wondering, we did NOT read the remix!  [dies]  Had a very long conversation on  Boku no Sexual Harrassment  and the CORN.  With mashed potatoes.  And, um, butter.  Dude, I will never look at corn the same way again.  Oh, and this morning, at breakfast, Hannah decided to read the ingredients to cookies and found.. um.. rape seed extract.  I really don't want to know what that is... [hides behind a chair]  ...    ...   Okay, that's all.