People reeeeeeaaaaaaally suck.  XD  But some people rock.  [pats people that rock]   Mood:  Tired  Music:  "Perfect Stranger" by Weiß  Random Thought:  Ouch.  Currently:  Sulking.   Period 0 - Geometry Honors  Soo boring.  Learning that triangle's angles add up to 180 degrees is not my idea of high school math.  Bring the pitchforks!   Period 1 - English 1 Honors  Well, aside from the etymologies quiz which I failed, this was fun.  Yeah.  If sitting there getting plummeted with 'Will you be my FRIEND?' just because I got a freaking 92/100 on the essay is fun.  Surrounded by Koreans... speaking Korean.. gah.   Period 2 - NWC  Oy, this class was awesome.  Groups again, and Caitlin decided to flip her desk around and sit with US!  [dripping sarcasm] She was so INTERESTING!  [stiill dripping sarcasm]  Anyhow, when she flipped it around, Rachel started drawing ways to kill Caitlin (dagger, shot, gun, boxing glove, butcher knife, shoe bomb, crane w/ 100,000 lb. iron ball, strangulation, chainsaw, axe, saw, guillotine, hanging, voodoo doll, torpedo, grim reaper, flamethrower, bomb, scissors, drawing and quartering, pitchforks, electric chair, arsenic, boiling water, sharp objects, running over with a tractor (we were talking about Russian tractors in class), bow and arrow...).   Caitlin saw, and she started laughing (hahaha) and then suggested meat grinder.  She didn't realize she was... um.. helping us brainstorm ways to kill her.  So we started laughing.  And stayed laughing until the end of class.   Period 3 - FOP  Okay.  If you're reading this, [insert name here because I have NO CLUE what your name is] I DO NOT WANT TO TALK TO YOU.  STOP.  STANDING.  THERE.  Look, I don't know what your problem is, but you need to stop bothering me.  Right now.  I'm serious.  Any person with an OUNCE more brain cells than you have would have gotten the point by now, but I guess you haven't.  LEAVE ME ALONE.   Period 4 - PE  AAAARGGGGGGGGHHHH.  FUN FITNESS FRIDAY MY ASS.     5 4-count jumping jacks  5 4-count jumping jacks  10 pushups  25 crunches  10 pushups  25 crunches  3 sets of leg lifts  Sprints  Bizarre jumping exercises that was basically jumping rope.. w/out the rope  Laps around the gym    Sounds easy, but it's not.  And I ditched NJROTC for this.  Oy.   Period 5 - Latin  Boring.  Staring at naked men taking baths.  Eck.   Period 6 - Biology  More chainsaw fun.... but a lot of crap on meiosis and mitosis....