Aiyah.....me ass still hurts.  Anyhoo.  I think I'll copy Elfie!  Mood: Happy  Music: Um....does Laker music count?  Well, technically, it's Knick music.  But the Knicks are down by like 18, so f*** that. Random Thought: Why don't people sell Peter Pan in a respectable manner?  Like in a STORE?  Damn.  It's Poo Poo's birthday today....I gotta get it before Saturday.  Currently: Wathing Basketball.  Derek Fisher just made one from downtown.  XD   High: I ditched practiced early..... Low: to go see the orthodontist.  Period 0 - Biology H  We....talked.  About C4 and CAM pathways.  It Elfie had TALKED to me yesterday, it would've been easy.  But no.  Why make it easy for Platypus?  Period 1 - English 1 H  Interviews.  Shit.  Period 2 - Ceramics Yuck.  I gotta finish this shit.  And my mask broke right down the middle.  Period 3 - Algebra 2 H:  Hell yeah!  My group found BOTH the convex solutions.  You wouldn't believe HOW MANY clues I gave the chicken....she still don't get it.  My God.  I was like, "Shit, how f***ing dumb are you?"  But of course, we all know the answer.  I also found the pattern, so now my group can find infinetly many solutions!  I get extra credit!  Whoo-hoo!  Period 4 - Drama  We played Guesstures!  It's like Cherades!  Um....we were "BIG Bottom."  The other team was, "Cotton Gum."  There was one period called the "Carpet Fuzz."  Where the hell do they get this..........?   Period 5 - World History H  We prepared for the debate!  We better kick ass.........  Period 6 - Basketball Fun.  I ditched early.  Stef and I wore our jerseys inside out and backwards.  It was fun.  9 of the people came up and told me that it was backwards.  xDDDDDDDDD  Afterschool  I went to the ortho, and the stupid thing in my mouth was dug into my gum.  Seriously, I think my ortho thinks everyone's a wuss.  But shit, when they took it out, it hurt like a mother.  She took out one side first, which forced the top part deeper into my gum.....shit.  It hurt.  By the way, Elfie, yes, your score was pathetic.  xDDDD