Talkative people irk me.  Actually, let's rephrase this.  Talkative  blabbermouths  irk me.  And I have yet to answer my e-mail.  That wasn't very coherent.   Mood:   Full ^^;;  Music:  "House of Love" by Takehito Koyasu  Random Thought:  People are   hypocrites .  Currently:  Wondering what has happened to humanity   High:   I got e-mail!  XD    Low:   My dad bought me a dung-green jacket and expects me to wear it.  Oy.  Random Quote (Today in Bio):   Jason:   What are you?  Rachel:  ... Chinese.  Jason:  Wo ai nee!  [ "I love you" in Chinese; Jason was saying it to everybody]  Rachel:   That's nice.  Jason:   Ey, Charlotte!  Me:  [blinks]  Eeeeh?  Jason:  What nationality are you?  Me:  .. why?  Jason:  Just tell me!  An:  Don't tell!  Me:  Oh wait, did you say nationality?  Jason:  Yeah.  Me:  American.  People were laughing and he was cursing.  Shit, that was fun.    Period 0 - Geometry H  We got our tests back!  I was so damn surprised with my B, seeing as I left two proofs blank...  ^^;;;     Period 1 - English 1 H  Failed today's reading check quiz.  It's not  my  fault I don't pay attention to little details!  Geez, you'd think I'd learn by now, after having Gus for a tutor for.. three years?  I'm such an idiot, no?   Period 2 - NWC  Can class get more boring than this?  An entire period of notes, plus Farr laughing at herself at random intervals.  Can you say boring?  Most interesting part of class was when Dionne sent me her little note thingeh.  I'd scan it, but I'm afraid to expose her identity even more [coughs].  It basically consisted of lots of Ran-bashing and Kenshin-worshipping.  Why am I not surprised?  Meh.  Silly Kenshin fangirls.     Period 3 - FOP  [rolls over and plays dead]  We have a test tomorrow.  More Ranbashing.  BAAAAH.  Apparently she doesn't like Takehito Koyasu much either.  See, if she'd seen his teeth, I wouldn't blame her, but I've never showed them to her.  Ya think maybe I should?   Period 4 - PE  Football.  Our team is so bad it's funny.  Heh.   Lunch @ The Wishing Well  You know, the wishing well.  That dejected little pond in the corner of the 300 building.  Anyhow, me, Frances, Veronica, Erica, and An (and Brian.. and Sylvia... and David.. in a sense) were there.    Spent the entire lunch hour laughing our asses off, which wasn't the greatest preparation for fifth period in the world.  Blah.   Period 5 - Latin  Latin was hilarious.  We had a substitute so everyone was fooling around.  Heaven started playing "Me Against the Music," which made me gag, so I took out my CD player and Wood didn't notice.  Mwahaha.  I made Jessie listen to "The Road" and "Velvet Underworld," and she said Wei&szlig; just sounded like a random boy band.  Oy.  And then she made fun of J-pop.  Frikkin emo fans.  Screw emo.  Though she owns a Hikaru Utada CD.  Oy.   Period 6 - Biology H/IB  Another substitute!  Oy... class was so boring.  But it was fun.  Sorta.  In a sense.  Hah.  See quote above for details.  XD   Afterschool...  I found   thehatelistings.org  and was simply appalled at what I found.  I cannot believe anyone can be so devastatingly hypocritical as to start a  hatelisting  to something.  There was only  one  I identified with:  Ja Rule's hatelisting.  Because that object is the absolute worst example of an ithinki'mmakingmusicbuti'mreallynot artist.    Hell, everything's got a hatelisting.  Mazaki Anzu from Yuugiou, for one.  I don't  like  her, but I wouldn't join a  hatelisting  to her!  God.  And Yuuki Miaka from Fushigi Yuugi.  The  hell ?  You hate Miaka, you might as well hate the freaking series!  Get a grip!