WEee.. I'm going to blog for the entire weekend right now, and then I'll go do theory.  Fuck you, CM.   Mood:  Still pissed  Music:  "Instant Karma" by Weiss Kreuz  Random Thought:  I hate teenagers.  Currently:  Fuming and looking at boring anime sites   High:  I'm still wearing my pajamas.  XDDD  Low:  My mom is a bitch.    SATURDAY:     Morning:  I woke up at 10:30 because of the damned sun.  T_T  I hate sunlight.  Die, sunlight, die.  Then I spent the rest of the morning making link buttons.  {points at   Tiny Tenshi linkage section  } See?   Afternoon:   I had to go to choir.  Stupid idiot in charge said he'd have their website up in a month when it was still September.  I still get a freaking DNS server error whenever I try going there.  Just freaking let ME do the site and you'll have the damned thing up in two days, you moron!   Night:  After choir, me and Jessica had to go to this big-ass house in Arcadia or something like that.  It was huge.  I thought Vanessa's house was big, but NOO, this whopper was twice her house's size.  T_T I am so serious.  It looked like   Dickinson College's  freaking library.  Only her doors were bigger than the college's.  For Christ's sake, the driveway had SPEED BUMPS.  Spent a lot of time there (well, not really-- four hours).  Read   The Best Page in the Universe  for an hour (that site is so damned entertaining), then me, Jessica Y, and Jessica F went upstairs and watched  Akira .  It was awesome.  Then after  Akira  we watched  Weiss Kreuz  because Jessica wanted to.  ^.^;;  We watched up to Ken vs. Kase, then I had to leave.  They were making fun of the animation.  XDDDD    SUNDAY:     Morning:  Woke up @ 6, but didn't actually climb out of bed until 8 or so.  Was lying there trying to make myself believe I was still back at  CTY.  X_X Pathetic, no?  Then I got up and.. was basically on the computer until.. now.  2:00 PM.  HAHAHA.  -.-"  Theory now.  Why the hell am I still taking piano?  Everyone else QUIT!  { destroys the CM } Die, die die die... Waste of $35. T_T  Just imagine.  When I get up to Level X (Gotta pass this time's Level IX first.. -.-), it'll be 41 wasted dollars.  Joy.