Cat in the hat?  This girl in my class has Paul Frank ones.  She was wearing them on Halloween and showing them to everyone.  Do you have any idea how disgusting that is?  You just DON'T go around showing people your boxers!  In other random news, my domain works and so I'm working on a layout for it.  It's LotR.  I haven't thought about LotR for a while and I miss it.  I really need to cool down off this anime thing so I can properly go insane on November 28th.    Let me guess.  Chicken bragged and said "Oh my god!  I beat you?!  REALLY?!"    *scowls*  Her and her stupid, stupid superiority complex problems.    And speaking of problems, my dad has issues.  He was screaming at me today about being more "considerate" and to stop walking around with a "long face."  Hahahaha.  One of my pet peeves (my biggest pet peeve, in fact) is a freaking hypocritical eat-your-own-words idiot.  And guess what my dad is.  He tells me to walk around happy.  The HELL?  You think HE walks around happy and smiling?  Shit no!  He's one of THE WORST people at hiding feelings.  Ever.  And he's telling ME to do it, and that life has been too SIMPLE for me.  Simple.  Ha.  My life is anything  but  simple.  He doesn't realize (he doesn't fucking KNOW me) that I'm clinically depressed and have been for quite some time.  I'm stressed, I can't stand my life, but I'm not suicidal.  I'm homicidal.  I get these strange urges to kill people.  I dream about stinking knives through people.  I start staring at someone in class and thinking about how they would look like with a rope around their neck.  Does that scare you?  Well, hell, it scares me.  Which is why I'm going to lay off the assassin killing bloody gory anime for a while.  Time to soak myself in happy YuGiOh land.  Er, anime that is.  The manga's gory.     But don't worry.  I won't dream about killing you unless you piss me off... a lot.  Like, a lot a lot.   Bio test today.  I think I failed.  The history test was so damned easy.    Presentation tomorrow.  Gotta finish.