I'm so bored.....just got back from the SOC Christmas party thing....I DIDN'T LIKE THE SEATING ARRANGEMENTS AT ALL!  Jesus Christ.  I sat across from Daphne AND Stacey!  Jesus.  Michelle and I were there first.  So Michelle comes to the first chair available and just sits.  Right in the middle of the table.  STacey comes and sits right across from me!  JESUS CHRIST!  That food was shit!  The turkey was all salty and shit.  I was telling Daphne, "This is like fish!  YOu touch it with the knife and it crumbles like fishie."  So Daphne's all like, "Yeah."  Soon as that happens, this waiter shows up behind me and goes, "Would you like more sprite?"  SO Daphne and I were just like, "Oh shit...."  Haha.  We played the stealing game with presents.  Basically, everyone gets a number and then number 1 gets to pick a gift from the big pile.  Number 1 opens it, and then number 2 gets to decide whether they want to steal it or pick another gift.  Shit, everything was like lotion and stuffs.  NOBODY STOLE ANYTHING!  Stacey was like, "You dorks!  You're supposed to steal things!  That's why it's called the Stealing Game."  So I was like, "OK, shit,  I'm going to steal something."  And I'm all doing my trash-talking that they're all used to.  Until, of course, the person before me gets LOTION and PERFUME.  So I'm just like, "Oh shit, I don't want that."  So then they all razz on for a while.  I get some stationary thing.  Haha.  Mommy bought an Old Navy sweatshirt thing.  It was the right size for anyone but Laura.  WHo picks it?  Laura does.  Haha.  It gets stolen for a little while.  Overall, it was okay.  THen we played a game with money.  HOLY SHIT DAPHNE WON.  Haha.  She was all happy.  She won $24.  She was all like, "That's my McDonald's lunch money for the next two weeks."  She works at WalMart.  THere's a McDonald's in there.  Haha.  Shit.  I have a game tomorrow at 9:00 A.M.  Good night.  Oh shit.  Speaking of games.  Saturday.  See, our team is used to killing teams.  We got killed, to put it short, and rather nicely.  They had this one player.  Shit, she had MAD hops.  SHe had MAD handles.  Jesus.  Before the game, the coaches were like, "Their point can't dribble.  Pop the ball every time."  So we go out there, and we're like, "Um.....coach?  I think she can dribble."  Seriously, she had Daphne handles.  CRAZY ASS.  But they cheated.  She's varsity.  If they have to cheat to win a  JV  tournament.....psh.  Night.