MY LIFE SUCKS.    Geez.........I thought I couldn't spell.  Psh.  Yeah.  Just got home from the hospital, gots to stay home tomorrow....I think.  Blah.  OK....for those of you who care.  DON'T EVER LET YOURSELF GET DRAGGD AWAY FROM A ROW 16 VIEW OF A DAMN LAKERS GAME THAT THEY WIN BY 2 POINTS IN THE LAST POSSESSION.  IF THE SURGERY DON'T KILL YOU, THE FRUSTRATION WILL.  OK.  Here we go.  OK.  So it's Sunday night and my dad and I are walking into Staples Center for the game against the Jazz.  Chrsitina rings up my phone, and I talk to her for a lil bit.  Then we find our seats and sit and watch the game.  ROW 16.  YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW DAMN CLOSE THAT IS?  Whatever.  Halftime, we walk around for a bit.  Third quarter.  About 5 minutes left.  Stomach starts to hurt like a motha.  So now Jessica's all PISSED OFF.  I WANTED TO WATCH THE DAMN GAME!  *roar*  So anyhoo, I start shaking like hell, and, according to my dad, I turn all pale and shit.  OK.  So now Jessica's like REALLY REALLY pissed.  Dad makes us leave for the ER. Gosh darn.  I'm shaking like hell, and the Lakers are up by 17.  So we figure, "Aw, what the hell, they're going to blow the Jazz out anyways."  God damn, we were wrong.  Anyhow.  We get to the nearest hopital   and I check into the E.R.  They're just like, "OK."  Then we register and sit in the waiting room for three hours.  No shit.  We seriously sit there.  For three goddamn hours.  I've all bent over clutching my stomach andl, no offense to anyone, but there were all these black people there who were just THERE.  I didn't even see wtf they were doing in the goddamned emergency room. So I finally get checked into a room, and I'm there for another hour or so.  I get a nice little hospital wristband, too.  I'm still wearing it.  Then they tell me they want a damned urine sample.  So I'm just sitting there and I have no goddamn trace of an idea as to how the freak I'm going to get my facking piss in that little container.  Anyway, just know that I did.  Then they tooked a damned blood test.  The needle was crapa thick!  Oh my goshies.  It was in my arm until the hour of my discharge.  Stupid people.  They hook it up to an IV.  Then they decide the stupid urine sample was illegitimate, because apparently it don't work if you're on your period...*ROAR*  So they did it another way.  OMFG.  You don't wanna know.  Seriously.  Just......believe me.  It hurt like a motha, though. Then a bunch of doctors come in, one at a time, and after about 2 hours or so they decide I need immediate surgery for appendicitis.  So it's about 2 in the morning right now.  Then they come in and tell me it can wait until around 5.  So I'm lying on the damn bed in the hallway for the next three hours.  So then this one guy comes and takes me up to the fifth floor to take a CAT scan and shit.  Man, it was boring.  I just sat there listening to a damn tape recording going, "Take a deep breath and hold it."  5 seconds later...."You may breathe."  So I'm thinking, "I'll breathe whenever the hell I want."  Anyhow, they said they were going to look at the scan and THEN decide if they were going to facking operate.  So now it's around 6 in the morning, my dad and I hadn't gotten ANY sleep, and at this point we're just like, "Well, screw that." Apparently, they decided I didn't NEED surgery, and they pulled me up to the pediatric center.  Oh yes.  Pediatrics.  In the morning this lady comes up and tells me about what the surgery will be like....and she talked like I was 5.  "Here's the brain....do you know what it does?...................Here's the digestive system...do you know what it does?  What does it do?  VERY GOOD!.............This is the respiratory system...."  Man, I was bored.  Yeah.  So I studied the damned appendix for an hour....IT DON'T DO ANYTHING!  My God. Then a bunch of doctors just start rolling in.  Oh yeah, my mom took over for my dad.  They came in and they just kept pushing the same spot on my stomach and asking me if there was pain.  They took my temperature about 40,000 times, blood pressure about 70,000 times.  They schedule the damned surgery for 8:00 P.M.  So I take a little nap...stupid PEOPLE DON'T LEMME SLEEP!  *roar* And then 8 rolls around and they're like, "OK, we can wait until 9."  9 rolls around and I'm all hyped up for surgery and.........................they said surgery wouldn't be necessary.  So now I'm just like, "OK, MAKE UP YOUR GODDAMN MIND!"  Whatever.  So apparently they kept taking blood tests to count the white blood cells (if it was appendicitis, the white cell count was supposed to be high or something.  I just died.  I mean, I zonked out.  I didn't give a shit anymore.   This morning rolls around, and the surgeon guy comes in and says I need surgery.  Now, the whole night they were saying that if  I didn't completely break down over night, I could leave in the morning.  So I didn't die overnight.  My mom was just like, "WTF?!?!?!"  I gave up.   Seriously.  I didn't give a damn anymore.  So basically....my day in a nutshell: "Sat there, made sure I didn't NEED surgery, ate the NASTIEST FOOD I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE, and came home.  Shit.  OK.  *nonchalantly* That was my day......so how was yours?