Jessica, I owe you this.  This blog entry's gonna be a ten-page dissertation, just you wait and see.    Today was the first day of the second semester, which means I got utterly confused on the way to class.  >.>;  I am such a pathetic little idiot.  And my schedule bloody  sucks .  So, watch me RAMBLE.   Oh, and they gave us more homework on this day alone then they did all last semester, I swear.    Period 0 - Honors Geometry - Rasch   Yep.  I still have this little witch, and she's still one boring little witch.  Piece of.  Okay, let's see.  I sit next to the chalkboard, therefore I inhale chalk dust through the hour of horror that is zero period.  Plus, I'm almost right in front of the white board, so I also get nice long whiffs of  dry erase marker .  Isn't that lovely?  I've always wanted to lose all my brain cells before being old enough to babysit.    And, if you'll believe this luck, I have to sit behind, of all people, NELSON.  What kind of bullshit is that?  Of all people.  Of EVERY BLOODY PERSON IN THE ENTIRE FUCKING PERIOD, Nelson.  Shit, I  hate  this class.  It's here to torture me.  I swear it.    Period 1 - Digital Electronics - Allen   No, girlsies and boysies, don't be fooled by the &uuml;ber spiffy name of the class.  This class was once called  ICT .  Y'know,  I ncredibly  C ruel  T orture.  Allen said that himself, mind you.  The big long nasty name is  Computer Logic and Algorithms .  Lord help me.  Spent the entire craptastic period listening to course objectives and bad jokes about the stupidity of Scummy Hills and Fairmont.   "Yeah, see, he's going to grade your labs like someone from Scummy [Sunny] Hills.  Which means he will know  ABSOLUTELY NOTHING ."     "See, this is Troy.  We expect something from you.  At Fullerton, you can just write anything and they'll think you're a genius.  At Sunny Hills, well... you get SOME right, I mean they're not  completely  stupid, are they. "  [Class boos]     Period 2 - Geography/Nonwestern Cultures IB   Oh my god, I STILL have this period.  -_-"  I feel so sorry for Rachel.  [snickers]  I nearly died laughing when I saw the seating chart.  Poor Rachel.  [snickersnickersnicker]  We spent the class period listening to Chinese folk music and doing outlines for Buddhism, Daoism, Laoism, and Confucianism.  As expected, Farr pronounced everything wrong.  And, as expected, people made snide remarks about the music.  I'm not a fan of Chinese folk myself, but can't they respect the culture?  So what if it's a bit different and more centered on violins than electric guitars?  It's not like heavy metal is any better.  "BOO HOO BANG I'M GONNA KILL YOU YOU SON OF A BITCH.."  Oh, yeah.   Reaaaal  intelligent.      Period 3 - Biology IB - Kirkpatrick   Oo, I have Mr. K!  Mr. K!  Mr. K!  Shit.  I want Mrs. Hall.  I don't CARE that she stole my name, she's not HALF as boring as he is.  Bloody hell.  I sit smack in the middle of the classroom.  Therefore, I cannot sleep.    Period 4 - PE - Homer   I forgot to dress out.  Bah.  It was fun watching everyone else suffer, though.  Westbrook's class  still  sucks.  None of them can do pushups for shit.  And all their leg lifts were totally off.  So amusing.      Period 5 - Latin - Kline   I managed to scrape a 95.76 in this class,  even though  I forgot to turn in my notebook, which was worth 50 points.  I am very amused.  It shows exactly how idiotic this class is.  So utterly pointless, Latin I.  I'm probably going to die next year, though.  We chose groups for the rest of the semester, and I'm pretty happy with all of them except one.  I don't know Monica OR Clara and Clara looks like a stereotypical Asian slutty prep.  We'll see how this goes.    Period 6 - English - Lewis      I AM NOT AMUSED.      The counselors hate me.  The world hates me.  This class hates me.  I hate this class.  Woo, mutual feelings, how adorable.  Fuck.  She's implementing a seating chart tomorrow, which means I run the risk of sitting within a six meter radius of Daniel.  By the way, if you're reading this, fuck off.  Seriously.  Stay away from me.  FAR away.  You're (1) moronic, (2) utterly brainless, (3) perverted, and (4) JUST PLAIN SCREWED UP.  You are, quite possibly,  worse than George .  You heard me.  Worse than George.  Damn it, I only don't hate two people in this class:  Jessie and Richard.  Jessie because I talk to her in Latin, and Richard because he was in first period English last semester, is nicer than most people, and doesn't bug the shit out of me.  Thanks, guys.  You two rock.  Anyway, there goes bombing NJROTC...   Okay, and here's my homework: Assignment [Period number]      Math problems from the book that I'm too lazy to write out [0]  Weekly problems (Math), set one [0]  Signatures [1]  Buddhism outline  [2]  Reading  [2]  Section Review  [2]  Study guide  [3]  Signatures [3]  Translation worksheet [5]   Lord of the Flies  anticipation guide [6]  Interpreting Kholberg's theory of moral development  [6]    Happy birthday to me...   And no, it's not my birthday.