Well.  I must say.  My life right now can be summarized in two profane words: FUCKING BULLSHIT.  I mean Jesus Christ really.  O.o Speaking of....will tell later.  OK.  My week in a nutshell.  Mind you, this will be hella condensed.  Just imagine it about 10 times worse.   Biology H -- Period 0:  I hate this class.  I can't remember what we did earlier in the week.  So yesterday.  We have this one guy...Mr. MacSomething....he's one of those people trying to get a credential...so he's asking Adams to "show him the ropes."  Whatever.  So yesterday, he gives his first lecture.  His voice....no projection.  I swear.  I sit in the front row.  God I couldn't hear SHIT.  But at least he doesn't eat chalk like Adams.  Have I ever told y'all about that?  Adams writes with chalk then licks his fingers....SICK.  AND the rag he uses to wipe off the overhead.  I swear.  you would think the guy would use water.  No.  He licks it.  Right after he wipes the chalkboard with the very same rag.  SO the whole class is trying to be real nice.  I swear, I thought the class was REALLY REALLY REALLY good behaviorally.  Mr. Mac looked like a nervous train wreck just waiting to happen.  He was REALLY nervous.  No offense to the guy, but, uh, Biology is hard enough.   English 1H -- Period 1:  oOo I love this class.  Nothing much.  Just reading "And Then There Were None."  I LOVE THIS CLASS.  PROBABLY MY FAVORITE CLASS.   Ceramics -- Period 2:  Just learned today that we have FINALS for CERAMICS.  RIGHT.  NOW I'M ALL STRESSED OUT.  AGAIN.  I CAN'T FAIL CERAMICS!!!!   Algebra 2H -- Period 3:  Now this class I will fail regardless of what the hell I try to do.  I had to make up a test yesterday during 6th period right before my game started.  LOL.  I was dressed in my jersey and warm-ups and everything and I was sitting there taking a math test.  HA.  XDDD.  This class.  C or better.  I'm hoping.     Drama -- Period 4:  Monologue.  HOLY SHIT I HAD TO BE A REVEREND.  HEY ELFIE, CHRISTIANS ARE TAKING OVER, I SWEAR TO....WELL.....GOD.  Yes, I swear to myself soemtimes.  I deliver a goddamn eulogy.  Wanna hear it?  Here it is...well, what I remember.  The script's upstairs, and quite frankly, I don't care if i miss a bunch of shit.  "Yes, we're ready with the Judge Buckner eulogy....I'll tell you what, Arles, you just set her up right back there, and when we're ready, just wave your hand......you're ready?  OK.  This is the Revernd Spikes, and I just wanna say a few words, a few words about a friend of mine and a friend of Tuna's.  Roscoe (what kinda f***ed up name is that?) Buckner (again, wtf?) spent his entire life in service to his community, his country, and his Lord.  And we're sure when the role is called up yonder, he'll be there (?).  He was a judge who made hay while the sun shined(........) and used his smile as an umbrella.  He kept his sunny side up and saw the silver lining of every cloud.  He took no wooden nickels nor threw caution to the wind, but looked before he leapt and never got in over his head.  No, he kept his head, when others around him were losing theirs and blaming it on him.  About this man we can truly say, he was a jolly good fellow, which no one can deny.  He was one for all and all for one.  And I tell you this, he did it HIS way.  He was a serious-minded judge who let bygones be bygones but always remembered the Alamo.  About this man we could truly say, he was the cream of Tuna's coffee. (That's about half....the other half I'm skipping.  It's just a bunch more bullshit).....It's hard to find words to describe a man like this, but I've done my best.  We commend him, Lord.  I, the Reverend Spikes, recommend him.  Amen, Lord, Amen."  Then the guy realizes that the cord wasn't plugged in right and I have to do it OVER AGAIN.  That was bullshit.  Anyhow.  Fun.  Boring, boring monologues.   World History H -- Period 5:  Good god.  History Day is a bitch.  Banquet yesterday.  Like I placed.  Stefanie Wong and Laura higashi took first for group exhibits!!!  County, babeeee!  Hell yeah.  Anyhow.  I got back from the banquet at 9:00 P.M.  Was up until 1 in the morning making a damned notecard for this class....my make-up test.  I tooked it during lunch today!   Pooooooooop.   Basketball -- Period 6:  I HATE ADRIAN.  There.  Said it.  but that's okay.  I'm not alone.  i mean, NOBODY likes her.  grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.  Just so....Grrrrrr.  Can't explain it here.  Too tired.    I MUST SAY, THIS WEEK HAS BEEN ONE OF THE SHITTIEST I HAVE LIVED THROUGH.........