This.  Is.  Fucking.  Bullshit.  I swear, Murphy's Law was working full force today because it just  sucked .  I haven't checked if my domain is down, but if it is... there'll be hell to pay.  I'm not in a good mood, I'm pissed at everyone (well, almost), and I'm about to explode, so it might be nice if you stay away, okay?  Far, far away.   Mood:  Fucked.  Up.  Music:  "Sotsugyou" - Tackey and Tsubasa  Okay, so first I overslept (woke up at 6:10) and so I was fucking pissed because I had to get ready a lot faster than usual.  I barely ate anything for breakfast, which normally has to sustain me from six to one, but since I didn't *get* breakfast, I was starving.  Zero period.  Rasch wouldn't shut her fucking trap, so I had to listen to her jabber the entire time.  I swear, if I hear the words "TRIANGLE,"  "ANGLE," "SIMILARITY," and "PROOF" in the same sentence  one more time  I will go bonkers.  First period.  I'm sorry, James, but you cannot present for shit and I don't admire your oral skills in any which way.  Or your Photoshop skills, for that matter.  Your PowerPoint background was pitiful.  What was it?  Difference clouds with blue and cyan blended into a dark blue background, lens flare, distort, filter: hard light?  Yes, it was that obvious.  And thank you, Caitlin, for telling him to buzz off about German rice because I was in no mood to talk back.  Second period.  Hitler.  Oh shit, if he weren't dead I'd've killed him.  And anyone who thinks they know everything about WWII, because you don't look smart, you're a fucking pain the ass.  Third period.  Was fun.  The adventures of Bob, oh yeah.  Dionne, I'm sorry, but the best I can do today-- oh wait.. [checks through Start programs]  THIS COMPUTER HAS ADOBE PHOTOSHOP!  O_O  Albeit an *illegal* copy of Photoshop with no brushes.. but.. Photoshop.. [licks lips]  Okay, my day is a little bit better.  Fourth period.  Was STUPID.  God, and I thought Charmaine couldn't serve.  She can't hit the ball, either, so we only won once, and that was because Tiffany can't serve either.  Fifth period.  Is Latin ever fun?  Tell me the truth.  Ryan was depressed as hell, and I swear the poor baby had a headache coupled with severe male PMS.  And Kline was as super-happy as ever, which pissed the shit out of everyone in the back row... no, wait, just me and Ryan.  Sixth period.  Biology.  We started talking about evolution, then Hall started going on about a *higher power.*  Fuck, it was like Mears revisited: "Whenever I see a TREE, I can't help but think there's someone OUT THERE controlling things!"  Bullshit.  Full-fledged atheism right now.  I'm listening to music and if the Weiss boys mention "kami" I will fucking blow my top.  Takehito Koyasu is my hero even though he seems pretty Christian.  >.>  And if I read somewhere that he *is* Christian... then... I'll follow in my own fucking footsteps.  So I run out of bio to escape Caitlin (sorry, but if you talked to me I would've punched you in the face) and then I had to face super genki mother, which pissed me off greatly.  And so I got home, wasted an hour of my life on geometry and Latin homework, then went upstairs to my COMPUTER.  Which, once I turned on, gave me a fucking error message.  So I turn on my Dad's fucking computer, and the damned thing takes *forever* to start up!  And then IE is  in Chinese encoding, so all ALT codes look run over by something and the default font is ugly as fuck.  I changed the encoding and am now ranting into this blog.  It could be worse; Tiny Little Song seven times in succession has calmed me somewhat.