Yesterday was.........different.  Yes.  That's the word I'm looking for, I suppose.    8:30 - 10:30: Mental math class.  Ooo, that Indian kid pisses me off.  Doesn't  SHUDDUP for a SECOND.  Oiii.  I suppose that's what I was like when I was four.  Wait....there are quite a few people out there who STILL think I'm loud, huh?  Oh yeah.  Saw quite a few of those today.  XDDDDD.  11:30 - 1:30: Went to the orthodontist's.  The wire was too long and kept cutting into my mouth.  Oiii.  So I sit there for an HOUR in the damned waiting room.  Then I FINALLY get called in.  So I wait in the chair for ten MORE minutes.  Someone FINALLY comes in and chops off the extra wire.  There.  Took what?  30 seconds including the time it took for the assistant lady to get her gloves on?  Shit I didn't even SEE the orthodontist today.  Damn, the mother was PISSSSSED.  1:45 - 2:25: Went to pick up Laura from her house to "rehearse" for the scene....which, of course, is scheduled for Wednesday.  Crappit.  We didn't do ANYTHING.  We were too busy trying to pump up my ball.  XDDD  Took FOREVER.  The needle that I got from Mrs. Higashi didn't even fit.  Oiii.  So I had to hold the needle in place with the pump head right on top of that.  We actually filled in 3/4 of the WHOLE THING!  It actually bounced when we dropped it!  You don't understand!  The ball didn't bounce yesterday when I dropped it on the floor.  Oiii.  Anyhow.  Ate a hamburger, saved Jody some fries for lunch, and then took off for La Serna.  2:35 - 5:00: So when we got there, Salena and Michelle were already there.  Jody was right behind us.  So I give Nemo my socks and she puts 'em on.  Then we start shooting around for a while.  We were all wearing the same thing!  It was awesome!  Of course, Squirt forgot to call Fishsticks, so she was wearing red shorts.  Oh well.  Too bad.  It was awesome!  So Trisha walks in at about 2:50, and the first thing she asks, "What's up with the socks?"  So I had to tell her we were wearing 'em because we knew Stacey and Daphne didn't like them.  She called us little jerks.  So we started shooting around before practice started.  I HATE JODY'S BALL!  I've jammed three fingers up to date because of her ball!  Shit.  Oh well, it was fun.  So Stacey shows up around 3....such dedication.  Hahaha.  Oh yes.  She said we were color-coordinated.  *grins proudly*  So there were THREE teams there today sharing the court.  So we had a fourth of the court.  It was crap.  We did ball-handling.  CROSSOVERS.  HAHAHA.  WE SUCKED.  And, as a result, we ended up having to do Sweet Sixteens.  Oiiiii.  I was starting to feel that hamburger.  MOOOO.  Then we CONTINUED doing crossovers.  Then we shot.  Oiiiiiii.  Don't even start it.  The shots looked like SHIT.  Seriously.  Salena's the only one who can shoot.  Hahahaha.  Then we did this sliding thing.  It was............new.  Yeah.  We were in the key, sliding back and forth and back and forth.  It was actually really easy.  But SHHHHHHHHHH don't tell 'em that.  Then we got the half-court time.  Since there were three teams, one of 'em got half the court, and if you ran it sideways, you'd have a full court.  WE HAD TO DO CRAZY EIGHTS!!!!!!!!!!!!!  *sniffle*  Then we did the 3-man weave.  Hahahaha.  I missed the lay-up, so we had to do it again.  Then Gurgle missed the lay-up, and we had to do it AGAIN.  Hahahah.  I made it the second time, though.  I know, I know, what awesome skill I have.  We did 3-on-2 next.  It was crap.  I was in the middle more than Laura was.  Stupid Squirt.  Man, I was TIRED.  Hahaha there was this one where I was running in front of the defense down the court, so Daphne was on my team and chucked it up the court for me.  They all wanted me to take the layup, so I threw it back to Daphne.  It was AWESOME.  Sorry, it'd be funnier if you knew what Laura and I were talking about right before that play.  Anyhow.  We did boxing out next.  STUPID GREG.  The munch.  The defense was supposed to box out, and Stacey told Greg to watch and make sure everyone was boxing out.  Stupid Greg.  I DID box out!  You munchkinface.  So we ended up doing even MORE pushups.  Crappit.  I think we did about a hundred and fifty thousand today.  Blah.  Then we ran through plays.  Hahaha.  Jody got a cramp right during the play and the Connie had to help her pull her foot towards she becauswe JODY CAN'T TOUCH HER TOES!  HAHAHA.  Yeah.  So we stopped right there.  Awesome.  Hahahahaha.  Then Daphne wanted to know how Nemo got her sn.  She THOUGHT IT WAS ME!  Geeeeeeeeez.  WHY DOES SHE ALWAYS THINK I'M THE INSTIGATOR OF EVERYTHING?!?!?!?  Hahaha.  Anyhow.  It was awesome.  Daphne was swinging her keys around and then she just absent-mindedly let go.  Hahaha.  All of a sudden you hear, "Hey, where'd my keys go?!?!?"  LOL.  It was crappa funny.  Fishsticks threw them to me and I tried to throw them to Nemo, but Daphne caught 'em.  Poopers.   5:30 - 8:30: Went with Squirt and Mrs. Higashi to the SOC banquet.  We helped pass out bags and raffle tickets.  OMG LAURA WON THREE TIMES!  Two?  Three?  Whatever.  Jody won twice, and JAIMIE won a pair of tickets to Six Flags.  GEEEEZ.  I didn't win anything *sniffle*.  Laughed at Greg for a while......Then it was over and I walked back to Jody's house with them, since she lives RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET.  Yeah.  Then my mommy camed.    Oiiii.  Wilson Awards Banquet in about two hours...nobody from SOC'll be able to move......shiite.