Oh.  My.  God.  I haven't blogged here, for like, a month.  Jesus Christ.  Sorry to... the.. fans.  (What fans?)  And to Platypus, just because.  XD  Hee.  Platypus is coming over on Saturday.  And there's no school tomorrow!     Geometry:  Butthole.  I got a C on the test.  Wtf?  Honestly, loci will be the death of me.  Damn you, stupid circle things.  Damnnn youuuuu.  I'm still trying to find out a way to read manga in this class without getting caught.  Sure thing.   ICT:  Squee.  We're in Farr's class because they're painting Mr. Allen's room.  And since Allen is such a freaking practical joker, he took a copy of ICT homework and stuck it up on the wall next to all the country's flags.  ICT is a country now, yay!  He wanted to move the picture of Bill Clinton to the sixteenth president's place so (and I quote) "he'd get assassinated earlier."  Aha.  I love this class.  That was so random.   NWCultures  I want Vietnam war era music.  It kicks modern music's lame little butt in every aspect.   Every aspect .  It's sad, too.  Not about love and people screwing each other and all that overrated crap you see every time you turn on the telly.  So, we're learning about the Vietnam War, if you haven't noticed.  We're watching a really interesting documentary, too.  :D   Bio  Holy  shit .  Hardest test.   Ever .  48 multiple choice, 9 diagram labelling questions, 1 essay/diagram question, and 2 analytical questions.Oh, and all on the nitrogen cycle.  I ask you:  HOW the hell do you generate  that  many questions on one stupid little cycle?  Granted, a lot of the multiple choice's were repeats/rewordings of the same question.  I must've answered  Nitrogen fixation  (B) at least seven times.    PE  LOL, we played basketball.  Girls v. girls, because if it's coed.. I swear, the guys are  insane .  'Twas fun.  Me, Sheila, Emily, and Cristina v. Joanne, Shannon, and people.  :P  I said 'squee' way too many times.  Cristina was laughing at me.  Nyo.   Lunch  Heeee.  We spent the whole period in Hall's bio classroom.  I learned somebody's name.  Woohoo.  Oh, and that one girl put a snake on my head.  The snake's name is Tom Riddle.  Fuck you.   Latin  We just did a test all period.  Boring.  Seriously, there is -nothing- to write about.   English  Starting a poetry unit!  @@;  We stood on top of the desks to see the English room "from a different viewpoint," which is apparently what poetry is.  And then we brainstormed sensory words.  "Squee, &uuml;berl33t, squishy, and videogames."  God, I love this stupid class.  And now I'm home.  I just realized I have this nasty looking cut on my arm, and it's bleeding.  And I have  no idea  where it came from.