This weekend was fun, I suppose, even if it wore me out like cRaP.    ~ Saturday ~  Went to coach them ickle ones again.....they're actually going to start playing games!  OMG....that's going to SOOOOO funny!  They best be winning, too, if they know what's good for them.  Hahaha.  Afterwards, Nemo and Gurgle came over to my house to make cupcakes for Steph.  Buuuuuuut, we decided not to, since Stacey just HAD TO BE rearin' to get us back.  We ended up playing Nintendo (Nemo, give it up) and cards.  Nemo can give up P-I-G, too, she SUCKS!  Hahaha.  She's okay at Big 2, though, Ima give her that.  Anyhow.  We watched "Finding Nemo" (AGAIN) and took little naps, all in turn.  Very synchronized it was.    Aiyah then we went to practice......Oiiii.  Stacey LIED!  She said she wasn't going to be there for practice this week, so we thought it was just going to be Trisha again, but Connie ended up coming.  Stacey came in about 15 minutes into practice......  Hahaha.  Daphne came around 4:15....THEN we scrimmaged the boys.  Again, .  Hahaha.  I THINK we might've won.  Well, they won because they got both "last baskets", but point-wise, I think we got 'em.  Hehehe.  But I had this nice, spiffy crossover in front of this one guy.  Oiiii.  Massive sideburns, dude.  LOL.  I'm SOOOOO mean.  Anyhow.  That was practice.  Came home, took a shower, and was ready to flop into my comfy little bed and just SLEEP.  But no.  We ended up going out to HomeTownBuffet to eat.  Aiyah.  I saw FOUR people I knew there!  William, Tammy, Justin, and Brian!  AiYAh!  We always see people there!  Dude, massive line, though.  Aiyah.  Came home and SLEPT.  ~ Sunday ~  Man, I HAVE to stop waking up at 6:50 on weekends.  I swear it's because I'm so used to having my brain actually WAKE UP around 6:50.....seeing as zero period starts at 6:51.  But yeah.  Hahahah Got up and saw the Momster making cupcakes.  She said it was because we didn't make them yesterday and she was doing it herself!  Hahaha.  Anyhow.  Went back to bed around 10....slept 'til about 12.  Woke up, got ready, and picked up Gurgle.  Lalala drove to the game and everything.  I know.  It's just SO descriptive.  I know.  It's a gift.  So Cat ended up getting there REAL LATE....it's just a good thing the game before us went into oVaTiME.  I dunno....today's game was just kind of a blur.  I don't think anyone really got into it.  Dunno why.  It was *whoosh* over our heads.  Yeah.  We lost.  Wooot!  Go Gurgle!  She blocked this one girl's shot and she actually mADe her shot!  WOOT!  Haha.  Aiyah, we're SCREWED OVER for practice next week.....what was it?  SEVEN missed lay-ups?    AND Stacey still hasn't gotten us back for the cupcake thing, which was really HER fault.  But still, DOUBLE .  Haha.  I like that face.  Hahaha.  Trish and Stacey were sore today, though.  They scrimmaged Greg's team after practice yesterday for TWO hours.  Hahaha.  Losers.  *runs*   ~ Platypus oOoooooOOOooOo and congrats to Stef and Ushi for taking first AGAIN at County.  STATE!  WOOT!