Well well well, Stef.  Someone's been having too much damn fun on the xangas, ya think?  lol.  Anyhow.  Bloddy leg.  Can't do frikkin squat.  At all.  [Saturday] Meh....class in the morning, had to miss lil stars for an ortho appointment...but it's not like anyone else went anyway.  Damn, spent THREE frikkin HOURS in the damn ortho office....but oh well.  Went home and grabbed a quick bite before heading to practice.  Hadn't eaten anything all day.  Meh.    Practice sucked.  *nodnod*  We did FIVE sets of eights....  Holy CRAP it sucked.  I could barely breathe, it was so damn hot in that stupid gym.  We split up and did different things....Trish made me and Ushi do our "point-guard move"...LOL.  It was the one Ushi kept trying to do in the summer .  Crap, our free throws died.  I made two of three....the one I missed was an airball..........OOPS.  LOL.  So then Trisha gets all excited and wants to scrimmage....  Crap.  It was me, Nemo, Cat, Christina, and Daphne against Ushi, Jody, Steph, Trish, and Connie.  I think we lost.  Hahaha.  So we're going and I'm back trying to stop then from scoring, and I jump off my left foot.  HOLY COWSERS all of a sudden the stupid calf tightens and it cramps up.  Man, that hasn't happened to me since maybe 5th grade.  Forgot how much that thing hurts.  *sob*  So yeah, after that, all I remember is Daphne sitting there going, "We're going to stretch it out, ok?  It's gonna hurt, but that's the only way..."  So I'm sitting there thinking, "Oh great."  Haha.  Anyhow, Ushi told me what happened....my eyes were completely shut.  Hahaha.  She said Mr. Kikkawa came over and pushed my foot upright and Mr. Choy was trying to massage the thing out.  HE IS STRONG, CAT!!!!  Wow.  It HURT.  So yeah.  After that, we ended practice.  LOL STEPH BROUGHT FOB DRINKS!!!  Hahaha.  Psh...Daph insisted on talking to my mom about my asthma...meh.    [Sunday] Woke up, and the first thing I felt was a shooting pain in my leg. Platypus was sad.  She wanted to PLAY!!!  So she tries walking down the stairs, and KABLOOEY!!!!  The Platypus falls.  Hahaha.  No, it's not funny, but in a sense, it kind of is....  So she tries jumping....to no avail.  So the Platypus gets a ride with Jody and the Poop.  We got there at 1:20, and for once, CAT WAS EARLY!!! Props, Cat.  LOL.  Lalala.  So the Platypus starts the game, despite having a big pain in her leg.  Platypus is still mad at her leg.  *nodnod*  So platypus picks up two fouls about 30 seconds apart from each other and has to sit. So we're up by about 4 going into halftime.  Second half, Platypus plays for about 3 minutes.  Then, on one stupid possesion, Platypus trips over some buttcrack's shoe and pulls her calfie again.  THE PAIN.  STUPID REF.  I'm hobbling to the bench....can't even get to the other side of the floor.  HE JUST KEEPS PLAYING!!!!  WHAT THE HEY?!?!?!  FINALLY, someone fouls some other girl and she's shooting free throws, and the Platypus finally gets to get out and strretch out hte stupid calf.  THE PAIN.  SO about three minutes later, we're up by one and Stacey asks me if I can play.  Crap, I was like, "Screw the leg, hell yeah."  Meh.  It HURT.  So with one second left, we're down by three.  Time out...blah blah blah.  THe play is set up and I'm supposed to come across the double screen and shoot the three.  Hahaahah so I get open for about a second and this one defender rushes out, so I cut in to lose her.  Then Ushi throws the ball, and Platypus looks back like, "Oh SHIT....there goes the ball!!!!!"  Hahaha.  The Platypus beats some other girl to the ball and chucks it up....not even close.  Meh.  THe leg.  I swear I would kill it if it weren't a part of me.  [Monday] Meh....no block schedule today.  It was rather boring.  It was HOT.  Too lazy to give you all a rundown.  STupid thing.  Six period, we didn't do ANYTHING!!!  Or , rather, me and Ushi didn't have to.  Everyone else had to do 100 calf raises....hahah Ushi's transferring over soon.  Platypus told Ed that she killed her calf on Saturday and couldn't do anything....YAY!!!  Meh.  Lemme see.  Does I gots homework today?  Meh, don't think so!!!  WOOOOOOT!!!!  Crap, there's so much crap due Wednesday, though.  Ima START.  HEY POOP, AREN'T YOU JUST SO PROUD OF ME?!?!?!?  ~Kleenex