Yo, man.  I haven't been here in ages  again .  This is pathetic.  Woohoo.  Anyway, one good thing happened today.  My mom found  Reanimation .  Been looking for that thing since I lost it, which was like... a year ago.  [cough]   zero period  Bullshit.  Pure bullshit.  We're learning how to find the volume of prisms.  Somebody save me.  I'm drowning in a pool of stupidity.  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!  Okay, I'll stop now.   first period  I love this class.  It's so... freaking frustrating.  We spent an hour and a few minutes on Lab 13, but it turned out to be a lot harder than it looked.  o_o;;  We still don't have it, by the way.  Used all our wires and ten of Jeremy's, and we're still not done.  Something tells me we need a  lot  of help on this one.  Damn you, 7447 and 7476 things.  Damn you.  Oh, and our seven-segment displayer thing's middle segment shorted out, but Allen won't give us a new one.  Isn't that lovely?   break  Walked with An to Biology, where I acted like a nerd and did Latin homework (Or what I thought was Latin homework.  Turns out it wasn't assigned at all and I was dreaming.)  Then An left and Cristina came in, so I talked to her.  Yep.  Was quite boring.   third period  Two bloody hours of biology.  I don't know how I managed to survive.  I mean, seriously.  I fell asleep six times, was woken up all six times, had stomach pains (was so hungry), was twitching (we're studying the circulatory system and he was talking about needles), and didn't feel too great in general.   lunch  Xavier won the Anime Club secretary position.  Which is all spiffy for me, since I still get to design the AC website.  I plan on blackmailing the board people to get a domain and a host so I can do this properly.  Whatever.   fifth period  Two hours of LATIN.  UGH.  First few minutes were translating, more translating, and then... okay, a full hour of translating.  Then we made mosaics out of paper.  Do you know how hard it is to make a mosaic out of paper?  And glue the little eensy weensy squares onto another paper?  With shitty school glue and kiddy scissors?  Ow.   Can't wait till tomorrow, those blocks are more fun...