I had a really, really bad day.  =.=  Right now I'm designing a layout for Sorata's fanlisting and I can't think of a  thing .  So I thought I'd take a break and blog.  =)  In case I don't get around to dropping by tomorrow to leave this note, Platypus and I are holding off blogging from Monday to Thursday of next week.  Then we're both (reportedly and assuming Platypus doesn't forget) going to write our life stories (as a figure of speech, mind) in celebration of our year-long... attendance of this blog.  =D  See how our archives go back to May 28, 2003?  ^_^   [ music ]  Wei&szlig;- One More Angel  So, today.  First Elfie wakes up at 10:20 because she's  dead tired  and slept really, really late last night.  Then Elfie just lies there in bed because that's what Elfie does for the first two hours that she's awake.  But then Mummy and Johnny kick the door open and tell Elfie she has tennis in  forty minutes  and she has to leave in  twenty .  So then Elfie has to get up and change and all that crap and goes to tennis.  Then the tennis teach gives Elfie a SPIDERMAN RACKET and expects Elfie to play tennis with it.  What the hey?  It's a Spiderman racket!  Then Elfie misses the first, oh, six hundred shots the tennis teach hits at her because this retarded Spiderman racket is the most oddly shaped thing in the world.  So tennis goes on for about forty minutes, then Elfie's grandmother comes and picks Elfie up.  She dumps Elfie at her house, where she sits staring into space for forty minutes before Mother-dear comes with food.  And then Elfie ate.  And all was good.  Not.  So now it's 12:20, and Elfie's got piano lessons at the half hour.  She gets to piano lessons, and lo and behold, teacher is in a BAD MOOD.  Now Elfie has to endure an hour of bitchslapping and verbal abuse.  Then, to make all matters worse, Teacher makes Elfie play the Czerny etude for Elfie's CM requirements.  That etude is the most disgusting song ever.  It sounds, oh, roughly like five cats scraping their claw nails against a blackboard in unison.  Add the occasional discordant chord (no pun intended), and you've got Elfie's piano piece.  It sounds better when it's played wrong, but the teacher made Elfie play it right.  Then Elfie had to go to CHOIR.  But the Pumpkin got sick this morning, so she couldn't go and Elfie had to go alone to the stupid place.  We got there and Elfie was bored for a very, very long time.  And then Elfie went home.  And here I am.  The End.