Yes, she is, because she hasn't blogged in FOREVER and she keeps telling me to (and is this the third day in a row that I've blogged or am I hallucinating?).  So she gets her little moronic moment for my subject (Hey, she's the one with the screenname moronspeaks.)  Today was SPIFFEH.  Hell yeah.  =D  LOL, and I think Jonathan's proud of himself for finally remembering my name.  XD   [ music ]   Duran Duran - Ordinary World   [ HONORS GEOMETRY &raquo; z3r0 ]  Woohoo, test!  I'm quite sure I did well, but I think I just jinxed myself by typing that.  :X Nonetheless, it was one easy test.  =.=  I think I'll commit suicide if I don't get at least a 95.  Shooting for a high A here.   [ ICT &raquo; 0n3 ]  Omfg.  I have such a pain in the ass for a lab partner.  She's always there when I don't need her at all and never there when I need her.  >>;  I wired Lab 19 without the schematics because someone stole mine (and An's brother took hers), so I made a misake and switched the input and output legs.  The lab didn't work and I rewired it a couple times before realizing my initial mistake.  So when I finally finished, An was  gone .  Elfie was pissed, and everyone I asked knew where she was (the bathroom) while, I, as her poor solitary lab partner, had no idea.  Ooh, and I also got bored and checked my grade.  I was a bit afraid because of the horrible test grade (x.x) but I still have a... rather high A.  :X  This class is now officially too easy for words.  I wonder why Andrea thinks it difficult...?  Whatever.  ICT and FOP are both inhumanly easy.  I wonder what AP Comp Sci will be like.   [ NONWESTERN CULTURES IB &raquo; tw0 ]  'Oly shit, it was boring.  No, really.  There is  nothing  to say-- except maybe that I don't know what to bring for our little "Cultural Experience."  Methinks I shall bring Costco potstickers and pretend they're Chinese. Hey, it was Jazzy's idea, not mine.  Catherine might bring dumplings.  =3   [ BIOLOGY HONORS/IB &raquo; thr33 ]  Ehh... heh... We watched the most, erm,  illuminating  film in the history of BoringDocumentaryClassFilms today.  It was  scary .  Basically, it was about how maggots, leeches, and bee venom are miraculous in regards to healing immune diseases and wounds, as well as aiding in surgical reattachments of InsertBodyPart.  It was  disgusting .  I don't even want to begin describing exactly how graphic this thing was, but let's just say we got our fair share of gushing blood and disembodied, bloody body parts.  Oh, and did I mention we saw maggots and leeches crawling through live human flesh?  Yes... that too.  That guy named his leech Boomer...   [ PHYSICAL EDUCATION &raquo; f0ur ]  Eww, Elfie had a sub for PE.  He was old.  We played "Ultimate Frisbee" (more like a bunch of morons standing in a circle attempting to throw a broken frisbee at each other).  It was fun, though, because Emily kept throwing the frisbee like a boomerang and... I don't know, but I was laughing like a loon.  Quite crazy, actually.  After the bell rang I skipped for a while and then stopped when I saw the NJROTC people swimming (o.O??) 'cause that was scary.  Yes.  I talked in the third person for a while.   [ LATIN &raquo; f1v3 ]  We took a vocab test and I got 24/24 even though I didn't study (at all)!  Yay me.  There is absoutely nothing to say about this class, really.  Fair share of Heaven-insulting ( HEAVEN:  You're looking very brown, Ryan.  (He was being a brown-noser to taunt the teacher 'cos he hates her.)   ERIC:  Was that a  racist comment  there, Heaven?  I'm appalled! ) but apart from that, nothing, really.  =D   [ ENGLISH &raquo; 51x ]  BOO-YAH.  Yesh!  All that stupid slaving with Gus (TORMENT) paid off!  =D =D  Don't know how, but I somehow got a 12 on my district essay thing.  You have no idea how happy I am because of that.  *__*  And we had a bloody high class average, too.  oO;  Yo, Platypus, does Mekenian still have those stupid Valentine'sDayByeByeElectricity essays?  Anyway, more Romeo and Juliet, but that was to be expected.   Damn, I forgot something I was going to write.  Argh.