I would counter that there is now a precedent for federal court intervention in federal elections and that there is a constitutional basis for it. the supreme court did not choose bush over gore as much as it made florida clearly define what their election process is and whether the process itself violated federal law. from bush vs. gore   http://caselaw.lp.findlaw.com/scripts/getcase.pl?court=US&vol=531&invol=98   The petition presents the following questions: whether the Florida Supreme Court established new standards for resolving Presidential election contests, thereby violating Art. II, §1, cl. 2, of the United States Constitution and failing to comply with 3 U. S. C. §5, and whether the use of standardless manual recounts violates the Equal Protection and Due Process Clauses. With respect to the equal protection question, we find a violation of the Equal Protection Clause.  The Florida Supreme Court has ordered that the intent of the voter be discerned from such ballots. For purposes of resolving the equal protection challenge, it is not necessary to decide whether the Florida Supreme Court had the authority under the legislative scheme for resolving election disputes to define what a legal vote is and to mandate a manual recount implementing that definition. The recount mechanisms implemented in response to the decisions of the Florida Supreme Court do not satisfy the minimum requirement for non-arbitrary treatment of voters necessary to secure the fundamental right. Florida's basic command forthe count of legally cast votes is to consider the "intent of the voter." Gore v. Harris, ___ So. 2d, at ___ (slip op., at 39). This is unobjectionable as an abstract proposition and a starting principle. The problem inheres in the absence of specific standards to ensure its equal application. The formulation of uniform rules to determine intent based on these recurring circumstances is practicable and, we conclude, necessary.  While I understand Ted Rall's frustration with having Bush as president, I do not agree that the election was a judicial coup d'etat.  What it was though is an example, notedin the supreme court ruling itself, that the vote counting systems in this country are antiquated and need to be changed and standardized so everyone's vote can be counted. Florida was having different counties determine what was and was not a "hanging chad".  how can this be considered equal protection for all state voters wheneach district has it's own standards about what constitutes a vote?  and jimi, this case in front of the supreme court was brought by bush not by gore.