something else that hasn't been specifically addressed yet: "disappearing" vs. "leaving a corpse" at the death of a jedi.  in e4, obi-wan "dies" at vader's saber, but leaves no body behind - an event which seems to puzzle vader.  in e6, yoda dies by visibly fading away in front of luke.  also in e6, vader dies, but his body remains.  same for qui-gon in e1, and some unknown jedi in e2 (in the arena scene).   so what's up with that?  you can't argue that only jedi masters get to fade away when they buy it - qui-gon was a master.  there's an argument to be made regarding whether a jedi has the time to anticipate his or her own death; yoda and obi-wan both knew it was immanent, and if there's some "thing" one needs to do to not leave a body behind, perhaps it requires at least a few moments to prepare.  obi-wan turned off his saber and closed his eyes; yoda relaxed and closed his eyes.  some sort of meditative state is suggested by these moments.    qui-gon did medidate in the middle of his fight with darth maul, but he apparently felt optimistic enough about the outcome of the battle that he didn't bother to memorize the "body fade away at death" spell.  ;)  however, he stayed alive long enough to have some final words with obi-wan - so why wasn't he able to utilize that period of time to initiate his "disappearence"?  unless it requires that you prepare yourself   before   a fatal blow, this explanation isn't consistent.  and then there's vader/annakin.  supposedly, and by his own admission, luke "saved" him from the dark side before he died.  he even appears as a "ghost" next to obi-wan and yoda at the end of e6 - which suggests that all 3 of them went to the same "place" after death.  so why does vader leave a body behind?  i've heard some fans argue that perhaps his body faded away "off camera", and that luke was only burning vader's armor in the funeral pyre.  i don't buy this, though.    heck, maybe the "disappearing death" is some new trick that the jedi learn between e2 and e4!  after all, sometime during this same period, the whole branch of thought concerning "midichlorians" gets dumped...  thoughts?  i know this is an obscure one, and it may come down to an inconsistency that in hindsight, lucas said, "oh crap, that's right.  oh well."