Tori Amos Scarlet's Walk  (Epic)  Tori Amos is one of America's most polarizing artists, with each album predictably regarded as a love-it-or-hate-it proposition sure to thrill every fan and aggravate every hater. But she's made good and bad records just like anyone else: For proof, listen to her sublime From The Choirgirl Hotel and her horrid covers album Strange Little Girls back to back. Amos' well-documented idiosyncrasies tend to be reflected in teeth-gnashingly twee flights of fancy just as often as they produce bracing catharsis, making her catalog both rewarding and punishing when taken as a whole. Come to think of it, that just about sums up Scarlet's Walk, her epic follow-up to Strange Little Girls. A characteristically oblique concept album about finding the soul of America in its open roads, the disc marks a vast leap beyond its more gimmicky predecessor. From the pretty ballad "Your Cloud" to the irresistibly poppy single "A Sorta Fairytale," Scarlet's Walk moves through some remarkable terrain. But amid all the elegantly sweeping, minor-key arrangements are the usual aggravating moments, most notably at the end of songs like "Mrs. Jesus" (yeech) and "Wednesday," which each close with a breathless solo a cappella vocal for dramatic effect. The result tends to highlight lines that don't serve her well: Try not to groan when Amos stops the music on "Wednesday" long enough to wheeze, "Lost in a place called America." But on Scarlet's Walk, her audacity is just as often admirable, and the album represents a considerable step up for fans and foes alike. —Stephen Thompson  not from that album but one of my favorite tori songs She's Your Cocaine She's got you shaving your legs you can suck anything but you know you wanna be me put on your makeup boy you're your favourite stranger and we all like to watch So shimmy once and do it again bring your sister if you can't handle it she says you control it then she says you don't control it then she says you're controlling the way she makes you crawl She's your Cocaine your Exodus laughing and she knows what you are so shimmy once and do it again Bring your sister Bring your sister if you can't handle it If you want me to Boy I could lie to you you don't need one of these to let me inside of you and is it true that devils end up like you do something safe for the picture frame and is it true that devils end up like you so tied up you don't know how she came She's your Cocaine She's got you shaving your legs she got you liking mine back got me takin it in getting mine back lasting mine evil I'm taking my easel and I'm writing good checks you sign Prince of Darkness try squire of dimness please don't help me with this