Greetings from the West Coast -- wanted everyone to know that I woke our little Benjamin up to make sure he was OK. I found him groggy and cute when he's sleepy -- not to mention sore and not a little grouchy. Been in LA for the past 2 weeks, training 600 security screeners. The Admiral who's the Federal Security Director here has gone on record saying he wants a total of 1100 trained by the end of the year, so doing the math, that means that there's another, um, carry the one, er, 500 screeners to cycle through in the next 2 weeks. Wheeeee!  Thought I'd write a bit about my day off for Benji's bene -- I was able to pull off one of my favorite things today: the Movie Theater Hat Trick!! Paid money for "Drumline," used my free pass (see details below) to get into "Die Another Day," then walked across the hall into "Nemesis" -- an altogether entertaining way to blow an entire day!! My butt's asleep and my eyes are still adjusting to the light, but it was good to get a movie fix.  So it started at 11:00 this morning with "Drumline." The movie was 30 minutes late starting because the moved the theater but forgot to tell the projectionist. Oops. The entire audience was up in arms, to say the least (they didn't even turn off the flood lights in the theater until 10 minutes after the showtime) and the manager avoided a riot only by offering refunds or free passes to the entire crowd. Serendipitously, the 30 minute delay worked perfectly, as the Bond film was starting at 1:30. Once done there, "Nemesis" was only 10 minutes from kickoff, so it was an easy jaunt across the hall!  Opinions  Drumline:  A marching band geek's wet dream. Nearly half an hour of drumline battles, marching band formations, and get-down moves. It would have been very comical if the Lee-Davis marching Confederates tried to do what these bands were hammering out, but it was fun to fantasize about belonging to a band like that. They nailed the internal band politics, too. Definitely worth matinee price, or video viewing at JS' with his monster sound system. A must see if you salivate at the sound of a drumline cadence.  Die Another Day:  I can't say enough how much I enjoy Pierce B.'s James. He manages to make him human, and gives him an edge that Connery had in the early films but Moore could never find. I truly believe that his JB is a cold-blooded killer. Halle Berry, however, never quite convinced me that she was cut from the same cloth. Not that I'm complaining, but she swishes when she moves and it prevents me from believing that she's a hard-edged operative. And Rosamund Pike makes me feel all funny inside and (heh, heheh) my pants got tight when she was on the screen....  Nemesis:  Solid, but not filling. Action-packed, but not "Khan." I think my lack of enthusasim is a result of a good thing -- that is, I've seen all the battle scenes on TV -- they aren't breaking ground in that department. Good, since I can get my ship-to-ship action fix on TV, but bad because it leaves me wishing I would be blown away on the big screen. Great villan for this one, but I HATED the whole Data thing. If the next one is "Search for Data," I quit (and you know they set that up, too)! I just can't help but think that Berman has wrung the franchise dry. Anybody keeping up with "Enterprise," please contradict me and convince me that I'm wrong.  That's all from the Left coast. Hope everyone has a Peaceful holiday!