so true: After several gentle conversations, I have finally gotten my fiancé to share his fantasy with me: He wants to have sex on the top of a bunk bed. He says he likes the idea of a restricted space and our bodies being really close. We don't own a bunk bed, but I really want to make it come true for him. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Bride To Be  Your fiancé wants to have sex in a "restricted space" with your bodies "really close." Where and how were you having sex before his big confession? In the middle of a football field with you in one end zone and him in the other?  The first few times you engaged him in gentle conversation, he stalled and hemmed and hawed, and you dropped the subject. If he didn't have any fantasies, he would have said so.  I'm sorry, BTB, but your fiancé is NOT into bunk-bed sex. He's lying to you, dumbass. No one with a fantasy life that dull requires "several gentle conversations" to draw him out! There's nothing the least bit shameful, gross, freaky, or repulsive about sex in a bed, bunk or otherwise. Therefore, there's only one conclusion we can draw from your boyfriend's big confession: He's hiding something.  The first few times you engaged him in gentle conversation, he stalled and hemmed and hawed, and you dropped the subject. If he didn't have any fantasies, he would have said so, but he didn't say that, did he? So he clearly has some fantasies he was too ashamed to reveal. Then, when it became clear that you wouldn't stop pestering him until he told you something, he made something up. Something safe. Something innocuous. Something that wouldn't scare you off. Something like, oh, "I wanna have sex in a bunk bed." Something that, if it were true, he would have told you during that first gentle conversation.  What your fiancé really wants, BTB, is to be peed on or suck the snot out of your nose or blacken your eyes or wear diapers. Or all at once. Or worse. But, hey, have sex in a bunk bed if you think he's telling you the truth. You can order a cheap one from Ikea and fuck on it until it falls apart—about three fucks should do it. But consider yourself warned: He's hiding something big, and you might want to find out what it is before you marry bunk-bed boy.