To clarify:  I said the Bush administration *had* a strong case, but exchanged it for weaker one.  Based on the original argument, I support a (brief and decisive) war with full and fair closure for Iraq.  The second (and current) argument, which has added that Saddam is evil to his people, that Iraq as a country is a direct threat to us, that we want to rescue the Iraqi people, is nonsense to me; there are many evil leaders, Iraq is an *in*direct threat by way of terrorists (re: original argument), and there are millions of people all over the world who are oppressed whom we don't "rescue."  To me, these arguments fail to support war, and adding them to the original argument has clouded the issue and left me unsatisfied.  I am left supporting the war for a compelling reason that has since been buried under what sells on TV.  I feel like I'm at a football game where I'm cheering for my school because I want us in the championships, while everyone around me is cheering for my school because they hate the opposing coach.  I don't care about the other coach.  I can't join in and cheer as loudly under those conditions.  As to the argument that terrorists will keep coming at us until we make it unsafe for them to operate, etc.:  as I stated before, I believe this is only half right.  If fights break out at the roadhouse because everyone's high on drugs, and we respond by arresting everyone and shutting down the roadhouse, sure there will be no more fights.  But the drugs will move to another roadhouse.  And we don't have the resources nor the will to eliminate all roadhouses, then all bars, then all clubs, then, then, then....  If we don't address the reason in some way, the only sure solution is the arresting or killing of all violent Muslims, throughout the world.  Good luck managing that.  This enemy isn't a Nazi government, a country to be contained.  They're individual people, full of anger they feel is justified, who can wander about freely like ants.  It would be mighty (darkly) funny if we elminated all WMD throughout the world, and the day after we declared victory, some random fellow got lucky and piloted a hijacked airliner into the Lake Anna nuclear plant.  For that matter, after WMDs are eliminated, what's next -- fertilizer?  If our only response is to neutralize them, we had better kill them all, every last one, quickly, utterly, completely, and erase them forever from the history books so that all their relatives and descendents will forget they ever existed.  Rage never dies, and it always finds a way.