thought this might infuriate john and chris; inspire ben and well, i guess just me and ben - Director Moore criticizes U.S.-Iraq war  March 23, 2003  |     Michael Moore criticized President Bush and the U.S.-led war in Iraq during his acceptance speech at Sunday's Academy Awards, drawing a partial standing ovation and some jeers from Hollywood's elite.   The documentary maker won his first Oscar for “Bowling for Columbine,” but he brought the other nominees on stage with him in what he called a show of solidarity for nonfiction during these “fictitious times.”   “We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elect a fictitious president,” Moore said. “We live in a time where we have a man who's sending us to war for fictitious reasons, whether it's the fiction of duct tape or the fiction of orange alerts.   Applause gave way to some boos, as the orchestra began playing to cue the filmmaker to leave the stage.   “We are against this war, Mr. Bush. Shame on you, Mr. Bush. Shame on you,” Moore shouted.   Afterward, host Steve Martin tried to restore levity.   “It was so sweet backstage, you should have seen it,” Martin joked. “The Teamsters were helping Michael Moore into the trunk of his limo.”   “Bowling for Columbine” was Moore's exploration of gun violence in America. The title refers to the fact that gunmen Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold went bowling before they opened fire at Columbine High School in Colorado, killing 12 students and a teacher before turning the guns on themselves.   Asked backstage why he made the remarks, Moore answered: “I'm an American.”   “Is that all?” a reporter asked.   “Oh, that's a lot,” Moore responded.   He dismissed the jeers he received, telling reporters: “Don't report that there was a split decision in the hall because five loud people booed.”   The rotund, scruffy-bearded activist from Flint, Mich., also directed the 1989 documentary “Roger & Me,” in which he pursued former General Motors Corp. boss Roger Smith to confront him about the collapse of the auto industry in Moore's hometown.   He's also the author of the best-selling book “Stupid White Men ... And Other Sorry Excuses for the State of the Nation,” which criticizes American politicians for favoring corporate wealth over public well-being.   Scattered appeals for peace and grim reports from the U.S.-led war in Iraq added a sober contrast to Hollywood's traditional night of glitzy self-glorification.   “In light of all the troubles in this world, I wish us all peace,” Chris Cooper said during his acceptance speech for best supporting actor for “Adaptation.”   Cooper was among several nominees, including Meryl Streep and Martin Scorsese, who wore dove peace pins on their formal wear as a silent statement about the war