in response: i am aware of the difference between the upper and lower case "republican" and "democrat."  i ignore them merely out of laziness not aesthetics but thanks for the benefit of the doubt - i am in this discourse referring to the concept  of the republican and democratic parties. and i would absolutely agree with harmony's statement that many people are beneficiaries of our lack of social darwinism in this country and are fairly unaware of it.  not many of us would survive in a truly competitive society.  and those who do believe it, in my opinion, are not only insensitive elitists but also sadists.  to ignore one group's suffering or difficulties because they do not match or compliment the most dominant or successful group is disgusting.  we can judge ourselves by how we treat the lowest of our society - i would think a vegan of all people would understand that.   however, when i hear people speak of the ethical dilemna faced by genetic counseling, i do not see the issue.  if someone can be spared the pain of illness or an impariment than let it be.  yes, yes, we get into the whole concept of how a society decides what is aberrant but really, when do we start discussing the realities of people's lives?  in my own case, as many of you know, have suffered from clinical depression for most of my life - i now take medication to control it.  if this could have been prevented before i was born, would i have approved?  you are damn right.  my depression did not build my character - it stripped away years of happiness from me and no one should have that burden placed upon them even if some intellectuals seem to want to make the world suffer in order to satisfy some form of philosophy. and neb, your questions about who runs what are just questions of policy.  what a country would we be living in if only education was taken that seriously! and yes, neb, i know you think life is a cycle but all we can do is try to do what is best - and yes, that is subjective not only to each culture but to each individual but we all have to start realizing some things are wrong.  murder is wrong.  rape is wrong.  letting people suffer needlessly is wrong.