part of the difficulty one faces with bringing such arguments to certain republican mindsets:   *sometimes*, you're dealing with social darwinists, who believe that only the strong will (and should) survive.  as they see it, the species, and society, is only as strong as its weakest link; ergo, if you continue to coddle the poorest and weakest elements of the population, they will only continue to breed more poor and weak persons.  evolution has proven time and again that when a given species fails to act or become as strong or stronger than their competitors, they soon go the route of extinction.  mind you, this is a rather extreme point of view, and i seriously doubt that anyone who subscribed to it would come right out and confirm this (at least, in political circles).  there are plenty of milder versions of this philsophy out there - and more extreme ones.  eugenics was committed to the idea that, ultimately, we should set a standard for the human race in regards to intelligence, strength and attractiveness, and eliminate any member of the population who did not meet the minimum requirements established by this standard - or at least discourage if not prevent those same members from producing offspring.  this sort of thing is done all the time to other species by farmers and their ilk; why not on our own race, some have asked.  involuntary sterilization of institutionalized mentally retarded persons continued in virginia until about the seventies or so, i believe.  it does raise some interesting questions about the short term sacrifice, long term gain strategy that miriam spoke of; if via genetics, we could eliminate all disease, physical and mental disability, etc. from the human race via the systematic use of genetic manipulation prior and during each and every human conception, why shouldn't we, for the betterment of our species?  this assumes that the genetics in question were tried and true, and took into account the need to allow for some diversity in order to prevent the human race from being wiped out in one pass by a new, never before seen disease.  as for education of and for all youth, i'm all for it - but who's in charge of creating the curriculum?  should it be creatively or technically driven?  should it be paid for on a county, state or nationwide basis, or some combination thereof?  should teachers or parents have more control and responsibility for children's behavior?  should we offer the benefits of education only to citizens of our country, or to those of others as well?    as for "the social contract which dictates that that we provide the best services we can for each member of society because that's just the ethical thing to do", it certainly sounds like a good and benevolent concept; the problem with those social contracts is that nobody has to sign them.    in the end, the policies and procedures of the nation (and the world, to a degree) are decided by rich men in high towers, as it has been for thousands of years.  there is a revolution every now and again, and occasionally the men in question are dragged out and shot; but the towers remain, and eventually, someone takes up residence once again.  without them, there can be no true order; with them, there can be no real freedom.