That's oen of the reasons why I believe in God...'cause I feel like too much happens that seems to be meant for the enlightenment of myself and others.  I know there are many people close to me who, like me, would not be the unique and thoughtful individuals they are today if not for some of the trials they endured and subsequently learned from.    Personally, I have worked toward getting my intellect and emotion on par through lots and lots of therapy.  Therapy really helps me to make the connection between those two facets of myself, and helps me to see the enlightenment I can obtain through my painful experiences, instead of just wallowing in the so-called cosmic injustice.  I could say that all the emotional battery I endured from my peers growing up was unfair, unjust, wrong, and nothing but bruises and scars on my psyche.  But somehow my downward spiral to the bottom of my emotional barrel showed me that I can go up, that if I want to keep living, I have no CHOICE but to go up.  And my intellectual side has made that upward journey a lot easier.  It's wonderful when you start to transform your pain and anger into joy.  It's not always easy, but damn it feels good when you get there.  I may not be able to do it every day, but I'm getting better and better the more I practice.  And it makes appreciating the simple yet immense joys of life and love so much easier and necessary.  I spend a good portion of my day in a state of humility and gratitude for my past pains, becaue I honestly believe that I would not know the joy I know today without them.    And having been to the bottom and back, when you come out on the other side, suddenly your priorities are so much more clear.  Losing everything emotionally helps you so much to realize what's truly important to you, if you allow yourself to reflect on the loss with more of a sense of evaluation and new perspective than in anger and resentment for having had to lose everything in the first place.  I slip sometimes, especially when I'm hormonal, so that's why I continue to go to therapy...because it keeps me in check about what's really important, especially when I start to fret about silly incidental things like my weight and my daily stress at work, things that at first seem overwhelming, but, in the big picture, are nearly meaningless.  The truly important things in my life seem to have a way of working themselves out.    I don't know if I came even remotely close to answering your question, but these are the thoughts that came out of my head when I read your post, so I hope you enjoy them. :)