Hey John!  It's weird to hear that you didn't think that people in the UK care about US politics.  The article that Ben put up was from the  Independent  and it is one of the most reputable and widespread newpapers here.  That story was on the front page.  People in Europe generally know more about US politics than Americans do, since our decisions seem to greatly affect them.  People here are terrified that George Bush is going to get elected again and when they hear things like that story, they get even more nervous.  They blame Bush for dragging them into a war that they don't want to be in.  The protest against the invasion of Iraq in London last February was the largest public demonstration that has ever occured in England.  Tony Blair completely ignored the consensus of the people, which led to his lovely nickname, 'Bush's Bitch'.  Due to Blair's alliance with the US concerning the occupation of Iraq, the Labour party might lose its power in the up-coming elections.  The Liberal Democrats have already gained alot of seats in Parliment and polls show that they will most likely gain many more.  America is a super power and right now Bush's shitty foreign diplomacy skills have angered people all over the world and caused them to rally against us.  Now the papers are saying that the US is giving Iran a deadline to prove that it doesn't have nuclear weapons.  Sound familiar?  That worked so well last time.  How that hell can you prove that you don't have something?  Any way, the majority of people here are intensely hoping that Bush will get voted out soon.  English media is typically very well researched.  The newspapers here were the first to release reports on the how Bush stole the Florida election.  Okay...just realized that I'm rambling, so I'm going to stop myself there.    On to fun things.  Nick, my boy here, is coming to the US for Christmas!  Yay.  Isn't that exciting?  He might be performing at that new comedy club in Richmond, but his agent is still working that out.  Miriam, hope you realize that you're hanging out with me when I get home, cause you have to meet him.  Okay.  That's all.