One can only hope that the debunking from AICN towards the bottom of this posting is true.  My apologies in advance for the lengthy copy/paste.  From Dark Horizons:  ******  ...We've heard about Lucas yet again making changes to the original trilogy to update it. Til now most of the rumours have been about adding additional elements like more in regards to Alderaan before its destruction and so on. The gossip reached fever pitch earlier today over the Internet but now it seems the whole fiasco has been defused. Here's the story.  First up the rumours that emerged over at The Digital Bits yesterday:  "These changes include new special effects, revised and updated shots and scenes, and new footage shot with actors Hayden Christensen (Anakin) and Ian McDiarmid (the Emperor) that would flesh out moments with their characters in the original films. For example, an aged and scarred Hayden now appears as Anakin at the end of Return of the Jedi when Luke removes Vader's helmet.   Among the other changes reportedly being made are the restoration of the original "Han shoots first" moment from Star Wars and a revamped lightsaber fight between Obi-Wan and Vader. What we've heard meshes with what we've been told before, which is that Lucas has always planned to release ultimate, "Archive" editions of these films that tie in better with the new prequels.   The main question in our minds now is this: will these changes be completed in time to appear on the DVD releases planned for next September, or will we have to wait until after Episode III hits theaters to see them? And if we have to wait, what versions will appear on the DVDs? Time will tell".  That wasn't the only site with talk of it. TheForce.Net posted an extensive list of all the apparent rumoured changes in order for the original trilogy - 22 for "A New Hope", 10 for "Empire" and 14 for "Jedi". Amongst musical cue differences and improved lightsaber and spaceship effects there's some big changes here:  "A New Hope" - A new scene which has been shot during the filming of Episode III in which the Emperor dissolves the Senate.  - The bleeding arm on the floor in the Cantina has been replaced with a non-bleeding arm because it's now canon that lightsabers cauterize wounds  - The original Han/Greedo shooting scene has been restored  - When the Death Star destroys Alderaan there's a new scene of Yoda's reaction to the disturbance in the Force that is created by all those deaths and then it cuts to Obi-Wan reacting to it as well  - Temuera Morrison's voice is being recorded for use with all the stormtroopers  - The Obi-Wan/Vader duel has been spruced up. It is much more epic and there is much more movement. A modified version of Duel of the Fates is being considered for the scene  - There's a new scene (shot during Episode III) where Darth Vader goes to Coruscant and lands his ship in the same building Count Dooku does at the end of Attack of the Clones. Except now the building is all fixed up and it is now Palpatine's palace. He meets with Palpatine to ask for forgiveness for his failure and inform him of a new potential who is strong in the Force  "Empire Strikes Back" - Tom-Toms are now CG, the Hoth battle is much more extensive.  - Temuera Morrison's voice is being recorded for the older Boba Fett and all the stormtroopers  - Ian McDiarmid has refilmed scenes as the Emperor. The conversations between Vader and Palpatine is now longer and features a few connections to the prequels  - Yoda's face is now animated in CG allowing more expression of emotions yet his movements remain the same. Also two deleted scenes featuring Yoda instructing Luke have been restored  - A new scene was shot in which the stormtroopers, after they capture Han, Leia and Chewie, bring Vader the box containing C-3PO in pieces. Vader orders the stormtroopers to bring the broken droid to Chewbacca's cell so that he can fix him  "Return of the Jedi" - Jabba, Yoda & the Ewoks are now mostly CG.   - In the battle of Endor there are thousands of Ewoks and they are more vicious than there midgets-in-suits counterparts. More bite the dust now.  - Palpatine's face has gotten a CG lift, the black blotches removed  - Sebastion Shaw who played Anakin when he was unmasked has been replaced with Hayden Christenson in make-up to make him look older. Anakin has much more dialogue. He apologizes for the destruction he caused, he thanks his son for turning him back to the light, he tells his son to rebuild the Jedi and he says he loves him and his sister. Just before he dies he says, "It is finished...".  - We see more planets celebrating at the end of the movie. We see an aged Jar Jar, who is now the leader of the Gungans, on Naboo celebrating with the people of Naboo and the Gungans. We see an old Watto, who is now unable to fly, sitting in a hover chair cheering on Tatooine. During these scenes Across the Stars plays transitioning to the victory celebration music at the Ewok tree village.  - Anakin's spirit is now played by Hayden Christenson with make-up to make him look his age. He looks on proudly at his son Luke with the spirit of Padme by his side  The full list can be found here, there's also talk that "Episode I" will also get a revamp of some sort.  Just a few hours ago though, another site has weighed in - none other than AICN who calls the whole thing an utter fabrication. Here's ' Moriarty':  "I'm going to have to call this one out as being total nonsense. This exact word for word list ran as a talkback by a guy named "Donnie Darko" several weeks ago, and that's not the first time I've seen it show up. Yes, Lucas is working on Archival Editions of the films, despite his continued denial of it in public, like at a UCLA appearance this week. Yes, there are some dramatic things they're trying. But this fanboy wish list is just not true. And the films that are coming out on DVD next fall are the Special Editions you've seen already. The ones released in '97. No changes. Nothing done to them"