Johnathan - Who said anything about a theocracy?  Would the commandments be better accepted if the one about honor no other God before me (or something to that effect) was not listed?  What is wrong with telling people to not kill one another, respect their parents, don't steal, don't bear false witness against your neighbor, and don't cover your neighbor's possessions?  I seem to recall that most states have laws against taking another's life (except for the State itself with capital punishment).  Of course, if people did not kill others, then the need for capital punishment would be greatly reduced.  Any, the principles expressed in the commandments sound like pretty good fundamentals to live by to me, and totally non-religious in nature if you ignore where they supposedly came from.    Eva - My point with the statues is what point was toppling a statue of Bush supposed to prove?  I really doubt that anyone in the US will be convinced not to vote for Bush because the people in another country don't like him.  Anyone who considers the actions of the protestors in deciding not to vote for Bush will probably have already decided not to based on many other factors.  As for France and Germany, why would they care if you toppled statues or burned their leaders in effigy?  I'm sure 90%+ of their citizens could care less what we in the US think of their leaders.  All I'm saying is that the reverse is true.  (P.S. Thanks for the trivia information on French Fries.  Don't blame me for someone way back thinking that Flemish Fries did not have the same ring.)  If the British don't like the way their PM is buddying up to the US/Bush, then they should do whatever is necessary under the procedures of Parliament to bring down the government.  If the British Parliament is anything like Israel's or Italy's procedurally, then it should not be difficult.  The British protesting our President accomplishes nothing productive.  We are not going to impeach our President because he is unpopular in England.  The last time I checked, we won a war 222 years ago so that we would not have to take orders from them.  Ben - I don't quite understand the difference between how you typed the one sentence (Free speech just does not apply...) compared to what I typed.  To me they say the same thing.  Then again, my degree is in engineering not english.  The point I was trying to make was regardless of the standard that is set for the definition of free speech, it must be applied universally to the socially acceptable topics (Civil rights) and the socially unacceptable topics (white supremacy).  Burning things in peoples yards (i.e. burning a cross in a black family's yard) is not freedom of speech, but a form of intimidation (and probably terrorism under the Patriot Act).  But, a bunch of guys in a farmer's field, with his permission, burning a cross and spouting their hate speech must be accepted as freedom of speech IF we are going to say that burning the flag is.  If a law is passed to make burning the flag illegal, then doing so is no longer a question social acceptability/unacceptability, but strictly legal versus illegal.  If someone, right now, were to burn a flag in front of me, I would not try to have them arrested because he has not violated any law.  What I am saying is that I think that there should be a law against it.  For my part, when I see someone burning a flag in protest, even if I might have been supportive of their cause previously, they have lost my support, and may have even pushed me to be against it depending on what their cause is.  Johnathan - Somewhere back aways, you were asking about other ways of defiling the flag, I think.  When a flag gets old or tattered, there are ceremonies to cover properly destroying the flag.  Under standard flag etiquette, the flag that was on top of the WTC should have been destroyed long ago, but it has now become a different type of symbol all together.