john: ok, i'm going to pick on you now.  i'm sure you're worried.  :)   concerning the legality of burning the american flag, you said:  " Burning the flag pisses alot of Americans off. However, it does not bother me as much to see foreigners do it in foreign countrys[sic]. It does bother me to see protestors in the US do it, because by doing so, they are saying to me that they do not like the lifestyle the US lets them lead.  The lifestyle that allows them to burn the flag without being arrested or shot.  "  i have no problem with that; you have every right to be pissed off, just as the protestors have every right to piss you off.  onward; you also said:  "  Flag Burning - I think it should be illegal. As I said before, it is extremely ironic that people will chose to burn the symbol of the country that allows them protest peacefully without getting thrown in jail or worse.  "  the irony is interesting, and somewhat intentional, no doubt; but more importantly, the act of burning the flag identifies the protest in question as a serious one, garnering the attention of the public that the protestors are looking for in regards to their cause.  it shows people that they're mad about what our country is doing - so mad, in fact, that they feel like burning their own flag.    " People will say that burning the flag is an expression of free speech. Hog wash. If burning something is free speech, then the KKK cannot be prosecuted for burning crosses as a symbol of what they believe.  Free speech does not just apply to the things that are considered socially acceptable.  "   assuming you meant to type " Free speech [just] does not apply to the things that are considered socially acceptable ", tell me, then, if this is what you're saying:   that americans who burn the american flag in a show of protest against US policies should be arrested, because it is socially unacceptable for them to do so, considering they're citizens of a country that lets them protest  without  being arrested.    the definition of what is "socially acceptable" is just a vague as the definition of "free speech"; more so, in some cases, given the fact that social standards differ from person to person, city to city, culture to culture... even within the US.    i would daresay that infringing on the rights of others in regards to their own individual pursuit of life, liberty and happiness is unacceptable.  that means i shouldn't be allowed to burn anything on your personal property without your express permission, whether it's a flag or a cross.  doing so on public property, though, is another matter entirely.  that means that *any* group, whether it's white supremisists or dirty hippies, has the right to express themselves in whatever way they see fit, provided their actions do not infringe on the rights of others.  this rule means i could be exposed to plenty of activities and ideas i'm not happy with; but if i am certain of my convictions, they will be made all the stronger via the comparision.    furthermore, ridiculous ideas and beliefs tend to get  stronger  if repressed, not weaker. better to let everything out into the light of day; after a day or so, you'll be able to distinguish between the profound and the poop, via the smell, if you take my meaning.