I am not a 13th century BCE Hebrew.  Nor do I wish to be a citizen of a theocracy.  The notion that humans require a deity to identify and enforce ethical behavior is absurd.  Also, note that democracy emerged from pagans, not from Hebrews.  If one shouldn't burn the flag, can one burn a copy of the Constitution?  Or the Declaration of Independence?  Should one not throw a flag away?  How about cutting it?  Or placing it in acid?  Should one not discard it out the window of a car?  Should one not draw on it?  What if I draw on a painting of a flag?  Is a painting a flag?  Or is it only cloth?  Does plastic count?  Does it have to be a rectangle?  What of flag bookmarks?  Flag shot glasses?  Flag shirts, socks, hats?  What if I am angered by the discovery of something horrible that my country sanctioned, and I want to remove the flag sticker from my car -- should I wait until I've calmed down, so the act of disposing of the flag sticker won't be soiled by my mood at the time?  Here's a quandary:  All the people protesting in Great Britain today are encouraging those who committed the latest bombings in Turkey.  *Even* if they honestly don't think they're doing so!  Conundrum Corner indeed!  yelahneb:  If Iraqis feel that they can bicker amongst themselves, but if someone tells them what to do, they want none of it.  In America, that feeling is a source of pride.  Yet we disregard Iraqis who feel that way.  Ironic, no?  The current anti-war movement lacks focus, and has not yet produced a clear thesis.  I realize it *thinks* it has, and I acknowledge the thrill and glee of joining a movement, however vague its nature -- but I have yet to hear a clear, compelling manifesto.  Which is a shame, because for all the effort it takes to make and topple a statue, it means nothing without a meaningful message.  I'm sold on the fad, but not the thinking.  A question to the Left:  Assuming that you are correct, that the war was misguided (and I am inclined to agree, to a point), what will it take for the "movement" to move into the present situation?  Protesting a war that has already happened seems rather silly.  What is the goal -- to get a leader elected who will pull everything *out* of Iraq immediately?  Surely it would be clear to a careful observer that the resulting vacuum would be even worse.  Given that -- what is the *present* strategy of the Left?  What should be done with the *current* situation?  A complete pullout?  Half?  What, exactly?  Assuming the war was wrong -- what should be done *now*?  Assuming our election was a fraud -- what should be done *now*?  Protesting occurs in the present.  Once the protested event is past, the act becomes whining.  An unfortunate, but honest truth.  What do we do *now*?  -- Nonaffiliated But Engaged in Virginia