Oops, good point, Ben - I never said who I was. Hello, everyone, I'm Nick.  My connection is via Eva - she wickedly seduced me one stormy night in Wales and has come to the UK (my homeland) to haunt my every waking hour - and the occasional one when I'm asleep, too.  I'm a stand-up comic by trade (that's what I was doing in Wales. Eva has far less excuse.).  Don't have a website, I'm afraid, but there's a British comedy website called chortle and I'm reviewed/listed   there .  Just so as not to be completely disregarding recent topics, the situation here in the UK with regards to elections is that you can take time off work to vote - not the whole day, but half a morning or something - and your employer has to let you.  I think that only applies in general elections, though (the big ones where you're voting in a new government [actually it doesn't quite work like that here, but a full explanation would take me too far from the point]).  I don't think it applies for small, local elections - which is a shame, in a way, since those are the ones where your vote counts most and you have more of a chance to really change things. It seems to me that most of our big elections (in both countries) really only afford the public the chance to ratify elite decisions; they keep the population distanced from actual policy formation whilst providing the comforting illusion that our leaders are answerable to us.  On one level they are, of course, since we can vote them out (when we're allowed to every few years) - but really those changes are pretty cosmetic.  I think the limits of the system are shown up in the following hypothesis: Let's say you introduce mandatory voting, so that there's a 95% turnout. The elected government can claim quite a legitimacy with the mandate of a genuine majority of the population. Or it would, if not for the fact that the people are effectively coerced into making the choice. So to avoid this, a 'None of the above' option is introduced. So far, so democratic.  Now, here's the dilemma: What happens if a majority of the voting population goes with the 'None of the above' choice?  Nobody running for power can legitimately take office, since the people have expressed definitely that they don't want the candidates, but you can't just leave the government empty.  What do you do? As far as I can see the system fails at this point. The powers that be can't really allow the electorate a full and comprehensive democratic choice, since there's the risk that people might use it, and that's not really what the electoral system is for.  Of course, there's already the option of not voting, or spoiling your vote, but that's fine provided those choices don't HAVE to be interpreted as 'None of the above'.  And to be honest, often a more realistic interpretation of not voting might be, "Mmmmm... My bed's comfy." Oops. A bit of a rant. Did Eva warn you about my tendency to do that?  To recap: 1. Hello, everybody, nice to meet you. and 2. I read too much Chomsky.