Hei guys, what is this, calling me as chicken and duck? If you people are really interested in such kind, sorry i am not and i wont be. So we better stop with this in our blog atleast!   And jax regarding the new layout of our blog, its good! but i feel with white background it will look still more good. Why dont you give a try! Hei sindhu, Welcome....  Nice to hear all your work related things out there!  Why are you going to resign rajesh? Ok tell me when u call up to my home this weekend! Hei only now the marriage preparations are becoming jaroor! Ya Silk saree discount has started and i am going to be busy with purcahse of sarees.  Any new designs you people encounter among your family members, kindly recommend a word of it to me too.  This weekend too was musical for me. Jax dont envy me ok! Hmmmm...... This time it was instrumental and not vocal! Guys though i dint know about it much i really enjoyed the music. Its so tantalising and soothing in that summer sunday evening under that pale white shaamiyana. Ya actually we were not for sure if the concert would be good or not. But as i had to get back to hostel, we have to start at 8 o clock from there and so were in a dilemma, but then we gave a try.   Now coming to the music concert. It was a Violin concert by Dr. N. Rajam. She really made us enjoy instrumental like anything. Though it was my first time to an instrumental concert, i could still enjoy the lingering of violin strings in my ear! When i started, i was telling him, that i wont be able to listen to instrumental and will be asleep half way down the concert....... But to my surprise i was awake every second, searching for something to understand the music and also enjoying my search. I have to depart fully loaded with enchanting music at 8 o clock!  It was not too crowded like Nithya's concert. But it was a worthy evening for me.   Before that in the morning we went to Music World and i bought one more casette of Nithyasree. Its a casette on one particular composer.(Othhukaadu Venkata subbaier, my favourite and the one who has composed Alaipaayuthey kanna song). I did see two more casettes at the concert displays, but as it was by sudha Raghunathan, so i decided to get it later!  Hei vijay come join us soon!  Ok guys will meet u later Till then Cares and shares Ranjini