Hi,    It is true that there is no data available to prove that other computer related workers rise faster in the corporate ladder than programmers. It is perfectly true that growth is more of a personal interest and proactivity. The hidden meaning is that I said most, not all programmers.     But tell me Kicha, be true to your heart and mind and tell me what chances are there for a programmer to enter into top management in a company. I admit the same chances apply to other posts also. The reason is programmers are seen with a notion that you say them something they do it. More of an command-following group. Again I have no data to back me up. I recall a quote by Mark Twain, "  There are three types of lies: lies, damned lies and statistics  ".    As for your query for course, there are indeed several courses available for other IT jobs I had mentioned. But the truth is everyone, including knowledgable persons, believe that programming is the de facto definition of an IT job. They tend to forget that it is more of a supportive job. Why, the entire industry is a supportive industry.    The reasons why the educational sector for these areas are still gray are obvious. Can you really justify that you are taught only programming. I accept that we have had labs only for programming. But we were in the science stream, you and me. Ask Ranjini about the labs she had. She can tell you lots. We had a paper called Computer System Architecture. If you had really got hooked onto the subject, you would have been a system administrator by now. There was a paper called Computer Graphics. If I had been interested, I could've become a Multimedia artist by now. The truth is that there were opportunities galore in front of us. The truth is that we never acknowledged them.     You had started your points on there being two kinds of people. You said that the 2nd type was focussed. But you ended somewhere on the lines of them being losers. Can you enlighten me on the above.BTW, which type do you consider yourself? the first or the second. Ii can tell you I am somewhat of a fifty-fifty.    I had determined not to take up a programming job, reasons being already mentioned. I was also passionate about writing, as you all know. When an opportunity presented itself, I grabbed it with both hands (writing and technology). I never rue it at all. But some think otherwise. Even last week, my friend's mom told me I was not utilising my talents. I asked her what my talents were. She said knowledge and writing. I said I am utilising it through my work. She didn't agree with me.     Really, I would like to know your views on going abroad.    Bye,    Jax.       Ram : This blog is for discussion alone. So feel free to post your thoughts about the matter. I am eager to know what you feel about this. Anyway discussions help us a lot to understand others better. Remember "empathy", "putting oneself in other's shoes" etc. So I will be waitng for yours and Ranjini's comments.       Kicha : I had given all of us admin privileges. So you can add them yourself. Anyway, don't take the trouble. I have send them the invitations. If possible, try helping them out to join the blog. If I have the time, I'll try to prepare a user manual sort of thing to help those joining us. But if any of you have the time, prepare one yourself and send it across to me for finetuning. I'll be busy for the next two days.    BTW, can anyone suggest me a good, informational site. I need it for my monthly newsletter. It should be helpful for lay persons. Because most of the people who get to read the newsletter are not always techno savvy. This is urgent. It would really be great if I get it by 1600 hrs IST.