Hi friends,   Today, I complete  one year  at Angler. I didn't know that days could rush so quick. The past one year had been a helluva an experience.   There were good times, not so good times, moments I would cherish and some I wish that had never happened at all. Looking around me, I find that there are people who had left the company in the past one year and those who have come in the same time.     Reminiscing on the past year, I've learned a lot. A lot about people, responsibilities,  expectations, organisations, clients, peers, work and most of all, life itself.     People have criticized me for choosing a line of work that is very remotely linked with my qualifications. But I believe that they are wrong. When some one asks me what I do. My reply is that I work for an IT company. Thier next question is ' As what, a programmer? ' or ' VB or ASP etc  .' I say ' No. I am a content developer .' They say ' Oh, what does that mean? '   I start by saying that I am responsible for the creation of the content or text for websites, multimedia cds,   marketing brochures etc. They say ' Oh, a writing job or a documentation work .'    God, how many times have I restrained myself from catching them by the throat and throttling them. Don't people ever understand that they are a lot of jobs in the IT industry other than programming. People have got it ingrained in thier mind that if you work for an IT company, then you are a programmer.     Frankly saying, it was this attitude of people that made me decide not to work in the IT industry as a programmer. I don't want to be one of the thousands of  nameless, faceless  people programmers in the IT industry, who are just content in developing the code for an application. Most of them don't get a chance to expand thier horizons. They are mostly satisfied in thier job role. They start as programmer trainees and move up the corporate ladder as maybe a programmer, senior programmer, team or project leader. Very few break the invisible ceiling into the top management. They get stuck into mostly the lower middle or middle management.    A few of my programmer friends might get a little upset over the above statements, but it is the truth. Coming back to jobs in the IT industry, as said earlier there are lots of other jobs that are paramount for any IT company. Web Designers, Multimedia Artists, Marketing, System Administrators, Technical Writers, Customer Support, Administration &amp; Support, System Analyst, Visualizers, Interaction/Information Designers and still a lot of technical designations I cannot remember.    By the way, my job profile includes:   1) Developing content for websites, multimedia cds, marketing collaterals (includes brochures, flyers etc.)  2) Editing the company's monthly newsletter  3) Act as company's spokesperson to the outside world(through newsletters, emailer campaigns, company marketing collaterals etc.- According to my CEO)  4) Prepare user manuals for software applications (Currently, I have not involved myself in this aspect, but will do so very soon)     Bye,    Jax.  Kicha:  Send me Rajesh's and Ganesh's email ids. Tell them about the unofficial rules of the blog.