Hei guys, you all have made me feel my day special in different ways.   By this simple and elegant wish Jax conveyed me wishes which is one of the unique wish i got today though he had sent me his gift in the form a story already!.  I liked the way Kishore, made attempts to catch me over phone to wish me though he had mailed me his wishes!   when i was waiting for Ram's wish, (the only blogger left) he came out with a most stunning card! Ya a card which carried Mother's message. How sweet!! I was really impressed. I was carried away by the sincerity with which he visited the site which i used to visit almost daily and decide before hand itself to send me a card with Mother's message on my birthday. Thank you guys. Its all your wishes and wishes from those who remembered me today made me to write yet another tale inspite of my days work. Ya All in a day's work is now becoming a part of my day's work.  Everyone's wish is as unique as they are and so do they mean a lot to me as they are very personalised and carry hearty wishes.  Ok then here is today's update!  My beloved gave me a beautiful gold pendant which has a cute hanging pearl swinging and waving to all who look at my chain! Nice it looks ya. He also gave me a bouquet of roses and a beautiful card! I love them all very much.Morning before going to office i went to srini's place, I got blessings from him! Then he took me to Domlur Perumal temple and did Archanai. After breakfast he dropped me at my office. In the evening we all (my cousin sis and her family )are planning to go to srini's house and then for dinner. I am feeling so happy today. but your greets has really heightened my spirits!    Sinoop called me yesterday evening & wished me. Then kavi also called me up. I got greetings from vinitha, ganesh and rajesh. Then ya, Rajesh, Ganesh and Manny called me up just few minutes back. It was nice talking to them. Ya one more thing to be noted here is , Manny could not attend my Betrothel because he had been to Pune for Kanbays software interview ( which i absolutely believe) and Ganesh could not attend coz, he had been to attend Microsoft interview at Silicon Valley and rajesh could not attend it as he had an interview at Singapore it seems. So i have asked the corresponding travel tickets for their proof! Krishnaaaaaaaaaa  US and Singaporea kaapathu.    Ok then will update all my events of later part of the day sometime later.  Till then  Cares and shares  Ranjini