Saturday :  Nothing seemed to work out my way. I was on leave. Home was a noisy and busy place that day with lots of relatives. Waited till evening to get away from there.   I thought that the evening would have been much better as my schedule had been booked. Nothing went right. had been waiting for the singing classes with a couple of friends for more than an hour from 5 pm. Noone else turned up. After a call to my friends, I learnt that the singing practice had been cancelled, but the choir practice was to be held at 7 pm.   After a cup of coffee and went to my friends' home. As she was going to a prayer meeting being held all night, she said she would not be able to make it to the choir practice. Somehow managed to get to the church (Church of Resurrrection) on time. Same old story. "if you can wait and not be tired by waiting.."   Except a few, nobody turned up. Myself and a couple of others have a practice of going to a church (Our Lady of Fatima) every Saturday and have some fast foods out every week. As usual went to the church.   Actually, the main reason I took leave onn Saturday was to attend the all night prayer meeting at this church. Our choir was supposed to sing there. Almost all the English choirs of various churches were invited. But due to some last minute reasons, we were unable to sing. So we decided to participate there. Only myself and my friend decided to go to the church for the all night prayer.  It wasn't meant to be so. I called him saying that I was ready to go. He said thaat he was feeling sleepy. So the day ended with a dissapointment. As I didn't feel sleepy, I decided to write a story. I wanted to dedicate this story for my friend.   It is a birthday present to her.  If anyone wants to read it, Send me a mail. I'll send it to you by mail.    Sunday :  Everything as expected. Got up late. Hurrried to get ready for Church. Made it on time. had a short practice as yesterday's practice got postponed. This week, our singing had improved a lot. last week it was a total mishap.   informed everyone about the evening practice. By 3 pm, I realized I didn't have breakfast and lunch. Rushed home. had a hearty lunch. Played "Age of Empires" and "Age of Mythology". The computer opponent didn't put up much of a fight. So I won easily.  Evening, had a singing practice. After that, we had a great discussion about education. Went back home after checking mails at 9 pm. No mails from anyone. Spent about 20 minutes deleting junk mails from my various mail ids. Spent another 20 minutes waiting for my friend to finish browsing. Went back home.  Expecting your weekend stories,   Jax  .