What to tell about the concert! Hei have you tasted Lord Rama? Ya u would have , had u come to the concert, on hearing the most beautiful song on Rama. It was quite a different experience for me. I could imagine u guys wondering about what this friend of urs is talking about! Hei guys, it was an excellent evening for me yesterday. Can u believe i went to attend Nithyashree's Carnatic Music concert which was held on the occasion of Rama Navami. Wow i cant believe it. Till yesterday morning i dint think i will go. coz kicha had sent me the schedule earlier and so though i was interested, i thought i wont be able to go coz srini wont get time to accompany me. All the time, yesterday morning i was thinking, 16th falls on friday and so srini will have leave and will take me for sure to nithya's concert . But oh what a pity it was wednesday yesterday. And i was like totally in an abyss of sorrow. But in the afternoon, i was so driven that i decided to go to concert even if srini doesnt come coz one of my colleague's house is very near to the place of concert and she said she will accompany me too inspite of taking me to that place. wow i decided to go for it and planned well. Well planned we set out for the concert. Reached the venue, Got tickets and went inside!    So many things were like new, odd and different. First thing was the punctuality. At the stroke of 6.30(the time at which the concert is supposed to start), the concert started and we dint have any kind of hassles in getting seated also. no push wush and not any kind of indecent people around, so calm, so matured were everyone. I felt they had come fully prepared to enjoy the concert with a poise and serene mind. So no hungama which I am seeing for the first time. Even applause were musical u know. Not too jarring but properly admiring the work of the artiste. Overall I liked it. The saddest part is I could not enjoy it full. The concert went till 9.30 but i had to leave at 8 as it will take atleast an hour or so to reach my place and i have to be inside hostel at any cost before 9. Even shobha (my colleague) who accompanied me for name sake was carried over by the atmosphere and "Oh rama nee naama entha ruchi" song!    Ok back to the concert! I could listen to 6 songs with aalapanas and thani avarthanams in between. Those who dont know much about grammar of CMusic, never mind these terms coz i too am not good at explaining what those mean!. No wonder I wasn't able to see Nithya from my place though we had bought costliest ticket. Coz we went just before the concert started, we dint get seats near by but it was not visibility but audibility which mattered a lot and it was quite audible. One difference I could make out was, in cassette, the voice of the artist dominates and not the instruments, but yesterday I could see the mridangam artist was overpowering or I don't know how to tell. I mean her voice sounded feeble in front of that instrumental sound. So that alone I was not able to digest. Even other instrumentalists were coping well but not that mridangam. May be becoz I am hearing it for the first time it might have sounded so too. Actually that's y I think, I dint feel the same as what I had heard it in cassette, while hearing live that "Swagatam Krishna " song, my most favourite of all.    Oh how I wished she sang  "Evarura ninnu veena" song, another song on Lord Rama, a beautiful composition by Thiagaraja and our(mine and srini's) favourite. But to my dismay she dint till I left. how sad! But she started with one of my favourite "Ekambresa naayike" song. I was carried away with that song itself. First song and one of my favourite ,in such a mellifluous voice. No guys u need to experience that rather than trying to catch the essence in words. Then she came up with some more songs in Telugu. Though they were good, due to language barrier i could not enjoy much. And i was loosening my focus. And i was waiting when she will sing my favourite with an anxiety coz i never knew if she would sing or not. but then when my interest was slowly fading, she came up with Swagatham krishna song. Oops enna voice! How nice it was!     Wow song after song, she was improving and so were the audiences straightening their bends and preparing themselves to enjoy the forthcoming delights. when the song was over, we could see Lord kirshna rejoicing his welcome like anything! Then came another telugu/kanada/sanskit song. Again other language song. Which was also i could enjoy a bit coz of same language barrier. But by the time it was 7.45. I dint feel like going. And waited for one more song. And my wait was worthwhile and so was my visit to the concert! It was a master piece. Yes , It was a beautiful song on Lord Rama! It goes like "Oh rama nee  naama entha ruchi, emi ruchi" meaning how sweet and tasty your name sounds............. Wow classic ! Now got what i had meant in my first lines of this blog page? Ya mouth watering and tasty concert!    Then it was 8 and i have to depart the place with full of music. My god, great is this music.One more thing was though I dint understand the language or the song, still it was good!! Oops another small piece, its ok guys, hope u will enjoy this too!   Cares and shares   Ranjini