Hei guys , i got the snaps which i had taken at hostel and at my workplace and with srini at his place and the ya at so many other places.  Nice they are. It will take time for me to scan them and post to u people. So wait for some more time to have a look at those ok. Hei i have taken snaps of srini too in dhoti. Its all looking so good. And ya i went to ISKCON yesterday as planned and had a nice darshan of Krishna and radhe, though it was too crowded over there. Then hurried back home and on the way gave the sweets sent by mom to srini's cousin as srini hadnt returned from office. Hei he is working now late hours to finish his project and so we are not meeting daily as we used to before. How sad! Anyway i do have other works to be done as my cousin sis and her family had turned up.    I think i had told kicha and ramgopal that i have kept some flowering plants at Srini's place. For jax, here is the list of plants i have. One red rose, one yellow rose, one white chrysanthemum, one red chrysanthemum, one pink bougainvilla, one blue jacaranda(a creeper which showers off flowers like anything during its flowering season), One beautiful red hibiscus, two red button roses, two lavender(ornamental plants), one juniper(another ornamental plant) and one marigold which shed off fully as its season was over few days back but fully flowered with its golden flowers before shedding completely. Hmmmmmm almost a dozen pots or so.     All plants used to grow well and give flowers to enchant us every now and then but not those two roses which were my darlings. But yellow rose, my most favourite hasnt given even a single bud till now, nor has the red one, srini's favourite. But you know yesterday it has given a bud it sems. woweeeeeeeeeee ........ Cant u guys see me jumping............ Ya i was totally filled with joy and merrying in my office when he told me this news over phone yesterday. Good na. After almost say 6 months this is the first bud i am encountering.    When i bought them i always had a fear that after the buds it had when we bought , the chances for the plants to survive will be very less and so were the plants behaving. I was feeling so sad and when ever i used to water them, usually on saturdays and sundays, i used to feel so bitter about them. coz i was so upset looking at a plant which pressed my heart coz it was not flowering. Actually there were one buds each in both plants when we bought and they bloomed in a weeks time and then withered away. But then they never came back again with another one when i was eagerly waiting for that delight. But now....... the wait is over. Wish i had a camera to preserve it blossom. I will take one full role on it. How desparately i would have waited for it u know. And thats what is making me to write such a big blog page. Sorry if i have bored u with all those words. Hope i havent coz i know its a small piece of sharing my sweet joy with u my dear friends!  Bye for the day  Cares and shares  Ranjini