Bon jour mes amis,    So, Rini has started on the greatest adventure - house hunting. You can learn a lot of things when you go on a search for a house. You find that there are things which you have taken for granted in the past are now hard to come by. The most interesting thing about house hunting is meeting people, all types of people (interesting and dull).     Ranjini, visit these links for info:       http://www.onlinebangalore.com/hous/reupdate/thumbrul.html      http://www.koramangala.com/korabuz/rentals.htm       One week left for your birthday and diid you get my points on your comments?      Yesterday was a holiday, one of the 9 official holidays in my company. Here is my weekend.     Sat : just working - evening choir practice     Sun : Every year, we have a "samapandhi" at our church (Sunday preceding Easter). WE used to help in setting up of the tables and chairs and serve food, first to the poor and after that to other people in the church. This is not like the annadhanam given in temples, but more of a communal lunch. Had a good time. Got tired by the time I sat down for lunch. As one of the member in the 'serving' committee, got a lt of vadais than others. Went back home at 3 pm. and watched the Ind-SA match.    Around 6 pm, went to leave my suister at Namakkal, The buses I got into were one of the slowest of the lot. Finally reached Namakkal at 10:30. Went to my uncle's house. After dinner, watched the highlights of the Brazilian Grand Prix. It was interesting to watch people just crash out. Luckily no one got hurt.      Mon :  Tamil New Year day  - Got up early, got ready to leave to Coimbatore. I usually don't have breakfast on holidays. Did the same and later realized what a fool I was. Got down at Erode for breakfast. On checking my pockets, found that I had practically no money other than for the bus ticket. After rummaging through my pockets,&nbsp; found that I had over 30 Rs. of change alone. Had a orange juice and bought an Aquafina and got into the bus. My sister had told me about this bus. very fast and no stopping on the way. Got into the front row seat, just behind the gear shaft. Wonderful view of the road. made it to Coimbatore in no time.    Coming home, found my house locked. After some time, my brother came. Took rest the entire evening playing Age of Empires. Also watched "Raiders of the Lost Ark" - interesting film.      Tue : back at office - reading three day's mails and&nbsp; -- typing this...    Ciao,    Jax.      BTW: anybody seen Saddam Hussein and his Weapns of Mass Destruction?? If yes, please inforn Bush and Blair. poor guys, been searching for him for the past one month.