Hi friends,  Fine na. This weekend, i took a step into an all time adventure. Ya i did a bit of cooking. Ofcourse nor did i  do it fully. We went to ISKCON on suday and then to one of Srini's friends place. There his friend  and we felt it would be better if we could cook and eat. So i too got into the field with full josh,  though landed up peeling and cutting onions with my eyes and nose watering.. We prepared tomato rice  I dont know exactly the frying and mixing in proper proportion part, so i restrained myself from doing the same.  Else it would have been a plate of relatives of charcoal when all people come to quench their hunger.  But then as his friend's wife was there and though she is not an expert, she did manage well and it was a nice  experience  for me too. The taste was ofcourse good my dear friends and ya it also gave me confidence that soon i will learn to cook well! Hei growing more responsible than before right!   So i do accept kicha's views.     The day before we were on house hunt in Koramangala area in scorching sun, though it turned out to be a  beautiful evening coz od the climate change.We dint get any accomodations of our likes and hopes and so  returned empty handed.  Hei guys at bangalore, u can help me out in these i beleve, Ya if u people come  across any houses in Koramangala with rent   The house if its a new one then its perfered.    Hei jax i will mail u about ur reply mail. And ya i think i might go to those bookshops and i had been recently  just a week before Had u told me before i would have gathered info by now. But never mind, i will let u know  when i go there. But its not for sure in near future. i mean i will go by next month only. Will u wait till then or is  it urgent. And if u tell me any particular audio book then i can enquire about that book exactly.   Ya lets welcome kavi to join in our blog!   Hei guys i dint tell u na, that i bought a new dress at last for my birthday. Ya i was like feeling i will forget   my bday, coz of therate at which i was interested in it. But then i landed up buying a short top in some green color.  Will get the dress today afteralteration and let you people know tomorrow how it looks.    "Iniya Tamil Puthaandu nal vaalthukkal"  Have a great time  Till then   Cares and shares  Ranjini