Hi everyone,    Ranjini seems to be making efficient use of the blog. Good going, keep it up. Ranjini, another thing, if you come across any interesting websites or articles on the web, just blog it. Just like the article of the week that you had been sending.&nbsp;     Kicha, what a co-incidence, I saw "Lord of the Rings - Two Towers" on CD for the second time Saturday night. I wanted to watch it in a theatre. But they took the movie off from the theatre this Friday.    Ram and Kicha, don't get left behind. Keep blogging. Last week, when there was a flurry of mails being sent to the groups, Ganesh had spoken to me. He did not believe that this blog was actually ours. He thought that we had ^C and ^V'ed the entries from somewhere. He said that only when he had noticewd the names at the bottom, he believed that it was us. He said that he also wanted to join. I had told him the rules: 1) Atleast more than two blogs in a week (one per day or more would be really great) 2) He would not be able to upload images( thank god, or else this blog would have become a photo gallery of Jothika).     Your comments on the above matter expected???    My weekend went as per expected lines. Saturday evening singing practice, Sunday morning church, Sunday evening practice. The only thing different this week was that   Cecilia Ohrwall  &nbsp; had come to give us a few pointers on singing. The practice sessions were totally fun and interesting. Actually today (Monday), we will be giving a small performance in the evening.     We will be singing three African songs. One song is titled "Ashikatale". You find the lyrics to this song   here  at the bottom of the page.One song is "Bele Mama". This song is a lively foot-tapping song. Another song is titled "Mwanga Ni Mwema". This song is in Swahili.     Well, I forgot to tell you all something. If this small music group takes off, we might be coming over to Bangalore to give&nbsp; a small performance. A similar group located at Bangalore will be coming over to Coimbatore to give a performance. We might be reciprocating thier visit here. So expect in Bangalore sometime in the future, but definitely within the end of 2003.    The second Gulf War is in its third week. Keeping a close watch on the developments, I found out several things. It is interesting to note that there are different versions of the same news, on by the western media and one by the eatern media. I get both versions though the western media is more prominient, CNN, BBC, NY Times... For the Iraqi version, you have   Al-Jazeera  only. Reading both versions gives one the thought that they are covering two different wars. On one, the Anglo-American forces all have but won the war. on the other, they are getting beaten black and blue.     That's all for now, keep in touch,    Jax.    Note: As I may be experimenting with the look and feel of the blog, you might get some errors accessing it. Kindly adjust. I will give prior intimation if I plan to modify it.