Hei what, all u guys kidding me like anything........ This is not fair ok. I am used to wear pant shirts from the day i stepped in to my Engg. college, though i hadnt tried anything except uniform. But i think all u people must be knowing that i wear pant shirt once a week to my office too. I wear saree twice a week, chudi twice a week and pant shirt once a week. So this makes up my outfit for a week. And during weekend i always stick with Sarees on sunday as we go to temple and on sats based on the occasion i wear either Saree or Pant shirt and not chudi ok. coz he never likes chudidhars somehow.    Ya regarding a snap of me in Pant shirt, yes i have taken a snap at my office in my official wear and if it turns out nice, then i will post it to u all guys. so kicha u need not strain ur little brain with all such things and scribble on to our blog. I will send u the snaps.    And ya Srini does wear dhoti. Wonder?! Its his one of his favourite casual wear but only at home, coz unlike Madurai here none of the youngster wear dhoti and so i have restricted not to wear it outside. So apart from that, he looks majestic in the dark grey shirt with cool dark blue bootcut jean. I always prefer him in jean and so does he. He has a very good dressing sense and never lets me dress shabby as i used to do earlier. It should be a proper one, then only he will be satisfied, else i need to change. And so does he dresses too. He dresses both trendy and conventional. Both suits him properly, though i always prefer to see him in Dhoti. Infact i was the one, who got him dhoti at ISKCON. He has got me so many modern outfits, like 7 tops and 2 pants for me. But i have got him only one dhoti and one shirt till now. Planning to buy more in coming days.   Hei people, i had bought a brand new Samsung camera for my elder brother karthick for his birthday and i have taken snaps using that only. So first trial, i dont know how its going to turn out. Let me wait and see. Till then u too guys should wait .    I dint get fooled by ramgopal's first message. But the second one, the cursor play was so cute. I enjoyed it, though i had to log off to get back my cursor as my job involves working on black background and the cursor is in black color.     Hei jax, send me ur story man without fail, i think today after noon i will b a bit free. So will read and pass u comments.  Till then cares and shares Ranjini