For me, the weekend was as good as it used to be. We went to Domlur chokkanatha Perumal swamy temple on saturday morning and then Srini went to office as he had to.then i came home and had a nice little nap till i was awakened by a phone call ringing and some body yelling from a far away place "ranjini call for u". I went downstairs and picked my phone with a big yawn. In a disinteresting voice i said "Hello" and the other end it was Srini.   I was surprised coz, srini said he would come back late. And calling me at 5 o clock? Then what, he said lets go for a movie and i said no way........ But what to do, will have to sacriifice all such small myths about theatres at least at this point of time na. So said ok. Ofcourse we were not sure if we would get ticket for Lord of Rings - II. He gave me just 15 mins to dress up and come out of the house and by that time he would catch a rick and wiat for me near by.   So dint know what to wear, coz morning i had dressed up my violet saree in north indian style and so if i had to go for it then it would be late. So i voted for Pant shirt. I always like the cotton boot cut which he bought me first. Its in pale white color and he had bought me an orange top for that too. But that combination i wore on friday. So was getting bugged up wearing that again.Then what, i thought for a while and remembered that he had bought me a trendy cotton top with blue embroidery.   So though i thought it wont go much with my white bottoms, i decided to pull it over. got ready soon and then rushed out. He was surprised to see me in that outfit and all these days i havent wore this top even once though he had bought me this top some 6 months back. I dint wear coz i dint have any proper bottoms for that. Really i felt it was looking good on me.   Enough of my tales, and now back to movie. Oh we went to Symphony theater and u should see the crowd ........ aaaaaaah , as we both are lone hunter, we scurried from that place as early as possible and the show was house full. So to his dismay and my joy, we dint go for movie. Then we went to commercial and bought a nice chudi material for my sis and then came back home.  So went saturday.   On sunday we both after praying, went to ISKCON temple and as i had already told kicha, its become a routine for us to pray on sunday for a while and then go and have nice aarthi of Lord Krishna at ISKCON. Then came back home and i got back to hostel in the evening.  So did my weekend go!