Bon Jour mes amis,  It is good to hear from all of you.   Ranjini : Where are the snaps? Did you put in Yahoo! photos or did u mail them to me?    Sindu : How was Dreamcatcher other than scary? Horror movies are supposed to scary not funny like our Tamil horror flicks. Heard it was a wonderful film. I didn't have the time to put the page numbers. I can do it only in the weekend.   Valli : I need a lot of things. But you can't get me all of them. If I require anything, I'll let you know. Right now, I would love to get a copy of Microsoft Office 2003. It is available free from Micosoft website. But includes a shipping charge of $19.95. I don't know your exact location, State, zip code. So I could not calculate how much it would cost you. Maybe you can also check it out at the   Microsoft website . Maybe Ganesh has got it for his company.   The Microsoft OneNote beta cd was functional. I installed it and it worked very fine. Microsoft says I can use it till November. That is still 6 months away. Hoping to spend the next few weeks putting the s/w through its pace. My writing mind decided that I had to write an article on OneNote. Let us see if I have the time.   Kicha : Maybe you can contact my cousin, Alex at Bangalore. He works in IBM. His mail id is  jraymond  at in.ibm.com or ibm.in.com. I forgot which. Please check it out.    Ram : Seem to be working very late at your office. I think your aim of sleeping for only four hours has come true. What figures were you mentioning to Kicha? The ones on paper or the ones on road?   Ganja : Good to hear that you are keeping yourself fit. I get to play cricket rarely nowadays. Looking forward to hear more of your crickexploits.   Hey, I had asked you all for suggestions for a birthday gift for my friend. I still haven't received it yet. It is tomorrow (May 21). I only have a story that I wrote for her with me. Ranjini has already read it. I'll send it to the others later.  I wanted to give something in the materialistic format. I had thought of buying her a pair of shoes. But I cannot, because last night her brother called me and said that he was going to buy her shoes. So, we went out last night to buy her shoes. I never knew that girls had so small feet. Also never knew or understood how they wear those high heels or stools or platforms. Saw a lot of shoes last night. Luckily, her brother knew what she liked. Black coloured shoes with straps and little or minimal heel length. Our half an hour search ended finally. But I felt that ash grey or silver coloured shoes are nice as they are neutral colours and will suit any dress. As said, now I cannot buy her shoes.   One idea is to buy her a bag, what do you girls call it, handbag or pouch? Still contemplating other gifts also. Your suggestions are welcome and please make it soon.   Adieu,