Hei, I have got speakers in our dept. but nay not to my system. Ya we are not supposed to listen to songs I believe and our company hasn't just grown up till to the fact of allowing its employees to listen to songs as we work. Anyway for testing, we got two speakers and finally after a much longer struggle, I could download one of my favourite song on to my system's hard disk. Guess what song it is? I bet u people , u cant. Coz u would have not heard me speak about it even once before.     Ya have u guys heard, "Bhavayami Gopalabalam" song by M.S.? Its in Pancharatnamala composed by Annamacharya. My god, how divine her voice is! Ya I first listened to the same song by Bombay Jeyashree. I never felt an attraction, though I like her voice too and find her to be one of the best upcoming vocal artist. But then when I listened to the same song by M.S. once, just once, it stuck to me so hardly that at last it drove me to find speaker and then download a 4.4 MB song for almost more than an hour spanning for two days and then listen to that blissful song today morning as I start my day! By the end of the day, I think I would have learnt the entire song. Such a song, which I think I have never heard....... I really wonder, still how many such songs or much more beautiful than this song are there which remains still unheard by me. Oh god, wish I hear to all those songs during this life time itself. How jealous of me na. (To others who werent into early blog list, my words might sound a bit mystical as i talk about Carnatic music, but jax, kishore and Ram are used to it and hope u all will in near future).   Hei now a days i go to concerts too. Ya last week on Wednesday, i happened to go to Unni krishnan' concert. Before I had no liking towards his voice as its too soft for a guys voice. And my likes were of those who had a solid voice like Sanjay Subramanyam (one more upcoming male vocalist). I have always felt that though there was sweetness in Unni's voice, there is no solidity in his voice. But ....... But that day, on his live concert, u should see the way he majestically expounded to us the world of CMusic. Never have i heard of even a  single song in CMusic sung by him. But then i was ably carried by his Highly Masculine, rich in solidity and glorious voice of his. Of all the four concerts i have attended till date i rated this to be the best (note:even better than Nithyashree Mahadevan, my favourite). Then just imagine how enjoyable that evening should have been!   Then coming to this weekend, Saturday I slept like anything till 10 o clock and then remembered of poor srini, who would be waiting for me to turn up, so rang up and told him that I would come and meet him around 12 o clock. He too had to wait and I went there. I was wearing a new cotton saree and I was looking like a scare crow in it. So frightened Srini and his cousins as the saree was not staying with me but always sticking a yard away from my body and srini's cousins started kidding me asking, if I am wearing a gown or what. Even when I sit, I had an aura of my dress around me. So sent srini to get a new chudi which I had given for stitching to a tailor near by srini's place. Oh , he too went on that scorching sun and got it for me and I felt relaxed only when I had fitted myself into that.   In the evening, we went for shopping to commercial and got 4 chudi materials fata fat in just half an hour and came back home coz I was feeling tired. (Coz I wanted to sleep a bit more) Sariyaana thoogu moonjinnu srini kitta irundhu thittu vaangatha korai thaan.   So did I spend my Saturday and then comes the asusal but always special Sunday. I started my day early and did bit of washing and started to srini's place. On my way I got some nice red & pink roses and two stems of gladiolus and two stems of Tuber rose for our prayer. After prayer, as usual we went to ISKCON temple. From there we went to one of his friend's place. He has brought his wife and kid after delivery and we had a nice time cooing and playing with the kid. Dint know how time passed away and it was evening 4 o clock. Oops we had plans to go to BalaMurali krishna's concert, but we thought it would be late and so decided not to go for it and came back home. After a long time, we got time to talk as now a days we don't find time, though we meet often, we often talk regarding our daily activities and nothing useful. But then, after long time we enjoyed talking something useful. Oho, my Sunday is also over and I need to prepare for my Monday!  Ya i came to office as usual and read blogger and started keying in this blog...... Ok then will mail u later Ranjini