Hi all,  Good to see a flurry of posts in the blog from Valli, Kicha and Ram.  My replies:   Valli : Valli, Glad to read your comments (that too from a SCO). I feel you must have read the story as the pdf file.   Did you print it out and then read it?   Becasue the pages would appear sort of flowless if you read it online. You should have printed it out and then read it. But then, I made a mistake of not including page numbers. If I had done so you have been able to print and arrange it properly before reading it. Anyway try reading it out after printing it it out. Same advice to Sindhu and Rini.  Other don't worry. I'll let you have access to the files. I have put it online at Yahoo! briefcase. But right now, I have made it a private briefcase. once I have make it a public briefcase, I'll inform the link. You too can read them.   Kicha : Your suggestion for the empty box is valid. My arguments against it are:  1) As the content for the box had to be permanent (i.e. not to be modified at all or will be modified ocassionally a la members list), having the news there would be say a waste of time. 2) But as you said, maybe something like events that involves most of us say for example, Rini's upcoming marriage, an online chat could be put there. It could serve as a reminder. 3) talking of chat, I found a   link  at Yahoo! that will tell if a person is online or not. It will display an icon, if the user is logged into Yahoo!. Say for example, i have logged into Yahoo!, you are reading the blog. My Yahoo! icon will show that I'm online. Still haven't tried it out. Maybe we can colloborate over it, we can try to implement it.  4) The Blogrolling section is a trial version. You too can create your own blog roll. This section will mostly contain sections that I am interested in, say, a sort of My Bookmarks. if everyone creates thier own blogroll, we can have a separate section for each one of us with our names. This decision is left to everyone in the group. As I have to update only my links section only at   Blogrolling.com , I need not touch the template code at all except to add the html code once when i set it up.   Ram : That was quite a big post. As Ram had added his location of posting, I think that is a very good idea since this blog is updated from several countires, (an international blog). Sometime back I had written about Geo URL.  There is also another thing known as warchalking. In our case,   blogchalking , Visit to know more.  bye,