After a long time, I enjoyed watching a part of nice Indian innings. As they dint surf channels often at my hostel, I was able to maintain my interest else, I would not have seen....... When I went hostel yesterday, Tendulkar's innings was over and it was Ganguly and Kaif who were batting. Though I had missed my favorite's play, Sourav never made us feel dull. All were telling, we wont be scoring more than 250( when I started watching it was 198/2 in some 42 over or so) but for me I was telling they will surely score more than 260, coz Kenya is not such a strong team and still over to go and we guys usually bat well in last five over and had the pitch been nice, then no doubt we would have crossed the 300 runs mark once again. But still last five over really it was nice with 3 sixes from Gang and one splendid effortless six from Yuvraj! Finally the score was 270 , more than what I had expected!    But all these shots if they could replay with aussies then we can win! Lets wait and see. Somehow these guys are playing well and they are thru to finals. But it will be really lovely to see Ganguly lift the cup along with Sachin holding Man of the tournament award(which is for sure as he is the top run scorer with 669 runs to his credit in just 10 matches of this tournament) . Wish sachin to display his game once again as he did in Sharjah few years back and help us lift the trophy same like before.   When Ganguly hit a super six, One caption was nice among audience displays, which is like "Beware of Gang of Ganguly". During India Pak match also they had some display which was also nice it seems. It was like "World peace for everyone and World cup for India." Last few over was really a nice feast to all cricket lovers.   I dint see kenyans batting and so went upstairs and was reading a book " flowers and messages" and then went off to sleep as I was feeling so drowsy. Then got up and got back to the daily activities and now at office , mailing u as I am bit freeeeee.   Only two days to go for the world cup finals and u guys are interested in war! Sorry i am in a sporting mood...........