Thanks for your comments and have a nice weekend, Valli.   It is true I made some things up. I left a lot of clues for you to find out. I had twice contradicted myself on your comp. config. The bit about currencies. I said UG lab while an associate prg is only for graduates. I thought you would notice things like these.    The vending machine part is true. There is a vending machine to your left. I said I don't know the exact distance. It might be two metres away or two thousand kilometres away. So if you keep going to your left, you might find a vending machine either in the next building or the next or the next... BTW don't follow the "keep to the left while driving".    About the "IA & ID" prg, only a few universities in the world have it. Just enquiring if yours was one.   Hope you would watched "Alaipayuthey". Do you remember the scene when here is a "ponnu parkkum" scene for Shalini's sister. The "mapillai"'s brother introduces himself. Remember... Read the following sentence in that style.  I will be doing my masters degree in communication and journalism at Kamaraj University this year.  Finished reading, come back...   I wanted to tell this news earlier but I had a doubt whether I had submitted my TC and provisional to my office. Spent the last two days searching for it. Found it yesterday night only. So study for two years.  My fellow MSITMians, some news for you. MKU has started M.Phil courses in Computer Science this year. Guess what, MSITM is eligible. So those of you willing to do thier M.Phil, you've got three options,   ->  M.Phil. Computer Science  - Fees: INR 12000, payable in lump or two installments (6250 each). ->  M.Phil. Management  - Fees: INR 6000, payable in lump or two installments (3125 each). ->  M.Phil. Entrepreneurship  - Fees: I don't know  All above courses are of one year duration.  The applications are being given, INR 200 by post or INR 150 in person.  My MCJ (Master of Communication and Journalism) fees are a very paltry for a two year course - INR 1985 per year.  The SW monsoon has begun, they say. It is raining here. Sorry, Drizzling steadily, not raining heavily. I started from home to my office at 8:03, a distance of 1.5 km or 1 mile. By the time I arrived at my office, I had    -> escaped skidding off on three to four occasions -> missed hitting two to three persons who choose to come in front of my vehicle instead of the lorry coming behind me -> refused lifts to atleast one person.   Arriving at the office, I have to be careful as the mosaic floor put up in front has a tendency to remind people of friction. Many people have understood the laws of physics on that floor, especially on rainy days. It doesn't end there. I run up three flights of stairs up to my office and then swipe in my id card. The time would be 8:05:54. I made it with five seconds to  spare.  A week had conme and gone. So what are your plans for this weekend? Mine is as usual, church, browsing, computer or tv. If anything interesting happens, I'll let you all know of it.  Yesterday, my net connection was down since afternoon. It still is at the time of composing this. Malaiikaga browsing centre pakkudhilla odhungunaen, I saw my friend there. She had come to see her results. She read out Valli's post to me. She seemed interested in our method of communication.  As we make multimedia CDs, I develop the content for voicevers that come in the cd. The irony is that the person who does the voiceover gets over 10k for half an hour's reading while the poor developer (myself) get only a fraction of that amount.  more from me later,