From the pages of our history...    Time: Tuesday, June 11, 2002 Location: CED Campus, Madurai Event: Project Viva   It was almost 4 months after we all had met. The exams got over on Feb 26th and slowly we parted for our project. And it was at this time that we met for once... and for last. The day when the entire class was present. No one was trying to escape out into city bunking the class... after all, we were all waiting our turn into the Audiseshiah hall/Old Lab-IT incubater to take up our viva...  As people walked out with a blushing smile... there were people swarming around him/her and wondering what happened "inside". And some waiting with bated breath and turning the pages of their documentation like the last minute hunting for points to remember during the exam days... Atleast 6 or 7 cameras including one digital,  that were capturing this final moments of an era. Yes, it was never going to happen again. The class to its full strength and everyone raring to have their go...  With some emotional moments also... (well, not quite ;-) ) some tears from a few people's eyes... and looking back they'll now know, how silly they were to cry...  and a final dose of Gowri Ganga and the famed walk thru the railway station... as the sun began to sink for the day... the noises too began to diminish... there were the really emotional touches of bidding adieu to their dearest buddies... just hoping that sometime later in life they might meet again and spend some great time as they did here...  All the world's a stage. It was fortunate for all of us to have played a part together in that scene called MS(IT&M)... and now, we are off to move to the next scene and a new part to play and new persons to play with... But the impact the earlier scene has created on all of us is here to hang on to us for long.  The very fact that there are still so many around to read this expression of mine, seems an indication that the scene is, after all, not over... and that the Part-2 of it is still continuing ... and may it continue for long...