Hi,   Color : Getting a right colour combination is a headache. As I had said, there will be corrections to the blog now and then. The older one was nice with just grey and white. Stil trying out various colour combinations. if you out there know of any good colour combinations, help me out.    Font : The font used for the title is "trebuchet ms, times new roman, monospace". I agree Monotype Corsiva would look superb for the title. But the problem is a MTC is a cursive font, which not many systems came installed with. That's why generic fonts have been used. Anyway I'll try to add it to the title. If someone doesn't have MTC installed, then they will have to adjust with trebuchet ms or times new roman or monospace.   -    Fixed.     Font spacing in title : I'll try adjusting the letter spacing a little bit.  -    Fixed.    Empty space : The space after Menu box is intentional. It is present to allow resizing of the window to any size. The size of the boxes are as follows: Blog content: 50%, First sidebar (the one with the Archives section): 30%, The second sidebar (Menu, Info..): 18%. It adds upto 98%. The remaining 2% includes the empty space + paddings and margins for the other boxes.  If you still don't like it, then you've got to talk to Bill Gates and ask him to improve CSS support in IE.     Layout : The Layout used is known as a "Liquid layout". If I start explain about it, I would be going on and on. So the best place would be Google. Try searching for "liquid layout" including the quotes.  But remember that this layout is not 100% liquid. It will liquidise upto a certain limit only.  BTW, today Google has launched its India specific version @    Google India  .   Horizontal Scrollbar : About searching for the horizontal scrollbar, it is really funny if that happened. But the above liquid layout information might explain it better.   Borders : Regarding borders for the boxes, If it is not present it gives an appearance of patches all over the blog. so it is required. Also the different color is my fault, I forgot to change the colour of the Archives sidebar.    Green : It's true about the green colour. I'll look into it.  -    Fixed.    Blog content being cornered : Actually it is not. AS said earlier, the blog content takes 50% of your screen space. I don't think it has been cornered. I woulld say that it is dominating.   Centered layout : I started with the centered layout, but later on changed my mind. I wanted to put the blog content on the rightmost side, but decided against it.   Menu : Menus ought to work in almost all browsers. I hope you aren't using  NN4 . It might also be that the corresponding link is being displayed on the screen. Try hitting Alt+C+Enter. Does a new mail window popup? If not, inform me, I'll look into it. The best way to check out the menu is ensure that the item you need is not on the screen and then use the access keys to navigate to that module. Say you go to the bottom of the page and then hit Alt+A+Enter, the screen should focus on the About Box.    Ad appearing on the top : If someone sends me USD 15 every year, I can remove the ad from there. More details: visit  here . Sorry, nothing can be done about it right now.   Viewing source code : Try again... If you still can't see the source code, log into blogger and click on the Template button and then the Main Template button. You still got admin privileges. Copy the template to a text file locally. I've explained a few things in the template. Go ahead and take a look at it. But please don't make any changes to the template.    Counters : There were two counters on the page earlier, One showed the visitors to the page. It was present in the Info box. It is still there the last time I looked. The other gave statistics and other details. I didn't copy it to the new layout. It will be done soon as soon as I get the source code for it.   Thanks for spending your time picking apart the blog and sending your suggestions, I'll try to implement as much as I could after getting everyone's suggestions and ideas.