Hai All,  Welcome back Rini, Welcome, Thanks a lot for your understanding..... yes a long blog from me....  Coming to Tamil, ofcourse Sindhu is right!!!... But frankly saying Jax is Very correct...... Most of us want Tamil to be everywhere........But none of us are patriotic to Tamilnadu even to India....( IN GENERAL )  We cant compare our patriotism towards the language as like JAPANESE... They are really revolutionist... They have only Japanese as their way of commun. but still doing good, and had entered into developed nation category (as said by kicha) only because of their patriotism.... They have all the technology books available in Japanese... but where come here at TN... We cant even step out of TN within India itself...  Instead of striving hard for language... strive for growth, eradicating illiteracy _ unemployment _ poverty and antisocial activities....  I Feel Hindi can be made compulsory all over India apart from First language and second language till 8th standard...  After completion of SSLC first language is not at all necessary...except for those specialising over that....  But in +1 & +2 there should be debate among students on current topic alternatively in English, first language and Hindi for 1 hour in a daily basis... This will certainly improve their GA as well communication.... (if possible in college also in a weekly basis)  So that they can roam freely all over the world, nation and state cheerfully....  By way we Indians are more complacent & lethargic....I recently read the book "CYCBTH"....(Guesses Please....) Author Arindham Chaudhri... such a fantastic book which speaks about Theory I Management practices which ought to be followed in Indian Orgn.  Yeah Valli U r 100% Right..... But r u really happy with only that package.... if so... (after your reply)  Comming to Prof. Raja Govindsamy's Classes on Mission statements....  Have a look at     Own a Mission   More later....  Rini, v r ready 4 taste ride but not 4 test ride.... (JK)  Cheers.