Hi guys, Hello to every body out there! Wow i am back to work after my wedding! Days ticked off like seconds.Only 21 seconds? no it was not enough for us. Ya our wedding went on well and we had a nice time feasting and partying with friends and relatives. Good was the entire event with everything going as desired and smooth as my beloved holds my hands for ever!  Yes, all the wedding snaps have come and all our friends are looking good! and ya i am yet to scan the snaps and so you people might need to wait a bit before i upload the pictures! I was happy to see many of the faces which i had seen a year back! Good was the ear ring which our friends had presented! It was a big gang ofcourse throbbing the center stage when they came to gift! Waves of laughter filled the dias with hearty wishes rising from the lips ,colorful handshakes and beaming smiles adulterated with mild tears making the moment more gripping and solid in my memory! Ofcourse it also made me pass a string of thought to all those who werent there but yet were remembering me and sending me love from far where they are! These fond gestures made me feel elated though i had shared only few moments with all of them and dint even have time to tell hi to all the individuals separately. but i could see them how considerate they were to understand me and be with me! Glad and gifted i am to have such a mob of friends. Thank you friends for making me feel so special!   We went to Munnar and came back Sunday morning only.Munnar is really an exotic place for those who love nature! Good was our trip jeweled with fond memories of seeing so many flowers which i thought i might not see at all live in my days! Beautiful was our place of stay and so was my Srini too, competing with nature! To grip those moments, i have wrapped him in photos which are yet to be unwrapped from fotoshop.   Hei guys, from sunday onwards, i have taken up a new venture! Guess what?  Ya i started cooking , first i did Venpongal. I am not afraid, but sometime, my hand trembles a bit for the lack of experience when i add salt or oil........... They say it tasted good. I mean him, his friends, cousins and my friends and cousins. Afternoon i dint cook and we had it outside and for dinner, i prepared chappathi and srini prepared dal. It was tasty too i believe as srini told and so did i tell other friends of his! Anyway cooking comes only by experience. Yet to learn more!  Once learnt i will invite u all for a taste ride! till then its bye for now!