Hi all,  Interesting to see a discussion after a long time. I certainly agree with Rajesh on many of his points. Yesterday I faced a similar problem only this time; I had to translate from Tamil to English. I found it difficult. I have not completed it yet.   The political parties are making a hue and cry over declaring Tamil a national language. If it is declared so, then will other states start teaching Tamil? Definitely not. Soon we might have 30-35 national languages. Think of the country, already with Hindi as the national language, you and I cannot understand what someone from Bihar is saying or vice versa. I think those in Bang. can explain how it feels to speak Tamil in Karnataka. I really wonder how Valli & Sinduja are faring in an alien land.   As Rajesh had said, it is up to us. But the problem is that people have a mindset. They believe that you can be well off only if you go to foreign lands alone. So, what they do is that they try to adopt foreign customs without understanding what they really mean. But they also want their children to be culturally attached to our values. This creates confusion in minds of children. They don't know what to follow and end up following nothing. They know neither Tamil nor English. I remember a scene from the movie 'Minnale'. Madhavan, Vivek and a few of his friends will be having a thanni party. One of them will start off in English. Then Vivek will ask him to write a leave letter. Hope you remember that scene. It starkly portrays the modern generation. That includes you and me.   I know a lot of Anglo-Indians, lots of close and dear friends. I found out that most of them really follow the values of Tamil culture. They find it better than their own culture.   As for Tamil as a language, No political party can lay claim to it. It belongs to the people.   Bye,  ØÂÕ¿ÀÓ ÀÔ¿Ó   P.S. if the above line appears as junk, it is due to the problems that Tamil faces, just as many dialects being present in Tamil, there are several fonts for Tamil. I remember a few years back, there were talks of creating a unified font for Tamil, I don't know if it has been done yet. If someone knows of it, then we can use it to display a few messages in Tamil. The above line is my sign in Tamil. Bye, expecting other views from everyone.