Microsoft Readies Its Answer To Autonomic Computing spacer By John Foley, InformationWeek  spacer Microsoft next week will unveil its answer to autonomic computing, a software architecture and application-development approach called the Dynamic Systems Initiative. The first technologies to support the concept will be delivered as part of Windows Server 2003 when the operating system ships next month. Other elements will surface in Microsoft's development tools, applications, and management products over the next few years.  The initiative represents Microsoft's attempt to provide a software environment for data centers that's more automated and efficient and less complex. "We're starting to deliver the plumbing that's necessary to do that," says Bob O'Brien, group product manager for Windows Server 2003. "We really see this as a dramatically different approach."  Up first are new tools in Windows Server 2003 such as the Resource Manager, which gives more control over CPU and memory utilization, and Virtual Disk Service, for managing storage area networks. Next will be technology called Automated Deployment Service, to be unveiled next week, that will support what O'Brien calls "intelligent provisioning" of Windows and related software for faster setup on servers. If it works as promised, ADS, developed by Microsoft Research, will cut the time it takes to deploy servers from days to minutes, O'Brien says. Another related technology to be delivered this year is the virtual machine software that Microsoft is acquiring from Connectix.  Microsoft's approach to data-center automation will require the participation of hardware companies, other software vendors, and systems integrators. It also means developers will need to think differently about the applications they build by designing software that runs across a more flexible infrastructure. "It's going to extend the way they build apps to include more intelligence in them via an additional design surface," says O'Brien. Microsoft will describe the ramifications for application development in upcoming conferences, though no changes to its VisualStudio.Net tools are expected this year.  spacer