Hi, Out into the deep for a whole long week. Friday of the week-before, boarded the traditional Tuticorin express to madurai along with Rajesh, Swetha and her sister Sonia (sans "Antonio Mano")...   Saturday 5-7: Got a TV at my house. Samsung Plano Bio with 300 watts output...   Sunday 6-7: At rini's marriage. Met a lot of our friends. Covered by a few nostalgic tears, we went to Gowri Ganga that night for dinner before I sent off the chennai people in Pandian Exp.  Monday 7-7: Slept almost the whole day. The only time of the dayt I didn't sleep was when I was taking bath and doing some other indispensable chores.  Tuesday 8-7: Boarded Pandian Exp. Last time I boarded the train was when I went to take up the infy test... more nostalgia...  Wednesday 9-7: Landed in Chennai and off to VisBabu's house to wake him, bala and ajayan. Remined me of "Sangeeth" days when I wake them all up at 6AM...  Thursday 10-7: Went to attend a marriage. Ate heartily. The only  trouble was it was so hearty that there was no place for my heart to pump out blood...  Friday 11-7: Dragged bala and ajayan to Infy's Chennai Development Center. The last time I walked in there was for my interview... this time it felt awfully ecstatic to walk in righteosly... more reasons to be nastalgic. I met all my training batchmates. This time the trouble was that, the nostalgia was so much that my nose had even forgotten to leave out a few breaths of air. So, all the air accumulated inside my tummy. They got acted by some MealBananoCokicDewic acid and my tummy was proactive enough to flush out all the DiHydrogen Monoxide in differnt colors and odours. This celestial phenomenon needed a tablet shaped tablet and some holy water to take a detour.   (whatever u understood don't ask me to explain this in simple  words...) ;-)))  Saturday 12-7: Went to The Beach. Cudn't find any Leonardo DiCaprios, But were able to see some Titanics and many Kate Winsletts (esp. one yellow tintedly dressed one)  Sunday 13-7: Met Ganja and Rajesh and went to "Kaadhal Konden" film. An avial of Darr and Aalavandhan, but better much much than the latter... and boarded the Banagalore mail along with other mails and reached here this early morning... and just finished typing my post to the blog... and now on to the post...  Hi, Out into the deep for a (...etc.....etc.......etc......etc....).......