Kavitha is saying..........thru me...........coz of net server pblm. @ infy    > Dear All, > >       Hope all are doing fine.We had a Great Weekend.I will start the story from saturday.Myself,ganesh,sam & Vijay went in Nellai Express to Madurai. By Luck I got into the train at 8.58PM.If I was 3 mins late I wud have missed the train.I had attended one of my friend's marriage in Anna Nagar.So it took time  to come to Egmore after attending the reception. > >       We reached madurai at 5.30AM. Guys went to the room booked for them.I went to philo,shantha's place.Sindhuja was staying there already.We started chatting...chatting...Then it was late.Then Sindhu&myself reached the venue at 9.45AM.We met sangeetha,Karthiga's,vasuki,swetha,rajesh,vinod,sandil,vignesh,ajayan,mahen there. It was great to see a bunch of our classmates there in one place after a long time& in a spl occasion. > >     Shobi didn't turn up since she had to attend her cousin's wedding.Kathu karthi is going to finish her M.Phil soon.Rajesh came to marriage with a palmtop.Ganesh cell was rotating between us.Sottai was talking to someone(have to find out soon who is that.. shanthi or priya) for hours.We took snaps. Hope all the snaps will be up soon. > >     Ranjini is so cute in yellow saree & in that marriage outfit. She looked like real mami in madisar...We had great lunch and we r just talking&talking while the marriage rituals are going on.Then we met rini at nearly 2PM.We gifted a Gold Earring(which is in Red velvet surukkupai to Srini&Rini).Then after 1/2 hr we left the venue.Philo&shantha came for the marriage after sometime since they had to attend someother marriage on the same day.I expected few others also for the marriage.We went to our places and got refreshed .Then  we(ajayan,Mahen,Kishore,sindhu,vijay,sam & myself) went to Meenakshi amman Temple.But the we cudn't see the pooja since they r preparing for it.It was late for sindhu..so we left the temple after sometime.After a long time I am so happy to get Madurai Malli(My favourite).Ram..u only not there,Last time when I came to madurai we only went to the temple..do u remember? > >     Then Sindhu left to turicorin.We had dinner in our Gowri Ganga(Few alterations in hotel).Vinod kannan,ganesh and Rajesh joined us for dinner. Then Myself,Ajayan,Mahen,vijay,sam,Ganesh left to chennai.Yesterday Kishore&Bala also came to chennai.Bala got transferred to chennai and kishore is in leave. Hope vinod kannan is also in chennai by this time..He is here for one training.Rajesh is also here.. > >     Ganesh gave resignation to reliance Yesterday.All the Golden Days are gone!!!!!!!!!!(No conferences...so sad..).We will pray some of our friends will join in reliance soon. Hope this weekend..a small bunch of MSITM will be here in chennai.Bangaloreans...don't envy us.Kishore will be coming to my office on friday.Hope bala& ajayan too. > >    Sindhu!!! This is too much.25 Degrees it's too hot-a????  In chennai if it's 25 then we will feel the climate is too good.But now in chennai it's cool only.There is no msg from murtuz for long time.Bangalore Guy's ask murtuz to post some msg in our groups. I got to know that swetha joined in American Express in rini's marriage only. Just update with the happenings if you get to know some news.Valli...seems u r too Busy with your studies.One of our projectmate returned from onsite today..we r expecting the chocolates by tomm.> > >    Jax,If you want then you can get 'Conversation with God' from kicha after he finished with it.Hope it will take time for me to finish the other book. See you all soon in next blog.Till then bye..