Once there was a conductor, of a bus, who was very rude to his  passengers. One day a beautiful young girl, of around 18 years,  tried to board the bus, but the conductor didn't stop the  bus.Unfortunately the beautiful young girl came under the bus and  died on the spot. Angry passengers took the conductor to the  police station, who in turn took him to the court.The judge was  not at all impressed with the conductor and gave him capital  punishment, i.e. to be electrocuted. He was taken to the  electrocution chamber. There was a single chair in the center of  the room and a single banana peel at one corner of the room. The  conductor was strapped to the chair and high current was given to  him. But to everyone's amazement, he survived. The judge decided  to set him free, and he returned to his profession.  After a few months, this time, a good looking middle aged woman  tried to board the bus but the conductor didn't stop the bus.  Unfortunately, this time also, the good looking middle aged woman  came under the bus and died on the spot. Again angry passengers  took the conductor to the police station, who in turn took him to  the court. The judge took a look at the conductor and gave him  capital punishment. The conductor was taken to the same  electrocution chamber where there was a single chair in the center  of the room and a single banana peel at one corner of the room. He  was strapped to the chair and high current was given to him. This  time also to everyone's amazement, he survived. The judge decided  to set him free, and he returned to his profession.  A couple of months later, an elderly gentleman tried to board the  bus. This time the conductor, remembering his earlier experiences,  stopped the bus.Unfortunately the elderly gentleman slipped and  came under the bus. He also died on the spot. The conductor was  taken to the police station and then to the court, to the same  judge. Though he hadn't done anything wrong, but considering his  past record the judge decided to set an example and gave him  capital punishment. The conductor was again taken to the same  electrocution chamber where there was a single chair in the center  of the room and a single banana peel at one corner of the room. He  was strapped to the chair and high current was given to him. This  time he died instantly. The question is why didn't he die the  first two time but died instantly the third time ???  The answer is given below .... but try to solve the mystery  yourself. This is pretty interesting and the answer is perfectly  logical. If necessary read the puzzle twice.