Hi,  Ranjini....the marriage album is just 'tooo goood'. Both of you are looking charming and elegant.  Jax, though its a closed chapter Iam suggesting it cos i typed this blog long back but didnt manage to publish it.....the layout looks alright. But I feel the fluroscent green is too bright. How about a lighter shade of green instead?   Mahendra...ensoy panra pola??? anupavi rasa anupavi!  Two weeks back we went to Warwick castle. The castle was built in 1900 and ranked number 2 in UK. There is so much hype abt this castle. The castle was beautiful. Since this was my first visit to a castle, I liked it. But Boomi didnt as he had been to many. The heat was so much getting into our system that we had to literally run for shadows. There were so many living rooms, dining rooms and bedrooms, each with lavishing decorations and expensive furnitures. The one thing that caught my interest was ' The Dungeon and Torture chamber '- I was really shocked by the cruelity with which the English had treated the slaves and the soldiers captured during the war.  Later came to know that there is one museum in London exclusively meant for Torture. In India there are so many temples and buildings around which are dating back to some hundreds or thousands of years but very poorly marketed. Here they blow the trumphets in such a way that we run packing our bags to find the same thing that we have round the corner in most of the villages and towns in India.  As you all must be aware this year Uk has topped all the records this summer. The temp reached a record high of 38.1 degrees. Now the weather is slowly getting better. Ironically, France declared that the country is facing a crisis due to heat wave on the day the temp. started dropping down.... Coming weekend is long one for us. guess where we are going.......Scotland.....just desperately looking forward to this trip. It is believed to be one of the most beautiful places in the world. Most Hollywood films are shooted here. Let me see if Scotland meets my expectations.  Will upload the snaps shortly. Take care Valli.  Happy Weekend. Bye.