Ok, here it begin, my one day visit to Madurai.   Morning : As usual, I caught an auto to the dept. Enroute, I saw Vinodh Kumar. He was coming down from Sangeeth Lodge for tea. Thought about seeing him later, but couldn't. Came to know that I was the first person in our batch to be applying for a provisional certificate. Most of our batchmates had got thier degree certificates, so they don't require a provisional certificate. Our certificates have not been recieved by the dept. So I was asked to go to the univ. to apply and collect it.   Met Omprakash - yesterday was his last day at the dept. He's off to Mumbai in search of a job. Rajadurai was on leave yesterday. Met Kannan and Chitra Ma'm. Kannan is taking almost all the classes at the dept.   We were the last batch to have a lot of external faculties. After us, the external faculties have stopped coming at all except one or two. The trimester system has been scrapped in favour of a semester system. It seems that quality of education has dropped considerably.  I spoke to Chitra ma'm. Rini, she said she did not get the invi to your marrriage. She had marked it in her diary, but as she didn't get an invi she forgot about it. Valli and Sindu, Ma'm asked if there was any good news from both of you.    Afternoon : Made my way to the univ. went around the univ with my aunt to get things on track. I was told that I would be receiving my PC only on Wed, as Tues. is a holiday for Krishna Jayanthi. Skipped lunch. It was 4 pm when everything got over. My aunt said she'll look after things.   Evening : Had a late lunch, watched TV and got ready to leave for Coimbatore. Left home around 7:00 pm to catch the bus. Coming to the bus stand, I thought of paying Shana and Philo a visit as they were staying nearby only. Went to their apartment around 7:30. Only Philo and her younger sis were at home. Spoke about things for some time.   I came to know that Shana was working in ICICI bank nearby only. Waited till 8:30 to meet her. It seems she got her first salary yesterday only. Exchanged notes about our classmates and life in general for a long time. On their insistence, I had a couple of chappathis for dinner there. Left around 9:45 and caught a bus to Coimbatore at 10 pm.   Reached Coimbatore around 3 am today.  Valli, Philo wanted to know why you are continuing your studies and Sindu, everyone are suprised to know that you were in a marketing job. I heard that Bulb is working as a lecturer in Mother Teresa Univ. @ Kodaikanal.