Oh is it! Convey my regards to all out there esp chitra mam! what hasnt anybody asked u to breif our juniors?   Ok now, back to my tale section of this weekend.... I enjoyed the three days like anything. Superb it was to be with his friends. Not even one minute did i spend my time idle. Ore aattam paattam kondattam thaan. We played pattukku paatu, Dumb charades,  etc. All the films which srini enacted, i was the one to find out first.   We went to Ranganthittu bird sanctuary, but no birds to see except crows caw caw..... but the place was good with bamboo trees & rattt tatttt sound. Have u heard those sounds of bamboo ya? Then in the evening we went to Balamuri falls. we went in parisal u know. first time in that. Supera irundhathu. Naan pant shirt potta naala i could not bath in falls, else ore ragalai panni iruppen. then we went straight to Madikeri.   Next day our adventure started with a trip to Iruppu falls. Wow the way was so slippery and watery. Should keep ur foot firm, illai keela vilunthu mandai odachikka vendiyathu thaan. The falls was so remote and beautiful. Only few were taking bath and i was the only female to take bath there. Ha evvalavu periya veeranganai. Infact srini never let his hands holding mine. illa thanni adikira adikku, avvalavuthaan, naan nera andha thanniyilaye bangalore poi iruppen. Poor srini! i never let him be with his friends, but then because of all the settais i was doing, he ought to be with me, coz i was climbing on slippery rocks, trodding on wet logs, moving towards force waters and what not.......  Finally he managed to throw me out of water as it was becoming cold and i started shivering. Then we went to Nagerhole - Rajiv Gandhi national park. They said, Elephant ride and all is there, but nay coz of dusshera, all elephants had gone to Mysore itseems. Enna panna  :-   The next day we went to Abbi falls where also i had a nice kuliyal at one of the dangerous places. There also i was the only girl among four of us who had been there taking bath. Not even some of his guys were ready to take bath and i was shivering like anything as it was very cold and early in the morning 7 o clock. Good that srini always comes with me, though he wasnt interested. Really before going only he was telling, i m not interested in taking bath, but then coz of me he had to and we enjoyed like anything. Then we went to a place called Raja's seat where from we had a majestic valley view. So beautiful, with lush green fields, some in parrot green, some leaf green, some in brown color as the field was ready to get planted, some in golden yellow with water stagnant on it and mist then and there, wow superb it was u know.  We then went to a place called nisargadhama where in we played shuttle cork and all his friends played volley ball till the last moment of sweat. On our way back from Nisarga we had ice creams drenching ourselves in rain. It was a beautiful place full of Bamboo trees and very cool on all sides surrounded by cauvery water, just like an island. So nice it was. Then we also went to a near by Tibetian monastery where in we saw some exotic and most beautiful sculpture and architectural work of Tibetian culture. Then we returned home merrily and totally exhaust! Photos eduthirukken, u all can have a look when scanned.   Tomorrow my parents are coming and i am waiting for them to turn up. From tomorrow onwards i will get proper breakfast. Enga amma panni kuduppaangale.  Ok then will blog later