Thank You Valli.. Will get one gift for u... when v meet next... Already have purchased a gift for my sister so that I can handover during my native visit (Aug 15 - 17)...   Numerous ideas to discuss, from the excerpts of the day 2 day news in 2day's world scenario....  torcher ur brain.................   Dear All,  Mail might be lengthy but worthy I believe.   Don't circulate beyond the limit since it contains sensitive issues.    Where, the world leads you ??   ONGC Mumbai - copter crash - Employees demanded the &quot;step down&quot; of it's CEO. Cause of accident, safety negligence or technical snag, enquiry on it's own way.  India MPs ( including Laloo, has to surrender his passport on Aug 18 in Patna court after his return) visited Pakistan. Indian Govt not in a position to believe the Musaraff words due to previous experience. Confident level where are we.  Balbir Singh looks like one MP whisked the security of Parliament and roamed inside like Hero. Security system under lapse.  Pepsi &amp; Coke - May close to BAN due to over level of Pesticides. Will it be a election stunt like Bisleri water. Are you soft to these drinks.   Frequent MiG 27 crash. Disheartened family members of expired Pilot given request to our first citizen, who is always down to earth, to take care of the AIR safety level. Hope you all guess. Yes it is Kalam. You know the statement released by them over a Press meet. &quot;We should avoid our people killed by our own machines than the enemies&quot;.  81 people hurt in pile up, series vehicle crash at Bangalore Hosur road. Incident occur after the two wheeler rider lost his control and hit a road divider. Foreign delegates felt comparatively, Bangalore is better than Delhi. Road safety is big task.  British troops under threat in Basra, IRAQ.  Supersonic Flight service dropped.  A boy around 15 years old intruded into India border from Pakistan twice.  Ofcourse he has sent back to his country by Delhi -Lahore&nbsp; &quot;Dosti&quot; bus service because of the peace initiative started by PM.  Man from Kerala struggled for living with his family due to Pakistan citizenship which he got many years back under the wrong assumption that, with this he can enter India easily.  Reinstating Govt employee in TN. Still some people future is under dark.  Multimode train (MMTS) derailed at AndraPradesh after a day it was inaugurated.    A baby (Noor) from Pakistan got operated at Bangalore hospital. Beyond border issue.  David Kelly- weapons expert to Iraq suicide. Tony Blair - UK is cornered. Bush is out of focus.  Liberian President steps down.  Isrel denied to release the Palestinian militants after the recent suicide attack.  E- tickets (for Air Travel) introduced in India too. First ticket issued to Mr. Ramadorai CEO of TCS. Can we &quot;check in&quot; without any hassle? Let him talk after his first experience.  If I'll elect for next term, I will make AP like Singapore. AP-CM Naidu   Where as Mayawathi - MP-CM , I'll construct RAM Temple. Feel the vision focus.  Arnold nominated for California Mayor election.    Thanks &amp; Regards    Ramgopal C Garden City