Friends,  We bought some more casettes and CDs as we have music system now. A brand new Sony music system. I got MS Subbu lakshmi Annamacharya Kirtans. Kshetra Tirupathi by TM krishna, and srini got Scorpions, one of his favourite band in those days, then one western classical CD by Bach. Its a thing u know. Excellent its to listen. I listened to it for the first time and it gives u the feeling of ascending a beautiful hill as the volume and intensity of music surges and it leaves u atop. Bach is a German musician and he is one of the Maestros like Beethoven in music. U all should listen to it ya. Just beautiful. I dont know much about this musician, may be jax might help us to drill about him a bit and throw light on it.   As usual annamachrya kirtans are too irresistible , that too in MS voice it is damn good. Especially Sriman Narayana song. So calm really making u have a feel of total surrender at god's foot u know when she spells, "Sri paadame saranam". The flop of that day's pick was TM krishna's Kshetra Tirupathi. Actually there is a series of casettes released by CDW casettes. Its like compilation of songs on one particular sacred place or Kshetram. Till now five have come out, which include our Madurai(Singer-Nithyasree Mahadevan), Chidambaram(Sanjay Subramaniyan), Srirangam (Aruna Sairam), Tirupathi (T.M.Krishna), Kancheepuram(dont know).   The best of it was Kshetra Srirangam by Aruna Sairam. Naan nenaikiran, she is a vaishnavite or one who worships perumal. ya she could pronounce the devotion towards the lord so profoundly in music that u simply cant remain in ur existing state. I havent heard to any of her other songs, but this. They say, only selective listening is recommended incase of Aruna, and this happens to be one of the best pick.   We got almost all the Kshetra series except Kancheepuram. Ya Kshetra Tirupathi is by TM krishna, not the CM of Karnataka, but an upcomining vocalist. But we were impressed neither by songs, nor by his voice. May be since we dint listen to it many times, we arent much into it. Need to listen it few more times, to acquaint ourselves with it.   Mahen&Valli thanx for ur comments on our album. Expecting feedback from other dormant bloggers too! What kavi, no goodmornings also nowadays. Where is vijay babu who said who will post atleast Good morning or good evening?   Mahen whats that technologgix in ur co. name? is it misspelt in our database or its so with some significance? And y do u work late night and whats it that u are working on like this?   Jax thanx for u correction on word Procs! I just messed it up. sorry....... Bye for now