Hi all…  Hope everybody had a nice weekend.   And for us, it was really one of the most exciting fun packed Sundays in the past few months. Yesterday we (Myself, bala, ajayan and one more friend by name senthil who is vijay’s friend) went to Mahabalipuram. It was a nice trip where we enjoyed each and every mile of our travel.  Unfortunately ganesh was not able to join us as he had some work related to his departure to madurai for his training.  We started at 8 in the morning from T nagar in two bikes. We filled the fuel for our travel…and then we went to ganesh’s house to get his camera from him. We continued our travel in East Coast Road from ganesh’ s house at 9. The ECR is one of the best roads to have a smooth ride enjoying the pleasant sceneries of the seashore and the backwaters…this trip reminded me of the tour we went to kodai in bikes during our MS…  And on the way we finished our breakfast in a motel… We reached mahabs at 10.30 I suppose…  We went to Mahishasuramardhini temple there…we visited the light house and we saw the five rathas of the pancha pandavas…it was my first trip to mahabs and I really enjoyed seeing those sculptures there…  Then we planned to go to the Kovalam Beach. But on the way we entered a forest like area, where we found nobody was there…so, we drove our bikes towards the beach …it was a nice ride on the sands of the beach which we enjoyed a lot…we reached the shore of the sea…and it was a virgin shore…(!!!) I mean nobody was there and you cannot find even a footprint of men in the seashore…it was so beautiful to see such a shore…may be this was the first time we are visiting such a place…  And here comes the main part of the trip…ha ha…  Yes we had our drinks party in the sands of beach under the sun…It was our first experience to have such a drinks party in a totally litter free, pollution less, open space seashore, filled with the pleasant sounds made by the waves of the sea...  We had a bath in the beach with our drinks in one hand and a cigarette on the other… We were lying on the beach sand for more than 2 hours or so…after enjoying the drink and the sea breeze we started back to our destination having some tea and snacks on the way…  During our return, bala terrified me a lot with his terrific speed…in fact, I got his helmet from him and wore it on my head…I was really frightened by his way of driving because his driving reminded me of the accident we met when we went to kodai tour in bikes… Ajayan too adding to his enthusiasm was driving at a good speed…but his vehicle was not able to pick up to meet his speed so he slowed down a bit, but bala doesn’t seem to slow down anyway…once he sees a pair of couple going at a far distance he starts chasing them…ha ha…aana pakkathula pona than therinjuthu ellam dubukku couples…ha ha…  Thus we reached ganesh’s house at adyar to return back his camera by around 6 in the evening. Thanks to ganesh for loading his camera with a film roll for us…  And thus our trip went on this way and we were back to our room by 6.30. This is just a beginning and our plans are there to go to pondy and tirupathi in the near future after I also get a bike. Hope to see rajesh, ganesh and vijay to join our next trip. I will share the snaps we took during this trip soon so that you too can share our joyful moments. Of course this is just a small trip without any grand preparartion…but the fun we had was something which we had after a long time since we completed our degree…that’s it.   C u guys and gals.  Mahen.