         Had an absolutely fabulous time at the temple.  I am so inspired.  I was able to take the association of so many really advanced devotees, like Prema-manjari dd, who I had a very long talk with and who's really set me on a whole new path as far as preaching is concerned.  It was really unbelievable.  Janmastami was very successful with probably 1000+ visitors and devotees at the temple.  Bhakti Caru Maharaj and Bir Krsna Maharaj were both there.  Bhakti Caru Maharaj led some kirtans.  I always love how he sings-it's so full of sweetness.  The girls danced and there was a great maha table and many new things in the bookstore.  It wasn't excessively hot so it was a lot more comfortable than it's been the past two years.  At midnight was the feast.  I fasted on water (and a little juice) probably for close to 30 hours and I had a terrible headache.  I took a plate of prasadam and went back to the hotel around 1:30.  Oh was I sick!  I won't break a fast with fried foods and heavy subjis again!  But it was so wonderful as well, it's hard to pass up.  There were any number of preps-I can't even tell you how many there were.  The following day was Srila Prabhupada's Appearance Day.  I was sick at the hotel most of the morning but my stomach settled and I came around about 10:30 AM.  At noon was another feast- this one was even bigger (if possible!) than the Janmastami feast.  I had one plate of prasadam that I actually made THREE seperate meals of.  It was just amazingly opulent with a cake that was totally first class.  And that cake was just one of at least half a dozen sweets!  I didn't have near to everything that was there.  Friday was a fairly quiet day.  I spent some time with Prema talking in depth about the bhakti vrksa group.  It isn't quite what I will be aiming for right off the bat but so many of the ideas in the manual are great and totally applicable to cultivating new people.  She has so much experience in introducing people to Krishna Consciousness and she gave me so much help and new ideas.  I really can't even express in words what it is to have the association of someone who's advanced and so willing to help and support.  It really means a lot.  Saturday I made some big decisions in my life.  But first we went shopping!  Mandakini and I went to a couple of Indian stores and bought some good stuff, including a nice board for rolling out chapatis and some sweet (and hot!) lemon pickle.  After that, I spent some time at the hotel just sort of chilling out in the freezing AC and relaxing.  I made some decisions.  I decided firmly to quit my job.  Yes, I know I've been talking about it for months now but I really mean it-and this time, it's not because I'm paranoid or angry.  It's because I want to devote more time to preaching.  I've actually went and applied for a position at the hospital working three days a week.  If all goes well I'll be putting in my resignation the end of this week.  I just feel like I've finally got my priorities straight now-with devotional service, not work, in the top spot.  And yes, I know I said I'd never go back to the hospital, but this isn't about me or what I want, it's about what's best for advancing Krishna Consciousness in southeast North Carolina.  If working at the hospital is what it takes, then so be it.  Sunday I came home early.  We are working on buying a truck, a blue 2000 F150 for Scott.  It's proven to be a bit more complicated than we expected but at this point we plan to be picking it up tomorrow.  Then on Friday it's off to New York!  For now, it's off to bed.  I have to be to work very early tomorrow (5AM) and so I have to get up extra early so I have enough time to chant my rounds before I leave.