         So.  Still no emotion about the job.  I'm guessing there isn't going to be any.  Still seems kind of strange, though.  I went to Social Security today and got my name changed on my card.  Then from there I went to DMV and got a new license.  I passed the vision test without wearing glasses.  Even though I wear my glasses when I drive, I don't want a restriction on my license.  Sometimes I forget them.  So I passed, even though I didn't look at the book first.  The only one I missed was Railroad Crossing.  As last time (1997) I had to close first one eye and then the other to read the letters on the chart. :(  Random interesting facts about me:  there are only two of these that I'm really aware of.  One is that my hemispheric dominance (like in the brain) is backwards.  Normally, dominance reflects handedness, and works in opposites.  What that means is, a right handed person will generally have left brain dominance, and vice versa.  There are lots of tests you can take online to find this out, but I found it out years ago in a psychology class.  I'm right handed and also right brained.  Is this the cause for all my confusion?  I'm a bit ambidextrous, which might explain some of it, and also I remember reading something an age ago about ADHD and hemispheric dominance.  Anyway, it's kind of interesting.  I wonder what it really does to me to be backwards like that.  My sister is left handed.  I guess I am supposed to be left handed too.  The other interesting thing about me is that I have an extra set of ribs.  We found this out when I had to have some lumbar films done.  The doctor thought it was a wonderful joke to ask the resident what was wrong with the film (she didn't get it) and he eventually counted out the vertebrae and ribs for her.  Apparently it's some kind of weird recessive gene thing and about 1 in 20 people have an extra set.  I don't know if they do anything good or bad for me, but there  they are.  I'm hoping that if anyone visits the blog, they'll sign the guestbook.  I didn't add it in for nothing.    Email Me