         Another bright shiny day.  Scott has to work to make up for his hurricane day, and I'm on call.  Last night I had to call the cops  THREE  times.  The good ol' boys next door came home from the bar around twenty to three and decided they were going to put the music on really, really loud.  Now, I am not, per se, against loud music.  Scott's theatre setup is so intense that I can't keep a picture hung straight on the walls in there.  But not that loud at three in the morning.  You know?  Here he is, having to work in the morning, and here's me, who can't sleep if a pin drops, and they're over there playing the music so loud I can sing along with all my windows shut.  A residential development like this one is not the place for that.  You can hear everything around here.    So I called the cops.  Not in a screamy angry way, just in a hey, can you help me? way.  I can't go over there and ask him to turn it down, because he hates me (due to a fight we had about six, seven years ago) and he'd probably shoot me.  I was going to call his house, but his number isn't listed.  So after awhile I guess they came out and asked him to turn it off, and it went off for about twenty minutes, and then back on again.  Louder.  So I had to call again, and they came out again, and he shut it off again, and then at about ten to four he turned it on so loud I could actually hear it in the garage, which is all the way on the far end of the house from his house.  It's a good thing I wasn't the one having to work today, because I would have been really, really mad.  And then at four thirty they shut it off for good, and his lights went out.  The whole loud-music thing has been going on intermittently for years now.  Scott is a really sound sleeper so it doesn't wake him  up-therefore, he doesn't care.  But me, I get mad, just because it's so inconsiderate.  Even if he'd shut it off at midnight, I probably wouldn't mind.  But to just blatantly crank it up not caring about any of the neighbours-that's just not right.  I don't know how many times I've slept with earplugs.  But from now on, I'm just calling the cops.  We have been neighbours for ten years now.  Enough.