         The storm's over.  It really didn't do anything impressive here.  Just some wind-I think the highest sustained winds we had were around 60-65, and not a whole lot of rain.  A few trees came down here and there.  None of ours.  As always, today is gorgeous.  I went outside a little after four AM as I was getting ready to start chanting, and the sky was possibly the clearest it's been all year.  The sun's shining now, and there isn't any standing water-things are just a little damp.  The storm hit much harder north of us, but I still don't think it was all that big of a deal, after all.  It was moving so fast it didn't really have time to do a whole lot. I'm glad-if we have to take a hurricane, it's good when it's one like this.  This was like a microcaine. :)  A hurricanette.  A petit-cane.    I'm on call this weekend but I'd still like to get some things done around the house.  This is my last weekend at my current job and I am hoping not to work.  Yesterday I received two MP3's from Gurudeva's tape ministry.  They are lecture series.  The quality is really high on both the packaging and the sound.  There's a little anecdote I'm going to share related to this.  Back in April, when Gurudeva was here, I was staying at Uday and Raseswari's house in Graham, NC, to help out.  I wasn't getting more than two hours sleep a night (and really not even that much.)  Every night before I shut my eyes I wrote in my journal.  One night it was about 12:30-1AM and I was sitting in bed writing.  I was already undressed and I had my little tape recorder with me.  Out in the livingroom, Gurudeva suddenly began to sing Jaya Radha Madhava.  It was the most beautiful thing I'd ever heard-I had never heard that melody before, and it sounded just like a lullaby to me.  It actually made me cry.  Then there was some Mahamantra kirtan, in the same melody, very soft and gentle.  I wrote about it in my journal.  It was upsetting to me because I could not get dressed and out in time to tape it, and I figured it would just have to stay a transcendental memory.  So yesterday the CDs came and I put one in (Set U) and the first thing that came up?  Yes! You guessed it!  Jaya Radha Madhava, in that same beautiful melody.  I cried.  Hare Krishna.