         The air is getting heavy, and the wind's picking up.  It's about that time.  Welcome Isabel, and Hare Krishna.  In Kaliyuga, this age of the world that we live in, everything is so degraded.  People put their sensual and physical pleasures before everything else, even self-pride and respect, sacrificing themselves for a moment of perceived 'happiness'.  The demands of the body are catered to no matter what they entail.  Morality goes out the window-sex is disassociated from love and its proper context, a 'need' to be filled whenever it presents itself, with no regard for relationship, let alone marriage.  The children that result find themselves thrust into a world that didn't want them.  Surrounded by violence and sex in the media and raised by perhaps one parent, whose own lack of moral values was responsible for the 'accident' they are, how can they help but to grow up angry, resentful, violent, and even further degraded?  I know this sounds harsh.  And not every situation is as black as I paint it.  But I see variations on this theme every day.  People will do anything to satisfy the sex desire of the body.  It reminds me of my friend's dog, who is aptly named Trouble.  Another one of her dogs went into heat and Trouble was so intent on getting to the dog that he was actually hurting himself physically with his efforts.  Is what humans do any different?  They are so intent on joining sexually with people that they disregard the hurt they inflict on themselves and others to obtain it.  Nothing is as important as satisfying the body.  Because of this overriding obsession with the body, they have no time to consider higher things.  Spiritual questions are pushed aside in favor of evenings spent in bars drinking alcohol and going home with people they don't know, only to find themselves embarrassed and ashamed the next day, and no happier than they were before.  The Bhagavad gita and the Srimad Bhagavatam clearly explain this propensity of people to mistake their bodies for themselves, and outline very specifically and explicitly what happens when this occurs.  The solutions are so very simple, and easily obtained, with no difficulty and no cost.  But people are unwilling to do anything that might interfere with obtaining pleasure for the body.  It's like a child who is playing in the mud.  Although the mother offers the child a shiny, nice toy, the child doesn't want it, because it would have to leave the mudpit to come get it.  It doesn't make any sense, does it.  So there are four principles we follow: no intoxication, no meat eating, no gambling, and no illicit sex.  People think this is very restrictive.  Actually it's liberating.  If only they would try and understand, and then try for themselves.  There is no cost to giving up these things-in fact, most people would save an awful lot of money if they weren't out buying alcohol and meat products.  They think it would restrict their pleasure.  They don't understand that they are just in the mud.      Email me  if you'd like to talk about this.