         Another somewhat cloudy day.  Soon we will be able to turn off the air conditioning.  This is one nice thing about living in North Carolina-for almost six months of the year we don't run either heat or air.  My newest ad is going in the Ad Pak next week.  This one deals with the free bhakti yoga class.  I am hoping it will generate some interest.  I am making plans to go out in the next two weeks to distribute some flyers.  First I have to make some prasadam chidwa or cookies for distribution also.    I am very lucky to have the association of some very advanced devotees.  So many of the devotees at New Goloka are experienced preachers and have been going out in the community for years.  By taking their association I am able to learn lots of things I would otherwise have to learn by making mistakes.  Also, this allows me to ask for their blessings.  The blessings of the Vaisnavas are very powerful.  I always feel so inspired after I receive a newsletter or a personal letter from devotees who are so supportive and enthusiastic about whatever little efforts I can manage to make.  I feel like it would be all for their glory if I could establish something regular here.  So I am hopeful with all the changes currently in progress that soon I will be able to write and let everyone know that there are regular, steady preaching efforts going on and that results are being seen by Lord Caitanya's mercy.    There is a wonderful relationship that exists between all devotees.  Since we are all enlisted in the same mission of preaching about the glories of Krishna's Name and Lord Caitanya's message, and working to propagate Srila Prabhupada's mission, we can all take inspiration from each other.  We can all be enthusiastic for each other.  There isn't any sense of envy or jealousy.  I always feel so inspired (as well as humbled) when I hear about devotees who live in adverse circumstances, in countries that are very much opposed to Krishna consciousness, and yet they are establishing steady programs with devotees that are dedicated and unwavering in devotional service.  Then I think to myself, how fallen I must be that here I am in this environment that presents almost no obstacle and yet it has been all this time without any result.  So the fault is in me.  Today I received a lovely letter from Prema-manjari mataji, who lives in Hillsborough and is a very sincere and dedicated disciple of HH Bir Krsna Maharaj.  She has enormous experience in preaching and is a great source of inspiration and instruction for me.  She recommends that in order to facilitate preaching efforts, sadhana must be very dedicated and serious, with attentive japa every day early in the morning (NO OVERSLEEPING!!) and daily reading of Srila Prabhupada's books.  In this way, she explained, by having one's own sadhana very purified, people will be drawn to develop interest in Krishna Consciousness.  So this I am taking as my mission: to increase my attentiveness (sometimes I am not very attentive at all) and to increase my reading of Srila Prabhupada's books, and to overall improve my daily sadhana.  This way by following in the footsteps of a devotee who has had so much good experience and good results in preaching work, I can hope to pull myself out of material mentality.  So I am very inspired today.  Despite the fact that these last two weeks or so at my job are going to drag, I feel like it is going to be a precursor to better things, and I am looking forward to putting together a schedule so that I can be sure that things get done routinely and consistently, not haphazardly.  All glories to the wonderful preaching efforts of the Vaisnavas, who are compassionate and dedicated to helping all the conditioned souls in the world.