         I think my blogging schedule might change a little bit now that I'm working again.  The 12 hour days are long and it is hard enough to do all the things I have to do in the little bit of free time I have outside of sleep time, so I will probably be writing only briefly if at all on days I work.  There's so much new at the hospital, I feel like I have to go back to school.  I am very grateful for the long orientation periods they have now (6 weeks).  I got my first paycheck today, and also my last paycheck from my old job, so that's good, as it means there won't be any lapse in the income.    Today is a nice day out and I am looking forward to spending just a little bit of time, maybe an hour, outside in the sun chanting.  I did a little food shopping today and plan to make aloo sak later (aloo sak is a very simple dish of greens and potatoes.  Preferably you use spinach, but I got some turnip greens, which will also be nice.  Lord Caitanya's favourite dish was sak.  His mother, Srimati Sacidevi, used to make all different kinds of sak for Him.)  Apart from that, I've been more stressed out than possibly I realise.  It is entirely possible to be under major stress and not consciously realise it.  However, the body will let you know!  I have had some persistent, intractable heartburn for about 3 days now.  Tums helps for about half hour, and then it's back.  So today I've moved to Tagamet (nice that it's over the counter now) and I am hoping that helps, and if it doesn't, I'll move to Prilosec, and if that doesn't help, I'm scheduling a GI consult.  LOL! And probably a psych consult.  No.  I'm teasing.  I'm just realising how much the job change is stressing me out.  It will be another stress when I move to nights (in about another two weeks) and have to get acclimated to that.  I am just considering this tapasya, austerity, to be able to preach.  This job is simply for the purpose of providing me the time to preach and share Krishna Consciousness with others.  So any discomfort, stress, tiredness, anxiety, irritation, etc., that comes with it (and you know it will.. you cannot work on a hospital floor without seeing all of those things at some point) I am considering just austerity for Krishna.  I have to always remember that He has put me in this job and He takes care of His devotees, and to remember all the austerities and difficulties that Gurudeva goes through to bring the message to the people of Poland.  At least no one is trying to beat me up!  (Yet! LOL!) So any little difficulty is just temporary and is worth it in the end.  Hare Krishna!   Email Me