         So there I was making prasadam cookies to bring to work tomorrow (nothing like someone who shows up on the first day of work with a GIANT BASKET full of cookies, right?) and the phone rings and who is it but Ramcandra prabhu.  So he tells me, the Padayatris are on route 701 right near Elizabethtown.  Well, I just about fell out.  I was so near them yesterday!  They had to take a detour, so I missed them.  Today their goal is to go to Clarkton.  So I said to myself, jai! I'm there.    After finishing up the cookies I jumped in the Jeep and off I go.  Well, you want to talk about hell's half acre.  It's nice out there, but boy, is it a lot of nothing.  Cotton and peanuts, that's about all I saw.  Some cows, a few ducks, a pig, some goats, a couple of horses.  Onward I go.  Finally I make my way through Bolton to 211 and then from 211 onto 701.  There they were, parked at a little church.  JAYA!  I nearly flipped my Jeep spinning it round to park it.  Then, the next thing I find out-I KNOW these devotees!  They don't know me, or maybe more accurately they don't remember me, but I remember them-back when I first started visiting the temple, they were there, and then they went to India.  So Avadhuta prabhu and his wife Chandrabhaga mataji are doing the Padayatra.  Their Lordships Sri Sri Nitai Gaurasundar are very beautiful and giving darshan as They go.  Their smiles are so sweet, and They have beautiful lotus eyes.  Yes, I took lots of pictures and as soon as they're developed they will be on my website.   Sri Nrsingadev is also on Padayatra with them and watches very protectively over His devotees.  The whole atmosphere is so sweet and transcendental.  The horses, Kana and Balaji, are big Belgian horses.  Enormous.  Bigger than your average horse.  They are draft horses, and like to pull.  I helped to feed Balaji, who is indeed very strong.  They are surprisingly gentle for such big horses, but once they were hooked to the cart, they were ready to keep going.  We can all learn a very good lesson from these faithful souls who very steadily perform their service for the Lord everyday, with no complaints, and requiring only the basic necessities of life.  Kana and Balaji ki jai!  Several people stopped to visit while I was there.  A little boy came and asked if he could come along.  He told me he lives with his grandfather and his grandfather's wife.  When I asked him about the rest of his family, he just shrugged.  Lord Caitanya's mission is so transcendental.  I gave him my card with the padayatra website on it, and Avadhuta prabhu encouraged him to stay in school til he's 18, and then come and join the Padayatra.  Several other people showed up.  Mataji says it's often a 'circus' atmosphere.  I was impressed how respectful everyone seemed.  I know nobody in Clarkton, NC has EVER seen devotees before.  It's amazing how Srila Prabhupada is bringing Lord Caitanya's movement to even these little towns in Nowhere, USA.    I stayed for a couple  of hours and brought a small offering of turmeric, basmati, mustard seeds, toor dal, urad dal, hing and some laxmi, whatever I could afford.  I wish it could have been more-I too would love to join the Padayatra and just carry on across the country.  But we all have our service to perform.  Who would ever have thought I'd be offering obesiances to Sri Sri Nitai Gaurasundar in a grassy field beside an AME Zion church?  Truly miracles happen every day.   In return the Padayatris gave me a maha apple from Their Lordships and also some candied fennel from Sri Sri Radha Damodara.  This is especially important to me, being that now is the time we particularly remember Lord Damodara's pastimes.  All glories to Lord Caitanya's sankirtan movement!  Email Me