         I could write a lot of mundane things today, but instead I am going to tell you about the very nice phone call I received from Ramcandra prabhu, who works with the Padayatris.  There was a terrible accident, where a car crashed into the back of the wagon, but miraculously, no one was hurt.  JAI SRI SRI GAURA NITAI!  They are probably going to be in the area of Elizabethtown sometime this weekend.  Ramcandra prabhu is going to call me later on tonight to let me know what's up.  The Padayatris are expecting me, which is somehow very wonderful to me, and I am hoping to bring a nice offering for Their Lordships.  They mentioned that they need some hing, so I am going to check in the Saigon Market to see if they stock it, and if not, I have some that I can give them.  I am thinking about dal and a nice bag of basmati and whatever else I can find.  The Saigon Market will be my best bet.  I am also going to bring some flowers and, if I can locate one of our little coolers, some milk, and some laxmi.  The Padayatra is very important to me.  Being by myself here, when I first heard about it, I was hoping they'd come this way, and then I thought, oh, why would they, there are no devotees here.  Well, Elizabethtown is about 45 miles from here, but that's close enough for me.  I am so looking forward to meeting with them.  I am anxious to bring the videocamera and take lots of pictures, so there will be pictures posted on the website.  It will be so inspiring to see them, just wandering across the country, bringing the holy Name to everyone and anyone, just like Lord Caitanya did.  This coming week I'm off Saturday, Sunday, Monday, so I am pretty sure that I'll be able to go visit.  I'd like to spend some time with them, if they have the time.  I don't want to be a burden, either, and they have places to go and things to do.  I think I will also bring some carrots for the horses.   This is a really big event for me-I am almost surprised by how important it's become to me that I see them when they're here.  Hare Krishna!  All glories to the Padayatra!  Email Me