         So today's our eleventh anniversary.  The weather is almost identical to how it was when we got married-ie, gorgeous.  Sunny and cool.  I got him a nice present-a stereo for his truck.  The one in there only has a cassette player, and a while back he was talking about getting one with a CD, so I found him one at Best Buy that plays not only CDs but MP3.  So it's nice, and if he wants it installed, they'll do it, or otherwise I got him the parts.  I also bought as a sort of gag gift a pair of saddle shoes, and I got neon green laces.  This is a joke that goes WAY back.  When I first met him, that was all I would wear-saddle shoes with neon green laces.  Sort of my counterculture statement.  So he's never forgotten them, even though they've been long gone, fell apart.  I decided to get some as a goof.  Do you know how hard they are to find?!    So I went back to Employee Health sans paperwork and they wouldn't deal with me.  So I went over to the office and shamelessly exploited the fact that I went to school with my doctor's nurse, and she got me a signed release pretty quickly.  I don't like pulling strings like that, but I was pretty desperate.  Then I went flying back to the hospital with it, but the doctor was done for the day, so they took it and told me to show up for orientation at 8:15 on Monday.  Whew.  At least I'm going to START orientation.  I don't know why it didn't occur to me earlier to do that, but Krishna certainly gave me the intelligence today.  Jai Nitai Gaurachandra!  From there I ran over to the bank and gave them the name change paperwork, so that will be taken care of too.  Slowly but surely everything's coming around.  I sent off my nurses license yesterday, so maybe I'll have my new one by the end of next week.  I lost the phone number of the girl who called me about the bhakti yoga class.  I am desperately hoping she calls me back.  I must have been brain dead not to write it down.  I did save it in my voice mail, but it apparently clears itself periodically.  I hope she calls me back!!  Email Me