         Fall is here.  Right now it's 55 degrees.  We've got all the windows open and boy am I freezing.  I keep thinking I need to be more austere, but I just get so cold.  Later, after the sun comes up, I'll be out there basking like a turtle.  For now I just want to get wrapped up in blankets.  This shift change is going to be weird for me.  I am going to try and plan my schedule to sleep from say eleven or noon till five, so I'll have my mornings on days I'm working.  Maybe if I'm really ambitious I can go to the beach in the mornings-it'll be quiet, and I can park and walk for a while.  I can go by the Oceanic and park there because they will be closed at that ungodly hour and I can have the beach to myself.  Japa is nice at the beach.  I'd like to have a routine like that, where I do that on my days working.  Days off are another story-I am going to get a little chalkboard or weekly dry erase calendar to post where I'll be every day.  I have to make sure I don't lose the momentum on this.  It's the whole reason I took this job-to have the time to get out there and preach.  Gurudeva's sweater is coming along one sleeve at a time.  The pattern is a bit more complicated than I originally thought.  Not undoable, but you do need to be attentive.  There's a lot going on.  I bought three one-pound skeins of that Caron yarn and now I'm wondering if it will be enough.  Good thing it's no dye lot.  All yarns ought to be no dye lot.  How do they do that, though?  I can tell you this.. being at home with no real engagement going on is boring.  I am doing a lot of reading and hearing, but with me and my ADHD, the lack of people contact is kind of hard.  So maybe that's a good thing-it will help to push me out of the house.  By nature, I'm shy.. though most people who know me will deny that.  I'm not shy once I get to know people.  But to go out cold and preach on a college campus-that's pretty intimidating.  But you know, I think about Gurudeva and what he has to face.  He goes into places that he knows are hostile and unfriendly, and without any fear he just holds kirtans and has harinam all through the town, and takes on any risk without flinching.  I pray that he blesses me with that kind of fearlessness.  You should read   his diary.   It reads like a movie.  Everywhere he goes, miracles just happen, and people who were so unfavorable to Krishna come around and take prasadam and end up supporting the devotees and facilitating for them.  It's unbelievable.  Of course, there have been some bad things that have happened too-I read about where the devotees were attacked by a group of skinheads and several of them were seriously hurt and had to go to the hospital.  The demonic mentality is still there.  But even after that, he's still fearless.  Even if I wasn't his disciple, even if I wasn't a devotee, I'd still have to admire that.  There are many initiating spiritual masters in ISKCON.  They are all a little different, and have a different mood.  Although the message is the same, they each have an individual personality.  So you have to search and find the one that is right for you.  And the guru needs to look at the student, and decide if this student is right for him.  It's a reciprocal process.  The Vedas say that guru is a manifestation of Krishna.  This means that when the student is serious about learning Krishna consciousness, Krishna personally manifests to the student through the guru, in order to teach and to bring the student back home, back to Godhead.  That's pretty amazing stuff.  Some people search for years, sometimes a lifetime, without finding their spiritual master.  I admire those devotees, who remain faithful nevertheless.  I think that would be really hard on me.  For me, it was the opposite-the very first time I visited the temple, there he was.  That was some very special mercy on me.  I never really had to think all that hard about it, or agonize over decisions.  I don't think that's how it is normally, for most people.  All I can think is that Radharani gave me some personal mercy that day.  I mean, I did consider to myself, is this my guru?  And like Srila Prabhupada said, I looked, and read, and thought, and prayed about it.  But it was more like just looking for confirmation purposes.  I knew right from minute one.  So for every devotee, no matter who their spiritual master is, that spiritual master is Krishna personally manifesting to them in the form of the guru.  So we are always careful to not offend or be disrespectful to anyone's spiritual master.  The attractions are not the same-I don't feel the same towards my spiritual master's Godbrothers, necessarily.  But cognitively I understand, and respect them.  And certainly we wouldn't want to offend those Vaisnavas who are their disciples.  So it's in some ways like a regular family, but then again, it's on a higher platform.  I am not sure if any of this is making any sense, but it is to me, so I'll just leave it for now.    Comments are welcome, as always.   Email Me