         I was off yesterday (and today) and working tomorrow, but not Sunday.  This, while confusing, was an effort to get me out of the dreaded 'three in a row' syndrome.  I'm hoping that the new time tract will reflect what I put down for my schedule-ie., two on, two off, two on, three off, that kind of thing.  No single days, no three in a rows.  We'll see.  After all, it's the hospital.    Now that you've completely forgotten this blog is about the spiritual journey, I suppose it's time to talk about the spiritual journey.  "The road to Braj is strewn with thorns."  This is something my   guru   said during one of his lectures when he was last here.  What does it mean?  Braj, or Vraja, is also known as Vrndavan.  When Krishna appeared here 5000 years ago, He lived in Vrndavan, which is not far from Agra and Mathura in India.  He also went other places, but His most intimate pastimes were in Vrndavan.  Actually, Vrndavan is an eternal place-Goloka Vrndavan.  Krishna brings all of His associates, including Vrndavan, to the material earth, when He comes.  So there is still today in India a place called Vrndavan.  It is a very holy place, where many devotees live.  Although it is a small village there are over 5000 temples in Vrndavan, and everyone there is naturally Krishna Conscious.  The residents of Vrndavan are called Brijbasis.  Now, sometimes people go to visit Vrndavan and they see that on a material level, it is dirty, there are open sewers, trash, bad water, and so on.  Because of this, they question and say, how can this be a holy place?  It is because you can't see the real Vrndavan with your material eyes.  Just like how people say they want to see God.  But are your material eyes qualified to see God?  Can you see faraway stars without the aid of a telescope?  How do you think your material vision can show you God?  First you have to become pure, and then you'll be able to see.  That's what Srila Prabhupada said.  So, the road to Braj is strewn with thorns.  This is a metaphor for spiritual life.  Braj is our goal-to be with Radharani and Krishna.  But the road we walk to get there has many thorns and disappointments.  Not every day is perfect.  It takes determination and perserverance.  When we screw up, we have to keep on going.  Despite the thorns, we still have to walk the road.  So this is my path, and there are thorns all over it.  Sometimes it hurts a lot.  Sometimes I feel like I've fallen off the side of the road.  But we have to keep going, crawling if necessary, knowing at least that this is the road that goes to Braj, even if it's still a million miles away.  Now I said I was going to talk about modesty.  Modesty is one of those universal spiritual truths.  It isn't just about clothes, either, but behaviour.  I have been talking, like I said, with that very nice lady from Israel who's making me some uniform jumpers.  She is an Orthodox Jew, and rules of modesty are very strictly laid down (even to the acceptable thickness of pantyhose) by the rabbis and religious leaders.  Many Christian groups, not only the Amish and Mennonites, also enforce modest dress.  Of course there has been much focus on the Muslim conception of modesty as well over the last couple of years.  I read once an article written about young Muslim women who wear the hijab, or headcovering, and who dress modestly.  They all said the same thing-that by covering their bodies, they force other people, both women and men, to accept and value them based on content-their intelligence and personality- rather than on context, or what they looked like.  These women had a strong sense of self-respect and self-dignity that was really admirable.  It was a great thing for me to hear a young woman in her twenties saying: Look, I'm smart, and I have value as a person.  What I look like doesn't matter, and I won't allow you to make what I look like more important than who I am.  It was really great.  I think women who wear hijab should be encouraged and applauded.  This does not mean I think women should be beaten or arrested for not wearing it (or for not wearing a burqa) but I think that women who do choose to cover themselves should be given great encouragement for it.  We are, at least in the western world, so innundated from birth with this Barbie mentality, that we very naturally assume that only pretty girls are successful, only skinny girls win, only girls who are in the latest fashions are cool, etc etc etc.  This is why we have all these cases of anorexia and bulimia and so on.  I realise this is all a bit convoluted and I am trying to keep it on track, but I have a lot of points I'd like to make here.  There are also different standards of modesty, and what one culture or religious group may see as modest, another may see as immodest.  Yet all are after the same goal.  For example, I may wear a sari with a short choli blouse.  Now, I have most of my cholis made super long because I personally don't like to show off my belly, but there are some I have that are rather short.  And a good number of my saris are fine cotton gauze, which is not opaque.  I do wear my sari pulled up and pinned on my head for the most part-if I am out in the community I might let it down.  So how can I claim to be modest, when I am in short sleeves and my belly's visible (even through the sari)?  Modesty is not just about what you wear, but also how you behave.  Chaste behaviour is crucial.  What good is it for you to cover yourself from head to toe if your behaviour doesn't match it?  So you will see in the community of devotees, and you will read in our books, that free mixing of the sexes is not encouraged.  Women stay with women-men with men.  In the temple room, women are to one side, men to the other.  This one simple thing prevents so many problems.  At first, reading about it, it sounded strange to me, but in practice, it feels good, and right.  So not only modest dress, but modest behaviour.  And it is important to remember, that what one culture may consider modest and appropriate is not modest for another.  But we should all support each other in our efforts to take the focus off our material bodies-because that's what modesty is, isn't it? A way to take the focus off this physical body, and a way to put focus on our true, spiritual selves.  We are modest because sexual attraction is the strongest attraction in this physical body, and it can be a downfall even for people who are very advanced on the path.  So we try to head off that attraction through dressing modestly and modest behaviour, to make it easier on ourselves and also on others.  Sex is a whole thorn bush on the road to Braj.  I still feel like this post is terribly convoluted and confused, but I won't rewrite it, because I know I'll lose something of it if I do.  I will try and be more to the point next time, but a lot of it is just having too much stuff going on in my head at once.  I received a very nice letter from a friend who's blog I read frequently thanking me for being a nurse.  You're welcome. :)  It's nice to hear nice things about nurses and the way nurses really do help people.  The fact that I'm a nurse doesn't automatically mean I'm a nice person, though.  (I *am* a nice person, but that's strictly coincidental.)  I know lots of nurses who aren't very nice.  I love to be a nurse-I don't really know how to be anything else.  Sometimes it's hard, though.  I haven't heard anything about that job from the other day, so I'm going to assume it was just the drugs talking :)  Haven't I written enough for one day?!   Email Me