         I know I've been focusing on mundane things lately.  I promise to get back to the real deal.  But first I wanted to share with you a little positive feedback I got.  This has been very important to me to hear because I've lost a lot of confidence since I've been out of the hospital.  Working with the IV team the other day was really good for me because it gave me the chance to relearn some skills I thought I had lost forever.  (I placed a 22ga line last night in someone's *thumb*.  I was like.. oh yeah, I rock.  ...I think only nurses may actually appreciate that, but I'm putting it in anyway.)  Anyway, I had lost a lot of confidence over the last five years.  A lot of it was lost right away when I worked in the doctor's office, but that's a tale of interpersonal difficulties best not rehashed.  So last night the following conversation took place: Patient's spouse:  Who's coming on after you tonight? Me: I'm not sure, I think it may be ___________. Patient's spouse:  Is she as good as you are, or do I need to stay the night?  Now, that may not seem like much to you, but it certainly did give me a bit of a glow.  One reason I am glad to be on twelve hour shifts instead of coming in at 11PM is because there will be more patient contact.  I remember that one thing I was very disappointed with towards the end of my last employment at the hospital was the lack of patient feedback.  This is mainly because if you're doing a good job, they sleep peacefully while you're there.  But I remember feeling hurt and left out when someone I'd worked with (or saved their life, even, quite literally) would be discharged and then send flowers and candy to the *second* shift nurses.  They didn't remember us on nights.  It seems dumb, but it still hurt.  Not that I want flowers and candy.  I don't.  But to hear, hey, thanks for what you did, you were great- that really makes a difference.  Maybe I shouldn't be so selfish.  Nursing's not about the money, and we try to be selfless, but it sure does help to hear from a patient that you made a difference.  Even if it's only once in a while.  You'd be amazed at how one little compliment can stay with someone for a lifetime.  *warning* imminent nostalgic anecdote *  I remember back when I was first a brand new nurse, and I had a patient up on the eighth floor that I just didn't feel good about.  I couldn't put my finger on anything specific, but I had a bad feeling.  Eventually it got strong enough that I decided to call the doctor, and since he was already up and making rounds, he wasn't angry at my lack of concrete details, but decided to come up and see the patient.  Fifteen minutes later, the patient was transferred to intensive care.  I still don't know exactly what the problem was, but whatever it was that I couldn't specify, it was real.  The part I remember most about this was the house supervisor.  She had heard about the situation and came up to me and said, "Hey.. you've got good instincts."  I was floored.  To get a compliment from a house super, when I was brand new, was like unbelievable.  I basically floated out of the hospital that day, and as you can see, almost ten years later, it's still very clear and present to me.    So think about what you say to people-not just in a nursing situation, but in any situation you come across.  You can make a huge impact on them without even realising it.  A positive comment-a sincere one-can really light up a person's life.  In my case, it really helped my confidence level and helped me learn to trust myself as a nurse.  These are the little moments that people don't even remember happened, but to the person they said it to, it's priceless.  Of course, the converse is also true-one negative statement, one cutting comment, can really wreck a person.  This is not to say that we should not correct people who need it or give direction, but that we should be careful that our words build up instead of tear down.  There are ways to help people constructively, without needing to hurt them or rip them up.  Learning to do this is a skill, and people who can master this skill are leaders.  Hare Krishna.    Email Me