         Well, last week I baked a cake, and while I was trying to make it I found that I had a lot of trouble (and pain) while stirring it.  So it hasn't gotten better-in fact, it's gotten worse.  And after struggling through several days of work (I was pushing medications with my left hand, that's how bad it got), finally yesterday I went to the doctor.    To make a long story short, he's not exactly sure what's going on.  He thinks it's a combination of carpal tunnel and tendonitis, but in the big picture, he wants me to go see a surgeon.  So I'm going, probably somewhere around the 20th.  I actually have to call and reschedule it today, because I have to work on the 20th.  He wrote me a scrip for Darvocet that absolutely isn't helping, so I need to talk to him about that today, too.  So far nothing I've taken has helped.    Now, I have a good pain tolerance.  I'm not a crybaby.  In October of 2000, I fell and broke my ankle, and since I didn't have any insurance, I ended up waiting until January 23 of 2001 to see the doctor (the end result, by the way, was that I had to have surgery to put the ankle back together).  I'm not saying for people do actually do things like that- I did a lot of damage to my ankle that otherwise might not have happened.  But what I AM saying is that I'm not a crybaby.  So if I tell you I'm hurting, I really am, and in fact, the orthopedic guy who did my ankle surgery said that he felt that I didn't have enough pain sensation-ie., too much of a tolerance for pain.  Pain is a natural mechanism that lets you know there's something wrong.  Damage to tissues and bones-some process that isn't working properly-the body's response is pain, to give an alert to you (as we know, you are not the body) that something in your body isn't happening the way it should.  This way you know that you need to make some intervention to fix it.  The body is a machine.  It's the finest machine there is, and far better than anything we could ever create, but it is still a machine, a material creation that we use for a lifetime.  It has a beginning and an end, and as we come to learn over time, it's incredibly fragile.  The systems and processes that enable our bodies to function work within very circumscribed limitations, and millions and billions of adjustments are made by our bodies every day that we don't know about.  For example, let's look at potassium.  Potassium is a mineral salt that is vital to our existence.  It enables electrical currents in our body (yes, we produce electrical currents) to run properly.  We take in potassium through foods we eat, like bananas or oranges, and the proper concentration of potassium in our blood is controlled through our kidneys.  The amazing thing about potassium is that it has a very narrow therapeutic range.  The proper blood level of potassium is 3.5-5.5.  It's so critical to our health that if your potassium is 3.2 or 5.8, that's considered a "panic" level, and medical interventions need to be taken before your body begins to not be able to cope.  So constantly, every day, your body is monitoring and manipulating not only potassium levels, but levels of other minerals and electrolytes, and keeping them in proper proportion.  It's pretty amazing, far more amazing than anything we can create, but we have to always remember that our bodies are machines, just like that Jeep I have parked in the driveway.  They won't last forever, and they are prone to breakdown.  So I'm looking at possible surgery on my hand.  Unfortunately, it's my right hand.  If it were my left I think I could do without surgery, and manage things with therapy, splinting, medication.  But I have to have my right hand to work.  I'm a nurse.  You don't want me trying to place an IV line with my left hand.  I don't want to try to do that, either.    Holding my japa beads is also hard.  But I am experimenting with different positions of my hand in my beadbag and ways of supporting my wrist.  In other news, I spent yesterday with the IV team.  It was fun.   No, I didn't place any lines with my left hand.  I did have to have some help to unscrew things now and then.  My technique came right back despite it being nearly 6 years since I have had any real practice on it.    Since Dr. Sharma and I have become friends and are eating Indian food together in the mornings, more people have become interested in why and how I know to cook Indian food at all.  So we've been talking more about Krishna.  When I was with the IV team most of lunchtime was spent asking me questions about what I believe and why I believe it.  So even without me trying, Krishna is opening up opportunities for people to hear His name.  Jai Haribol!  I am still considering trying to make it up to Hillsborough before Tuesday, but on the other hand, I'm taking an awful lot of medication and I don't know that I want to be driving any long distances yet.  So we'll see what happens there.   Email Me