         The hardest thing about working nights is how thoroughly it screws me up.  I'm sleeping weird hours and trying to have a semblance of a normal life otherwise and it just doesn't work.  I mean, I get things done, but at three in the morning.  And it's hard to be motivated to do anything when it's just me awake.  Although Scott's here, I still don't feel like I spend a lot of time with him because a lot of it I'm asleep.  Ran into my old boss in Food Lion yesterday.  She said the administrator of the nursing home (who didn't much like me, btw) got fired and escorted out of the building that morning (yesterday morning).  Was I surprised? Only superficially.. I am a firm believer in 'what comes around, goes around'.  Also, I made a prediction right before I left that the ship was sinking and that the smart rat (ie, me) was jumping off before its tail got wet.  The new administrator-they were all prepared with a new administrator-is someone who's worked there before, so we'll see what happens next.  It doesn't affect me personally anymore, but it's still an interesting thing to watch.  My email program was down for about 36 hours after my mom sent me 16 MEGS of pictures from Christmas in one email.  I look tired in all of them.  Christmas was nice, though-we did it this past Saturday because that was when my sister could come to town.  Next year I think we'll do it at our house. I got my email back up and running (finally) and hopefully this won't happen again.  Well, it's a quarter to three AM and the temperature outside is 60.  I am thinking what I might do is get up, get dressed, and go for a japa walk.  It's a lot easier for me to chant with some concentration if I don't have that big beautiful TV staring at me.  As a rule I'm not a TV person but in the middle of the night I like to put in old Godzilla movies and knit.  So I feel like the neighbourhood is safe enough, at least on my street, and I can go out and chant a little and get some exercise too (though not much because I don't generally walk so fast when I'm busy chanting).  Hare Krishna!    ');"> postCount(' ');