         I've done a little shuffling around over there on the right hand side of the window.  Some of the links are gone and there's some new ones over there.  One I'd like to draw your attention to is the one that says "Support Gurudeva's Preaching"  This link brings you to my Godbrother Visnujana's website.  He's done a beautiful job in putting together a very nice presentation of my spiritual master's activities and made it very simple for people to help support those activities. People don't really understand the whole 'wandering mendicant' concept.  It's not a real 'American' or even 'Western' mindset, but the concept is very common in Eastern countries.  Buddhist monks go out every day to collect alms from the people in their area, generally in the form of food donations.  In India, this is called madhukari.  The idea is that since these holy persons have renounced everything, they depend on the Lord to provide for even their most basic needs of food and water.  Feeding the sadhus (holy persons) is a meritorious activities, and even in lots of scriptures you'll see it enjoined that one should 'feed the brahmanas'. Srila Gurudeva hasn't got a home.  This is another concept that's real foreign to a western mind.  He travels constantly, and only stays in a place for a few days at most.  His whole activity is based around preaching.  Right now he's in Australia.  Then, he'll be in South Africa for a few days, then to Poland, and then for his annual tour of the US, that lasts a little over a month.  From there, it's back to Poland.  He'll only be in North Carolina for two or three days at most.  Sometimes I try and imagine how it would be to constantly be traveling.  I think I'd spend all my time totally disoriented and confused not knowing where I was.  But he is so focused on preaching that honestly, I don't think he cares where he is, as long as he's engaged in serving Srila Prabhupada and Lord Caitanya. So anyway.  Traveling costs money, and so do all the different activities of preaching-setting up accomodations, making arrangements, paying bribes-in some countries, this is a common and accepted way of doing business!  The Polish preaching tour reaches literally hundreds of thousands of people every year.  Unbelievable amounts of prasadam are distributed-100,000 plates in three days!  That is not a typo or an exaggeration-100 THOUSAND plates of pure vegetarian food, distributed at absolutely no cost.  Something like 92 TONS of food has to be obtained, cooked, offered, and is then distributed.  I can't even imagine this sort of scale.  Prasadam is food that's been offered to Krishna, and it carries amazing spiritual benefit. So many times people have told me how inspired they are by Srila Gurudeva's preaching.  I'm sure for lots of these people, if they knew a way to help make some tangible contribution, they would.  So Visnujan has set this up.  It's very easy and quick with no trouble at all, and I hope that many people take advantage of this opportunity to provide some support for these preaching efforts that are making a very visible and real difference in the world. Finding one's spiritual master is a process that can take lifetimes, and once found, is someone that you have a relationship with forever, eternally.  My personal prayer is to always be Gurudeva's disciple, life after life.  The spiritual master is like a father, but more so, if that makes any sense.  There is, of course, an emotional relationship between biological family, and I love my family very much.  But we come to understand through Krishna Consciousness that since we are all eternal spirit souls, what we consider 'family' relationships are temporary, for one lifetime.  A father is concerned with providing for the needs of his family-putting a roof over head, food on the table, etc.  Without taking anything away from that, the spiritual master is concerned with eternal matters-taking his disciples back to Krishna.  So it's the same thing, only more so.  Does that make sense? Anyway, I wanted to point out the changes I'd made.  Visit Visnujan's website.  It's very nicely done, and I hope everyone considers taking advantage of the opportunity to support the sincere preaching effort that's going on every day.    ');"> postCount(' ');