         Had a rough night last night, but I'm finally starting to feel like I'm having a bit of an adjustment to nights.  I can see that some things really haven't changed in five years (both about the hospital and about me) and that I need to keep my mouth kind of shut until my 90 days are up.  I think I must have been Jimmy Hoffa in a past life.  Was I born to be a labour leader?  All my life I've taken up for the cause, spearheaded revolutions (even if they were just revolutions in an office) and put myself out on the line for what I believe to be truth and justice.  I've had to go through a lot of personal anguish for it, too.  But sometimes you just have to do it. North Carolina is one of the few remaining 'right to work' states, which means in a nutshell that if you work at any big company, simply saying the words 'union' or 'organise' are generally enough to get you sent off to the Employment Securities Commission.  Now, being from New York originally, I think the union spirit is just in my blood.  Yes, yes, I know that unions have both good and bad sides.  But I also believe that workers need advocacy and a way to stand up for themselves on their own terms, not just on the terms the company sets up for them.  Lots of different propaganda can be arranged to pacify workers and make them think they have a true voice, but a union is a force outside of the company that requires dealing with. When one major company controls virtually all of a given industry in a geographic area, the workers find themselves at a severe disadvantage.  Forced by economic reality to the one major company, they essentially sacrifice any bargaining power they may have had with their specialised skills.  Are you following me here?  For example, let's say I own Mighty Metal in Dullsville, USA.  My company hires skilled metalworkers.  There is no other company for 100 miles in any direction that hires skilled metalworkers.  The local metalworkers find themselves at a loss-they can either commute 200 miles a day (which, of course, some will do), or they can come to my company and take what I give them.  Because they're not union metalworkers, I can basically set the terms as I wish-how much they will be paid, what kind of benefits they can have, etc.  Smaller machine shops in the area can't compete with the wages I pay, so workers who decide they can't live with my terms have to take a beating in pay and benefits to work elsewhere.  Are you with me here?  Because of the economic reality of having only one major employer that pays anything near a decent wage, these skilled metalworkers are afraid to try and unionize or organize.  Forbidden to do so by the company, they fear losing their jobs, which, even though they aren't great or what the workers actually deserve, are still better than what they can get elsewhere.  This is taking place in America, people.  Do you really wonder why I'm a socialist?  Put the power in the hands of the workers, instead of making them suffer the whims of an economic power.  This is the reality of the world we live in.  Maybe it's time to do something real about it.   Email Me