         This flipping the schedule over has me all confused.  I'm sleeping and waking with no apparent rhyme or reason.  I'm hoping I will eventually get situated but right now it's really, really, not good.  This is just another sacrifice on the way to Hillsborough.  Working nights adds several thousand dollars a year to my annual salary.  That money is helping us get to where we need to go.  I'm planning on going to Hillsborough next weekend.  Originally I was going to go up and stay Friday night and Saturday night, but now I think I'll just stay Saturday night.  It's going to be too hard to come home from work and get myself up there.  So I'll go up on Saturday.  Working nights means that even though I am working Monday next week, I can still stay late at the temple for the feast without having to run like I usually do.  So at least that's good.  I am busy lately working on Srila Gurudeva's sweater again.  I had to put it down for a little while because I was having a lot of problems following the pattern, but I am back with determination to it and it seems to be going well.  The thing I am most excited about wth this sweater is that it is a pale peachy colour that will go perfectly with his saffron clothes.  It's an unusual colour to find.  Even better-the colour is a 'no-dye-lot' colour so I don't have to worry if I run out.  The pattern is a pretty complicated Aran but it ought to be very warm when it's done, and the yarn is a nice soft acrylic that will hold up to washing and not give any trouble.  So I sit and knit, sometimes lately at 3AM as I am struggling with my body clock, and think about Srila Gurudeva and his busy schedule, and all the places he goes where it's so terribly cold.  Right now he's in the middle east, which is of course very dangerous lately and even more so for someone preaching Krishna Consciousness.  His travels there are so dangerous that he doesn't even mention in his diary exactly where he goes.  Lord Nrsimhadeva watches very carefully over His pure devotee though, and keeps him safe.  Jai Nrsimhadev!  Jai Gurudev!  So I am hoping that he will enjoy his sweater and that it will help to keep him warm on all his travels.  My keyboard is acting up badly but soon I also need to write to HH Prahladananda Maharaj about the nursing home project.  I got some information on the whole startup procedure.  It looks to me like we'll need to hire a developer.  It seems to be awfully complicated.  I don't have any doubts that  it'll happen, though.. maybe not in Hillsborough, but I do believe it will happen.  Krishna will take care of everything.      Email Me