         Since I am working today and so not able to be participating in any celebrations (except my own) for Gita Jayanti I've decided on doing a couple of little things (besides blog).  I'm donating a copy of Bhagavad gita As It Is to the AHEC library here at the hospital.  I saw on the shelves they had the Bible and the Koran so it will fit in very nicely there.  Also, I am going to try and distribute some books for the December marathon.  I am not in a situation where I can go out in the public and really do major book distribution (it can be a bit dangerous for a woman by herself) but I am going to try and distribute the rest of the case of Gitas that I have and see if I can't distribute some cookbooks as well.  I received a very nice letter from a bhakta in Indiana who is interested in more strictly following the four regs and he has requested a cookbook so that's very nice as well. It is so important for us to keep the faith no matter what disturbances arise.  Everything that happens to us, Krishna knows about.  Sometimes we have some karmic debt to pay off, or sometimes it's just a test of our determination and faith.  We just have to keep going.  Ultimately, everything we do in Krishna consciousness has eternal standing.  If we don't do everything in this life, we will still come back in the next life and pick up where we left off.  Something my dear Srila Gurudeva wrote in his last diary entry reminds me of this:  When these disciples are sometimes overcome by the strong force of the material energy, I must practice tolerance and patience in my dealings with them, like a father with his children. While in Russia, I learned of one disciple who, in a moment of spiritual weakness, joined the Russian mafia for quick money. Through bad association he gradually gave up his spiritual practices. He lost his intelligence and engaged in many criminal activities. One day he ran away in fear, with the mafia in close pursuit. He managed to elude them for some time, but fearing they might find him, he robbed a bank and let himself be caught. Now he sits in jail in relative safety. Recently he wrote that he is chanting again and asked for spiritual guidance.   So we are not alone in our struggles, and we are neither the first nor the last  have these struggles.  All we can do is our very best to continue to chant, and take advantage of the spiritual guidance we have available to us.  We can read Bhagavad gita.  We can listen to classes and lectures by senior devotees.  We can, sometimes, when we are able, take the association of other devotees, whether tangibly in person or virtually online.  We have many books written that we can study and learn.  We have our japa beads, and we can chant, and thus directly take the association of Krishna through the guru-parampara.  We are never alone. Sometimes it's so easy to feel alone.  I fall into that trap a lot-'oh, I am so far away, whine, whine, there are no devotees here but me, how can I do anything'.  You can even hear it in the first paragraph-my excuse for not going out on book distribution.  But are we ever REALLY alone?  Don't we have Srila Prabhupada with us?  Don't we have Sri Guru with us?  Isn't Lord Caitanya present along with Lord Nityananda when we perform kirtan?  And isn't Krsna Himself present in every Holy Name?  So we are not really alone, not really.  We just feel alone, and that is a trick of material nature to get us to give up.  So now that we understand the trick, we can see through it, and conquer it.  Srila Prabhupada said this:   Don't be afraid of my being attacked by maya. When there is fight between two belligerent parties, it is always expected that there will sometimes be reverses. Your country and the western world is mostly under the grip of Maya and the modes of nature in passion and ignorance, and my declaration of war against the maya is certainly a great battle.  (letter 8/3/67)  Every one of us is under the influence of the external energy, Maya. The best way to get out of the clutches of Maya is to concentrate our attention in the loving service of Krishna.  (letter 11/18/67)  So there it is from the best authorities we have-stay strong, keep the faith, and never stop chanting. Bhagavad gita ki jai!   Email Me