         I went to the local Saigon Market today.  I like this place because very few of the things they sell are in English.  Basically, they stock things from Japan, China, Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia, Mexico, India, and various Indonesian places.  I get all my Indian stuff there (because the nearest Indian store is in Raleigh) and I always like to have an adventure.  It's more difficult now because I don't eat meat, etc., so I have to read labels, but it's always kind of exciting to find things you aren't quite sure what to do with.  (Okay, so my thrill threshold is lower than yours.)  Today I found some spring roll wrappers (these are NOT like the Nasoya ones you buy in the regular grocery store), some Japanese rice seasoning (there is a name for this that I forget) that has seaweed in it, a huge bag of basmati, black sesame oil, tapioca, and a huge economy size Kikkoman Lite soy sauce bottle.  I usually get Japanese rice crackers too, but they seemed to be all out.   I've always been kind of adventurous in food, which is bad for my husband, because he's not.  However, in the 13 years we've been together he's made some remarkable leaps of faith in the dining room.  I like to make a lot of things from scratch-bread, pie, jelly/jam, pickles.. I've even made homemade ravioli and pasta.  For me it's more about the fun of it than anything else.  There's something very satisfying in making a loaf of bread, or canning vegetables.  It's a sort of self-sufficiency thing.  I've made soap too, which is a bit harder and definitely more dangerous if you are really making soap (as opposed to melting down glycerine soap and molding it), because you have to use lye and so on, and the measurements must be very accurate or you're just left with one incredibly gloppy mess.  Of course, I also knit and sew.  I knit MUCH better than I sew, but I am equally enthusiastic for both.  Years ago I also used to do things like cross stitch, crewel, and embroidery, but I've tended to get away from the decorative stuff and into the more 'necessities' like sweaters, socks, and mittens.  Now, you might argue that since you can easily buy these things, it's not a necessity, but again, it comes down to a self-sufficiency thing.  Plus, my socks are really nice and warm.  And there's nothing better than a handmade sweater (if it's nicely made and doesn't look like it's made for Andre the Giant).  Anyway, it's a sunny day, but still cold and quite windy.  I have to work tonight from 7-11, which is almost worthless but I said I'd do it.  It's going to be a long day tomorrow, I think, but I got some good news: the hospital has some kind of discount towards the copayment thing of my surgery, and I am not sure how much that discount is, but potentially this could save us $500.  So I'm going to pursue that tonight and see what happens.  I got my clicker today.  Chant Hare Krishna, and be happy.    ');"> postCount(' ');