         I have a lot of different things rolling around in my head tonight.  I did get called off from work (low census) but I'm on call until 11pm.  This means that if they get slammed with admissions, they'll call me and I'll have to go in.  At least it gives me a bit of a break.  We watched "The Hunt For Red October" for at least the 65th time tonight.  Besides it being a great movie (based on a great book by a great writer, Tom Clancy), it had great music.  This led me to thinking how many submarine movies have really great music.  It can't be a coincidence.  Basil Polidorous wrote that great anthem that they sing all through Red October ("The Hymn to Red October") and it just has such a majestic, imperial feel to it.  Another great sub movie that happens to have great music is U-571.  While I enjoyed watching this movie, I like listening to it from another room better.  The theme score really got me right away.  To me, music is at least as important as the movie itself.  A third sub movie with great music is Crimson Tide, and at this point I have to assume it's not a coincidence.  If I had to choose one piece of music from a movie for an "All Time Great" award, it would have to be the choral bit from Lord Of The Rings just as they're escaping the Mines of Moria.  I've seen LOTR at least (no bull) 80 times by now, and every single time that music begins, just over the bridge of Khazad-dhum, I cry.  Every single time.  You'd think I'd get immune to it, but somehow, that boy's voice just rips me apart.  I can't even understand it myself.  What key is it in?  Does anyone know?  I've said before, there's not many movies I can watch because of the ADHD.  There are a few, though, that if I like them, I'll sit through them again and again.  Generally I don't like movies that have a lot of sex in them or bad language (with the notable exception of the Die Hard movies, which I absolutely loved because I think Bruce Willis is just so natural) and I don't like violence very much.  My husband is a great movie watcher and basically screens movies for me before I ever get to them.  Sometimes even movies that are considered to be 'great' are movies I just can't get through-like Private Ryan.  Some movies that seem to be very innocuous have a huge, profound effect on me that lasts days or weeks, like Full Metal Jacket, and The Long Kiss Goodnight, which both gave me nightmares for weeks.  And Disney movies I inevitably cry through.  So go figure.  The Indiana Jones movies are a good example of the kind of movie I like.  Lots of action and movement, not a lot of the nasty stuff, a laugh now and then and good special effects.  My   Guru Maharaj  is sometimes compared to Indiana Jones because of the dangerous places and situations he gets himself into.  He's absolutely fearless when it comes to preaching, and really takes huge risks (like slipping over hostile international borders in the middle of the night without a visa and in disguise) to spread the Holy Name.  His diary reads like a cliffhanger novel.    You can read it here.    I definitely recommend it.  It doesn't matter if you're a devotee or even a believer.  An adventure is an adventure no matter what.  Although I read a lot, I don't read a lot of fiction.  I am exceptionally picky about what I read, and my tastes have changed over the years.  When I was a teenager I was hopelessly addicted to Stephen King, but as I grew older I don't know if his writing changed or if my taste did.  I think Misery was the last good book I read by him.  I also used to read other gory horror writers, but I sort of just moved beyond.  Here is my current list of people you can depend on for a good fiction:  1.  JRR Tolkien : The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings trilogy.  What more can I say?  I've read these books annually for about 20 years now. 2.  Michael Crichton : Jurassic Park, Eaters of the Dead (later filmed as The 13th Warrior), Airframe.  I will read anything this man writes.  His style is absolutely addictive. 3.  James Michener :Hawaii, South Pacific, Caravans, Chesapeake, Alaska, Poland.  Everything this man writes is a monument.  Is it fact or fiction?  The lines become blurred.  It's kind of awesome to think how much he must know to write the way he does.  The books are oh so long, but very much worth it. 4.  HP Lovecraft : At the Mountains of Madness, various collections of short stories and creator of the whole Cthulu Mythos.  Quaint and predictable in style (how many wealthy semi-invalid antiquarian men in their early 20's can there be?), they still manage to capture my imagination. 5.  AA Milne :Very few things are better than an afternoon in Hundred Acre Wood with Pooh and Piglet. 6.  Lewis Carroll : Alice, the Duchess, the Hunting of the Snark, Jabberwocky.  Carroll defined nonsense in a Victorian world. 7.  Dr. Seuss : Poetry, story, cartoon, or social commentary?  The works of Dr. Seuss are lyric.  They beg to be read out loud, and over and over.  The illustrations are a joy but beyond that, their simple music bring me a smile no matter how many times I've recited it.  "I meant what I said and I said what I meant, an elephant's faithful one hundred percent."  Even people who hate poetry love Dr. Seuss.  He REdefined nonsense-for the twentieth century.  Made a very nice supper of scrambled tofu.    Fantastic Foods  makes a lot of great products that are all vegan.  If you find them in your local grocery store, give them a try, because there aren't many options out there for vegetarians and vegans.  Did you know that Morningstar Farms products contain egg whites?  How dare they market as vegetarian!  Anyway, it's very misleading, so always read your labels.   Quote For Today:   When Cortes reached the New World, he burned his ships.  As a result, his men were well motivated."-Capt. Marko Ramius, The Hunt For Red October   All right-have a good night!   ');"> postCount(' ');