         So we're in a Winter Storm Warning with some freezing rain tonight and it seems some ice accumulations.  Lucky me, I decided I was going to take an office night tonight.  There's snow up in Hillsborough, so I guess I ought to be grateful we don't have that.  Scott's got his new toy, a Rotel AV receiver.  This is a very expensive piece of electronics that I haven't quite got figured out yet.  We've had tons of them and it seems that what they do is take all the signals from all your various other pieces of electronics, like a CD player, DVD player, sattelite box, laserdisc player, etc, and then send the signal out to your speakers.  Now I could be wrong on that.  Anyway, then it can change the way the signal goes to your speakers and run the sound in all different ways.  We've had a few of them-every time we get a new one, it's a more expensive one.  He seems very happy with it.  The system he's created seems very nice to me, but then again, I don't know much about these things.  All I know is that once I learn how to use the remote, he's busy selling something, and I have to relearn it all again.  I don't much care for movies or television, but I do like to listen to music.  He and I have remarkably different taste in music, for the most part, but over the years we've each bent a little and expanded our mutual horizons.  For example, at the moment we've got the Ventures playing.  Now everyone loves the Ventures because they're the classic surf music band, with that twangy Telecaster/Danelectro tremelo tone thing going on.  They've written and performed a lot of good songs.  Probably the best known is 'Walk Don't Run', which was such a huge hit for them that they decided it was worth recording several different versions of it.  Bad move.  The reason everyone liked the song so much was not so much because the writing was so stellar, but because that twangy surf sound thing was so good in it.  Believe me, the Studio 54 Disco version will make you want to burn every Quiana shirt you have hidden in the back of your closet.  And if you aren't old enough to know what a Quiana shirt is, then you aren't old enough to listen to the album anyway.  But all in all, I like the Ventures.  Doesn't everyone?  The whole 'surround sound' thing can cause quite a problem if you're not an electrician.  How do you get the 15 miles of necessary wiring around your room to the speakers?  We've got five speakers in the livingroom and it was a problem on the scale of quantum physics equations to figure out how to incorporate all this cable into our decorating scheme.  The solution was postulated by yours truly with great success.  When we redid the livingroom this summer, we went with a black/white/chrome/aluminum diamondplate scheme.  My idea for the whole room was 'neoindustrial', and we built all the furniture ourselves out of MDF, with lots of black high gloss paint and sheets of diamondplate for the tabletops and fireplace surround.  The wall art is eclectic with a heavy emphasis on New York City-subway photographs, 1930's era street scenes (all in black in white, with black frames) and various bits of things such as landmine markers from Korea ("SAFE LANE"/"MINES DANGER"), a subway car ID plate (7170), a neon Victory dealership sign, and a laminated subway map.  So the idea was to run black PVC pipe around the perimeter of the room, and thread all the wires through that.  It took some work to find black PVC pipe (it's called ABS and isn't code anymore, so it's hard to get) and a LOT of work to get the wiring through and the pipe level on the wall with the cleats and stuff.  But it looks good.  Most people when they arrive say something like "Wow, that's totally cool, but I wouldn't have it in my house."  Thankfully, we both have the same taste and like having every room different.  I wouldn't want diamondplate in my bedroom.    ');"> postCount(' ');