         You ever see those 'sponsor a child' commercials, where the nicely dressed man is holding some poor barefoot ragamuffin's hand as they walk through the sewer and the local landfill?  The kids always have dirty faces and the raggiest clothes and they're always filmed doing something utterly heartwrenching like fighting with a dog over a  moldy piece of bread.  Every time I see these commercials I feel like kicking the television.  These sponsorship people, why aren't they taking these kids and washing their faces, giving them a pair of shoes, a shirt that fits?  I always get the impression that there's some makeup lady behind the scenes smearing more dirt on their faces between takes and going, 'Okay, love, let's try that big eyed pitiful look one more time.'  I've sponsored children, don't get me wrong.  In fact there are a whole host of charities I contribute to regularly, some of which are wholly dedicated to providing hot meals for children who don't otherwise get any.  I think the whole sponsor a child thing is a good idea.  It's the commercials I find disturbing.  They strike me as exploitative and somehow sleazy, and I'd much rather see footage of someone washing these kids' faces and giving them a pair of socks with the money I donated, then having some nicely dressed man walk along in his shiny Italian shoes with some barefoot little kid who hasn't had a decent meal in a month.  In general I hate the television.  Always have, even as a kid.  There's alwas been things I've liked-cartoons, the old Batman series, Hawaii Five O (my favourite show as a kid), things like that.  Paleoworld is one of my favourite shows, and Extreme Earth.  But in general I despise television and have watched as little of it as possible.  In particular I hate the news.  Good news doesn't sell.  It's all about panic and drama and finding the worst parts of humanity to dwell upon and exploit.  It enjoys wallowing in the mud of humanity, and glorifying all the things that are worst about people and human nature.  I just hate it.  Commercials I can generally tolerate, if they're funny, but beyond that, just give me some old Bugs Bunny cartoons.  Call me escapist if you like.  I don't need to know what's on 'the news'.  I don't want to know, either.  If it was up to me, I don't think we'd even have a television.  My husband is a movie nut, so we have not only a very enormous and nice television but a cinema-busting sound system (receiver by Rotel.. ooh la la), but I'm not and have never been attached to it.  I like some movies- I've always been partial to Godzilla, Jackie Chan, Bruce Lee, and lately old Jet Li movies.  I like educational programs, especially things that have to do with geology, plate tectonics, or archaeology.  I liked that movie Airplane!.  I've seen This Is Spinal Tap so many times I know ALL the dialogue.  But in general, I can go for a week or ten days without ever watching television and never miss it.  I wonder how many people could just shut off their television.  Why not give it a try, and see what happens?  Just try one night to not watch ANY television for 24 hours, and see how you feel.  Then let me know about it.  We had an amazingly slow night last night, 10 empty beds and not one admission.  It was kind of eerie.  I'm guessing there's some kind of conjugation of the planets happening there.  Have a good day, and chant Hare Krishna to be happy.    ');"> postCount(' ');