         I wish that we could live in a devotee community and near the temple.  But maybe this is Krsna's special project for us.  I say us even though Scott isn't a devotee (yet)- we still do things together.  So maybe this is a task for us- to develop a community here.  Krsna knows everything, and everything works out as it ought.  So how can anything be bad?  We have so much karma, so much punishment we deserve for all the evil, sinful things we've done-and of this, we only get a token.  If we are honest with ourselves we admit we deserve so much more.  So maybe it's just a matter of perception-a matter of learning how to see.  For example, sometimes I feel bad because we don't have children, and I ask myself why, and get all upset and think about what evil karma I must have in my past that we don't have children now.  Then, sometimes, I think, well, maybe it's a blessing.  Maybe Krsna is actually rewarding us by not giving us all that worry, and expense, and anxiety.  Instead, we have more opportunity to focus on Him, and more time to devote to Him.  So really, it's a blessing, isn't it?  It all seems to be how I decide to look at it-from a selfish, me-centered, whiny viewpoint, or from a bigger viewpoint that goes outside what I might personally think I want to look at other possibilities.  So maybe this is really a great task and a great, wonderful opportunity.  Here's the chance for me to tell other people about Krsna, in a place where literally nobody is a devotee.  How fantastic it is to perhaps be the very first person to tell someone about Krsna Consciousness, and to share Srila Prabhupada's books!  What an amazing opportunity!  To bring someone to Krsna Consciousness is the greatest thing you could possibly do for them, in this lifetime or any other.  People go hundreds and thousands of lifetimes before they might get the opportunity to hear about Krsna's pastimes-and then the actual chance to perform some devotional service as well!  It is really a rare gift, isn't it?  So I think maybe it's all about how to look at situations.  If I can think about things positively instead of selfishly and negatively, everything changes.    I have that job interview tomorrow.  I am excited and nervous both about it.  I hope it goes well.