         Just got home from Hillsborough.  For only 160 miles away it's a whole lot colder.  I was very glad to have brought my long underwear because it was 19 degrees out at four this morning when I was leaving the Microtel to go to the temple.  And let me tell you, this 'winter weight' sari I have on is for 'winters' in south India, I think.  Anyway I had my big poofy Michelin Man coat and my serious backwoods gloves and my ugly hat, and after mangal aroti was over I actually went outside to chant japa.  It wasn't so bad as long as I kept walking around.  After a while I went into the guest house to warm up my face a little and I sat down (mistake of all mistakes) and fell asleep.  So I missed everything after mangal aroti, but I eventually woke up and had all 16 of my rounds chanted by 830.  I had breakfast with Mandakini and then I drove around for a while to look at the area and see if anything good was for sale.  I drove almost all the way to Roxboro.  I went through  Schley, which is a town (town? intersection.) that's been intriguing me on the map.  Mostly all there was, was cows and an American Legion hall.  I guess we need to do more looking.  Not that I mind cows.  I would like to have a cow.    Anyway, then I went back to the temple and just hung around for a while.  I talked with Ram Ranjana and he gave me a picture he made that I like very much.  It has a (very imaginative) NYC skyline, and Prabhupada's hands, writing that poem he wrote when he first came here about 'make me dance'.  He always shows me his art and he's actually very talented, I think (anyone who can read, write and speak three languages fluently is talented) and every now and then he gives me a print of one of his pictures.  In the library I have a framed picture he did of Radharani.    I heard back from Gurudeva about chanting.  He said it's okay to use a clicker.  Now, he doesn't like clickers for general use (I found this out the hard way) but he is giving me permission to use one while my hand's out of commission.  So I have to go to Office Depot or something and get one.  My surgery will be on the 29th, sometime in the morning.  It hasn't all been scheduled yet.  He's going to do it over at Cape Fear, which is interesting.  Because I'm a hospital employee, the hospital insurance won't allow you to have outpatient surgery at Surgcare.  (Monopoly!) Anyway, the sooner it's done, the sooner it's over with.  It feels like I've been away three or four days, which to me says that I really needed to get up there.  The Deities were beautiful and I took several pictures of them, so I'll be having those developed tomorrow.  Caitanya made lunch today.  She's a really good cook.  One of the things she made was a dish that had cactus in it.  I never had cactus before.  It sort of tasted like a cross between an avocado and a green pepper.  And she made some salsa that was beyond hot.  It's rare that this happens, but I couldn't eat it, that's how hot it was.  Also for lunch was steamies, and rice, and a nice dish with kidney beans, and some soup made with moong dal and vegetables, and salad with avocado dressing, and chapatis, and the salsa, and a subji that had peas and cheese in it.  There was also a drink made with strawberries and I don't know what other kind of fruit in it.  Breakfast was halava, some oatmeal with raisins in it, muffins, and a dish of rice with broccoli and peas, with hot carob milk and a mixed juice that I think had mango in it.  If people only knew how good you can eat without eating any animals, I don't think anyone would.  Not only is it more humane and better for you, it's cheaper.    Anyway, I'm tired.  I only got about two hours sleep yesterday before I left to go to Hillsborough, then last night I was totally wired, so I fell asleep around 11 and got up at 3:30 to get ready to go to the temple.  I had a hard time keeping my eyes open on the ride home.  I think I'm going to sleep good tonight.  So.  Did you miss me?     ');"> postCount(' ');