         Yesterday I was driving along very nicely and saw about 500 birds all flying wildly about overhead.  Have you ever seen how they do this?  It's vaguely intimidating, and I got to thinking, why should I be worried about a flock of birds?  Then I started thinking about that movie, "The Birds", and wondering what was REALLY so scary about it?  Why was it so frightening?  I mean, it WAS scary.  But why?  They're just birds.  So I started thinking and here is my theory, make of it what you will: Birds are related to dinosaurs.  I'm not saying evolved from, because I don't believe in evolution, evolution is silly and illogical.  I'll keep that for the next paragraph.  But birds are related to the dinosaurs.  So I'm thinking, maybe it's some kind of genetic collective memory thing.  Even the word 'raptor' means bird of prey, and although most people associate that word with the velociraptors from Jurassic Park, there is a whole category of bird called 'raptors', which include things like hawks and falcons and stuff.  Now about evolution.  It doesn't make sense to me.  I love archaeology and paleontology and all that stuff and I've studied it since I was a little kid (literally, four years old) but evolution is just a crock of nonsense.  Do you really want me to believe, for example, that here's this momma dinosaur and this daddy dinosaur, and they suddenly give birth to something that looks nothing like them?  No.  I don't believe that.  And if that's the case, why aren't we still evolving?  Has anyone ever seen one species change into another?  If you go out and live in the outback and spend all your time stretching your neck to pull leaves off the tops of trees, will your children be born with long necks?  Cmon.  I think it's a lot of propaganda.  This has nothing at all to do with religion or anything like that.  I just think evolution is a crock.  And I don't like the fact that even though it's JUST a theory, it's presented as fact.  You watch Walking with Dinosaurs and see what I mean.  It was a great series and I enjoyed it, but they took a lot of liberties and made a lot of guesses, especially about the social behaviour of these creatures, but everything's presented as if it were fact, and the word 'evolution' or derivatives thereof were used about a million times.  My personal opinion as a grownup is that evolution is illogical, and I'm sticking to it.    ');"> postCount(' ');