         I know it sounds stupid but working that one extra day is pretty rough.  I was all confused most of the night anyway because I started at 11 instead of 7 and it just totally threw me off.  Everything started to go downhill at 5, people were having some problems, and the learning curve for this new cardiac stuff is pretty steep.  We all as a group and me personally have a lot to learn.  On the positive side, I was able to work some miracles with the day staffing and keep them fully staffed (more than I can say for how they do us, generally) and then a whole flock of students showed up.  Even better than that, because I was hanging around trying to wrap up everything, I got to talk with some of them and give them report, etc.  Three (yes  THREE ) of them said they wanted to work in CMTU on nights.  I thought I was hallucinating.  How great is that?  Anyway, they don't graduate til May and wouldn't be legal til sometime in June/July, but just the fact that someone was expressing an interest was very positive for me.  I love to teach.  The thought of having three to precept and bring up is pretty great.  If I had my bachelor's degree, I'd be teaching LPNs right now.  But the thought of having to take statistics is just too much.  Today I'm going to see the orthopaedic surgeon.  Did you know that they are also called 'orthopods'?  Now I am not sure why, but they are.  It's a weird word.  Anyway, this is the same guy who fixed my ankle when I broke it, so I trust him (even though my ankle tends to ache me a lot..but that's really my fault for waiting so long to have anything done to it).  This, however, is a hand, which is even more vital to me as a nurse.  So we'll see what he says.  Probably they'll do a set of films, then a cortisone shot, and write me some prescriptions, and if that doesn't help immediately and immensely, then probably set me up for surgery.  The problem for me is that the pain is really kind of intermittent in that it bothers me for a week or ten days nonstop and then goes away for a couple of weeks.  I don't know.  We'll see how it goes.  Last night I sprung a brand new dish on Scott with very pleasant results.  I made some cheese for a different dish the other day and had some leftover.  So I cut it into little pieces, pan-fried it til it was crispy, and served it in a homemade tomato sauce over Asian wheat noodles.  He actually liked it and ate two plates, which is an event akin to the conjunction of the planets, so I was in seventh heaven.  Here are the recipes: they are both very easy.  The noodles you have to find in your local Saigon market.  Homemade Cheese (Paneer) Put whole milk into a spotlessly clean pan.  It is very important that the pan be absolutely clean to prevent your cheese from having any problems.  I usually scald my pot first with boiling water just to be sure.  You must use whole milk to make cheese.  I have never tried lactose-free milk for paneer, so I have no idea about that.  Generally any quantity less than half a gallon is worthless, so start with at least that much.  You will appreciate using a nonstick pan for this. Bring the milk to a boil, stirring pretty regularly to keep it from burning on the bottom.  Milk boils funny-it sort of foams, so watch it carefully to know when it's ready.  When the milk is boiling, add lemon juice.  For a half gallon of milk I typically will add about a quarter cup of lemon juice.  Sprinkle it over the whole surface, stirring slowly as you do.  The milk will curdle instantly.  Keep stirring very gently for a few minutes, turning the heat off, and let the curds come together.  The whey will be a clear greenish-yellow colour.  Now you pour the curds into a colander lined with cheesecloth (I have a cheese press, which is easier, but the colander will do) and rinse the curds with cool water to get the lemon juice out.  Now you can take the cheescloth by the corners, gathering it up, and tie them carefully together to keep the curds in.  Hang the cheesecloth from your faucet to drain out the whey.  This is going to give you a soft cheese like ricotta.  If you want firm cheese, you have to press it-so you'd need to put the tied-off cheesecloth back into the colander and find a weight to press down on it for an hour or two.  Paneer will keep several days in tupperware in the refrigerator and is useful for many, many recipes.  My Homemade Tomato Sauce Take one 15 oz can of diced tomatoes and puree it in the blender.  Then put the following spices in a mortar and pestle: 5 whole cloves, 1/2 tsp cinnamon, 1 tsp cumin seeds, 1 tsp coriander powder, 1 tsp salt  and grind everything to a powder.  Now in a frying pan put about a tablespoon and a half of butter.  When it's melted and starting to sizzle, add 1 teaspoon of ginger paste or 2 teaspoons fresh grated ginger and fry for about a minute.  Then add the spices and a half cup of the tomato puree and fry for two minutes more.  Your kitchen is going to smell so good.  Then add the rest of the tomato puree and simmer on low for about 25 minutes.  About ten minutes prior to serving, add the fried paneer cubes to the sauce and let them absorb all the flavours.    Offer the fried paneer and sauce over rice, pasta, or Asian wheat noodles to Krishna, and then serve to your happy guests.  Have a lovely day, and chant Hare Krishna to be happy.   ');"> postCount(' ');