         Two things occurred to me tonight.  One, it had to be a man who invented pantyhose.  (I was right.  His name was Allen Gant Senior.  Pantyhose were first introduced here in North "first in flight, first in pantyhose" Carolina in 1959.)  Second, I ought to make a pantyhose aerobics video.  For Christmas sake, they're like torture.  Of course, being the abundantly blessed woman I am, all my pantyhose are the industrial strength high-tensile radial belted steel control top kind, which makes it even more of a workout.  Seriously, you can break a sweat putting these things on.  Then, at the very last moment, when you think you're finally there, zing! You get a run that looks like the CSX Atlantic Coast Line track running from thigh to ankle.  And so you begin again.  But the fun doesn't end with just getting them on, oh no.  Then you have to actually move about the place and so on.  And they creep.  Have you never heard of pantyhouse creep?  It's a serious issue.  There you are, going about your business without any problem, when suddenly the crotch of the pantyhose is strangling your knees.  Naturally, this only occurs when you are at least 50 yards from the nearest closet/bathroom/office/stairwell/whatever where you can hide and adjust them.  But wait!  There's more.  The last and possibly the most serious issue of wearing pantyhose is the dreaded center seam.  Now, if you don't get those pantyhose JUST RIGHT, or if they creep, that seam is going to create more friction than LA needs to create a day's worth of electricity.  The government's studying this as we speak-whether chubby women in pantyhose can somehow be rigged to a treadmill and the resultant seam chafe friction used to power steam turbines to create a cheap and renewable source of electricity.  Richard Simmons is thrilled-if it's approved, he's got plans for a series of powerplants around the country marketed as women's gyms, with rows of treadmills all rigged to capacitors, and big generator substations out back.  L'eggs is in on it too, with free pantyhose to all members for the life of their membership.  It's potentially enormous.  Bush is pushing it in Congress, hoping he can shut out the Middle East as an international power by eliminating our dependence on imported oil.  You heard it here first.  So all that remains now is for me to get a hold of Peter "Lord of the Rings" Jackson and have him direct my "Pantyhose For Pounds" exercise video.  Brilliant.  (Have a good night, chant Hare Krishna, and be happy.  I'm going to go chant a while and then head off to work.)    ');"> postCount(' ');