         I'm entirely unable to sleep today, which I am sure I will regret deeply by around midnight.  Mind you, I  tried  to sleep, but for some reason, it just wasn't working.  It's 57 and sunny today.  I froze all weekend, and now this.  Wrote a letter to Sri Prahlad seeing if there's any news about Gurudeva's spring schedule.  I know it's really early for this kind of thing but we do our schedules SO far in advance, I just have to try.  I don't want to be messing up the schedule at the last minute and I certainly don't want them to say I can't go.  But I doubt I'll have any solid news on his itinerary before the first of March.    I still haven't heard back from Gurudeva yet.  I will probably resend the letter again before I go to work.  Sometimes I think they just get lost in his mailbox-I am sure it has thousands of letters in it every week.  Also, he goes to all kinds of places and different countries, and how good is the access there?  I don't know.  Anyway, I will be persistent and just resend it every couple of weeks until I get a reply.  This happened once before and at first I was in hysterics thinking I'd said something in my letter he disapproved of or that he was angry, but you know, on reflection, I don't think he would hesitate to correct me if I was in the wrong about something.  He can be extremely strict when necessary, and he's very disciplined.  Maybe it was the USMC training.  Is this a lesson in taking mundane things and using them for spiritual purposes?  Anyway, I have to work three days this week, which I suppose will be good when the paycheck arrives but mentally right now I don't want to think about it.  Maybe I'll get to work today and I'll hear that they've hired five nurses to work nights that are all starting next week.  Yeah, right.  Anyway, I can dream.  Janmastami this year falls on Labour day, which would have caused a problem because I am supposed to work that day, but one of my coworkers has promised to switch with me.  I'm going to fix it so that I can be up in Hillsborough for several days just like always.  I love Janmastami.  Speaking of Hillsborough, I'm going up there next Monday for an overnight stay.  I had a free night at the Microtel, and I haven't been there in forever.  Don't laugh.  The Microtel is clean, nice, and quiet, especially on weekdays, and it's close to the temple, and I've stayed there so many times they all know me now.  I always stay there when I go up, except when Gurudeva's here, and then I stay at the house he stays at.  It's nice.  This year will be nicer, because I won't be so freaked out.  By the way, Gurudeva's egroup now has 32 members.    Hare Krishna!    ');"> postCount(' ');