         I spent a good bit of last night wandering about singing.  Not very loud, of course, because all my people are trying to sleep, but singing just the same.  I like to sing at work, when I'm not so busy that I forget to.  I don't sing very well, but I sing anyway.  It makes me feel like I'm in a more devotional environment than just my job.  Singing is such a huge part of what we do.  Singing, dancing, chanting, eating.  Going out in public and singing or chanting the holy name is called "harinam sankirtan".  This is many people's first exposure to devotees or to Krishna's holy name, and an enthusiastic harinam has brought many people to Krishna.  Besides singing the maha-mantra, my favourite prayer to sing are the prayers to Lord Nrsimhadeva, the half-lion/half-man incarnation that came to protect His pure devotee Sri Prahlad.  Prahlad was a little boy who was very devoted to the Lord.  His father, however, was a demon, and tried everything he could to get Prahlad to give up religion.  He beat him, tortured him, and tried to kill him.  (This was before DSS said you couldn't spank your kids.)  Prahlad kept the faith, and one day, in response to a challenge from Prahlad's father Hiranyakasipu, the Lord manifested Himself right there and killed Hiranyakasipu.  There's more to the story, of course, but I don't really have time to tell you all the details just now.  Anyway, Lord Nrsimhadeva is very protective of His devotees and keeps them safe.  And His prayers are my favourite to sing.  They are some of the first prayers I learned, too.  It's supposed to snow today, but so far all we have is 40 degrees and raining, which equals raw and miserable.  I don't particularly care for snow, having seen enough of it when we lived in NY, but even an inch down here totally paralyses the town.  It's comical but also kind of pitiful in a way.  We can have a hurricane and get three feet of sand in the street, and everyone's back to work the next day.  An inch of snow shuts the place down for a week.  Anyway, I've got a three day weekend this weekend, and I plan on relaxing, snuggling, watching some movies, and doing things around the house.  We're losing yet another nurse at work, which just cranks my stress level up to 11 ("this one goes to eleven.") and I feel like I need to get in some pre-emptive relaxation before I actually have to deal with the loss.  Jai Nrsimha Sri Nrsimha Jai Jai Nrsimha      ');"> postCount(' ');