         Well, winter's arrived.  It never gets cold here until January, and somehow it always takes me by surprise.  Last week I was outside in 75 degrees chanting in the sun, and right now it's only 28.    I'm working some extra days in the next couple of weeks.  I'm not really excited about doing it, but I believe in a team mentality and if I am going to ask everyone to work extra then by crikey I ought to work extra too.  I don't want to be a hypocrite.  It still doesn't make working extra any easier.  However, it's only an eight hour shift, and I've scheduled them after two twelves.  This way it ought to feel like a walk in the park, and besides, I'll be able to get some extra sleep and stuff before going in.    We on night shift are at 'critical' staffing, which means 'barely enough people to get the job done'.  The only good thing about this, and I'm not all that sure it's good, is that it means we're eligible for 'critical staffing' pay.  This is a substantial number of dollars per hour over and above overtime (about $7/hr additional).  While this doesn't generate the additional staff we need, it does generate some interest in the current staff to pick up extra time.  I'm not quite sure when critical staffing pay will kick in, but I'm pretty sure it will be soon.  The bigger question is why has it taken this long to get here, but we're in a new department now and I'm not going to wallow in the past.  People often wonder why there's a nursing shortage.  It's not so much that nursing schools aren't graduating people-they're stuffed to bursting.  It's more, at least here, that work conditions have deteriorated to the point where all your experienced nurses are burned out and leaving the field.  Having experienced nurses on hand is crucial in nursing.  When you're a new grad, you don't just magically become a nurse the day your license arrives in the mail.  It takes about a year just to learn how to make sense of things, and then you're still considered a 'new' nurse for about three years.  Nurses learn from each other, the older ones teaching the newer ones, so if you have an area with a high proportion of new grads, they don't get that hands-on mentoring that is so important.  This is frustrating for them, and they don't learn the way they should.  Then they get burned out and go work in another field.  So it seems to be a circular problem.  I don't know what the problem is in other places.  The other situation is that, of course, there really isn't a market here for RNs outside the hospital.  And what if you don't want to or can't work there?  Then you're SOL.    Anyway, I'm hopeful that some aggressive recruitment will be done and we will get some staff with experience, and things will settle down.  Beyond that, I have to try and sleep some today.  First day back is always hard on me.    ');"> postCount(' ');