         I made it through my 90 days at work.    Lots of changes are coming there soon, as we are becoming a different unit in a whole different division of the hospital.  Change is hard for lots of people, including me.  Someone once told me that having trouble dealing with change is part of my alcoholic personality, but I've been sober almost 14 years now, so I'm not sure if that was just a lotta talk or what.  Anyway, I think fear of the unknown and everything is common to all people.  I think it will be okay, for the most part-I will just be happy when the 'change' part is over and we can settle down to business.  I've got some plans for officially beginning the community preaching effort that should begin next week.  So if you don't hear anything about it, be sure to rag me and keep me accountable.  I have to stick to at least one of my resolutions.    I am anxiously waiting for some Prabhupada DVDs to arrive.  It's a rainy day today and it sure would be nice if they came this afternoon.  I have to get some laundry done and wash dishes and so on, but this afternoon ought to be quiet and it would be nice to have some quiet time.  I'm back more steadily into reading Bhagavad gita, at least 10 verses a day (I read very quickly so this is like half-hour of reading a day).  My husband's a real picky eater and hates most foods, especially vegetables.  But he's given up beef for his new year's resolution (jaya!) and we've worked out a bit of a contract.  He's buying some audio components for the livingroom (again.. we have a better sound system than the local movie house) and in exchange for me not complaining about the massive cost incurred for replacing perfectly good components that we have now, he's agreed to at least TASTE everything I cook for the next two years.  Now this might sound stupid to you, but it's a huge breakthrough for me.  I love to cook.  Cooking is such a big part of our religion-we cook for Krishna, and offer prasadam (food that's been offered to Krishna) to everyone.  Prasadam is very powerful.  It's spiritual nourishment as well as physical, and having him be willing at least to taste is so motivating.  In fact, I think I'll go cook now. :)    ');"> postCount(' ');