         Today is Ekadasi.  This is a day that falls eleven days after the full or new moon.  On this day we fast from beans and grains, and we try and devote more time to chanting/hearing/remembering.  Today I'm sewing a uniform dress.  It's not actually a dress but a jumper.  The pattern only has four pieces, but I'm no Betsy Ross, so it's enough to make me nervous.  I like to sew, though, even though I'm not good at it.  I have a non-electric Singer machine (the kind you do with your feet, like your grandmother used to do).  These machines are actually still in production by the Singer company.  I bought mine new, and they are widely used throughout the world.  It doesn't do fancy stitches or buttonholes, but it does make a beautiful tiny stitch (about 20-30 stitches to the inch) and has a lovely quiet rhythmic sound to it.  It makes sense when you think of how many parts of the world don't have electricity (still) or where electricity is unreliable, and a machine like this can really revolutionise the process of clothing one's family over hand stitching.  I've sewn dresses by hand, too, so I know from personal experience.   In our country we are familiar with the Amish, who don't use electricity.  Amish women also use treadle machines, but most of them use converted electric machines that can do fancy stitching (to me, a zigzag is fancy.. 'fancy' is relative).  The patterns they use are traditional and simple, but sturdy and just what I wanted for work uniforms.  I'm hoping that in time and with practice I'll get better at it.  Spiritual life also takes practice.  We don't drop habits overnight.  I hear people all the time who tell me they 'can't possibly give up meat/alcohol/smoking/caffiene.'  It's not that you can't.  It's that you won't.  That's the reality of it.  You can if you really want to, and if you believe that you're doing the right thing for the right reason.  Nobody's saying it'll be easy.  It took me weeks to get over the caffiene headaches.  But with practice, and determination, and perseverance, you can.  You just have to get it straight as a priority.  Someone once complained to Srila Prabhupada that he didn't have enough time to chant his rounds.  Srila Prabhupada pointed out that the devotee had plenty of time to eat and to sleep.  It's all a matter of making priorities.  2004 for me is going to be about keeping my priorities straight.  How about you?    ');"> postCount(' ');