         Please don't think I feel like women ought to be barefoot and pregnant, or abused by their husbands, or kept ignorant and illiterate.  I don't feel that way.  But I do think there is a natural order of things, and that we spend an awful lot of time turning the system upside down and suffering from the consequences of it.  If we could just return our focus a bit more, lose some of this pride, stop trying to be men-I think we would do better.  This doesn't mean a woman can't ever work-lots of women have to work in order to eat.  I work.  But it means that we should know what our priorities are.  Lots of people think Srila Prabhupada was sexist or whatever because of things he said.  On the surface, it might look that way-but we have to look past the superficial, into the actual meaning.  There are real physical and biological differences between men and women that prove that we are designed differently for different functions and roles.  Women are hardwired emotionally in a different way than men are, and men see and process things differently.  Why is it so bad?  Why do we want so badly to be what we aren't?  Why do we buck at the thought of being less than entirely self-sufficient and independent and 'not having a man tell us what to do'?  Is it just a female way of expressing this envy of Krishna, this desire to be God?  I can't think of anything I'd rather do than stay at home, and cook meals, and clean, and make sure the house was a little bit of Vaikuntha on earth for my husband.  I've spent time out (weeks) sick from work, and once I got to a point where I could function, I really enjoyed being at home and doing things for him.  I liked having supper ready the minute he got home.  I took pride in keeping the house neat and clean, rather than doing a slip job because I was busy working 50 hours a week.  I got satisfaction out of seeing him happy and contented with the way things were.  It was really good.  I didn't turn into a vegetable or a robot or lose any IQ points.  I spent time reading and studying as well as doing things around the house.  I baked bread and planned nice meals every day, instead of once a week on a Friday or Saturday.  I really felt good about who I was, as a woman and a wife.  Why have we poisoned our minds against this?    This is a large part of why I want to start my own business.  I really want to work from home.  I feel like if I work from home, I will be able to do all those home-focused things like clean and cook.  I want to be here when my husband gets home.  I want him to be proud of the house, and proud of his wife who takes care of it.  I feel like if I can work at home, these things will go easier.    I make close to twice what Scott does.  He doesn't mind and he isn't threatened by it, which a lot of men are.  He's pretty liberal and enlightened in that way.  On the other hand, I don't throw it in his face or minimise what he does.  My goal in working has always been to just make money we've needed and to take some of the pressure off him.  I guess some women tend to throw it in their husbands' faces.  I think that's a really bad move.  It just creates more tension and disruption, and again, reverses the natural order of things.  Sure, I make more than he does, but I'm not out there bragging on it or using it to make him feel like less of a man.  I spend time listening to him, asking him questions, and trying to enhance his sense of self-worth, not tear it down over something as stupid and material as money.  Am I bragging? No.  I'm just whining, I guess, and trying to understand.