         If most women understood their position, they'd be so much happier.  I am currently in a situation where I am preparing to leave my job.  For lots of reasons, but one thing that stands out to me is the number of women I work with who are unhappy in their marriages.  Because of this, they tend to put in lots of hours-they don't want to go home.  Everything suffers because of this.  Krishna consciousness is so nice.  Everything comes together automatically and becomes right.  Feminism is not the wonderful great thing most people think it is and propagandise that it is.  A woman should look at her husband as her guru, and understand how the pieces of the puzzle fit together.  My husband is not a devotee.  Still I look to him for guidance and leadership.  That's his role.  We don't have children, so me working is not the issue it would be if we had children-still, I try to understand what my proper role is in the marriage and strive towards it.  I am not perfect by any means, but I do try.  And this feminist mentality is so pervasive that women themselves will put you down for keeping your husband and your home life as your first priority.  Many women will say that their children are the first priority and that's good-but what about the husband?  Too many women don't trust their husbands or look to them to lead and to guide.  Perhaps the husband is not fit to lead or guide-or perhaps he just hasn't got any confidence.  My husband is very supportive of me even when he is advising me against something.  I try and be as supportive of him, even though sometimes my fears get in the way when he talks about taking risks or making changes.  I try to invest in him-in building him up, in letting him know I think he is absolutely fantastic and the smartest, most brilliant, handsomest man there is, full of all good qualities.  He isn't perfect either-but I still think he's absolutely fantastic.  I think more women should spend some time doing this, and I think they'd see some improvement in the state of their marriages.  It seems to me like a lot of marriages have trouble because the women think they are the men, and try and rule things.  That just can't work.  This doesn't mean that the men are not to blame-they need to step up and be responsible and be that leader they are supposed to be-a qualified one, not some alcohol-drinking, drug-taking, irresponsible unemployed person.  They should work just as hard to be what they should-providers, leaders, guiders.  I think if people could work on this there would be a lot less difficulty in marriage.  Krishna consciousness provides for all this.  It's a system that covers everything, all in itself.  That's why it's perfect.  We may not be, but Krishna is, and He's the goal.