         Just received the following letter (the FOURTH letter from Gurudeva today-this is definitely a record!).  All I can say is: I always talk about how tough and strict my spiritual master is, but this is absolutely unlimited mercy.  I am totally in awe.  Really.  Like the rollercoaster of events is almost a little too much to understand.  Was it a test from Krsna of sincerity?  Or just burning off a little negative karma with all those tears?  Or what?  I do know this.  Today I learned something about myself.  I don't think I ever really realised how intense or real these emotions are.  If someone had told me I would have busted out crying like a baby hearing he wasn't going to be here this year, I don't think I would have believed it.  But it happened, and it was totally real, totally spontaneous and excruciatingly sincere.  It sort of shocked me a little bit, in a way.  I really wasn't expecting my reaction to be so full-on.  The first time I actually met my spiritual master face to face to speak with him (as opposed to just listening to a class or whatever), it was in Chapel Hill at the Festival of India.  He had just arrived, and I came over, offered obesiances, and he let me put a garland on him.  Then for no apparent reason I just busted out in tears.  I was with my friend Mahamantra and all she could say to comfort me was that it was very appropriate to be a fool in front of the spiritual master.  And certainly I was a fool, and felt very stupid about the whole thing.  Later on that evening, Srila Gurudeva was telling stories (he is a great storyteller.  My favourite story is the one about Kesava the elephant.)  and he was talking about some devotees who were crying upon just having met Srila Prabhupada.  And what he said was that he was envious of these devotees, who already had so much devotion that they were able to cry.  He said, "here they are, and I was just a stone with no feelings."  So that made me feel a little better, after hearing that.  People have asked me how do you develop a relationship with your guruji when he is so far away and you only see him once a year?  It seems to them that it can hardly be possible to actually have a relationship worth anything.  But I don't think it depends on things like time and space.  The guru-disciple relationship is eternal.  It goes from life to life, and I think, once you find it, if you've made the right decision, that mundane physical conceptions like time and location really don't matter much.  Don't get me wrong.  The few days he is here each year are positively ecstatic, and I look forward to it for months and spend the rest of the year in varying levels of seperation.  But the fact that it's just a few days hasn't prevented the relationship from developing.  A guru is like a father, guiding and teaching the disciple (and correcting if necessary) on the path of spiritual knowledge.  There are lots of ways to associate with Sri Guru-by reading his instructions in the form of his books, or listening to classes or tapes, or more personally by writing and receiving letters, and visiting personally when that option is available.  Today really showed me how intense the relationship really becomes, more so than I had even realised it does.  The whole thing is just unbelievable.  Anyway, JAI SRILA GURUDEVA!  He will be here this year after all.    Dear Satyavati,  Please accept my blessings. All glories to Srila Prabhupada.  I have contacted ******** and we will work something out;  perhaps shifting dates with ********.  So be peaceful, it will be alright.  Your ever well wisher, Indradyumna Swami   ');"> postCount(' ');