         So I got the big bandage off my hand today.  I got to look at it.  It looks pretty Frankenstein.  My whole palm is bruised and there's about 15 stitches in it.  As a nurse I have to say the incision is clean without drainage and no signs or symptoms of infection.  As a patient, it looks pretty gross.  And it hurts.  I told that to the doctor and he said, "Well, you just had surgery!"  (Sometimes he irritates me.)  The stitches come out in a week, but for now I just have a bandaid and some Coban on it.  I decided to cut the fingers off a cheap (50 cent) glove and put that over it because the bandaid was bubbling and peeling.  So the glove holds everything together.  It looks kind of stupid, but what can I say.  At the very least, I can type again with all my fingers (I type 70 wpm) and he says I can drive too.  So I will be at the staff meeting on Wednesday.  I could go back to work if there was a way to keep my hand dry and clean, but I'm a floor nurse-I don't think there's any way to do that.  So it looks like I'm out of work until the 10th.  Tomorrow I'm going to call Employee Health and talk to them.  I have a feeling they won't let me work with a four day old incision and 15 stitches in my dominant hand.  I'm hoping it starts to feel better pretty soon, or I'll be calling for more Percocet.  Even though it makes me itch!  Tomorrow I also have to call my friend the doctor.  She called me and left a message on my cell phone.  She's so sweet.  Maybe we can go to Hillsborough this weekend.  I don't anticipate spending a whole lot of time up there like I had originally planned, but on the other hand, if I can get back to work on the 10th, I will save myself like 40 hours of PDO that I was originally going to burn.  This is good because it means I'll have that PDO time for April.  So the whole Janet Jackson thing, hm?  Was that really necessary?  Does anyone REALLY need to see her boob?  Why can't she just be satisfied with being pretty and talented?  Does she really NEED the shock value of showing off the boob?  Sometimes I think people just do things for no real apparent reason.  Now that I have this bandage off I think I can actually knit.  If I am careful I should be able to manage it just fine.  This is important because I have a LOT to do on Gurudeva's sweater before he gets here.  If only I could knit as fast as I type.  If only the sweater pattern didn't have mistakes in it.  What a wonderful world it would be.  Been rereading one of my favourite books, "The Art of Chanting Hare Krishna" by HH Mahanidhi Swami Maharaj.  This is really a good book.  You can click   here  to read a review I wrote of it.  This is the kind of book that's good for an everyday devotional.  Definitely worth the money if you have the opportunity to get it.  I've also started on a new book called "Leadership for an Age of Higher Consciousness".  This book is written by my friend Narayani's spiritual master, HH Bhakti Tirtha Swami Maharaj.  I figure I can use all the help I can get.  When I'm finished with it, there's a second volume, but I will have a review posted on my   regular site  for people to read.  I like writing book reviews.  I think I actually do quite a good job of it, probably because I really do enjoy it.  The weather's been very nice lately.  Maybe this means spring is almost here.  I'm thinking of planting some tomatoes again this year.  We'll see how things go.  When we move to the new house, I'm going to have a REAL garden.  Today was Scott's birthday.  I didn't get him anything, but he just got that Rotel receiver, and so that's qualifying as his Birthday present this year.    ');"> postCount(' ');