         Wow, it's 3:20 AM.  We stayed up playing Gran Turismo 3... what a rush.  I discovered this futuristic concept car, ZZ II, from a small Japanese car company called Tommy Kiara or something like that... phew. It handled really well, had great acceleration, had lots of power, etc.  Anyhow.  Wow. I'm actually keeping this thing updated... maybe I'll post a real thought now.  Tonight, I "led" praise again at church.  This week's preparation was a little hastier than the past few weeks, and I found myself focusing upon guitar parts to invent instead of the actual themes I was hoping to stress and focus upon.  Well, actually, that's how every week goes.  And, as soon as I get up there every week, I get the nervous jitters that I usually get when I do stuff in front of people... which in turn makes me forget all that I had thought of and practiced, and things then don't go as I'd hoped or planned...  At the moment I start stressing inside my mind about how I'm not keeping beat or how I totally just screwed up a song, God always then seems to take over.  The lyrics start to have a more intimate emotional impact, and I find myself playing and singing softer and starting to  listen .  I think at those moments of stillness, He really does become the real worship leader.  People start responding more emotionally and thoughtfully in prayer and in quiet song, and somehow the message of His Grace becomes much sweeter sounding to the heart... the themes He called me to focus on during the week come up again in my mind, and I start to sense this emotional intensity that comes from and  that can only be appreciated by being still and meditating upon His Word.  At that moment, He really does make it clear to me... "leading" an effective time of worship doesn't take flash or talent, it takes His influence and a heart that is willing to pursue Him through song and prayer.  I wish I can remember this every time I prepare.  God always reminds me of that truth, but I always forget after a couple of days I receive it.  Hopefully I'll get it right next time.  —The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit; a broken and contrite heart, O God, you will not despise.— ||.Psalm 51:17.||