         Add!ct!0n t0 th3 !nt3rn3t?  !n4mat!0n 0v3rfl0w.  50met!m35 !t c0mes to a sh0ck to me the extent that !'ve become addicted to the computer and the !nternet.  Ever since our family f!rst got a computer right before ! entered 9th grade, I've been glued to a computer screen.  At first, it was video games.  I installed X-Wing and then Tie-Fighter, then Doom came around.  Towards the latter part of 9th grade came the adv3nt of A0L... I must have used up 5 different free trials for the next couple of months, for each of the five credit cards my mom had.  My friend at church Abe and I would go into chat rooms and meet all sorts of weird people.  Throughout junior year, I would stay up late nights downloading video games...  ! was h00k3d.  Since then, I've not known life without a computer, besides some trips to places that I wouldn't have acces to one.  I didn't necessary go through any withdrawal symptoms... but nowadays, I do.  I just find myself "HAVING" to check my email, or making up excuses to go on the internet.  Sometimes I just open up the web browser for no reason other than force of habit.  I'm always onlin3.  I have gigabytes of mp3s and movie files on my hard drives.  I am the poster child of !nf0rmat!0n 0v3rfl0w.  I seriously think it's one of the root causes of my poor grades in the latter years of high school and all throughout college.  I've noticed a serious deficit in my attention span since I got the computer, and it's not just because I'm getting older...  How can I remedy this?  I really don't know how I can.  One can't really survive in this world these days without an email address, without word processing, etc.... at least, in the engineering academic world into which I'm about to dive.  The computer has become an indispensable tool of productivity in the modern age... but has it also become the centerpiece, an idol of beige plastic and glassbowl face?  God, how do I overcome a habit that is almost 8 years in the making?  Anyhow, I have to go to sleep since I'm getting up at 5:30 AM to catch the 6:30 AM shuttle to peabody, to catch the 7:30 AM bus to NY.    Lord, I just blew my night preparing for this trip and worship this weekend.  Where's the discipline in my life?  Why did I end up spending so much time on the computer.... yet again? God, am I starting to slide down the hill again?