         Sunday already. The KSA banquet was held at a bar/club area within the Ravens Stadium, so we got to hang out in the stadium.  Personally, hanging out in the stadium itself was the highlight of my evening, because I really wasn't in the mood for a banquet/dance sort of thing.  I felt really bad and selfish that I wasn't, because a lot of people I knew put much time and heart into it; you all did a great job, and I tip my hat and apologize for my party-pooper attitude.  There was a lot going on in my mind... grad school, the end of my college years, overdue hw assignments, upcoming hw assignments, seeing all the freshman and pre-frosh there, and seeing the scant number of people my year there (only a couple) also added to the glumness of the evening... For a few moments of time that night, when I was either staring out the windows at the passing cars on the highway, or enjoying the quiet, grand solitude of the empty stadium, I was able to escape and think about nothing.  The rest of the time, it was hard for me to smile and enjoy things... making a fool out of myself at one point didn't help either.  Jenny Hwang had brought a mutual high school friend, and introduced me to her.  In response, I crinkled up my face really weirdly and I think they took it the wrong way, because instantly they just turned off and away from me.  I tried to ask what Jenny was doing next year, but got curt responses, and when I turned to go to my table, there was no friendly acknowledgement upon their part. Dangit.  The Jenny episode was another reminder that I have issues with dealing with my emotions.  Will I ever learn?  When I left, Vicky had left a message on the answering machine, so I returned the call.  It was cool, we caught up on things; she got into Fuller @ CA, so she'll be going there for the next cuppa years.  After talking to my dad about grad school stuff, I read Ecclesiastes and went to bed, but I couldn't sleep.  I borrowed Jimmy's guitar and played out what I was feeling -- melancholy, sadness, etc.  Church today was still under the shadow of those feelings... aptly, the message today was about God, the Lord of Peace, and I think it's something I needed to hear, but it's still lingering.  I guess I'll have to fight for the rest of this week...  Ok, it's time to study.  See you all later.