         As soon as I woke up yesterday morning I went to lunch with Dr. Okamura.  We ate at Gertrude's, the restaurant at the Baltimore Museum of Art.  It was ok, I got a salmon steak with slasa fresca and garlic spinach.  I decided to go for healthy, eh?  I then spent all afternoon at the digital media center working on my intermedia studio project... kinda tiring.  After preparing for Friday, I tried to get at least some of my Dynamic Systems homework done, but it's just a lost cause... I'm going to get such a bad grade in this class.... arg.  Friday night was cool, Deacon David Lee spoke on dating. Shrek (Eric Ahn) was especially attentive, which I found to be quite amusing.  It was really cool to hear about Dave's experiences with his wife Susan... how they met, how he asked her out, married life, etc.  We then hung out afterwards, until worship practice started at 9:30. It was tonight because a Korean praise ministry from Texas called "Singspiration" is rehearsing all day and performing in the evening.  Today, I get to help set up the stage and sound for the Roots Concert... I'm excited.  Something interesting for you Wellesley peeps... I was talking with one of the sound guys, and he was telling me how it was the same production company as the one producing the Sugar Ray/MagCho concert at Wellesley today.  Cool, huh?  Later today I'll go back to watch the sound check, then get dinner, then go to the show...  hot hot myoozik... the hot myoozik!  Another cool thing, my mom got back from Korea yesterday, quite safely, I might add. She went to pitch a book she wrote to publishers, and to meet up with old friends.  Seems like she had a good time.  This Sunday is my parents' 29th wedding anniversary.  CRAZY! I can't believe it's already almost been thirty years for them... over half of their lives spent with each other.  Wow.  From reading his posts, Jacob's been having weird dreams lately, and it made me realize... I haven't really had any vivid dreams in a very long time.  Why is that?  Maybe it's lack of sleep?  I don't know.