         10 years.  It's hard to believe that it's already been ten years since the L.A. Riots.  The media blitz is still a vivid memory; the grainy videos of Rodney King and burning stores, the stark brutality of rioters as they extracted Reginald Denny from his truck and proceeded to pummel him to the ground...  Afterwards, I recall In Living Color dealing with the issue with humor, with David Alan Grier (I think he was the one that did) posing as Rodney, and Jim Carrey as Reginald.  Isn't it interesting how the sometimes only thing people can do to cope with negative experiences is laugh at them?  About the concert yesterday.  Something that was running through my mind as I stood there, intensely enjoying the music.  I noticed, for example, this one black guy besides me—I'll call him "Snoop" because he reminded me of Snoop Dogg—really getting into the music.  Whenever Black Thought would rap a string of good lyrics, "Snoop" would get this esctatic grin on his face, close his eyes, cock his head down as he bobbed to the beat, and raise his hand in the air.  He'd then move his hand to the beat of the syllables, in order really get into their groove.  It looked like he was worshipping.  I looked around at all the people with huge smiles on their faces, throbbing to the tight beats, and hands raised up.  It looked like they were worshipping.  The similarity between them and people I've seen in worship was almost identical.  What were all of these people worshipping?  "I'm here 'cuz the Roots are awesome."  "The music is so great."  Everyone was there (including myself) to find pleasure in the music, in the emotions evoked by the music... Is it setl-worship? Is it worship of the music? of the Roots?  That made me think... how was my experience last night different from me going to Delirious concert, or when worship at church is simply really good?  Sometimes I think that I'm not really worshipping but simply getting lost in my emotions as an end for themselves, and that unsettles me.  But then again, one must cnosider, there is one difference... the Object, or the object that sparked the emotions.  God, You were so gracious to let me enjoy the fruits of the talents that You've gifted these incredible musicians with.  But God, why aren't they making You the object of their playing?  Last night, I got a glimpse of what it is within us that God is jealous for... our utmost enjoyment and attention, our sheer pleasure derived in exploring Him and seeing how Good He Is.  God, will you teach me more on worship? How to explore You? How to relish in and obey your Word? Will You bring me into a deeper level of intimacy with You than the one I currently have?  I've distracted myself this year with someone else, with music, with laziness, with the desires of my flesh...  but You've been stripping so much away this semester; is it so that I can turn to You?  God, in the Name of Christ alone I request, that You lead me to a more confident and obedient relationship with You...