         THE ROOTS ARE INCREDIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I just got back from the concert... man, what a day, what a night.  The sound check was AWESOME... the keyboardist would start a little melodic riff, the bassist would kick in, then skratch, "the human turntable", would start doing some crazy record noises and beat boxing.... seriously, i think he's better than Rahzel.  After they kicked us out from sound check, I went home and met up with Cyrus, Louis, and Tony.  We came back, and after waiting a while in line, we finally got in.  The opening act, "Cex", was a white guy who was a former Hopkins student (he would be a junior right now).  He had talent and he was putting everything into his act.... but.... it was not quite an enjoyable experience for me.  The crowd didn't seem to liike him either and kept booing him.  I felt really bad, I know it takes a lot of guts to get out in front of alot of people and perform, but still... he just didn't have that "it".  Give him a few years, and maybe he'll make it.  After he walked off, it took the band an hour to get onto stage.  Seriously, NOTHING was going on on the stage for over an hour, it was quite annoying.  But as soon as they came on... WOW.  They came on with all the lights out, and they started to hammer out a reallly solid beat.  The bassist (named Hub) was grinding out a pumping riff, the drummer (named ?uestlove) was workin' the bass drum, the keyboardist was hammering out this nice little riff, Skratch was goin' nuts, and Black Thought started to rap like none other.  WOW. They were just incredible for the whole concert. They had these impeccable stops and go's, coordinated dynamics, etc... when they were jamming, they broke into COUNTLESS numbers of covers, little snippets mixed in... ranging from Dave Matthews Band, Nirvana, Guns 'n Roses, Charlie Brown theme song, Super Freak, and a lot of rap stuff as well.  At the latter part of the concert, they showcased of the band members.  First up was the drummer, ?uestlove.  He has such a stripped down drum set-up, but he gets such crazy rhythms... so talented.  He started off with a nice solid beat, and by stopping the bass drum, snare, etc., he gradually stripped the elements of the beat until it was down to the hi-hat.  He then started to do this CRAZY syncopated rhythm on the hi-hat, played the rims and sides of the drums, and gradually worked across the set to the big tom.  At that point, the guitarist came up with a pair of sticks and started to play the snare; ?uestlove then got up, and they started to rotate in and out while keeping beat.  So cool.  The guitarist was up next, and started to do a slew of crazy stuff... jazz to metal to alternative... he broke into Dave Matthews' Crash, Nirvana's Smells like Teen Spirit, and when he started to play Guns 'n Roses' Welcome to the Jungle, the whole band joined in. It was so funny to hear Black Thought belt out like Axl Rose... he did a good job, I'd say.  The keyboardist was really funny, he was playing classical stuff, funky stuff, Charlie Brown, etc.. he did a lot of atmospheric, rhythmic grooves as well; crazy.  The bassist was awesome.  He eventually broke a string, but man, he kept it going strong... he was nuts.  Then.  Skratch.  INCREDIBLE.  He sounds just like a turntable scratching, and mixed in with his beatboxing... oh DEAR.  INSANE.  He'd similate scratching a record with his hand, and "scratch" along with it... then he'd break into a breakbeat.  All you a capella beatboxers should listen and learn.  Well.  I must say. What a night.  I'll write out my personal observations of the night later, in the philsophical evaluation realm.