         After church yesterday, I fell asleep, woke up, and worked on the program for Tuesday's performance.  The program I'm writing is made only using this Mac-only programming environment called MAX/MSP; it's used by artists and musicians to do basically anything you can possibly do with multimedia.  The reason I told you that will be evident later.  So, I handed in the laptop, thinking I'd be able to work on it the next day, Monday. Then, for the rest of the night I went to C-level in the library to study.  I was able to finish one problem, and one problem only... my concentration problem acted up again.  At one point, I almost broke down and cried, I was getting so frustrated.  I got up and walked between a pair stacks, away from everyone in the library.  As I sat on the footstool, I put my head down on one of the books, closed my eyes, and inside I cried many things, summed up as, "Why am I this way?"  Opening my eyes, I found my head resting on a book that was incidentally another textbook on my subject that I was studying.  Surprised, I took it back to my desk, and found it to be quite helpful for the first problem.  So, that's the only problem I was able to get done.  I cracked open my small group Bible study book, "This Great Salvation."  I opened to the last chapter of the book, entitled "The Fruits of Justification (II)",  and started to read.  It was based off of   Romans 8:14-23 , and many key points struck me, one of which I'll quote:  "Adoption touches a profound human need, a universal insecurity... the entire human race struggles under what a German philosopher of the twentieth century has called "angst," a nagging anxiety lurking just below the surface of the soul...  Salvation through Jesus Christ is the only answer to this fear.  'For you did not receive a spirit that makes you a slave again to fear,' wrote Paul, 'but you received the Spirit of sonship.  And by him we cry, 'Abba, Father...'"  Abba is the term used by children to address their fathers (very similar to Korean children's "ahp-bah") and it's a striking reality.  Since I've been justified with Christ, I've also been born again, adopted by God the Father.  Why do I constantly worry about my life, as if I'm not being taken cared of?  The rest of the night I was still haunted by the anguish I had from the realization of my failure to keep up in this class.  I left the library to find Danny Dokko at the Hut, so that he can offer some perspective on the homework, but he wasn't there. I'm glad he wasn't, because I needed some time alone with God.  I found an empty room in 2nd floor Shaffer, but it was too noisy outside—people were playing ultimate @ 1 AM in lower quad... weird—so I went up to the little hole called Shaffer 4th floor.  I didn't end up crying, but I found myself just calling out from the depths, "Abba... Abba... I just don't know how to live, I still don't understand why my heart is not understanding the Gospel..." And so I prayed about how I was really doing:  I still can't get over an attachment to someone that I tried to start a relationship with, frustration over last weekend's ordeal, frustration with my classes, frustration with my concentration problems, frustration with my wayward prioritizing...  I prayed for people that asked me to pray for them, then just lay there.  I didn't know what to do anymore.  So, I got up and went home to sleep, praying that I'd get up early to study.  Though I set my alarm clock to 8 AM, I snoozed it till 11:30 AM.  I washed up and went to the library to begin studying.  After I started, I realized that I had to go back home and take care of some errands;  as I was home, I talked to some people online as I typed up group evaluations for mechatronics.  Danny Dokko came over so that we could work on the lab together.  We ate lunch, stopped by the library to get my stuff, and went to HAC.  I was at HAC till 11:00 doing this lab.  I figured that I'd at least work an hour on the program for tomorrow's performance, so I went to the Digital Media Center since that's the only place that has Macintoshes with MAX/MSP installed, and they're open till midnight.  I got there to find the door locked and the lights off.  "For crying out loud, why do they close at 10 PM during finals?"  I got frustrated again, because they don't open till noon and I had no idea how I'd get this program done in time.  But then I started to think... why am I frustrated?  God's brought me to this circumstance... do I listen to my frustration over my expectations not being met, or do I listen to the Truth that God has brought me to this point for His own reason?  I calmed down and the frustration left me.  I printed out the lab I worked on at home, called security, and asked if they can open Latrobe for me so that I could turn it in.  I went.  I opened my bag.  I discovered that I forgot to bring the lab.  Instantly, frustration swept over me again.  I also got a 28/50 on my last homework, and that made me remember that since I didn't turn in Homeworks 8, 9, Lab 4, I have zeros in all of them.  How quickly I am to forget things that God tries to teach me... just 15 minutes before I was thinking about how I should be satisfied in whatever situation I find—or dug—myself into.  Well, this entry took a long time. Jimmy just got back from his job interview from Texas, and Danny Dokko just picked up notes. Another long day tomorrow. Maybe this time around I'll get up earlier.  God, please, let me get up earlier.