         Long weekend.  Senior night last Friday was memorable, though it was a little embarrassing to find that they had decided to make sure everyone in the church knew that I had worked in Chuck E. Cheese back in high school.  Practice for Saturday's worship night went till 2 AM that evening... oh man.  I then had to stay up later to work on a program; I fell asleep at around 6:30, only to be awakened at 10 by a phone call from my mom.  I'm sure some of you would find the following conversation funny:  "Tim, it's mom." "Hi mom.", then *snore* "Did I wake you up?" "....."  No, she didn't tell me that she was leaving, alright?  Sorry, inside joke.  Anyhow, I got up afterwards, washed up, and went to a jazz band practice with laptop in tow to rehearse for my upcoming intermedia project.  Yay, until I got there, and people were late. That's ok, I didn't mind them being late, but the rest of the band members decided to smoke it up with some mary jane to pass off the rest of the time.  At that point, I started notice my surroundings (they're art students) and happened to notice a bong sitting on the coffee table.  I was like, "uh... ok..." and left to get some Burger King with my group member.  Our conversation was pretty cool, I found out that he has brother that runs a theater in Seattle, and that he'll be going up to visit him.  Set-up for worship team was quite harrowing and stressful, especially since I brought my computer to record the night.  The loud songs didn't really turn out well since they were too loud... they ended up just being really distorted and bad and unhappy sounding.  I still have to cull through the rest, after finals are over, and see what is salvageable.  Everyone seemed to really be blessed by the worship night.  The Gospel was so explicitly stated and celebrated in every single element of the night...  As for me, the night left me a lot of things to think about.  I came into the night with a lot of baggage from the past couple weeks... and from the past semester and that made everything more difficult.  As well, as soon as the night started, my mind blanked out and I felt like I forgot how to play the bass.  When it came for the special praise, I forgot where all the chords were on the guitar, even though I had practiced it a lot.  Then, the recordings didn't turn out very well, and that left me in even more cross of a mood because a couple of people were stressed that I had to set up the recording equipment and computer.  By the time time it came to the message, I found myself not being in a very positive state, even though God really was blessing everything that was going on.  Adoremus was really on fire, the skit was meaningful, the body worships and dances done with full conviction.  Jimmy Choi, though, brought out a crucial point that I pondered upon for the rest of the night.  Since all of our worship is perfected through Christ the Intermediary, the Intercessor, the quality should not be determined by our feelings at the moment, the circumstances of the moment, etc.  Hm.  I didn't know how to respond with that.  The rest of the night I found myself in this state of flux and weariness from the lack of sleep and amount of activity done this past weekend.  Have I been serving God more than following and listening to Him?  Sometimes I think I mis out on what great things He's doing because I'm so set on performing things right...  I came into this school excited about what God wanted to do through me while I was here, and now I'm leaving thinking that I've tried to do too much  for  Him instead of simply listening, learning, and obeying.  Anyhow, afterwards everyone that presented that night (besides Adoremus) went to Nautilus Diner.  It was a fun time of fellowship and food, and I'm glad to have spent it there.  Jimmy Choi and I then came back to place, where he spent the night.  This morning had a melancholy note, since it was GyJu's (our keyboardist) last Sunday here.  The members of worship team that are staying decided to take this opportunity to say goodbye to us who are leaving.  Jane and GyJu are going back to Chicago, while I'll be shipping off back to New Jersey.  Professor Jeff Jue spoke again today at our church on our unity with Christ.  I was trying my hardest to stay awake—though I did drift off sometimes—because it was such a meaningful and deep message.  Unity with Christ, justification... do we really get it?  Are those Truths the foundation of our lives?  I'm left with a lot of things to think and meditate upon, this weekend, as I catch up for classes that I'm behind in and start studying for finals.  God, please, have mercy on a servant like me.