         A lot has happened in the past two days, but I will write about 2 things: the opening midnight viewing of Star Wars, and the long karaoke run with Hope Chapel.  5/15/2002  I was actually reluctant when friend of mine asked me to go see Star Wars.  People like Jyco expressed concern for me because I am usually an avid fan.  No, I wasn't ill, and I wasn't in a bad mood. It just didn't excite me anymore.  I was busy doing laundry and starting my packing process, and I thought it'd be good to have some conencentrated solitude with God.  But, I decided to go.  We got to the theater at around 8:30.  That was the earliest I've ever been to a movie theater to wait in line, and I'm hoping that I will never again resort to doing so.  Besides Cyrus & Daniel, only a few other college students and a bearded, potbellied, Star Wars-shirt-wearing thirtysomething stood in line.  Conversation was sparse.  The employees let us into the theater at 9:00.  After we saved our seats, some of us sat in the brighter lit areas to read.  I found it a difficult to concentrate because of the atmosphere, so I started to convrse with others in our group. Surprisingly, people didn't begin to trickle in until around 10:15.  The first and only group of costumed fans didn't even enter until 10:30. Nonetheless, by 11 pm the main part of the theater was reasonably filled, and the room was abuzz with impatient chatter.  Even though the theater had 4 screens showing the movie, I'd have to admit that there were a lot of people in ours...  this movie was big.  As for the movie itself, I'd have to say that it was the stuff that Star Wars fans dream of.  I won't give any spoilers, but it definitely had a lot of subtle hints and nuances that only a Star Wars nerd like I could appreciate.  In no way do I say this in an elite-ist manner; au contrair, it shows how much time I spent watching the movies, reading the books, etc. It was a very fun movie, and I liked it a lot more than the Phantom Menace.  However, once again my fears were confirmed.  If you've seen Star Wars and Episode One and compare them to the Empire Strikes Bad and The Return of the Jedi, you will notice a slight difference in the levels of acting.  Namely, the first two mentioned had the worse line readings and direction... and, they were the ones directed by Lucas himself.  Well, walking into this movie, I feared that the same problem would plague this movie, and it did.  Lucas is a genius in filmmaking but definitely not in directing people.  It wasn't bad enough to take way the joy from the movie, though.  It was fun and it definitely had its moments, I'd have to admit.  5/16/2002  Tonight Hope Chapel people rented out two karaoke rooms.  The horror, the hilarity... the horror.  As my first evening of karaoke dragged on, I tried to enjoy myself by singing some songs I knew.  To some degree, I did have some fun, but something kept bothering me.  Some of the songs we sang were of such deep meaning and whatnot, but they were being butchered and sung for shallow entertainment... and I think it really took away from the songs.  For example, singing "Zombie" by The Cranberries did NOT work... lyrics wailing anger concerning the violence in Ireland did not fit the atmosphere at all.  The only thing that made the night redeemable was James Lieu's R&B skills... he sure made the night fun.  I have a lot to say about the subject, but I'm too tired.