         Today I ate with Edmund Moon at Blimpie's for lunch.  He's been studying daily for the med school board exams at my school's library... so much he has to do, so little time.  For the rest of the afternoon, I tried to get in touch with Rutgers BME to get more info about the summer, since they haven't sent anything. I'm a little miffed.  The thing is... NO ONE was answering their phones.  I called at 3 PM... wouldn't anyone be in?  The secretary? The professors? The chair?  Maybe it's due to Memorial Day weekend.  At any rate, I also applied to a temp agency.  In the meantime, I was talking to Amanda Severin from ATD, she's back home in PA.  As well, I was working on creating a composite self portrait using different snapshots I took of my face.  It took a while because my computer didn't have enough RAM to handle the huge amount of data, but it turned out pretty well.  Maybe I'll post different iterations of it, maybe I won't, we'll see.  Angela Chung asked me to move and store all of her things into my apartment, so I spent most of the evening doing that.  Afterwards, I cooked up some salmon for G.  She came and visited later that evening, which was cool.  G and I went down with her to walk her to her car, as well as wish her parents a safe flight.  The funniest thing happened... at the end of the conversation, Ange's dad turned to me and said, "You are a Good Looking Guy!"  I was stunned.   No , I thought,  this fine gentlematn besides me is the GLG...  If all of you don't know the significance of G, G is short for GLG, short for... Good Looking Guy, which is Derrick's nickname.   At any rate, I pointed to G and made the correction, to which Ange's dad declared, "Well, you are Good Looking Korean, and He is Good Looking Chinese!"  I had no idea what to say.  Afterwards, I gave Derrick a guitar lesson, then went to the Carlyle to spend some time with some Hope Chapel people.  I also hung out with some of my non-Christian friends, which was good... but man, by that time, I was so tired... it was like 12 and I was just worn out from the day, so I went back to Paul's place to get a ride home.  Suffice to say, I'm still here, we just ended up talking.  Man, I'm tired, but it's cool.  Good stuff shared and laughed about.