         This day went by really fast.  Parents came, we all got ready, went to the graduation tent, took pix along the way.  I lined up and then we walked to the tent with the processional march from the band playing.  After many formalities and speeches (Tom Brokaw's was quite excellent, I must say... such an eloquent guy.  Spoke about us being the generation to rise from the ashes of 9/11, just as all the war geeratoins did, etc...), Brokaw and Ripken got there honorary degrees.  After more formalities, we went up to get called.  After everything was over, we got our diplomas, then the madness of finding relatives and taking pictures began.  After all that, my family went to this new steakhouse called Chester's in Fell's Point... 20 ounce steaks for 15 bux, can't go wrong.  Mom and Dad went home.  During the day, Mom was constantly nagging about something... the topic changed, but it was always something coming out of her mouth.  She meant well, but man, it was really stressful.  I just got back from the midnight graduation party held at the Mattin Center, a set of school buildings near my place.  It was good to see a lot of people that I hadn't seen for a while... for example, one of my roommates for the first 2 months of freshman year, my freshman chem lab partner, and some other people I've randomly met in classes or through people over the years.  A lot went through my mind.  1:  Almost all of my asian christian friends were not there.  This observation made me wonder. Did they ignore that this was going on? was it deemed an "unholy" event? Or, which I most likely guess, it wasn't within their social interest since all of their friends are in their respective ministries?  That last thought made me slightly sad.  College fellowship was great the past four years, but I wonder if any of the asian christians I know made a real effort to build up relatoinships with non-asians, christians or not.  I wonder if it was even within their scope.  Then again, my observation is from my narrow scope as well, i recognize, but the fact still stands that I was the only asian christian not part of InterVarsity.  (To explain, IinterVarsity is usally associated with non-asian Christians, vice versa.. )  I wouldn't have thought much of that until I saw that non of the "cool" asians were there either.  Maybe it's a Korean thing, not necessarily associated with Korean christians  Well, you can draw your own conclusions.  I will try not to draw any of my own, lest I just end up being more judgemental than I already am... God, please, forgive me.  2.  I've built up relationships with such a wide variety of people... but really, I'm still not close with many.  I think I'm too self-absorbed of a person or something...  at least, lately.  God, you've been brining that to my attention a lot more, Strengthen my reslove to be more in tune with Your Heart for your people, instead of my heart for myself.  Anyhow, yeah.  I found myself drifting from different people group to different people group, and they all had their own little worlds... albeit, they were co-mingling, but yeah, still congregated in their own worlds.  Well, I'm not sure what I'm trying to communicate.  I guess one thing I'm trying to say is that it's good that fellowships within churches are good and strong, but it'd dangerous if their members aren't willing to go out "two by two" if you know what I mean.  Then again, it is a time consuming thing to do both, so I guess it's understandable. The other thing I'm trying to communicate is more of a confession towards my ineptitude in developing strong relationships with people...  My self-absorbed mindset can really take its toll, eh?  Ok.  Well.  That's not the end of all of what I'm thinking, but I'm tired and I must wake up early.  God bless.  Thanks, God, for letting me make it through.