         What a day.  After waking up and reading, I went to Superfresh and took care of errands on campus.  These Rutgers people aren't ever getting back to me, and I will probably have to start making more phone calls, it's been a week and I STILL HAVE NO IDEA WHAT'S GOING ON FOR THIS SUMMER.  The rest of the afternoon I worked on the Adoremus concert video.  AFterwards, I cooked spghetti for Vicky and Sophia, the two La Crescenta/Canada, CA girls that go here.  Vicky and I have been good friends from literally the first week of orientation.  Sophia I met by moving her stuff in her freshman year.  Anyhow, yeah, so the sauce turned out to be just as I've always envisioned my sauce to be... heavily flavored, full bodied, sweet but not too sweet, slightly salty, tangy, etc.. it was great.  I really liked it.  I don't think I'd ever want to go back to tomoto paste, pre-made sauces again... this was too good to be true.  And I owe it all to foodnetwork.com for the suggestion of putting equal parts fresh italian parsley and basil.  Anyhow, afterwards, we sat for a bit to digest.. then we had Godiva Chocolate Cheesecake Ice Cream.  GREAT STUFF.  Since it was all, done, we walked out.  Sophia went back home, Vicky and I went to the DMC to check on the Adoremus video, which was done dubbing to tape.  I then started the DivX encoding process so more nerdy people can watch it on computers. :-)  Vicky and I went for a walk and talk around campus, just like we've always done, it was a good time of catching up, debating, sharing, etc.  No, we're not involved or anything, she's already taken.  No feelings shared, either, so don't get any ideas.  After that, I went to J-Loo's place to hang out.  Dustin asked me to fix their VCR.. after much fiddling around, I discovered that the fuse had blown, and they needed to replace it.  This discovery was after I had been fiddling around with it for a while, though... phew.  I've been back now for 2 hours.  I chatted on AIM with Jane Park, who's home forever now, never to return to Baw'lmer.  Hooray!  Ok, gonna go read then sleep. Good night, world.