         Well, I finally am back home in Baltimore after my trip to Austin with Jimmy.  We drove down in two days... it was a nice, long drove halfway across the country in a overloaded Camry.  1600+ miles of staring at the farmland that predominated the landscape for most of the trip.  The modern age of automobiles and planes enables us to go such great distances in such little time, it's a very jarring experience to travel sometimes.  We left 6 AM from Baltimore, and made it to the southern tip of Virginia by lunchtime.  We stopped at a Wendy's, only to be cheerfully greeted by a smiling, Caucasian teen with a southern accent.  It was quite strange.  By the time we made it to Memphis, Tennessee for dinner, the windshield and front was covered with the Tennessee bugs...  Tennesee has a LOT of insects flying around.  It was a little nasty.  Funny story:  We stayed at a Quality Inn in West Memphis, Arkansas, which was across the river from Memphis.  When Jimmy went in to check out a room, I noticed a swarm of insects congregated at all the lights.  When we parked, after I stepped out I noticed that there were bugs everywhere; crawling all over the door and the asphalt and flying all over the place.  Jimmy joked about the situation by saying, "Hey Tim, be sure not to open your mouth."  Of course, as soon he said it, I heard him yelp and gag as a bug flew into his mouth.  The irony, oh the irony.  We got a really nice room for $50, thanks to the AAA discount.  For those of you that have cars, it is highly recommended that you get a AAA membership... it really is a convenient service.  Maps, travel guides, and discounts and many participating hotels and restaurants all over the country.  Pretty cool.  ARkansas and Texas was all flat farmland.  There were times when it was very picturesque;  big bales of hay scattered across rolling green hills, grazing cattle, rows and rows of corn.  But then, when the scenery stayed the same, it got boring after a while.  Austin is a very interesting and fifferent city.  Everything in Texas is bigger and more spaced out... every highway has what you call "feeder roads," local roads with stores along both sides of the 8 lane automotive corridors.  The highways were also decorated by sculpted supports.  I also have never seen so many trucks and SUV's in my life... it was crazy.  Texas BBQ is so good.  REALLY good.  We went to "The Salt Lick,"  an all you can eat BBQ joint that's housed in a ranch in the southern outskirts of Austin.  Oh yeah. It was good.  Back to describing Austin.  I was expecting a normal city... but besides it's downtown, everything was spaced out all over the hilly terrain.  It didn't feel like it was a city at all... everything also looked nicer and newer.  There was a lot of construction going on.  Signs of a growing economy and industry, you know?  Ok. I sleep now.