         This is I was thinking about during church today:  I've been stuck in this emotional rollercoaster for this past year for too long.  To be honest, this ride has stunted my perceived spiritual maturity and growth.  I use the word "perceived" because ultimately it's God that only knows how much I've grown, but from what little I see, I see that I've regressed in my maturity and in the rapid period of growth I had over the years.  To explain, this emotional rollercoaster = struggling with my unrequited feelings for someone I was interested in all throughout college.  There's nothing wrong in that of itself.  It's perfectly understandable to me when a person doesn't share your feelings; the attraction simply isn't there.  That I understood in my mind, but I honestly didn't deal with my heart's attachment in as Godly a fashion as I thought I did.  Instead of responding to my feelings by dependence through prayer and personal Bible study,  I simply wallowed in them and let them guide my actions.  Over the course of the semester I noticed myself becoming less responsible with my schoolwork and job search, going online a lot more, daydreaming a lot more, generally wasting more time.  Ultimately I revived my old habit of nursing and responding only to my feelings.  So here I am. I'm broke, and I'm still struggling to sever this stupid attachment to this idol I've made of this person (it's not even this person, you know?).  Now that I'll be going home to NJ for good, new responsibilites await me.  I know that God has a heartfelt desire for me to enjoy Him and His gifts that He's given me, and I know that will come if I put my heart into serving my parents' church back home.  Although I still haven't fully prepared my heart for it, I know that obedience will be rewarded with His joy and blessings.  As for grad school, I know that I have to get myself into gear and into focus for my career and my academics.  All these extra responsibilities require so much more of my passion and my heart.  Up until this point, I haven't lived ambitiously.  God, grant me an ambition for Your name to be known, and to know you more intimately.  I'll be going to Texas this week to move Jimmy's stuff back with him.  Really, it's to spend time with one of my best brothers here at Hopkins.  This relationship has surely humbled me... he gives more to me than I've ever given to him.  If anything, our relationship has shown me how selfish and self-centered I am, and how gracious and Christ-like Jimmy can be in his heart for those around him.  God surely has been good.  I'm praying for maturity, for straightened priorities, for my life's passions to be awakened again to the important things to pursue and know:  loving God the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit, and loving those He sends my way.