         "We're gonna live forever!" - The Cross Movement @ Creation East Festival, last week.  So, last Tuesday night the youth group kids in my church slept over my home so that we'd leave early morning.for Creation.  Thus started the adventure that would last five days and four nights.  We left at around 7 in th morning.  I drove the minivan while my older brother drove the van.  When were pulling out of the street that I livedon, my mom relized that she forgot something, so I honked at my brother to wait up while we turned and went back. However, much to my annoyance, he decided to take off instead of waiting for us.  After we got onto the highway, I sped at an average of 80 mph in order to catch up, but to no avail.  It wasn't so safe, especially since I was driving a car full of people and luggage.  I made good time, though, and we had almost caught up to them when it happened.  We hit the Creation camper traffic at around 1:50... The line of cars stretched a couple miles long, so we parked every now and then to wait.  To be nice, we even let the kids in our car go out and play.  Boy, was that a big mistake.  One particular boy is a really athletic, but not so quick with his wits when it comes to being careful.  So, at one point, the line of cars moved forward a couple of yards, so we moved up a long.  to catch up, the kids that were outside ran along.  For the life of me, I can't understand why the aformentioned boy did this, but he decided to cross the rod between a couple of cars behind us.... without looking for oncoming traffic.  Yep, he ran straiight into a slowly moving van.  I watched it all happen in the corner of my eye through the rearview, and my heart stopped when I saw it happen.  The lady driving it screamed, "That boy just ran into my car!" and for the rest of the hour, kept saying how it was all my mom's fault for being irresponsible and how bad a person in charge she was.  Not nice, lady, not nice, even if you were right.  So, that put a dampener on the rest of the day.  The kid got wisked to the hospital with my mom to keep him company, and we got back into the long line of cars.  We didn't get into camp until 4:30..almost 3 hours after we had gotten there.  The worse part was, I was told to pick them up from the hospital during the opening act, a Cross Movement concert... and when I got to the hospital, it turns out that they had already gotten around from the Creation Festival people.  I was a little annoyed.  Just a little.  It was the Cross Movement!  But ah, God provides.  They came and did another concert a couple days later... and wow, they were awesome.  Not just because of their incredible skills, but they were the music group there that most clearly presented the Gospel, in its entirety, details included... So awesome.to see how they really strive to practice saturating every part of their lives and work with the Gospel.  Oh, and yeah... that quote above is from one of thier songs, and it's celebrating eternal life in Christ.  Yep... it'll be for they new album.  Can't wait!  Ok, I'll write more later.  I must sleep.