         Last night I got hit by an overpowering wave of negative emotion.  This happens to me from time to time, and I have no idea why.  Previously during the day, I was praying and studying 1 John, as well as "Knowing God."  It's instances like that that really put to test what I learn in the Word...  So, in response to the emotions, I prayed my heart out.  I tried to recall to mind the full message of the Gospel, that I am free in Christ and He is greater than my feelings.  I picked up the guitar and made it a point to try to rejoice, as I wrote in the last post.  Thanks God.  Well, I wrote the last post during the commercial break from a 3-4 hour run of watching TV.  I was really tired and I wanted to relax, so I started to watch whatever was on cable... and of course you know, something is always on.  After an hour or two of surfing, I finally got to a showing of Mercury Rising.  I don't know why I watched the movie.  I don't know why I had to keep watching something.  As well, I was thinking about what I was studying, earlier that day, and so that's what made me really think about what I was doing.  Yet, after I typed the last entry, I kept watching.  Why did I find it entertaining?  Well, some of it took place at the Wrigley building and the bridge right next to it, in Chicago.  So, since I had just visted there a month ago, I find myself taking pleasure in recognizing where everything was taking place.  However, it was a really violent movie.  People got shot in the head, back, etc. I used to be desensitized to it, but recently, I've been determined to not be such anymore.  It just doesn't seem right that I'm entertained by watching the staging of murder.  Call me crazy, I know.  But, I'm starting to wonder... where is the sanity in taking pleasure of watching people kill each other?  Well, next thing I know, I'll be watching yet another violent movie after this. :-T  All I want to do is to start taking life more seriously, yet I don't want to lose the joy and fun of being and living as a child of God.  How can I explore the riches that He has in store for me in knowing Christ, and therefore knowing God?  This is what I've been reading and studying and meditating upon in 1 John.