         All you ladies and gentlemen out there,  meet   Edmund Moon , one of the coolest guys I know.  I first met him while visiting JHU during my senior year of high school.  It was during Asian Perspectives weekend and I wanted to see what the ministries were like in college, so I checked out this ministry called "Agape".  After it was over, I he walked over and greeted me with his trademark, sortof aloof grin. "Hey."  The conversation consisted of greetings, introductions, and then he asked me if I had met his brother Jeff, who was also visiting. (No, I hadn't then.)  There was a connection made, at least on my part, that I knew would begin a good lasting friendship.  4.5 years later, we're still friends, and I'm the lucky one.  Why?  The guy has passion for the Lord, passion to live a life of integrity, and a passion for worship.  It rubbed off on me some over the years, especially from serving on worship team under his tutelage.  Sure, he's a bit goofy, and sure, he makes the corniest jokes, but he makes up for it with his genuine, fun-loving personality.  He's also one of the most considerate people I know.  He's always concerned about the good of those around him, and not just by doing the big things, but by consistently remembering the little things.  I remember, I think it was my freshman year, where he was one of the few people that remembered my birthday.  Heck, I never even told him my birthday, so it was a surprise to me that he sent a card.  Thanks Edmund, that made my day.  What also made my day was something he mentioned to me the first Sunday I attended Hope Chapel after I decided to attend, last year.  It was after service, and he pulled me aside with that sheepish grin again, and said something along the lines of,  "Hey, man, you'll make a difference here. God will do a lot through you."  Up till that moment, I just wasn't too sure, but yeah, that really perked me up.  There's a lot else that I could say, but I just want to leave it at that.  Ladies, consider:  he's caring, he's thoughtful, he loves the Lord... and he's going to be a doctor.  $$!  j/k.  Thanks for the friendship, Edmund.  Man, I miss Baltimore already.