         So, today I woke up and washed up, and went on campus to start the ball rolling for my new life here at Rutgers.  I began the paperwork process for getting my stipend (filling out W-4 forms... it's like a job!), received course advisement, and talked with a guy that was in my faculty advisors lab.  Afterwards, I walked to the student union, which was next door, and wolfed down some pizza.  (The student union on this campus (there are 3 others) has always been a big marvel to me, since Hopkins "student union" was virtually unused.  It was/is really crappy. The Hopkins library is essentially the student union.)  So yeah.  I went back, and tried to... ahem.. work the angles (jimmy and jimmy, I hope you appreciate me saying that) for finding a job.  I talked to my advisor and the grad secretary if they knew anyone that had any positions open.  To no avail, did I work those angles.  No openings.  Dangit.  So, I went home to start choosing my coursework and whatnot for registration.  It was really warm on the couch though, and the sun was beating down from the skylights, so I took an unplanned nap.  It got really hot at times but I stayed asleep until 5:30... man, where'd the day go?  I started the rice going for dinner, and prepared some songs for my brother's cell group tonight.  This morning, he sent some really confusing emails and it didn't hit me until I was making the rice that he was giving me the worship topic.  *rolling eyes*  My bro came back, so we started cooking dinner.  Only one person came this week, and he brought some food as well (linguini and some sour cream sauce).  Worship and bible study was ok.  We covered the conversion of Saul/Paul in Acts.  Since then, I've been typing away for this entry.  For the past month it's been more difficult to keep it up, since I've been travelling a lot.  It's not that I haven't access to the computer, it's that so much has happened, I've been too lazy to type it all out.  Here's a memory.  The first night at Jimmy Su's place in Texas, Jimmy and I hung out at his church's youth group function.  It was in this really nice house in a neighborhood on a big hill; man, the house was packed.  They all love Jimmy... as soon as we walked in the door, they all yelled his name (kinda like Cheers) and crowded around him.  Local celebrity, I tell you.  Afterwards, we went to a cafe with his friends Alex Chen and Pey Lin.. uh.. dunno her last name, and Jimmy's sister, aka Junior.  That's what I called her because she's Jimmy with long hair.  A little shorter and more athletic, but yeah, Janice's face = Jimmy's face.  It was there I shared cheesecake with everyone and tasted Jimmy's drink.. maybe that's how I got the summer flu.  Next post:  a tribute to my brother and friend, Edmund Moon.  oh, and for you ladies out there, count it as an advertisement.