         Here I am, the end of the day.  Man, during the whole day, I was totally under this laziness bug... just didn't have motivation to do much, besides read.  I finally worked up some nerve to practice guitar, but that didn't last long either.  All my dreams and hopes and plans are not being met, because this feeling overpowers.  Since I don't fight back successfully, does that mean I'm falling away from His presence?  Was I in it in the first place?  In what shred of proof can I place my confidence of salvation?  Well, the Word says that the only proof is Christ crucified, dead, buried, and risen.  But why does it seem like I haven't changed?  Why still continue doing the same old habits?  I'm always reading in the word that those who know Him are the ones that obey Him, and that's how we have confidence:  "No one who is born of God will continue to sin, because God's seed remains in him; he cannot go on sinning, because he has been born of God. This is how we know who the children of God are and who the children of the devil are: Anyone who does not do what is right is not a child of God; nor is anyone who does not love his brother...    Dear children, let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth. This then is how we know that we belong to the truth, and how we set our hearts at rest in his presence whenever our hearts condemn us. For God is greater than our hearts, and he knows everything.   Dear friends, if our hearts do not condemn us, we have confidence before God and receive from him anything we ask, because we obey his commands and do what pleases him. And this is his command: to believe in the name of his Son, Jesus Christ, and to love one another as he commanded us. Those who obey his commands live in him, and he in them. And this is how we know that he lives in us: We know it by the Spirit he gave us."  From 1 John 3.  Well, I just don't see how I love with actions and in truth... oh, how self-centered I am.  But I also have the desire to fight it, to really try to love.  And so, the battle inside me wages on.  I feel terrible and condemned, I fight, it goes away, comes again, I fight, etc. etc.  The thing is, it just seems like I just don't learn from my mistakes... I forget to believe in Christ's name, and I forget to love those around me.  And so I read   Romans 7 and 8 .  Yet, why does my heart still feel guilty and heavy and depressed inside?  I won't lie.  Why is it so hard for me to be joyous these days?