         What I was thinking about as I woke up this morning:  The problems with un-reciprocated affections/intentions for someone  1)  If not dealt with right away, over a long period of time they will lead to obsession.  If you like someone, it's not very healthy to keep it in for such a long period of time, if you know that the person doesn't feel the same way about you.  It's difficult, but maybe it's wisest to start off a friendship by being fully honest with your feelings, instead of thinking, "maybe i'll be friends with him/her first, and then he'll like me."  However, every case is different; you'll either end up with a good, healthy, relationship based upon friendship, or be left in the dust, burned and scarred for life, AND still have to try to maintain the friendship... because friendship is always precious.  Or, both can happen as well.  Quite a gamble, don't you say?  So, let's say that if you're like me, you've ended up liking someone for a long time, then informed that person, and had your worst suspicions confirmed: the person doesn't feel the same way.  Well, that's when it gets very difficult, because one should have communicated intentions earlier on BEFORE the attachment had grown  this deep  for  this long .  The danger is that developing a relationship while having those attachments left undealt with can lead to obsession.  For example, you can't stop thinking about that person, how wonderful that person is, how you like everything about the person (including what you perceive the person's faults to be) etc... and it frustrates you, because you can't communicate it with the assurance that the person will joyfully appreciate your affections.  Usually, no matter hard you fight to think about other things, it comes back, because again, you've developed an attachment for so long.  That's how you know that you've become obsessed.  If you act upon that obsession... calling too much, doing too much... that's when you become creepy.  If you don't act upon it because you don't want to be creepy, that's good for the person in question, but it's still torture for you... but it's better that way.  Who wants to be known as creepy?  And if you really cared for that person, would you want him/her to put up with you?  For this person, showering too much affection on him/her is like forcing him/her to eat something they've already tasted... disliked.  2)  Obsession leads to delusion.  So, sadly, you're caught with this obsession, and you don't know how to deal with it.  You fight it, but if it's already grown strong enough, it starts to make you think:  "maybe after a long time, things will work out" or "someone else is in the picture".  Since you start thinking too much about it, that leads to making up unrealistic scenarios that seem real to you.  Watch out for that.  3)  Delusion leads to bitterness, anger, jealousy, and territorialism.  The problem with entering the delusion stage is that it usually yields the above negative fruits... you start feeling bitter towards the person, or to the phantom competition, and anger comes up... jealousy, then territorialism.  I.e., a false sense of possession takes over:  "The person was mine first! I liked him/her first!  I've known him/her longer!" etc. etc.  That's why matters of the heart are to be dealt with extreme carefulness.  For me, the only thing that's brought me to this point is God's grace.  I'm still here.  I still struggle a lot with thinking too much about this person.  My problem is, I form very vivid memories, so even if I don't see someone for a long time, I can still be very emotionally involved because I remember the times spent together very well.  However, God has been gracious to teach me a lot.  He's taught me a whole lot about my weaknesses and how my sinful tendencies rear their ugly heads.  He's shown how self-centered I can really be in my outlook, with my time, and with my thought life.  Most importantly, He's shown what a life lived in love with Him should be like:  total, joyful, faithful, loving obsession.  He wants to be the center, because He knows He is the only one that can fulfill... because He's the only one that deserves being the center of attention.