         Here's yet another entry.  I've spent all day running around campus in order to find a job (applied to one place), get registered, and start research on my topic.  So, here I am in the Library of Science and Medicine, sitting at one of the computer terminals.  I found a buttload of books on my topic (gait analysis. ie, scientifically analyzing/modelling how humans walk) and I sorta skimmed through them, but quickly lost interest.  Yes, short attention span strikes again. I would check out these books, but I can't yet since I have to be a registered student to check out books and my registration hasn't gone through yet.  Why do I continue to blog so diligently?  You see, I'm not following a fad.  I didn't do this because everyone else was doing it; I started my online journal without even knowing that there was a trend in the first place.  I've had the idea to do this since freshman year of college, but I've always been too lazy or too occupied with something else to start it... but finally, here it is, 6 months and still going.  I wanted to do this journal because I hoped that it would give an honest snapshot into the daily life and thoughts of a Christian in the modern day world.  I also wanted to start using this page as a platform upon which I can start expressing my artistic urges and ideas.  I don't know why, but in the middle of my junior year I renewed a keen interest to be more artistic of a person.  I was interested in the arts a lot in high school, but in college that was all thrown in the back burner to make room for math and science.  A course called Intermedia Studio really opened my eyes to the art world.  The class was a joint effort between Hopkins, Peabody, and Maryland Institute College of Art students/faculty and it tried to explore the connections between media to communicate artistic statements.  It was really interesting and really forced me to see the importance of having a deep purpose for everything we do as scientists, artists, and musicians.  Most of the musical bands, movies, etc. that people tend not to like, the forgettable hiccups of modern culture are the ones that have little meaning and thought put into their making, they're the ones that don't have a sense of adventure and exploration in whatever craft, in whatever purpose they have.  I've desired to produce a cohesive, artistic work for a long time, but I haven't been able to do so yet.  I think that class, prayer, and failed works have forced me to realize that I haven't done so yet because I've not had something deep and meaningful to communicate.  I've focused too much attention to details that I've lost the big picture of things:  God wants all the glory, and we can find our only meaning and joy in giving glory to Him in all that we do.  I can spit that out, but I haven't exhausted my attention and energy in exploring that truth.  Well, God's Grace has brought me this far.  He's taught me important lessons.  What does he want to do through me now?  Well, He's placed me in charge of the elementary school kids in my church, in a scientific laboratory, in the midst of a college campus with a myriad of ministries, in the midst of a state with a need for revival.    He's shown that in order to be taking seriously musically, I have to learn real musicianship instead of basing my practice and skills soley on little tricks I've picked up here and there.  He's shown that I have to seek to know the purpose of things, then learn the music technique in order to meet these ideals.  Yes, it's very Aristotelian (or is that Platonic? or a mixture of both?) logic:  knowing the "greater good", the underlying theory, and being the "master craftsman" is more important than just learning how to copy things.  These are all ideals that I have.  Are these Godly ideals?  Have I learned well?