         what i've been thinking about, laying in bed, as i have been writing, staring at the ceiling.  as shared with jacob online.   me:  jacob   jake:  hey, dude   me:  i was deep in thought until   me:  now.   me:  and i was thinking about   me:  what life is.   jake:  dude, that's too deep for me   me:  essentially, it's about, what you want, and how to get it.   me:  people want.   me:  they want something   me:  they either get it   me:  or they don't   me:  and all life seems to revolve about all the things that we want   me:  and whether we get them, or not.   jake:  hm...   me:  all of pain   me:  and dementia   me:  and struggle   me:  and anger   me:  and bitterness, joy, love, everything   me:  is based upon us having wanted something   me:  and either getting it, or not   me:  isn't that what life is?   me:  sustenance of existence?   me:  and in order to meet the sustenance of existence, there are needs?   jake:  that's eithe too deep or too oversimplified   me:  that's how God created us   me:  no   me:  think about it   me:  fundementally   me:  very very fundementally   me:  we all are driven by something that we want   me:  but we really don't know what it is   me:  and that's why God said   me:  or, jesus said   me:  the greatest commandment is this:   me:  Love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, and all your mind.   me:  in other words   me:  actively make your deepest need... to be God   me:  and that's where eternal Life is   me:  eternal life = wanting God, and satisfying ourselves in Him   me:  life = sustenance of existance   me:  God knows that our only source of existance is Him   jake:  you should share this with ppl   me:  i will   me:  i am with you   me:  and i'll post this conversation online   me:  :-)   me:  but i'll protect your screenname.   me:  but think about it.   me:  we all want something… for example.   me:  men want sex   me:  why?   me:  why do men want it all the time?   me:  because they want to feel good   jake:  true   me:  and that's the easiest way for men to feel really good   me:  it's quick, it's physically invigorating   me:  it involves the imagination, and the senses   jake:  all the qualities that adam saw in the fruit   me:  and that's how men are wired   jake:  of the tree of knowledge   me:  and sex drives men's culture   me:  at least, in the media   me:  why?   me:  because it touches a very easy vein to tap   me:  but women as well   me:  they want a lot of things   me:  and when they get old   me:  if they've not gotten them all their life   me:  they're extremely miserable   me:  they're never happy   me:  and therefore no one that they no is happy when they're around.   me:  well, that's a generalization, i apologize.   jake:  you are like the christian siddhartha   me:  but, i guess, that goes for women as well.   me:  but isn't that true?   me:  but the thing is   me:  Truth is in Christ   me:  Christ knew that   me:  and so that's why He said   me:  "I am the way, the Truth, the life"   me:  because He knew that   me:  if we know Christ, the Son, we know God, the Father   me:  and if we know the Creator, OUR creator, and if we look to Him for life, then we'll get it   me:  because He's the One that made us   me:  and He knows EXACTLY how to please us   me:  the problem arises   me:  that in our stupid sinfulness   me:  we turn to ourselves, the functions of our natural bodies   me:  that, without sin, function to enable us to enjoy God   me:  but with sin, these functions became the only things we can think about   me:  and so we look to the tools to please us, not the Maker.   me:  right?   me:  so, thinking about all the problems in American society   me:  a society where our basic needs are pretty much met   me:  so much, that our needs have become our secondary needs: entertainment   me:  we want to feel good   me:  and we try to pursue that with all our money and will   me:  but we have so much depression   me:  so many basket cases   me:  so many suicides, cases of abuse, etc.   me:  why?   me:  because we look to ourselves for what we want   me:  and then, we try to meet those wants   me:  and so all these problems arise   me:  psychological problems   me:  but Christ, He knew that the only thing that matters   me:  is that we want Him   me:  and all we have to do is ask.   jake:  this is a good sermon, defnitely   jake:  i think u have preacher blood in u   me:  haha.   me:  but yeah   me:  in the depths of who we are   me:  Christ said, we have to die to it   me:  because they lie to us   me:  they = our phantom desires   me:  no one really knows what they want   me:  in the fundemental level   me:  there are so many things to believe in this world   me:  I choose to believe that Christ is right   me:  "I am the way, the truth, the life"   me:  "Love me, with all your heart, and all your soul, and all your mind"   me:  not the next fix of entertainment   me:  or the next thrill you get when you see the girl you obsess over   jake:  yes..   me:  Christ wants that object of obsession to be Himself   me:  and that's HARD for us   me:  it's awfully hard for me   jake:  these are conclusions similar to what mark lim came to and shared with me, long ways back..   me:  we just don't get it   me:  I just don't get it.   me:  what it really means to want Christ   me:  with all my passion   me:  with all that I am.   me:  what does that really mean?   me:  I think   me:  that want   me:  that desire   me:  is the only real need that really underlies everything.   me:  the need to figure out   me:  what it means to really have passion for Christ   me:  I've obsessed over this girl   me:  and all that's come out of it  me:  is me feeling bad   me:  and her having to deal with this obsessed guy   me:  I've obsessed over being an artist   me:  but i honestly didn't have the drive   me:  to produce works of art   me:  I have zero works to present to you at this moment.   jake:  keep working at it, bro   me:  and i have no job. I can't support myself.   jake:  God is working in you, shaping you   me:  I can't get into my school research.   jake:  taking u thru experiences   me:  all these things led up to my depression   jake:  thru rough times, even   me:  but i realized, now, that I've been wanting the wrong things   me:  and that's why i'm miserable.   me:  i hope this has been an encouragement to you.   me:  and food for thought   me:  thank you for listening, since i seem to only to function   me:  by talking to someone   jake:  defnitely food for thought   jake:  that's cool   jake:  i'm always here to listen