         Well, this sure was a busy day.  I got up, cleaned the apartment, tried to start taking care of my loans, made dinner (I made meatballs, then sauce, then spaghetti... recipe from   www.foodnetwork.com ) that my brother asked me to make for small group tonight.  It was incredibly good, the recipe... the meatballs were a pork/beef mix with roasted fennel, coriander, a chili, freshly chopped rosemary, and salt and pepper.  I think it'd make an incredible burger, as well.  Just think.  That mix for a burger with fresh mozzarella, fresh parmesan, a good green lettuce, tomato, red onion, and pickle all on a garlic toasted bun.  That's my ideal burger.  It's a blend of italian and american... so good.  Well, another busy day tomorrow.  God, have mercy... please lead me to do what you desire for me to do.  Keep me from listening to those feelings of laziness.  I still miss all of my college friends.  But life must go on.  I had a conversation with a guy that will be staying here for a couple of weeks about music.  Honestly, I've been really jaded and disinterested with much of the music out there these days.  This is not to say that it's without talent... in fact, I think that there is exceptional talent out there.  However, all recent innovation in music has been based off of rehashing and remixing old things.  This is not bad either, because for the moment it sounds fresh and exciting.  But, I think it quickly loses my interest because, after all, I've heard it before.  (What I mean by rehash is the heavy amount of sampling done in hip hop music, the rap-metal fusion over the years, etc.)  I believe the stage is being set for something really new, bold, innovative, and lasting in its ability to excite.  The last way I felt that way about music was my personal discovery and research of   U2 . Their musical still sounds exciting and fresh to me... every time you listen, you don't get bored, you hear something new, another shade and texture that you've not heard in a previous listen.  I think that quality really drew me in... every song I've liked by them (and that's a LOT of songs...) has had that same experience for me, even the deceptively simple tracks that they released as pop singles.  The first U2 song that caught my attention was "New Year's Day" from their third album, entitled "War." (Incidently, they named it so because they were "declaring war" on a lot of the stale music of that time, as well as setting the tone for their very political purpose at that time for making music.)  "New Year's Day" is very dense in its soundscape... the first time I heard it, I thought it had a cool melody line.  The second time, I started to notice some different guitar sound here and there... and so it started, my intrigue for U2's music and how they create it.  That song sure doesn't sound like they were my age when they recorded it, but they were all about 22 or less.  Incredible.