         "maybe you shouldn't depend on people so much."  or, something similar to that was said to me by a friend of mine (I think you'll remember this convo, maybe you don't, the reader that said this to me).  It was in response to a me talking about this intense feeling of hollowness I had after I had just gotten back from the Chicago trip.  I think in some sense, that lonliness has been a cause of my depression and listlessness of late.  I miss a lot of the friends I had the pleasure to meet and know during college.  I think that I've grown so attached to the vibrant, social college environment, that the absence of it has rendered me with this hollowness inside.  In fact, a lot of depression started junior and senior year because those are the years in which I had less time to spend with friends, or meeting/interacting with people in general.  My personality and mental health seems to thrive on relationships and people... I need social contact.  So, that leaves me with a couple options to approach this problem.  1)  Maybe the problem is as I introduce this topic:  I could be too dependent upon people for my stability and strength, and not dependent enough upon my relationship with God.  Therefore, maybe I should spend a lot more time praying and reading the Word, instead of going online and reading blogs all day.  2)  Maybe it's just part of my personality, and it's not a problem to want to be around people.  After all, I am the extrovert, and God used that attribute to develop strong relationships over a wide range of people during college.  That really helped me to develop not just tolerance, but a real sense of God's love for His people.  Therefore, maybe I just have to move on and try to start building a new base of friendships here, and make all the effort I can to keep those old relationships alive.  3) Maybe it's a mixture of both.  It's probably a mixture of both.  Well, that's enough personal soul searching.  Today, I had the opportunity to lead childrens' worship, and take them out to McDonald's for some ice cream (or other treats).  It's been 4 years since I left my position to go to college, and my mom stuck me back into it.  Begrudgingly, I did so.  It was a begrudging effort because my heart hasn't been into that idea, and she just told me to do it.  I like children a lot, though.  The kids I have to work with now are really cute and well-behaved, and are very eager to learn... especially when it comes to memorizing bible verses.  They retain it a lot more than adults seem to, and it seems to be an easier effort.  At least, for grades 3 - 5.  I'm teaching a 6 year range of ages, which is really big, since stages of mental development between spans of even a year are very different.  So, I set up a top down chain of command... each kid is directly responsible for the kid that is directly younger.   That way, a good system of discipline is set up, and the kids learn a good understanding of responsiblity.  I taught them a quick lesson and led them with a little song; it was really cute, because they had rhythm instruments to play along.  Kids are such incredible windows into realizing how we really all are still children... it's just the older we get, the more stubborn we get.