         As I went to the bathroom on the ground floor of my house, something strange happened.  I didn't turn on the light from the hallway was bright enough to illumine the room.  The weird thing happened when I looked in the mirror as I washed my hands...  Picture yourself staring at your reflection, dimly lit... but all your features are dusted with a white coating of light.  It really creeped me out... it reminded me of that white face that flashes momentarily during the exorcism scene in The Exorcist.   I find it very difficult to not give in to my emotional episodes of late.  I find myself overcome with longing, disappointment, and hollowness.  I think if I weren't Christian, I would have succumbed to all of this a long time ago.  It's very hard for me to have hope sometimes.  I find myself getting angry because I messed up so many things this past year: friendships, school career, etc.  "School career? But you're getting your PhD!"  Yes, but it just doesn't seem right.  Maybe I'm not really supposed to be doing this.  I've always been more interested in multimeda and the presentation of information, than biomedical engineering.  But, I know that I tend to unrealistically fantasize too much.  People have asked me, "If you want to do music so much, why don't you put everything you have into it?"  Honestly, I'm not quite so sure.  I get really depressed on this subject, first and foremost because I haven't been able to produce a single work yet.  I can't write songs.  My mind loses focus and I guess I just don't have the talent or skills.  Yet, since high school, I've always wanted to write a song.  All throughout college, I tried, but nothing really ever came out.  Maybe I've lived too easy of a life, that my heart doesn't have much material to express.  I am not quite so sure what it is, but here I am, wishing I can express myself and write some good songs, but I can't.  Why do I want to write good music?  I honestly don't know why either.  I admit there is a sense of pride in there... having people enjoy your music is quite the ego trip.  I was always the kid growing that starved to be the center of attention.  But when I got it, I always and still choke.  All my ideas and creativity flee, all numbness enters and lose any sense of thought.  Whenever I sit to try to write a song, that happens.  Whenever I try to record, it happens.  There are these times where I launch into this long, absorbed bliss of playing around on the guitar... so in my excitement, I hook it up for recording, and it all just goes out the door.  Maybe God's led me to this point this way to get rid of that self-seeking attitude.  In any case, all praise to Him...  I still don't get why I'm the way I am, and where I'm going in this life.  I guess it's moments like these that make people write lyrics like, "I still haven't found what I'm looking for."  I am just hoping that I can get the courage and strength to get off my butt and start to live life, not wasting it away by "familiarizing myself with culture," i.e. watching excessive amounts of cable television like I've been doing the past couple of weeks.  I just don't understand it.  Why do I feel like I've missed out on life?  Why do I feel like I'm broken?  I still don't see what purpose God's called me to.  Maybe it's my church kids.  Maybe it's developing computation models of walking to aid in the development of orthopadic devices, preoperative planning tools, video games, and movies.  Maybe it's music, after all.  Maybe it's to find that girl.  Maybe she's someone I know, and neither of us has caught on.  The here and now in my life is still searching for the what's next.  Maine, here I come.