         Does anyone read this site anymore?  I never get any comments.  Not to say that I'm hungry for comments, but I just don't get any reactions to what I post.  Maybe I do too much at once?  Today, I awoke at 11, washed up, and went right to work at making a mix for a girl in my youth group.  She's one of the people that are interested in praise team.  I went on campus and took care of a bunch of mundane details.  I went back home and spent all night cooking for my brother's small group and d/l Radiohead songs and videos.  Yes, recently, if you haven't been able to tell, I've been getting back into Radiohead again.  I think this may be a test to see if I'll really apply what I've been thinking about and learning this past week.  In other words, I'm getting distracted.  I suppose I will have to tear myself away from listening to them and dreaming about how I can make music that is as thought provoking and complex.  I've lost a little focus.  It began when I was sitting in the computer lab on-campus; I decided on a whim to watch some Radiohead video online.. that spurred me to go home and record the sound of it so I can listen to it more.  That took a long time.  But man, they sure are really professional at their mixing, sampling, and just getting that unified sound.  Small group was interesting.  The one guy expressed his view that, from what he was learning in his religion classes, that the Bible shouldn't be given so much weight that it's given, to which I disagreed.  What else are you going to base your faith off of?  Your relationship with God?  It's more interesting to note that all his teachers for Islam, Hinduism, and etc. are devout believers of their respective faiths, but the class on Christianity is taught by an outspoken disbeliever.  "We will not refer to Jesus as 'Jesus Christ' because it is a religious affirmation... the only time I would use it is to use it as a profanity."  How screwed up is that?  You don't see anyone teaching Bhuddism saying something of that nature.  Not only is that going against what many believe, it's simply rude and one-sided... in that the professor is forcing the students to believe his view of Christ and the validity (or in his case, the invalidity) of the Bible.  How many of you Muslims out there would be offended if a professor in Islam would announce that he would not allow the usage of "Mohammed the Prophet" because he didn't believe Mohammed wasn't inspired, or the usage of "Allah" because that would be an confession of faith in Allah? And then, have the professor proceed to say that he would only use "Mohammed the Prophet" or "Allah" as profanities?  I would be offended as well.  Well, anyhow, tomorrow is a new day.  I am determined to get it right, to the best of what God strengthens me with.