         "I can't get you out of my head."  -Kylie Minogue  I really don't like that song.  But, that line sums up my experience for a long time.  I can't get you out of my head.  As a result, my emotions have been up and down, I find myself lost in thought.  What do I think about?  I think about you and I.  But, then, I think, if we finally were together, would I really be happy?  Do I really know what I want?  I find that I don't.  Who knows what they really want?  Hopkins people complain, when they first get to Baltimore (and actually, some do all throughout) that there's nothing to do.  "I'd be so much happier in a school in NYC, because Baltimore sucks."  As I'm here in Rutgers, I meet people that go to New York schools like NYU, and they have their very long lists of complaints... and you know what?  NYC is the city of choice for all those Hopkins people.   In other words, people want something, but they don't know what that something is.  So, I return to this fixation, this attachment that I write about.  I can't get you out of my head.  I haven't been able to get you out of my head for so long now.  But, do I really know what I want?  Do I even realize that you don't think the same way about me, that you don't even think about me in the first place?  That you, in fact, are really annoyed and put at unease as I unwittingly act upon how I feel during our interactions?  Those of you reading this post may be wondering whom I refer to.  It's pretty much my fantasy that I am addressing.  My fantasy of someone.  My fantasy of my career.  My fantasy of what would make me satisfied.  The genius of God in saying that He's the only thing that will satisfy us lies in this:  we really don't know what we want.  We think by wanting all these corporeal things, by wanting a romance, by wanting a phantom called Success, we will be satisfied when we get it.  But, the genius lies within the incorporeal, incomprehensible nature of God.  We can't imagine what He looks like.  We can't smell, touch, or hear Him.  But, He's there.  He can't be imagined, but He's in a relationship with those who believe in His Son.  What we could ever want is Something outside of us.  The thing that kills me is that I still turn to the promises of instant pleasure made by modern entertainment, and my body's desires.  I am caught in the habit.  I will be fighting this habit for a very long time.  How can I fight to seek the greater pleasure in God?  How do I keep that Hope, that Promise alive for every waking moment?  How?