         I drove to New Brunswick to visit my older brother Steve's apartment.  Known to some as "Shuilaba," I've called him "Hamem" (pronounced hum-mem) all my life so I'll refer to him as such from here on out.  Hamem invited me over to eat, since he was cooking dinner anyhow.  It was good... savory beef ribs and linguini with seafood alfredo sauce.  No wonder he's bigger every time I see him.  Anyhow, I decided to sleep over so that I can focus on studying tomorrow, and play racquetball with Hamem after he gets back from work.  Now.  To get the details straight about last Friday night.  To preface, earlier that night, I overheard Jimmy & Jimmy talking about how they were going to "get me." Naturally, for the rest of the night I was on guard... but as you'll see, it didn't do much to prevent disaster from happening.  So, we're playing Test Drive Rally.  Jimmy Su got a call from Jane Choi for plans about meeting with ATD the next day. All seemed normal... until I started to ask Jane for some more details about where to meet, since I knew the area pretty well.  That's when the trouble started.  I went over to Jimmy Choi's room to look up the map of the area online... and that's when I heard their footsteps behind me.  Fearing the worst, I ran into his room and slammed and locked the door.  At least, I tried to do so, but they figured out a way to bypass the lock.  Yelling for help, I dropped the phone not out of will, but out of the fact that they bumrushed me.  The next 15 minutes was a daze of torture and wrestling and me hiding under the desk for dear life.  Finally, it was over.  So I thought.  Later that night, it started up again. I was on the couch with Jimmy and Jimmy, and the next thing I know, they were going at it again.  This time, in the midst of it, Jimmy Choi pulled out this bunny hair band thing, complete with head and paws.  Jimmy Su cracked up and rushed to get his camera ready... for the next 20 minutes, Jimmy fought to put it on as I was on the couch.  Finally, they got the shot they wanted, and I slithered under the coffeetable for refuge.  Unfortunately, they weren't finished.  Jimmy Choi eventually forced me out from under the table and SAT on me. I think that did it.  I kept fighting and crying out for Albert, Jimmy's roommate and fellow Hopkins alum, to get home quick and help me.   Well, it just so happened that he came 3 minutes after they got their second shot.  For shame.  So, I told Albert to help me the next time that they would try to do something, but of course, he wasn't too sympathetic... especially when they did it again.  By that last attempt, I was just too tired.  I couldn't fight both Jimmy Choi sitting on top of me and Albert holding my arms down.  You guys are weird, scary, and unrelenting.  Phew.