         "From Bal'mo' to Jersey, to Maine and back..."  The moment we got to Maine, it started to rain.  Go figure, huh? :-)  Good thing, by the next morning it didn't rain again until our last evening there.  Maine was very excellent.  We went to the spahklin' beaches of York County, since they were rated one of the 10 best spots to vacation by Money Magazine.  On the first full day there, we first went to a   nature reserve  down the road from our campsite.  The hiking trail at the reserve went through forest and had some spectacular views of the marshes and coast.  Afterwards, we found this isolated beach down the road called Parson's beach that wasn't crowded at all and had especially clean water.  White sand and very very flat, so the waves were gentle (and at some points, nonexistent... kinda like a swimming pool).  My parents enjoyed picking mussels and snails for some grub.  What a first day!  The next couple of days were spent exploring the whole coast in that county... the Yorks, Cape Neddick, Ogonquit, Wells (where we had camped), and the Kennebunks.  We found this one tiny restaurant in Wells that was voted the best clam chowder, lobster roll, twin lobster dinner, and clam strips in the county.  They were right... we had the best clam chowder and clam strips I've ever tasted... as well as some "wicked deals on lobsta'," as the locals say.  $4.75 a pound! What a steal.  We went there a couple of times throughout the weekend.  The next day, we went to another nature reserve nearby; the forests seemed to be right out of a fairy tale, like Lord of the Rings.  Bad point: Mosquitoes up the wazoo.  I lost count of how many bites I got... same goes for the rest of the family.  Most of them were acquired as soon as we got there and started to pitch tent, when were were not so wise about the area.  But oh! the food, the beaches, the locale sure made up for it.  We spent a day touring towns listed in Money: the Yorks and Ogonquit.  Incidentally, we also drove around the Kennebunks, where President Bush is still vacationing.  We drove by his house, which was on this really tiny peninsula of rock.  There were secret service checkpoints, between which we weren't allowed to make any stops. It was pretty cool.  Yum.  Did I mention the lobster?  The clam chowder, the clam strips?  The best I've ever had.