         As you can see from the last post, we all had a great time serving at Glory this week.  Joe, my little bro, learned the finer art of Powerpoint word display.  As for me, it was an extremely humbling, learning, and refreshing experience.  I made a lot of connections there (I worked angles, Jimmy, but not  those  angles like you did :-D) with other church leaders, and many of them knew my older brother from Rutgers.  Why Humbling?  I came in and for the first day with sort of an attitude. Not necessarily one of superiority or whatnot, but simply baggage from this year.  I had been really down because I just didn't want to adjust, I didn't want to serve with kids, etc., so for the first day or so I felt very anti-social and decided to listen to those feelings (as opposed to being God-centered with them).  As I started to interact more with the workers and the kids, though, God was very quick to show me how I had become.  I sure felt shame.  I also entered the retreat thinking that I was pretty good at guitar, pretty good with music, but once again, I was humbled.  I know jack squat about music, especially in the high-pressure time period of performance.  Everything flies out of my mind; creativity, sense of melody, etc... and even though it was worship time, it was still difficult for me to express what I wanted to.  However, that was good in that I really learned more to pray for God's strength.  It always seemed that when I did, I was able to gel more with what was going on at the moment musically and spiritually.  Worship times aside, either when we were practicing or just jamming, I could see how limited my view in music had been while I watched other teachers or Jimmy or Jane get into it.  I have much to learn, much to practice.  I was humbled with my lack of social skills.  These days I have sunk back to my pre-college days, when I was really depressed and didn't really want to reach out to people.  As well, I still say random things out loud as I'm thinking, and when people are around, they realize that I'm just talking to myself. So yes, I am weird.  In a related subject, my control of my tongue is really poor... I speak before I say just a bit too much.  Why Learning?  See humbling section... many lessons learned there.  As well, I learned some fresh things about the Gospel that I had not considered before.  So much work goes into running a retreat, especially a larger one such as this.  Why refreshing?  It was good to see kids learn and respond to the Gospel, to worship, to be with old friends again, and to make new ones to boot. It was good to get away from things for a while.  It was good to rethink my priorities in life.  I also thought of new ideas for this site.  On my spare time, I'll start working on it.