         "The Fall of Jane's Ego"  A Tragedy.  Cast:  Jane - Singer extraordinaire, the subject of this tragedy Dan - The Instigator, the agent of destruction Jimmy - a.k.a Vin Diesel, a.k.a. Triple X, a.k.a. Judge Dredd, the Instigator's aid in destruction Me - The UN-biased observer  Setting: Glory 2002 Retreat, The Catskills, Upstate New York.  Jane had an ear infection due to an ear piercing, so she needed antiseptic ear cleaner to treat it.  She seemed to be fine until the later part of the retreat, so she asked Dan, the retreat director, if there was any available.  Incidentally, Dan had recently gotten his ear pierced, so she was in luck.  He had a bottle of Claire's Ear Treatment solution (at which many of us questioned his manliness... the fact that he cried during Disney's Aladdin didn't help either), for which Jane was very thankful.  Little did all of us know, this little bottle had much to play in the tragic events to come.  After the retreat had ended, we were all waiting in my room to start eating Chinese take-out for our final meal.  As Jane stepped out of the room, Dan decided to hide his very feminine bottle of Claire's Solution in her purse, most likely as a ruse to cover for his lack of male self-confidence.  Most likely, mind you, but none ever knows what goes on in the heart of the other man, correct?  Luckily (or, for future's sake, unluckily), Jane found it in her purse after Dan had stepped out to take care of end of retreat business.  Not to be bested, Jane mustered up a plan to get him back.  We brought our belongings out to the parking lot and waited near Dan's car, as Jimmy left to get his tires refilled with air.  The moment was at hand; Jane looked around to make sure Dan wasn't looking, and quickly slipped Claire's Solution into Dan's bag.  Victory! Jane had won!  She rejoiced in her cunning, her easy defeat of the Instigator.  Oh, but the plot thickens like cold Thanksgiving gravy.  We all decided to meet up at a rest stop on the way home.  Many of the churches were there as well, so we all had our last conversations and partings.  Jimmy and Dan were off for a very long time, because his car battery had died again.  Oddly enough, though they came back to say that all was well and we were all ready to leave, they disappeared again.  Jane didn't suspect a thing until one of the directors suggested that they were up to no good.  Quickly, she checked her purse, and found that she was still on top.  Again she rejoiced, since they still didn't know that she had hidden the bottle in Dan's bag.  As we drove off, Dan decided to drive right by us.  Jane, thrilled with her victory, started to hop in her seat, exclaiming, "He doesn't know! I got him!"  Later, down the road, when we caught up with Dan again, he placed a sign on his window that stated, "I win."  Slightly perplexed, Jane rechecked her purse.   Ah! No bottle!  He still doesn't know! I have the upper hand! , she thought.  So, to show us her victory, she turned to us in the car, brimming with excitement, and said, "I can't believe it!  I've never had the last laugh before!  I actually won this time!"  At this point, Jimmy was unable to stifle a giggle.  Jane paled with horror at the sound of his laughter, and started to question him.  Though he claimed innocence, clearly, something was amiss.  Panicking, she turned and asked us to check her suitcase.  I turned, opened her suitcase, and, indeed, discovered Claire's Solution.  "NO! I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!"  She grabbed the bottle and stared at it.  At that moment, those in the car felt it... her ego had fallen, crushed by the Instigator's sinister machinations.  In disbelief, she shook her fist and the bottle at the evil green Galant that bore the Instigator.  "I'LL GET YOU, IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO!"  At that, the Galant drove off into the sunset, never to be seen again.  The damage had been done, the scars were made, and Jane's ego was left cracked.  Watch out if you're ever driving on Interstate 87 in the state of New York... it can happen to you.