         "A Day With Amanda!"  Today, Amanda from Wellesley drove down here from Pennsylvania to hang out.  It was good to see yet another good friend from college :-)  After showing her my apartment, we went searching for a part I needed (an S-video to composite converter) in order to hook up my video card to my TV.  We headed to Circuit City first, but they didn't have it.  They suggested we go to the Radio Shack down the street, but as we drove, it wasn't to be found!  So, 1we decided to go eat in New Brunswick.  We found parking and walked down the main street, and decided upon this pizza parlor.  As we sat near the window to look out, lo and behold, a Radio Shack was right across the street!  I rejoiced.  The pizza was good, but eh.... at the same time.  The downfall was that we ordered to have some garlic on it, but they used a really strong garlic with WAY too much salt, so it was a little much to handle.  However, we had good conversation, though I tended to ratlle off a bit.  I only really do that when I'm in good company, though, and Amanda's really cool.  I think since we share the same sentiment that all relationships, be it friends or more or whatnot, should be meaningful, vulnerable, and honest, we've always hit it off really well.  A great friend to have.  Oh, so yeah, we go into Radio Shack, and this guy walks up to us and starts relishing in this one song that was blaring in one of the radioes. It was a little weird, I have to say.  He went on about how great the song was and how we should have been getting into it.  Then, after I found the part and was in the process of buying it, he started to converse the clerk, from across the store, about how loud that stereo was and all of its virtues. Very weird.  The thing that bugged me was that the TINY little adapter cost TWENTY DOLLARS.  Ridiculous, but hey, I needed the part.  Oh well.  Afterwards we drove back, and, barely containing my excitement, I hooked up the video card to the TV.  Voila, it worked without a hitch! So, to test it out, we watched a movie that was on the shelf (Suicide Kings) using my computer.  It was definitely a lot better image and sound quality than the cheap Samsung player, I tell ya.  Oh, and we could now navigate the menus, since we didn't have the DVD remote.  After the movie, I couldn't believe that the day had passed so soon.  Oh well.  But, yes, it was definitely a treat to hang out.  Leslie (from Adoremus) was going to come down and hang out as well, but that didn't work out.  Thanks for coming down to hang out, A!  It's always a treat to spend time with you :)