         I am getting closer the the realization of how clueless I am with my research.  I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing, though, I know what I'm supposed to be doing.  God, have mercy.  I stayed up till 6 AM today putting together prep materials for the praise team that I'm heading up for next next Saturday's praise night.  I cleaned up a poorly recorded message by C.J. Mahaney, "The Main Thing."  Oh, what solid meat that was.  Increible, senors y senoritas.  Muy bueno.  I also put together a mix of possible new songs that we'll sing, songs that they probably wouldn't know.  I have come to learn more and more how the Enemy works to slow spiritual growth at the personal and church body level.  He does it primarily by convincing or enticing us to listen more to our critical thoughts and darker emotions... because when we think or feel them, they breed self-righteousness.  Why would we ever want to think ourselves to be wrong?  We are very quick to always assume that we are right, and very rarely do we catch ourselves from going down that path.  I think 99% of the problems in church stems from people getting too self-important and prideful about what they think their church needs, what problems their church has.  When it comes to listening to leaders, they focus more on their negative feelings and reactions to the leaders' foibles and weaknesses.  Vice versa, the leaders can start feel the same way about the followers, they don't want to change what they're doing, and they try to exert their authority more.  Cycles of bitterness and resentment form, and thus the commonly known problems arise:  church splits, fights, and whatnot.  That's an oversimplification in many aspects, I realize, but I have seen it tear myself apart and so many churches apart.  I've grown up in the church, and I've seen it from both the elders'/deacons' side, the pastor's side, the members' side.  Self-righteousness is very deceptive, very hard to detect, so it usually starts small and end up becoming the key factor that splits the church.  It is only by Grace and through prayer that we come to detect it.   I hope that all of you that have been embittered by past, recent, or current experiences in church consider the following question; what is at the root of your anger?  What is at the root of your resentment?  Is it really reasonable, or Godly, to worsen your wounds with the salt of bitter thought?  Have you prayed and sought to see what is the most sensitive and encouraging thing to do at the moment?  I am still dealing with these feelings whenever I deal with my mom, and I think people in my church, and my family are as well.  I am not so sure why, but I really sense that the Enemy has hampered much progress in my church's growth in this respect.  But, glimmers of hope always emerge, and God has already used a lot of these things for the good.  For example, I see my dad has been getting more sensitive with my mom's feelings and needs; in turn, I hear he's been doing so more for the church as well.  Well, I must go back to work.