         I played Chrono Trigger, an old role playing video game for the Super Nintendo, until 6 in the morning today.  I woke up at 1 PM.  What I should have done:  Work on the powerpoint slides of the song lyrics for tomorrow's praise night Make the small group question sheets Prepare the key verses and what will be said between songs Work out technical details for sound and whatnot Make up an icebreaker  How could I preach that Christianity is a way of life, a life of worship, when all I do is try to satisfy my instant urges... to glorify myself?  What happened to "the life I live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God who loved me and gave himself for me?"  What happened to "I no longer live, but Christ lives in me?"  That's what the theme of the afternoon/night is, that Christianity is life of worship and looking outwards instead of inwards.  Maybe this is all to teach that I'm getting too self-righteous these days?  Trusting too much in what I do?  But that's no excuse for laziness or self-centered hedonism.  Well.  Anyhow, Sprint PCS has been causing trouble, and I don't even have a phone or a number yet.  They never sent me a confirmation email in the past three days, though I was promised, "You will receive a confirmation e-mail within 24-48 hours."  Try 72!  Well, after more than an hour of being bounced around 10 operators (but hey, at least they were people not automated systems), I finally was able to piece together the exact department that was dealing with my order.  PHEW.  They said they'd take care of it, since it was backlogged due to technical problems they've been having.  So, I SHOULD be getting it by next Wednesday.  But, if I do get my plan, I'd say the trouble was worth it.  4000 n&w?  6000 bonus n&w for the next six months?  500 anytime?  all for $36.68?  That's not too bad.  The more daytime minutos, the better, right?  I was going to have dinner with my friend from college, Jimmy Choi, but he couldn't make it.  What to do now?  I'm starving.  Well, I should get going.  See you all after the weekend.  No Weekend Update for you!