         Wow. What a day.  Last night was really strange, I tell you.  After coming back from trying to do homework at the library, I tried to continue working on my homework due at 10 AM this morning.  I also had to prepare myself for Good Friday worship service: make the set list, think about what to focus on, etc.  Anyhow, what ended up happening was, I started thinking, maybe I should just not do my homework since we're allowed 2 late homeworks. That way, I'd be able to focus on the prep time.  That's when the weirdness began.  I started to get a little tired, and I also went over to Jimmy's room to ask him for his opnion on what I should do: homework, or prep?  Upon hearing his reply, for some reason it really infuraited me.  "Do what ever you want, but don't come to me to justify whatever you do" was sort of the gist of it.  Now, I know he didn't mean any harm with it, since he really wasn't paying attention.  But for some strange reason, this wave of anger and judgement washed over me and I started to think all these scathing, judgemental thoughts of Jimmy.  I decided to do my homework instead, since it seemed the more obedient thing to do, but i couldn't focus on what I was doing; those angry thoughts kept creeping in.  So, I decided to take a shower to just relax and take a big time out.  Something was up.  Somehow, upon looking back on it, it seemed to be some sort of spiritual attack mixed in with my natural sinful tendency to judge.  The suddeness of the anger (when I was perfectly fine the minute before), the big temptation to entertain and dwell in those thoughts, and their distracting effect from my studies seem to all point to marks of spiritual attack: malice, pride, and distraction.  I started to pray immediately about asking God to protect my mind, and I started to counter all the feelings and thoughts with the Truth of Christ's sovereignty over my them.  I think that hepled a lot; it was still there, but they weren't as bad.  Weird.  Anyhow, I ended up falling asleep at around 3-4 AM and not getting the homework done.  Furthermore, my alarm went off at 7:00, but I ended up hitting snooze until 11:30.  I just couldn't get up; the exhaustion was so overpowering.  Well, long story short, after I woke up, I prepared the rest of the setlist, went to class, came back, practiced, and went to church with Scott Burkholder (great guy at my church!).  Worship turned out to be really amazing, and we were all really blessed by it.  What do I mean?  Well, the time of singing songs together was very emotionally charged and responsive; we focused on praising God for sending Christ to die for our sins (especially since it's Good Friday), and simply praising Him.  Funny, how those times are the times in which I feel the  best ... the exhilaration I get from other means can never match how I feel at those moments of praise.  Well, it's time to sleep. Thanks for reading.