         "My Wife Is Gangster"  I did something tonight that I thought I'd never bring myself to do:  watch a Korean movie.  Yes, that's right, it's no typo, I watched a Korean movie, and it's title?  Take a wild guess.  Seeing as its title was grammatically incorrect, I steeled myself for what I guessed would be a typical Korean drama.  I was surprised to find that it was an action movie, but yes, it was pretty bad.  There were some moments, but it convinced me again about how non-Korean I am in taste, culture, and mentality.  As well, it convinced me how biased I am towards Korean-produced media and entertainment.  I suppose I should broaden my horizons, but I dunno... the past 20 years of seeing painfully sappy and cheesy movies, shows and music has burned that negative bias into my mind.  All of this brings me to ponder upon the age old issue (for me, at least) of identity.  I'm definitely American.  I'm Korean by genetic and physical makeup. But culturally?  I understand aspects of Korean culture, but not all of it.  The fact that I'm saying that shows how outside of Korean culture I reside.  When it comes to Korean food, it's not my favorite, but I don't dislike it.  It can be really good, but it doesn't give me the satisfaction that Italian food does.  Yes, I have more of an American taste in food.  As in, I can be made full and enjoy it with Korean (or Asian food in general), but my stomach and mind are more pleased and satisfied with American.  The same goes for music.  I'm not a fan of Asian, but Western music.  Well, aren't I happy about myself.  Man, this page makes me feel so narcississtic and self centered when I go on too much about myself instead of analyzing and describing things around me.  Ok.  How about this?  My roommate's old TV's been busted for a while, so I tried to fix it today.  I was hoping that it would have been just a blown fuse (the problem is that the TV doesn't turn on), but alas.  Both fuses were intact!  Bummer. I traced the path of electricity from the cord to the transformer to the circuitboard in hopes of seeing, maybe, something that wasn't right, but no luck.  I still can't figure it out, oh well.  This is one dumb entry ;-)