         Flashes of thought that hit me today.   Topic 1: I'm still talking too much.   The level to which that statement reaches is very deep.  Consider:  In the past two days and three nights, I've used almost 7 hours of phone time. That's right.  About 400 minutes. Well, to explain, I have been trying to catch up with all the people that I wasn't able to talk to all summer long, due to my lack of any phone services.  Oh, and free long distance is a big factor in that, as well :-)  But to get back on topic, when was talking with one friend, and she brought that up (since we discussed my verbosity previously) during the conversation.  I then proceeded to do exactly what I do not want to do, and I didn't do what I wanted to do.  The rest of that conversation was me blabbing;  though, I did make more of a concious effort to listen.  However, the level to which the statement reaches is this:  It's not necessarily the amount that I talk that concerns me, but the  reason why that amount is high .  I think the reason is that I think by speaking first,  then  evaluate and organize afterward, as opposed to evaluating and organizing my thoughts and then speaking.  That's not always a bad thing, and that's the way my mind works.  However, I do notice that I tend to share too much information at once, not in the revealing sense, but in the info overload sense.  I find myself then losing my train of thought, and I find the people I'm talking to sitting there with glazed eyes.  How can that change?  It's a very difficult thing for me to recognize, sometimes, because of the way I think and communicate.  How do I slow myself down and think things through?   Topic 2:  My issues with my "C"orean heritage.   It struck me again today as I met a couple of fellow BME grad students that were "yoo hahk seng," or international Korean students.  Yes, I don't speak Korean at all (You know, basic stuff here and there, but I can't carry a conversation or anything).  Talking with them made me realize how different I am from a Korean Korean.  How very different I am, if you think about it: they grew up only knowing Koreans, only speaking Korean, mostly eating Korean food.  I grew up as the only Korean on the block, only speaking English, eating so many different kinds of food.  Thinking about that made me wonder why I've never made a conscious effort to learn Korean, or of my heritage.  In fact, I'm a little apprehensive about the idea of visiting Korea, because I don't want to deal with people giving me stares and treating me in a substandard fashion.  I've already been subjected to that in elementary school; it wasn't pleasant then, it wouldn't be pleasant now, it'll never be pleasant in the future.  I think those environments of being forced to be conscious of my Korean background left  almost  a sense of shame and distaste for my culture.  I stress "almost" because I'm not exactly shameful of it, but it always leaves me with a queasy feeling whenever I'm exposed to Korean media.  I grew up forming the opinion that Korean dramas, movies, and music are of substandard quality, so now it's hard to think otherwise.  I'm sure that there is good stuff out there, but it's really difficult to fight this bias that's 22 years in the making.  I have yet to find/listen to a Korean music act/band that strives for artistic integrity and originality and tries to convey personal philosophical viewpoints with their lyrics.  Ha! Not that I would understand the lyrics. :-)  But generally, I find myself alienated sometimes when I see some of my Korean American peers getting into Korean music/drama/culture in general, because of that bias that I have.  I find it even harder to relate to Korean Koreans for the same reason.  That alienation then results in me wondering what I am, sometimes, but then I realize, I am American.  I embody the typical melting pot American ideal, it seems:  my favorite cuisine is Italian, favorite styles of music are British Rock, Jazz, and Hip Hop, I have many friends of different heritages.  Well, just things to think about.  You know, typical identity crises sort of things ;-)   Topic 3: Last Night's Dream   I dreamed about you.  You grabbed my ankle (how confusing!), smiled, and told me that my mom told you to do it. I'm still confused about that.