         Tonight I called a whole buttload of people.  Friends from high school, friends from college, etc... it was like a breath of fresh air, I tell you.  I think a summer devoid of real contact with people built this innate urge to call so many people.  Thank you, God, for Your provision.  How good, how great You are, that You provide so much to someone that deserves nothing.  Blessings to count:  My apartment Getting paid to go to school Getting to know God The actual desire to know God Knowing God  Oh, but how little I know You.  How very little I make attempts to.  How could I not?  How could I rush through reading Your words?  I sense that, in my rush to finish and do something that, in eternity, won't be important?  I rediscovered this song that I really got into my freshman year:  'The Friendship and the Fear' by Matt Redman  Here are the lyrics:  You confide in those who fear You Share the secrets of Your heart Friendship give to those who seek to Honor You with every part  Though I'm one with unclean lips, Lord I am crying woe is me Trying now to rid myself of All the things that hinder me...   From knowing You, hearing You speak Seeing You move mysteriously Your whisperings in my soul's ear I want the friendship and the fear Of knowing You   There is one thing You have spoken There are two things I have found You, oh Lord, are ever loving You, oh Lord, are always strong  I am longing to discover Both the closeness and the awe Feel the nearness of Your whisper Hear the glory of Your roar...  This song always sends tingles up my spine.  I want this closeness.  I want to be at this point of intimacy with God where I sense the close friendship, and the reverent fear that results.  If I can only approach the Word and read it for the life it contains, not for this experience that I'm hoping to get.  A burning question that I need prayer for.  How am I to be fed?  I think God's put me in this point in my life to learn how to feed myself... but does that mean I don't listen to the Word being preached on Sunday?  Maybe I should go for listening to John Piper's sermons, as they're updated weekly from his services.  Maybe.  Please, keep that in prayer.