         I find myself awake at 4:15 am, tossing and turning.  So much on my mind.  Going to Rutgers is a totally different animal than Hopkins, I'm not sure how I can adjust.  I find that in order to get all my details in order, I have to be 10 times more on top of things than I was at JHU.  Loans, registration, etc.  Life is harder in that I'm not sure if I'm missing something, whereas at Hopkins I knew exactly what I had to pay, what I had to do, when I had to do it, and where I had to do it.  Here, I'm still not sure how I'll get paid, I'm not sure what it is I have to do, I don't know when I have to do anything, and I certainly (nor does anyone) know where to do anything.  Welcome to grad school life.  Another thing keeping me up:  Do I life what I preach?  How am I keeping myself spiritually healthy?  My spiritual health of late is like my diet and exercise routine: I don't have an established diet besides what's in the fridge at the moment, and I exercise once a month, looking at my last month's regimen.  I practice not the art of meditation on His Words.  By God's grace, the past few weeks have been getting better in my prep for the praise night, but I'm am struck (as stated in a previous entry) about my genuine faith: do I life what I profess?  I preached the following last Saturday:    Romans 5:6-11   Life Is Worship  A worshipful life is a life spent in continual response to Someone greater than everything: see 1 Corinthians 10:31.  A life of a Christian should be a life of worship.  We are a royal priesthood, see 1 Peter 2:9.  We are living temples, 2 Corinthians 6:16.  Is playing 4 hours of Chrono Trigger an example of a life spent in continual response to Someone greater than everything?  When I think a lustful thought, am I being a living temple?  Am I a royal priest of integrity when I lie in order to save face?  What a body of sin in which I live.   I shirk so many of my responsibilities for the sake of the here and now.  I've done so all summer.  What a poor example of discipline!  Those thoughts are what keep me up at this wee hour.  Grace, grace, why can't understand and be freed by the concept of grace?  Free to LIVE?  I lose out on so many things in life because I go for the stupid cheapo lure of modern entertainment.