         Am I just being pretentious with this website?  I've been having second doubts about my online journal.  I originally conceived this idea of having one during my freshman (or was it sophomore?) year:  to present the life experiences of a Christian in the modern day.  However, I didn't get a start on this page until www.blogger.com came out, because it tremendously simplified the process of posting while simultaneously giving me the freedom to present my site in any form I want.  However, at the time I was developing the site, I learned that web logging had been a phenomenon... man! I thought my idea was original.  Oh, but I digress.  My heart has been torn for the past couple of weeks in trying to define the line between artistic expression and sensitivity.  For example, if you've noticed for the past week, I've been trying to address what's been plaguing my heart for a very long time now:  one-sided emotional attachment.  When I first had the idea to record and display my thoughts and struggles on the subject, I questioned myself as to the appropriateness of it:  would it follow the vision of the site, while protecting the anonymity and feelinngs of the person in question?  I racked the situation in my mind and came to the conclusion that feelings will inevitably be hurt or disturbed by my expression.  But, I wanted to stay true to the vision:  this thing has been utterly consuming my mind, and if I want to be fully honest and vulnerable with my thoughts and experiences, I would be leaving out one of the biggest factors in my mental state to this day.  So, I started to communicate the reality of my consciousness, and it was quite a release to be able to communicate my grapple with my obsession; to me, it was definitely following the vision of the site.  This is the stuff that life is made out of.  This is the stuff that people go through.  This is the pain that, unfortunately, many of us go through, and I wanted to present my experience to show how Christ will work through it.  I still don't know how He will, but I know that He will.  But, isn't that pretentious?  As aforementioned, the person in question is inevitably uncomfortable and disturbed by my writings.  If stuck in the same position, who wouldn't be?  I tried to make it clear that it wasn't really herself but predominantly the obession that I was addressing, but I think a few times I did lose my judgement and did direct things her way.  This problem, then, brings to mind something that reddens me with shame:  am I so cowardly as to not deal with this with her personally?  Am I hiding behind my little pet project to deal with my pain?  Even worse, am I embarrassing this person in public?  She's never done anything wrong to me; in fact, she's always was been a good friend to me, and I've tried, albeit my feelings and this recent episode, to be a servant of Christ for her.  These ramifications grieve me.  What have I done?  Have I crossed the line?  The artist in me says, "Ah! Controversy has stirred... that means what you're doing matters!  Think of the artists that you like, think of 'Creep' by Radiohead... isn't that a personal song?  Didn't Thom Yorke have to hurst someone with that song?"  Yes, but Radiohead can be pretentious.  Yes, but I'm not really much of an artist.  Who has any right to be pretentious, anyway? The super ego in me says, "Ah! You megalomanic, you think this is about you?  You think you're at the center of attention?  Don't you care about others' feelings?"  I have no answer...  I'm at a loss inside for what it is I am to do.  I'm at a loss inside for what is the God-glorifying thing to do; have I mired myself in my flesh's thoughts so much, that I've clouded all of my judgement?  The fallen nature likes to sin, but it never likes the consequences.  The regenerated nature doesn't necessarily enjoy sin, and doesn't like the consequences.  The temptation:  why not just like it, instead of never be happy at all?  The answer:  the regenerated nature has a future, and has access to real Life, here on earth.  That's great... but... I'm still left in this position.  Have I gone too far?  Am I being to self-important with making a big deal in the first place?  The conclusion, when all has been heard, is:  I am a coward.