         This is the time of healing.  It feels like I'm losing all my strength.  I feel like this summer, this year, I've lost my grip on life.  Tim for the past 3 years is not the Tim of the past year.  Then again, I'm the same.  This is what came to me today:  A fatal flaw:  laziness/fear.  Laziness is the fear of pain.  My laziness stems from my weak, passive will.  I see what it takes to do something, then shy away from it because my feelings take over.  In a sense, it stems from my oversensitivity to my feelings.  I think because I experience them so strongly, I don't want to face them when they're negative.  Hence, my wishy-washy, whimsical experience (Funny, a couple of entries ago, I wrote about Christ the Rock.  Goes to show how slow my heart is getting what's in my head):  This time is an example of my struggle as a Christian... being sensitive to my sin.  When I start familiarizing myself with the goodness of God and the perfection of Christ, I have been becoming more aware of the depth and the immediate results of my sin.  Oh, how I turn to it with every chance I get!  In this student environment, the effects are immediate: late assignments, frustration over late assignments, poor grades, missed education opportunities... etc.  I know what it takes to understand the subject:  making a strong mental effort to see what the teacher is getting at, trying to adopt the new way of thinking, reading the book and the notes... obsessing.  It takes obsession to know something well, and obsession requires a lot of energy.  When I see that I need that to do learn, I don't want to go through the pain.  If I love the subject enough, then maybe that'd be different.  But I don't love math.  I don't love Biochemistry.  However, I know that if I do learn these things, my mind will be able to see things in an enhanced and structured way.  Do you see the duality?  See the struggle:  I see the end result as greater, but I don't go after it because the immediate pain of doing something I don't like overpowers my mind.  How do I get the steel will, Lord, to break through?  How do I keep making those seemingly tiny, constant decisions to keep going?  Jesus, how can I keep going?  Please, Lord, teach me.  Give me that strength.