         Stayed up all night rewiring a bass.  Tired.  God, help me in this week to really focus and get my work done.  ****  One year.  So much can happen in one year, yet it doesn't seem like it's been that long already.  It's a cliche to say this, but it seems like it all happened yesterday. When I woke up early that morning, I remember jumping out of bed and with my newfound conviction to get into shape.  At around 8:50 AM on a crisp Tuesday morning, I went to jog around the block.  Along the way, I greeted two underclassmen I knew.  Definitely out of shape, I panted up the steps at 9:00 AM, ashamed that it was only a 10 minute run.  I showered, got ready, and walked to the library with my books to get a good head start on the first semester of my senior year.  Paul Han greeted me from an M-level desk, by the windows and the newspapers.  I don't know if it was him or Rena that first told me, but I heard the news as soon as I put down my bag.  "Did you hear?", and "Isn't it crazy?"  It didn't really sink in at first.  I thought it was just an accident, and that though some people got hurt, it'd be ok.  However curious I was, I sat down and started to unpack.  Then, I noticed that a lot of people were getting out of their seats.  More curious, I got up and realized that they were joining a crowd at the couches and telnet terminals.  They were all huddled around a TV that was set up on the telnet desks, so I pushed through to see what had happened.  It was at that moment when the towers began to collapse.  Chills overtook my body, and I stood, gaping.  I instantly thought of my brother, who works in New York.  Paul found me, and we went to John Tang's apartment to watch the rest of the broadcast.  During our trip to his place, the second tower collapsed... we sat and watched for another half hour.  Paul couldn't take watching anymore, and I was starting to share the sentiment.  The first thing I did was call home.  No one picked up.  I called again, and this time, my grandmother (who was visiting at the time) picked up.  Through my broken command of Korean, I realized that my parents had also gone into the city that morning.  Once again, I shivered with chills.  Next thing I know, I received a call about a prayer meeting.  I instantly got up and went to the freshman quad, and met Jon Chu and some others there.  The number grew to about 50 odd people.  All the ministries besides Agape were there... we prayed until the early afternoon.  People were trying to hear about their siblings or parents that worked at the WTC... we laid hands on them and prayed like we never had prayed before.  After people disbanded, I finally called home to find that my parents were ok, as well as my brother.  It turns out, he was on the last train in when it happened.  The next day, classes resumed, but obviously I couldn't get the previous events out of my thoughts.  I wrote a refrain in my mind, repeating the phrase, "it was the day the world fell, the day the world fell, on its knees, on its knees."  My brother told me that it was just crazy for the next couple of months as he continued to go to work (his office was near the Empire State).  The atmosphere crackled with tension, and he couldn't get over from seeing "Missing Person" signs strewn over every possible subway wall and traffic sign pole.  The smell from the smoke wouldn't leave for months, he said.  As the anniversary draws near, it brings back a lot.  In fact, it brings me back to the same state I was in last year.  I thought I had gotten over it.  I read up on account after account on why the Towers fell, on the engineering flaws that kept people from living, on the engineering strenghts that kept people alive, and pored over picture after picture of the hits.  It was all my way of getting over it... if I understood it, it wouldn't be so shocking anymore.  I was wrong.  At the time, it worked.  I got over the shock.  When Paul, Yogi, Ajin, my brother and I visited Ground Zero during Thanksgiving, I was sure that I had gotten over the shock after seeing the wreckage and the crayoned tributes from schoolchildren with my own eyes.  But, here I am.  It's an year later, and the shock has come back again as if it never left.  How can anyone forget?  People who weren't connected to it have, and they talk about it as "that 9/11 thing."  It unsettles me more that people make un-respectful mirth out of it (there is respectful mirth, but there's definitely more unrespectful humor out there), but oh well.  I still haven't gotten over it.  Will I ever?  Will we ever?  It's things like this that shock me to the reality of our frailty and our frivolousness.  God, I am frail.  God, I am petty.   Bring me back to the cross.  Bring me back.  Give me Life.  I won't forget the love You've shown, I won't forget the Love You've shown.  Bring me back.