         "Therefore, since we have been justified through faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand. And we rejoice in the hope of the glory of God. Not only so, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, because  we know that suffering produces perseverance; perseverance, character; and character, hope . And  hope does not disappoint us , because  God has poured out his love into our hearts  by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us."  -Romans 5:1-5 NIV  The heck?  How do I rejoice in this pain that starts in the middle of my chest and spreads throughout my torso, stifling me till I can't even weep?  How could I listen to and sing these following lyrics?  "Blessed be Your name And blessed be Your name on the road marked with suffering Though there’s pain in the offering Blessed be Your name  And when the darkness closes in, Lord, still I will say, 'Blessed be the name of the Lord, blessed be Your name'...  You give and take away, You give and take away My heart will choose to say 'Lord, blessed be Your name'"  -  Blessed Be the Name of the Lord , by Matt Redman  How?  How can I get my heart to recognize this as a blessing in disguise?  Who could ever imagine blessing coming from deep, extended betrayal?  I'm bitter that I thought I was responsible for causing pain, but instead, all along I was being  betrayed  behind my back?  Then I think of Judas and Jesus:  "Now the betrayer had arranged a signal with them: 'The one I kiss is the man; arrest him.' Going at once to Jesus, Judas said, 'Greetings, Rabbi!' and kissed him.  Jesus replied, 'Friend, do what you came for.'"  - Matthew 26:48-50  Jesus, what're you doing?  You know that Judas, whom You love, is screwing you over...  You're just going to let Him take advantage of You like that?  "During the days of Jesus' life on earth, he offered up prayers and petitions with loud cries and tears to the one who could save him from death, and he was heard because of his reverent submission. Although he was a son, he learned obedience from what he suffered and, once made perfect, he became the source of eternal salvation for all who obey him..."  -Hebrews 5:7-9  God, I understand all this in my mind... that You did it all for our good.  But God, how do I actually make this heart rejoice?  I've even tried shouting at my soul to not be downcast, but it hasn't done anything.  I just don't know how to force myself to rejoice in suffering.  Yes, you're teaching me perseverance to teach me character to give me hope so that I won't be disappointed.  Yes, this is all a blessing.  You give and take away, but how can I get this stupid and stubborn heart to GENUINELY cry, "Blessed be Your Name!" in response?  God, please, teach me. You're the only One that can show me through this... You let me into it after all.  Help me to ignore all the naysayers that say to trust in myself, to simply just let go of something that won't let go of me.  Every blessing You pour out should turn to praise... let this be something that will enable me to praise You at a level so deep and true that those around me may be led to You.  I'm hurting.  Heal me.