         I'm not a big fan of fads, seeing as I've always been an outsider.  So it makes me more unhappy that "blogging" is a fad, seeing as this site would be construed as one that was borne out of a bandwagon spirit (though I've had the idea to do it for a long while, since freshman year of college).  Ok, that's me being petulant and whiney.  This is me not:  I was thinking about closing down the site, after I had the idea to do this huge revamp where I would have an indicator for the nature of the day's entry. It'd say extraspective for entries that are observations of the world or are explaining, or intraspective for entries that convey my thoughts and meditations for the day.  Maybe I'll keep up the links, since it seems that people like the list of links that I've compiled.  Most likely, I'll keep doing what I've been doing up to this point, but it has been a consideration.  School has been showing me how tired I am of it.  I wonder a lot if i should be here, but it seems that the people God's led me to through the program are reason enough to stay on the boat.  So, I'm thinking to myself these days, less online journal, more real journal, less online time, more God time.  I'm not sure if my goal was met: an evangelistic chronicle of a Christian's life, seeing as most of the people that I know that read this page are my college friends, and they're mostly Christian.  Furthermore, I've now steeped myself in the culture of the technological age and find myself oversaturated and replete with information.  I've gotten much out of it, but I've gained little in terms of real heavenly rewards.  As for using the communicative powers of the internet, hey.  If you really want to see how I'm doing, just call me.  Or, I'll call you, since i have 3000 minutes left this month :-).  I think it's time to get back to real life.  I've lived in front of this computer for the past years to escape reality sometimes, and it's time for me to get back to my old self and get out there.  I'll still go in AIM from time to time, seeing as it is a good means of keeping in touch, and maybe I'll post on here from time to time, as well, to keep things interesting.  Bye.