         At the Steven Curtis Chapman concert, one of the natives that partook in the 1950s killings of Jim Elliot and his team of missionaries gave his testimony.  It was one of the most amazing ways to see how powerful and real the Gospel is... makes me see how shallow and trivial an understanding I have of its power and authority to change and give life to the lost... including myself.  I feel more lost now than I've ever felt in a long time.  If you've been keeping up with my blog for the past couple of weeks, you probably are familiar with some reasons for feeling lost.  I've felt so lost this past year, and I don't know why.  I've had and currently have every possible reason not to.  In fact, there were times in which I had at least a sense of peace about life, but overall there's still this uncertainty of life that constantly pervades my subconcious.  Feelings of emptiness and unfulfillment, waves of frustration, regret, and sadness wash over my mind sometimes.  I've addicted myself to the computer for the past... oh... 8 years?  I think if there's anything that has claimed my mind and life, it's this addiction to computers.  Well, more specifically, computer games, socializing online, browsing the internet, fixing and building computers, etc.  Sigh.  There's so much sin that lies at the root of all of this, and so much sin that resulted... things that have left me now forlorn and lost.  This entry doesn't sound so hopeful, does it?  Well, I do have hope in the fact that I can at least recognize these problems... and that Christ is eager for me to change.  Something that comes to my mind:  "This is what the Sovereign LORD , the Holy One of Israel, says:   ' In repentance and rest is your salvation,  in quietness and trust is your strength,  but you would have none of it .  You said, 'No, we will flee on horses.'  Therefore you will flee!  You said, 'We will ride off on swift horses.'  Therefore your pursuers will be swift!  A thousand will flee  at the threat of one;  at the threat of five  you will all flee away,  till you are left  like a flagstaff on a mountaintop,  like a banner on a hill.'    Yet the LORD longs to be gracious to you;  he rises to show you compassion.  For the LORD is a God of justice.   Blessed are all who wait for him  !"   - Isaiah 30:15-18, NIV