         1:45 am, still doing homework.  I'm in my lab at school working on it, since the program I have to use for it is on these computers.  I feel really alone right now.  Not just "now" as in at this time, but "now" as in these days.  I think it's because of my general state of dissatisfaction; I'm not sure why I am so, but I just am.  God has given me every reason to be satisfied:  I'm in grad school, I live in a good apartment with my brother and 2 good roommates, I'm not plagued by any serious disease, I enjoy playing guitar, I serve at a church... and I know God (at least, at the miniscule level that I do).  Yet, I find myself unsatisfied.  I don't like my studies, at least, until I really get into it, but that's a real struggle.  I am plagued with these constant feelings of failure and inadequacy as a person.  Yet, I know that I am a child of God, and that's the only thing that seems to keep me afloat.  Call it a crutch if you will, but I've come to see that my subjective experience and strength are not very trustworthy; only this objective thing, the Gospel, keeps me grounded.  BUT, I still find myself plagued by a constant bombardment of these feelings and thoughts that I am a failure.  I don't know why they come, but they do, and at times, I give in to the temptation... I give in hard, and get lost in these episodes of utter despair and hopelessness.  That constant battle rages on in me.  Recently, it's gotten pretty bad to the point of my inability to function.  It's happened many times before, and somehow I've still gotten to this point in life.  Anyhow, to follow up on my day of "sabbath rest."  It wasn't much of one, though for the full afternoon, I did what I intended to do: I really got into a good meditation on the Word in preparation for this weekend, and came up with some things to chew on and refine.  However, I got distracted with other things and now, I'm doing homework.  Man.  I really need to figure out a better way to prioritize, to plan these things in a much more deliberate manner.  I'm slowly getting myself back into the groove of life, but I have a long road ahead.  This was a very rough weekend/week up to this point.  I just hope I can make it through the rest of it... not just for my sake, but for the sake of all those teens I'll be speaking to this weekend.  Speak to us all, God, please.  I'm all ears.