         "Weirdness!"  I had this dream last night that my old roommate and I were living in an apartment in some city; I couldn't tell which one it was, let's say it's NY.  We're hosting a party, but I couldn't find anything in the fridge that would work together to whip up snacks.  But, I found a lot of cheese, and I thought to myself, "hey, fondue is always good."  So we went downstairs to go shopping, and along the way I saw Christine Choy and Hanna Lee walking together.   Weird, they haven't lived together since sophomore year , I thought, but I walked up to greet and ask Christine what we would need for fondue.  "Jack cheese, fresh mozarella, and white wine." I scratched my head, wondering how mozarella would work in fondue, but she seemed to know about these things.  I turned to found no one standing there.  Confused, I looked around, but to no avail: gone.  In the meantime, Christine and Hanna invited me over.  It was weird, they were living in someone else's house, and were renting out one room.  Their room was dolled up very nicely, I must add.  By this point I forgot about why I had left the apartment, and I forgot that I couldn't find my roommate.   Why did I leave? Oh yeah, I left to go to orientation.   That's when the dream changed.  I went to orientation (for what, I have no idea), and as I was exploring the school after it was over, I found that Angela Chung was having a concert in this big hall packed to the full.  After it was over, I yelled to her.  She turned and turned and couldn't find me, so she told me to put my elbow on my head.  I did, so she found me, and that was fun.  My youth group kids were there, too, after the concert.  That was stranger.  I then woke up and took a shower, and this song was on repeat in my head:  "In my dream, I was drowning my sorrows But my sorrows they'd learned to swim Surrounding me, going down on me Spilling over the brim Waves of regret and waves of joy. I reached out for the one I tried to destroy. You, you said you'd wait till the end of the world."  --  Until the End of the World  - U2  I haven't had a good night's worth of sleep all weekend.  I go to bed hoping that I'd feel better, only to wake 6-8 hours later feeling like I had stayed up all night.  My limbs have no energy to move, my heart beats too fast.  Darnit, this stinks.  I have homework due today and a test next week, and other classes to catch up in.  I think I have to drop some courses.  Everything's been too difficult for me to handle:  re-adjusting to school life and to life at home church, this weekend's events, the demanding workload.  God, this is harder than ever.  What's the thing I'm supposed to do?  I can sense now what You want me to do, but it's too hard for me to sense it reliably with all these emotions running amuck inside.  All along, this pain has resurfaced in my chest.   Heh, it never takes a break long enough for me to recuperate... but I just have to get on with it, or else I'll sink deeper.