         Okay. It looks a little milk toast around here, but we'll all get used to it. Right? Sorry about that. Here's a list of the changes... bulleted in Stacey's honor. Because I lurrrrrvs my   Stacey . And she's just having a rough week. Go give her some luvin.    First off, and most obvious, no pictures. I've explained all that already. Wrists slapped. I haven't had time to go through the archives and disconnect all of the links. I will. Don't worry. Because I've done wrong. Didn't know it at the time. Would have if I'd thought about it for five blinking minutes. But I didn't. Not really. So I'll get that done. Soon. Before the AF police come and take me away, I hope.     My links to other blogs and important sites are now at the bottom of the blog. Please don't forget to scroll down when you are finished reading the newest post and visit those blogs and sites. Because they are good people and good sites. And I'm not smart enough to figure out how to skinny down these posts and get them up here on the sidelines where they are visible and where you'll see them and remember to click on them easily and frequently.     The names of the incredible survivors and the people who I'm running in honor of are now also at the bottom of the page. Please remember to scroll down and have a look at them, too. Because they are what keep me going. Every day. Okay, not for the past week, but I'm resting my all-important Achilles. Mark says I'm in big trouble if I lose them. So I'm listening to him. So scroll, people! Scroll!    My progress chart (remember that?) of the rubber ducks and all is now at the bottom of the page. I think you know the routine by now... I'm going to need just as much cheering on the return 500 miles as I needed on the out-going 500. I hope you'll all be here to do that.     Hey! It's Thursday! Time for a stupid question! I think I'll toss one in right now...  From the book  If... Questions for the Game of Life      If you could have directed any film in history, what movie would it be?      The archives are now at the bottom of the blog. Same routine, different day.     The button for donating to my Relay for Life efforts has moved from on the right side of the blog to the top left. There is still plenty of time to make a donation! ALL proceeds go to the American Cancer Society. Let's help beat the cancer bastard right into the ground.     I'm still looking for more names to add to my inspiration lists. Bring 'em on. Those names are going on my T-shirt for the Relay, too. I can't wait! I'm going to be taking photos. But now I won't be able to put them on my blog. Maybe I can get one of my blogging friends who actually pays for their own site to put the photos up... :) cheap cheap... LOL!!!    Was there anything else on the old blog that I'm forgetting about? I can't think of anything right off the top. Oh yeah. I remember. That great Relay for Life logo is missing. So just pretend I still have it. It's now at the top of the blog - top right of the page. Right up there next to the blogger ad stuff. There is a nice blank square just screaming for it.   Okay. Have a great night all. I have more blog fixes to make. Mistakes to correct. Major oops. And a letter to get out to some fabbo people who pledged some money per mile to let them know I made it!!! Whooo hooo! Big-hearted people are the bestest... I know a lot of them... Thanks ya'll.