          Today I ran with Ferris Bueller. Bueller? Bueller? Anyone? Anyone? And Matthew Broderick only gets better looking with age.   And do you see the rubber duck at the top of the page? That rubber duck is a 10 percent indicator... Everytime I hit a 50-mile marker, I get a rubber duck... well I hit one yesterday so I'm 10% of the way there. This was devised by the originator of the 500-mile club,   Marn .   It was a busy day! I had to get up and get going with that run because then it was off to the folks' house for an extended family meeting about Christmas Eve. Our family CE is getting smaller. Looks like it will only be 40 this year, but we'll still need to rent the local shooting range to hold it in, and Santa will still pay us a visit. The meeting ran three hours long and then I stayed to copy my notes for Mom and give a hand with some lights outside and chat with the folks a few minutes before heading back to the high school to pick up Kel. We came straight home to work on some of the Christmas decorating and a couple of other projects I have in the fire.   I've gotta say my favorite task of the day right now is picking up the mail. There is nothing like opening that box and finding another of the self-addressed stamped envelopes I sent out returning like a homing pigeon with a pledge or donation from one of my lovely friends or family members. I don't know how I will ever thank you. I guess by jumping on Lurch every day that I can and continuing this journey of 500 miles!   Yes, I did name the damn treadmill. Without any help from any of you. Perhaps you missed the request (See  For Becky  11/24) - I'll give you the benefit of the doubt. Anyway, the treadmill is hereby dubbed Lurch, for a couple of reasons... One of the reasons is because some days, that's what I tend to do when I climb aboard - I lurch along. It's all I can do, but I just gotta do what I can. Another is that you may remember Lurch from the original Addams Family TV series? Remember that sound he made in his throat when he was somewhat disgusted with Gomez or some other family member? That's how I sound when I'm about to climb aboard. When I jump back off nearly an hour later, I've got a spring in my step and a cheerful trill in my voice (yeah, right) and sound nothing like Lurch, but before...  So I just thought Lurch was fitting.  Speaking of Becky, you may have caught Marge's meaning in her comments to me yesterday. They are still waiting on Beck's biopsy results. Poor girl found out Monday that the second set were "too close" to call and had been sent on to a second lab for their opinion and she now has to wait for another week or two. Keep those fingers and toes crossed please.  So today for my darlin' Southern Belle Judikins...  Today's miles: 3.5 Total so far: 55.5 Still to go for goal: 444.5  Tomorrow I run for Kimberly. She's another of Keli's friend's moms. It is so hard to see these young teen girls with moms going through hard-core breast cancer treatment and fighting for their lives. Kimberly fought hard during the summer of 2002 and has been cancer free for a year now. And WOW did she get a curly head of hair after that chemo! Her husband joked with me that it was an expensive way to get a perm!