          Happy New Year to everyone and special Birthday greetings... First to Keith's mom, Alta, who is 29 years young and to our own Devil Dog, Hound of Hell, our little Bear, who turns 9 today.  Who sat up doing sit-ups through the midnight hour last night? Hutch? Was it you? ;) Not me. I was sitting by the fire with Keith. We were trying to get   URU  working on the old laptop. It didn't work. I was sad. I had been looking forward to it ever since  I  Santa  bought  gave it to us for Christmas.  I thought that would be how we would close out 2003, he and I... playing the new game of Myst... We've spent many hours together, huddled in front of the computer screen playing for hours the other games from the series.   But alas, this game is too new, too intensive for the "old" (four years) laptop. Then as I was reading through the instruction booklet, in order to go online and play at the URU live site, you have to have Broadband. Guess we'll be out of luck there, too, even if I do install it on a newer computer (Keith offered up his new work laptop). But we can still use the new laptop to play the box version. We'll do that one of these nights. It's a fun thing, to be lost in these other worlds for hours. We would "come to" around two or three am having discovered we had been playing for hours and had no idea it had been so long. I thought it would be so perfect for New Years Eve.   Keli spent her NYE at her best friend Annie's house. They watched movies and she was working (crochet) on her new scarf. She called for some instructions throughout the night. Wonder how far she got on it. Now it's nearly three in the afternoon and I haven't heard a thing from her. G-ma and G-pa have called to say they want to stop out for a while so I guess I'll have to call her to get her back here so they can come and ooh and aah over her Christmas presents.   In the meantime, here are my run stats for today. I got my stride length for my new pedometer so it will be easier to track my miles when I'm not on the treadmill (you know, next  summer  when the snow melts)...  The miles: 3.25 Total so far: 116.14 Still to go for goal: 383.86