          As you can see, unless things have changed that is, there is currently no place for you to leave comments and no place to go read what has been written by anyone.   That sucks. Truly.   At the bottom of the page you will see a box (until I change it) which says "Comments Powered by Blogspeak". If you clicked on that box earlier yesterday, it gave the message  "Comments are down but they should be up later this evening."   I was torked about this news, but hey, they are free. Everything about this site, other than our internet connection and my time, is free at the moment, so who am I to complain?  This evening, when I click on that box, the message that I get is this:   "BlogSpeak is currently down because the bastards that host it decided to suspend my account. I do not know as of yet when this situation will be resolved. If you don't want any JavaScript errors on your pages, take the code off for the time being. Thanks for your patience."   For the time being (and because it is very late and I would like to go to bed soon), I am going to leave things as they are because I am hopeful that he will get things together and all will work out for the best. I have a big day with a trip to Hutch's place tomorrow for lunch and visiting (hurrah!) and I won't have time to work on this site, either. With luck, by the time I get back, comments will be working and I won't have to do  anything!   So if you've been wondering what is going on, there is your answer. Thank you for your visits and keep on visiting because I know that you are stopping even if you don't get to comment. That little rainbow colored box at the bottom tells me you are visiting and checking up on me. I don't know all of the time WHO you are, but I know how many of you are stopping by. And it means a lot to me. It keeps my butt moving and my feet on the treadmill.   See you soon. Very soon. Only hours from now. Like six or seven. When I have to drag my sorry butt out of bed (yikes, that's only five from now) to get Keli off to school. Then I have to stay up to get the run done before I go off to see Hutch (I'm so excited!!!).