         Hola! Hope everyone is having a good Thursday. I'm starting the day early because Mum and I are heading West to the cities for a yarn shopping experience. She's in the knitting mood and I'm in search of baby yarn for a baby blanket. I have a cousin having a wee-one and there is a shower coming up. Of course, now that mom is doing some knitting, she has decided to do the baby blanket thing and took my job away from me, but I might just have to double the job and make one as well... We'll see. I don't have much time as the shower is at the end of the month. Of course, I haven't seen an invitation, either, so... perhaps I shouldn't worry about it, eh? :) Just kidding.  Anyway, here are the stats for today as I finished watching    Titanic  .    Today's miles:  3.76  Total so far:  280.54  Still to go for goal:  219.46  Man that last hour is a painful one. Although I did manage to watch nearly the whole thing without sobbing this time. Third time's the charm I guess. First time I saw it was in the theater and I cried a bit but watched it mostly in shock. Second time I saw it I cried pretty much from beginning to end. This time I just cried a bit here and there. Could have been that I was chugging along on the treadmill. Who knows?  Okay, it's Thursday, so it sounds like a good day for that question from the book again... I told you this week's would be a little more thought provoking than vegetables, but don't let that stop you from answering. I had great response last week and would love to see that continue this week. Here goes (I admit this one is a little out there, but interesting):  If you had to be someone's body part, what would you be, and on whose body?  I thought this was a near impossible question. I asked it of a guy whose blog I read when I was sending out interview games for people and I thought his answer was really interesting (I don't think he reads here, but if he does, HI DEW!) Anyway, he said he would choose Lee Harvey Oswald's eyes because then he could have seen what really happened the day Kennedy was shot. Wasn't that a cool answer? I thought it was great. But then I thought about the fact that he also soon after saw Jack Ruby coming after him, too. That was a little unfortunate.   Now I have to go shower (pee u) and head to the cities and think about my own answer because I've never come up with a satisfactory one myself... Somebody else will have to kick the comments off today. Hope you have fun with this one and it generates conversation!   Have a great Thursday and I'll see you later! Thanks for being my cheerleaders gang! I lurrrrvs you all!   I've made a few changes around here to try and make things a little more readable with or without the bifocals... Hope it helps. Let me know what you think.   Totally looking forward to seeing the new S&H movie which came out today. It's getting a lot of hype for Owen and Ben. I'm excited to get together with Hutch and see it. In the meantime, here's a great picture of the originals, which really can't be replaced, no matter how they try...