          The weather and OUCH!!!   It's a lovely day here in God's country. We woke up to a normal chilly Saturday in March but just as we were getting ready to head out the door to run Kel to play practice we heard the distinct sounds of ice hitting the windows. Looking out on the steps of the patio, we could see the stuff falling and bouncing off the paving stones. Ish. It was a fun drive. We had a lot of stops to make in town... high school, post office, grocery store, bank, Perkins for a vegie omelette :) and the roads weren't horrible, but the ice did pile up to about three quarter inch on the roads in some places before it stopped falling.  The run will be painful today I believe. There wasn't time for one yesterday and frankly, my leg injury was too new...   Yep. Leg injury. Unfortunately I didn't get it in some cool way like skiing down the slopes or out running around on the snow shoes or ice skating or climbing a mountain or snow boarding...   I wish I  could  report something like that.   No. I incurred my injury of all things...   Vacuuming.   Yep.   And I thought I was in shape.   I squatted down to vacuum beneath the desk and was lifting up a basket full of paperwork to vacuum beneath it and the squat was just too much I guess. Because when I stood back up, I knew something was wrong with the back of my knee that hadn't been wrong with it before. It had been bent too much or something. So I hobbled around the rest of the day finishing things up and running around. I noticed it the most while driving because it is my right knee and I use it driving all of the time - depressing the gas and the brake and moving the foot back and forth between the two.  I wondered how it would feel today when I got out of bed...   Not bad. But driving was a little painful again. And after driving when I got home and sat down to do some writing and was paying attention and moving my legs around a little I noticed something... the pain wasn't just in the knee anymore. It was radiating down the outside of the calf toward the ankle...  So the run will be interesting.   I've decided that since I'm still pretty full from my garden omelette, I'm going to go have a soak in the hottub first. Loosen up the leg for a while. Then I'll cool off for a little bit, drink a little water to rehydrate, and head to the tread. We'll see. It might be a short run. Afterwards, I'll soak it again. Maybe some epsom salts... then I'll report back here with the mileage.   Wish me luck. Oh silent ones. :) I know you're reading. I'm checking my stats. But darn it, get busy commenting! I misses your words of wisdom! I feel like I'm talking to myself here (with a couple of exceptions of course! thanks!!!)...   Listening to: My new Meet Joe Black soundtrack... I lurrrrrrrvs this music!!!