         Time just flies by, doesn't it? I can't believe how quickly the weeks are slipping past. In just a short time, my little girl is going to be 16 years old! That one boggles my mind...    Today's miles:  3.55  Total so far:  317.5  Still to go for goal:  182.5  Marge, have you recovered from the crabby old guy giving us the business at the bakery during our Friday morning writing session? He outta be a character in our next writing practice... It might be cathartic. Speaking of that, where are we going to write this Friday now that he's spoiled my mood for your bakery at least for this week?  I've got tennis elbow or something going on in my left elbow. I'd blame it on writing if I was a lefty. I can't figure out what's going on. It isn't from vacuuming because I push the thing with my right arm. I'll have to ponder this one for a while. I must be getting old and have arthritis or something setting into my bones. "Tough gettin' old, eh Ker?" That's what my pops used to say when I started complaining about things. :) Now I can just say, "It sure is." My left pinky is bugging me too now that I think about it. What a baby I'm becoming. Waaahhh! I guess that's what happens when the migraines are managed... I start to notice all the other aches and pains that weren't so evident before.   I found a new favorite pen at the store the other day. Favorite for having black ink, that is. I'm a pen snob you see. And I prefer blue ink. When I do my writing it is in longhand. Except when I do the Nanowrimo thing in November. That I have to do on a keyboard because there was no way I could do a 50,000 word novel longhand in a month. Anyway, this new pen is divine and I have to find it in blue ink now because it is so fabulous. Any other pen snobs out there who want to know the details, leave me a comment and I'll go on some more about it. Marge, it was the one I showed you on Friday.   Okay, I guess that's all I'll ramble for now. You've seen the mileage, that's the important thing for today. Have a good night and before you drift off to sleep, send some good vibes off to Bobby for his platelet counts. He's off to Childrens Hospital tomorrow for tests. Thanks.   Hope your migraine is completely gone tonight Robert.