         The Relay Committee has announced the theme for the Relay for Life in June. This is where things start to get really fun. Now we get to take the theme and start to figure out how to decorate our campsite, whether we'll be dressing up at all for the team parade, how our "Lady" will be dressed for the  Dude Looks Like a Lady  competition, etc. All of this gets planned with the theme in mind.   The craftier of the crew (Alta and anyone else with abilities - not me...) will set to work with sewing machine, hot glue gun, paints and her incredible mind and she'll really come up with something awesome while we shout out ideas at her if we actually think of any. And we'll buy stuff. Usually at   Oriental Trading Company  because they have tons of stuff that fit the theme and because you can often find reasonable prices. And yes, we always buy way too much. So if anybody wants a good deal on Mardi Gras beads and masks, you know where to come (that was last year's theme).   So, it should be a good time. I'm looking forward to it. I sent out an e-mail to everyone on the team with e-mail capabilities. That's all but one on the team. I'll ask my mom  (hey Mom, are you getting this???)  to call her tomorrow and let her know verbally... So by tomorrow, the whole team will know the theme.   You're all biting your nails aren't you? You're dying to know.   Okay. I'll tell you.   I won't keep you in suspense any longer.   Here it is.   The theme.  Are you ready for this?     Staying Alive    Is that not the greatest? What better message for those cancer survivors walking around that track... Well, I could think of a few songs with better lyrics to walk around during their surivor lap...       Well, you can tell by the way I use my walk,  I'm a woman's man: no time to talk.   Music loud and women warm, I've been kicked around  since I was born.   And now it's all right.  It's OK.   And you may look the other way.   We can try to understand  the New York Times' effect on man.  Whether you're a brother or whether you're a mother,  you're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.   Feel the city breakin' and everybody shakin',  and we're stayin' alive, stayin' alive.   Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive, stayin' alive. Ah, ha, ha, ha, stayin' alive.    But maybe they'll be walking to something else...  Okay. I'm going to bed. I'm tired after the six mile walk and all the running around today.   First though - happy anniversary to my Kel and Keith for five beautiful years... Or happy 5th birthday to Keli as we like to say also. She's just a baby! :o) It's been much longer than that really. Keith's actually been her dad since just before she turned three because that's when he became the most important man in our life, but it became legally documented five years ago today.