         Sitting here in the office to write this out I'm just amazed listening to the wind in the trees. Unfortunately it isn't a nice warm southerly wind, either. Keith and I had some errands to run in town this morning and with the sunshine and blue skies, I assumed it was a decent enough morning out there to wear jeans and a t-shirt, light jacket and a pair of sandals. It would have been had we drove everywhere, but we parked the car by the market and walked to the coffee shop when we'd finished our shopping. At least we didn't have to walk to the post office and bank, too. We used the car for those stops.   We were literally blown from the coffee shop back to our car and really had to fight the wind on the way up to it. Once we got there, we listened to a grandpa complaining about how the wind was going right through his fleece jacket and that he didn't want to go back out in it and then he and his little grandson waited there for someone to pick them up while we had our drinks.   Here are the miles I ran for Marge's friend Mary! (and for Marge...)   Today's miles:  5.0  Total so far:  391.96  Still to go for goal:  108.04   I'm so ready to be under 100 miles. I may need to head to the school a couple of nights with mom this week after Kel leaves for Japan so I can get extra miles in at the top of the month. We're gettin' down to the wire!  Keli was off to the MOA today with a friend who had a school project to do there. They spent about six hours there. Sounds like it was fun. She came home with a few trinkets that she likes. She's back now and anxious to check the blogs of her friends. Keith is out walking to the mailbox in the blustery wind. Bear is outside barking pathetically because he wanted to go along. And because he is hungry since he thinks it is dinner time. He'll be happy for the start of daylight savings time as he still hasn't become accustomed to the time change from last fall.   I want to go see the movie  Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind . Sounds wonderful. Sometime soon maybe.   I need a shower. Guess it is time.