         Well, kiddo has been on the plane for about five hours so far. I just took a look on the airline's website to see what the plane layout is. There are twelve seats upstairs and a galley and a private bathroom for the twelve people sitting up there. Nice. I don't suppose they are suffering much. They have another eight hours or so to go. Rough journey, eh?   Don't worry. I'm not going to give updates every few hours. In fact, this is going to be my second to last post of the evening. I'm going to go do some more putzing perhaps. Yes indeed, Mark! We runners putz all the time! Not only around the house, though. I'm a putz pretty much every where I go. Ask my brother. He'll agree whole heartedly. yuck yuck.   Okay. Enough. Good thing I've got a massage tomorrow. I needs it my precious.   Watching those miles wind down? I've got two things going through my mind.   1) What will I do for that last mile? I'm picturing friends and family gathered up at the track where the Relay will take place with some streamers stretched across it - me running down the track breaking through at the end (in slow motion)... Music playing, can't you hear it??? I'm hearing Chariots of Fire... (hehehe... good grief what a melodramatic sap I can be) What do  you  see?   and   2) What will become of this blog when the 500 has been reached?   I said I was giving myself until June 1 to reach my goal, so do I keep on running to see how far I get until June 1? Some of my pledgers?/donors? said they were pledging a certain amount per mile up to the 500 and a few of them said that they would give me over and above if I went over and above by June 1. Well, I made a personal goal for fitness of running a thousand miles this year, so I'm obviously going to keep running, I guess I can keep the blog going and keep reporting on my progress so those who've pledged in that manner can keep track of me. Also, the Relay doesn't take place until mid-June, anyone who might come on board reading the blog later, may want to make a donation to a great/fantastic/fabulous/important cause at some point after I reach 500 but before the Relay and would still be able to do that if I keep blogging until then.   Hello, my name is Keri and I'm a blog addict.   The first step is admitting you have a problem. Time for that shower. I'm making some ramen and going to go soak in a tub after that shower. Mmmmmmm ramen. Mmmmmmmm soaking in hot epsom salt water. With ramen. And candles. And the music from Chariots of Fire. Okay, maybe not. I bet I can find something better than that. Later kids.   Thanks for your support. And comments. Notice I'm not asking for more. Because that always bites me in the butt. Which I no longer have because  I ran it off tonight!  Woooohoooo!