           Why do I wait so long?    Had a call from Kel a couple of hours ago...  from the plane!     Kel:  Hi.   Me:  Hi! Where are you?  Kel:  On the plane.  Me:  Oh. Are you  comfortable?   Kel:  You  knew?   Me:  Yeah.  Kel:  I hate you.  Me:  Well, I didn't actually find out about it until after I left you at the airport yesterday. Is it cool?   Kel:  We had to come up a staircase to get to our seats!  Me:  I hope they are taking lots of pictures.  Kel:  They are. They took pictures of us coming up here.  Me:  Were your jaws hanging on the ground?  Kel:  Yeah, pretty much.   She sounded uber excited. I could hear the other three chatting and Nat giggling in the background. God this is going to be an awesome trip for them. What an experience.   Good news in the old hometown this past week. An old school chum of mine is home from Iraq. Glad to see it. Welcome home, Chris. Haven't seen him since my ex graduated from high school or before, but I've thought about him plenty during this war when I'd heard he was over there. Spoke with the ex on the phone for a while the other night (that was a trip after about 10 years or so of non-conversation) and told him about Chris's return and did some reminiscing about their high school wrestling days.   After my late night last night I need a jump start to get moving this afternoon... maybe I should make a little coffee - medicine of our pal   David Bailey ???       Java Junkie  David M. Bailey 2002  I like a caramel cappuccino with a double shot of jo And a white chocolate mocha, you can make that one to go See, I'm a coffee connoisseur, a Dali lama of latte  A genuine java junkie every hour of the day   Columbia and Kenya, Ethiopia, Peru  They all make a fine roast, the French do too  Cubans drink it sweet, the Turkish drink it strong  Me, I just drink it,  All. Day. Long.   Most drink it for breakfast, some after they dine  Guess they just don't know you can drink it anytime  Pre-brunch, post-lunch, afternoon tea  Perfect coffee breaks if you're asking me  I like to brew a pot before the lights go out  Some say it keeps me up, I say it helps, no doubt   Now, some of you are thinking it's gonna make me sick  That I should switch to decaf as though that would do the trick  But I've learned a thing or two in my 30-something years,  Life is short so stay awake before it disappears  And if that means that I should drink an extra cup of Joe  Well sign me up, fill my cup, let it overflow   It's more than just a beverage; it's better than a drug  It's like an old best friend who greets you with a hug    Okay, headed off to  lurch  run my butt off on Lurch...   I've been putzing around here and hoping that the beautiful sunshine would bring the temps up enough to make me want to run outside, but it never did.   Back in a bit to post my results.