           Furry Critters    Today I'm putting in the miles for Dana at   Think Pink.  She's a survivor with a great story and she's all about cancer awareness and, more important,  life awareness  after cancer.  SURVIVAL!  Go pay her blog a visit and tell her I said hello!   While I was sitting here visiting blog sites and catching up on MSN with Keli and doing other various things online this morning, I saw a little furry critter moving down my driveway. My mind buzzed through a few billion bytes of data thinking about the various critters we've had in our forest during the past several years since we built the house... racoon? possum? fox? woodchuck? ... as I moved my chair around into position so I could look out the window to see what it really was.   BEAR!   No, not that kind of bear.  My dog, Bear. Slowly sniffing his way down the driveway in a relaxed, "Oh yeah, I'm free and I've been this way for hours" kind of way.   I jumped out of the chair and ran for the front door. I ran out onto the front step and said, "Hey Bear! Do you want a marshmallow?"  These are his very favorite treat. He sprang into action and ran pell-mell toward me and into the house, straight to the kitchen and the cabinet where the marshmallows are kept. I gave him one and said, "Wow. I guess the holes you have been digging in your dog run have gotten really deep, eh?" thinking he must have escaped by digging under the fence, to which we added an eight or ten inch wire fence down into the ground to prevent this type of thing from happening! He looked up at me happily, hoping for more treats and I told him to stay.  I went out into the mudroom, shutting the door behind me, slipping on a pair of sandals. I headed into the garage and then to the dog run... the holes looked about the same, certainly no deeper and they didn't appear to be deep enough to go under the fence. I glanced to the far end of the run and the gate at that end was standing wide open.   Again.   This happened once in the middle of winter.   I think my dog has developed opposable thumbs and the ability to stretch four feet in the air so that he can reach up and unlatch the gate. Or someone is coming in the night and opening it to let him out. Someone who doesn't like it when he barks all night perhaps?   It's beginning to freak me out.   Hey Kent, could it be your flag culprit? My brother has a bandit who stole his American flag off the side of his house some weeks back. Today someone stuck a tiny little flag on a stick in its place. Are they out to get us?   And now, the dog who kept me awake much of the night is lying here on his side sleeping so hard that he's snoring. And has been for over an hour. Spawn of Satan.