           Yes Virginia, there IS such a thing as too much fresh air.    Especially for a girl with allergies. Well, maybe not too much fresh air, but too much dust, mold, leaf bits, grass bits...  something  got kicked up yesterday during my time with Hutch. We spent a few hours yesterday at a park having a picnic and chatting in the sunshine. The entire time we were there, a very industrious woman rode around on a lawn tractor mulching up leaves and cleaning up the park. When she was finished it looked fantastic but the entire time, there were little bits of leaf and dust swirling through the air on the wind blowing right at us and we were breathing it in the whole time.   By the time I got home last night, after the rest of my day's tasks, which included picking up frozen food at the high school that Kel sold during a band fund-raiser, delivering that to the people who had purchased it, stopping last at my folks' house with their food and asking mom if she wanted to put on some miles with me as I hadn't done my run yet. She did, so we set out together and did the four plus miles. There was a little MORE fresh air and pollen my body didn't need. I probably should have gone home and run on Lurch instead. Afterward, we had a little bite to eat there before I went home and collapsed into bed. I had a project with a pen and some paper to work on then (if you're wondering Hutch, it involves sitting on the dock at the cabin - remember our cabin? - peeling the skin off my mom's back after a sunburn... and a turtle who's been run over by a car... I digress) but couldn't give it much concentration as my head was beginning to pound.  The pounding raged all through the night. My dog didn't help much. He refused to come in and go to bed, so I left him out there, but then he barked incessently throughout the night. I would go get him thinking he wanted to come in, which he would, just long enough for me to fall asleep, and then he'd insist on going back out again. I don't know what his problem was. I guess his wolf ancestry or something was kicking up. He goes through a night or week of this every spring. Devil Dog - hound of hell. I've taken my claritin now. I'm hoping it helps. Soon. My eyes hurt - sure sign that the sinuses are hurting...   WOW! The pileated woodpecker is right here at my window! I love to see this bird - so prehistoric looking. But I hate seeing it on a tree so close. Hope he isn't trying to tell me this tree is dead. Good. He didn't stay or even peck at the tree at all. He moved on to another tree. But he came flying right at the house before he did. I was afraid he'd hit a window before he did. What a mythical looking creature!   Our crocuses are blooming after the warm temps this week. We're supposed to have 70 today. And with the pounding in my head I won't feel much like running. A nice walk perhaps to get the miles, though. Hope you all have a great Wednesday.