           Because it shouldn't be hidden in the comments... (Keith's Story)    Here's a conversation that happened 3 years ago today:   It was a Friday the 13th at exactly 2:34pm. The phone rang. I ran from the shower to the phone in the kitchen.   The voice on the phone said, "Is this Mr. K_ K_ ?"  I was annoyed. I figured it was a telemarketer who had just gotten me out of the shower. Ready to hang up, I answered, "Yes."   "This is Dr. S_ from Dr. O_'s office - the neurology clinic."  Hmm. I wasn't expecting a call from them. I wondered what was up.    Dr. S_ :   "I have been trying to reach you on your cell phone and work phone."  Me:  "I had the day off."   Dr. S_ :  "Your neurologist, Dr. O_ is on vacation today. But, I thought I had better not wait until he got back. I thought I had better call you today."  Me:  "Oh, okay, thanks."  Dr. S_:  "You just had an MRI of your head, right?"  Me:  "Yep."  Dr. S_:  "I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but the MRI of your brain was abnormal."  Me:  "Oh"  Dr. S_:  "We see something that appears to be a lesion of some sort. Could be an old injury. But, could be a brain tumor."  Me:  "Oh"  Dr. S_:  "We need to get a better look with a more detailed MRI and with dye. I've already set up the appointment for the MRI. It's 10:00 Monday morning. Do whatever you need to be there."  Me:  "Okay."  Dr. S_:  "If this is a tumor, we should be able to get it."  Me:  "That's good."  Dr. S_:  "In that location it is very likely causing seizures. Tell me your pharmacy name. I want to call in a prescription for an anti-epilepsy medication. I want you to start taking them right away."   Me:  "Okay."  Dr. S_:  "On the good side, it looks like we found the cause of your symptoms."  Me:  "Yep."  Dr. S_:  "We'll call you in the middle of next week with the results of Monday's MRI. Please make sure you get to that."  Me:  "Okay."  Keri and I had been raking leaves all day. I walked out on the front step where Keri was still raking leaves. I called to her. She put down her rake and came to me. I began to cry. I could barely tell her. "The doctor called. They say I might have a brain tumor." We held each other and cried.   Later, we spent more time silently raking together. That memory of raking together, lost in deep thought and deep hoping is so vivid. We knew that life was maybe about to change. I wondered if I would ever see another Spring.   That was 3 years ago today. What an amazing 3 years. What a roller coaster ride. The surgery, the recovery, the doubts, the medical foibles and medical heroes. I don't think we'll ever be quite the same.   And, it lingers on. It wasn't until just a couple of weeks ago that we got the final word on the pathology. They said that it was extremely hard to classify, but they thought it most likely a "Grade 2 Astrocytoma" - fairly wimpy on the malignancy scale. My current doctor said my situation lacks enough studies to have final answers on how best to treat this. He said that the lack of research leads to doctors having to base treatment more on gut feel than on scientific evidence. I'm glad we have the gut feel of such an incredibly good doctor working in our favor. He said that some doctors would recommend brain radiation now. But, he recommends that we save this "in our toolkit" to be used in case of a recurrence - since the brain can only be radiated once in a lifetime. And, he said that in my case he gives it about an 80% chance that I would permanently lose all ability to turn short term memory into long term memory, if I have the radiation.   3 years later, I have 15-20% less brains. But, aside from the continuing episodes that the doctors say is mild epilepsy, I'm doing really well 3 years later, all considered. Driving is a problem. But, I can work. And, I can be with my family. I can remember my family and recognize them. I have my hearing so I can hear the wind and the birds in our forest. I can think enough to help my daughter with her math homework. I have my sight so I can see a sunset, and maybe better understand the value of sharing it, sitting next to my wife.   I remember a doctor telling me after the diagnosis that I was really fortunate that this was happening to me then, and not 10 years earlier. He said that technology had advanced tremendously in that 10 years, giving me a much better chance.   So, things are progressing in the area of cancer and brain tumor treatments.   I know everyone has a story. This is my story for this day. And, I guess all I can say is "Thanks for supporting efforts to continue the progress." And, "Thank you, my wife, for this run."   And, thank you, thank you, thank you for all the support, prayers and well-wishes from family and friends.