         Have you ever left anything in a public restroom intentionally or unintentionally that would have been thought unusual had it been found or didn't belong there?    (I know, this is worded weird. I could have said, did you ever forget anything or lose anything but sometimes you leave things there on purpose! This way I'm hitting both sides of the coin).   My answers:  1) Many moons ago, before I even met Keith, I went to a company Christmas party just for the division I was in - a pretty nice ritzy affair. I went out and bought a fancy black velvet dress, stockings, pumps, purse - the whole nine yards. I had a sitter for Kel for the night, a hot date also in the division, and I "borrowed" a ring from Mom, only she didn't know it because she was off on a fancy trip with a bunch of friends and couldn't be reached. It was a little gold ring with three little diamonds in it. She had it for a pinky ring, but it was a little too big for that for me. However, it was too small for me to wear on my ring finger, so I also had to wear it on my pinky.   During the course of the evening, eating hors d'oeuvres and drinking the bottles of wine that were just sitting around on all of the tables and dancing every dance, requesting all my favorite songs like  Unchained Melody  by The Righteous Brothers (most romantic song of all time - don't argue), I may have gotten a little tipsy. At one point, I wandered into the ladies room, did what all ladies do after drinking beverages, and then I washed my hands, dried them and threw the paper towel into the trash can. It wasn't until halfway through the next day at work that I realized I no longer had my mom's ring. So I called the hotel where we'd had the party, told them my dilemma and they alerted the housekeeping staff, who was at that moment, cleaning the ladies room.   The delightful young woman cleaning the ladies room had not yet emptied the large trash can, and she took out each towel, uncrumpled it, and searched for the ring, working her way through it until she found it. Wasn't that lucky?    Upon further remembrance...  Phew! What a stressful day that was! I've been thinking about the drive over to the hotel during my lunch break with my date to see if they had found it because I didn't know yet and how totally freaked out I was...  (mom is gonna shoot me... mom is gonna shoot me...)  and then the total relief that she had not only been kind enough to look through the trash for it but that she had found it and was honest enough to turn it in.  (WOW! Mom doesn't ever have to know that I lost it or even that I wore it in the  FIRST  place! Yippee!!!) ...    pssst, dad - she hasn't been reading much lately... she doesn't have to know a thing about this little story, right?   RIGHT???  heh heh heh... just our little secret...    I'll tell my other story later. I do have another. Yepper. First I wanna hear yours, though.   I'm waiting!