           On the road again...    I've said this before but running outside is nothing like running on a treadmill. There are the obvious things to deal with like the hills and the rocks, the traffic, the people and the bugs, the weather and the pounding on the very hard pavement. But the things I've missed out on doing all those miles on Lurch too!    The anticipation the first couple of miles going today's route, wondering if I'll maybe get a glimpse of Sam Shepard out working on the fence or checking on his cattle at his writing studio, or maybe just driving away in his pickup truck (no, I'm not a scary stalker fan, I've never asked for an autograph or honked or go out of my way to drive by or anything, just enjoy the occasional accidental glimpse)...     The happy surprise realizing the family with the scary old malamute have moved out of the old farmhouse so I won't be chased by THAT old dog anymore...     The sound of the water rushing in the Kinni at this time of the year and the splash of the occassional trout when I stop on the bridge to stretch...     The croaking of the frogs in the swampy area at the second bridge where the creek runoff is particularly high...    The honking of the pair of geese that are scared off when I run over the third bridge...     Stretching my legs and really being able to  run!  You just can't do that on a treadmill without preplanning and getting the speed just right and everything coordinated just so...    The weather! (yes, I know I mentioned that as a negative, also - you understand, I'm a Wisconsinite and I've been stuck in winter for  months!  It's 85 degrees and SUNNY here today... gorgeous!)...     There is this jingling sound just past the farmhouse where the crabby old dog used to live on the opposite side of the road on a windy day... It sounds like the most beautiful windchimes you can imagine. I believe it is an old barbed wire fence that is now cut apart and rolled up and just hanging there blowing around in the wind. It sounds magical.    The birds!...    I still have to go  how far  to get back home???    Thanks for my new running shoes mom and dad! They are really comfortable. I probably should have broken them in a little slower than taking them straight out and pounding the pavement for 5 miles, but the road was calling me today. It was fun!    Calling all fellow runners (are there some of you lurking?)...  What do you do to break in new running shoes? Especially shoes that are a totally different brand and type than you have ever worn before?  Today's miles: 5.2 Total so far: 489.06 Still to go for goal: 10.94  Going to get the kid from school now. Guess that means I'm finished with the computer for the day. Or until around 11 pm at least.