1/31/04   Fairly Short Day....lazy sorta Saturday,. Really good seminar @ church though   Not much to say today. Basically I woke up, played piano, played PS2, then left for church for the seminar tonight. It was a good seminar though. But just before I get to that I'm gonna start from the morning...  I WAS going to wake up at 9 and practice piano for 2 hours to cram in some time so my teacher wouldn't kill me, but I decided to hit the snooze button and wake up at 10. Smart=P. Well anyways I ended up playing for an hour and 5 minutes, then ate some pizza *nutritious breakfast eh?,* Jason then called me and I told him to come over at 1, and then headed for piano lessons.  It was pretty bad for scales, but songs didn't sound bad. I HATE technique. Waste of precious piano playing time. Well after doing all that stuff I'm now officially realizing I need to spend more time playing my piano and less time doing other things. Ugh I really need a more organized life. Well that is something I do try to pray for. I honestly don't know though what I'd do without God. I mean after a stressful day it just feels so relaxing to read the Bible and do daily devotions. But yeah anyways after piano I got home....  And Jason beat me to my own house. Ouch. Well anyways he was on my comp, looking up stuff on the net, and we'd eventually be doing this for about 20 minutes or so before my dad finally finished watching the TV. Then came a bit of Silent Hill 3 *had to beat this one part before I forgot* then we went to play NFL street. Fun. LOTS of fun. When you're a runningback that can stiff arm, break tackle, juke, spin and then do a 360 hurdle all in one combo...........you get hit and fumble the ball. Yeah that happened a few times. We had some fun with that game though. Made my team better...My QB is actually not anerexic anymore. But anyways after that we then went to church, where we listened to Pastor Daniel Tjoe-Long *spelling of last name?* from OCAC talking about "The End-Time Christian."  It really was a good seminar though. Really brought up a lot. One main thing he kept on emphasizing is how we have to always be ready. I mean I've always known that but he really brought it up front.....VERY effectively. Some parts of the speech I didn't like though, like the part about how he seemed to think marrying someone from another religion is against the Bible. Maybe I interpreted it wrong though, because I was half asleep for most of it......until the 2nd half where after a short nap I got some energy pumped back in me. Then came dinner. Cha Siu was good, but Choi Sum was like drowned in Oil *shudder.* And then after that came the last part of seminar Last part of seminar was ok. Pastor Daniel spoke about how Christians start to backslide......and used Peter's denial of Jesus as an example. There were 7 steps. Boy I wish I wrote those down in my notes now. Oh well, the last three were basically about denial though. The first 4 were uhh......blast my memory fails me again. Well basically some of the main things he DID tell us to do was for example instead of just doing devos, READ THE BIBLE. Devos are supposed to HELP you understand passage. It is NOT a substitute book for a Bible. That was basically it.  Now we all head downstairs and leave for home. Jason, me and my dad got a ride with Pastor Mackness since our car is in the shop right now. Well now I'm home and am probably gonna go watch SNL in a bit. G'nite.