4/13/04   Bargaining Band for Sleep: Effective =)   People complain about the flu bug...well I complain about post-holiday sleep syndrome. What is this disorder you ask? Take me for example. After a very relaxing easter weekend......all of a sudden I wake up at 6am the next morning? Uhh.....don't think so=P. So after some quick thinking and sudden descisions.....I concluded that I'd miss senior band today. Besides...she won't notice will she? *She did apparently....didn't think Mrs. Wharton would pay attention to a Gr. 10 that much.* So yup...that was my morning...slept intill 730.....I'm not about to wake up at 6am when I woke up at 11am yesterday.....BIIIG DIFFERENCE.  So waking up at 730.....I quickly got ready for school...you know usual morning routine and stuff. Breakfast consisted of leftovers from Wendy's house yesterday from dinner. Microwaved too. Ugh. So yeah not very appealing but meh....better than nothing. Wait.... is nothing on the menu?  So after getting a lift to school........I quickly jammed stuff I didn't need in my locker and headed upstairs to a re-welcoming history class. Not. Watched some boring movie about Hitler. And we started the Holocaust unit. Yay....the excitement. Now don't get me wrong it's not that I don't respect the Jews or anything. In fact, I commend them for making it through such a great struggle.....but the unit is so repetitive. Been learning this since Grade 7. So took some notes down about that...and the bell rings. Yup...Oh yeah and the results of my Math Project Maisie saw. Yeah she thought it was.......interesting? Hahaha nothing can be worse than Thompson's picture though....a fish turned football? Underwater. Yup.......it's pretty sad =P. You wanna see it? Click   here =P.  So after a boring history class....came a very boring civics class to follow along with it. Learned about governments..and how no matter which way you go.....you go too far it leads to anarchy and chaos. Yup.....governments...you gotta love 'em=P. They're as cuddly and lovable as.....a ball of nails? *Gets impaled by one and dies.*  Nope I'm still here...that could just be my Sprite Can that did that.....huh?  Oh yes and I have yet to discover another talent of mine. The water noise I can make w/ my mouth *for those that know what I mean* I can make it hitting the top of my head. Works sometimes. At other times it just hurts *ow.*   After civics class....went out to Galleria for lunch. Hmm...blasted Leafs. Winning against the Senators....BOOOOOO! Now Nate and Shawn can mock the me and the Senators for losing. *Shakes fist.* Uhh....GO AVALANCHE! My favourite team. I'd just rather see the Senators win. Will it happen? Yes. I hope. So yup.....went to Galleria w/ Mike.....everyone had to do something it seemed today.......Subway for lunch then headed back to school. *yawn.*  Math class......trigonometry isn't THAT hard. Calculator is your best friend. Without it....yup I'd be screwed. Project handed in....and for rest of the day we did these trigonometry problems. Triangles scare me. *Why Joe will never be a engineer....he hates physics and triangles and geometry of all sorts.* Oh yeah which by the way....my course roster for Grade 11:  English Music Math Chemistry Biology Accounting Law PAS (Psychology, Anthology Sociology)  Funky huh? Yup thought I'd scrap the whole "FOCUS ON NUMBER CRUNCHING!" idea and go for the Asian 3 pack and some Social Science courses. What am I gonna be when I grow up? Hmm....maybe a new job field:  Biochemical Psychiatric Medical Accountant of Law. *hhhhuuuuuh?????????*  Oh yeah and Guilfoyle kinda came up with a good question too: WHO the heck really does read my blog? Who are the 2300 people that have hit my site? A mystery never meant to be solved *unless I'm geeky enough to check every IP address.* No I'm not.  PROGRAMMING CLASS.......sub teacher *YAY!* so did nothing for whole class except draw stupid pictures on photoshop and fiddle around with default turing programs. One really cool one that was like a basic MSN. Connect to people and chat. Reminded me of TelNet back in CTG *Cheesy Text Game* days. *Sigh* geeky grade 6 and 7 days. Brings back memories......REALLY text-like memories. And sleep. *Snore*  After the day of schoool....oh wait it's not over. Badminton practice! Won't say much about that......me and John gonna probably be Central Doubles team A. Then Alex and Gimpy, then whoever else. Unless me and John have a bad day when we choose the A's, B's and C's. Central junior Boy's singles is gonna whoop ass though this year at conference. Jacob, Brandon and Hermann are really good. Probably one of them could school me and John.  Bused home.....and now I'm sitting here. Lots of crap to do tonight. Theory, Bio lab, read stupid book. Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe. Jenn how can you possibly think it's a good book? Lol so far all I've got is there's a depressed woman that eats a lot and has started to talk to a woman that blurts out about her life story to random people. Sounds kinda......Soapy Operashy? Meh......got another 300 pages to read or so......so don't judge a book by it's cover....or first 64 pages I guess now also. It can't be THAT bad of a book...can it?  Hmm.....still gotta do some devos for today. And I'm off....for now. Yup.......uh.....food looks good upstairs hehe. Lates.