1/19/04   Fending off powder snow is easy....until his ally packing snow came...ugh   Nature can usually be your friend. You know, with the water, and sun, and grass and stuff. But when it comes to winter......it can be your worst enemy. It's like one of those female spiders that backstabs her mate by eating him after mating. Geez is Mother Nature much like the same right now I feel. Right now I'm kinda half dead.....shoveling the powder snow was a breeze.....but when it came to shoveling the crap at the end of the driveway that Merry Old City of London happily shoveled on......wow was it a workout. As I'm typing.....the stupid 4 feet squared of snow on the front of my driveway is still waiting there. Stupid Snow. Thinks it can make it's presence on my driveway like that. Grrr.....I'd blow it up if i had dynamite. Well now I'll leave this blog on, go have some dinner.....then shovel the damn driveway again.....  Well, now after a victory over the ruthless packing snow......and a cold dinner since I had to reshovel......I am now sitting on my comp typing up blog and practicing my trombone. For a Monday, this one's been somewhat mellowed out. Since I had no homework on Sunday I have some tonight........some Bio and Math. It was good to have it so relaxing......Exam Prep week is gonna be pretty crowded and jammed up for me. Lots of studying. Wanna keep my History mark and Science mark up in the 80's. English I don't know what I have and Music I don't have to worry about. Well anyways summary of my day as usual....not much else to talk about for my after school life.....with almost everyone bogged in h/w....  Woke up......went to school around 7:50......that is basically my morning. Ate also of course and usual hygiene stuff....  Music we had a theory exam......seriously I still don't know what the hell the pattern method is good for.....why don't they just teach key signature.....stupid retards. Well the test was a joke. Finished it in the 1st ten minutes.......and for some reason Mr. McCumber seems to think quarter notes and eighth notes are threatening during rythmic dictation. Wow. I really think my music class is getting more and more pathetic.  Science we started review. I really need this for exam. Some of the stuff I'm not that familiar with like I kinda forgot how to do ionic bonding. But im refreshed now. No singing today. Hmm......science was never too amusing. Bleh.  At the moment I can't really think that well because I'm kinda half tired.....but anyways. Today I stayed in school at lunch......played some basketball. My shot is like usual.......crappy. It's getting better I guess, but I think I should start playing more at lunch again.....besides its kinda cold going outside everyday for lunch. So I played some ball......then went to Bio when the bell rang....  Bio had some laughs. Like usual I was loud.....and asked some ritorical questions but that's ok......Bio always has something new to learn. We watched a very stupid video. Took notes........science courses are always so boring. OH YEAH I REMEMBER NOW! We did this one activity that totally bombed. We were supposed to let our arms dangle at our sides....then after a while blood was supposed to build up, causing the vein to show up so you can see it through ur skin. You then put pressure on it.....and it was supposed to do something that no one in the class could do except Ms. Wiener. Rachel Brown then made a remark that we all don't have veins......or that Ms. Wiener was old. Ms. Wiener gave the weirdest face at that. Lol Bio class is so messed up........but it's usually the funnier part of my day....  English class we had a quiz. Open book =P. So everyone did pretty well. We didnt' really do much....watched some videos from the 50's about socializing. Lol I can't believe they would promote stuff like that back then....so funny. They had videos like "how to become popular" or "how to date." Lol hilarious. Anyways the bell rang......and off to Stage Band X.  We had lots of talking today........lots about Huntsville. I'm bringing my PS2 for sure now. Nick said he's bringing his modded X-Box. Turns out his green light button is red. o0o0o0o0o. And then I somehow went on a rant about how you could break curfew and swim in the pool @ 2am by breaking the window....I think I need social help. We didn't really play today.......we just ran over old pieces cuz we didn't have score to Mission Impossible. And now......I go home.....I was gonna go study w/ Mike n' Dan but was too tired...  Now I'm really tired....so i'll summarize the rest of my day:  -Came home around 5 -Slept till 7 -Did stuff -Shoveled driveway from 8-9:30 -Ate -Did last 10% of driveway end (Stupid packing snow) -Practiced Trombone -Now I sleep. Bye.