1/18/04   One day I don't have homework...The whole world does   Weird. The one day I actually have no homework and can do something EVERYONE else has homework. Not surprising since exams are coming up but why the heck does this happen on a Sunday? Ugh well since that happened my day was pretty much downright boring. Not much to write about today.  Woke up at around 830 for church. Kinda woke up late today so didn't gel hair or anything. THIS is when a good old hat comes in. I can cover up my hair with my hat. Innovative no =P. Went to pick up Jason. Since we didn't do worship, Pastor Mackness got this person called Dave Butler. He came a few times before but I really think that we should be able to do our own worship within our own church. Well today's message....erm.......well I remember the story. It was about David and the Besor River (spelling?) and about how he basically reclaimed stuff from bandits. Hmm this is great I can't remember what the main message was....  Well after a brief talk with Jason....I now remember. Thanks Jason by the way. Well it was kinda about how though we are followers of God, we still make bad choices. However we are forgiven if we believe. I think that was it. Oh boy this isn't good. Well I think that was it. Slow day. With UWO students out on a retreat there weren't many of us. Well after Offering and Benediction no song of respone since Dave had to leave....so we had announcements and went downstairs.  First thing I did was a great thing to do. Took off my hat and lo and behold......my hair isnt turned into hat hair. It's sticking out everywhere. Thanks a lot FlexFit. Damn. So yeah I had a bit of a bad hairday today. Oh yeah and today was VERY messed up. For some reason Brian Wong tried skin moisturizer *WTH IS WRONG WITH THIS WORLD NOW?!* and then Josh decided to wear Steph's pink scarf today. I decided to wear a scarf as a Turban and walk around pretending I was Taliban. Yes I realize that that was stupid. No worries though. We chatted around for a bit before Me Gavin and Steph volunteered to help with Children's Sunday School. Originally Rebecca and Josh were gonna help too but Pastor Mackness said 3 was enough. So off me and Gavin and Steph went to help with Children's Sunday School...  HOLY CRAP THIS IS ACTUALLY CHALLENGING! Trying to control 22 kids at once is NOT A FUN THING TO DO. And especially what we were doing today....pelting paper balls at someone while they were trying to find a yellow circle. Lol wish I had the pic from my D-Cam uploaded. This room is actually VERY chaotic. I now realize why I was in a way happy leaving CSS (not the internet lingo but Children's Sunday School). Well after about 20 minutes of pure chaos.....it ended off with a "calm" prayer. For some reason all these kids seem to have ADD.I was surprised of how even a 4 year old can be so hyper. Well afterwards it was "San Wui." So everyone was done. Service was over lah lah lah and stuff. I decided to go talk to Colin Ho's dad about making a website for our church. While that happened we somehow dragged Joseph Ma into it too and Josh. Well now we are putting a talk of starting a web design group for our church. Hope it's up and running by June or so. I'm apparently doing imaging. Whoo hoo. Now if only I had a more creative mind. Photoshop's actually very user friendly as later I would find out though. While we were waiting for my Dad to finish cleaning up Jason was trying to read his GMR magazine....but miserably failed with Rebecca and everyone else crowding around him remarking about how Doom 3 looks disgusting. I personally liked the looks of this one game coming out. Fatal Frame or somethin. Supposed to be a combination of Resident Evil 4 and Silent Hill 3. Both those games I am interested in. So this game should be good. GT 4 Graphics are AMAZING I also found out today and Starcraft Ghost....now #1 *over Silent Hill 3* on my most wanted games list. LOOKS SO COOL. And it should keep me entertained until StarCraft Two comes out. If it ever happens. Well after Jason FINALLY got a chance to read since everyone else left, we had to leave....  So he read in the car. Reminds me of the time when Patrick told me he read in the car for 4 hours *who the heck would read the Caesar 3 manual?* and then threw up afterwards. Not surprising. Well anyways less sidetracking. Jason went home. I went home and ate and then from like 3-6 I sat on the comp fiddling with photoshop. I WAS going to go to webstation but had no ride and the buses suck like crap. Eventually I ended up sitting home....Playing the piano, drumming, MSN, watching TV. Superstation is now one of the best channels on TV I have just realized.  Well after watching some TV....I went back on photoshop. Made a splashscreen for a HYPE website when it happens. I took a pic of night sky *really nice pic if i could put it on this site but no server so nope.* and then just did some stuff with it. Well after that I watched GI Jane. Not that great of a movie. Then now I'm sitting here......blogging......talking on msn.......n stuff. Can't really recall anything else happening today. Was gonna go snowboard but didnt'. Well now I'm gonna quickly refresh my mind on Grade 2 theory for a test tomorrow then sleep. Later.