1/17/04   And snowboarding season has Started....for me   Saturday! WHOO! Finally! No more school for the next two days. Today wasn't bad actually.....went snowboarding for most of it.  I woke up at 11pm.....after sleeping @ 2am from playing NFSU and watching MuchMusic. Ate some stuff and practiced some piano before I headed out for my lesson.  My lesson like usual was a lecture about how I should practice 525 minutes a week. Sure like I'd actually do that. My max so far is around 200 mins a week. Nothing higher. I really don't care for practice time. I got out of lessons around 1pm (30 min lesson) and then headed home and got stuff ready for snowboarding.  I never knew that snowboards worked as well as it did today with Candle Wax. I spent around 40 mins cleaning and waxing my board.....then scrounged around for my snowboarding stuff. It actually took me almost two hours to be able to find everything. In the end I made it to Marcello's house around 4ish or so. While at home though I drummed for a bit, watched TV, surfed internet....then left.  We waited for about 15 minutes before Dan Kalmar came. While I was at his house though I finally saw the board Tom Kalazitis gave him that Marcello was trying to sell now. Orange Liquid 5150. I didn't like it personally but it is a decent board. Then Dan came and we left for Boler.  By the time we got there it was around 420ish. Bought our passes and at first we didn't really see anyone we knew. Just me, Marcello, Daniel, and then Scott Sidhu came too. We boarded around for about an hour before we went into the chalet for food. Marcello saw some chicks that he knew, well "knew." They seemed pretty bitchy. Oh yeah found a BBQ lighter for some reason lying around in the chalet. Marcello would be a Pyro for the next 10 minutes then. He burned the table or sometin like that. Then he decided to put the flame into a pop bottle. Obviously the flame went out from suffication. Anyways now back onto the slopes.  When we got out we saw some other girl and this dude called James Hoe. Funny name Hoe lol. But yeah we then went down to the chairlift where we met up with Adrian too. Eventually when me and Age decided to go on the "T-Bar hills" (which now has a chairlift so technically its the "Ex-T-Bar" hills according to Daniel) and me and Age would end up going on the new chairlift hills. The others I don't know where the hell they were. Well in the end we met up after around an hour when Scott had to leave. We went down with him and said bye then we split up again lol. Me and Age went back in forth while Marcello and Daniel stayed on the old Chairlift hills. I don't know what the hell James and the other girl did.....I guess Easy Street since James was new to snowboarding. But yeah we boarded around until 10. I pulled off a small jump from terrain park and also pulled a manual. Nothing else too exciting really. The "races" we had were usual. Dan won w/ inside lane, then Marcello with 2nd most inside lane, then me then Age. It's pretty obvious who wins in our races. Whoever has inside lane. Pretty poorly planned but who cares =P. Boler actually isn't bad now with new Chairlift. Makes life a bit easier and they have Grindrails *Jibs I think?* on the terrain park. Though I didn't get to go on them I did go off the new backbone ramp, where I bailed and also off one of the ramps. Made 1/3 jumps great sucess rate. Notice the sarcasm. Well you can't really when all the typing's the same. After last run we all went home. Marcello n' Dan got a lift from me while Age had his mom to give him a lift. And now here I am sitting at home. Tired.  As you can see I mostly just snowboarded today. Since I woke up @ 11am I missed most of the day. The twins never went today but meh. I still had fun. Least it's a good start to my "season" of snowboarding this year. Stupid global warming. Woulda started in December if it weren't for it. Well I guess that's it. I'm gonna go sleep now. Cya.