1/16/04   A day of many accomplishments...WHOO!   Today I probably had the most production in any field in a long time. I did well on tests, didn't sleep in classes, got farther in Need for Speed Underground.....and improved with breaking even =P. Summarizing my day in one word would be "SHWEET!"  Today since I slept around 1 yesterday I almost slept in until my mom woke me up @ 730. Ate quickly, dressed and ran out da door by 7:50. Got to school around 8:10 or so...what an action packed morning=P.....sure.  Well history we had a game that we played where we had a given income based on 30's *poor since it was depression" and we had to figure out a budget. I made $17.44 , and I had to cut money from so much crap just to make my budget work. For food I bought 8 lbs of rice (Maisie bought 10 so I'm not that outta proportion) and some other crap. Ms. Manson wasn't convinced that 8 lbs of rice could last a week. SERIOUSLY I'd like to see her eat that much rice in a week. I also had margarine for cooking oil.....and some other crap. She said I woulda died during the depression. My ass....the rice would make steamed rice, baked rice, fried rice, it'd even make good matress filling =P. What a great use for such a cheap substance. Oh yeah and i got 86% on 1920's test. Sweet.  Well off to careers. Didn't do my presentation today as we ran outta time. Pokan was begging me to go before him but I didn't feel like it and also I didn't have enough time. Eventually he went....he did his on kinecieologists or w/e the heck the spelling is. You know those people......sports doctor? Ring a bell? You could tell Pokan was a bit unorganized as he somehow thought 25% and 75% would turn into a 7:18 ratio.Hammond did a Family Physician where he interviewed his mom. Beats careercruising. com I guess. And some other people did some other jobs. No movie today though....now off to lunch.......I was actually hungry for once.  Well me, Thompson, Hermann, Nate and Mike *White one not Chan* went out to Galleria. But before I left saw Finlan. He wore a old Fleury jersey from when Fleury played for Calgary. First it's a team that has always sucked until recently so I feel sorry for someone to be actually wearing that jersey. And 2nd who the hell would wear a jersey of someone that is in rehab and sucks @ hockey? I guess Finlan would. Idiot.  I had pizza from this place called Pete's. It wasn't bad. Then Jessica Wittaker came for a visit to us. "So Thompson how's Lindsay Pratt now?" That one sentence would stir up the biggest convo today. Well we mistook it for fact that Thompson was going out w/ her....when really it was about something else. But it was pretty funny. Thompson was having the biggest embarrasment. Hahaha. Then this would drag on through into math class. Me and Jessica would still be bugging him about it. Then there was also like usual our hockey talk at lunch. Too much to say. We went from local stars to NHL....and of course Mike and his rants about the Knights. WHO CARES? IT'S OHL. But Mike seems hooked about it. And he likes the Oilers so that says something else. Well we are now trekking back *imaginination inserted here* back to school......in the freezing -20+ weather....it was COLD!  Now by the time I got into math class I was an icecube. But thawed out overtime. Like I mentioned before me and Jessica Whittaker *Sorry if your reading this Jess and I spelled your name wrong =P* were still bugging Thompson aboud Lindsay Pratt and what happened at lunch. We somehow then got dragged into talking about semi- formal. If I do go I'm gonna try to get some people to pool in for a Limo. Hopefully I can make this happen unlike last year. Oh yeah then Thompson made a VERY lame attempt to use Nathan's "Got a dog" line on Mr. Gilbert. First of all it's pathetic how he stole that line from Nate cuz it was an inside joke. Advice for Thompson MAKE YOU YOUR OWN JOKE LINES. Anyways, Mr. Gilbert was also pretty funny today. To "cope" with "Grade 10 intelligence" he started writing stuff very slowly. Then we started throwing in ideas on improving his handwriting. I said while he was at it why doesn't he dot the I's w/ hearts n stuff. Eventually he made a demented heart....and over time it would turn into a black square. Eric Bennett then outta random said "Mr. Gilbert your hand looks bony on the overhead." Wth? Seriously THAT is what I call random. Math class actually was pretty funny today though. Kept me awake at least.  Now onto programming. Boring. Looked at sites afterI finished my Hyperstudio project. By the way Hyperstudio makes Microsoft actually look appealing. How bad can educational programs get? Worse, there wasn't any entertainment today. No good jokes, no fighting, no Icy Vs. Pokan brawls. Nothing. Oh yeah 6 people got sent out at begining of class *lol* that was funny. and Mitch showed me the Monty Python song " I Like Chinese." LOL frickin hilarious.  Eventually we went to auditorium to meet this kid Kristopher who's travelling across Canada to raise money for organ and tissue donation. I thought it was a good cause. I really wish the kid good luck. He's damn courageous for a 14 year old. Least I think he was 14. Point is he's courageous for a kid period. There.  Now time for after school. Dan came over to my house cuz we were gonna go to UCC to break around 6. We sat around shoving food in our faces for a good 2 hours. Half a pizza each, 2 packs of Gung Jai Mein, a bag of carrots, Mcdonalds burger.....washed it down with some wine and stuff.....mmmmm food. Then Dan sat on MSN for a bit and I played underground. I FINALLY MADE IT PAST 65/111! I'm now at 70 =P. BIG IMPROVEMENT. I have FOB spoilers now. You know the HUGE ASS ONES that make F1 spoilers look like scraps of aluminum foil? Well I ended up getting a smaller one because Subaru Impreza's don't look good with FOB spoilers. Then again what does? We would then end up playing DDR for a bit....with controllers. WHoo hoo. Did a wee bit of breaking at home. Then off to UCC.  Saw anton and em already starting to break. Sergei and some other people were there also. Tonight I pulled off two windmills again. I think that's my peak for now. I also pulled off a decent airchair and Pikes, as you can see on my MSN display pic. That is right now my glory for tonight. Weee. Well I left early today around 9. Still had to do some stuff @ home and I was REALLY tired. I think that Grain products though like noodles and pizza....well the crust anyways if not the rest of the fat are very good meals to have before breaking. Really gives you energy. Anyways I'm out. Gonna snowboard  tomorrow and I don't wanna fall asleep on my way down the bunny hill. Cya.