1/15/04   Slow start...big finish   Though my  day started off slow like usual....I mean every day two really sucks, it was ended off with a really good ending. Talent show was tonight.....and the last performance w/ Dave Rutt's (one of the Stage Band X conductors) band. THEY WERE AMAZING! Wasn't exactly rock, or ska, but it was like Spanishy music. The drumming was sick, and Dave's blaring on the trombone was really good. Tonight's talent show was much better than last years. Less crap....more good stuff. But I thought the last band really beat out Joe Ogan's band from last year. Well anyways now time to go on with the rest of my day...  Like usual I woke up around 720....crawling slowly out of bed met by a average breakfast....for me anyways. I had tofu and rice *lol* which I bet most people don't think is too typical. Tea is typical right? Well Patrick came over for a lift around 7:50...we left around 7:55....just made it ontime to school around 8:10.  Music class was REALLY boring today....least my trombone case has been taken to the shop to be fixed. All we did today though was scales....repeat of grade 1 theory.....I slept through some of it......and we did some really pathetic playing at the end...and off to science. Like I said music was VERY boring today. Mr. McCumber isn't the greatest teacher compared to Mrs. Wharton. She at least knows how to keep a class happy by serving Oh Henry bars every once in a while.  Well off to science. Note taking like usual. Nothing too exciting happened. No one was late so no singing. We got tips on what to study. Oh yeah Alan reminded me of careers class yesterday where we were talking bout G-Unit...then he said something about rice and then he somehow came up with "RICE UNIT" instead of G-UNIT. Then out of random I sorta said "TEAM ALLAH." Catchy eh???? Yah I know....it's too good to be true. No rap group could ever have the name "TEAM ALLAH." They ain't good enough for it. NO RAP GROUP IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR IT....Yet...  LUNCH! Well since Nathan had midterms he didn't go out....Mike and Hermann were pussies and wouldn't go out into the cold. So only me and Thompson went to McD's today. Cheeseburger special. Mmmm.....processed cheese......Hot Chocolate..........EEEEW! McD's hot chocolates are no good....but best substitute to English Toffee Cappuchino. Oh yeah out of random my English group partner Christine comes and tells me the news that she didn't do jack shit for our project. Wow. What a great thing to hear only 3 hours before 5th period. Well I didn't care. English isn't my strong subject....and my group really is "productive." Told Finlan to get a picture of Mao Tse- Tung and he gets a picture of a Chinese warlord who looks like he's only 10. Idiot.  Well now time for Bio. Ugh had to write the fastest ever of my life. I started from making detailed drawings and full sentence answers to chicken scratches and broken english. Ugh Ms. Wiener can't figure out how long it takes an average grade 10 to do an in class lab. Ugh well anyways didn't finish but who cares still handed it in....and off to english. Bio is starting to get REALLY boring. Well off to English class and see how our presentation goes.  Well we started ok...until Finlan didn't understand how the Chinese revolution worked. But oh well that was ok I don't think anyone caught onto it anyways. But SERIOUSLY my group really sucked. In the end I had to summarize the revolution because I "knew" the most about it. I really just improvised. Said the obvious. Hoped it went well. Our info pile was 3x bigger than anyone else's too. Well that was basically it....after that bused home and decided to go to talent show or not........self explanitory from the first paragraph I ended up going.  Well when I got home I moped around for a bit....ate food.....talked on MSN......went onto urbandictionary.com and looked for stupid words meanings. I liked this definition the most:  Thx:      Bastardization of 'Thnx,' which is a bastardization of 'Thanx,' which is a bastardization of 'Thanks,' which is a bastardization of 'Thank You.'       : I killed your rabbit!      : thx      : np  That really is a good definition. Whatever happened to writing Thanks or Thank You? I really agree with this definition. This site is much more useful than dictionary.com.......in ways. Well after that I left for talent show around 6ish....met steve @ market tower around 630 and we walked to school. Just got there in time.....saw Mike n' Dan. Dan ended up sitting w/ us while Mike sat with his school friends. Mike said they ruined the show for him. But meh. He kinda deserves it i guess =P. Well talent show was friggin amazing this year as mentioned. First act's memorable acts were Oriol's Band *where I realized that Gavin can play the guitar better than Rory.....all Rory played were a crapload of powerchords* and also Courtney Rosso's dance gig. It was riverdance sorta.....but still beats any toprock I've seen in breaking. It was like 8 mins of hardcore toprock....I can barely toprock at a slow song for like 1 minute. Usually I toprock for 10 secs than go into 6-step lol. Can't really remember anyting else from act 1....oh yeah two associate level piano players that were sisters played a duet. Really good. OH YEAH almost forgot Rasberry Social or sometin like that. Hilarious band.  During intermission we walked around for a bit. We being me, Steve, Dan and for a bit Brian Link was with us too. In the end when we headed up we found out the hallways were empty so........I PRACTICED WINDMILLS! And LO AND BEHOLD I, JOE CHAN.....LINKED TWO! Then on the 3rd I landed on my hip but WHO CARES?! IT'S A BRUISE! IT'LL HEAL UNLESS I HAV INTERNAL BLEEDING! Point is I LINKED TWO MILLS! Funny and when I was walking to school I was saying how I should work on mills. Motivation for myself =P. Of course Steve has been telling me to practice mills since 6 months ago but I never thought I could until now. THERE IS HOPE. Well after that Steve pulled two flares....and then Dan and me pulled an airchair or two. Now back to the talent show......  Act two highlights were the improv by Matt Brown and some other dude....hilarious. And then there was Igor and Stefan's breaking part of the show. That brought lots of whoa's and screams. And then the final act with Dave Rutt and this crazy drummer that Thompson told me was Mark. THEY WERE GOOD. Schooled Oriol's band. Great ending to a good talent show. Now after the show I bused home with Steve. Well walked to the bus stop with him. Then I got off @ Beckers and mom drove me home.  Well now I'm at home doing finishing touches to Careers. Kinda rushed through the end but meh. Gotta finish a few things then sleep. Later reader.