1/14/04   Tired....starving....and relieved from math midterm   Today was another day of stupid band. Woke up @ 6am and ate....and that would be the only thing I'd eat until i got home. Ugh boring as usual. Played some songs...got lectured....then off to first period.....HISTORY *ugh.*  Well in Ms. Manson's history class it was same old. She'd put up her cheesy overheads, and then do a useless task of finding jot notes when she gave us the answers at the end anyways. Geez so stupid. We also got our untouchables reviews back. I got 18.5/20...somehow Scott got 19.5/20 though we had the exact same report almost....except he plaguerized some number figures. But STILL.......so stupid. Meh not that I can complain my mark is still VERY high. Well after a stupid talk about how stock markets work......which isn't that exciting when you've been investing in it since grade 7.....it was off to Careers.  BORING. Saw some presentations. Monica and some other girls presented today. So boring, no offense Monica if you're reading this but no matter who was presenting....it was boring. Well we watched more of Finding Forrester. Sean Connery gets lost @ a Knicks game lol. And Lunch.  I notice im whizzing  by my school day cuz today was damn boring. Studied for midterms @ lunch.  Math. Probably failed midterms.  Programming. Same old. Using stupid Hyperstudio. Icy killing Po-Kan. Hermann overlooking the raging battle between the helpless Po-Kan clinging onto dear life and Icy's merciless attitude towards him. And like usual the rest of the class would add to the excitment with "OOOH's" and "WHOA's" whenever Po-Kan was getting his ass kicked. Icy threatened him with a chair. That was pretty funny to see. Who woulda thought that in a computer lab there would be melee weapons? Not exactly an axe, chainsaw, or a @&#*$!% Tuba (quote taken from video clip Quake in real life...watch it at www.ghettofob.net) but I think Icy kinda wronged them with their saying that in real life not everyone carries around a melee weapon. Apparently Icy finds a plastic school chair a pretty formidable melee weapon. And of course I checked hockey pool while in class....still in 5th place. And still Hyperstudio is just as exciting as watching dried paint dry. And then the bell rang...  FINALLY OUT OF FRICKIN SCHOOL....only to meet FREEZING COLD WINDS. Now normally I don't complain about my ears freezing....but they actually started hurting today. No frostbite yet....but I think I'm asking for it =P. Cap hats can only help you so far. Least my head wasn't cold. Bused home....talked to Ryan and Patrick on the way home.....by the time I got home I decided to just hide in bed because it was actually Warm....a feeling that I had forgotten ever since 2:30 when I left school. Afterwards....I sat around for a bit....played the piano......SC....then  ps2. First time playing NFSU since.....before Christmas Holidays. still hasn't lost its fun. Forgot how to do a few things though. Got worse @ dragging and better @ drifting. Makes sense. I can't drive straight because I turn too much...something a drifting driver needs...probably.  Well by now it's around 8....and I had to go to theory. Only 3 people in the class tonight. Me, Thomas, and Lauren. Wasn't too exciting......basically we just learned more stuff to help us pass when the exam comes in May.....we all left by 9.  Now I'm at home sitting here......typing up English presentation......printing off science notes......found out Jason bought NFL street.....and writing this blog. Oh yeah and with the constant pictures of Sim City 4 Paul keeps sending me....I REALLY regret buying a ps2 now. Shoulda bought a new P4 Comp and sc4. Oh well that'll come in time hopefully. I'm gonna go now and maybe play some PS2.....or sleep. Productive.