1/13/04   You walk around...then BOOM! EXAMS!!! NOO!   And so the countdown begins.....   LATE START DAY WAS TODAY! yes sleeping in till 830 *shweet.* And on with the rest of my shpiel for today.....  Yes I realize my titles are very VERY cheesy. But it's true. Only another 16 hours or so before my math midterms come up. It's basically an exam...but when the teacher gives u a review sheet with 21 questions....it's worth sometin. I just hope I don't flunk it. Math is my lowest mark right now. Last year it was too I think. That or science.  But today I really got prepared for midterms....me mike n' dan studied from 3-6 @ library. By the time I got out it was 6pm. Today has been one hell of an exhausting day....in ways.  Woke up around 8:30 today.......props to whoever came up with "Late Start Day." So good. Don't have to crawl outta bed @ 7 or anything. I actually didnd't fall asleep in bio for once!! AMAZING! Oh yeah neither in english. Woke up, got dressed, Patrick (Patrick will be Sackville not Finlan) and we left for school around 8:50  Traffic was jammed. Whole Oxford was clogged with metal chassis' w/ CO coming out of the end. Took us almost 30 mins to get to school. Lucky I had music, and Mr. mcCumber doesn't care about punctuality anyways. But Ms. Manson seems to bitch a lot on Day 1's when I have her for homeroom. But we eventually got there on time. Whoopteedoo we get our sight reading songs for exam. Heh lucky we've had 3 sub teachers. One of the songs we know how to play w/ our eyes closed cuz we had an earlier teset with it. We almost didn't get it because some retard *cough NIKKI* almost blew it by telling the teacher we should have another piece. SERIOUSLY U GET LIKE A FREE 100% ON SOMETIN IN THE TEST! Wonder what she was thinkin....  Well after music class It was time for science.....wrote notes.....that was it. Oh yeah....Justin D. Underhill and Sylviane came in late...so they had to sing a song....namely the school song. Well like usual Sylviane and Underhill just read it but Justin actually SANG. IT was a scary thought......and even Mr. Curphey was surprised. Said he enjoyed it too much.....I mean singing is supposed to be a "punishment." Well that was basically it cuz I'm not about to type ot the details of note taking.  Lunch....Me, Thompson, Hermann and Nate went to McD's. I had a English Toffee Cap. First time....it's pretty good. Beats French Vanilla. Then when we were eating Thompson somehow brought up the idea of Why Asians are considered Yellow when we really don't even have any yellow? Po-Kan and Derek Cason sitting beside us even heard us. Yeah we all started laughing. I really don't get how the hell Thompson comes up with all this stuff in his head. This is almost as stupid as the "Joe.....You my #1 Rice nigga."   Just got to school in time for bio. Whoo hoo another quiz. Not. Well least these are easy. Ez things to bring up my mark. Rite now I think I'm sitting at a healthy 85%. Can't complain. better from 80. For some reason I'm getting better at science. Maybe I'll ditch my Finance Business Job plans and head for a job in bio engineering....or something. Can't be much worse. I'll be like those people visited by Crackers the Crime Fighting Chicken from Michael Moore's "The Awful Truth." Good series. The one on Bowling for Columbine DVD is hilarious. Well we did a quiz......got some old work back. That was basically it. Oh yeah I'm with Okanski Underhill and Robert for a project that won't be coming up until later in the year.  English was boring like usual. Presentations started for revolutions.  Well after school, I had to go the the library w/ Dan N' Mike for a studying thing for math. We worked and talked, and ate, and stuff  for almost 3 hours. Saw a lot of people there actually. Jeff was there, Jesse, Wilson, Erin, Brescia, these two people in grade 9 that apparently knew Paul Nielsen. One I found out was the girl that knew karate that was good friends with Laura. The other one supposedly Me and Paul played basketball with one time back in like grade 5 or something. Wow what a small world. This is almost as weird as Marcello knowing my cousin. This world just gets smaller and smaller. Maybe its cuz London has less than 500k people. But yeah we studied until bout 6....well that was until I left. I dunno when they did..  By the time I got home it was about 6:30. Took a shower n stuff......then played the drums for around 30 minutes. Then.......MORE MATH STUDYING. I mite be taking this midterm a bit too seriously.......but I seriously can't remember half the shit we did through this year. Well I still got lunch tomorrow....and I can kinda study during careers I guess. Hopefully I don't screw up tomorrow.  Well now I'm still studying......stupid factoring. It's the worst. I hate these parabolas n stuff. Why can't the world just revolve around y=mx+b? Life would be way easier. Well I'm gonna head to sleep soon....still have Band tomorrow....and i don't wanna fall asleep halfway through my midterms. I know this entry's kinda bland.......I mean the most action packed thing was Thompson raising the question of why Asians are considered to be yellow. I don't know either. Well the library actually lots of stuff happened. Lots of jokes. Talks about old days in Montessori....and for some reason Mike kept saying someone was slapping his ass. Dunno what the hell Burger King put in his burger. Also talked to Jeff about some church things. But yeah that was pretty much my day I guess. I am now going to hope from now until I'm done my math midterms that it goes well. PLEASE.........