1/12/04   On your mark...get set.... START WRITING TILL UR HAND GOES BOKAN!   Yes.....that's basically Ms. Manson's version of a test. Holy crap today's history test was brutal......writing wise. It was actually a joke test. Just the fact though I had to write another stupid Essay about "Prohibition affects on Canada." Seriously WTH!? Who gives a crap. I wrote a nice piece though I think. I wrote about how Prohibition created a new job field....Bootlegging. You wouldn't believe how many Canadians made big bucks from making homemade beer. Reminds me of the Simpsons. 1920's actually was a pretty cool era....sorta. I mean....we had a good economy.....and we had lots of jobs. Then again I'd rather live in this era cuz back then I really can't picture traveling at 40km/h in a Model T Ford. Anyways enough of history class....today's class was just a stupid test. Onto Careers.....  Watched Finding Forrester. At firs this movie looked REALLY stupid, but now I sorta wanna see the ending. Though it's a drama, it's a good one. i was surprised at the talent the director had in putting together this movie. Was about basketball, and writing books. I didn't know how that really related up till now.....but I think you people should get this movie....really good one. Oh yeah we had a Ms. Dymock for sub. Nothing exciting....mmm.........lunchtime......  For lunch.....well me Nate n' Thompson went out for subs originally. We did wait for Hermann but he never came so we left. We got to the subs place and Lo and Behold.....ITS SITLL CLOSED! DAMNIT! Stupid Broken English False advertising....January 12th they would reopen my ass. Well we ended up going to Burger King. Getting so tired of fast food. I'm basically paying for cancer. Least it keeps me going through the rest of the day. Yah lunch was usual......talked bout random crap, Thompson still used the N word a lot....and Nathan still ranting on about the "Got a Dog? Not anymore" joke. That's getting kinda old. Then again Thompson's "You my #1 Rice Nigga" is gettin old too. Then I said sometin about how by 2010 every white dude will be outnumbered by Asians 3:1. Got some laughs from that. Then again...don't we outnumber them already =P. K maybe not but EVENTUALLY...............you just wait.  Well Math we just reviewed. Midterms in a matter of two days. I found out I really did forget lots of shit....but it came back to me slowly. I'll be crammin lots tomorrow. Mike became the class tool when he photocopied answer sheet for everyone. Kinda funny. Started off with him going by himself to photocopy his own copy, the Mr. G told him to photocopy him one....then Bennett, then me, then Maggie....Travis....and so on and so forth till he probably had 5 bux in his hand for photocopying.   Programming class we had a test.....meh.  Ok see that part of the day was pure crap....you can see why I fall asleep through those two classes. Well sometimes in programming there's something exciting. Ok I'm just lying... maybe the reason why I'm writing little today is because I forget most of the stuff.  Well it's monday so I had Stage band X practice.....we didn't really play today. A new girl joined. Thinks she's Lauren. Wonder if it's the same one that used to come to my theory class? Well she's a drummer....now we have a grand total of two...Jake is kinda on the crap side of drumming. Me and Nick can play better than him. Oh yah and Shaunvir. I mean Jake SHOULD be cut if we cut people. We got pizza....for our "talent" at our other performances. I'm not complaining since its food.....mmm....pizza....  When I was leavin for home I saw Mike n' Dan, so we walked to the stop. Chatted for a bit before I realized my bus was making the turn....Ran. Still can't beat the half a kilometer sprint I had to make last year down Dundas to catch my bus. THAT was brutal. Got home around hmm..........Was so freaking tired. But meh still played a game of SC w/ Jason and drummed for over and hour. then I had to do piano n stuff.  Right now.....I think I gotta organize better. I wanna learn how to do graphics design, HTML and still have exams to study for. Better do exams first. I'll stick w/ my crappy graffiti Display pic for now=P. Well I'm out...gonna fiddle around with site more maybe. Later.