1/11/04   The darkness SLOWLY takes over....Grr stupid exams   Wow. Tomorrow marks the first day of in class exams week. Am I ready? Helllll no. I didn't know about history test until today. But oh well no worries.....with the mark I have I dont have to worry about anything. But also I have to do review for my math midterms....thats the biggie. Have to remember everything since september by today. I wish I had an actual exam now....would have more time to study. Now I have my midterms on wednesday.....which really really sucks. But anyways here's the summary on the rest of my day.  Well like usual I went to church. Woke up at around 830 or so.....left house @ 845. Picked up Jason....got to church around 9:15. We were a tad late....they started just before we slipped in. Today's message was pretty interesting though. We had a guest speaker.....uh oh forgot his name....but the subject was about "Our Commision." Basically to me the message told me basically about how God's calling can really be emphasized towards you. He told us of the story of how him and his wife were called to China when someone from one of the booths (he was at a missionary open house sorta thing) and told them they needed a computer person and a nurse. Well he as a programmer....and his wife was a nurse....coincedence? Well he believed that this was a sign from God. I guess if you were in that spot you'd think that too. Also he had a very interesting story about faith. He asked a group of non-believers whether or not they believed in aliens...and they said yes, despite the fact they have never seen one, or even heard of someone seeing one.  Then he asked them why wouldn't they believe in Jesus Christ even though there is evidence of him living. They couldn't really reply to that. Well eventually that village he is preaching in (btw a village in China is around 700,000) now has 4 churches....which is good growth. Really feel proud for em. Oh yeah, and after English Service....Pastor Mackness gave Jason a brand spankin' new Bible. I thought it was a pretty cool gesture. In fact I think we should make it almost like a church tradition...giving new believers Bibles. Speaking of Bibles, I need mine back from Shaonan. Too bad he never really accepted Christ. He seemed like the mature type. I learned a lot from this though. Mature people don't always accept things more maturely. Spirituality especially, is VERY difficult thing to interpret. It's like a white guy reading Chinese.  Then came Sunday School class. Learned about Job. One thing that really still sticks in my mind is the quote that Pastor Mackness said about how "Spiritual life can interfere with physical life, but physical life can't interfere with Spiritual life." I kinda came up with a metaphor with the fact of how a small foot can fit in a big shoe, but not the other way around. No one got it....I looked like an idiot. Nothing new =P. Today was communion to though.....so we all went upstairs for the last part of service where the communion happens. Josh and Calvin then went downstairs to set up stuff...while the rest of us stayed for Benediction and some special deacon/elder announcement. When we got downstairs, we lined up for lunch. Gavin complimented Carmen on her new outfit....he said it made her look like she was bout to run a marathon or sometin. I just said I wonder if she even knew what the word "Rookie" meant that was written across her jacket =P. Lol that got some laughter. Well we left around 2 and got home around 2:30, dropping off Jason on the way and also picking up Bad Boys 2 and Tony Hawk's Underground from Rogers. heard the game sux....but i've seen the movie....rented it just for laughs again. BEST MOVIE I've seen probably.  Well I sat around home for a bit....did some things....played a bit of SC....but mainly got tired of it. OK I LOST IN IT THATS WHY! But main point is....I ordered pizza and went over to Patrick (Sackville not FInlan)'s house for a bit. Watched Bad Boys II and came home around now. It's about 945 now. Chatting on MSN and studying for History....dats why I kinda have to go and am now summarizing. Laters.