1/30/04   3 Day weekend start! Sweet....   What a relaxing day it was. And also random. Well originally I was gonna go session today @ UCC but then decided not to because I was REALLY lazy. Well for a PD day it was well spent........bought a new PS2 Game, saw a movie, and figured out Friendster (www.friendster.com) sorta. I still don't get why the heck people don't just use MSN. It's kinda cool though I guess....But most exciting part of day today was probably the sudden change in the afternoon from breakdancing to seeing a movie. I don't regret that descision.....unless I could all of a sudden pull flares in one night which I REALLY doubt.  My day started off slow........woke up around 11ish, just because I was getting bored of sleeping for the morning. Unfortunately mom wasn't awake yet so I didn't really have a breakfast. Well....it was 11 so I guess I might as well just have lunch. Mom ordered pizza though......so in the end the pizza cancelled out the no food when I wake up. Mmmmmm.......Hawaiian pizza......so good. The other one had tomatoes *what's the point when you have tomato sauce?* so I didn't really touch it. Well after that got my daily dose of tea to wake me up and down to the comp I go to check MSN and email.  Yes I just realized something. The monitor says WOW......but my tin can speakers are yelling at me to buy new ones. They do suck a lot though. The button "3D sound" makes the speakers louder that's all. Well for 5 bucks can't complain.....actually I got them for free. My uncle bought them since my old speakers died out. Probably from when I dropped them on the UCC floor but no one knows....except the people that saw it happen.  But other than that.....I called up Jason and got Adrian to play SC. Jason then came and his friend "Sauron" came again. We played some SC, and then eventually we'd be doing that for about two hours. It was pretty fun. I pissed off Jason by basically  luring the enemy to his base. Then we lost that game. In another round which we won.....Adrian would mass lings, Jason would do most of the work, and Sauron ran to my base since he kinda got obliviated 10 minutes into the game. Well after a while I decided to find Sauron a new base. However Jason would do the same but I wouldn't know. Well in the end he ran to Jason's base......and I wasted a crapload of men for nothing. Well in the end I'd make profits back by mining from the base. So I wasn't really complaining. We then watched the replay of the game after. After that I decided that I've been sitting in front of the comp too long. So I decided to go finish some piano practice. Then I went to drum for a bit. Then it was time to go. I was already late to pick up Jason but Meh not like anyone's gonna be there earlier than us.....  Oh yeah just before the leaving for movie thing......well apparently we weren't gonna go see Last Samurai anymore *WHOO HOO MOVIE TIME COMES THROUGH AND FOILS PLAN.* Instead we were gonna go see Butterfly Effect. Meh. Beats watching a movie I've seen again. Though I did sorta wanna see Cold Mountain but Dictatorship was not the descision-making tool in this situation unfortunately or I would have won. Instead it was a Democracy. Gah foiled once again by freedom....not saying it's bad but I wish Dictatorship was there at that moment so I'd win ^_^. Ok.....we'll make it sound better. Replace Dictatorship with Communism. There happy =P? But anyways back to the going to movie thing and how I think we'd be the first ones to arrive.....  Boy was I wrong. Josh's punctuation came through again. He was there earlier than us. Called Jason on our way there on cell. I was surprised he was there. Well I went to deposit cheque in Scotiabank from Chinese New Year money, and then we went to Zellers to buy Jason's Friends Season Six. Zellers of course is a cheap store, so in the end they didn't have it. I was gonna buy Silent Hill 3 there but I thought maybe I should check out EB first. Well Jason then bought the Season 6 from HMV and then we'd go to EB...  WOW I was lucky I didn't buy Silent Hill 3 from Zellers. They sold it for 50 and I got it for 30....though it was used who cares it was in good condition.  Jason was gonna pre-order SC Ghost (I was too but forgot) but in the end we didn't because this family in front of us took friggin forever to buy ONE GAME. The kid traded in like 50 games and he still had to pay money afterwards lol. What a rip off. I think he probably lost over $100 in value in the end. Idiot. Anyways after we left EB we finally got back Silvercity....where we'd find Steph and Rebecca waiting for us in the theatre. Was gonna play DDR but not enough time....  Now we sit in the movie. There were a few movies that looked ok. Well I sorta forgot except for Dawn of the Damned.....it looked ok I guess. Thought it'd be Resident Evil 2 but nope.......cheap imitation of it. Same sorta storyline, except instead of one person fighting them all off it's a group. Wow big change. And there was another movie.......that was like You Got Served except Cuban style. I bet it'll bomb too since You Got Served only got 1.5 stars out of 5. It looked pretty stupid.....only reason why I'd even go see it is because of breakdancing....but why not go to UCC and watch people breakdance there? IT'S FREE! Hmm....there was another movie......gah forgot what it was. OH YEAH! This one movie about this cop being stalked and something about "how can you track it when it's tracking you?" Forgot what it's called though but it looks cool. Has Ashley Judd, Samuel L. Jackson, and some other person in it. Some white guy. He's famous I know but I forgot his name. Anyways now time for our Feature Presentation. Wow I should be a movie commentator.^_^.No maybe not. I'd be cut...  The movie was pretty good.....I won't ruin any of it though, so you go find out yourself. Steph was jumpy through the whole thing lol and Rebecca was hiding under her coat for a bit of it. THAT was hysterical. I was surprised to see that Ashton Kutcher can actually be serious though. It was actually a REALLY good movie. Though I was confused for some of it......in the end it all tied together. I'd actually wanna go see that movie again. Well maybe not....but I think it's a DVD buyer for sure. Try not to pirate it it's really worth seeing.  Well after the movie I played DDR with Josh at Silvercity. I've really got VERY out of shape. I can't even play heavy D2R anymore. I got a D on it *shudder* but somehow I managed a C for Hysteria. Meh. I really need a new pad......and a mod chip....and DDR Extreme.  Or if I'm rich enough I'd just buy the machine from Japan. ^_^. But I don't exactly have  10k handy so no. Anyways after playing some DDR, and watching some white kid suck at it lol I got a ride from Jason to my house.....where I'd find out I'm the only one home. Not much to do at 10pm though.  Well now I'm gonna go eat, finish some piano, then play Silent Hill 3 for a bit. Then sleep. So I'll blog more tomorrow as usual. Wonder what the seminar is gonna be like. Hope it's gonna be somewhat amusing. Heard it's in english so no need to strain to listen to Chinese. Well I'm Gone. Later.