1/10/04   YES WEEKEND!!!!!!!!!!!   YES! WEEKEND! Today I think I defined laziness. Well at least in my point of view. I woke up at 12 (Wow I haven't done that in a week) and then headed out for piano @ 1230. Wow......I totally forgot everything.....C Major seemed like a challenge. I also apparently made my piano teacher panic cuz she seems to think someone in grade 8 piano should practice 575 minutes a day? WTH!?!?!?!?!? SERIOUSLY the most i'll practice is 40 minutes a day. PERIOD. I sound good enough....the marks say so. 80+ from 40 mins of practice 4 days a week.....dats good enough. I'm not bout to become the next Mozart. After a gruesome 30 minutes.....I finally get home around 1pm or so.  I decided I wasn't going to go to Boler today. Well one reason was because I have HYPE tonight *fellowship* and another reason is because my board is in terrible condition. Need to wax it bad. Actually I just need a new board period. The liquid board Marcello's selling is tempting.....but then again I hate liquid  boards. I wanna get a Ryde or Sims board. I was thinkin Santa Cruz @ one point.....but man what was I thinkin now that i look back. Oh yah K-2 I wouldn't mind either. But yeah didn't end up going to boler or Webstation today because Colin n em already left....so in the end I ended up going to Masonville w/ age.  Went down to future shop......lucky we caught the wonderland bus. Took us right there ^_^. We were there for bout two hours. Saw Paul there....haven't seen that kid in a while. He's actually a lot taller than me now. I was surprised. Him and Adrian both got Sim City 4.....how I envy P4 comps now.....Grr stupid P3 Emachine.....4MB Vid card.....and tin cans for speakers. Wow my comp truly define the term "Scrap Metal."  Well anyways me and Age ended up browsing around for almost an hour and thirty minutes. I ended up getting a PS/2 Remote and a 7 foot long extension cable for my ps2 controller. YES!!!! FINALLY!!!! I can turn on the ps2, tv, sound, and play all from my couch......HEEHEE NO MORE WALKING UP TO THE STUPID MACHINE! This is why I think I'm getting lazier and lazier. Paying 40 bux for the two objects just so I don't have to ever walk up to the system (except for changing the CD but still.....I'll get a broom eventually) and I can play from the comfort of my couch. No more stupid sitting on the stupid floor. I haven't actually tried it out yet.....but I can picture the luxury now...................Couch..............Potato.............mmmmmmmm potato. Well we ended up leaving around 5. And this is now where I have dinner.  Whadya know? JU PAH *porkchop * AGAIN.....FOR THE 4th NIGHT IN A ROW!!! My mom seriously can't figure out what "variety" is. We've been having Jupah for the past 4 nights and I'm really getting sick and tired of it. First of all she doesn't reallize corn starch makes the meat more juicy and tender, and also SHE DOESN'T CHANGE HER FREAKING RECIPE! Oregano, Chives, and some other crap. And if your wondering if I'm a cook nut or sometin.....yes I am.  BUT SERIOUSLY wouldn't anyone get tired of having the same thing 4 nights in a row? Well least I also had chicken....and of course some......uh.......Choi Sum.....dunno what it is in english. Put it this way it looks like a celery....but softer........and its leafy. Defined? Maybe not....Probably not.... But that's ok. Point is it's good.  Left for HYPE around 6:00. Had to pickup Jason too....apparently his parents didnt know about this so he couldn't have dinner. Well we got there around 630. Interesting how Gavin brought a friend. His name was Liam. Surprisingly he actually was pretty open minded about Spirituality. Well first we started off with an icebreaker game.....we had to say a verb or adjective and an animal and then our name. It all had to start w/ the first letter of our name. For example.....my name is Joe. I could be "Jumping Jaguar Joe." Josh was "Jolly Jellyfish Josh." And Liam for example of a different letter was "Lazy Leemer Liam." Heh I somehow convinced someone that I was a Jumping Jangaroo.....what's a Jangaroo? What's a Jalopy? A car on homestarrunner.com. But Jangaroo? It's a kangaroo.....that starts with a J. Today wasn't the biggest meeting....was missing Carmen, and the twins Mike n' Dan. But we still went on....talked about issues that were mentioned in the 4 page long email Josh and I wrote. Me, Gavin, and Liam were w/ JT...we somehow talked about it longer than anyone else. Had some pretty good points though.....and I was surprised with what Liam had to say....he's one down to earth dude. And he really knows his stuff. We actually had a pretty good convo. He didn't seem out of it at all. He was actually like in depth with most of the conversation with us which I was surprised. We obviously had some laughs n stuff but it was all pretty mellow. We had other jokes too but can't recall them. But I heard about this one place "Youth For Christ" or sometin. They sound pretty twisted though. Liam said he went to the place a few times....and it seems like they mesmerize you to become a Christian. Now no matter how good of a scheme it sounds......it defeats the purpose of religion I find. I mean religion can't be forced which Liam pointed out...as well as Gavin.....and it is a very personal thing. I actually learned a lot from him. Pretty cool atheist. But honestly I thought he has spiritual potential.....but then again I wouldn't like force him to go to church or anything. If one day he really decides though that would be pretty cool. Was kinda interesting how he was thinkin bout being Buddhist....seems like white buddhists are on the rise. I mean Mr. Kimmel @ our school is one....and Richard Gere is too.....I think. But yah tonight's meeting actually was pretty cool.  By the time I got home....which is about now.....I'm pretty tired. Decided that tomorrow I'd probably stay home from going to Michael's on the Thames w/ my parents. Wedding Anniversary. I think i'll just rent a few movies maybe have a friend over or sometin and just chill. Oh yeah today Patrick's (Not Finlan the other one, Sackville) modem broke down.....well didn't work....he finally decided to call the Bell guy. Yes I'm not a professional with modems maybe but I know who to call at least....THE MODEM DUDE! er 310-SURF. Well I'm out....gonna go watch SNL maybe. laters.