1/9/04   Week 1 of school over....totally burned out   FINALLY! FRIDAY! This week seemed so freaking long.....and it's so hard to believe that it was only the first week back in school from the Christmas holidays. But today wasn't too bad. Had some excitement if not a lot. Well here's the summary of my day:  Like usual I wake up, do all the wake up crap, and head to school. Whoopee, first period was music and we get to do theory. Really sucked but still point is it was an assembly day, meaning that my classes are shortened. We had student forum assembly day to day....you know like we get to put out our opinions and stuff and they school will sometimes take into consideration if they think it has potential. Capitalist? Yes....effective? Maybe. Makes student body happier? Most likely. Waste of time? Sorta...but some issues really do bring up questions. I forgot them obviously cuz I like to listen to the funny ones but there was one about like the gym floor....and how we have been raising money for a wooden one since last september. Well some "shmuckette" decided to complain about it cuz she isn't "athletic." Funny though. When other people make donations to the school, it always goes to music program, I mean we are one of the best schools in London. Anyways enough sidetracking. Some other dude decided to suggest for MOGA this year (Most Outrageous Group Activity) we should try to set a record by making the world's biggest human parabola (mathematical thing u know, looks like a bell....OOOOH NOW U SEE) to replace our hopeless and pathetic record attempt last year for the most people to wear those glasses w/ plastic noses @ once. Seriously what the heck kinda record setting is that? So cheesy. But I think it got rejected. Oh yeah, I had science before the forum.....stupid....we watched a video about weather...seriously does the Ontario gov't really think we don't know what rain is and how it forms? When its above zero, it "Rains." Below zero, it "snows." Seriously the gov't should maybe spend this $$$ on the army instead of us. Maybe they'll have the $$$ to afford a weather predicting machine....that'll benefit them more than this  benefits us.  Well after all that stuff it was lunch. I wasn't really hungry today, so I decided to play some ball. What luck. The day I wanna play ball Mr. Douglas boots us all out of the gym. Then for some reason he starts to play Patrick Finlan in a game of ball. LOL that was the climax of my school day, just watching Finlan being plowed by Mr. D's post made all the Gr. 10's watching laugh our heads off. Funny how Finlan was being humiliated infront of almost 40 Gr. 10's. And he seems to think Mr.D was trying his hardest.....when Finlan takes a shot and Mr. Douglas decides to stand 7 feet from him. Trying? Sure thing. *NOT.* SERIOUSLY if Finlan tried his hardest and Mr. D did, Finlan's FG% would be something like.........-0.5%? Fine I'll give him some credit. 1%. Oh that one percent woulda came from when Mr. D let Finlan shoot for the 200th time.....THEN Finlan would make the shot. But yah pretty funny....in the end he only lost 11-7...but then again Mr. D wasn't even playing defense, and Finlan was struggling to keep up with the gym teacher since Patrick is a gimpy.  Oh yah almost forgot. When we got kicked out....well me and some people decided to just talk for the rest of lunch in front of the gym doors. This was when we found out Finlan was starting to play ball w/ Mr. D. Forgot what exactly we talked about.....for some reason Lindsay had a urge to go into the guy's washroom. Seriously what's so intriguing about a urinal and a jawn? Oh well after that "excitement" we just chatted around for a bit, and that was when we then decided to watch Gimpy be tooled by Mr. D.  After lunch it was Bio, then English. Nothing much, so I won't touch on it too much. Just I had work.  Well now skip down to after school. Chatted w/ Ryan on the bus ride home, then got home around........3:15ish. One big topic we talked about was the game where Gimpy got tooled.  Well got home, drummed around for a bit.....I really can't do jack when im freezing cold. Drumming seemed like a challenge.... and those 5A stick's seemed to weigh a ton. Well after that I decided to tweak around on photoshop for a bit.....wow you know you're bored when huh? Well I actually dunno why but lately I've started to like to fiddle around with computer drawing programs. I took a shot @ graffiti-ing w/ photoshop. Looked kinda weird, I can draw decent C's, but my L's, A's, and R's are TERRIBLE. While doing that I was talking on MSN, chatting w/ Maisie about speech impediments...dunno how I got onto that topic....and sent out my mediocre attempt at graffiti-ing to some of my friends.  "Mmm...interesting" Said maisie.... and Jason said "What the Hell? I have Photoshop?" Yes....my screenshot was taken in photoshop, and somehow I fooled Jason into thinking that he owned photoshop. Smart kid huh =P. Well after that I played some SC (starcraft if you haven't caught on from my previous entries) and then ate and left for UCC. Friday....haven't done any breaking in over 3 weeks. But just before I left, I got a call from Wendy. Apparently tomorrow we have a HYPE meeting. Short notice...and this sorta ruins my Snowboarding ambition for tomorrow. Was gonna meet up @ Boler w/ Marcello n' Scott but guess not now. Guess I have to wait till next week. Well I guess in a way it was for the best. I don't have my contacts yet anyways....and I can barely see like 5 feet in front of me....in detail. Well now I guess i'll be headed to LCAC for HYPE. Now I'm leaving for UCC.  Well I got there around 6:50 ish. Saw some UWO people and then Steve, Sergei, Mike, and Evan. Today I just decided to work on crickets (really needed em back) and turbles (need those too). Somehow accidentally I pulled off 3 or 4 hops of dark hammers.....so now I know I do have the ability to do them. Steve said my airchairs getting better. Personally I really wanna be able to grab my toes when im doing airchair. Right now im still like i dunno 10 inches away from doing it. Dan, Mike, Anton, and Jonny came to around 7:15ish. I was surprised that Dan could almost hold airchair now. Not bad for only 4 months. Anton felt sick so he just slept. Mike is slowly still attempting turtles.....he is gettin better and Jonny.....well he can handstand which I was surprised. Before Christmas he could barely hold himself up with his hands. Pulled off one decent elbow freeze in a battle...and tried a mediocre attempt at crickets. Honestly having a battle near the end of session isn't the best time for me....by now I'm like dead tired. But yah I ended up leaving at around 9:30 or so....supposed to meet dad @ Alumni @ 9:15 for a ride so you can see I was already late.  Well now....it's around 10:30 and I'm home. Finished careers project. I'll just add some finishing touches on it sometime. But for now I'm fine. Got presentation on OpenOffice.org finished, and all I need are pics now. Wow CGA pics. I can maybe like get a computer....or a desk from Staples. WAH! SO EXCITING! And I guess I'll be attempting graffiti again w/ Adobe Photoshop. Lates. *Post post....shoam.*