1/8/04   E-z goin day... I deserve one after this week =P   WOW.....for once I had a relaxing day. Well w/ exams coming up and stuff, I guess it isn't really exactly relaxing. I'm right now pretty stressed w/ the math mid terms comin up next wednesday. I am kinda thankful that I was only one of four people yesterday that put their hands up to have bio test next week......I would be totally burned out. But yah, now I have a math midterms comin up......plus I gotta do my careers project. So much crap....so little time. Well today wasn't too bad though.....History was same old....BORING, same as careers.....School seems to have plummeted since Grade 9....last year was somewhat exciting sometimes with Mr. Rice as a geo teacher. Guess having a geo teacher that once worked @ Yuk Yuk's really pays off.  When I got home today.....Ugh shoveling the stupid snow. Well that kileld bout 30 mins, then came in and ate some stuff. Mmmmmm..........peanut butter sandwhich.............dunno why but I've got hooked on that stuff lately. Well yah after that I kinda napped for a bit.....got really bored.  Honestly, school days suck for a Gr. 10 There's almost nothing to do....with homework n stuff in your way. I'm lucky my piano lessons don't actually start till this Saturday....oh crap which reminds me I can't go snowboarding till after 1pm. Ugh.  Well afterwards I surfed net a bit, played some online gaming, then watched the pathetic leafs game against the Sens. First, Sundin didn't play that could've been a factor to their gruesome 7-1 loss, or maybe cuz Kidd is the crappiest goalie since Cujo. Both ways, while the Leafs were struggling, I was sitting on the couch laughing at their crappy game. Who cares if they were in 1st. Anaheim was in 8th last year for the playoffs and they made Detroit look like the Penguins.  Hmm.........well I did get a 256 meg card for my D-Cam. Shweet.........now i can actually take more than 10 photos=P. What a feat for a camera.... well my camera at least. Well this could be a motivation....dunno why but lately I've come to take an interest in imaging w/ Adobe. Actually I started this frenzy during August but I didn't know how to use the program. Then bout two days ago I decided to figure out a few things, and the images didn't turn out that bad. Tommy and Josh said they are decent. Hopefully I can maybe make a web layout sometime soon or sometin. But yeah, don't know why but for some reason imaging has been kinda amusing these last few days. Beats doing math homework or somethin. And now for once I'm gonna go try to sleep earlier than usual. So g'nite....and I'll blog more tomorrow. Whoo hoo.......Friday! That means last day of school for the week......and also I can try to get my crickets back for breaking. Maybe I can also practice mills...er attempt to do more than one......connected.