1/7/04   7 days of blogging. Oh yeah, Hell's been freezin over for a while   Well......it's been a week of  blogging......and I still haven't missed a day of blogging yet. Wow do I feel proud right now.....I've actually stay commited to something =P. Well today was day 3 now of REALLY cold days. Apparently these 3 days in London have all been around -25 with windchill. COLD. But yah n e who.....today actually wasn't that bad though.....school wise n stuff......some interesting stuff happened.  Well one thing was it was wednesday, which means my day lasts from 6am (gr 10 band) until 9pm (Theory class). Well yah today I got to band......dead tired.....first time in 4 weeks we've had to do that....how I miss the wednesdays where I woke up @ 1......and did usual crap....ate, dressed, u know......and rushed to school. Wow. Only about 3/4 of band was there. band was actually not that long today.....usual crap....new songs......mr. clark bitching about the smallest mistake. "YOU MADE THE DOWNBEAT HALF A MILISECOND EARLY." That kinda crap.  Well after that grueling hour, it was time for.........MUSIC. oh how I hate day 2's. Wednesday day 2's I spend over 2 hours straight in stupid music room........grr.........sucks. We had our usual stuff.....technical stuff....then some theory......then annoucements. For some reason music goes by pretty slow now....with da new sub Mr. McCumbern or sometin. We've already had over 4 sub teachers this year. He used to teach at Banting or sometin......but anyways he's a pretty crappy teacher. N e who, announcements came on....blah blah.....then off to science.  HOLY CRAP WAS IT BORING! We watched a "quiz movie." I dunno wat the heck the teacher's federation thinks of or whatever da hell made the movie. You watch some A.D.D. retard for almost 40 minutes talking about clouds.....then 10 quiz questions come up.......what da hell ever happened to the teacher actually standing up there and teaching? Slackers.....they seem to find newer and newer ways to slack off. One of these days they're prolly gonna pay a student to do the teaching, or something. Maybe they'll dump school in the future. Wouldn't that be nice? A whole generation of illiterate children. WHOO HOO!=P  Lunch was to cold to go out........seriously I mite sometimes think cold isn't cold......but minus twenty-five is damn cold. I had to stay in n e ways though.......had a bio quiz next period. Was thinkin bout playing ball but half da gym was taken. And the ball half only one net was working. So I ended up working in the library....not so great, but yah I slept early last nite, so I didn't really do n e homework. Ended up watching Tv, drumming, and playing some Sc for the night. Beats bio.  Well Biology class was usual. Lecturing w/ ms. wiener's annoying "fallowing's" instead of following and other really retarted speech impediments. But we also had a quiz. Wasn't too pleased. Boring, n stuff. Oh yeah, I started to read the book "Left Behind" in this class. I heard from lots of people it's a good book....english teacher, church people, then Rachel Brown told me too who sits behind me. Apparently if it's the same Rachel Brown Calfun knows she's a Christian too. She said the book is ok, 2nd one sucks. Apparently there's like 9 books or sometin in the series now. I don't see how they can prolong the end of the world that long. But yah so far isn't bad. Some people are in a plane........people disappear...their personal items still lying around on the plane. Pilot panics, radios ground......finds out it happened all over the world. People in plane are panicking also. Yah right at the beginning of the book...Chaos. You kno it's a good book when. Then at the end of 4th, for some reason over 40 kids were called down to the office.....and all of em were in gr 10. I wouldn't know what was going on till the end of the day.  English class, since it is the most retarted class in the Ontario curriculum, I'll just summarize briefly. We had a work period for our revolution projects, where we are doing Chinese revolution. We didn't do much. Ended up talking most of the time. We just tried doing some relating w/ Animal Farm and how it was like any other revolution. But yah that was basically it. Teacher also said my book's good. But like I said that's it. Oh yah also........j/k that actually is it.  Well when I got home, I found out what happened after fourth. Jason told me his whole class revolted when Mr McKelvey moved the civics exam from 21st or sometin like that to Friday. "Mr Mckelvey?" "Yes?" "You're an Asshole." Someone said that according to Jason. So they sent a petition to Mr. Scanlon, and they won back their right to have it on original date somehow. I was surprised school actually has freedom, er freedom of speech. But yah that was main reason why almost 35 kids were called down to the office and all of em were in Grade 10. I'd like to do that with my careers presentation.....move it to after exams or somethin.  Well I got home, ate Gung Jai Mein.......mmmmmmmmmm.........fooooood. And then after that I drummed for a bit. Slept. Played Sc for a bit....really boring after playing it for 2 days it sucks.  Well I went to Theory @ 8.  Now I am sitting at home blogging. Wow......Ju Pah for dinner....almost forgot lol....wow this joke has been going around in LCAC for almost like 2 years. Funny how it came about. Well anyways I'm out now.......gonna go do some h/w and watch some TV maybe. *Zing*