1/3/04   Last week of Holidays......Grrr '  Ugh......just to think that school starts in a matter of two days.....GAY GAY GAY GAY GAY! Winter holdays were so relaxing, and now I gotta work again, and do stuff for school.  First thing though, I was pleased to see some people replying to me and josh's 4 page long email about HYPE in 2004.......I was surprised people read it even lol. It's so long........my eyes were burning when I was writing this thing. But yeah it was nice to see basically what people thought....and what they agreed and disagreed with. This is democracy kinda i guess........sorta.  Well today wasn't so bad I guess. I woke up around 11, since I had to start up my careers project and finish a few finishing touches for church OpenOffice presentation tomorrow. Originally I called Gavin and Josh to come over and just hang around.....but josh wouldn't come because he thought 3 hours was kinda pointless. In the end Gavin came over for a bit and we played around on ps2, and watched pirates of the caribbean. Since he brought his guitar, we thought we'd "Jam" for a bit downstairs w/ drums and guitar combo................The AzN Stripes.....Watch out Jack White we gaining real fas *not.* Well honestly we didn't sound TERRIBLE......but we both realized we need more strum patterns for guitar. Funny kinda, throughout watching pirates of the Caribbean....we somehow got really bored, seeing this movie over 10 times, and we started replacing a word's first syllable with the first syllable of "Shmuck." You know, like clock would be "shmock," guitar would be called shmuitar, and modem would be "shmodem," which we cracked out laughing our asses off when we figured out what word it almost sounds like. Oh yeah, and also talking on MSN I told marcello I mite buy Silent Hill 3, and he sorta said was kinda pointless since the game is kinda "scary" i would play it alone and I should just rent it.....that was when i countered with my usual random rants....but this one made sense.......well as a Joke cuz seriously who da hell would play PS2 w/ a cross, clove of garlic and shotgun beside em? yah dat was basically wut i said  back to marcello......like I'd actually do that =P. And after doing that for about an hour and a half came dinner........roast beef=P. Wow it was good.  After he left.....well dat was basically the end of my day.......played some SC, and now im gonna sleep. Geez blogs take so much time....and also so much brainpower to think.