1/2/04   Exhaustion at it's Max.....For a Holiday kinda Day   Wow. Today I actually woke up before 12pm. Yup, 11am I was up and about around the house. Why? Well first I had to get Vince's guitar for Gavin because him, Josh, Me, Carmen, and Rebecca were doing worship this week. Also, I was really hungry @ 11.....that pizza pop around 3am did jack. Left the house around 12:55 after lunch....and a cup of caramilk hot chocolate *Where can I get those?"  and picked up the guitar and amp. Then after picking up Carmen......we were on our way to the church to pick songs and practice for Sunday morning. Well Gavin was the first one to arrive.....waiting for us at the front. We would all then go in, and wait for Josh. I decided to dribble around a basketball and sit on the comp @ church for a bit surfing da net while waiting for Josh to come. He would arrive around 15 minutes late....or somethin like that, and we would end up starting practice around 3ish.  Today's practice seemed different though. I don't know if it was because of the hot chocolate, new year, or just a word of prayer before actual rehearsal, but practice ran really smooth today. We started off with a "Mini" Bible study....getting info out of the passage read, and seeing what songs could fit this week's theme (Promise of God's Help). We would get out some theme words like justice, love, mercy, and a few others which I seem to have difficulty remembering right now.....short term memory. Bah! Like it even exists. We then chose some songs.........which turned to be difficult but wasn't chaotic, and would eventually manage to choose six main pieces and one response piece. Oh yeah, Josh was eating out of his bag of cancer while we were doing this (McD's.....seriously you don't think it's food right?). I was already pretty tired out by Five, where we had a break for a bit. I was starving and raided da fridge where I would find chicken fingers.......BUT THEY AREN'T MICROWAVABLE! SERIOUSLY WTH!? They make microwavable pasta which is frickin disgusting yet food that isn't really food......more of a carb substitute they force you to bake. Why don't they make foods that are supposed to be healthy stay healthy.....and not shove it in a microwave safe box and zap it for however da hell many minutes it tells you to. First it tastes like crap and who really want's to eat microwaved tomato sauce? Kinda defeats the purpose of gourmet Italian dining.  We'd finish doing rehearsal around 630....ish. Wow......dinner was good..........Tofu......mmmmmmmmmmm.........beef........mmmmmmmm...............and of course Rice....mmmm. Food is good. Eventually I'd decide to go to Roger's Video and rent two movies. Saw Pirates of the Caribbean (Again) and Bowling for Columbine...which I always thought would be a gay movie till I saw it. Really points out facts you'd never realize....like why da heck Americans seem to think the answer of why their country is violent is because of a bloody history. Seriously, it looks like a drip of ketchup compared to British, Japanese, German, or Chinese history. Some of these wars......er revolutions last over 500 years and the Americans seem to brag and bitch about a 1 year revolution and seem to think it's the largest amount of bloodshed ever to occur. Oh yeah I really liked da brief history they made in that movie too........that was hilarious! Watching the Americans seeming to have some new fear introduced to them every decade. It doesn't exactly have a theme......more of sadness......relieved w/ comedy......then raised questions like why the heck do Americans always think that guns n ammo are the only way to solve problems. Ever heard of diplomats? Meh guess not, since they seem to still be convinced after almost a year that Saddam has WMD's even though they haven't been able to find any trace of one. Also not every building in Africa makes nuclear weaponry......some of them do make things we use like Aspirin. Smart idea bombing a legal drug factory.  Gonna sleep bit earlier tonight........and I still hate the time this stupid blogger runs by........it's around 2am and this stupid website seems to think in eastern time zone it's only 10pm. Well im out. Actually gonna sleep early for once.