1/2/04   First day of New Years: Work and some Chillin   Well, after the party ended @ 3am, I went home, talked on MSN for a bit, then went through a relaxing 10 hours of sleep.......oooh yes.....sleeping from 4am-2pm sure kicks ass.............sometimes. Well after waking up from a phone call from Gavin, I decided to haul my butt outta bed, did all da morning stuff, then headed downstairs for a lunch of porkchop *mmmmm.......porkchop* and of course.......the best substitute for potato.......rice. Well afterwards, decided to start up my careers project......finished one slide of presentation when Josh then called. Wanted to know if I could head to his house for a bit to hang out n stuff. Went. Wasn't bad......played some NFSU........eventually butchered the game in dragging into Tony Hawk imitation One with stunts like 360's and flying into a tunnel roof then ramming into a pole. Yeah, doesn't match up exactly to Tony Hawk, but closest you can get with stock Volkswagen Jetta GTI's.  Well, after that, we played a bit of fooseball. I lost to Josh when he played one handed. Yes I know I am pretty pathetic at fooseball, but meh, last time I played it was in August=P. Well my dad ended up picking me up around 6:30 or so.........in a truck. Oh yes, driving in a freight truck, realizing you are as tall as a house.....pretty exciting compared to sitting in a Mazda MPV for most of my drives around town. We went to pick up dinner at Golden Dragon *which by the way is probably the best Chinese Food joint in town* and wow.......i bump into my aunt, uncle, and cousin *I think Kora was her name or something like that.* Well, after talking to them for a bit, and paying for our food....we are on our way home......until my dad realized he's till in his truck and you can't really fit that thing in a residential area that well. So he dropped me off first, and the food, and then drove back to Ah Jau to pick up his car and park his truck.  Mmmmmmmm..........after dinner.....dinner was soooo good. Grandma and Uncle John came over. I just sat downstairs working on my careers project and talking about some HYPE issues with Josh. Eventually we both agreed to send out a e-mail to everyone about our aims and hopes for the fellowship this year. Also, I finally got the theme for the service this Sunday. Now I gotta find some music to go with this theme....."Promise of God's Help." Trying a hefty bit of brand new songs, no typical "Forever" or "Now That You're Near." That's the only problem I find with doing worship for service.....your choice of songs kinda runs dry after a while......I really don't know how those UWO kids find so many songs.....I struggle to find 5.  Well after finishing the 4 page long email *combined both my part and Josh's* we emailed it out. I had some trouble at first because hotmail is the most retarted email program in the world. Wouldn't even tell me what was wrong I had to find out commas don't work that well in email addresses. After that....meh decided to play some Starcraft *Old School Game* with some friends. Now......hmm.......it's around 2:40am. Gonna eat sometin, read up devos.....then probably sleep. I actually have to wake up before noon tomorrow. Have to pick up Vince's guitar and then pick up Carmen. Praise Team singing practice tomorrow. I REALLY need a drum teacher, or take the time to make up some new beats.