1/1/04   Fresh start to a Prosperous year (Well kinda fresh start)   Who woulda thought.....2003 really zoomed by. And already, it's 2004. Well......2003 was kinda a flash. I can barely remember what happened in 2002 and what in 2003. All I remember is a flash of movies, some kick ass sitcoms *Family Guy* and of course.......I got my PS2 this year ^_^. But of course, there were also the deficits of this year, like when the winter was short as hell *not as bad as right now though*. But snowboarding was still good. Then came summer. I started to breakdance a little bit again, and also I tried out some basketball. I've come to like it alright now. Overall I thought 2003 wasn't that bad of a year, even though there was SARS, blackout 2003, Mad cow disease.......the list of crap that happened to us this year goes ON and ON and ON. And who can forget Bush's efforts to take over half of Asia? What's next? Meh......either Iran or Saudi Arabia I bet. But in a way I suppose it could be a good thing......least supposedly we don't have to "worry" about WMD's hitting our borders anymore.  Well, spiritually, TC really did boost up my Christian walk. I mean honestly I've never really realized how important religion was until this year. Even though I only got to go one day of TC, personally I think my spiritual growth has really skyrocketed this year, with the forming of HYPE and being able to bring three new members to our english service that are around our age, I think that this year is an indicator that 2004 will be more successful. Also, relationships within our church I find have grown also, as there seems to be less hostilities than ever this year between the youths at my church, which of course is a good sign.  Yeah, so overlooking 2003, it was a good year, ending off with a nice party at Carmen's house, and of course kicking off the new year of 2004. Well the year sure kicked off for me really well......countdown just finishes, everyone's downstairs either sober or half-drunk....all of a sudden I get the TV remote. Then after channel surfing for about 30 seconds Lo and Behold.......I kick off my year by flicking to Porno by accident and with everyone just staring at a 60" gargantuan projector screen. Weirded out. Well yup this will be going down in my personal history until.....well I guess something else happens *maybe next year I'll accidentally tape it over a family video Idea courtesy of Jason* AND JOSH WOULDN'T MOVE. Oh well, it would all be forgotten *well not exactly but no one talked about it* after we saw Finding Nemo, which I have to admit was a well done movie for Disney. Geez that company's been unstoppable this year.....with Pirates of the Caribbean, Nemo, some other movie about bears, and all those stupid "exclusive" DVD's that no one would even give a crap about. For 2004, I guess I just hope that this year there won't be as many negative things happening in this world....and maybe hopefully see some more positive things. Also, I'm hoping to make it to both days of TC instead of one. I think that's basically my new year's resolution right there. Yeah I know, it isn't the biggest resolution, but it'll take more than being sick from "Da Been Lo" to keep me from going to day 2 this year =P(It's almost been a year and well whadya know I still haven't forgot it). Well obviously I have high hopes for HYPE to keep on growing, both spiritually and in size, and another thing I'm hoping for this year is probably that the church may grow also. And for myself.........I want to try to finish all my community hours and also I want my own frickin TV in my room. Heh, funny......parents said they would get me a cell phone in october and LOOK NOW...........TWO THOUSAND FREAKING FOUR and I'm still stuck here with a quarter and calling card. Grr..............Oh well, I have bigger fish to fry.....probably too many.....LCD screen, speakers, photo printer, Adidas shell toes.......wow the list goes on and on for stuff I want for 2004.  Well, now's about the time where I sleep, make a few thoughts about whether I really will be commited enough to blog everyday, and think of ways to make life interesting. Well I'm off to sleep now.......Happy New Year to everyone......wow I can't wait till Chinky New Year now.....that's probably a holiday that beats new year. $$$,food, and alcoholic drinks........beats food and just alcoholic drinks at new years.