2/29/04   Leap Year Day Blog! Exclusive every four years! So Read SHMUCK!   ONE DAY, ONE DAY, ONE DAY ONLY! This is the one and only unique.........LEAP YEAR DAY BLOG! Ehehehe.......or not. Hmm......what's so great about leap year anyways? Just wastes more time.....and makes your year one day longer. And like I said before it postpones TC. Grr. But it was a pretty good day still....got a few things done........and had Adrian over for a bit. And of course church in the morning...which was actually pretty amusing today. I liked today's day in church a lot  ^_^. I actually heard more than 70% of it today lol. It was a good message too.....about pressing onward towards a goal......like........football, well that was the analogy that Pastor Mackness used. but more on that after the beginning of my day......  Make this short.......Woke up, ate, picked up Jason, and we are well on our way to church.  Today at english service.....well Gavin had to do worship alone. Though many of us did offer to help out.....well none of us were really prepared....so he flew solo today. Did a decent job too.....until he kinda played 3/4 time for a 4/4 time song. Gavin's as good as subdividing as he is at badminton (BURN!). Just kiddin' man I know I'm worse lol. Well today's message was about "Pressing onward toward the goal," which if I didn't hear wrong the goal being heaven. Well I think it is at least. Pastor Mackness used sports a lot in his analogies today.....which really caught my attention ^_^. He talked about football......about how the offence has to press onward towards the endzone to achieve their goal, and also how they can start from anywhere, but their goal is still the same. They will also meet obstacles on the way, and sometimes it may even take 3 plays on the goal line before the touchdown comes. But the point is.......we are still aiming for the goal, and if we are strong enough *look at this from football or spiritually* we will break through all obstacles and succeed. He also talked about runners too.....especially about the one in the 60's that had a childhood in legbraces *think her name was Wilma or sometin* and in the end she was the 100m champion in the Olympics. But yeah service seemed so short today......it actually passed by real well. I then talked to Pastor Mackness about his sermon. Think I said a few words too many like "Today's sermon I liked....normally your other ones are kinda you know.....boring ehehe" OOps=P. I meant it in an encouraging way heehehe.....k yeah I was pretty cornered by then......mentally lol. Well after that went downstairs to chat for a bit...like usual and for some snacks after service.  Hmm......we really just chatted around.......then class started. Talked a lot about school. Mostly about how Gr. 10 math is retarted.....and how U of Waterloo apparently has a Biotechnology/Chartered Accountancy course? HUH? I was pretty confused then lol. And then to class.  Class lesson today........we learned about different names that God has had throughout history.....Jehovah, Elohim, under Jehovah there were A LOT of names. Hmm......Sarah *Pow Pow* came again today.....that was good to see. She kinda fell asleep.....but least she made the effort to come. I guess attention in class will come in time. Rome wasn't built in one day as they say =P.  Well then took Jason home, and had lunch. My afternoon of going to buy some new shoes maybe plus maybe a few new clothes was kinda foiled when no one could give me a lift lol. So I improvised w/ comp and some SC. Talked to Lindsay and Company on MSN for a while lol. Did some pre planning for next saturday lol since it takes us friggin forever to plan sometin. Then called Adrian over for a bit......well from 5-9 lol. Did lots of stuff. Silent Hill 3 *which we got scared shitless at some parts* played some NFSU, DDR w/ controller *not mat* and tried to mix songs w/ PCDJ. Meh....wasn't that bad. Oh yeah also got him a copy of sc=P.  So yeah today wasn't all that bad. I mean I pre planned for the week, chilled with Age, went to church, and of course.......blogged. So yeah I'm out for the night........Later. G'nite.