1/29/04   WHOO! DONE EXAMS AND LONG WEEKEND!   Yes I'M FINALLY DONE! Not exactly Navy SEALS hell week just yet....but it's a high schooler's version of it. Dreaded exam week. Well today wasn't extremely exciting...... nor was it very long. I woke up late and I'll probably sleep early for once. *GASP.*  Well since my music exam wasn't until 2, I slept in till 11. Actually originally my plan was to sleep until 9 and practice but screw that I thought, which I now regret. I ate, played a wee  bit, then left.  Today was the final day of exams. For some people it was a holiday......but for me I had my dreaded music exam as mentioned before. And dreaded it was. Slaugtherhouses probably look better than the sound that was coming out of my trombone today. But I don't think I did THAT bad. Least I think I passed. Hopefully. Well after going through that, I got out of the music room and was on my way to.........  GETTING MY LCD MONITOR!!!!!^_^  YAY! I got to the place around 3, and picked it up. Boxes for these things are so small compared to CRT ones. It was like a briefcase. Well anyways yeah after that I got home.  Goodbye 7 year old radiation CRT.....Hello Flatscreen LCD. My old CRT probably emitted more radiation than the Nuke in Hiroshima. Low Radiation my ass. Well maybe for 97 it was. But anyways.......yeah I finally got LCD monitor. Really happy w/ it =P. I can actually turn my monitor brightness up and my eyes don't burn. Whoo hoo!^_^.  Actually SC wasn't bad. Played w/ Alex and Jason for a bit. Then one of Jason's old clan members came and we played a 3v4 melee game. Well it was looking good at the beginning........Until Jason fell apart. Then he ran to my base, where I held out for the both of us. His friend *Sauron- is his B.Net name* then fell apart when a fleet of BC's came and clobbered him. Then my base was the center of fighting. 3 people trying to hold out on a spit of land meant for only one person. It made HK look like a rural area. That's how crowded it was. It was a piece of land with a missle turret around every corner and other buildings to replace the ground that has no buildings. Well it was pretty funny to watch. Got REALLY crowded. But I can't really describe it in a funny way.  Anyways....see like I said I didn't do much today. Just did music exam then went out for afternoon. Then SC'd, CS'd, Drummed and stuff for a bit and that's basically it. Well I'm gone. I wanna sleep.