2/28/04   Blasted Leap year postponing TC...Bah.   It's unfortunate how much difference one day can make. I was at my piano lesson today and when I read the date "February 28th" I thought SWEET TOMORROW'S MARCH! Wait.........is it a leap year? D'OH! *Ugh* Now I gotta wait an extra 24 hours for TC. It's actually a really exciting time. Other than the fact I can escape this blasted hicktown that I live in.....well a "city" in Canadian standards, but also just the fact that going to a conference w/ so many other Christians....really is an awesome feeling. But other than that....my Saturday was pretty mellow.......not exciting......or boring........but.....so-so.  Due to piano practice.......I had to wake up earlier than usual. But I had some of THE most peculiar dreams ever. Unfortunately I don't remember the dreams that well now......but I just remember waking up and going.....=S. This is why I should write out an outline for my blog earlier in the day maybe lol. Some thing I want to put in......never get put in. Dreams to me are vital. They do so much in life. If it weren't for dreams we could never imagine the unimaginable. Also they can poise so many questions in life. If I remember correctly....I think it was another dream about our church in the future. Hmm...Deja Vu? or if there's a French term for "same subject of dreaming twice in a row?" *Shrug* I think that I think just a wee bit too much on that subject. But there's some food for thought on what I think a lot about.....dreams. Maybe I've been influenced by the Joseph in the Bible...the dream interpreter I mean not the one that Mary was married to.....or maybe I just like to think about things like this.  Well after 60 minutes of playing the piano *I ACTUALLY PLAYED MORE THAN 200 MINUTES THIS WEEK!* I had well.....brunch. Snow peas have become a fav food of mine now. I'm not a vegetarian....but I'm a fan of veggies. I'd prefer Chicken Caesar over Steak. Wait scrap that hell no I'll just prefer it over a burger......steak is another story lol. And I realize chicken is a meat. But yeah had some of that w/ some beef......and of course the universal food that goes with anything.....Rice. And some milk instead of tea for once. So yeah after that it was off to piano.....where I'd realize that this year's a leap year *crappage.*  Well a different twist in cars too. Dad took a test drive of the Kia Sorento *mid-size SUV from the imitation Hyundai company.* Actually the car's not horrible. The interior I like a lot.....but I still hate the name brand. It's kinda like how I prefer the Mazda Tribute over the Ford Escape though they are the EXACT same car almost. Different names though =P. But the Kia isn't bad at all. It was actually a decent car. But off to piano now...  Piano was alright. I've decided to do Gr. 8 exam next January. And apparently Mrs. Mitsis has a whole plan to have me conquer Gr. 8 and 9 piano in one year. I would do grade 8 exam in January.......work my ass off until June and then do my Gr. 9 exam in June. Possible? Yes? Great chances of it happening? Maybe. Doing all that and still succeeding in theory and school? That will require some thinking lol. But I'm thinking this could work.....WHO NEEDS GR. 11 MARKS IN SCHOOL =P. Me. Yes Shut up I realize that I need both.  Well when I got home..........I started "planning" to go to Masonville w/ Caitlin, Rebecca, Sarah, Lindsay, and well.....Hammond. Hammond didn't really help at all though probably caused more chaos than good lol. Well originally it was either movie or just chill @ the mall......but the Hammond added we hang out at his place. So we would spend 30 minutes figuring out which one to do.......then in the end I kinda thought "Hmm.......it's 2:30.......dun really wanna just go do sometin for an hour and a half and then go home" so I kinda dropped out. But in the end...Sarah couldn't go to the mall anyways since she had to babysit....so it was down to two choices.....Hammond's or Mall. Hmm........then it went to one.....but that was after another 30 minutes. Hammond finally actually asked if we could go to his place and the answer: No. So yeah.....this kinda pissed off a few of us, the fact that we spent an hour deciding over nothing basically. So yeah...in the end only the girls went. Oh yeah and lesson learned from that: When planning w/ Lindsay, Rebecca, Sarah and Caitlin plus Hammond......PLAN 7 DAYS AHEAD!  Well so I stayed on MSn a bit. Made plans to throw around the football on the street w/ Patrick for a bit. But before that......talked to Jenn and Gerty on MSN for a bit. Yeah recalled TC memories......and Jenn convinced Gerty to use Friendster. Lol Jenn seemed to have some competition w/ "Joe I convinced Gerty to use Friendster you lose!" I didn't realize there was a competition but in that case........Blast I lost. Wow look at that emotion.....*zzZZZzz.* But yeah good times........can't wait to meet up w/ them, Ju and everyone else from TC again this March Break. Wonder if I'll even see em @ TC....I mean 500 people....might be kinda hard to find em......=P. Hmm then again I wonder how many Asians really wear Adidas tracksuits lol. Referring to me by the way you slow shmucks.  And then I went to hang out w/ Patrick. Threw around the football then played some PS2. True Crime can be kinda fun when you're bored lol. We kinda just ran around the city doing random drive-by's, roadkilled some people and imitated the movie "Speed." You know the one w/ Keanu Reeves, some chick and they are struggling to keep a bus going so it won't explode? Yeah we imitated that lol.......but failed miserably when we rolled down a hill because apparently.......buses don't have enough horsepower to make it up a hill lol. And I decided to try a Jackie Chan maneuvre by jumping off a freeway.....but kinda got foiled when my dude died hitting the ground. So yeah did that and then went to Wendy's.....then HYPE.   Wendy's not much to say. Well she dyed her hair again......it's red now. She kinda was gettin peeved at me not noticing.....eheheheheheh sorry 'bout that by the way Wendy but yeah.......she kinda got mad at me for that =P. Ehehehehe=D. Well after that........I quickly ate.....waited around for dad and then me and Jason got driven to church.  Tonight we had.....well a spiritual version of Sex Ed. It.........was kinda weird. I guess I'd never think about having a thing like that at a church........but......well.......it kinda "flowed" along. Well before that...I got the crap scared out of me by Pastor Mackness when I was going down the stairs *Can pastors scare the living daylights out of a church member? lol* and also we had a few exciting games of chess. We butcher the game so bad it's not even funny. Well first game I sorta took over a evened out game between Gavin and Calvin....then kinda made it one sided for myself when I kinda slaughtered Calvin's army....er "army." Then the first game against Jason. Offense never beats Defense =P, as I would show in Game 1 as I absolutely killed Jason. But 2nd game......well technically I lost........pointwise but we aren't playing by that are we hehe. So yeah.........I lost all my pieces......cept my King and Jason still had King, Queen, and a Knight. he still never checkmated me lmao. Our game stopped when Pastor Mackness stopped us for the fellowship to officially commence. Oh yeah and the others had a seriously pathetic game of Twister lol.  The video......was featuring an American woman. She had an awesome message though. And her charisma reminds me of that motivational speaker we had this year at the beginning in September. She had some jokes......but also her message was really serious. It was about how intercourse is really a gift from God that shouldn't be altered from its status. In simplified terms......don't do it until after marriage. It's really benefiting though in the end I guess....won't have to go through all the annoying crap @ 30 when you're only 15, 16, etc. So really its saving you trouble. Heh and she also brought up another subject, the fact that after sex girls and guys care WAAAY more about pregnancy than something like STD's. And how abortion can bite you in the ass........she told a story about how some girl had abortion......but while they were taking out the baby they kinda pulled out her intestinal tract by accident *shudder* or sometin like that and the fact she was hemorraging afterwards, and had to go through ER. Now she can't have kids or go the the bathroom properly. That kinda gave me the creeps. But yeah there were a few funny jokes she told.......like the one about how she used to always wonder why teens seem to not understand the concept of sex w/ only your marriage partner and after marriage......but then again the President of the United States seems to not understand this "complicated" concept either. This video I'm guessin was made in 98 when Bill Clinton had the affair w/ Lewinsky. Dissed by his own country's citizen on a worldwide video. Ouch=P.  Well got home now.......and I am blogging. This one might not be THAT exciting....but *shrug.* Like I said it was just another average day. But yeah...........13 days and counting before March break.....and 18 more days until Senior TC 2004. WHOO! Lates.