2/26/04   Day Two of being Half Blind.....Fun.   Well by now my eyes are slowly getting back to normal....but that wasn't the situation at 7am. Car ride to school......boy I wish I had bought sunglasses when I had the chance. Basically all lighting is fine right now.....but when I walk outside and the sun reflects.......it's like Calvin's description of walking into STA: GAAAH SO BLINDING! *STA=Lots of white people.* But most of the day wasn't that bad. At least my pupils are almost back to normal size....only cover 2/3 of my iris now instead of 99%. Day was pretty average.....school then home. I was kinda over the top though in math class. And I'll start with my day in 3...2...1...  *BAUNG!*  7:30am: Joe wakes up to another brightly illuminated day. Stupid Sun. GAAAAAAAH HIS EYES ARE IN PAIN! WHAT WILL OUR HERO DO NOW? SUFFER FOR THE NEXT......6 HOURS!*dun dun dun!* Anyways I did usual morning routine.......then got a ride to school. No good music on this morning. Crap on Energy...Crap on FM96...Crap on 103.9...106.9 I never liked...Grace FM....wasn't really in the mood this morning to listen to it. And got to school. And it was blinding. And I'm happy that school's don't have super big windows.  We watched a video on the life of Adolf Hitler today.....since we are doing World War II. Hitler's childhood really sucked. He had a dad that beat him and he didn't have many friends, though he did have high marks in school. And then he got turned down from some Vienna art school many times, fought in WWI, and then some other stuff happened *he got put in jail for a bit.* Then he kinda started WWII. But yeah Hitler never really had a great life. And of course most of us know what happened in WWII. Anyways yeah that was most of history class. Ms. Manson kinda yelled at us because apparently some people were doing work from other classes. Someone needs to calm down o_0. But yeah after that came civics.....between the time switching looked over a few civics notes....well tried and failed miserably.  Civics. First thing Hammond says when he sees my pupils is "Joe are you baked?" No I'm not. We had a quiz...........then talked about our editorial cartoons. Lindsay, me Hammond and Dave were a group. Lindsay failed miserably at talking bout hers so Hammond kinda covered up for her lol. Looked at "Media Spin" afterwards. Looked at the front page of Globe and Mail and London Free Press from Tuesday. I never noticed.......but the headlines are REALLY different. London Free Press talks a lot more about local stuff, while the Globe talks about international. That makes me kinda think twice now when I want to subscribe for newspapers. Comics....or world issues? GAH! These can be difficult things to choose......if Globe and Mail had comics though they would kill London Free Press. And then lunch.  The struggle to walk to Jasper's. When you have dilated eyes. Oooooowwwwwwww......And then ate. Mmmm food. Coffee was REALLY good today. Mixed four different kinds.......and added LOTS of sugar. It was good. ^_^. Thompson  got a pretty nice meal today for only 4.75. A whole breakfast plus a coffee. I had a Bagel. Crap.  Math.......yeah I was wired. VERY wired lol. That pretty much says everything for math. Normally I mean I'll sometimes make a few jokes and laugh a bit...but today was kinda over the edge. I think Mr. Gilbert thought I was probably stoned or something lol. Big Pupils+my stupidity in math class=Debatable Stonedness. Don't worry I wasn't stoned....just very Hyper. lol. Learned something about roots and stuff. With numbers outside of square rooted numbers. Nick and me were pretty confuzzled. Mophead seemed to sorta understand it.  Programming......my project's quality is degrading rapidly. Least my marks are decent...84 in programming. Wee! not much else happened. That was the main climax. I still don't get how Dejan can make his so good. Me and Pokan kinda have the same type of project....except his is NBA and mine's NHL. Lots of people are doing sports. Brandon is also doing Hockey....Original Six.  And home.......bused, talked to Ryan on the bus.........and now I'm at home.  Not much else to say. Upcoming things for tonight: Piano practice and studying for Physics. Later. Yeah like I said today wasn't that excited......just blinding. For me.