2/25/04   Wee.....I know what it feels like to see far things but not close things!   And of course today was.....EARLY DISMISSAL! Although it was that, I had to spend most of my afternoon at the optometrist......eye examination. Apparently last time she wasn't able to finish everything so I had to make a second appointment. Wow......this waas one of the most messed up eye examinations I've ever had. But first my regular school day. I'll have more on half blindness later =P.  First thing that happened was Band. Today actually didn't go too bad. Our band was able to basically play out a whole song in 15 minutes. That was pretty cool. Oh yeah and the new song we learned.........the Trombones get to do do that "gliss" thing. You know when you see in cartoons n stuff the trombone person slides the slide up and down and makes that really funky noise? WE GET TO DO IT! It's kinda fun....sorta. Seems more fun when you do it for fun though. That was the highlight of band really.....umm.......played some songs........and apparently Mr. Clark did think we sounded good out in Huntsville. Even we think we sounded bad but meh, if he says it's good......I guess it's good. Oh yeah....and the one day I decide to wear my Adidas Tracksuit......So does Zavitz. I had my black one and he had his red one. GRRRR! I want like a Dark green one if there's such thing. THAT would be nice.  Well in music.......Mr. McCumber was actually normal for once and didn't PMS.....but Thompson did.  Apparently Mitch and Lauren took all the good new percussion parts, leaving Thompson either bells or.....that one where it has all the little parts. Hahaha. Yeah that basically summarizes music. And of course the usual boredom. Not much else I can think of.......so......off to science.  Handed in two labs, and then prepped for Friday's test.....bleh.  Lunch........crammed for bio w/ Tehm, Rachel and Underhill. Circulatory system is VERY retarted, especially when you have Ms. Wiener as a teacher. She's more useless than the textbook put it that way. Anyways yeah we crammed for the whole lunch which was only 45 minutes since its Early Dismissal today. So now....time for..........  *DUN DUN DUN*  CIRCULATORY UNIT TEST! GAH! ARGH! EEK! CRAP! DOH! ERGH!  It was REALLY hard........and I was suffering in there. When you're half sick writing a test.......it's REALLY not that fun. But it woulda been difficult both ways.....when someone in your class has a 98 average in bio *won't mention names* and still panicks about this test....you know that if you have an 89 average in bio *me* you're basically screwed over unless you studied like you'd eat pie. I'm saying this in hopes you like eating pie. So yeah........50 minutes of that grueling crap and then English class..  Had a small quiz. Wasn't much. Probably failed because I kinda didn't do the homework =P. Read Act III.....Shakespeare by now is VERY disturbing. And I'll summarize what happened since most people have probably read this play Apparently Juliet is already married to Romeo.....but then her father not knowing this decides to make her marry some Prince. Mrs. Gayed actually made a pretty nice remark about that though:  "Unless you live in Utah, I'm sure that marrying two people is still considered disgusting and illegal."  Yeah that got most of the class cracking......if it didn't get you. And if it didn't.....shut up that's not my humour there that's my teachers.  I AM STILL AWESOME!   And then YAY! HOMETIME! AT 1230!? OF COURSE IT'S EARLY DISMISSAL! So bused home with Ryan.....and then got home and got ready for eye exam. Ate basically. Mmmm...........Porkchops......and.......Snowpeas. MMMMmmmmmmmmm. Food.......  And now for my exciting story of my stinkin' eye exam.  Well when I got there.......she was still out on her lunch break. So I waited around in that coffee shop in Sears for a bit...drank coffee obviously or why would I be in a coffee shop and then went back at 230. Apparently all she wanted to do was give me these drops to relax my eye muscles. Two kinds to be exact. The first kind of drops kinda felt like she was pouring Sprite in my eye, and the second one I felt like regular drops......so now I was supposed to come back in 45 minutes so the drops could work their way in my eyes. Now I wouldn't know what these would do until AFTER I looked in a mirror......HOLY SHIT MY PUPILS ARE AS BIG AS MY.......Iris? I think that's what it's called......you know the part that's coloured? Anyways it wasn't brown anymore.....it was black. Oh yeah I noticed something was wrong when I walked outside...and the sun seemed REALLY bright. Anyways back to the Optometrist now......apparently my eyes are bout the same....just my right eye is being more and more blind. Wee. Left eye is still the same basically =P. And then.....Now to suffer the rest of the day half blind....can't walk around outside or my eyes kill........so I thought NAP TIME!  *WUMP* Sleeep............yay!  And now I'm awake.....my Pupils are still immense......and I can only see things more than two feet away from me. So yeah I'm kinda trying to get around homework, Piano theory, piano practice, and attempting to identify the keys on the keyboard while typing. I seem to be having success......oh yes typing at 90wpm does have its advantages. I basically have this 104 key piece of crap memorized. Anyways I'm off now......still got work to do.....and still live my life with pupils bigger than my iris. Cya.