2/24/04   Dream A Dream...   A new approach to my blog.....since I just woke up from a nap my mind is sorta a fresh new slate. But that was AFTER my boggled mind when I was napping. I have two particular dreams I remembered..........one about my church and one about LCD monitors. LCD Monitors? Yes I know it seems weird.........but it seemed as though it was about them taking over....with some moustached dude lol. Funny part is I've never seen this person before. It's almost like when I dreamed about people having no pupils......when I never saw that in my life before back when I was young. By the way I am not a GOTH.......or anything like that.....but I find it interesting how sometimes I can dream about things that I've never seen. Then it poses me with questions of whether God is making me have those dreams or some other supernatural force? But I'm not about to explain that.  As for my church dream.....well it was interesting. I kinda well..........ENVISIONED sorta I guess my English congregation being a bustling service. However....there was no change to the building. We are in the same building as we are now.....except in my dream there were a few new light switches. It was interesting though. If you were to ask me to interpret this.........it seems as though something's telling me.....that it doesn't matter what you're church looks like *my church is kinda small* but it matters on the state of the people. It was really interesting though how this dream even came about. People I remember from it include some people from my school.....and some lady that resembles someone off TV. I think that came in just because I watched Prime Time ABC. But the other people.......either God may be telling me to evengelize to these people.....or my mind just added them in as cameos since I can't think of anyone else. And I also had a dream about evangelizing over MSN. I think I've been on the comp too much these two days.  Well something there to think about......now to my day.  Day one......meaning I have history first period. Well we had a test today on the 30's........and it was kinda easy....so I'm not really panicking. But doesn't matter......we are doing World War Two....and back in grade 7 and 8 me and some people kinda went WW2 trigger happy after Enemy At the Gates. And that stuff kinda carried through grade 9. So yeah my history mark is gonna be good. ^_^.  And then now off too good old boring civics. Oh wait I forgot......I'M IN THE SAME ROOM! The boredom, sleepy attidude civics class has. But today's class actually wasn't that bad. We talked about editorial cartoons and actually had less than 10 pages of notes to take. WHOO! That was fairly interesting......sorta. But the editorial cartoons part was great. Ms. Manson actually did something amusing for once! So basically all class we looked through all these newspapers about cartoons. Some of them I didn't get at all......but others were pretty funny. Lots are talking about the Liberal Tax Scandal, and how Paul Martin basically got given a falling apart Government. Poor dude. Oh well....looks like the Liberals are gone next election.....probably =P.  Lunch.....I went to Galleria. I ate from International Soups. I ate pancakes. I went back to school and played some basketball.  Math class........yeah like usual me Mike Nick and John led the loudness wars. And like usual Maggie and Becky and them had to suffer=P. I'm actually sorry if I cause any distruption........ok I won't lie I can't help it sometimes.......but I'm sorry I cause a distruption......this time it's for real. In fact yeah I think I'll try to pay attention more and not act like a jackass. Maybe my mark will go up even. NO WAY!  Programming class.........yes the quality of my Hyperstudio project drops drastically from photoshop to crap pics off the web =P. Well anyways today instead of Mr. Dayus we had........either Ms. Hurley or Ms. Howard. The two look the same to me. But anyways yeah we "programmed" all class. Overheard some bet between Hermann and Pokan for one dollar. BIG SPENDERS!  Then bused home.........chatted with Zavitz and Underhill about a Inner City Olympics. What would happen if Harlem or Compton had an Olympics? With events like "Popping caps into a car" or "DRIVE-BY!" The Olympic Federation would go from 1 million viewers to 0. Ha....Ha....Ha? Ok maybe it's not that funny to some......but at the moment it was pretty funny with random stuff like that popping up.....the event thinking was probably the most challenging.....but funny.  Anyways............got home and went straight to bed. So friggin tired these last few days.  *WUMP* *Four hours later*  And now I'm awake yet again....blogging and going to start homework soon. Gonna go eat first though. Later.