2/23/04   And the boredom of school strikes yet again....*sigh*    A teacher is using the "scientific method" to teach the class about evolution...  TEACHER: Tommy do you see the tree outside? TOMMY: Yes. TEACHER: Tommy, do you see the grass outside? TOMMY: Yes. TEACHER: Go outside and look up and see if you can see the sky. TOMMY: Okay. (He returned a few minutes later) Yes, I saw the sky. TEACHER: Did you see God? TOMMY: No. TEACHER: That's my point. We can't see God because he isn't there. He doesn't exist.  A little girl spoke up and wanted to ask the boy some questions. The teacher agreed and the little girl questioned the boy.  LITTLE GIRL: Tommy, do you see the tree outside? TOMMY: Yes. LITTLE GIRL: Tommy do you see the grass outside? TOMMY: Yessssss (getting tired of the questions this time). LITTLE GIRL: Did you see the sky? TOMMY: Yessssss. LITTLE GIRL: Tommy, do you see the teacher? TOMMY: Yes LITTLE GIRL: Do you see the teacher's brain? TOMMY: No. LITTLE GIRL: Then according to what we were taught today in school, she must not have one!   Thought I'd add that in first. Somethin I read off of my HYPE Counsellor JT's Blog. Thought it was pretty interesting....and funny also ^_^. But off to the rest of my day...  First off I'm surprised at the hits I've got from my Huntsville blog. Turns out people do look at my site when something exciting happens in my life =P. It went up almost 150 from before the post....that was pretty interesting to see. And apparently lots of people from school read my amazingly amazing blog =P. I told you guys the blog would be  AWESOME! . But after that wild weekend.....and relaxing Sunday, came the dreaded.........day of.................MONDAY! *dun dun dun!* Yes it is quite depressing....after a week like that it'd seem like there is no such thing as school. But yes unfortunately we do have school still, though today was kinda fun....especially biology class. I will never think the same of a heart again *ugh.* And of course who could ever forget music class.......so boring and stupid. But is probably the best class to talk to people ^_^. Anyways without further blabbing about that here's a basic summary of my day. Basic as in my usual blog *hee hee hee.*  I awoke at around.......7:20. Tired and still weary from yesterday's 6 hour sleep......I REALLY didn't wanna go to school. Especially since today's a day two. WAAH! I wanna stay home. Well anyways I got up, ate a quick breakfast of well........rice and snowpeas w/ beef......and then left for school, the depressing designation my school building has. *sigh.* Well today's drive to school wasn't that bad. Told stories of the infamous Huntsville Trip....and also listened to the newly formed Grace FM 105.9. They actually sound pretty good....familiar songs I heard are "All in All," and also this other one......but I forgot the title....but it's a really good song. I really like this new station. Has really good music ^_^. Though I haven't heard any like Stacie Orrico or Thousand Foot Krutch yet, but that'll come in time. For now I think Rebecca St. James and Chris Tomlin are just fine.  Trudging into music......I saw Rebecca, Caitlin and Sarah L. looking at.....well.......notes? At first I thought they were pictures......but nope....they were bio notes lol. I actually got to school relatively early today.....which is a change from the usual diving for the bell. At first Mr. Richardson came into the room and I was thinkin "YES NO MR. McCUMBER!" That all faded away.....well more like plummeted away very quickly when Mr. McCumber entered the room. Blast. Gagh. Argh. Oh well, least he wasn't having his daily mood swings today, or "releasing his Volcano." Yeah up until now I still think he REALLY needs counselling. Well we didn't do much since Huntsville was over, so we just worked on that Gambolier song. Oh yeah and then Rebecca reminded me.......WE HAD ENGLISH H/W! D'OH!  Then was time for science. Well today we had a lab.....and also we caught up on what the Huntsville kids missed. We did a lab where we were in the halls and had people run, walk, and crabwalk 30 metres. Obviously the running had the best time but crabwalk and walk had about the same amount of time. Then the Huntsville kids did a lab w/ toy cars going across a workbench. It was pretty amusing when Mr. Roxburgh *our sub teacher for Curphey* was all set to let the first car rip.....then the engine died lol. That was kinda amusing....and Rhoden almost got kicked out of the classroom. Could only be one reason. Can't be rascism since he's white, and it can't be because he's loud because I'd be gone if that happened.....IT'S CUZ HES A FRIGGIN JACKASS! There. Said. Done. And that concludes another day of dreaded Gr. 10 science.   Well......since Rebecca reminded me I had english homework today.....I ended up sitting inside for the whole lunch doing english. Yeah that took up most of the lunchtime. Well least we weren't the only people. Chatted w/ Maggie and Jess Whittaker for a bit, and Chris near the end. Well in the end I didn't finish everything, so I just did what I could and then off to biology class. Really I coulda finished just that......I'm REALLY lazy....and I really don't feel like doing anything at lunch, especially without food. So I then packed up and headed upstairs for bio.......wee.  DISSECTION DAY! Whoo Hoo! I TOTALLY forgot today was pig's heart dissection day! Was lots of fun ^_^. Just the fact that I got to perform an inscision on an ORGAN.......wow I feel like those surgery shows on TLC. Except without the blood since the heart hasn't been in a organism for months probably.....maybe years =S. But it was fun. At first I thought this heart was pretty crappy......since I couldn't see jack squat through all the fat around the heart. But then.........actually before I say what happens you might wanna close your eyes or something to skip this part.  *ehem ehem*  Yeah anyways at first the heart looked like crap.....but after cutting the heart in half......and then revealing the atriums and ventricles.......IT WAS COOL. Then I decided I'd shove my finger through the aorta to find out where the end was. Wow........turns out the heart has LOTS of holes. Vena Cava, Aorta, Pulmonary Vein, etc.  *EHEM EHEM*  Ok and back to the rest of class. Cleaned up and stuff...........and then chatted a bit before next class. It was kind of interesting though dissecting the heart. It looks like an apple lol. Anyways yeah that's what we did through bio class.......but it was A LOT of fun.....though it may sound sickening to some people. At first the stench of the hearts were unbearable....but when the aroma fills the room.......you get used to it after a while.  English class....we read............and then read Romeo and Juliet.  Stage Band X we got commemorated on our performance.....and then left.  See........today wasn't that bad.........actually English class was kinda funny......since reading Romeo and Juliet can be funny. Fishified apparently is a word in the english language lol. Also when you don't know what to add for a sound effect........use Zing. Yeah you have to be in my class to laugh at that.....and if you don't remember YOU'RE CUT!  That's basically my day........and upcoming for the night: studying for history/civics test, math h/w, and science and bio if I can get to it. And of course some good old SC. Later.