2/22/04   tired......very tired   Hmm....well looking back on my weekend:  Huntsville, HYPE sleepover, and now Sunday.......TOTALLY burned out.  Oi this morning felt so weird when I woke up. I could barely move. But church is always a great way to start a new week.......so of course I woke up. So basically I woke up 20 minutes before we left, quickly grabbed some oatmeal to eat then left. Picked up Jason then headed to church.  Today since it was reading week for the UWO students.....wasn't really that populated. But oh well.....doesn't matter we are still there for the same reason, and that is to worship the Lord. Today's message was about  "Wanting to Really Know Christ." Now unfortunately I was pretty tired from the week, but that wasn't a prime reason. Prime reason why I don't remember that well was just that the sermon didn't really.......hit me. I mean some of the other sermons I remember very well. I mean up until now, I still remember that one sermon from Reverend Li about looking like a follower of God w/ the analogy of clothes, and how people can be judged easily by their clothing. But today's sermon, I do remember two of the prayer items in particular:  -Victor in Australia recently had a car accident *pray for healing* -The movie Passions  Victor I've known for a bit now since he originally attended LCAC, and truthfully he was the one that introduced me into serving Christ in the congregation.  He also really showed me how powerful one's love for God is, as he was the one that bought the church drum set. Up until now I look up to that, and hope one day I'll be able to do something like that. And the movie Passions, which is coming out February 25th, has brought up lots of issues. I mean lots of people have said the movie is anti-semetic, which I don't believe, but also many think that this is an amazing portrayal of Christ's last 12 hours of life. I myself haven't said anything as I haven't seen it, and I can't wait.  Well yeah unfortunately I can't remember the message extremely well.....sorry people =(. But we did have some visitors to do worship. Matthew and Sherene Bahadurs. They had a good lively worship for us, though one of Matt's strings broke on the guitar. But great recovery. And also......like always.....we shouldn't really worry about that as worship isn't about the instrument, it's about your heart. The instrument is just a tool to help. But now yeah off to Bible Study time.  As usual talked for a bit, but today Rev. Mackness put on a video of Primetime ABC. Showed us the interview w/ Mel Gibson about his new film Passions. I guess this film will be pretty epic, with so much to talk about it that they even had a full feature interview with the director, Mel. He spoke a lot about his spiritual life, and how he spent nearly $30 million of his own money on this film. It was pretty cool.......and then after class.......well..............Calvin started up his own Beyblade war with plastic cups. His intelligence has officially hit rock bottom lol. Actually probably did that years ago. But anyways.....yeah I was pretty tired today so I really wanted to get home.......got home and then.........  *WUMP* SLEEP!.  *Two hours later*  "I awoke two hours later, dazed and confused in the dark..." Ok if you don't know what that is that's from Family Guy when Peter was narrating his life and just woke up from being hit by Lois w/ a frying pan. Well today wasn't that excited.......lots of thinking though. Reflected on week while I was lying in bed.......wow haven't done this reflecting stuff in ages. I was planning to maybe do my devos......but I was REALLY tired....I didn't even bother moving my arm to fluff my pillows. But yeah.....thought back into Thursday on the way to Huntsville, Back from Huntsville, what we coulda done to improve performance @ the school, what I should have done in Huntsville Spiritually, HYPE, etc etc. I sat there for at least 30 minutes I think. Got interrupted by Jason for SC....and that pretty much halted my train of thought. But yeah these memories.......ain't gonna go away for a LONG time.....I still find the attempt to teach Teefy and Whitney Cantonese was hilariious w/ the "DEEM Ah WHITNEY!" "DEEM Ah TEEFY!" and of course the bubbling hostility between many of the students now and Mr. Baldwin. Personally I don't blame it all on Mr. Baldwin....but yeah I was sorta ticked off @ the time when we coulda stopped at Timmy's, or Mr. Sub, or Wendy's. Oh yeah and up until now.......I really don't see the fascination of Chinese. I mean when I was on the phone:  *Joe gets off phone* Thompson: LOL Joe how do you speak Chinese man? Joe: Maybe because I am Chinese? Hammond, Thompson, Mitch and some other people: It's just funny how you talk in Chinese then throw in an English word Lots of people: YEAH!...  And then this was the part where I taught the girls how to say What's Up and they kinda butchered it......but it was funny......and taught Thompson how to refine his "MM Ho Gao Ngor" a.k.a. "Don't Bother Me." And some other stuff too lol. And yeah I also thought about the HYPE sleepover. Really wished that I could have made it for the whole thing but yeah still it's all good. Anyways where was I?  ...  Oh yes I remember now. Ate a late lunch, then played some SC w/ Jason. Had a few hilarious games and played this one dude who was friggin amazing.......two games in a row. Afterwards had dinner and etc. etc.....then h/w.....and then now blogging..  I didn't really mind the fact nothing happened today....I actually think I sorta needed it.......after an exciting week like that.......w/ Huntsville, HYPE Sleepover, and Huge dinner yesterday....which was friggin hilarious....yeah I really needed a day to rest...and this Sunday was one well rested day.