2/19/04, 2/20/04, 2/21/04   HUNTSVILLE WAS AWESOME!HYPE SLEEPOVER WAS AWESOME! WATCHING HAMMOND SUFFER ON THE SKI SLOPES WAS AWESOME!  THIS BLOG WILL BE AWESOME!    CRAP! WHY WOULDN'T MY D-CAM WORK FOR THIS TRIP!?!?!?!?!! GRRRR! Now that I've relieved my pissed-offness......  Yeah first off to explain why I haven't blogged. I'VE BEEN 400KM+AWAY FROM LONDON HAVING A BLAST! That's why. But yeah sorry bout keeping you guys just "waiting" for the suspense that will about to unravel in this blog. I make it sound so exciting no =P. lol. Anyways yeah this is gonna be a 3 part blog, so grab whatever you need to be comfy; you know a blanket, chips, pop....guess a beer if you're over 18. Or not. But anyways.......here it goes. Hope you got whatever you need because this is gonna be one LONG blog. To make life easier if you wanna find a certain date entry use your find feature *Under edit, or Ctrl+F* on your internet browser and type in the date. It might help you out. If it works. But without further delay....*ahem* here it goes.   *Trumpet blasts/drumroll*   2/19/04   In the beginning.....I woke up very tired.   It's 6am. There's no band. BUT I'M AWAKE. It was pretty difficult to get up on Thursday. The morning was a blank. But I remember I had set up everything last night knowing this morning I'll probably screw up. So I did my daily morning routine, and decided I'd shave. Ok I won't go into a lot of detail about a blade grazing across your skin with a 1/100 chance *probably* of you cutting your skin and leaving a scrape. So yeah did that, and I had ju-pah *aka pork chop* for breakfast. My request came through lol. No oatmeal this morning, but something filling. And I got it ^_^. I took my time this morning though, and we left @ around 6:50 with my luggage for school.  Now it's around 7:15am. Everyone is REALLY excited. A lot of talking, excitement, etc. Unfortunately I got dropped off on the other end of the school, so I had to lug my luggage to the other side. I would not realize how heavy my bag was until now. With the snowboard it was hell carrying it. Well I managed, and I decided with this spare time I'd add some cell numbers into my phone. Finlan and Pourier for now....I thought I'd have time to add more later.....wow what was I thinking lol. Anyways when I got on the Violet bus *FINALLY* after putting away my luggage in storage bay, I quickly ran to around the back and claimed a seat. Mitch came too, then Hammond and Thompson. At first this didn't look like a great situation for talking....as no one else came back here....but in the end Lindsay Murphy, Rebecca Mader, Caitlin Stewart and Sarah Lenehan would sit in front of us, and Sarah Teefy, Katie  McVey*I think, or was it McKay? meh* Amy Chick and Whitney Mendez would sit behind us. Oh yeah and Fewster was w/ us too lol. And in the end Finlan came too and sat back here w/ us. And we started chatting a bit......then the bus started to roll. The first few metres, for a 400km bus ride that will be memorable for a LONG time lol.  Yeah about 20 minutes into the bus ride....a few of us decided to play cards already. Gr. 10 kids get bored EASILY. So me, Hammond, Katie....Thompson.....and I think Teefy was the 5th person played President. So yeah I was happy....I was vice prez both times....then I got bored and decided to chat around w/ Lindsay and them for a bit. But yeah the bus ride for the first two hours was pretty fun....lots of talking n stuff. And then after some people decided to nap, some others decided to do somethin else....I pulled out my headphones and Cd Player and started listenin to some CD's. I never really napped on the way to Huntsville...since I had a bottle of Bawls *It's a high caffeine drink not what it sounds like you friggin pervs and shmucks* and also just the trip was waaay to exciting lol. The movie bombed....mainly because it didn't work lol. So I listened to my CD's.....and managed to actually listen through three CD's. That killed around two hours....and then we got off for lunch at a McDonalds *shudder.*  Summarizing lunch....we ate and talked. Greasy food. Funny hicks operating a McD on highway always funny.  And now through into hour 4/6. Right now it's about....noonish? Well anyways people sometimes go crazy on a bus after 4 hours...and me and Hammond are prime examples lol. Well at first we started to throw around a football.....really normal thing. But then....after a while.....I decided I'd challenge Hammond in a game of Rock Paper Scissors extreme *the one w/ the slapping on the hand if you lose.* Well with my "intelligence" and Hammond's true stupidity...I pretty much won lol. It was like 20 slaps to 15. I was the 20, as in I hit him 20 times. Anyways, yeah after that both our hands were purple....after bout ten slaps for each of us we both started to cringe everytime we got hit....then took a few secs to recuperate...then went again lol. Anyways after that....Hammond decided to play Mitchell. But Mitch, who makes a rock look smart decides to play scissors for the whole time. Really Mitch is smart just that he's pretty stupid at times. And well Hammond was relieving his stress on that Mitch was just laughing at the pain. Scary lol. Anyways after that Mitch's hand was like DARK purple. It was such a weird thing that Katie decided to take a pic of it. It was pretty scary lol. Well after that....Hammond decided he was still angry...forgot why. Well anyways so he decided to punch me 8 times or so....and that was when the battle of pillows in the aisle of a bus happened lol. There was silence....then a loud "WAAAH" from me and then...WHAP WHAP WHAP WHAP! Over and over again lol. Then Hammond decided to take up arms too.......and it was a pillow fight frenzy for bout five minutes before our fight was stopped by Mr. Baldwin lol. But it was pretty funny. Exchanging hits with a pillow and then once in a while throwing a punch....we could easily own WWF in viewers lol. After that we chatted for a bit.....some other stuff happened but yeah now we arrive in Huntsville.  REALLY small. But when I passed their high school I had the weirdest sense of Deja Vu. REALLY looked familiar in a dream I had back in.......grade 8? Weird....deja vu's always freak me out. But it makes me believe that something out  there does let you forsee the future...I mean even in the Bible Joseph did with the famine in Egypt back in the book of Genesis. Well we got to the public school finally.....and warmed up....  And we totally SUCKED. Reason A I blame on no prayer of guidance........but Reason two was just because WE SUCKED. The Strings actually I thought had a pretty good performance.....though Ms. Mitsopoulos kinda embarrased herself when she let the tuner go off during Mr. Clark's speech lol. But yeah they actually sounded ok FOR ONCE. Then Stage Band X. We sucked.....cept for last song lol. And Choir........I thought it sounded good until Teefy and Whitney were convincing me THEY SUCKED. I mean I don't mean to sound degrading......because personally I liked the strings and the choir was.......ok I guess....but I guess they had a point. I was sitting behind the choir and they were right beside em, so they have more accurate results.  Well our Gr. 10 band.....we sounded good.........but played bad. Well Prelude and Fugue wasn't TERRIBLE but it did have it's little bumps and potholes. We slaughtered General Greene. Trumpets learn how to count. But Valley Forge March was actually a decent playing. We sounded OK. But overall not our best performance. Well who cares about that now.......WHEN YOU'RE GOING TO THE DEERHURST INN!  WHOO HOO! Finally we reach our final destination. Though we suffered waiting in the stupid bus for an hour for the teacher to get keys, *it seemed like an hour, more like 30 minutes I guess* and then....we unpacked. At first I sorta was panicking when I couldn't find my snowboard....but then I reclaimed it in the end anyways so all came together in the end. Our room *as in me Mitch Thompson's and Hammond's* was sick. Not all the rooms.....just ours. PS2+Monty Python+ good food=good. But yeah it was REALLY cool. First thing though when we got there....SNOW FOOTBALL!  Wow......cold but fun lol. This time though I didn't wear socks since I figured it's a waste....I'll just waste a pair of wet socks....so yeah my feet were COLD. But oh well.....least not wet so no chance of Athlete's Foot....I think. Well in the end I kinda don't remember the teams but My team won w/ Boughton being our star runningback, Kick returner, Kicker and Center lol. I decided to play DB and line at offence lol. Well that lasted about 20 minutes then we were all sprawling gasping for breath...so we all ran in our rooms for warmth. This is when I feel sorry for the next person staying in our hotel room. Me Mitch Hammond and Thompson used the hair dryer to dry our shoes *started by Joe innovations,* then it overheated bout 5 times, and then the front of it smelled like......well..........feet lol. Oh yeah and right around now.......came Mitch's starting of the "Smurf."  Joe: Your face on a grill on a bigger bigger grill Mitchell: Smurf you Joe Joe:?? *stunned look someone's capable of being that stupid*  Wow........the word Smurf will now replace shmuck or co-exist with it lol. They both go with ANYTHING lol. Well anyways these two words....Smurf mostly would be the ultimate universal word lol. And we shoved everything in the fridge, hooked up PS2....basically we started settling in for our 20 hour stay lol. This trip woulda been perfect if Mitch chipped in his part though. Hammond brought pancakes, I brought PS2, Thompson brought our energy drinks *8 bottles of Bawls=lots of caffeine* and Mitch....WAS SUPPOSED TO BRING EGGS BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOO.He decided to bring money to BUY eggs at a non-existent supermarket we were supposed to stop at lol. So we played some PS2, chilled for a bit, talked to our neighbours...who were DL, Dave Wonnacott, Boughton and Burke. Then we all headed down for dinner.  Dinner met up with some people. Chatted w/ nick and Meaghan for a bit...but in the end I decided to sit at the table w/ Thompson, Mitchell, Brian Wong and some other people. Well really wasn't decided.....more like forced since there were no spots lol. Well dinner sucked though. Food was horrible. But before that Hammond comes up to me with a carton of eggs. Apparently he had gotten free eggs when he asked for some.....sweet diplomacy there. Hammond if you're reading this this is why you were a diplomat back in that river game in civics lol. But yeah anyways back to the crap dinner. I payed 120 bucks to get spaghetti and meatsauce, garlic bread, and some dessert? Wow this place really needs a lesson in cooking 101. If I wanted spaghetti I woulda made noodles back in our room lol. So I quickly ate....and then me Mitch and Hammond jacked some drinks n stuff for the ride home lol. Also Hammond had to put away the eggs so they wouldn't go bad. So yeah after that....well we kinda split up and this is where the blog focuses on me more...since I dunno what the heck happened to the others lol.  Basically me and Hammond snuck back into the dinner since weren't supposed to leave *oops =P* and then we all left for some free time. Squash, Raquetball, Pool, Hockey everything was there. Well first thing a lot of us did was watch Christian play Pac-Man....wow he's actually not bad at it lol. And then me and Thompson played some pool. I WAS SO CLOSE TO WINNING. Then I lost lol. Well I dunno where the hell Thompson went or Mitch but me and Hammond went to watch a heated game of Tennis between Rebecca and Finlan. Lol friggin hilarious. Finlan with his cockiness thought he was AMAZING at serving. He made 1/10 serves. 6 went out of bounds and the other 3 flew into the net. That's about the right ratio =P. But yeah Rebecca plays competitive or somethin like that though she didn't seem like it at the moment. I don't blame her though playing badminton against Finlan is a boring moment of life also.  I thought I'd head back to the room though....since I was kinda tired....I decided to play some DDR while waiting for Thompson since he was there too getting stuff for skating. Well I decided to stay there for a bit afterwards though since Lindsay and her posse kinda invaded my room lol. So we ended up playing some PS2, DDR mostly, and then chatted for a bit. I seem to be the only person in Gr.10 music that understands the game lol. Well maybe if I stop by Masonville I'll be able to play sometime^_^.  After that we headed down to the ice rink but ice hockey was over....but they were gonna start road hockey ^_^. So I went along too......and we played a good hour or two of road hockey. Fun. I didn't really do much played defense and pretty much just cleared the puck...since I have no aim whatsoever with a hockey stick lol. Reminds me of back in grade 3 though when my whole street used to play road hockey. Good times. Well I forgot which team won.....think we did since Hammond had double Hat-Trick and Nikki just can't play net in hockey. Hockey is different from soccer Nikki lol. And Sarah Wild, our goalie kinda just you know.....milled about. She was on the girl's hockey team but I don't think she played net. Kerry who was also on the hockey team scored a hat trick on Sarah. But we won be default since Hammond just ripped shots through Nikki lol. Really that was the end of my night since I was dead tired by then. This was also after we played a group of strangers by the way lol. But admist the fatigue, then I thought "Hey why not play some Squash?" and did that for a bit.  We got back to our rooms around......11ish? Meh whatever point is....we took Monty Python and the Holy Grail and all the guys basically ran into Boughton's room and watched it lol. We all got booted out around 12 though when Mr. Baldwin threw us all back in our rooms. Lol....this was when Hammond was really close to being caught with a Mechede in his hand and looked like he was gonna kill me and Mitch lmao. Well I walked in actually before and saw Mitch w/ the knife......about to cut my tylenol bottle. Wth? Yeah I was thinking the same lol. But yeah back to the Hammond story. Basically it went something like this:  Hammond: WTF I FORGOT MY SPATULA FOR THE PANCAKES?! WHAT AM I GONNA DO?! Joe: Umm maybe you could use the big knife? Mitch: You mean a mechede Hammond: *Finds knife* Hmmm...........RAGH! *has an angry look on his face w/ a knife* *Mr Baldwin walks in*  Hmm........Uh oh. Lol. We were lucky though w/ Hammond tucking it right behind his arm lmao. Then when Mr. Baldwin was looking around.....he slowly made his way to the drawer and threw the knife back in. Wow that was a close one. Well basically after that, played some Madden on PS2, then went to sleep. Called for a wake-up call for around 6:15am so until then g'nite.  *I'm not done you retards*   2/20/04   I SNOWBOARDED ON A HILL RATHER THAN A BUMP! ENRAGED STUDENTS THREATENING MR. BALDWIN! And of course HYPE SLEEPOVER!   Those were some of the main things that happened. Really actually day two kicked day one's butt all the way to.......England.  But before the good times....came the retarted. STUPID ROOM SERVICE! LEARN TO MAKE WAKE UP CALLS RIGHT! HOLY CRAP! Instead of waking up at 615.........I WOKE UP AT 550! STUPID SAM ZHANG! Apparently he made a wake up call for us. Stupid Smurf. lol. Well yeah in the end though not much of a choice we all woke up. Hammond got right to making some pancakes and I put the noodles on the stove. We all took our last bottles of Bawls that Thompson brought along for a jolt into our day. Hammond then called Lindsay's room *who was above us* and woke em up too. Yeah we can be jackasses but meh lol. We called them and asked if they wanted any food but they said no. So we ate our breakfast, also started packing. Mmmm pancakes and noodles lol. We even had extras. So me and Hammond decided to go try selling our stuff. We found a customer: Sam Zhang. The person that made the stupid wake up call @ 550 for us? Well yeah free breakfast doesn't come with pissing us off. He payed us basically three bux *710ml bottle of Pepsi plus a dollar* for 4 pancakes. What a bargain for us lol. 4 Pancakes is around 20 cents.  So we made $2.80 profit ^_^. After the packing....we all went downstairs and then locked our room....when then we realized......DOH! I forgot my towel and Thompson forgot his two pillows lol. So we asked Ms. Mits if we'd see em ever again and lucky she and some people are staying back just for problems like these. Yay! And now off to skiing/snowboarding at Hidden Valley.  Basically it was LOTS OF FUN....kills Boler.....well anything does really lol. But yeah this was a really fun time. Especially for intermediate boarders, since we for some reason had no lesson but we weren't complaining lol. So basically I boarded for the whole 8 hours we were there. Stopped for a small lunch then went out again. Well originally I was chilin w/ Craig and Dave W. for boarding....but in the end I somehow ended up w/ Hammond and Lindsay and them because well Dave sorta lost us and went w/ DL and Craig......well I dunno what happened to him lol. So yeah I basically chilled w/ Lindsay, Rebecca, and Hammond for most of the time. Talked to some other people a bit and laughed at the beginner snowboarders. Mitchell actually was really good for his first time though. Lindsay however was another storry lol. I feel bad for her though. Finlan kinda ditched her when he said he was gonna teach her. Oh yeah and the "best" snowboarder in Central took a fall going off the ski lift. Moron. I mean it's not the fact I hate Finlan......just that he's such a cocky smurf* (shmuck, dink, weiner, insert insult here basically*) and it's funny to see him basically bite himself in the ass after he actually does whatever he's doing lol. Well while on the hills....yeah I made fun of Hammond a lot. Made him suffer going down Flying Dutchman on his first time ever skiing lol and made him literally paranoid on the chairlift when I was rocking the chair around. He was petrified lol. But yeah made fun of Hammond on the slopes a lot to get back at him for the punches and stuff on the bus lol. Hostilities I guess you can say. Well now we are kinda even. So basically for the whole time we snowboarded....and skied in Hammond's case until 3......then had to board the bus for the Inn and then home.  Basically at the Inn again....well I played some last minute squash....and then the bus ride home. Well yeah the bus ride home......is gonna be in my memory for a long time. Lol first of all the chair tilting. Basically it happened in REAL slow motion. After I woke up from a 30 minute nap this happened:  Mitch: Joe move I gotta get some stuff Joe: Ok *Why does the chair feel different?* Whitney: Guys.......how come your chair seems to be tilted? Joe & Mitch: What are you talking abou..............LASJHG AHAFGH ;ASDHGF HL;!  You can all return from the edge of your seats now. I didn't die....nor did Mitch or anyone. Actually no one was harmed lol. So messed up though. Me and Mitch well kinda broke one of the rows of seats in the bus lol. Smart kids huh =P. So yeah from then on me and Mitch had to counterbalance the bench lol. I feel bad for Teefy and Whitney though putting up with that lol....basically their footrest was non-existent. In the end though I moved to sit beside Rebecca, and Mitch moved to sit beside Jessie........another one of Lindsay's friends. So problem solved. Other than the fact we all decided to kick out Finlan and have him sit on the defect seats lol. On our way home though like I said this was one of the most unforgettable moments....like the following:  Whitney: Lindsay can I borrow your Cosmo Magazine? *Mitch catches the title* Mitch: SEX?! WHOA I GOTTA READ THAT! I NEED TO KNOW MORE ABOUT IT!  That got the whole bus laughing lol. Also this:  Hammond: Mitch, give me back my football. Mitch: Hammond, if you had no clothes on, you'd be naked *Hammond has the weirdest look on his face*  Yeah Mitch was the comedian of this trip probably lol. You can't go wrong with quotes like that. Oh yeah also the reading of the magazines. Thompson was reading another magazine earlier *another one like Cosmo or YM* and then when he'd stop to read certain articles, Mitch would just reach in and like feel up the picture of like a chick lmao. Then Thompson flipped to an ad w/ a Fish on it. Mitch just stares at it......then slowly....cautiously....his hand....................feels up the page. W.........t...........H? lol. It was really weird we all went hysterical after that. Me and Whitney also started to have a two hour talk about club music after she overheard my Strong Bad Techno song lol. Kinda weird. At first she was confused at the song....then got the joke finally w/ the slightly poor quality techno produced by homestarrunner.com's strongbad email   Techno  *click the underlined stuff*. Afterwards we then started talking about actual real dance tunes n stuff.....then I found out she is actually a Eurodance fan. Wow.....SAME HERE! Someone else that's heard of Sylver?! NO WAY! So yeah we chatted bout that for a LONG time....and Teefy chimed in too with some opinions n' stuff. Oh yeah and then came the starvation for 3 hours for McD's. Mr. Baldwin is gonna have another 39 new enemy students at school now. We all starved for 3 hours basically just so we didn't have to eat McD's cept in the end we still stopped at one. But it was funny....lol we were between a tractor trailer and our bus and Teefy slips on the ice lol. Poor girl but yeah it was a funny moment. This is now why "I HATE MCDONALD'S" quoted from Teefy lol.  After McD's we went back on the bus.......tired......and pissed off......but then crowd control came when we watched "Ten Things I Hate About You." What a chick flick but it was pretty funny at times lol. The English teacher is pretty funny. But the good times would end with a solemn silence for the cause of a 45 minute long traffic jam.  At first we all thought it was another one of those 10 min jams caused by some car going dead on the highway....but when we saw the twisted metal of two tractor trailers, mangled in a ditch, we were all horrified. Amazingly though....amidst the horror..........I found the courage to pray. I don't think anyone else really knew about this around me, but it was a time of silence...and for me a time of silence is a good time to pray. So I prayed for the safety of the drivers and of the safety of the people around it. This would be one sad moment of the Huntsville trip. I guess I did hope that the wounded and passed away were Christians, and that Christ will take care of them if it really was their time to go. But I was surprised at the maturity of the students from Central on our bus at least. All of us took a moment of silence. I was actually amazed. I guess it did worry me a bit.......if it was someone I knew. I was relieved it was Friday though and dad drove locally around London on Fridays, and that it's pretty much guaranteed he couldn't have been involved. Well we talked about it for a bit afterwards, but I guess it was somewhat forgotten.....well not really forgotten but you know how in human nature things do move on.....and we went back on with our chatting about some things more happier. But since the collision did happen, lots of us called our parents telling them we'd run late. And apparently it was in the papers this morning according to Lindsay. Unfortunately both the drivers died.....but I just hope that they were Christian and that Christ will look after them in heaven now.  Well the last few moments of our Huntsville trip.......photos photos and more photos. We got a pic of me and Mitch on the broken seat, I was in the air and Mitch being the counterweight was on the ground. Memories of the chair lol. Then some random pics of all of us. It was pretty cool. Nice ending to a great trip.  When we got back to school though......the collision on the highway apparently did affect us. One of the buses almost swerved into a ditch from the accident, but lucky they didn't. Brian Wong told me he prayed also for them, and both him and I believe this was God's works for sure. So yeah since I believe that, I'd like to thank God for sure for keeping us kids on the buses safe....and this reminds me of the Bible verse in Matthew 19:14 that goes:  " Jesus said, 'Let the little children come to me, and do not hinder them, for the kingdom of heaven  belongs  to such as these.' "  It truly makes me think of the fact that God does love everyone....Children, the old, and of course the working age people. But yeah I really do thank God for looking over us this whole time.  Well after finding everything I needed to find, my luggage mainly, I said my good-bye's, and cya's, and then headed to LCAC for the HYPE sleepover, which I really don't remember that well since I was already half asleep.  But I do remainder of the workshop I participated in. Since I got there late I just made it for the presenting basically. We sang "Jesus Loves Me" for our song. What the workshop was according to the explaining given to me was they looked over songs, and tried finding the good parts/bad parts of the song, and about what the songs mean. But I wasn't really there for the larger portion of the workshop, so unfortunately I can't say much about it. But I bet it was a blast. Anyways I did make it for prayer still, where I was grouped with Josh and Wendy, and also for GORGON! lol.  Gorgon basically is when our church was pitch black, except for one room having light. Spooky. Reminds me of the movie "Darkness Falls" since the Gorgon can only roam in the dark. Well basically we have to find 3 parts to a flashlight *two batteries and the flashlight* and then put it together and shine it at the "monster" to kill it. Well first game I tried too hard and got tired and then just let myself get tagged, but we still won! Second game....where I had a weapon....we lost lol. Gavin was chasing us down and I provided cover. Basically the people ran out the back door while I whapped Gavin w/ my pillow a few times, causing him to be blinded and confused then ran out the door also. Then 2nd time I kinda deeked him w/ the pillow then ran in. Eventually I got caught though. But the climax of the losing game for us was when Kendrick TOTALLY deeked out a crippled Gavin. Gavin got crippled from running into a wall and getting a door slammed in his hand *ouch.* But the wall colliding....sorry Gavin no sympathy w/ that kind of running skill you deserve to be hit by the wall lol. J/k man. But yeah it was pretty funny at the moment until he stayed on the ground for 10 mins. Then he got cheap and tagged the sympathetic people around him lol.   2/21/04   The aftermath of fatigue from Huntsville.....LOTS of sleeping   Well in the morning......I woke up @ around 1030 after a night of.............sleeping. The others except Mike played Risk while Mike slept also lol. Well in the morning I hobbled around in my sleeping bag...looking like a cocoon and then ate breakfast, had a failure game of Risk 2210 AD and then went home.  And now............well, back to my average blogging life. Today I'm just gonna relax, and wait for the mosh of people coming over for dinner lol. I dunno who but lots of people. But before I close this long entry, I'd just like to say to everyone............  HUNTSVILLE! SMURF! SHMUCK! AND GORGON! And of course.......It was great being the only Asian in the back of Violet bus lol.  Later people=)