2/16/04   WEST BEATS EAST! And I am very sleep deprived.   Six hours of sleep is never good. I WAS gonna do point form blog today....but decided that since I have time might as well do it the usual way....  This morning was really retarted. Mr. Clark decided that he'd move band from Wednesday to Monday.........wow and after watching some of the all star game *where the west beat east* and washing the dishes from yesterday having people over.......i was just a WEE bit tired. So yeah band was pretty boring.....played songs and stuff. Mr. Clark passed around this piece of paper for us to put down our snowboarding/skiing skills. That was basically it I was VERY tired.  Ok I'll just summarize history and civics. Note taking and lectures from Ms. Manson. Oh yeah me and Hammond planned out what's happening @ Huntsville too lol.  Lunch we went to Jasper's. Jason decided to come too today. And today I realized that Jason paid more than he did at Basemant Jam than he was supposed to. Apparently he thought I gave him a 5 dollar bill for no reason and took his 10, when really I was trying to pay for the both of us w/ his 10 since I figured it would work out for the person in charge of change. So I gave Jason my 5, and the 10 would pay for the both of us. Apparently Jason didn't know that, and he paid for himself anyways. Though in the end he believed it was worth it.....I actually didn't know he still payed for himself afterwards lol. Well yeah had lunch, then math.  Math was pretty funny. "Musical Glasses" as Mr. Gilbert calls is beginning to get very popular. Me, Nick, Mike, and Maggie traded around glasses to see how we looked. Lol me w/ Nick's glasses makes me look like a FOB lmao. With my hair and thick rimmed glasses....wow it was funny. Maggie probably looked the funniest though....Nick's glasses didn't even fit her but when she put em on it was funny. And Mike was annoying John like usual, and vice versa, and I now am improving w/ factoring ^_^. That was the main part of it....and Courtney let her PMS out on Thompson again. And this little ball of something was rolling around on the ground....it amused me Nick and Kyla for bout....10 minutes lol.  Then programming. spent 50 minutes making ONE IMAGE! I TRULY DESPISE *hate is a bit harsh* ADOBE ELEMENTS! JUST BUY PHOTOSHOP YA CHEAP SCHOOL! Well at least I finished it.....and now I gotta work on the rest of my stupid Hyperstudio project.  Stage Band X....final runover went fairly well. Had to wait till 3 before it started though since they had one more coffeehouse audition. So we all sat around in the outside hall waiting for the doors to open. I looked at the other rooms for Huntsville. Hahaha Finlan's stuck w/ Giles. And what else....can't remember much else. Think Brian Wong's with Arjun and some other people. But yeah some of the other room combos are pretty funny.  Well stage band went by quick, then walked to bus stop and talked to Nick for a bit.  Well I'm off to cut my hair now *NOOO LONG HAIR IS GONNA GO!* So yeah later.