1/28/04   ALL EXAMS DONE!......except for music playing test   After 4 grueling days of hardcore examinatiosn and studying.....I'm finally done!. No wait.......crap I still have music. Well that will kinda be a breeze. Up until now I still hate arpeggios with a passion. Scales are easy though and the songs are just a joke. But yeah my blog isn't about the future it's about well the sorta present.....well what happened today. So here's the day story...  Well though science exam was @ 12, me and Jason decided to go study at the library before the exam. So I woke up aorund 850, and we met up at Galleria around 930ish. Well the studying actually did a lot for me. Refreshed my memory a lot. Well I also bought some food from the Cafe at the library. Unfortunately they didn't accept debit uner 5 bux, so I had to buy something else. Bought Jason a orange cream soda drink which he described as "a giant Campino." I had reg. coffee and a muffin that Jason would eventually eat. Well throughout the studying we had some pretty dumb jokes, and also Jason pointed out that cirrus clouds looked like the Flying Nimbus *Maggie if you're reading this you can see that I'm not the only person that uses cartoons to remember clouds lol* from Dragon Ball Z. Yes I have weird ways of remembering things. Like the Dodge Stratus I knew was a car and its a low value car, and stratus clouds are low level clouds. Ok shut up if your laughing right now...Hmm what else happened....Oh yeah I made a dollar from throwing paper into a garbage can. Don't asks lol. Well yeah we basically did that until 11:20 when we started walking to school then.  Well after a ten minute walk...........we were at school. Talked to Ryan, Steve, Nikola, Milosz and some other people for a bit before the exam. I would eventually then go upstairs and talk to Hammond and Korpela for a bit. Then.....it was time.......for the dreaded science exam....l  DUN DUN DUN!  Actually it wasn't that hard.....pretty ez if u ask me. Weird though. I seemed to remember a lot more. I think that my prayers really did come through for me. I remembered things I didn't even look over like lab diagrams. I think God really was guiding me when I asked for guidance throughout this exam. Also dunno why but this one question about clumpy clouds cracked me up. Don't know why......just the word clumpy lol. But anyways enough with that. Now we pretend the exam is over....and I am now speeding 1:30 minutes past the beginning of this paragraph.....  Well we all left the exam.....i actually didn't use extra time for once. I met up w/ Thompson  and Jason. Well originally Hammond and Steve were w/ us too....but then they left. Well we decided to wait for Hammond actually at first cuz he WAS gonna come *which he sorta did at the end but Webstation was full and we ended up at Webstation so Hammond couldn't find us* and we saw Lindsay Murphy and Giles. Well she was looking for Finlan and supposedly he was still writing exam. Oh wait Hammond was still with us I think at this time. Well maybe not. Point is we were bashing on Finlan a lot. He got a lot of disses thrown behind his back lol. Like this one where I said he probably thought March Break was in January and Jason said let's test that theory out *pretends to call him.* And then Hammond told this one funny story about him lol. Well Hammond ended up walking Teefy to Richmond St. and then did go to Webstation..but we didn't know and Webstation was full so we ended up at Head 2 Head which I must say wasn't a bad descision. Wasn't bad at all. Reasons why I like Head 2 Head better than Webstation: they have food, better comps, and a bigger selection of games. BUT, Webstation actually LOOOKS good. Those SC posters and D2 posters are so cool. Well anyways yeah in the end Me, Thompson and Jason went to Head 2 Head and played there for a while.....  The new most awesome game in my mind: Battlefield 1942. or C&C Generals. I got addicted to BF 1942 and most of my time was spent playing that. Played Omaha like usual, then Stalingrad, and a bunchload of other stuff. Then C&C generals my comp acted up w/ graphics so I had to switch comps. Anyways Thompson had to leave a bit early cuz of hockey, while Me and Jason stayed for an extra 30 mins or so then left. I bused home while Jason walked.  Oh yeah today I really felt the crapiness of Fido phones. I was outside w/ reception and for some reason I couldn't Call ANYONE. Anyways back to the day......  Got home around 6:30.......ate.......then started practicing trombone. Oh yeah Anton and Jonny and Calfun have no life and decided to pull the Arnold Schwarzenegger thing on me. Like that thing isn't old. I was doing that in Grade 7. They really need to find something to occupy their time. They make 8 year olds look mature enough to run a company. Well anyways enough of that.......yeah I started practicing trombone and stuff.....then called Hammond to see when my exam time was. Yes I did forget what time it was at. Anyways yeah that's basically my day....not very exciting......but Head 2 Head was a lot of fun. But how much can you really describe internet Cafe's? It's pretty difficult Anyways I'm gone....gonna eat then run over trombone songs. Cya.