2/15/04   Happy B-day Wendy! 50 pounds of meat..........mmmm   *Insert Birthday song here.* Yeah it was nice to have a day of eating....I mean honestly, what could beat a day of worship @ church, class w/ Brian, NFL street, Wendy's B-day, 50 pounds of meat AND the NBA All-Star game?! All that except game 7 of Stanley Cup finals maybe =P. But it was a really packed day....so packed I forgot lunch and my afternoon nap I was planning...being delayed and omitted by NFL street. Good reason at least.  Today instead of waking up at 8:30 and leaving @ 8:50....I woke up an hour earlier than usual. Why? I'M DOING PRAISE THIS WEEK! Yes.....though I have to wake up an hour early it's worth it. I mean....it just feels so good being up there leading the congregation. No matter the size, you are still there for the same purpose...to serve the Lord and let the congregation have a sense of unity when we are praising the Lord. So I went to pick up Gloria, and then headed to church. Weird. I dunno if it's just me, but it seems as though Gloria lives in the same house as Steph Alexiou, cuz I know they both live on Paperbirch. Who knows maybe Steph rents out the basement to UWO students or sometin. But yeah picked up Gloria, then picked up Jason. Today actually was kinda convenient, as Jason had to do ushering anyways also. Funny. Since he was ushering he dressed up in a shirt and tie n stuff.......but then all the more spiffy look ended when it hit his shoes. Good old And 1's lol. So we got to the church FIRST! YEAH THAT'S RIGHT JOSH AND GAVIN I WAS EARLY FOR ONCE! And we actually WAITED *NO WAY* for Josh and Gavin. So yeah we got set up and stuff, and actually had enough time to run through all the songs. We had a really good run....and when we finished perfect timing.....Pastor Mackness called us to the back to do prayer. We had a guest speaker today. Reverend Li. Amazing speaker. Though his way of speech was pretty funny....it really shot a good point, which I'll explain later. Anyways we did prayer before we started service....and then singspiration.  BAH! Our beginning was a bit rough....but transition into We Wanna See Jesus Lifted High.....PERFECT! No flaws whatsoever. Exactly what we wanted all yesterday....we finally got it hehehe. I think God was there for u for that moment to really help us. We were PERFECTLY in sync it seemed. But yeah singspiration went fairly well from our point of view....but apparently Josh's Powerpoint.......VERY flawwed out. Chris after service basically nagged at us for not looking over it. But I honestly thought we shoulda gave Josh a break. The kid spent up to 2am making the powerpoint....I know how difficult it can be to proofread at that time. Coffee sometimes fails even. But yeah it overall went pretty well.  The message today was very hard-hitting in me. I mean it really gave me a big punch in the face. All this time I was wondering how close of a relationship I had w/ Christ....and I always thought you know.....I think I'm doing ok. But heck no. I can't even remember key Bible verses....like John 3:16 or the Lord's Prayer. Well yeah after the speaker Reverend Li pointed that out....yeah It's time I find a way to memorize Bible Verses. I think the title of the sermon was "When the Lord Reigns...." according to Josh. But yeah Reverend Li gave out an analogy of how Christians look w/ clothes. I mean honestly....when you look @ someone one thing you judge them by is their clothes. In a Christian's life....our daily acts is basically how people judge us....and how we act can determine if people think of us as Christians. Also he hand another analogy w/ Christians living in the light and vacuum cleaners. He as saying how one time this one salesman came and showed him this powerful cleaner and then the reverend's own. You may not see it with the naked eye, but under the light you can see it perfectly. It's kinda like how we may not be able to see everyday Christians' doing....but under the light of the cross it is VERY clear. He was a great speaker though. Knew how to make us laugh yet still make the sermon serious. Then came song of response....which went pretty good, and then offering. It's good to see Jason starting to become so involved w/ our church. Pretty cool sight. After that we then had Benediction, just before we left my dad made an announcement about the dinner @ my house tonight and about if anyone needs a ride contact him. I added the comment for them to try to use one plate so I don't have to clean as much. Then dad mentioned it was Wendy's birthday today *happy bday Wendy!* also, and our whole congregation sang "Happy Birthday" for her lol. Then went downstairs for usual talking before class.  Jason changed from his spiffy suit....and into basketball gear lol. Anyways yeah we had class....discussed the sleepover mostly for Friday and HYPE. Yeah a few of us will be late for various reasons *work, Huntsville, etc* and the confirmed start time is 7. Yeah after that basically I left taking Jason w/ me to my house....and we picked up NFL Street on the way from his house.  Wow.........FUN lol. NFL street was never better. We did some pretty hilarious plays today. We had an all DB team which kicked ASS. Passing? No problem all our guys can catch. Coverage? uhh....6 DB's should do it lol. Then I also had an all D-Lineman team which Jason finished the game with. AMazing defense but crummy offence. Our receiver consisted of Washington from the Pats and...Crap forgot my runningback's name lol. Think it was Payne from the Texans. And also.......the climax....it came when Gavin and them came around 4. LOL hilarious. Well it was after dinner. So first I'll cover dinner. But before that....yeah we got kicked off ps2 and my dad put on LOTR I *seen it like 10 times so I left for comp* and yeah we all stared at Gavin playing Gunbound for bout 5 mins.....then DINNER!  50 POUNDS OF MEAT HAS NEVER BEEN BETTER! Plus salad, and etc etc. WoW AMAZING! I was stuffed afterwards. Plus we had B-day cake for Wendy. And then after that we headed downstairs for some PS2. IT was the faceoff between Gavin and his Brother....HENDRICK. Dun, DUn....DUN! Basically it was a huge game of interceptions and MAAD plays. Hendrick mayde 70 yard bombs....and  between the two of em they had 5 inteceptions in less than 3 minutes. ME AND JASON STRUGGLE TO GET 1 IN 3 GAMES! But yeah hilarious game....and Hendrick WON! which was hilarious. Gavin was pretty humiliated afterwards. Such a good game though. And then Jason played Wendy....where surprisingly Wendy was actually playing decent against Jason. It's just the fact that *quoted from Jason* "SHE PLAYS SO UNPREDICTABLY I CAN'T KEEP UP WITH HER!" Lol on a passing play she would run it then pitch it 4 times before her player was downed lol. Though Jason won.....he won in a very frustrating way lol.  Yeah after that some Virtua fighter where Wendy and Jason dominated. I hate the game. Wendy got sick of Silent Hill 3's camera angles, and then everyone had to go.  I washed dishes afterwards. Whoo.  And now I'm off to sleep. Band 2morrow. Later. Yeah but overall....very fun day.