2/14/04   Happy Valentine's Day!...Pretty fun day   Hmm though Saturday's always start off groggy and slow, it ended off pretty well. Praise practice, adventure of getting Josh's stuff from UCC parking lot, and HYPE.....NOTHING could ever top that.....except for a better day =P. Yeah weird Valentine's day huh? But I still don't get why some people sometimes despise Valentine's day. I mean it's like any other day........but now stereotyped w/ red hearts and cinnamon candies shaped like hearts, when really the heart would never look like a.....two humped thing coming to a point. The actual thing is like......you know......the thing that pumps your blood. But yeah......honestly Valentine's day to me is like any other day....I don't exactly hate it, nor do I love it. I don't get why 30% of the people I know seem to hate it. Anywho....yeah on with my day.  Like I said, my day started off slow like usual. Woke up at 10am, and then started to practice piano right away. Scales, dominant 7th chords, etc. They were all there. Ugh torture. And it pisses me off how I probably won't be doing June exam but doing February exam just because of stupid techniques n stuff. My songs are actually REALLY good. But yeah went to piano lessons, then right after that I headed off to church...er wait....wait yes I did go to church. Forgot I had brunch hehehe.  Anyways I finally made it for worship practice. Apprently Chris isn't doing it this week, so only me, Gloria, Josh and Gavin were doing it. Originally I thought Chris would too because normally he did, and also he called me. Well we ended up only practicing for an hour and a half or so.....when then I made a cup of hot chocolate 70% powder, 20% sugar and 10% water.......wow as it good. Tastes like a Cadbury chocolate egg liquified. Gavin and Josh were practicing songs for HYPe meeting tonight. After they were done I called mom to come pick me  and Josh up, and take Gloria home. Well while we were waiting.....we had LOTS Of chips.....mmmm Fritos are soooo good. And then I forgot how this ever came about but yeah me and Gavin started to break down the saying "Your face on a grill on a bigger bigger grill" in ways like this:  Joe: YOUR FACE ON A GRILL ON A BIGGER BIGGER GRILL! Gavin: Hmm........wonder if there's a way to shorten it. Joe & Gavin: Uhh............ Joe: YOUR FACE ON A GRILL....SQUARED! Gavin: THAT'S BRILLIANT!  lol jokes. But yeah we started breaking that down, then we went into more detail about if grill was an exponent like the following:  Joe & Gavin:Grill to the fourth plus grill to the fifth equals grill to the ninth Josh: Exponents don't add unless they are multiplied Gavin:That's not true....we'll ask Gloria. Gloria can you add exponents? Gloria: What's the base number? Joe & Gavin: Grill.  Yeah that was part two of distinguishing the saying about faces on grills. And then after  that mom finally arrived and drove us home. Stopped Subway for food, then went home. Well my mom went to UCC, and me and Josh played some SC w/ Jason, and I played some DDR. By now you should know I don't have a mat since mine BROKE! Ugh. Anyways yeah......well when it was time to leave for HYPE....we realized somethin. Well my mom took the minivan w/ Josh's stuff to UCC, and well my dad was taking us in the Honda. So we kinda had to get Josh's stuff somehow. Lol in the end we drove to UCC parking lot, stuck a note in mom's car....and yoinked Josh's stuff from my mom's car and put it into dad's. It felt so weird lol. People were just looking at us as they passed by with the weirdest faces. *Why are those people taking stuff from that car?* But yeah after that we picked up Jason, and amazingly.....we were kinda early. Er.......well more like 5 mins late but in my time it's kinda early lol.  HYPE was pretty good today. First off since we didn't start right away, me and Jason were locked in a "fast" paced game of chess. Lol since Jason was missing a rook we used a Hershey Kiss to replace it first of all. Afterwards Calvin ate it lol and we replaced it with the remains of the chocolate...the wrapper. Yeah I lost in the end, but for half the game Calvin would barge in and switch around pieces in stuff. Pretty funny game though. Anywas we  then started off w/ some praise songs led by Josh and Gavin, then we split into groups talking about prayer. I hope this lesson helped some of the new people *or n00bs as Brian K called em lol* that have just recently started coming to our church. It even got me back on track...and reminded me of the ACTS thing to help with basic layout of prayer. Actually normally I pray in  like a letter format...you know salutation, body paragraph, and closing. Well I almost totally forgot about the ACTS acronym, and I'll share it with you guys now:  -Adoration -Confession -Thanksgiving -Supplication  Basically it means you start with you know....words of praise. Then you start to confess your sins and ask for forgiveness. Then you a word of thanks...for you know......the stuff He has done in the world for you. And finally supplication....or prayer requests. Yeah that is basically one way of looking at prayer. Obviously you can just do one sometimes....but yeah that's one basic layout for praying. There is also PART, but I forgot what it stands for. Praise, word that means confession that starts with an A, forgot what R is (something like thanks giving) and Thanks. So it's basically the same thing, different letters. But yeah we learned about prayer mainly....and then ended in a closing prayer. After that we went upstairs to grab some stuff to eat....and Jason went onto alienware and made a 17,000 dollar comp lol. But yeah we then watched a bit of slam dunk competition......then had to go home.  Anyways I gotta sleep now. Gotta wake up early for worship tomorrow. Later.