2/13/04   Gonna Miss semi=(...Least I'm sessioning =).   Yeah it's unfortunate. But with all the Gr. 12's not having tickets, huge lineups, and the trouble the school's going through just to fit as many Gr. 12's as possible to semi, I felt that I shouldn't buy a ticket. I mean really, I can still go to semi next year and Gr. 12, but the graduating class.....it's their last year. So that's why I also kinda felt bad for them since 250 of the 500 going to semi are 9ers. Honestly be a bit generous you fresh shmucks. Give up your tickets to people who may never see some friends ever again at a dance after this semi. But oh well, least I can't be blamed for selfishness, I decided not to buy one just to hopefully let another Gr. 12 get a ticket. So yeah instead I'm gonna just go session tonight. But yeah I couldn't believe how many 9ers are going to semi this year too. 250 of them. Last year the gr. 9 student body *the one I was in* only had 250 kids lol. I wonder how the semi's gonna go w/ half of them being 9ers. Meh. Well yeah this is why I'm now ending up going to session @ UCC instead. I hope I can sorta link millz tonight, or get one handed rollbacks.....well at least get the foundation of it =P.  But anyways to my school day. I WAS EARLY FOR ONCE AND MADE IT TO PATRICKS HOUSE *breathes* WITHOUT HIM COMING TO MY HOUSE TO PICK ME UP BECAUSE I'M "LATE." YEAH that's right. And I even got to school BEFORE 810. Wow punctuality....but for some reason I kept thinking I forgot something.....meh I'll figure that out later I thought.  Well off to music. YAY NO MR. McCUMBER! MR. RICHARDSON WAS BACK! For a day. He as a pretty cool teacher. Some of his jokes were pretty funny from before I remembered. By the way Mr. Richardson was our previous long term sub teacher. Mrs. Wharton is still not back. But yeah we had him for a teacher today, and then Miss. Mitsopoluos *I dunno how to spell her last name, some Southern Euro last names are so cool but hard to spell.* Well according to Jason's blog *go to it it's in link section of my site* Miss. M's name is spelled  Mitsopoulos. Wonder if he's right. So I was kinda close. But enough side tracking. Miss M then came into our classroom and handed out Huntsville Itineraries, and also hunted down the people who haven't payed, and also talked to us about how we gotta sign up for a bus.. YAY! We only play for one school for half an hour, then have one and a half days to screw around and do w/e we want. SOOO COOL. Hmm....wonder how I'll blog for that day. Laptop? Doubt anyone would take one. Meh I'll blog after I guess. Oh yeah and also earlier when I looked at bus signup sheet....Hammond signed us up already. That's good........except we were on the empty bus. At least more people signed on later lol. But there were only like 10 of us before. I felt so isolated. But meh not anymore =P. And then off to science.  Confusing like usual because I hate physics, and also more note taking. Nothing amusing really.  And lunch. Went to Jasper's Cafe and did some bio h/w. Didn't really finish it. Couldn't even finish one sheet. What a waste of time lol. I shoulda brought theory h/w. Oh well anywho yeah that was basically it. And then......we walked back to school and time for bio class.  Bio class was not productive.......but friggin hilarious today lol. We were "working" on our projects, but me Underhill Robert and Okanski wasted our time just talking bout random crap. We went from ghost stories to spinning a pencil top lol. Yeah we talked about movies like Darkness falls, Butterfly Effect, Chuckie, etc. Rober then pointed out it's kinda weird how we are talking bout this stuff on Friday the 13th. Weird. Meh. Uh huh. Ok.What? Bleh. I'll stop with that now. Anyways yeah we did that for the whole time.....and talked about haunted stuff. Lol it was a funny class though. Best Bio class ever probably. But yeah after all that wasted time with some productivity......it was time for 5th period.  English we read more. Left Behind is still a awesome book. It's actually a book I'm interested in. I might try finding the 2nd book now too. But yeah now the main character Rayford finally believes in Christ, and now starts going to church after the saved go to heaven. And some other Sunday Christians *aka Christians who don't really believe therefore not being saved* and those now go to church and are more devoted seeing what has happened. And some other stuff....but I won't reveal anymore. And then we read more of Romeo and Juliet. Remember when I said I thought I forgot something? I did. My Romeo and Juliet book=P. Also Heather was telling me about how she had EVERYTHING for semi....but then wasn't able to get a semi ticket. Poor kid. I feel so old calling people my age kids lol. But yeah I really feel bad for those people. I mean spending 350 bux on an outfit, plus shoes, and in girls' case getting their hair done and etc, it can really be costly. Anyways back to Romeo and Juliet.  Read the scene w/ Romeo and them at the Capulet party. I doubt I'd actually ruin this story if i revealed it since I think EVERYONE has had some perspective of this play. So yeah we read that, took some notes, and etc. etc. Oh yeah there were some funny parts. Like I started laughing my ass off when they said "the chinks" in one part of the play. People understood why lol. But yeah I just started laughing a lot. And another part everyone was laughing too. Romeo and Juliet can be a funny play when you compare some words used then for good w/ words used now w/ a bad meaning or sound like it *ho, chink, knave, etc.* But it's really funny.  Anyways left school..o0o0o got a ride from Patrick. o0o0o0o what? Yeah he happened to pass by my bus stop and offered a lift so I took it. Apparently Patrick's dad was trying to find out where to drop off Pat tonight at the Hilton. We found it, then went home. On the way back Pat was talking about Mr. Rice and how funny he was. Reminded me of last year. Especially the Sarnia trip lol. I remember Hammond told me about how Mr. Rice shut him and others down at their trip to Sarnia *there was two:*  Hammond and others: Mr. Rice why don't you chill w/ us back here? Mr. Rice: Uhh....no I would rather not sit back there w/ fags and losers like you.  That tops Dan's story about Miss Howard making fun of him for doing the I BROUGHT MY GUNS TO SCHOOL *flexes arms lol.* But yeah on our trip Mr. Rice was making fun of Mr. Douglas a lot and also talked about LOTS of stuff that happened to him @ Yuk Yuk's when he worked there. Hilarious teacher. But yeah....once I got home....I realized I forgot something else. CRAP I WAS SUPPOSED TO WAIT FOR DAN. That kid is gonna kill me lmao. Oh well yeah anyways I hope he went home and won't be stranded somewhere like EOA. So anyways I'm out.....gonna go do some stuff like piano, SC, sleep, eat, then Session. Later.  And I'm back. Yes back from sessioning. Well anyways before I went to session, apparently Daniel did come to my house lol. I accidentally sorta forgot *sorry man if you're reading this* about waiting for him, and well he decided to bus on his own and show up at my door.........VERY PISSED. I was pretty apolegetic about it....ehehehehe today hasn't been the best for memory bank huh =P. Well yeah he came, we hung out for a bit, ate gung jai mein and then left for UCC.  UCC.....meh. Still trying to work on windmill. Yes that's without the "s" as Will pointed out. I can't really get past one lol. My 2nd one looks like crap. Ugh well least I can still hop w/ handstands. Oh yeah me and Calvin nailed our double planche move too today lol. Oh man my triceps hurt like hell now though. What else happened at UCC? 1990/2000 free circle lol, trying to work on air chair and millz, oh yeah and Calvin can sorta do headspin now. I really need to work on breaking more. Need space/cardboard.  Anyways yeah that's basically what happened...lots of breaking. Anyways I'm out though for good now.....still gotta finish up piano and some other stuff. Cya.