2/12/04   Final descision: Can't go to Semi. And It's Marcello's Birthday.   Yeah before anything else....HAPPY BIRTHDAY MARCELLO! Yeah unfortunately I couldn't go to the party tonight because I had to go out for a family dinner.....but hopefully he likes the gift I gave him.  And onto the rest of my day.  This morning I sorta woke up early.....but then decided to flop back into bed. So yeah in the end I didn't wake up early, and left at the same time as usual. Patrick was waiting outside on my driveway again in his van. Ugh makes me feel late lol.  Well today was a day 1 so I really don't care if I'm late or not. History isn't exactly IMPORTANT. Especially CANADIAN HISTORY. Well it's ok i guess...but Depression era sucks. Well we learned about the Dionne Quintuplets......"famous" group of babies which I never heard of. Apparently they were the first group of quintuplets to survive through a lifetime. Two still live I heard. But yeah we watched a video for the whole time today. And then announcements came.....apparently they are selling 100 more semi tickets. But too bad I forgot the form so I'm ruled out of that by default. But yeah after announcements came civics.  Civics we learned about symbols of Canada. OUR CLASS IS SO FRIGGIN QUIET. Ms. Manson even thinks we are too quiet for a class. You know your class is sad when the teacher says you're too quiet. But yeah the peace kinda broke after Nick started to do that water dropping thing with his mouth, and I started to talk w/ Hammond and Dave. Dave was talking about his dad's army stories like this one where this guy had to be trained to give himself needles, except when he stabbed it into his thigh he stabbed it the wrong way and ended up piercing his thumb. And my civics class is so crappy......only like 10 people are going to semi. My class seems to be the quietest class in the whole school.  Anywho after that came lunch. YAY! Nothing special today. No pushing into snow, no snowballs. Just plain old lunch at Galleria.  And in math it was like usual. Lots of laughs and crazy stuff happening. Mike was drawing on John's neck, and eventually John got so pissed off that he almost threw Mike over his shoulder. Then me and Nick started talking about.....how our math class couldn't ever factor x+1.....and we'd all have hemorrages and die....but then I realized you can't factor x+1. lol. And I forgot what the square root of one is. Yup.....this is why I have an 80 in math =P. Smart kid eh? But yeah we didn't really do much today except review. And got some h/w. Now to programming.  Programming started late because of this law test Mr. Cox was giving out to gr. 11's or 12's. Well yeah today we started working on projects right away. I in the end decided to do NHL, since breakdancing needed mpg's for video clips. Now I need to figure out what to do for the NHL thing. Oh yeah and something kinda funny happened today in programming. Cam was kinda put on the spot lol. Wilson came into our programming class, as the Gr. 12's are looking for scalpers for semi, since it's their last year. But yeah basically it went sometin like:  Wilson: Anyone in here willing to sell their semi ticket? Cam: I'll sell you mine for $200... Wilson:*replies quickly* 4 for $100 Cam: *Starts counting fingers and stares blankly* But....WAIT A MINUTE! THAT'S LESS THAN THE AMOUNT I SAID.  Yeah real smart there Cam. Lol. But yeah he was kinda put on the spot there. But also from that I kinda feel sorry for the Gr. 12's. After programming I'd see all these signs pinned up all over the school begging 9ers and 10's to sell their semi tickets to gr 12's. Some were willing to pay 50 bux. If I were a gr. 10 w/ a ticket I'd  have sold mine. Just for the fact that I can still go next year, but they can't. They'll be @ the charity ball @ UWO maybe, or w/e other universities have. But yeah if I could make a difference, I would have.  Well after school we WERE gonna session but Spencer and Igor had to work out, so me and Steve ended up leaving. Well I worked on millz for a bit, and we tried to see who could connect the most freezes. Our record was 3...or maybe 4. Steve did some combo like table top, to chair, airchair, and then......well I guess it's 3 lol. I don't know what he coulda done from air chair.  Anyways, got home, played some SC, then went to McGuiness landing, and dropping off Marcello's b-day present and saying happy birthday. HOLY CRAP the burgers at McGuiness are GOOD. I couldn't really finish mine, but it was AMAZING. I wanna go there again lol. And their milkshakes are amazing too.  But yeah now I'm sitting here, blogging, and doin h/w. Gotta sleep for tomorrow. Tired. Cya.