2/10/04   ONE MORE WEEK TILL HUNTSVILLE! YAY! And a month or so until TC   You can tell when I start to run out of blog titles lol. Coming up with titles like ONLY THIS AMOUNT OF TIME LEFT UNTIL THIS HAPPENS! But anyways........it won't stop me from blogging about my day =P. So Start reading!  This morning I woke up late.......so I only had 15 mins to get ready. Ate quickly got dressed brushed teeth n stuff then ran out the door. Patrick's car was waiting on my driveway....hinting that I'm late. Crap. Oh well we still got to school on time at least. He was asking me about what semi was like last year for the ride to school. Obviously semi was really fun. But yeah got to school perfectly on time....5 min bell JUST rang.  So yeah just made it into history on time. One of the guidance councellors came in and talked about how basically the descisions we make this year affect us a lot. Could almost screw your life over. Great message.  But yeah after being lectured about how to not be a hobo, came the rest of history class. We learned about the depression 30's still. NOthing exciting. Found out test is on 24th. Whoo. Not a WHOO! a Whoo. Sarcasm. Then announcements came on and then there was the 5 min interlude where I sit in the same room and wait for civics class to come in.  While sitting there.......I actually almost fell asleep. 5 mins can get PRETTY boring. I woke up when Hammond punched me. And then civics came along. Me and Dave spent half the time staring at Hammond's Palm Pilot thing while he was playing Jawbreaker or sometin *kinda like collapse* and took some notes down about Governments. And I'm even falling asleep from writing this part of blog because civics can get REALLY boring. Being in the same classrom 2 periods in a row ISN'T FUN. Also I have the same teacher. Least Jason sees a different face. Well yeah after that came lunch.  Lunch we headed to Galleria. At first I was gonna get Subway but then switched to BK. Need Coffee so I won't get bored in math. Thompson got a free refill from my double cup....wee we scammed BK today! I feel special =P. The downside of free refills....customers abuse it ^_^. Me and Nate would ditch Mike and Thompson for a bit....but they caught up. Lol then Nate used Mitch's Joke on Thompson *He's American:*  Nate: Hey Thompson stick out your arm *Thompson sticks out arm* *Nate hits it* Thompson: Wth? you hit me. Nate: Just trying to match your wrist skin colour w/ your neck's.  If you didn't get that joke.....UR CUT. I even gave it away at the beginning. But yeah I was sorta thinkin "Wow I just told you that joke from Mitch." What a biter lol. Afterwards I forgot why.......but randomly Nate pushed Thompson into the snow. The score: Nathan 4, Thompson 1. Nathan as you can see is killing Thompson in this season's throwing each other into the snow competition. Anyways....back to school now. O0o0o0o Matchmakers came out today. Bought mine....results are kinda the same as last year.....although my best friends list is sorta weird. Best friends w/ Arjun and Christian? I barely know em lol. And apparently I bubbled in my bday wrong. I bubbled in Dec. 10 instead of Oct. 12. Whoops =P.  Math class we had some old hag teach us. UGH SHE WAS SO BORING. And annoying. We couldn't do anything with her watching us. We make a peep and she'd walk over and stare at you and the people around you for 20 minutes. So yeah I didn't get much work done. Also most of the time we just spent exchanging matchmakers and looking at each other's. Also I spent half the time filling out my Central form, and talking to Nick about music. Least no H/w ^_^  Programming was usual. Played some games w/ Alex and then started my final project sorta. Still brainstorming an idea. Breakdancing or NHL? Maybe a car company. At first I WAS gonna do Music. Trance, Dance, etc. and their artists w/ mp3's in background but apparently Mr. Dayus doesn't want our files to be too big. Doesn't wanna overload the school's hard drives. So I am still thinking up what to do.  After school no sessionin today. Just went home.  Played drums, SC, then drums again. Now I'm doing blog, eating, and gonna soon start h/w. Gotta sleep early tonight for band 2morrow. Later.