2/9/04   Bah....another Monday Gone.   Well once again another Monday has come and gone by. Today wasn't really that much more exciting than any other Monday. It was you know.........average.  today I actually decided to wake up early.....7am! GAH THE SUN ISN'T EVEN OUT YET! But yeah I decided to wake up early for once. Maybe I won't be late getting out of the door. But anywho this morning I had fried rice *mmmmm* and then did the rest of morning routine and headed out the door. Perfect timing. Patrick's car was just leaving and I make it ^_^.  For one we actually got to school before 8. I think anyways. Well actually I think we got there only 2 minutes earlier than 8:10 cuz I heard bell go right off after I went in. Now I head to music class.  REALLY boring today. Meaghan was actually early for once though. Wow. Me and her chatted for a bit about Friday night still. Basement Jam....pretty hard to forget. I remember it better than factoring in math. But yeah apparently her church watched the clips from the night *a lot of people recorded* and it was Phenomenal. But yeah that conversation was cut short when class started. Mr. mcCumber seems to be pretty peeved about anyone that makes a peep in class *other than instruments.*  For half the class we listened to some Fugue. Wow.....it served no purpose whatsoever. We were supposed to play a Fugue today *2nd half to Prelude and Fugue* but in the end we didn't have enough time because saxophones seem to not understand that you have to blow into your instrument to make sound. Now don't get me wrong if you're some sax person at Central....but the ones in my class *except for Bradburn he seems to be able to do something* ALL CAN'T PLAY ANYTHING. Sorry but it's kinda true =P. Well like usual we played and played. Mr. McCumber today didn't get PMS. Then came announcements, and time for science *shudder.*  Science like usual took notes and sorta fell asleep. Don't remember much else. Oh yeah we started physics. Whoo.  YAY LUNCH! Today I finally convinced Mophead *Thompson* and Nate to go to Jasper's. Unfortunately Thompson hates it already cuz he got the same thing I got  *Chicken Salad Wrap which I like* and Nate just sat there doing his math h/w, then ate his lunchables lol. I dunno why but at lunch I started thinking again whether I should head to semi formal or not. I REALLY wanna get windmills.....maybe if luck gives me a smack in the face I can get em @ semi =P. Then again I'm not in the mood to ruin my suit by doing millz. If I could anyways. Lunch was probably my best time to do thinking today. Didn't have coffee to amuse me till I left cuz I decided to buy one then. But yeah today I did LOTS of thinking...  Like at the moment right now *well a few minutes back* I was thinking back on Sunday after I read Josh's blog (http://counterbalance.seventimes.net). His entry for Sunday is REALLY meaningful so I urge you people to go to it. But it really made me reflect on my Christian walk. Btw No I wasn't thinking about this in Jasper's if you're slow. But yeah I dunno why but it really made me think about my Christian walk. It also made me think of the book Left Behind. The whole thing about "who's going to go to heaven and who won't." I guess being a Christian may have you wonder sometimes whether you go to heaven or not but that shouldn't be the right emotion. I figure if you really are a Christian you KNOW that you are going to go to heaven. So why worry? Well with so many influences in this world.....why wouldn't you? I guess this is where prayer comes in, and just doing whatever is needed to improve your relatioship w/ God and secure yourself a place in heaven, which Connie yesterday depicted it as a "party" where all your friends are invited....so obviously you want to go too. But the only condition is.....you must follow God's way. Yeah I was thinking about this and this is what stopped me for a while today.  Well just think about that. And now back to my day. I'll make this fast.  Bio.......did notes. Doing a test soon. See my day 2's REALLY suck. Yes once again Ms. Wiener made fun of me because I'm somewhat slow. Mainly cuz her class is pretty boring and I zone out A LOT. Well nothing special today. Took up some h/w and now to English.  BORING. ROMEO AND JULIET=BORING. And to after school.  Stage Band X: WE ARE IMPROVING! Today I could actually make out the melody in Shark Bait, and our below Mediocre drummer jake actually completed a fill CORRECTLY! NO WAY! It was actually pretty fun. I got to play Lindsay Brown's Sax solo *though I play the trombone* in Rio Estate. I made up a bunch of notes....did some whale noises, and POOF! That was the solo. VERY amusing lol. It was actually pretty fun today and we are starting to sound good.  Well after Stage Band instead of going home.......I met up w/ Spencer, Igor, and Dan to session. We sessioned for about 45 minutes then left. Enough time for me to do a few hops and rollback into forearms. Tomorrow if I session: WINDMILLS.....LOTS OF THEM! If I can lol. Well anyways yeah Spencer had to leave pretty early and Igor left about the same time as me and Dan. Girl named Cassandra stopped by. Dunno what grade she's in if I'm not wrong I heard she's in gr. 10. But yeah I remember her from the talent show. She choreographed her own dance routine to Outkast's B.O.B. If you don't know what song that is....chances are you're either REALLY stupid or you REALLY deppreciate music.  Anyways I got home.....did some h/w, played SC, read some blogs. And now for math homework. Later. *Plunk*