2/8/04   Usual Sunday....Plus LOTS of TV   Today started off normal like usual. Woke up around 8:20, did my hair, ate then left. Picked up Jason around hmm.....8:50ish? Least I wasn't late this time =P. Well we finally got to church around 8:50 or so........yay another thing we weren't late for! Hmm......well looking at my hair again in a mirror....wow it really was weird. Looked pretty messy. But I liked it. I hate taking time and making every hair straight, even though my head kinda looked like a nest lol. Meh, not like I really care. Anyways I helped Rebecca usher for a bit before we headed into the worship. While ushering I started to be amused by stupid things *like usual* and started to have a staring contest w/ a Christmas ball. Smart kid eh=P? Well after that intense competition *it was a tie obviously* we headed into the sanctuary for worship. Kinda interesting today. 4 singers and one instrument. Very Unique.  After that....well we had a word of prayer and then the sermon. Pastor Mackness today was speaking about "True Righteousness." Scripture was from Phillipians 3 3-9. It wasn't TOO bad of a sermon. Some parts of it didn't really go through my head....but I got the main point about how things that the world tell us to do may not be what God wants us to do.  But yeah after a song of response and offering *Gloria almost forgot she was ushering* and then we all headed downstairs like usual for chatting. Well Connie WAS supposed to teach us today......but for some reason she wasn't there. Turns out she woke up late and forgot to get a ride from someone.....so Brian went to pick her up.  She arrived about 10 minutes late. Had a lesson though at least. She won this thing from 105.9 *it's not up yet but this early bird thing* anyways yeah we had a different approach to a lesson today. We had a song......."I can only imagine" and from that song we did a lesson. Coincedentially we were also doing Phillipians 3. lol. Well Connie sure knew how to get a group of teens to pay attention. Bribery. What could she do w/out it? Oreos+ Ketchup Chips. Mmmm..........food. Well yeah we had some laughs, and got the lesson done and over with. Kinda reminded me of HYPE back in the old days.  Well anyways after that I stayed down with some people to set up tables and chairs for the food afterwards, and the others went up for Communion. After I finished setting up the stuff I went upstairs also, but by the time I got there it was basically over. Anyways long story short we ate then Jason came over.  To summarize the afternoon.........LOTS of NFL street lol. Well after a while I decided to check out what's on TV. CRAP MISSED NHL ALL STAR GAME. Well caught 3rd period. Amazed of how East won. Dang. Then we played some more NFL street and then Jason had to go home. 7pm-whenever....TV TIME!  Well anyways yeah, I'm now watching some of the Pro Bowl and Grammy's at the same time. So have fun reading more of my blog.....or go watch TV. later.