2/7/04   Another Joe Saturday.   After a nice 8 hour sleep *below Saturday standard* I was awake at 11....tired, cranky, unstable. I was pretty tired still from yesterday. The side effects of Basement Jam. I had dreams of breaking, and in the morning I could still remember being burned by Futonics. I feel special, the whole "yay I got burned by a good crew!" thing, yup it's still fresh in my mind. But yeah once I woke up I remembered...piano lessons today *shudder.* So yeah from 11-12:30 MAD PRACTICING. Then at 1230 I left for piano lessons. Well piano lessons actually start at 1230 but I only live like 2 mins away....not like that will affect anything =P. Also I kinda left a bit late cuz my mom was complaining about sometin....meh.  But yeah....piano lessons went sorta ok. My planner book thing was a defect *like all the others* and had not enough pages so Mrs. Mitsis took all of em back and is sending them back to Business Depot for fixing. I also officially found out.....I'm not doing exam in June. Well probably not unless I start cramming like heck during the week for practicing. I average 27 mins a day in gr. 8 piano =P. Well at least I play my pieces well she said. I just hate Gr. 8 technique. Well at 1pm I finished, and well I had to go photocopy some stuff....somethin I shoulda d one 2 weeks ago.  Anyways when I got home.........ran straight to drums. I had a real urge to start drummin'. Yeah so I started doing that for around...............30 minutes? Then I sat on comp for a bit, talked on MSN....and @ 3 I headed out to session @ ucc.  Didn't really accomplish much. Millz are still stuck at linking two inconsistently, and normally it's PRETTY UGLY. I can do rollbacks better now...hmm....not much else. There was still a lot of talk about Basement Jam. Everyone still remembered how me and Calvin got burned by Futonics. Reaction when the dude picked out the name:  Host: And the first battlin' crews will be chosen from this random hat of randomness......*picks out paper* Joe and Calvin vs.....  People around us: o0o0o0o0o Joe and Calvin are FIRST UP (These people bein Stefan, Sergei, etc.)  Host: *picks out another piece of paper * FUTONICS  Me: Who are they?  Everyone else: (big O0O0O0O0O0O0O0O0O0O) Well....one thing to say "good luck guys."  lol I still remember that moment. But mostly there was HUGE talk about the Albino Zebras Vs. Crazy Ghost crew battle. Read more about it in yesterday's blog. But yeah basically that was the highlight of the night. Anyways other than that not much else happened. No friendly battles or anything today. I basically just improved on rollbacks into forearm and some footwork. Trying to incorporate a hat in. I really gotta boost my creativity skills up =P. Speaking of skills/talents it was kinda interesting how my fellowship will tie into this. But anyways before that comes I left from UCC around 5 and started walking home *ugh.*  Well on my way home, I called some people lol. Carmen, Jason, Josh. It gets pretty boring walking home....so meh when you have a cellphone........a whole new horizon looms=P. So yeah did that till I got home....and then basically got ready for HYPE. I was in my house for a total of like 6 hours today lol.  Well off to HYPE. While going there we almost forgot to pick up Jason lol. But we remembered in the end. Got him then quickly drove to Gavin's. They already started so yeah we were late lol. Not the latest though Carmen came 15 mins after. But today was different form of HYPE. We incorporated some of the issues brought up at the meeting. For example.....we started off w/ some praise songs. Trading my sorrows, the song that goes "From the ends of the earth *echo* from the depths of the sea *echo* from the heights of the heavens *echo* Your name be praised" that is the first verse. And then we went into the study for today. Ali first asked us....what are our talents? Lots of stuff was thrown in. Patient, Perfectionist, lots of people are music freaks *including me.....music can't live without it =P,* teaching, competitive, etc. Oh yeah and History Buff *Me* =P lol. In the end Ali wrote em all down...and would then lead us into the lesson. Today's topic was about Spiritual gifts, Spiritual Fruits and talents, and how they are all different. Also we talked a little bit about skills when I brought the word into the lesson. Well in the end we would all agree *since I made a HUGE debate on this lol* that Spiritual Fruits lead to Spiritual Gifts, and Spiritual Gifts lead to Spiritual Fruits. Talent is just what we particularly excel at. But yeah the lesson I liked a lot. I talked a lot in this lesson. I really felt pumped for the lesson *yeah I know it sounds weird  but it's true lol.* Also Kendrick suggested I read Proverbs 24:17-18, and I really suggest it for everyone who is competitive and likes to rub victories in other people's faces. This verse really hit me....and I'm really thankful that Kendrick showed me the verse. Tonight though I really felt God's presence at the HYPE meeting. Not as much screwing around, and lots of good talk coming out of all of us. I really think that God is doing something with this fellowship, which I TRULY praise him for. This is some of the best spiritual growth I've seen happen at my church in years. I really hope that when the HYPErs now get spiritually mature enough to be councellors that we can make as big as an impact as the current counsellors have done.  Anyways after the lesson, we closed in prayer and then headed to the food table. I went to check out Gavin's new comp, and it was one I saw in the papers. It's not bad. It even has 64MB integrated video card. Well yeah I left early because dad got there on time. Took Jason home, and Ali also. And yeah now I'm home bloggin.  Well anyways I got not much else to say. I'd just like to end w/ Proverbs 24:17-18. I mean this verse really applies to my personality, and I'm really gonna start to try to change myself to act more like the verse tells you to. Well here it is. I hope you people find this verse as meaningful as I did:    "17 Do not gloat when your enemy falls; when he stumbles, do not let your heart rejoice, 18 or the LORD will see and disapprove and turn his wrath away from him."    -Proverbs 24:17-18   Well I'm out. Later.