2/6/04   BASEMENT JAM 2004.....FRIGGIN AMAZING   Ok today's entry I'm just going to skip right until after school. I have better things to talk about today than how history class went, or how math went etc. Well anyways yeah most of this post is gonna be about Basement Jam....which was REALLY good.  Ok.....to summarize my early day. Woke up, went to school, history. Then Civics. Oh yeah our triple alliance killed the other villages ^_^. Math class we horsed around and took up this worksheet. Programming played some literati on yahoo. Oh yeah turns out Icy really does have braces. For overbite? Meh if it's really that important then I guess it's worth it. Well anyways after school, met up w/ Igor and Dan for a after school session. Turns out  Jason said he wants to come to Basement Jam too. Meh more business and it is for a good cause *and it was REALLY worth it.*  The session lasted around an hour and a half. Didn't really hit much. Just kinda fooled around, tried some new stuff, worked mostly on footwork. I really wanna start sessionin more often after school. Somethin to do. And it's benefiting me somehow too. I get better at breaking =P. Jalessa came for a bit to watch, and this other white kid did too in gr.9. Well we sessioned for a bit before we went to Stobie's, and then Igor went back to school to meet w/ Steve and me, Dan and Jason went to the bus stop to bus to my house. On my way home I just hoped that Calvin didn't ditch the main plan again like he did at Paramount.  Well got home, and Calvin called *WHEW.* Turns out he IS coming *good* and he was gonna be at my house any minute. Well I played Silent Hill 3 for a bit. Gets more and more twisted. Some person was locked up in a locker trying to claw its way through at me. Lucky it was behind glass. Then I go into a room and all of a sudden the  room starts to be covered in blood and my reflection freezes and gets covered in blood. Well then we played some DDR *controller since my pad is BOKAN!* It was decent I guess. Beat Dan ONCE! lol. Calvin then came, and we all ate then jetted for Basement Jam.  We were PERFECTLY on time. Signed up.....BUT FORGOT TO SIGN UP AS TOFU SUPERIOR! So we went in as Calvin/Joe lol. Amazed at how many people were there. There was probably somewhere around 100 people in there. A lot of people showed up. Saw lots of familiar faces from UCC. Well we started breakin around at the beginning for about 30 minutes to warm up. I just stretched and then did my common stuff. Forearm freeze, elbow, pikes, airchair. I then did a few turtles. They were pretty smooth I was surprised. Talked to some people, see who we were gonna battle. I was surprised to see how many people I knew were there. Also how I somehow bumped into Lindsay Brown and Meaghan Tanner there. They're real cool kids though. I was just REAL surprised that they were there lol. In the end I think there were 10 of us from Central. Wow. Also saw Tori *haven't seen her since Gr.9* and of course the UCC people. Apparently me and Calvin were pretty much the crappiest crew there.......so yeah everyone was hoping they'd battle us first lol. Well in the end.......we ended up battling first. Calvin/Joe vs................FUTONICS. WTH!? Wow just our luck. WE get pitted against one of the finest crews in London. Obvious what the outcome was. We lost =P. I was actually pretty happy w/ my round though. I pulled off crickets fairly well and a decent elbow freeze. Calvin pulled nice crickets too, and some freezes. But in the end like I said we lost to Futonics. I'm not surprised. Other people that got knocked out first round included lots of people that go to UCC usually on Fridays and Stefan/Igor also got knocked out first round I think. One team got a buy though... Well now round two *DING*  ROUND TWO WAS FULL OF CRAZY STUFF. But throughout the breaking, not a whole lot of power. But LOTS of style and freezes. It really shows how power isn't necessary to win a battle, and it's mostly about style. But Crazy Ghosts (SICK crew) shoulda made it a A LOT further. They somehow got knocked out by Albino and Futonics which was total crap. But anyways the main point is there were lots of good battles, and I really thought that paying 5 bux for this......was DEFINITELY worth it.  Well now we had an intermission before we went onto semi and finals. Well we had an open circle, but in the end it turned out to be....the most outrageous battle in the whole competition. CRAZYGHOST CREW VS. ALBINO ZEBRA & FUTONICS. IT WAS CRAZY! Halos, flares, elbow airflares, EVERYTHING was included in this smorgasboard of moves and style. Movie You got Served....who needs to pay 10 bux for a crap movie with a sappy storyline when you can see actual local breakers dukin it out for 5 bux and has no storyline.......just the forever grudge held between these two crews *CGC and Albino.* Highlights of battle? Wei pulled elbow airflares and Halo. Albino Zebras had REALLY nice footwork. But Wei's bro FUFu *right* would pull off the SICKEST headspins I've ever seen. Then this one other guy.....forgot his name but he was one of the judges, stormed in and shut down Albino w/ PURE STYLE & FREEZES. But Futonics and Albino did put up a good fight. But I think CGC whooped their asses. Yeah that would be a HUGE highlight.....and also another battle coming up next...where this one guys does the most outrageous move ever.  Well now it was 2nd part of the Jam. Semi finals and Finals.  Unfortunately by now all the people that are around my age (Mike, Sergei, Stefan, Igor, Steve, Will, Calvin, Lance, The guy w/ Mike forgot his name) got eliminated. Me/Calvin and Mike and the other guy got eliminated round 1. However Sergei/Lance and Steve/Will made it to round two. Sergei and Lance put up a REAL good fight with a routine....but the other crew responded with another routine of this guy controlling the other guy breakin' basically. Nice style. And Will and Steve got burned by I think one of the Albino crews *they were split into two since they were 2 man battles.* But Semi finals and finals were the HUGE highlights. This was basically where all the remaining crews pulled out the big guns. Huge style, mad combos.  In the semi finals.....this one guy pulled off the BIGGEST combo ever. He started off doing crickets and then did some other move like a spinning air baby or sometin and his hat flew off. LANDED BACK ON HIS HEAD. LIke it was set up. Then he started milling putting a touque through his legs. After about 8 rounds of that his crew member throws him a water bottle and he does another 5-8 rounds of millz. Then he actually DRINKS THROUGH THE BOTTLE in a freeze. I was TOTALLY mesmerized by that. UGH IF ONLY I HAD MY DCAM. IT WAS SO SICK. I honestly liked the 3rd place battle more than the 1st. The other guy pulled off mad top rock and footwork. I think those two crews deserve to go to finals for 1st and 2nd. The 1st vs. 2nd place battle was between the two Albino crews, with LOTS of popping and toprock. That was why I really liked it also. Oh there was a lot of sick combos, but I can't describe em. Lots of windmills and flares. And footwork was unbelievable.  Well the crews eliminated did get bumper stickers lol. The First place Cash prize was 130 and 2nd was 50. There were also prizes for hats n' T-shirts. Steve got a hat. Lucky Kid.  Anyways.....right now I'm very tired.....and wanna sleep. But Basement Jam 2004....totally unforgettable. And I strongly urge people to...........   GO TO BASEMENT JAM 2005  If there is one that is. You'll be mesmerized by what happens. Jason was even surprised how crazy breakin' could get. After seein that though.......sessioning is now on like #1 priority 2morrow...er #2 under piano lol. But yeah I'm sessionin for sure 2morrow. Don't wanna lose rollback forearm or my crickets. Keep workin on em. Well I'm out.....so yeah I'll talk to you people later. Cya.