2/5/04   Stressed out day...two tests, some other crap, and then stuff.   Well out of most of the stuff that happened today....least it's good to know I've influenced another person to blog lol. Kurtis PK (http://kurtispk.blogspot.com) I think is the 4th person I've got to start blogging. There's Jason, Josh, Rebecca, Theresa and Kurtis. Wonder who else is gonna start blogging now. Anyways enough of saying who else blogs, if you wanna see that GO TO MY SITE AND CLICK ON THE LINKS. And now for the rest of my day.  By now I think you all know what my morning routine is....you know the usual stuff. Hygiene, eat, get dressed, out the door I go.  School hasn't been to great lately. SO BORING. Gr. 9 was way more exciting. Well anyways in music we basically just played music like usual. Hmm...oh yeah got theory test back. 96%.  I think that's what it is (106/110 just cuz I wrote B major instead of B flat major). Well that's basically the highlights of music. It's really lame. Hope mrs. Wharton comes back soon. All these sub teachers are REALLY boring.  Well after announcements it's time to go to science.  TEST! Weather test. So dumb, but at least it was open book. I got most of the stuff done in a bout 30 mins or so, really short test. After that our class then watched a video on El Nino the hurricane.  Then lunch. Well basically @ lunch today I had to study for bio. Bio isn't really that appealing when Ms. Wiener gives you a test about the crap we've done since September. A LOT of us were studying today. Tehmina, Rachel, Underhill, Okanski, Drew, Tanis, like I said a lot of us. I talked to Brescia at lunch a lot, since I went over and sat with her for most of lunch. Did a lot of studying too. She had some calculus stuff and I had my crap test for bio. Yeah today's lunch really sucked ended up studying. I didn't eat anything...so by the time I got home I WAS STARVING. But that's later right now it's time to face my stupid bio test.  Wow....I walk in the room and instead of the high pitched voice of Ms. Wiener I heard...I saw the evil Grin of Mr. Curphey. WTH I THOUGHT I WAS DONE AND OVER WITH THAT TEACHER 2ND PERIOD! Nope. Apparently HE'S SUPERVISING OUR TEST. After a awhile though Mr. Pigeon came though and supervised.IT was hard. Sorta. I kinda forgot a calculator so doing the time spent in each phase in mitosis was kinda hard so I just guessed for most of it. Then I got lazy and decided not to do the Punnett square for this huge ass question where you gotta draw one of those HUGE punnett squares. I don't even kno why the hell we have to do that stuff. it's pretty useless. I mean I can figure this crap out just from process of elimination. Genetics is the biggest joke in biology. Most of it was pretty ez actually when I think about it, the only hard question was the one about  time spent in different cell division phases. Oh yeah and a few multi choice too, but wasn't too worried about that. And now to english.  Boring. Talked about marriage cuz we started Romeo and Juliet. Hmm....yeah that's basically it. Read some of Left Behind, the book I'm reading. It's getting pretty good actually so far. I won't spoil the book but basically it's about what happens in Armegeddon *when God comes to this world, Judgement day, you know?* and a lot of people disappear (God comes back for his people.) Then the rest of the people in the world are either poor Christians, other religion people and of course Atheists. It tells about how different people react to it in different ways. Like to a news reporter, this thing is the jackpot. But to one Christian who was "Left Behind," he couldn't understand the fact that he didn't go to heaven and killed himself. Anyways you should read the book if you haven't. It's really good, though I wouldn't recommend the movie.  Now I'm going home. Bused w/ Stefan, then transferred on to Wonderland. Got home around.......2:45ish? Surprisingly early. Well mom wasn't home, so I had to get the key's from my grandma *she lives across the street.* Got open the front door and since I didn't eat lunch......cleared out the fridge. Chips, carrots, chocolate, bread, cookies...anything I could find. FOod.........mmmm. After eating I went onto comp, checked msn, and then decided to go to sleep when I then thought I'd call up Jason Josh Adrian and Gavin for some SC. We eventually played almost an hour later *I ate more* and we played until 6 where then I had to leave for my eye doctor appointment.  It actually didn't go that bad. And no waiting this time. Right on schedule. Well apparently my eyes have kinda got better *no more dry eye syndrome if you know what that is* but I didn't get prescription. She said my eyes were like overworked or sometin. *shrug*. Well I have to make another appointment now. Meh, I don't really mind I just wanna find out how my eyes are doing now. Least I don't have glacoma or anything =P. Yet.   Well basically got home, ate, and now I'm blogging. Yeah today was kinda boring, Sc was fun *we creamed gavin in a 3vs.1 Triple J beatdown. * Triple J being Joe Jason and Josh. Adrian kinda left because he was bored. Not much else. Oh yeah talked to Jason about buying comps cuz he's planning to annoy his parents for one. Convinced him to think about clones instead of off the shelves. But I do think that it was by God's Grace today that my eye appointment went fairly well. Kinda interesting. Last Sunday we learned about how God's grace is great, and now it's applying to me. Coincedence? I think not. Not exactly predestination either. Hmm...yeah the way I think of it I took the route. But I'm not about to explain how I think God guides us. REALLY long and......well I may be the only person that understands my own thoughts. Obviously. But yeah it's good at least my eye doctor didn't just go "oh you have this prescription now." Least she told the truth and won't just rip off her patients. That's a good thing to see in a doctor of any sort. Well anyways I'm out now....gonna go sleep really tired. Later.