1/27/04   All exams gone....except science and music   I wish exam week was longer sometimes....then I could have longer break. Oh well I still have tomorrow and thursday left for exams. Well thursday kinda doesn't count because it's only a 10 minute music exam. But yeah science.....is the biggest thing im worried about right now. Weather unit never got through my head. I'm still back with Nomenclature. Lucky most of the exams on that ^_^.  Well least science doesn't start until 12. Me and Jason are planning to study at the library tomorrow morning. Today was pretty fun though....though I had an english exam but that would be forgotten within minutes after I was done.....  I woke up at 7am this morning. Woke up early on purpose in case the "snowstorm" from last night left any work for me. Apparently there was no storm. Just a few droplets of freezing rain. Well I didn't shovel in the morning.....and instead ate and just bolted out the door for school.  I would arrive at school pretty early....8 o clock. I woulda thought it'd take at least 40 mins today since last nite was supposed to be chaotic w/ freezing rain and 15 cm of snow...which by the way never happened.  But yeah I got to school at 8, chatted with some people for a bit *until 8:30* and then went to room 136 to write my exam.  WOW what a joke. Though I think I didn't do good on it I really don't care. The thing was out of 20. What kinda exam is this? our English test was longer about Animal Farm. Well, since I an hour and a half to write this exam..........and being used to theory exams I took the full time plus extra time..........I finished just at the very last minute like usual. Me, Sarah Pearlmutter, and Mike McQueen were the last people I think. Well when I got out finally after wasting the extra time and reg. time, I was about to call Jason........before I realized he was only 6 feet away from me. Wow......I'm very intelligent. You can see why it takes me almost 2 hours to write a exam out of 20. So yeah I saw John Thompson too, and we went out for lunch.....Burger King. WHOO! It was only 1030 so I got a breakfast. BK breakfasts kill McD's I think. Well Thompson and Jason got whopper n a coke..........eeew...............and I sat there w/ my double double coffee and croissanwich....oh yeah and a few hashbrowns.  Afterwards........I WAS gonna go study.....but Jason and John HAD to go to webstation after a 20 minute talk about SC. Got us into gaming mood. Well just our luck. Today was toonie tuesday.....and January was free membership month. So now me, Thompson, and Jason all have memberships at Webstation. Shweet. Though I didn't have $$$, Jason covered for me....actually he covered for all of us lol. Well we originally payed for an hour, but would be extended when two of their comps froze with BF 1942. Both of them were mine. Jason and Thompson were happily playing BF while I was sitting there......on msn. Whoo. Well originally we did start w/ SC but then we all decided why pay to play SC? So we ended up getting an extra 30 mins for inconvenience, which would drag into 45 mins......and we would be gaming for almost 2 hours. Thompson would eventually join me in a game of Call of Duty....which I have to say blows ass compared to BF.......can't believe Hermann likes it. Lol it was funny watching Jason's style of play compared to Thompson. Jason's a very detailed and serious person.....so he kinda sniped and actually took cover n stuff. Thompson the Quake Freak just ran around on the beachhead *Normandy level* and shot up everyone with PanzerShrecks and machine guns and grenades. Lol funny as hell to watch. Well after about an hour Thompson left cuz he had a music exam........I would then take over his comp and start to play BF w/ Jason. So much fun. Paul and Adrian are right when they say it's a fun game. I was addicted to it in seconds. Though I didn't have good aim......that's not an issue. I learned from Call of Duty that a submachine gun is your best friend at all times. While I was fighting on the ground.....Jason was desperately trying to fly a plane with a keyboard. He crashed 5 times and Paul nor Adrian ever told me how to fly a plane lol. I'm definitely getting BF1942 if I get a new comp.  Well after they kicked us outta webstation......we finally decided to go to the library to study. Jason couldn't study at all. I got some stuff back into my head. I pretty much know all chemistry now. Lol Jason was complaining we had been there for such a long time.....before I told him we had only been there for only 30 minutes. Lol. but it did seem like an hour though. Well since both of us had cells.....we were so bored we WERE gonna do this REALLY stupid idea I came up with......surprising no it came from me. Well I would call Gavin, and he would call Josh, and then we'd put the phones up together and make it sound like Josh and Gavin called each other. WE WERE REALLY BORED. Well Jason would end up leaving around 2ish and I would leave around 2:30. I studied a bit more and then renewed my book. Then I rushed to the bus stop.  Perfect timing. I just got on the bus. Whoo. Looked at my cell phone that uncle gave me to waste time on.......apparently it can save calls. Jason called once.....well then twice. Meh. Called him back......talked for a bit..then walked home. I then called Patrick to see if he wanted to play NFL street. He came over for about 3 hours. We got a lot further into the game. AFter he left.....I beat the first ladder. Then I started to study. Not much happened.  After I ate dinner.........dad came home. Apparently the aftermath of the "snowstorm" began to show. The car couldn't make it up the driveway. So out came the snowblower. First time I've used it for more than 5 minutes. It's actually pretty useful.....but loud. Well dad went to do grandma's house, while I sat on our driveway clearing the ice off. You can actually see the black driveway. The glory of seeing total black driveway.  Now I'm gonna sleep.....tomorrow I have to study at 9 @ library. Cya. And of course do my science exam.