2/4/04   Course Selection day drawing near....Football Banquet *highlights of the day*   So far my day has gone average like usual. Hmm....yeah very average. Oh yeah I did have band today. I really don't like how I had to wake up at 6:30 am rather than my reguar 7:30 am. But band wasn't too bad today.  I woke up around my usual 6:30 for a Wednesday. Ugh stupid band. Well I did my average morning routine...you know eat, get dressed, brushed teeth...the usual. Well after that I finally got out the door around 6:50 with my cup of tea and headed for school.  Band....only about 40 of us I think. There were only 3/5 trombone people, and most of our clarinets were non-existent. The only section that had everyone was percussion. We played some songs, got yelled at, and then we were done. See isn't that painful. Kinda tiring though. But meh I'm gonna be taking this course all the way till I graduate. It's mandatory w/ music. Oh well anyways now that music's over....time to head to history.  Well while walking there I stopped by tech room to see what my final was in careers. 82!!!!! It's actually DECENT. Brought my mark up from a 72. YAY! But now I'm dying in english. probably have a 72 or something.  Well now to History class. Wow REALLY boring today. Actually it was kinda fun. We had a Stock Market simulating game. It was simulating the stock market crash. Now knowing me I'm somewhat paranoid, so I bought my shares @ 1 dollar each then sold them all when it only went up to 8. Eventually the stock hit 68. Wow I coulda made 13,600 but NOOOO I sold mine early and made only 1100 bux. Well at the end I wasn't the poorest at least. Anyways that basically took up most of my day in history. Then came announcements. More semi advertising. It really is getting tempting to go.  Well after History came.....CIVICS. *shudder.* Same room, same teacher. Meh. At least I know more of the people in this class. Well anyways first thing we did in civics.....was go to the course selection assembly.  It was like last year's basically. Got course selection booklet, application form, etc etc. Heard a lecture from Guidance counsellors. Well I'm actually really concerned about selecting courses this year, seeing I only got two more years in high school. Time REALLY flies. So yeah I'm really gonna be asking for God's guidance in this. Well yeah after that it was back to civics. We played this game where we were spit into "villages." The area had a shortage of water, and we had to come up with a solution. It could be anything. War, peace, combining villages, anything. So far my group wants to ally w/ 2 medium sized groups to kill the big group. Well planned Hammond lol.  Now for lunch. I went to BK w/ Thompson and nate. Mike didn't come and neither did Hermann. H/w. Well I had coffee and fries w/ gravy. Thompson and Nate had whoppers and fries. Whoo. Oh yeah Thompson got a coffee too. It really is waking me up though for afternoon.  Well anyways now to math. Didn't do much. Did some worksheet and talked a lot. Mr Gilbert really seems like your typical new teacher. He doesn't know what he's doing sometimes it seems lol.  Well now to programming. Not much here either. Finished an assignment on Hyperstudio *really retarted program, refer to one of Jason's blog entries in January* and then surfed the net. That's basically my afternoon.  Well bell rang, but since football banquet was tonight I stayed there until 5. Spencer and Igor WERE gonna session but NOOO not anymore. So I ended up working out w/ Hammond n Mitch and them, and then after a bout a 1 and a half hour workout we watched the highlights of Superbowl 37 and how the Bucs got there and won. Well at around 5 we all ran to the caf. FOOD!  Food was REALLY GOOD. We had Caesar Sald and this unidentified salad *I think it's Greek* but no one took any. And then there was REALLY good pasta, meatballs *mmmm* and of course the average Canadian Dinner roll. I had 3 helpings. REALLY GOOD. Then a speaker came from UWO. He was the CCH Defense coach at one point. I think he's the one that Patrick's dad said really sucks lol. Kinda funny how he's our "motivational" speaker,though Western this year was JUST over the .500 win mark. Worst season in a while. Well anyways after that I went home, finished some h/w, then to theory.  Won't talk much about theory. Did theory. Payed for Theory. Wrote Theory Exam Application form. Went home.  Now I gotta get going to finish Bio. Test tomorrow. Ugh. Later.