2/3/04   Meh.....Ok Day I guess....1st day 2 back from exams   Basically today I got a lot of crap back. I got science, music, and english exams back. Also today after school I had my first session *bboying not smoking up lol.* It was ok @ school. Mr. Harris *I think that's him* walked by and told us about how back in the 80's that there were actually school competitions across the city....wow I wish that was back up and running. Anyways before I rant anymore about the later part of my day let me summarize....sorta the first part. Now I know my entries are long....so from now on when you read my entry....either have LOTS of food with you.......or have LOTS OF TIME. Or both ^_^. Wow what a strategy there....  Anyways my day started like a usual day. Woke up a round 7:30. Ate, morning routine, and then headed out   the door for another day of....school. Whoo. Ugh only two more years of this crap...then University. Not that I don't have to wake up then, but I might have afternoon classes =P. WHEE! Anywho.....back to the story....er day summarizing thing...  Now I'm sitting in music class. Played some technique, songs, and then......GOT MY EXAM MARK! 84%! AMAZING! Well not as amazing as last year but better than I thought I'd get. I thought I'd get something in the 60's. Finlan got a 65. 2nd year in a row lol.  Not much happened in class. Thompson and I were yelling across the classroom as usual, and as usual I got kicked out of the percussion section. And the announcements came on. Hmm......lots of advertising for Semi....kinda does make me wanna go. Stupid propaganda. It works though. Well I still have another week to think about it so I don't have to worry much.  Well now trudging to science.... *trudge*  Now I'm sitting in science. Got my exam back. 83%.....on a good roll of exams! so far none of em have plummeted below 80. high of 91 (history) and low of 83 (science). Wee. Anyways we basically just went over weather test we are having on Thursday.........oh yeah IT'S OPEN BOOK! Turns out that Mr. Curphey isn't the cold-hearted grinch after all. He knows that when a subject's boring we don't pay attention, hence our head gathered no info. So we have an open book test on Thursday. Yay. And then Mr. Curphey was as usual lecturing us about random stuff and we watched a REAL lame video on tornadoes. And then came lunch. FINALLY.  Well Jason asked if I was gonna play ball. I said no because lunch beats starving until.....AUGH! RAIN! So I stayed in lol. Decided to go play some basketball after all with Jason and them in the gym lol. We sat there watching Gr.9 Intermurals first.....wow Melum's team kicked the crap outta the other team 23-8. Dunno bout other game. But wow the game on our side was pretty one-sided. Well we then got out the balls to play after bout 20 mins, and then shot around for about 5 before Dave and Jacob came. We had a 3v2 then. Me, Jason, and Dejan vs. Dave and Jacob. Unfortunately we lost. I had a crap game. Made like 3 shots lol. Jason I guess had an ok game, but Dejan was kicking ass. Stopped half the shots comin at us. He's really getting better at ball. Well after playing for  bout 30 mins it was time for 4th period.  Biology. It's not ALWAYS bad since Ms. Wiener is kinda funny. But sometimes she can lecture for 70 fulll minutes.....THAT's when it gets boring. Well today we got assignments back, talked about our test on Thursday *yes I have two tests on Thursday* plus a lab due for next day...the blood vessels one. Whoo. Not. Ugh. Oh yeah we also got our marks updated. 87 ^_^. Up from 85, up from 80. I really am thinkin' bout takin' science all through my high school career....and maybe one day be a Bio-Chem dude, instead of number-crunching in an office. Anyways that's for next week to decide, and of course this is definitely going on prayer list. Which reminds me I still haven't typed out the request list. But this week has been REALLY hectic....so this one's gonna be a late comer. Anyways now back to bio. We finished up lab, and I'm gonna be makin the good copy of it tomorrow. And of course study for the test.  Now off to english. I'll make this one quick. Reading, got 66% on exam, and 76% on animal farm test. Not bad. Except for the exam. And then I left.  Well I WAS gonna go home, but then Spencer found me in the halls and said him and Igor were gonna session. Meh why not? Just before Basement Jam on Friday sure. So I ended up staying there for an hour. Did some sessioning. Some people stopped by and watched. Mr. Harris was even surprised at us. He then said the thing about how in the 80's how there were citywide SCHOOL competitions. THAT IS COOL. He said he remembered it because his school *Clarke Road* won it one year. Wow if this could ever get up and running again that would be so cool. Central and Lucas probably would have the most breakers lol. Close competition probably too. But yeah it would be cool to see citywide competitions for breaking. I mean it's sorta almost a sport. Has more physical properties to it than say like..........golf. And Golf's a sport. And a Car. And then some people from some other school came to watch the b-ball game. Our school against some maroon-coloured school. Well I would then leave w/ Mike and Dan...oh yeah they came a bit later. Dan has a crapload of food in his locker, and Mike has REAL lame convo lines. They're also old too. ANYONE KNOW HOW TO SEW? CUZ I'M RIPPED!" Lmao haven't heard that one in ages. Then when we were walking home Dan said that Mrs. Howard called him a loser *lol* cuz he went up to her and said "Hey Mrs. Howard I might be suspended tomorrow." "Oh why?" "CUZ I BROUGHT MY GUNS TO SCHOOL!"*makes gun shape w/ fingers* "You're such a loser." Sad Dan just sad lol. Well we walked to Dundas and Richmond stop, where I took the Cherryhill, then transferred onto Whitehills.  Stopped by Adrian's house to see if he was still coming over. He had h/w. Meh.  So I went home....played some DDR *w/ controller shut up* and then played SC with Jason and Josh.  We had an ok game. Jason's online friend Sauron came along again too. We had Terran wars *all of us were Terran including comps.* Very chaotic. I almost died at beginning but for some reason the enemy then ran and fought Jason's army. So I rebuilt....eventually building a formidable landing force of marines. Well Josh and Sauron had taken down some comp, but then me Sauron and Jason made a HUGE landing on another comp. Gols, Tanks, Men, EVERYTHING. We killed that thing. Then we killed the other one. I came in last score wise but who cares =P. It's the fact I contributed in the war effort.  2nd game was hilarious. Though Sauron and Josh left, me and Jason played a team melee game. Funny as hell. Originally we started off with a regular defense, but  then for some reason we had an excess amount of gas and no minerals. So I decided to go on a scourge building frenzy. That got us low on gas and LOTS of minerals. 15,000:500 minerals:gas ratio lol. So then I wondered what took lots of minerals. Jason solved that problem. CANNON MASS BUILD!. So me and him started one of the BIGGEST cannon building projects ever lol. It was pretty effective. Eventually I abandoned his project and then I went on my own task. I massed whatever I can. Lings, Drones, Scourges, you name it lol. All of them were pretty funny. I even massed queens. Parasited everything I could. revealed half the map lol. Then I made a siege tank raid. Made a spacious landing area, then sent in defilers. These dudes would plague everything in the base until Jason's cannon building stretched from our base to the core of the enemy base. Lmao. That all took about 1:30 minutes. Funny as hell though. We won obviously. Built 750 buildings. And I saved the replay. THIS ONE HAS TO BE WORTH IT.  Anyways after that I ate, finished some h/w, then played DDR. Then I started blogging here. And Now I'm headed for bed. Tomorrow I got band plus a assembly to "guide" me through my course choices. Hope that goes well I really need direction in life right now. Prayer is the key. Talking to God hasn't and NEVER will fail.