2/2/04   FIrst day back from exams.....grr.   Blah. And I was just getting settled into the no school life. Ugh now we are back into school. 2nd Semester isn't bright at all. Well actually it's the same thing since I'm in a non-semestered system but it's just that there was one change....I have civics in the same room I have history....BACK TO BACK. I'm stuck w/ Ms. Manson in the SAME ROOM for almost 3 hours. Ugh. This situation is so ugly....it looks like a Pontiac Aztek. Ok I know  that was lame....but it 's true. Today wasn't much more exciting than before. It's the average, usual, Central day....  After waking up sometime after 9am for 4 days in a row....came this dreaded morning where I had to wake up at 7:20. Ugh. It took me forever to trudge out of bed....AND IT WAS SO COLD THIS MORNING. Or maybe four comforter blankets is overkill. But soo warm............Anyways yeah I went downstairs, ate, and slowly got ready for school. Patrick came around at about 7:45 and we headed out the door for school around 7:50. Oh yeah and for those that wonder what I have for breakfast....I had fried rice today.  Well we got in the car.....talked bout yesterday's superbowl game mostly. I still can't believe that Valieteri *did I spell his name right?* made the 41 yard field goal. He missed a 30 somethin yard, and got one blocked, but he sure came through when the time came. Yesterday's game was pretty exciting. Of course I was also listening to the radio. Was switching between FM96 and Energy a lot. I've never really liked 106.9. Hmm......well the person that came to our church yesterday from GRACE FM sure was right. There is a lot of Christian music played on radio now without us knowing.  For example, the other morning I heard Stacie Orrico. This morning I would too. Except I actually tried to listen to the lyrics. To me it was saying about how there has to be something else in this world other than our average life, and that someone *God* is out there watching over us. I think it's a pretty meaningful song. The dance mix makes it better because i'm into dance more than soft rock =P. Well we got to school around 8:10...just made first bell. Worth it for sleep though.  History was pretty normal. We got exams back. 91%. Whoo hoo!. I can't fail history....i'm actually considering taking it again maybe next year.....just to bring my average up..............maybe i'll take like marketin or something in summer school. No wait....ugh but I need volunteer hours. Grr. Well I'll figure that out later. We also did some work on depression era, and Ms. Manson talked about Gr. 11 and 12 Social Science courses, since history was one. School propaganda...sorta. I heard that there is a course fair thing on Wednesday. Wow time really flies. I still remember in September when we were filed down to auditorium for that motivational speaker. He was pretty funny though. But yeah first period was REALLY boring, but at least the semester change is indicating.......ONLY 4 MONTHS OF SCHOOL LEFT. well sorta 5.  After 2nd period bell......I went to........NOWHERE! I'm stuck in the same room with the same teacher for three hours this semester! THIS REALLY SUCKS. Especially when you are being taught civics, the most pointless class EVER. Well least I know more people in this class. Our first task: we were given 250 imaginary dollars and asked to spend it on something for a classroom environment. After much deciding in our group *we were in groups of 4-5, Hammond, Pokan and Dave were in mine* we concluded we would buy 4 swivel chairs for ourselves. Productive.  Well after that boring class came lunch. I'll make this short. Hermann, me, John, Mike and Nate went out for lunch. We went to BK. I had coffee to fire up my senses for the rest of my day.  Came math. BORING. Neew seating plan. I sit by Nick Saika, Maggie, Mike, Kyla I think is the other girl's name, and sorta by Thompson still. He's a row away. Oh yeah Travis is kinda close too. Becky is also pretty close. We did a really dumb worksheet about Quadratics.  Programming nothing exciting. Catch up day so I basically surfed the net.  Last period bell rang. Time for Stage Band X Practice.  Oh yeah and now I'm getting real tired and wanna sleep so I'm gonna make the last part of my day short: -Came home -ate -played some piano -played Sc -Showered -Ate dinner  And now I go. Bye.