2/1/04   PATRIOTS WIN! And Snow football is FUN   What a long LOOONG day. Though it was long, it was fun though. Starting with usual awakening at 8 for church and not coming home till 1130......I'm pretty beat right now. BUT IT WAS WORTH IT .............WELL WORTH IT=P.  I started off waking up at 8am...and then trudging out of the bed at around 8:20. Went downstairs and was met by a bowl of "joak" for breakfast. Meh, it wasn't that bad. And then after that I got ready for church. However I didn't have time to really do anything with my hair so I ended up going to church hoping my hat would squish my hair down. Nope that didn't happen, as I'd find out later. Anyways today my whole family went to LCAC instead of mom going to North Park, and we went to pick up Jason then head to the church.  Service wasn't bad. We had Reverend Daniel Tjoe-A-Long still *by the way in previous entry I think I got name wrong this is real name* and he spoke about how is grace amazing. He had a video from "Les Miserables" showing how the bishop showed grace to Jean Valjean by forgiving him for stealing from his house, and fought the urge to have him arrested. THAT actually takes a lot of willpower. Honestly for any average human your reaction would have been ARREST HIM. He also talked about how we have to always forgive, and try to always treat others in as best way as possible. He reffered to the bishop in "Les Miserables" a lot. Also at the end he had something for people to go up, I wasn't really sure what it was for which I feel kind of bad for but I didn't go up. Anyways after the message this person from Grace FM *New London Christian station 105.9FM for whoever would like to be ready for it* and basically told us how they are progressing so far. They have a survey to see what music should be played at one time. Their main outline is messages in the morning, then from afternoon to night it progressses from soft rock to heavy metal/ more modern stuff. They handed out a survey which I'm planning to take. Also I really hope that our church can really help with this station in establishing a solid foundation. I really would like to see a Christian station up playing modern music. I mean, FM96 already has started playing stuff like POD, Switchfoot, and a whole shabang of other bands that I don't know of but Gavin and Josh seem to. Also that Stacie Orrico person or sometin apparently is a Christian artist. I heard one of her songs on Energy FM, well the dance mix but since I like dance music it was good. Hmm maybe I will start to buy CD's now and not pirate as much =P.  Oh yeah also the English congregation was SURPRISINGLY larger than usual today. I think I could have counted at least 60 of us. I mean HYPE already accounts for approx. 15, then parents 5, then UWO kids 40, 2 pastors, and praise team. That's almost 60. I was REALLY surprised at the turnout of people today. It was nice to see though. I really hope that one day our English service can grow to that number as in permanent attenders, and of course go beyond. Oh yeah that brings up the other reason why I am 100% behind Grace FM. In their FAQ sheet, they brought out something that really hit me. In like the 200 churches or something in our London area, there are always empty pews. And as Christians of course we would like to see those pews filled with people. I think that this radio station will help in encouraging people to start attending church. Who knows maybe this station will bring some of our closest non-Christian friends to strong believers of Christ.  Well after service came the FINAL closing day of Job. We learned of how he finally at the end got everything he ever had back....DOUBLED. You can see both God's power and mercy from that action. It also shows how God is understanding. I mean Job was tested, and he was rewarded. Wouldn't you like a reward if you went through a hard test like Job? Well one thing that I brought up *also thanks to Josh for putting this into an analogy...*Ok well first Pastor Mackness asked us why God would bless Job with double....and my reply was that like Job got what he originally had, and God gave him a surplus as like a Thank You gift sorta, or like a reward. In the end what Josh would say is almost EXACTLY what I was trying to bring up. First Christians are soldiers in the battle of Heaven and Hell. And as a soldier, sometimes we get wounded, as Job did since he lost everything at one point. However, if the soldier survived the agonizing wound *as Job survived the poverty and suffering* the soldier is awarded with a medal *as Job was rewarded with his prizes.* I really liked that analogy. In fact this is gonna probably stick in my head for a LONG time. Which I hope it does. And it was really cool to see Jason so attentive in class. For 4 months of attending church he REALLY is accepting the message that God is giving him VERY well. Like Mike n' Dan have also been growing which I commend them for, but Jason has been taking this stuff in SURPRISINGLY quick. Like even Gavin took almost a year....but Jason really seems different. It's a good sign though. I think he'll be a strong follower in Christ in no time. Good job Jason and keep up the good work! And of course for the rest of the HYPE group I wish the same also but I really would like to commend Jason for intaking so much in 4 months so well.  Now that class was over, Pastor Mackness went upstairs to catch the last bit of Pastor Long's Cantonese service sermon *which was in English translated by a translator into Cantonese* and the rest of us just chatted for a bit. Josh and I would have to leave with Brian Kung as the HYPE councellors and the "Admin worker" *me* and whatever Josh's position name was *we agreed on "Relations Rep right??"* and we went to Angelo's got some food and then headed for Brian's place.  We talked about a LOT of stuff. One main thing we did was plan out the rest of HYPE until April. Another thing is we brought up issues and tried thinking of ways to resolve it. For example we figured to break the bubbles that we would for prayer groups split up the bubbles and get the people to be with different people....like rotating. Effective ^_^. We have now officially decided to add a worship part to our HYPE meetings also. We also touched on the issues we have that were mentioned in Emails, and will try to work them out throughout the year. Basically our goal is to administer more growth in our fellowship spiritually and physically, and also just to foster a comfortable environment for all Christians alike in our fellowship. We even have a theme song now *lol* and a theme verse: 1 Timothy 4:12 right? "Don't let anyone look down on you because you are young, but set an example for the believers in speech, in life, in love, in faith and in purity." That's it....pretty meaningful even though I heard it's a pretty stereotypical verse for many fellowships. Meaningful though. Well yeah we got all that figured out and basically our schedule. Then we left for ACF  SNOW FOOTBALL and SUPERBOWL PARTY!^_^.  Snow Football is COLD but FUN. I couldn't feel my hands or feet, and scraped up legs pretty bad in ice but I don't care. I got two interceptions and that's all I care for lol. At first only me and Josh were the only kids from HYPe but Gavin and Jason pulled through and got there halfway through. Jason was complaining about how cold his feet were, and one guy suggested he put plastic bags in his shoes. My feet were getting pretty cold to so I thought "why not try it" lol. THEY WORK. Though my feet were still getting wet they were WARM. lol. Oh yeah and also my sock was turning sorta red from blood but meh. It was still A LOT of fun. Well anyways after that game *btw my team lost* we headed for the house we were chillin at for the Superbowl Party. Oh yeah and Jason is actually an AMAZING receiver too. Josh is decent at DB, and Gavin and I blitzed a lot near the end on D.  At the house we were at *I forgot who's but thanks for allowing over 30 people in there* we watched Superbowl on projector, and had 8 pizzas. MMMMMM. PIZZA. and also Pepsi, and other carbonated drinks. Wow I sound like a nerd. Anyways yeah. I basically lost my voice there....from yelling stupid stuff like "GET BETTER CLEATS" or "YOU'RE CUT YOU STUPID RECEIVER," "YOU CAN'T HIT LIKE THAT," "WTH!??!?!? HE MISSED THE KICK?! YOU'RE CUT!" Anyways the environment was filled with stuff like that.....until that one REALLY stupid PGA commercial where the dude was like picking out clothes for a woman. In unison around the whole house: WTH!?!?!?!? HUH!?!?!?!?!?!? LOL it was just funny seeing the unified reaction. Anyways after watching the close game, ending with a field goal from the Patriots, Gavin Josh Jason and I left in Brian's car for home. Brian would go back so I really thank him for taking us all home. Thanks man if you even read my blog=P.  Anyways I'm out. It's 1230 and I still have school tomorrow. First day of Civics. Whoo. Lates.