3/30/04   Gloomy days bring lots of napping ^_^   I remember back when I was young I always used to wonder "why the heck do people take naps? What a waste of time!" I feel like such a hypocrite now lol. Wow.....I can see why naps are so productive in their own way. Just today after school....well since it was raining I thought "ugh I'll do Kidney canvassing tomorrow." WHY MUST RAIN COME NOW?! Oh well.....I guess I should maybe remember to do this canvassing stuff earlier in year.....don't leave it for final days of month *oops.* Anywho instead of canvassing then.....I thought "hey why not take a nap?" Well a proposed one hour nap......turned into four lol. So now I finish all the homework I'm behind on...and then....SLEEP!^_^.  Well today was another Tuesday *yay....only 3 more days of school opression before weekend!* so it was another day where I wake up at a ridiculously early time *630am* to head to senior band. Well I was kinda trudging everything behind schedule this morning.......so I got to school late. Frankly I REALLY don't care because I was REALLY tired this morning. So I got there around 7:15ish and yeah she kinda made a remark about it. At least I'm starting to adapt to senior band more. The only reason right now why some of the music seems so hard is because I seem to have difficulty counting 9/8 and 8/8 time lol.  But it's fun....I guess. Better than I anticipated at least =P.  Well after the rehearsal it was time for history. Wow......I seem so bored. Today we FINALLY hit some actual action. We talked about the Dieppe raid. Up until now....I still don't understand WHY they even did this raid...especially when they failed to complete it during its rehearsal twice in a row. Also....they had no support whatsoever.....so yeah the Canadians got slaughtered at the beach. Sadly only about 300 Germans were actually manning the guns at the time, but they did have reinforcements 50 miles away. Hmm......history is appealing at least....it's just kinda funny how I seem to be the only person at times that even knows what she's talking about.  Civics class.......REALLY boring like usual. Talked about leaders and organizations that have affected the world. I'ts pretty self-explanitory stuff.....Martin Luther King Jr., World Vision Canada, etc etc. *Yawn* why must the government waste over $3,000,000 on stuff like this? REALLY the money used to buy each textbook in our school alone *around $1,200+* could be used for more productive things.....like photocopy budget? They complain about how we always go over....well maybe if we don't have CAREERS and CIVICS we'd save $5,000 for PAPER.  Lunch...spent time in library lookin' over script w/ group. Talked to Brescia a hefty bit too....apparently she's still applyin' for universities. Hmm.....wow just to think she used to go to my church 10 years ago lol. Such a long time ago.....and she's so tall too. Probably only Asian girl I've ever seen surpass the 5'4 mark haha.  Math class: Hmm.......yeah we still using the stupid graphing program. Sho shtupahd. I concluded I'll be drawing the 007 opening screen in every movie..you know gun barrel sighting him...then he shoots you.....then blood comes down. Yes somehow I've turned that into a graph picture. Apparently there's parabolas and circles in it. Wow you know you've become a geek in math when lol. Well geeks are supposed to be good in math *YES I DON'T FIT IN CATEGORY YET ^_^.* Wait is that a good or bad thing =P.  Programming.......YES I CAN DRAW PAC MAN NOW LOL. Surprisingly it was easier than drawing the face. Maybe because me and Mitch did it co-operatively I think haha. I figured out the co-ordinates of the actual Pac-Man and he figured out how to make it move. It was interesting.....but I get it now. And Turing has actually helped me a bit with programming actual things now. I actually understand the concept of HTML....sorta lol. OH yeah today was also first time I ever saw Mr. Dayus actually get mad. He tries to act like he's pissed......but he's laughing still lol.  And yes.......after school it was badminton. Apparently *sadly* me and John are the best guys doubles team this year. Wow...........PATHETIC lol. The other doubles pairs: Alex Hughe and Finlan *Finlan=HORRIBLE* and Po-Kan and someone else. Po-Kan would be good if he actually took the game seriously....but he screws around a lot lol. Mixed doubles.....I still don't know what's happenin' but apparently Finlan is playing it this week at Quad meet at Oakridge. I just hope that me and John are decent compared to other schools lol. I actually played decent today though. Made a few maaaaad diving shots...OH YEAH which reminds me...  I FINALLY DID THE SHOT I'VE BEEN TRYING TO DO SINCE GR. 4. Brandon dropped it....and I was thinkin' "ooh crap." Unfortunately my dive was just about an inch short, so I let my raquet go.....flew kinda and BAM! the Bird goes to other side and we get a point! FINALLY! Did the amazing dive shot I've been dreaming of since Grade 4. And I can do it kinda consistently too.....did it a second time today also ^_^.  Anyways back to badminton practice. Conclusion: Central Junior Badminton 2004: NOT VERY WELL TRAINED.  Well when I got home....blast it's raining. Which means I didn't go canvassing tonight. I kinda feel bad that I never did it earlier.....pisses me off when I fail to complete somethin'. *Sigh* well instead of goin' out....I slept......  *four hours later*  Here I am now....blogging, eating, multitasking like my usual self hehe. Hmm I'm actually happy that God's been helpin' me through life so much this last little while. Just that life seems so confused at times...and jumbled up with stuff. Haven't really been able to do serious devos for a few nights now. "Purpose Driven Life" I'm slowly getting through now at least....yeah but I really need to catch up on devos. I guess I'll be switching between ODB and Purpose Driven for a bit. So happy though that God really does answer prayers in such an effective way. It's been amazing how my marks are actually managing to go up....though my life is more jumbled than ever. May wanna spend more time on piano though ehhehe. Well I'm out for the night....got Intermediate band still tomorrow. Later.