3/29/04   Out with the old month (almost) and new with the in (almost)   Grr if it weren't for time.....life would seem so much slower. Well today actually was an ok day.....I didn't fall asleep, not too much hard work....and english class was actually pretty funny for once hehe. It's really kinda cool actually how my week started....not too stressful at all. Also after last night reading so much MegaTokyo *NEW LINK CLICK IT* I guess it might have started me my week off kinda happily I guess. HILARIOUS comic strip. Hmm.......I wonder if I am a bit more optimistic than many people? Meh beats being pessimistic though.....apparently optimism lengthens your lifespan ^_^.  Well I woke up at about 7:30 today......almost got to shool late lol. Oh well who cares....breakfast was good. Mmmmm French Toast ^_^. And also my mom wanted me to bring a coat to school though it was 12 degrees outside. In the end I took it off anyways though.....T-Shirt was good enough for today =P.  First class of today.......MUSIC. Ahh yes good old music class....never fails to amuse me. Today was pretty fun. Few jokes like usual......but of course we finished some work too ehehehehehehe. Of course yes people asked about what happened to my eye.....and I replied to them in the most modest and brief way as possible: I ran into a wall. OK real reason: Calvin CHECKED me into a wall...but same thing =P. Lol Lindsay got a sunburn in 14 degree weather from reading hahaha so I'm not that bad off =P.  Science class.......didn't do much. Note taking. *Yawn.*  Lunchtime.....well we ate lunch what else? Crappage apparently Nasvhille in hockey though dropped to 9th place. Really wanna see em make it into playoffs......LOSE ST. LOUIS PLEASE. They won't be able to do jack in the playoffs anyways. So yeah today lunch was a bit of talk about hockey...left a bit early since I had to help Lindsay and her group set up powerpoint for Bio class......so yeah not much.  Bio class. Unfortunately Lindsay's group's powerpoint didn't work.....so they had to resort to overheads. Well it worked....but the laptop didnt have a "A" drive *wow how crappy is that?.*  English....kinda rehearsed Romeo & Juliet script. Yeah some funny moments there.  Stage band......got yelled at to do better by Kiwanis basically lol.  Yeah I know I sped by today.....but I gotta REALLY eat sometin' and then head out the door to do canvassing for Kidney Foundation. I hope it isn't too late lol. SO yeah I'm out.....cya.