3/28/04   Just another typical Sunday ^_^   Yes......another beginning for another week. How many weeks have gone by in my life? Too many to count. If you really wanna do the math 52x15=? So yeah right now....I guess I'm just thinking about what's going to pop up in my life this week. Probably more usual things....homework, working out, HYPE, usual I guess. Thing is though time is already passing so quickly. I mean right now two weeks ago was TC 2004, and I can't believe that in a matter of say...another 10 weeks it'll be 12 weeks ago when March Break happened. Time actually flys by so quickly. I now know why parents say we should cherish our childhood. I honestly think I've become 15 too quickly. Oh well...enough pondering about the future.....when I can barely keep track of the present hehe.  This morning I woke up at 7:30.....as I had to wake up early to do worship at church this week. Yes my eye is now swollen from yesterday when I got nailed into a wall......but that's the least most important part about gym night. The main object is........we all had fun =P despite the fact my eye looks like an apple lol. So went downstairs, had a quick breakfast and headed out the door. Jason seemed pretty cheery for having to wake up at 7am this morning since I had to pick him up early. Least he wasn't in a pissed-off mood.......so that's all that matters I'm still alive. Got to church around 8:10ish.....and quickly ran over the songs before english service. Yeah that's basically what happened before english service which then started at 9:15am.  After the singing, I was the first person to talk about my time at TC. I kinda don't know why they made this thing this year....but it was kinda cool. So I went up there and talked about my experiences at TC (refer to my flashback blog) and it actually wasn't that hard. I actually don't get nervous public speaking anymore......SWEEEET. So talked for about 5-7 minutes, then Rebecca went up, then Gavin. Basically we all talked about TC from different POV's (points of view). After that then I read scripture, Phillipians 4:1-7 and then came the message. Today's message was about personal and congregational peace, and how peace is the way to go in life. To me, if you have congregational peace, chances are you also have personal peace. Then song of response, and then offering, benediction, meditation then we all headed downstairs for food.....yum^_^...  Sunday school class we finished up lessons about different names for Christ...apparently God is called many different things throughout the Bible....like "The LORD is There" (Jehovah Shammah) or "The LORD is Peace (Jehovah Shalom). There were a few others....but I kinda forget em ehehehehhehee. Whoops. After the lesson chatted around for a bit.....then headed out for home.....I just feel like sleeping today......I WANT SLEEP lol.  Played some SC, did some homework, and of course.......ate lunch. Yeah today hasn't been to exciting....at church though Jason brought his inflatable Samurai sword....which was pretty funny lol. Like I said before my eye is still the size of an apple, oh yeah and like usual Carmen was late for english service =P. Oh yeah for some reason the UWO students had long rolls of newspaper used for swordfights...*shrug* weird bunch of kids lol. Hmm......other than that right now I don't really plan on doing much today......I sorta feel like just sitting here....and doing absolutely nothing. Productive no? Yes? No? Maybe? *Shrug* I still got homework and stuff.........and another stupid English test. I don't really see the purpose to these things. HONESTLY how the heck do you study for a english test? SHO lame. We also have a script for Romeo and Juliet thing set up. Me, Heather, Katherine and Robert are doing the scene where the huge fight happens and Mercutio and Tybalt die.....whoo how action packed....*zZzzzzZzzzZZZzzZZZzzz*  So what am I going to do now? Might go do something w/ Paul and Colin later, or just mope around here....waiting for what tomorrow has to offer for me hehe. *Yawn* Maybe I'll go sleep.....this week has been one LONG week.....and sleep looks VERY tempting hehe. Later.