3/27/04   Badminton, Piano, Worship Practice, Church SPORTS NIGHT!   WOW what a long day today. I never actually realized it......but holy crap when you wake up at a time before 11am.....your day seems SOOO much longer. This morning I woke up at......I think 8am and my day started right then. Wow it was a pretty fun day though.....so much stuff to do and all....hehehe. Great Saturday not wasted ^_^.  My day like I said started at 8am today. Woke up early for UCC badminton. So yeah it was kinda hard waking up at 8am on a Saturday, but I managed....took me record 15 minutes to finally drag myself outta bed. Great time record set ^_^. So ate a quick breakfast, and then headed out the door.......armed and ready for 32hours of hard-hitting, intense, body-breaking BADMINTON!  *By the way yes that was sarcasm*  So yeah got to UCC around 8:30....and for the next two hours played some pretty fun games of badminton. Oh yeah saw Lina there too and her friend Yang! Haven't seen her since.......well Badminton season last year lol. Yeah she's got a LOT better now. She'd actually be a good mixed doubles partner....but she play singles since Banting badminton blows. Yeah and apparently people think I'm undergrad @ UWO lol. I am supposedly "good" at badminton for my age, as one first year PH.D student said to me lol. A 6th year student also thought that I was undergrad....wow lol do I look that old haha. But it's amazing how I can actually have decent games with people in University....I think I'm gonna start goin' on regular basis. It's cool too though.....since it wakes me up for piano also. Just gotta remember to sleep earlier on Friday nights. But yeah pretty good time.....had to leave at 10:30 though to get home in time for piano practice...grr.  So sat at home for about an hour....practiced piano and ate, MSNed for a bit and then headed out for piano. It's about 12:30pm right now.  Piano went ok. I got Kiwanis confirmation papers. Blast I'm competitor 1 for both my events lol. Not too cool but meh.....then again it can be good. I sorta set the bar. If I set it high.....well then it's more challenging for other people. So I gotta MAAAD practice these next few weeks hehe. Got nagged at for forgetting theory. Oops=P.  Well after that......I spent about an hour and a half at home just moping about....mostly drumming. Boy do I need a drum teacher.....my fills and stuff are all the same.....*shudder.* Hopefully summer I'll be able to find a teacher. But for now.....for the afternoon I drummed whatever I could, then got ready for Worship practice....which I was VERY tired for for some reason.  Got there perfectly on time. Everyone else just arrived too hehe. So basically we practiced to worship tomorrow. Most of the songs are somewhat slow so drums don't have much of a part but meh....it's still cool. I'll sing behind my noise bunker maybe lol^_^. But I don't know why.....I just seemed so TIRED for it. Maybe because I didn't really do anything.....but yeah I just felt REALLY tired. Glo, me, Simon and Niette doin' worship this week. Had some pretty funny talk there during practice though hehe.  Afterwards I headed straight to WLAC for Gym night tonight for our english ministry. Pretty fun night. Games, fun, food, etc. It was pretty cool. Met some new people...and just got to know some of the other people in the english service that normally attend on Sunday mornings. It was pretty cool. Unfortunately I kinda got injured lol. We were playing this game where you have a number, and when your number is called, you and the opponent w/ the same number get up and basically have a game. Well they called 4 numbers, it was a 4 on 4, and when I went to get the ball froun the boundary line.....Calvin checks me into the wall. So right now.....well my eye is kinda swollen but I'm ok. Ali gave me a ice pack that I thought would be useless....but I guess kinda helped take down the swelling. Ow but it feels so weird now....numb lol. After some group games *my group owned lol* we went out for food break and a short message from Pastor D. Spoke about Paul and his testimony in the Bible. Didn't really relate I think but apparently the committee back in LCAC made him do it. But it was still interesting. My eye was swollen through that whole time. Then afterwards.....VOLLEYBALL! So Deja Vu....I stuffed Craig *Gavin's friend* like I did to Rhoden last year....ONLY thing I actually did for the whole volleyball game that was good lol. Then some pickup games of 3-on-3 ball. Wow I'm horrible lol. Made probably a 20% FG%. Ouch. Lol I used to get at least 60% during summer.......this is what happens when you stop playing regularly for......almost a year? hahaha meh s'all good though all just fun times ^_^. It was cool times. Lol oh yeah and Jason's inflatable Samurai Sword lol......so cool. What else....Hmm....yeah that's all I can really think about right now. But it is really cool how God set up this event....for the idea of his followers to become closer Bro's and Sisters in Christ. Had really good times and just some great laughs.  So yeah now I'm home.....gotta head to bed soon hehe....plus I gotta make some point form notes for tomorrow since I'm speaking up there about my experience at TC this year. Plus I gotta wake up for worship hehe. Oh boy tomorrow's gonna be a LONG day too. Hmm....yeah I gotta prepare for tomorrow hehehe. Well anyways I'm out for the night I guess....fun day though....long days may have more hours, but that just means more stuff to do hehe. Yeah I guess I am kinda over optimistic. As Josh and Gavin mentioned over March Break I seem to be the only person that likes to take 6-hour walks around Downtown Toronto and still be smiling about it hahaha. Well yeah I'm out for the night Ladies n' Gents....so until tomorrow...Sayonara.