1/25/04   First Pastoral Ordination Attended in Life...put me into some new thoughts in life   Hmm.......today really was a pretty important day. I mean, though I've never known what a pastoral ordination was....when I attended it today....it really was something special. And it's kinda funny. A few questions ringing in my head earlier today....which I'll list now were answered:  -How come it seems sometimes LCAC never grows? -Is there such thing as an "unblessed" church? -Do we go to church to admire the building or admire God?  Well.....while I was on the 2 hour long car ride to Toronto and Back from attending David and Tommy's Dad's Pastoral Ordination......I would think a lot....I mean I didn't really have anyone to talk to....I was the only person around my age in the car. It was pretty boring. Originally Wendy was supposed to come too but our car ran outta space. And it was crammed. Though I ahve a minivan now it still isn't comfy having 7 people in it. But yeah before I sidetrack to the end of my day let's cover the first part of the day.....  I woke up around 8ish today.....and forced myself outta bed around 8:10. Then I would do morning routine and be met with a breakfast of leftover roast beef from yesterday. it was a 24 pound loaf so Paul's and Pat's family didn't really finish the whole thing. We put a few in a box to give to Wendy....but yeah anyways I had some for breakfast. Mom couldn't figure out that my food was still cold so i wasted 10 minutes just trying to microwave it. So yeah I would be late going to Jason's house to pick him up....which by the way I called him in the morning but no one answered. Smart kid. He put it on siilent. And I mean he's actually smart. I was just doing it to piss him off. Didn't work =P. Well yeah we ended up leaving around 8:40ish and picked up Jason around 9:05. We thought we'd be late but we managed. Whew.  English service was pretty interesting. Pastor Mackness was speaking of the fact that we should honour missionaries. It was a pretty meaningful sermon. I read scripture for it. But yeah it was really speaking about how missionaries do so much in this world......and how much courage they really have. I mean sacrificing your life for your religion is pretty deep. Missionaries can be very devoted. However....if you are being a missionary at your will chances are you won't do much good. That was one thing that Pastor really outlined. You can be a good missionary at God's Will or you may be an ineffective one if you are doing it at your will. Scripture was Phillipians 2 19-30 by the way. But he related much of this to Apostle Paul, as he was one of the most talked about missionaries in the new testament. Mike, Dan, and Carmen didn't attend this service though. I wish they did. This service I felt really relates a lot.....especially to everyday Christians. I mean everyday you'll probably not think about "I wonder how those missionaries posted in our prayer requests in our bulletins our doing?" But after this sermon.......I do wonder more about how God's Word is being spread as I'm typing right now......  After service we went downstairs like usual.....talked for a bit.....had some food and then time for Sunday School. Though I wasn't there last Sunday Carmen did recap me on a few things. Basically she said that last week's lesson was about Job's questioning of why he was being "punished" so badly and blamed some things on God. In today's lesson......part II of wrapping up the book of Job *Part III is next week* we talked about how God finally spoke out to him.....and asked Job why he was blaming God for everything. Eventually Job would finally realize what he has done and repents his sin, and realizes that what he was doing was wrong.  This somehow led into a small debate between all of us about if sin was prioritized......if one sin you commit is worse than the other. Josh said no and that a sin is a sin. However, throughout the Bible Gavin and I stated that it always emphasizes loving God and how He is the only God. Gavin would then later on back this up by saying also that if you follow the first two commandments of loving God and loving thy Neighbours....really the other ones would just follow. If you loved someone you wouldn't lie, steal, or kill them. If you didn't love God, you wouldn't go to church, keep the Sabbath holy, or have him being the only God. So really I think what Gavin said makes a lot of sense......and I'm behind him on this one 100%. Steph seemed pretty tired....napping on Jason's fleece...and Calvin was playing with his usual candy wrapper. Wish that we could all one day pay attention for once. I mean a fraction of the class paying attention just isn't that great. I sometimes think that maybe if we all actually participated in class......class would actually be amusing....dunno if the others have thought of this theory yet.  Well afterwards...we ended w/ a closing prayer...and then we just chatted around for a bit. Dunno what the others were doing but I had to go change into my suit for Toronto. Well......the suit was nice....haven't worn it in a while.....and then after I got everything on.......I realized something. Mom forgot dress shoes. So there I was....sitting there trying to think of a way to compensate.......as at that moment I was in a full dress suit and then........old worn out Iverson Questions. Whoo. This really didn't work. Apparently it's the new style in HK.....which sounds REALLY retarted. I'd never wear something like this......though apparently all the "superstars" are wearing this style. No wonder why they aren't famous in North America. Who the heck would wear a Armani suit with Nike walking shoes? So yeah after I figured out this wouldn't work and this would "clash" in quotes from Wendy a while back....I switched back to Golf shirt and Jeans. We finally got on the road after Chinese service was over.....  Well......I can't really say what happened on the road as I slept for most of it. Well on the way to Toronto I was thinking about how our church could change....and this was where I was thinking about suggesting a relocation of  the church. But then I thought this is kind of like saying my church is a place to look at.....not to worship. But then again a nice environment to worship in does affect people. See this is how I fell asleep......brain overdrive....I would slowly fall sleep.......  Well I was awakened by a sudden stop at a service center. I was surprised Dad actually stopped at one. We usually go one way but mom and Kai Mah wanted to eat inside. So we ended up sitting there for an hour....I had four cheeseburgers which "astounded" the other people. Oh yeah and a cup of coffee. I was REALLY bored. I would then ask why would we end up sitting here and eat when we coulda had Dim Sum in Toronto. *Ugh.* Well after FINALLY finishing our food *mom still didn't finish her burger* we finally got back on the road. Oh yeah I started to practice clutching with a Dasani waterbottle in a cup holder. I was TERRIBLY bored.  Well after another 45 minutes we arrived at NCAC. The service was just about to start. Perfect timing. I found Dave and Tommy sitting at the front so I sat with them. It was a pretty cool service actually. We had the area superintendent Doug Wiebe speaking. He spoke REALLY fluent Chinese. I was surprised. It was funny listening to him speak cantonese though. He had good mandarin though. He sounds better than Anton or Jonny though =P. Well it was now that my questions were answered. I was surprised that my questions were answered today. I was complaining yesterday about going to Toronto for only an hour. But I think it was worth it now. To conclude my answers to my questions *in order:*  -A church takes a LOT of time to grow, and I should be patient -There is no such thing as an unblessed church (a church is a church...it is still a House of God) -We SHOULD go to church to worship God, but with human NATURE we sometimes stray away and start to think of how a building looks instead of WORSHIPPING God.  I really was surprised that I had these questions answered. It's as though God had set the whole thing up. Interesting. Predestination? Maybe. I have very complicated thoughts on this whole thing and it would take a whole day of Blogging probably to lay it alll out into text. But yeah I really think that God was listening to me very attentively, and it also showed me that God never ever doesn't listen to you. He's always there. Whether you have a question or not, a rough day or smooth, He's there. Well better summarize this quick. I still did pay attention to the sermon though remarkably even when I was relating this stuff together. Pastor Wiebe was also talking about servants of God....and how a Pastor isn't really exactly a "leader" of the church but more of a "guide." Shepherd. He used the analogy of a Shepherd. Pretty funny. He related how sometimes a member of the church may sometimes cause some hardships with the pastor. This was the sheep "biting" the Shepherd. Lol I was pretty surprised that he came up with this. But yeah ater Benediection for service we ordinated the now Pastor Yu then had a prayer for the now official Pastor Yu. Then pictures. They had the London family and Friends as one group out of the many. I really started feeling how special this day was when I heard that friends from HK came. So I guess a 2 hr. drive was worth it. Especially for an occasion like this.  Well the car ride home was pretty boring. Slept.....practiced manual shifting again w/ a waterbottle *I was TERRIBLY bored* and then we went home. That was basically it. Played SC, then started imaging. I may not be good w/ HTML.....but I can sure as hell image better than Josh at the moment. Jason? I don't know. His banner kills mine. He likes using pictures though. I like starting from scratch and making my own creations. But I like his style too though. Well anyways gettin late. Really I started blogging at 1:30 am I just changed the time so it'll say that I blogged this for the 25th and not 26th. Well I'm off to sleep now.  G'nite.