3/26/04   WELL DESERVED WEEKEND AFTER LONG WEEK   Normally I don't mind school as much as the people around me....but this week just seemed SOOO LONG. I don't know why.....maybe because I now wake up at 6am for most of the mornings of the week, or maybe just because it's the week after March Break. It's just that March Break passed by so quick this year.....I mean I still remember last year on the train comin' home from TC I was thinkin' "Boy...this TC kinda sucked I couldn't even make it to day two....NOW I GOTTA WAIT ANOTHER YEAR for TC." Wow do I regret saying that lol....that year would come by so quickly. That year is now.....well last week. And it's already come and gone by. *Sigh* I wish that life would pass by slower.....I mean I've gotten over missing TC but just the fact it passed by so FAST. But then again....that just means it'll only be another year until me and Gavin are TC Captains. ONLY a year =P. hehe.  Hmmm...also I just read up some random blogs and hit my old HYPE counselor's blog....CONNIE! I'm surprised that she wrote a entry on Jan. 13, 2002 about us. That was almost two years ago...that's how long HYPE's been around for. Pretty cool when I think about it....also at the same time kinda retarted to think about how immature we were back in grade 8,7 and 6. But then again it's cool to see how much we've all grown hehe. HYPE's now two years old....hehe yay!^_^.  This morning started off with senior band....and I'm actually starting to enjoy it. The music's pretty fun to play....and just to listen to some of it ......it's amazing stuff. Make's intermediate band look so crappy. So yeah it's been pretty wild week in band too.....I'm actually starting to get the hang of some of the music. It's actually not that hard....just some of the beats are REALLY weird.  History watched rest of Pearl Harbour Documentary, and talked about the Japanese internment camps. When I think about all the racial issues back in WWII, I sometimes wonder if Hitler would have won or not if those 6,000,000 people he killed fought for Nazi Germany instead. Just think.....another 6,000,000 armed humans sprawling across the European continent in probably another 15+ Panzer Divisions. That woulda killed. That would have meant probably another 1,500,000 men defending the beaches of D-Day alone, and probably anoter 3,000,000 could have helped in Russia. But no Hitler wanted to kill them.....there goes his victory. Anyways for the two movies....the movie Pearl Harbour actually was pretty accurate. We get to watch Saving Private Ryan next...only first 25 minutes though.....ugh the movie's so good just watch the whole thing.  Civics we talked about leadership.....pretty boring stuff. Then watched a movie w/ Martin Luther King Jr's speech on freedom and equality....you know the famous "I have a dream" one. Yeah we watched that...wasn't too exciting of a class......then lunch.  Lunch went to Jasper's again today....forgot what I had. OH YEAH I REMEMBER NOW. The burning Chicken Pot pie. My tongue still feels burned from it. You know that sandy....weird feeling. Well yeah I can still feel it and it's been 3 hours. It was DAMN GOOD though. Best chicken pie I've had in my life. Mike and John got their usual burger and breakfast (food goes in order w/ names). Hermann went out w/ Steve and them and Nate wasn't at school today. It was good pie though....mmmmmm chicken.  Math class did some graphing program. Really stupid. Apparently costs $510 for you to own it. How stupid for the government to be buying stupid programs like that lol. That money could have gone into buying 50 new basketballs......two new school computers, or maybe.......25,000 new pencils. But NOOOOOOO they HAD to buy a program we rarely use. *Sigh* the government....you gotta love em *not.*  Programming......made some program with a face winking....BOOOOORRRIIINNNNNGGGGG. I'm almost done Hyperstudio project though......such a crappy project but *shrug* lol.  Then came home off bus........and now........gonan probably go drum and then UCC. Maybe go canvassing for the Kidney Society....gotta do that by next friday hehe. Nothin' much else happened today....just that this week has gone by REAL SLOW.  I still remember on Sunday helping Janny w/ her history, Monday I was totally burned out, Tuesday Bio presentation, etc. etc. Oh yeah and LOTS of band in between those areas. I just don't get how the week passed by so SLOOOOOWLY with all that stuff to occupy me. *Shrug* hopefully next week will be different hehe.  Well originally my original posted blog was around 6 or so....but now it's 10pm and I just got back from UCC. OW MY MUSCLES HURT SO MUCH. First time working out in..........a month? Did a somewhat intense one. My biceps feel so numb still......and my chest feels messed up still too from bench. But yeah no breakin' tonite.....gotta build up muscles for.......badmintoN? Lol. And of course just for other stuff.....also I like to try to keep fit......and not become a 160 pound gr. 10 kid w/ 30% body fat. So yeah I did that today w/ Dan and Marcello basically for four hours.....good workout though. Now I'm sitting at home....blogging....gotta still practice piano....and wake up at......8 for badminton 2morrow lol. Plus worship practice, AND gym nite 2morrow....hehe long day =P.  Also on a side note.....COURSE SELECTIONS ARE SO FRIGGIN' DIFFICULT FOR GR. 11! I have too many things I want to take. If you can.....pray for the Lord's guidance to be with me while I'm confirming my courses in April. Thanks a bunch people =P.  Lates.