3/25/04   Slowly settling back into school time again....   Yup it's been four days.....and I still can't settle back into my schedule before March Break. My brain still seems to think that sleep time is until 2pm......and lunchtime is still around 2pm in my head. So yeah last 4 days.....I've been starving in the middle of either english or programming. Stupid biological clocks........GET IT RIGHT LUNCH IS AT 11AM AT SCHOOL! Yes I realize that my biological clock won't just LISTEN to me but still just getting that comment out (come on...I'll give you a pizza if you listen =P)......no I'm not talking to my stomach I'm talking to my very talkative "Left Wall Section." Yeah you can shut up now. That was directed to you....yes you...the reader.  My day started off relatively decent. Last night was the first night I actually got  7 HOURS  of sleep! IT IS POSSIBLE TO SLEEP MORE THAN 5 HOURS. And WOW was it cool.....I actually felt AWAKE for once. Morning went by pretty quickly......got everything done and left the door at about 7:50 or so. Pretty nice looking day today....sun's shining already. A great blessing from the Lord after think it was 4 straight days of rain. Yesterday when I decided to cut across the train tracks to get home.....wow my shoe was actually getting stuck in the mud.....yeah and my Iverson Questions are basically ruined for now. They're old though so I don't really care. So yes.....headed to school like usual.....radio really stunk this morning....every station played the crummiest music I've heard in my life....106.9 I just hate because it's non-stop rap....the crappy kind. I mean I don't mind some (like Nas and such).....but listening to the artists like 50 and Chingy.....random crap about stuff that doesn't even matter....yeah they need a lesson 101 on "how to rap about stuff people care about." I mean I like Nas because he actually has stuff to bring out....like how so much in society is poison (his song "Poison"). IT ACTUALLY SOUNDS COOL BECAUSE THERE'S COOL ISSUES IN IT. I mean HONESTLY why would I give a crap about what a "wanksta" looks like. Crappiest song ever....besides "Right Thurr." *Shudder.*  And at school.... Music class first. We didn't really do much....worked on Gambolier....then we got into little groups like quartets and started playing random songs.....weird.  Oh yeah....and Kiwanis week....I'll be busy...REALLY BUSY. Apparently I'm now part of Senior Band for good, playing in intermediate band, and also Stage Band X. Plus my usual piano repetoire....wow. So much stuff....and so yes that was basically music class summed up right there....  Science.....did some lab w/ people running....I was falling asleep during that time....I'm amazed my marks are still so good even though I sleep during 50% of the classes lol.....I mean I still remember at times in September where I would fall asleep while writing a note......and my note would kinda trail off into "-------------------------------"   Lunch today was different from ordinary. I didn't go eat lunch.....but instead stayed into play some basketball. O M G i'm horrible now. Sunk one from outside perimeter and then another one around the foul line. Wow I really need to start playing again lol. But yeah....played a pick up game sorta thing.....me Jason and Dan were on a team. Boy were we horrible lol. Jason was the most hyper one out of all of us like usual......and I just sucked. Long story short.....I starved for lunch =P.  Bio class........Tehmina and Rachel's group presented their presentation today on "the respiratory system." Lots of candy.....basically they killed our group in all aspects. And I've never seen so many overheads in my life. It was REALLY good presentation though.....just the content....and the game afterwards. We won! lol. Mmm........sour gummy bears and gumballs. The  gumballs I shoed 20 in my mouth.....not very smart as up until now my jaw is still numb from chewing the huge piece that was in my mouth. Well combined into one gigantic piece thing.  English...read......and went to Robert's group. John Terry and Adam Crookes are just too friggin' annoying. Nothing against Mike he's cool but the other two....yeah just can't stand them. So I went w/ Katherine, Heather, and Robert now. Robert's alright ever since I got to know him better from working on bio presentation together.....and when u sat beside him in Geo and Bio this year.....yeah you talk a little bit. Heather and Katherine are pretty cool kids too.......both seem pretty obsessive w/ drama though haha. So we started the script.....pretty much debated for 40 minutes what scene to do and whether we should add bullet-time matrix stuff for the sword fight lol. Yeah........and at one point since we figured we were short on actors.....we were planning a teddy bear to play Mercutio lmao. Yeah weird bunch of people....oh yeah and the line that my last group had.... "Where Romeo at....Dawg?!" honourable mention from teacher haha.  Badminton tryouts today.....I thought I did OK. I still don't get how they decide how good you are from watching you play doubles. Doesn't make any sense. Meh both ways I think I might have made the team.....but then again I think I may have got cut because well the 9ers basically make it on by default for experience, and Pokan plays decent. there's 10 spots. Hermann, Jacob, Brandon, Niner A, Niner B, so basically 5 spots left on the team lol. Well for the guys....I don't know anything about the girls on the team. Too many of them lol. SO yeah that was basically badminton summed up. I hope I make it at least hehe.  Afterwards, walked to bus stop w/ Mike and Dan, and then headed home. Stopped at the park to play ball w/ Dominik and Ryan for a bit. Wow I'm horrible still haha.....plus I was starving lol. So played for about.....20 minutes or so then headed home.  Napped for an hour......thats long story short at home. Drummed for a bit...and now I go eat after this blogging hehe. Yeah I'm on the phone w/ Josh discussing HYPE website so it's kinda hard to think lol. Cya.