3/24/04   Image is Nothing...Thirst is everything. Obey your Thirst   Hehe kinda funny.....yeah I bet you recognize that slogan....Sprite? Now ring a bell? Well yeah I was watching that commercial yesterday....and something pretty funny just popped in my head....the slogan can almost seem to fit for Christianity haha.....  "Image is nothing" in my mind was like....your image on this world to others is nothing....However "Thirst is Everything" reminds me of how longing to build up your relationship w/ Christ is everything. "Thirsting for his friendship." So therefore...."Obey Your Thirst"=P. Amusin' huh? Bet you never thought of it that way haha. "Image is Nothing...Thirst is everything. Obey your Thirst" hehe.  ANYWAYS.....  Yeah this week is the first week where I gotta experience Gr. 10 and Senior band all in one week....it's the first of the many future weeks....well 'till the end of the school year. So yeah....these last few days I've been averaging 5 hours of sleep a night.......Pretty sweet eh? NO. I've been so tired last few days....I just REALLY need some sleep lol.  So yes....my sleep deprivation is soaring still.....as I can barely stay awake first period each day now...but I can still manage hehe. Today though I had band....argh. So I woke up at 630.....going to bed at 1am the earlier night, and trudged out the door after a usual....slow moving morning. It's cool though how the sun's actually UP when I wake up....hehe I clearly live out the phrase "rise w/ the sun." So I got a ride to school...it wasn't actually too bad weather this morning though...right now it's raining....actually it's stopped looking out my window but it WAS raining.  Band......yes I play bass trombone now. It's bigger, louder, and cooler. It's actually shiny too ^_^. Usual repetoire....Trombones like usual sound good......and the trumpets like usual sound like a bunch of out-of-tune foghorns.Flutes and Clarinets sound good now though.....amazingly. Even though 15 flutes were missing today....you can't ever tell the difference. I think half of our band IS just flutes...and yet 4 trombones still produce more sound =P. So yeah band was pretty good today...  And after that......history class. We watched Pearl Harbour and a Documentary ON the actual battle. Compared the differences and similarities. Well basically yeah if you haven't seen the movie it's a decent example of the actual battle....I mean obviously they kinda made the Americans look "good" even though they were getting their butts kicked....but patriotism right =P. Which by the way I kinda thought was interesting how they played "happy, victorious, rah rah go America" music when......well they managed to get TWO PLANES up to fight.......300 Jap planes? lol......sad how Hollywood needs some sort of "America's got hope" thing in the movie. Also.......it's kinda stupid I still find how in the end they just HAD to add the bombing in Japan-occupied China....that was supposed to make America look "good" by retalliating...when really it was a waste of B-24 Liberator bombers, and well-trained American pilots...they just HAD to add that to the movie even though it happened almost 4 months later. The actual battle was a lot more gruesome probably......and also I doubt it'd be that amazing managing two planes to get into the air. Basically Americans had a TOTAL loss...and Japs whooped their butts. Final Casualties: Japan lost around 30 planes and 5 midget subs. America lost whole Pacific Fleet  Civics classed....watched the rest of Remember the Titans. Great movie....seen it umpteen times but still really good. "Everywhere we goOOO Everywhere we goOOO people wanna knoOOO people wanna knoOOO...."etc etc. Great cheer lol. So yeah watched that....chatted with Fenoulet and Pokan a bit...then headed for lunch.  Lol great times today at lunch. We went to Jasper's Cafe today.......Mmmmm pasta.....sho good. Some beef something something. AMAZING THOUGH......it was REALLY filling. Oh yeah and my daily cup of java too. Java, mocha, mud, Cup O' Joe.....w/e you wanna call it. New staff person today......made Thompson's breakfast look like well.....crap. Boss yelled at her too I think from what Thompson heard. Bummer hehe. And well so yeah....basically today at lunch:  John: MAN.....why do those Gr. 9 FOBS always take the couches?! Joe: Man QUIT CALLING EVERY ASIAN A FOB John: UGH BUT THOSE FOBS.... *Joe smacks Thompson across head* John: OW.....what was that for *punches Joe* *Joe Smacks Thompson across back of head...* John: GEEZ CHILL.........I only said ONE joke *Hermann then smacks Thompson....causing him  to spill his coffee all over himself*  Asians vs. Americans....Asians won lol. Hermann "accidentally" smacked Thompson while he was drinking his coffee. Hermann's excuse: (which is very original by the way)  "I DIDN'T SEE IT!"  Lol so yeah Thompson kinda look like he wet himself....so people got a few laughs out from that....he was pretty pissed though for the rest of the day. But yeah it was kinda funny.....seeing he spilled coffee on me before too.....so yeah Hermann kinda just did something I was supposed to do a LONG time ago...but I'm not that "hostile" anyways to start with. But yeah I think John's gonna kill me tomorrow lol.  Math class........WE GOT OUR TESTS BACK! Class average........51%! AMAZINGLY THOUGH I whoooped graphite ass on this test. 96%!!!! CRAPPAGE TOTALLY CHINESE-FAILED IT! NOOOOOOOOOOOO! J/k 96% is actually the best mark I've got on anything in math this year....other than stupid 2 question quizzes......I'm talkin' about like BIG KAHUNA tests. So yeah.........life's been very dear to me lately....I've had some great times....and the future is looking bright =). But I really despise geometry........trigonometry's up next. Hope it's easy. But yeah I really do thank the Lord for guidin' me through that test. It was honestly BRUTAL. So happy I only got two marks off ^_^.  Programming......well I made my first game EVER in my life today on a computer. Not interactive but it's still pretty cool. Turing is pretty basic language, but you can do a hefty bit with it. So yeah we made a checkers game. I finished mine pretty quickly and headed to surfing the web.....Lol one kid Raymond posted up the code on his website, a few others copied and got sent out to the hallway....all of em haha. Now they get zero no matter what. Bummer lol. Mitch kinda went overboard and made a movie-script-like thing to go w/ his lol.  Well after school....bused home w/ Dejan and Elaina. Talked...then walked home. Wow lucky I didn't wear K-Swiss shoes today woulda been ruined.....decided to cut across train tracks....NEVER DO IT IN THE RAIN. The grounds all muddy and squishy from lack of roots holding ground together, so yeah when water falls the soils all loose and muddy....grr my Questions are sorta ruined now. Meh. Just happy they weren't my K-Swisses. Hmm.....so yeah today kinda sucked since it was raining. Managed to get home still at least hehe.  Piano practiced, ate, MSN for a bit. Gloria was just telling me about how some Koreans get their eyelids surgically enlarged....eew. And in Mexico apparently you can do it on the streets. *shudder* reminds me of movie Minority Report. Actually I laughed at that part of the movie sadly lol.  So yeah that's basically my day up until 5pm. Doubt I'll blog later unless somethin' REALLY cool comes up. Got piano theory and stuff tonight. Grrr....Oh well haven't seen those people in theory for a week...kinda cool to see em I guess after March Break=).  So yeah....I'll just leave you with my cheesy slogan taken from Sprite:"Image is Nothing...Thirst is everything. Obey your Thirst." Lol I am overusing that phrase.  Lates.