3/23/04   Biology Presentation went DECENT....The opening of Badminton Season   So I guess March Break's ending does bring some fun.....I mean the start to a new badminton season.....hehe there's a bit of fun there I guess. Also we got a tea dispenser now at my house ^_^. So yeah these last few days have been somewhat amusing I guess since school restarted.  Well this morning did have its unfortunates. I ended up only getting 6 hours of sleep last night since I decided to stay up 'till midnight. But it was alright I still managed to wake up on time. Weird. The sun's actually up now when I wake up at 6am. Good sign of summer I guess. So this morning was a bit welcoming I guess....the sun's up now when I rise. Cool. Well then I head to school after doing my usual morning routine.....and off to senior band I go.....whoo.  This morning......wow it was a bit of a waste lol. I mean I was signed up to play basically just Godzilla Eats Las Vegas.....but in the end now I am basically PART of the senior band. Meh......it's kinda cool but at the same time VERY HARD. Senior music is actually a bit difficult compared to the stuff I play right now. Next year I might actually have to start practicing for band =P.  After band today......MUSIC! Featuring back....MRS. WHARTON! Yes the teacher I'm supposed to have is finally back. And yes it was an interesting music class. Much more open than usual which was pretty cool. So we just played random songs.....and stuff like that. Basically just chatted around since it was her first "full day" back.  Science......notes notes and more notes. Fake quiz on first day...which was really lame of Mr. Curphey to do. HA HE'S LAME AND THAT'S LAME......shut up.  Lunchtime..................today I headed out to Galleria and bought Subway.....mmmmmmmmmmmm subs. And then I had to buy a prize for our bio presentation......we have a cheesy mini-game show that totally failed at the end lol.  BIOLOGY! Summarizing: The presentation by me, Robert, Adam and Everett KICKED ASS. Well I think at least lol. We took up the whole 75 minutes. It's actually not that difficult to. In fact, we could have taken up more time....ok maybe not because we just ran a video in the end. About a "nutrition rave" in Los Angeles somewhere. it's a rave....but instead of E it's vitamin supplements and instead of booze it's juice. Interesting I know lol. So yeah basically Adam did the powerpoint, I did the talkin for the intro and some other add-ins, and Okanski and Robert split up vitamins and minerals. Oh yeah and Adam's intelligence at its prime:  Adam: Alright people.....now time for some questions to see if you were paying attention. Flip that note over on its back so NO CHEATING =D. Joe: Adam....the sheets double sided.  Yup.....so our game kinda bombed. Adam assumed we were supposed to let them write the answers down and first person to hand in all the right answers wins. Well MY original idea was to ASK them with a VOICE and have them put up their hands. So yeah....unfortunately in the end after much confusion and getting some people pissed off *I think half the class wants to kill me now =S* We FINALLY managed to find a winner. Some dude in gr. 11. Meh. I really don't care....it's 3 bucks of fried potatoes. I mean yeah they're good but fighting over them? PEOPLE THOSE FRIED PIECES OF POTATO CLOG YOUR ARTERIES. I mean HONESTLY their fighting for deterioration of their bodies lol. Maybe I'm going to far but yeah just somethin' that Adam said that inspired that hehe.  English......read. Then I had to stay back because I left "early." Wow two minutes before the bell SORRY. Not that I care since I have badminton anyways....and 'sides more time to finish my novel. War Angel.....about 9/11 a bit and some other stuff. It's alright I guess.....grr I wanted to get Tribulation Force (2nd book of Left Behind). But yeah off to badminton now...  Badminton..........meh fun fun I guess =P. I think I'll get cut though lol I'm actually terrible now. All I can really do is drive and clear....my smashes aren't much better than before. If I even have a chance it'll be because of "technique" and not brute force. I hate smashing so much.....lucky I can kinda receive em hehe. But yeah not much to say about that.....just playing and stuff. There are some decent 9ers actually........BUT SO MANY OF THEM! Like 20 of them....and only 10 gr.10's. Oh yeah and 70% of the team are asians......and 90% of them are FOBS lol. Me, Hermann and PK seem to be the only people that don't even seem FOBee. Oh yeah and of course the white kids hehe.  Well yeah now I'm home....nothin' much happened as you can see today. Well least my bio presentation went well. I seem to pray a lot more than before now though ever since my Gr. 10 year started....and so far it's been doing  good for me =P. I feel pretty comfortable public speaking now too.....today I actually didn't speed up like usual. Oh yeah tried cracking one or two lame jokes too lol. But yeah I'm out.......think I'm gonna go drum for a bit. So until tomorrow......here's your daily cup O' Joe....fresh off the uh.......keyboard?