3/22/04   NOW I remember why NEVER to blog early AGAIN   Hehe......well my plan to blog earlier yesterday was pretty stupid. I now remember why I don't blog until my whole day has passed hehe. Well I'm first gonna blog about what happened yesterday AFTER my blog post went up.....as one of the weirdest things ever came up. Well not weird exactly.....but more of like....cool actually...  *Flashin' back to last night*  Well after blogging, I basically spent the rest of the day yesterday doing the mound of homework I had due for today and tomorrow. Well the Biology note had to get done since I needed to get Ms. Wiener to photocopy it, so it was kinda default that I had to do it. But yeah my night kinda took a turn *instead of sleepin' at 11 I slept at 1* when I helped someone do their history...no it wasn't anyone in London but someone I met @ TC. After helpin' her w/ her project *no names mentioned* we started talkin' n' stuff, and then by the end.....she basically told me about how her life's not exactly too cool at the moment and how @ TC she never really felt that comfortable. It was kinda cool though how earlier that day in Sunday School the speaker that came in to talk to us.....talked kinda about the same thing. ...  Basically he never had a great childhood or anything, and didn't  turn to God until about 16. So I told her the story, and I don't know what effect it had on her up until now. But yeah I started prayin' for her last night also. Thought I'd share that....was kinda interestin' how somethin' I learned at 11 came handy 13 hours later. It was also my first time helpin' out someone in a Spiritual "depression." Basically she wasn't havin' exactly a great time growin' in Christ. I talked to some other people about what I should do.....and I just hope the advice I gave her was really from Christ himself. So after that THEN I started the bio and stayed up till 1am. Wonder how she's feelin' right now...  *Back to now*  So yeah...for the whole day today I was still thinkin' about what happened yesterday. So basically I didn't sleep until 'bout 2am last night. Lucky it wasn't band night or I woulda been screwed =P.  So I woke up around 730.....and then did usual morning routine and headed out  the door with Patrick. Got to school pretty early actually which was surprising. History class was ok today.....we didn't really do anything.....just usual note-taking and preparing for next day where we're gonna compare the movie "Pearl Harbour" *Parts of it* and some documentary to see how real the movie really was. Funny though when Mr. Campell had to sub for Ms. Manson for a bit today. He was makin' Ms. Manson seem like a dictator haha. Actually I like his teaching style better......waaay more laid back and not as serious. Also today in history.....I just felt REALLY sick.....wanted to go home but I felt better throughout the day. Kinda started prayin' in my head. So yeah it was pretty boring.......you know usual history class. I mean I like the subject....just sometimes Ms. Manson makes it so......BORING.  Civics class.....whee *there Gertrude I spelled it WHEE* we started watching "Remember the Titans!" FINALLY! Something that DOESN'T require AS much work. No note-taking for 140 minutes in a row! er wait 150 since periods are 75 mins long each, and having that two periods in a row in the same room w/ the same teacher is pretty unappealing. So yeah..........watching the movie. AWESOME MOVIE if you people have never seen it. Seen the thing probably over 10 times already.  Lunch today went out like usual. I couldn't really eat though. Wow first time I had no appetite at mealtime. *Cringes at that thought.* HOW?! I have no clue...but it got to the point where I gave Thompson one of my pancakes and Hermann a piece of toast. ME!? GIVING AWAY MY LUNCH!? Yeah it's unusual.....but I just had no will to eat today. *Shrug.*  Math class.....YES I DON'T FEEL AS BAD AS THIS MORNING IN HISTORY! So yeah I actually got to intake some KNOWLEDGE. AAAH I'M LEARNING! Started geometry.....my dislike in the math subjects. Why can't we do algebra? It actually makes sense. Who cares about.....ANGLES and LENGTHS OF SIDES and if a stupid triangle is CONGRUENT. I'd rather figure out what "a" equals to than looking at two ALMOST identical shapes, calling them CONGRUENT or NOT and then getting it wrong because I was off by half an inch or something. THEY'RE CLOSE ENOUGH. But most of all the funnest math unit......is probably BEDMAS. So useful and easy ^_^.  Programming.......BORING. That should basically be enough to say.  Stage Band X today.....actually we are beginning to sound decent. I'm actually beginning to like the sound we produce.......sometimes.  Ohh yes the bass trombone I play in Stage Band X.....shooooo shiny lol. It actually still looks like BRASS and not like PLASTIC.  Well when I got home......I drummed for an hour then watched TV. Then slept.  Now what am I doing? Well after finishing this blog I'm going to eat, then do homework, and then sleep. Senior Band tomorrow. OH YEAH also tomorrow MRS. WHARTON'S back to teach us! SWEET! No more Mr. McCumber I just remembered hahaha.  But anyways.......by day's end my mind's been cleared up from all the thoughts I had from last 3-4 days, and I just feel a lot better compared to this morning health-wise. So I'm cool for now. Lol Ada just told me she d/l all the pics off Martha's MSN group. Craaaazy........almost 70 pics haha. And now I'm off to dinner. Mmmm.........foooooood^_^. Later.