3/21/04   Early Blog....there's sometin new   Blogging at 230?! From ME!? NOOOOOO WAY! Well yeah believe it....it's happenin' right now. Yeah today I'm gonna basically be cooped up in my house anyways.....drumming, h/w, etc etc. So much work to do today that I kinda shoved behind me from March Break. Then again who doesn't do that hehe. So yeah I'm officially settled back into my slow-paced hick life.....filled with loads of sleep, piano, drumming, and blogging. Of course though I'm gonna keep on pushin' on the goals I've set for myself at TC. But just from last night after I stopped blogging until even now....I'm still thinking of all the crazy stuff that's happened these past few days. I mean I felt God's presence just.....so much more I guess. Now I'm realizin' that before when I complained about God not being there for me or sometin', really it's just me being too ignorant to even stop and listen to anyone....including God. So yeah after realizing that today during church....I'm going to try to look around everyday for how God's done something for me each day in my blog....as I know everyday he provides me with something. I just hope that I can keep this goal and that this isn't a "spiritual high" aftermath.  Well today I woke up at usual time. Wow reflecting on your week until 3am isn't exactly MOST intelligent thing to do the night before church....but really cleared my mind. It was so weird though. While I was thinkin'......all these weird noises were coming out of my compy. Either I think too much of Silent Hill 3 (there was like a high pitched noise comin' from somewhere) or yeah sometin' weird was goin' on. Well I guess I was thinkin' at the time maybe it was time to go to sleep. So yeah headed upstairs....and then decided to read Psalm 23 tonight. I guess I'm kinda going off track with my devos.....but sometimes I just like to read the Bible on my own and not follow guidelines. So after waking up this morning.......I had a quick breakfast then ran out the door. Picked up Jason and then English Service here I come!  Today was pretty interesting for english service. Well before anything else Calvin and Carmen are on a two-game losing streak for ushering. Showed up late both times. Yeah I do realize I'm still on a hockey aftermath from the "Spiritual hat-Trick" thing but meh I like hockey....and it does kinda make sense. Sorta. Maybe. Somewhat.....Anyways point is me and Gavin had to take over for ushering today. English service saw a new dude come in. Think his name was Greg dun really remember. But yeah hope that dude keeps on comin. Service today also took a different route.....we had TEAM Missionaries come in and speak to us.   The speaker, who's name was Charlie, spoke about well.....missionary work today. He read from Acts chapter 1, and the memory verse for this week I find pretty cool. It reads:  "But you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes on you; and you will be my witnesses in Jerusalem, and in all Judea and Samaria, and to the ends of the earth."  By the way that's verse 8. So from that one line the speaker Charlie was speaking about how missionaries should be witnesses all the time anywhere. Sadly I was kinda falling asleep from lack of sleep last night....so I went downstairs and slashed some water on my face to wake me up. I felt alright after that. After the sermon though.....Ali who was doing song of response w/ worship team went up and read the EXACT verse I was thinkin' about. The verse is Isaiah 6:8, which reads:  "Then I heard the voice of the Lord saying, "Whom shall I send? And who will go for us?" And I said, "Here am I. Send me!"   I remember that verse as last year for TC 2003 I was in team Isaiah, and that verse was our "key" verse I guess you can say. But yeah I did some thoughts on it a while back, and I just find it pretty cool how Isaiah was already so enthusiastic about doing such works. Heh these few months have shown me so many people that sacrifice so much to get to know God. I feel as though God is telling me "Joe, you can still sacrifice much more." I really do believe in that....as this is why I am beginning to improve my prayers and increase the time spent on devos. Oh yeah Carmen and Calvin managed to make it for offering part of their ushering task though. Least they made it. Better late than never as they say.  After service.....well my SECOND bag in FOUR DAYS broke. The strap on this one broke piece of crap lol. I hopped off of the stage and *snap.* Lucky I have a spare strap. On my TIME bag the strap was still intact, but the ring for the strap broke. So yeah I've been havin' pretty bad luck w/ duffel bags last few days. But now time for class =P.  Class today we listened to the Len Nation's story of his life. Wait I think his first name was Len. Well anyways the speaker was talking about how he ever came about to becoming a pastor and pastoring at a church. Apparently he was raised in a pretty crummy area, his parents divorced, and he just never had a decent childhood. High school he was basically the school bully, narc dealer and booze hound. But after this one even that happened.....the gov't put him into a juvie program that forced him 4000 miles away from community and they had to climb the Rockies. Basically each day was military training, and then one day.....a huge glacier avalanche came down. A barrage of snow, ice, and debris started hurtling down the hill, and him and the other juvies ran to take cover. He happened to find a big indent to hide behind for cover, and he said that as he was sitting there with all the stuff flying by he felt and pictured God "holding him by the neck with a dagger in other hand." But....after that....God just stood back....like backed off, as though forgiving him and giving Len mercy. See all Mr. Nation's life he's been doing everything possible against God as he hated him, but when God seemed to still forgive him, Mr. Nation was just so amazed at God's Grace. Pastor Mackness said that it's almost like the Song "Amazing Grace," which talks of Christ even saving a wretch like the composer. So yeah i've met some pretty cool people last few days. Pastor Bartha was just an amazin' speaker @ TC (like the story of how someone was almost 'bout to kill him but backed off when Bartha said if he died, then his word would spread even faster from the fact someone would kill him for that), Sumair for his amazin' story about how he came to Christ, and today Mr. Len Nation for basically giving us his testimony. Craaaazy stuff, but cool.  Well yeah that is basically the highlight of my day. For the rest of my day, I'm gonna be doin' the homework I've held back and just drum around. Not much variety of stuff but it's gotta be done. So yeah......until later.....Lates.