3/20/04   Spiritual Hat Trick By Christ himself   OK.....well after TC 2004....you know....especially this year as I had mentioned before I feel re-dedicated and refreshed. God already showed me so much this week. I'll basically go straight into the whole "Spiritual Hat-Trick" in a moment.....but today was just so spiritually amazing. No wait....correction that this WEEK has just been.....so powerful. I was gonna say weird but earlier when I was talkin' to my dad he used the word "powerful," which I find MUCH more appropriate.  Well today sadly was the day I head back to London. *sigh* TC 2004, the chillin' in downtown T-dot, yeah it's all gonna be cherished for a while hehehe. I mean......just havin' bot hthe priviledges of Spiritual growth....and just havin a blast w/ some friends......yeah it's honestly some of the best times that I think you can have on this earth. So yeah.....we said our final good-byes and stuff, and headed out the door for our final subway ride down to Union Station for home. This morning I was really missin' TC lol.  Well before headin' out the door.....logged on MSN for a bit and checked my blog's g-bookie. It's CRAZY how small this world is. Apparently the counselor that helped me re-dedicate......is none other than Gerty's Cousin! Waaaaah.........Daniel Trinh and Gerty are related!? NOOOOOOO WAY! And then also....I found out that Jesse Wong apparently knows one of Jenn's friends. And then she told me that Jesse's girlfriend goes to TCBC. Wow what a small world just thinkin' about it now. My old HYPE counselor somehow knows Jenn lol. Er Jenn's friend. And Gerty's cousin helped me get my life back on track? Incredible. So cool though =P.  But yeah....got a drive from Dave's parents to the Subway stop.....and then said our Thank-You's and stuff and then headed downstairs. Stupid Toronto subway. I thought I got stuck in the revolving doors. I was going through VERY slowly through the door w/ my gargantuan bag when I hear a *click* and I'm thinkin "There's no friggin way your lockin' on my ya piece of crap." Thankfully it was a false alarm lol, but yeah it was pretty scary at the moment=P. But yeah then we headed to the train stop.....found Jason *we were a bit late but we lived* then quickly ran to the train. JUST MADE IT FOR BOARDING. Too bad all the group seats are taken *blast* but we managed to find some aisle seats near one another. However though this would lead me to a really weird thought later on...  Well as the train started headin' off, I started listenin' to music. Jason was already slowly dozin', Gavin was readin his TC booklet, and Josh I'm not sure of because he sat in front of me. I know though he did his devos because I saw him do his when I started doing mine. I haven't been using the ODB actually for a bit, and I'm actually gonna probably begin using the Purpose Driven Life devo book for the next well......40 days hehe. But today I just read Matthew 6, and just read over how to pray once again. To me honestly, prayer is probably like THE biggest thing. Just the idea of putting total faith on the Heavenly Father.....yeah that's why I think prayer is one of the most powerful things out of all the things to do for a Christian. So yeah I am finding the Lectio Divina method of doing devos pretty effective. i'm really startin' to sometimes really be able to just PICTURE the exact happenings of the stuff written in the Good Book. So did my Devos in about 40 minutes....yeah I find long time devotions really is effective. I did it last night too....read Acts chapter two about when the Apostles started to talk in different languages all of a sudden after being filled with the Holy Spirit. So yeah I guess TC did effect me a hefty bit this year. I just hope that it lasts on until....well.....ever hehe. Well yeah just finished devos and......PERFECT TIMING! Lunch =P.  Mmm.....Ham and Cheese sandwich. The marvelous talent of VIA cooks =P. Gavin payed for my meal since he owed me $$$. So his 7 dollar debts been paid.....and Josh still owes me 2.50 hehe. David still owes me 15 bucks from bus tickets lol. So yeah it was a pretty good lunch. Gave my peanuts to some dude sitting beside me. Pretty cool guy though. We chatted a bit about few things. UT2K4, gaming, even a bit about religion. Was kinda interesting to see him having a Muslim Qo-Ran. So I asked him if he was Muslim. Apparently he's Catholic....just readin Qo-Ran for more knowledge. Kinda intersting though....I sorta wanna get to know other religions better though too. So after that I then started to listen to my music for.......hmm.....30 minutes or so. Oh yeah really weird....I think I saw my careers teacher in the train too =S.   Actually one thing that kinda got me thinkin' on the train today was my devo. See....there's always people saying how the Bible's "contradictory" but honestly I have never seen it happen before. Well today I ALMOST thought that with the line "don't pray like the Gentiles do." Thing is though...I am a Gentile. I'm a non-Jewish Christian. However....as I kept thinking about it....it did make sense in the end. I mean....it's sorta like how if you read something saying something like "don't program this program like the humans did." However, you're a human being. A Person. But, you can still change your way from how the previous humans programmed.  It's like how I'm a Gentile Christian.....but I don't do what the Gentiles do in Prayer. Get it?  Well after chattin' for a bit n' stuff, FINALLY LONDON ONTARIO. Blast. I was actually kinda sad too because now I'm officially 200 kilometres from Toronto. Crappage. Well got a ride from Gavin's parents......and off to home I went.  Home.....basically I sat in front of the comp chattin' to TC kids, reorganizing comp, and just lookin at the 97+ pics I took while on vacation hehehe. Wonder how I'm gonna get these developed lol. So talked to TC kids, and then this was where the Spiritual Hat-Trick came in.  I used the term "Hat-Trick" as first I'm a hockey fan and I felt God has majorly showed me three amazing things this last week. First one: gotta be the craaaazy dedication that I saw my counselor Sumair have from being a "sorta" Muslim guy to a devoted Christian. I was wowed by how he became one. He had to just go through so much toil, and arguments at times to get to his goal. But I really praise the Lord for lettin' him receive the prize. So yeah that was the one big first thing that hit me. So that's One "Goal."  The second feat that God showed me of himself was the WHOLE TC 2004 day two. First thing that was when I re-dedicated myself to God....and I was just almost in tears in seeing so many people either re-dedicating or dedicating for the first time. Really felt a warm feeling in my heart. And also just the final worship......when I prayed for most of it....and just reflected.....wow so much happened there. I doubt I'll be able to describe it in blog....but it was just sometin' that I never felt before. I mean....I just felt the Holy Spirit just take over me and seem to say "Welcome back Joe into God's arms."  And also after Gavin's talk today about how he felt demons and stuff during worship.....real deep stuff but really makes me think twice about why I'm so priviledged to know Christ. It's also crazy how Gavin felt it during worship....just shows how powerful Satan's presence can be....yet be defeated by Words of God when Gavin prayed for it to leave. So yeah that was Goal #2.  Now the 3rd one. This one is a bit weird. I mean it started off with a debate w/ Josh on whether d/l music is cool or not. Now personally up until now I still don't consider it "stealing" but he did. So we kinda got into an argument *details not included* and then in the end I kinda ended with a "Alrite I'll stop d/l music if either God or the Artist tells me to stop." Well....this sentence I think kinda cornered me as God would show me at fellowship. See today we had a workshop on "descision making" and how the four main things that affect it are:  Values Virtues Variables Vision  So yeah.....I was thinkin' "wow....these things are basically the things I was goin' through my head when I was debating with Josh." Now though.......I don't know for sure if God's tellin' me to stop d/l music though....cuz I mean....I'm not exactly selling it for myself, I'm just d/l em for my own musical appreciation.I guess I kinda live by the sense that music is like art. Josh actually came up with this analogy. Art if you like it can be sketched for appreciation. So basically well I basically just download the music for appreciation. So up until now....I'm still a bit confused, but as the night is going by *it's 1am now* I think I'm starting to get a clearer vision of this. I mean.....I guess I've been livin' by the whole idea of "private use is OK" sorta thing. But I think I'll be buyin' CD's soon anyways. But yeah......I guess it just made me think today...."God REALLY does speak when you challenge him." So yeah.......think I'm gonna be thinkin' twice before I type now. Just how direct and how quickly The Lord answered me....wow. Thanks for the eye-opener God.  Well.......actually come to think of it Christ scored more than 3 goals this week. There was also the very strange thing of how my workshop got switched.......but it was switched for the best. Originally I was gonna take a workshop on relationships and another on Music and Evangelism....but in the end the Music one got cut off....which left me with none other than....."Give me Oil in my Lamp." This workshop was for the best though. I now really know what "doing my devos" really means....er wait what was the other word I used before....socializing w/ Christ? That works hehe. So yeah and also....I am now beginning to fix up my prayer. In fact I tried it out today.....and I was amazed how fluent my prayer went. It was as though the Holy Spirit was actually in me.....speaking out of me word for word. So yeah.......put it this way forget the hat-trick thing. What's someone who's scored more than 12 goals in one game called =P.  As for the rest of fellowship tonight......well after the little Missions Presentation we got from a group of missionaries, HYPE had their own little meeting about TC. Junior one really seems watered down from the previous ones. I guess removing the workshops really had sometin' to do with it. But yeah Steph seemed to have a cool week back in London too w/ her dad. And then the seniors (me, Gavin, Josh, Brian and Jason) had LOTS to say. So yeah we took up about an hour. Talked about so much. I mean just some things I remember off the top of my head.....  Well Josh talked about the vision of heaven that he had a while ago. Thing is though this time he was tellin' us about how he afterwards prayed for each of us to either experience or envision God in another way. Surprisingly without me knowing......it happened. That dream I told you about a while ago about my church growing? Well...see these were all never on our prayer request lists......yet we somehow seemed to mentally communicate. And Gavin............he's really been experiencing so much. That little dude can take in a hefty bit of stuff in a few days. I mean....if his seeing the Spiritual Realm gift is true......wow he's got lots of courage to use it. So yeah today I've been stunned, confused, amazed, and just recognizing God's power all at once. So much has happened.....I think that tomorrow morning *Sunday* is one Sunday that I truly need to clear up my mind. I mean today in fellowship I wrote so much.....my booklet I got from TC looks like a collage of graphite. We talked alot also just about how TC seemed to connect us back to our HYPE lessons too (Spiritual Gifts one mainly) and how it's affected us. This is actually pretty cool how these last few days seem to go so well......it's like the total opposite of my windmills=P. Oh yeah also....Josh talked about his little talk w/ Lily about religion. Well apparently that has now spurred Josh into tryin' to look into Buddhism and see what makes them tick. I just hope that Josh knows where he's goin.....same w/ Gavin and his Spiritual Gift.  From all this thoughI'm really startin' to have a new look on pre-destination. I don't know why....but all this seems to have been set up perfectly. It's like putting a sports play into action and working 100% smoothly. I mean Workshop change, the message Pastor Kirk gave, Josh's prayers.....too good to be random. So yeah...these few days.....I really have had lots of reflecting time. And I'm thankful I had the  time....just so much to think about.  Well after the long discussion......got some forms n' stuff for gym nite....and then went into groups for prayer. Me, Gavin and Carmen got put together into one group. I actually liked it though. I mean the talk we had.....about Spiritually preparing for battle and how to be careful of using our gifts....really cool stuff. But yeah just hope they are careful with it and use it with the right aim. So yeah this was when I prayed.....the most fluent prayer......I had ever heard myself speak. So yeah....this was a great note to end on from the whole week.  So yeah.....I gotta be headin' to bed. Lol me and Karen have been postin' pics up on Martha MSN Group (http://groups.msn.com/m-a-r-t-h-a) so yeah I've been kept busy for a while hehe. Well I'm out for the night. But just thinkin' back on all the stuff that's happened......I mean TC 2004, the talk at fellowship, and the somewhat ongoing debate in my mind about d/l music. Still though I think I'll still be d/l music....but honestly not as frequent. Also I may start to be buyin' some WOW Worship CD's. But yeah....this week has just been awesome. I'll be bloggin' more tomorrow....since I'm gonna be a bit of a hermit doing all my h/w hehehehe. So yeah I'm out kids. Later.