3/19/04   Downtown Toronto=Fun =P (though we got lost for 2 hours =P)   So last day in Toronto.....yeah it was pretty cool. Sadly it's the last day of March Break though.....and also the last day of me spending time in T-dot. Ugh Monday......back to stinkin' school. This March Break has just been too much fun. I got reminded of school again when David was  complaining about the 2 pages of math homework he has for this March Break. Sadly I have homework too. Ms. Manson gave us a flippin' history PROJECT basically on Hitler's propaganda in Germany, plus a science lab and my Bio project still. Argh Sunday I'm gonna be cooped up inside doing 3 projects blast. Oh well least I had my fun this March Break. TC 2004, Chillin' around in London, and of  course runnin' around Downtown Toronto like typical tourists lol. So yeah this March break was pretty awesome. I liked it a lot at least....don't know about the others about walking in circles in T-dot=P.  Well our plan to wake up at 10 kinda got scrapped when no one cared about the alarm clock and headed straight for bed for another hour. So yeah nothing from there till then =P.  *One Hour Later*  11AM!? Uh oh....we were supposed to be gone by now but we have just woke up lol. So yeah we kinda started getting ready slowly. Played some G-Cube, Talked on MSN, and tried getting some TC kids if we found any to come to Toronto too. Unfortunately everyone was already doing stuff......or too lazy so in the end it was the original people: Me, Dave, Josh, Gavin and Jason.  Now we WERE supposed to leave at ASAP....but the ASAP turned into a LONG TIME after it took us about 30 mins to get bus tickets. In the end I ended up getting a ride from Dave's mom to Dominion to buy them......and then went back to the house and we headed out for the bus stop. Wow......our morning started off bad. After getting the tickets......we still screw up when David forgets where the shorcut to the bus stop is lol. So we ended up walking an extra.....hmm 30 minutes or so and then FINALLY got to the bus stop after taking a few unecessary turns. Amazingly no one complained. Me and Dave were still pondering on where the shortcut was.....and Gavin and Josh I think were talking about their TC experience. So yeah it was pretty well....quiet walk lol. Well afterwards.....after about 40 minutes we FINALLY managed to get to the bus stop....then waited for another 20 minutes for the bus. WHOO! SUCCESSFUL! WE HAVE MADE IT THROUGH STEP ONE!  Now.....off the bus and off to the subway. THIS is the complicated part. Up until now I don't know if we were supposed to pay, get a transfer, or not bother to do anything and just hop on the subway. So I did choice 3. Nothing happened so I guess that it was ok lol. I think we were supposed to get a transfer but I didn't really care since bus driver was a smurf. I was kinda peeved but we still got to our aim location: The Eaton Centre. But.....we didn't get there at the aim time....we were 30 minutes late lol. Oh yeah but while on the Subway....Today was the day Gavin actually discovered London has no subway, though he's been livin' in the hicktown for over 10 years:  Gavin: This is my first time on a subway...pretty cool Joe: Heh yeah HK's subway way cooler though. I've been using subway a lot in HK, Montreal and stuff. Gavin:Is there one in London? *Josh and Joe just look stunned* Josh:*ehem* Yes Gavin London has a subway system using every Mac's variety store as a subway stop. Gavin: REALLY!? How come I never knew about it?! *Joe and JOsh just look at each other amazed at Gavin's stupidity* Josh: Yes Gavin....all you do when you go to Mac's is ask the store manager for a key to the back, and then you open a door, go down a few flights of stairs, and there you are London's premier Subway System. Gavin: Uhh.....*kinda doubtful look* are you sure. *Joe and Josh just shake their heads with a 'Gavin your an idiot' expression* Gavin: Aww nuts....*slaps himself*  yes.......probably biggest blonde moment on this vacation lol. Amazed it happened in the aftermath of TC. Also sadly Josh was the one that explained it and he's been livin' the least amount of time in London and knows more than Gavin lol.  So when we got there....first thing we had to do was find Jason. So no sign of him at subway where we were gonna meet, so we went to EB since we thought he'd be there. After realizing this is the most pathetic idea, we decided to call his cell. And yes he was pissed off lol. Threatened to cut off his leg and hit us with it. "Ok go for it Jason...." He kinda just thought about it then lol. Maybe it wasn't such a good idea huh Jason =P. Well after that we headed down to the food court for some lunch.  Jap or A&W? Hmm....Root beer owns Jap so A&W it is =P. So we ate lunch......very "nutritious" meal of a teen burger combo =P.  So after the eating.....we kinda just roamed around the mall for a bit. I really wish I lived in Toronto. Eaton Centre is actually such a crazy mall. First off there were breakers today sineit was like Busker week or something where random people could just volunteer to take some time and show off something *music, dance, anything) and just to bring a crowd. The breakers were decent. One had a roll-back Hollowback and another one had a spinning airchair. Then there was this horrible group of chicks doing a crappy Choreoed Dance. *Shudder* wow did it suck. Looked at it for 'bout 10 secs then left lol. Places we went to today....mostly places like Athlete's World and Foot Locker and stuff. Oh yeah had to buy a new bag since my Time Magazine one broke lol. So yeah now I have a new duffel bag =P. And also Head Quarters....AMAZIN place for hats lol. Bought two new hats, and also......my now treasured......NOWITZKI JERSEY! Not a authentic but meh still alrite =P. One of the 70 dollar Reebok ones. For some reason though Sport Chek was selling NY Rangers Jerseys for more $$$ than Jerseys w/ player names. Maybe because Rangers is Authentic Jersey. Oh wait wouldn't that be worth 10 bucks then =P.  So after spending time at the Eaton centre.....well we decided to walk around downtown Toronto. Now unfortunately we didn't make use of our TTC day pass much, and ended up circling around downtown Toronto not knowing where we were headed lol. I find downtown Athlete's World near very end which kinda sucked *blast.* Grrr...Yes and I manage to get all the blame for going nowhere in one and a half hours. Whoo. How nice of them=P. But meh stuff like that always happens. I don't mind walking around downtown for over 3 hours but they're legs were hurting....and Gavin was sorta feelin' sick he said. So yeah we ended up kinda just milling around random places...somehow ended up at Union Station and decided to leave for home (it's about 7pm already now). Jason left for his Raptors game around 6pm and we WERE gonna go to Mopicks, but since Gavin' wasn't feelin' well we all agreed to go home....or at least some place closer  to home to eat. Oh yeah on a side note.....bumped into Paul Nielsen today. Weird.....never expected to see anyone from London. Crazy how I saw him in a city of 5,000,000+ people. Said our heys then kinda left, since I think he was catching a train and I was trying to run back to Gavin Josh and Dave.  Now back on the subway. Subed up to Fairview and had dinner there. Mmmm.....Taco Bell. I know it can be gross at times but it is still a decent place to go to. The whole day today though.....has been filled with TC talk. None of us can even try to get the thoughts of the great times we've had this year. I mean the spiritual growth we all had, meetin' new friends, and just catchin' up with old friends from previous TC's......yeah unforgettable times. Just wait'll TC 2005.....I'LL BE A CAPTAIN *hopefully* MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!  I won't say much about trip home....other than the fact I finally figured out how the Toronto Transit system WORKS. SHWEET! Next year I won't look as big of a tourist, even though I already did look like one for a while @ TC when I was carrying around some of my group's bags and carrying like 3 cameras at times lol. So yeah just wait till the summer boys n' girls.....I won't look as Touristy as before =P.  Well for now.....this was basically my day. Slept, Chilled in Downtown, and then headed home. These last three days have really been a blessing. For Wednesday and Thursday.....God once again has forgiven me.....and now I'm a re-dedicated follower of Christ. Somethin' I really needed to do. Thanks a lot God....MAAAD Props. And Friday.....just a day of relaxin' and seein' what Toronto really has to show about itself. Yeah Toronto was pretty cool once again. Summer I hope the times will be just as chillin' when we get a Martha reunion set up. YEAH THAT'S RIGHT MARTHA.....REUNION IN SUMMER K =).  So yeah I'm probably gonna spend my few final hours in Toronto now packing, just chattin' wit people from TC on MSN, and of course play a bit of G-Cube and just talk with Josh and em. So until tomorrow's blog.....where I'll be in Home *not so sweet but still alright* home....the L-Dot. Londontown. L-Unit. Little England....Poser Toronto....you get the point we are probably the unknown big city in Canada lol. But yeah today was fairly interesting.....chilled....and we totally lost our sense of direction....to the point so bad East was officially unofficially West. Like I said we really needed to take in our direction senses in for a tune-up.  Anyways yeah I'm out for the night. For now I'm gonna just chill w/ my final hours here.....and then sleep and get ready for the big trip home tomorrow=P. So yeah once again....Shout Out to all TCers and.....yeah guess that's it hehehe. Keep on growin' in Christ kids.  Lates=P.