3/18/04   TC 2004: Re-dedication in my life...I am reallly thankful for making it to Day 2    This year.....I MADE IT TO DAY 2! No projectile Vomiting (YES!) and I think this was all totally set up by the Lord this year. I mean, I've never had such a feeling of Christ being in me to make me re-dedicate my life. I mean sure I've been going to church, and praying and doing devos (somewhat poorly but I'll catch up), today really marks a pretty special day in my life compared to last TC or even yesterday at TC.  Today was a bit more reaxing for me. I mean, no waking up at 730, and today I got to wake up at 8 ^_^. Basically Gavin dragged me out of bed today, so yeah I trudged upstairs, had a breakfast of pizza again, and then did daily morning routine and headed out the door for TC day 2.....a day that will be in my mind for a LOONG time.  Day started off with worship today, where my group unfortunately had to sit in the back *grrr.* Oh well we are still all worshipping the same God, just that I like sitting near the front better. So yeah worship today was like yesterday, a big greate blast of warm air into the sanctuary as 700+ Christian youths are worshipping the Lord. It was great and all....but honestly sometimes it seems like a show more than worship when people start turning into a mosh pit at times. But overall I mean the atmosphere is VERY welcoming and I can see why non-Christians would be so convinced to turn to Christ after going to TC. Honestly I think that the praise time at TC really gives you a Spiritual shot of Caffeine as both days I have been attentive in the sermons....which I find interesting...being I woke up ounly like 1 hour ago =P.  Sermon today was about the gospel of John. Actually mostly the 1st chapter. Verses 1-34 if I'm not wrong. But yeah it was speaking of the Word of God with the famous line "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Verse 1 of John by the way. So yeah he spoke about that, and about the life of John the Baptist....well when he was baptizing people in the Jordan and baptized Jesus and how he came to fortell the coming of Jesus. I was actually keeping track in my Bible and everything....very exciting ^_^. Though I knew the story fairly well, but re-reading it always brings something new up, which I'll talk about more in the evening when something just shot a HYPE memory back in my head. The main thing though about the morning sermon....was that I re-dedicated my life to Christ. Pastor Bartha had this analogy of sin as a dead, roadkilled raccoon. You take it then wear it under your shirt. No one can see it, but they can sense it (smell, and just by attitude in reality) and also you feel pain ("the raccoon is now rotting and eating at your skin" quoted from Pastor Bartha) of the sin. So after he said that, I just thought of all the sins that I kind of just quickly asked for forgiveness, then shoved it into the back of my mind. So after this sermon.....I really felt that Christ brought me to TC here for a true reason. In fact after the sermon and Pastor Bartha called for the people who wanted to either re-dedicate or dedicate their lives for the first time for Christ to go up to the front (altar calls), I went up. Really was a great feeling. I just felt so Spiritually cleansed right at that moment, with all those sins I had been shoving in the back of my mind just washed away. Afterwards they also took us up to the chapel for a small talk, where I met Daniel Trinh.  At first I thought I was in the wrong place. But afterwards, with some talking, I finally really realized....this was the perfect place I had needed for more than 3 years. Just the fact that the counselor I had (Daniel) was pretty open, and he was in the same situation as me. He said he re-dedicated over 3 times in his life already, and that it is hard to keep up a good Christian life. So yeah I really felt that God's presence was in there this morning, as I just felt so Spritually cleansed after the talk and  the sermon. So yeah....Daniel Trinh if you ever get to read this Props man...and thanks. My life's back on track now.  So after that.....hmmm I lost my bag. Uh oh lol. Lucky I was re-united w/ it afterwards since Matt actually took it since he thought I forgot it. But yeah s'all good....I found my bag afterwards ^_^.  So yeah after losing my bag, I went to workshop somewhat unprepared now since I lost all my stuff lol. Yeah I had to grab a new booklet and everything, and I was a bit late too (oops=P.) Workshop we learned about prayer today. A well-known subject that has so much related to it that re-learning it over 100 times still hasn't hurt. In fact it's helped me a lot, since I finally got some pointers on how to make my prayer life better/Devo life. For example, I'm gonna try to do Devos at a better time now and actually spend more than 5-10 minutes, and also for Prayer I'm going to begin to learn how to pray for more than just people I know and me. Also starting today I've learned that I must listen a LOT MORE for God. So yeah I think the two booklets from my workshop (Give me Oil in my Lamp) are gonna be used throughout this year a hefty bit....at least until I make it a routine to do the goals I wanna do =P.  After workshop it was LUNCH!......wait No it wasn't. I thought it was but then Jason told me it was interaction time.........so starvation for another hour lol. But interaction was cool. Sumair answered some of the questions asked last day about Christianity and about God. He got people to chip in opinions about each one....and yeah I chipped in one or two since I normally am a debate/talking person hehe. But yeah interactions was pretty cool. But reminder that only 2 left=(.  Lunch was A LOT COOLER today. PEOPLE ACTUALLY KNEW EACH OTHER SO THERE WAS TALKING! NO WAY! Yes way lol. Even though we still had sandwiches which I'm not a fan of, it was just cool to be able to talk to more people since everyone was so much more open. Also I got a funny pic of lunch time, and also of the dreaded lunch lol. It was pretty cool time actually. I also talked to Gavin, J,Dave, Gerts and Jenn too. Oh yeah and also got to start talkin' to Gerty's friend Joy, who was in my workshop. REAL cool girl. Shouts =P. And yeah lunch was pretty much that, just our group gettin tighter w/ each other and also meetin' some new people outside of my group =P. But even w/ that....GO TEAM MARTHA AAAH!  FAMED REC ORIENTATION AGAIN! Except this time NO SEE-FU! HOW?! WHY!? So yeah when his "replacement" came BOOOOOOO! lol all jokes though. Lol oh yeah and of course the "translator" er assistant today, was imitating Golem lol. They had a cheap version of TC rec leader tryouts, it was pretty funny though. I personally liked yesterday's but today's was still good. Not much else just pure laughs hahaha.  Seniors got Rec time first, so the gr 10's got to do interaction. We did Bible study, and we were still revolving around the community lesson from yesterday at first. We had to get a skittle from one end of a line to another *two diff teams* with the spoons in our mouths and first team to make it to the other end wins. We lost =( but s'all good we still got Candy! Ada and Matt *our amazin' TC el Capitaines* fought over a gummie frog. Feel bad for Ada though Matt kinda just yanked it out of the bag lol....well sorta ripped it with the bag....hard to explain but the people that saw it........yeah it was funny lol. Also the study we did followed up on the Gospel of John sermon from this morning, and also listened to Sumair do the final follow up conclusion. Basically he told us of how to be completely honest w/ God....and gave us this acronym to remember it:  Honesty Open Direct  They all sorta mean the same, which is sorta like the Trinity of Christ. Jesus, God and the Spirit are KINDA the same, but are three different factions. But yeah this year's TC interaction Bible Study was GREAT. So Ada, Matt, Sumair....if you readin this....GREAT STUDY =). Though it seemed somewhat like you guys were winging it sometimes...GREAT improvising lol.  After the study came REC! We played electric fence (had to get someone across these two ropes in between the ropes) and also this thing where we had to all of us make a certain "machine" out of all the kids in our group. We made a lawn mower and washer and dryer lol. OOOOH yeah and then came the thing were we could only have this amount of certain parts of the body touching the ground (i.e. 20 hands, 10 feet and 2 elbows). That was like a diff version of twister. Fun though =P. Oh yeah then the dreaded "Step as many people on 16 or so blocks as possible and whoever gets the most wins." I thought piggy backing would be easy, so Karen hopped on....except yeah I was getting tired after 20 minutes lol. But yeah the game was kinda amusing, but tiring. And afterwards, when doing our cheer....my Time magazine bag broke. NOOOOOOOO MY BELOVED TIME MAGAZINE BAG! Hopefully I get another one =P or a better quality bag lol. But yeah lost that, but lucky I had my combo lock with me. So I made a makeshit clip with it lol. My bag hung lower than my knees now though but  doesn't matter....it still worked...sorta lol. We actually did pretty well, and we were against....SILAS lol. Kinda embarassed myself when I tried to clap w/ Karen's feet lol. Gavin Dave and Jenn just gave a pathetic "Joe you suck" sorta nod and I sat there going.....aww crap lol. So yeah SORRY KAREN lol.  Then after REC came TC Media. This time I managed to stay awake through most of it. SHWEET! I mean the presentations are REALLY good, just that even @ school I always fall asleep after lunch. Also Rec kinda got me tired out =P. But yeah today the main theme I got out of it was the "Multiple Personalities" part. It was sorta Malcolm in the Middle style, with the person talking to us, and then to the play, then to us again. It was pretty cool, and moving. Like the one about how one girl's dad passed away, and how everyone seemed to overtreat her now, more than before just because of that. Also the one where two people kind of met through the same situation *they were both doubtful of their friends* and then became fast friends at a bus stop. The story is more complicated but I'm sorta zooming by because it's over 1am and also I still gotta cover another half of the day lol....the most exciting half of the whole TC. So after the media, we went to our FINAL interaction of the day *sigh.* These are the times when I wish TC lasted the whole week. I would get to know people so much better. Then again TC is about knowing God more....and the friendships I can make on the side =P.  Interaction 3.....basically just chillin'. REAL chillin. Me and Arthur started sessionin outside (breakdancing) and yeah he's not that bad for breakin' less than a year. I kinda hit crickets....and I need to work on my nike's now lol. Other than that we also passed around our booklets (for me paper pad since I forgot booklet=P) and just gave our emails, contact ways, and also words of inspiration. I kinda forgot my booklet though and just asked for emails lol. Yeah by the end....I really got to know the captains pretty well. Matt and Ada made an awesome "crew" lol and also just the people in the group were pretty cool kids. Diana and Karen basically made my loud image look like a muffled bullhorn, and those two combined were....Loud. VERY loud. Arthur is another B-boy, Gloria Vikki and Jenny were hilarious, and Clarence...though he was weird he reminded me of....me:  Clarence: *Takes out a wooden pole* MACHINE GUN *bak bak bak* Joe: *look at him with a stunned look* Someone's more retarted than me?! Clarence: Guess so.  Yeah when you take out a wood pole from the team banner and use it as a machine gun...you know you have problems lol. Oh yeah and Louis (one of Dave's friends in my group) was hilarious lol. "UGLY!" "UGLY!" and then we started smacking each other  and then punching lol. Yeah my groups is pretty crazy group. Then for group pics. Mine is a bit unique....GOT IT FOB STYLE lol. Just before the REC leader was 'bout to use my cam, I just yelled "EVERYONE FOB STYLE" and everyone put out the peace sign lol. AMAZING group of kids hahahahaha. Props to all who read this and are part of TEAM MAAAFFAAAAA! lol. Lets see what else happened.....someone hid Arthur's shoes, stole some of Lazarus' food *whoops lol* and Diana is apparently an AMAZIN pianist. How come all Asians play the piano I sometimes wonder. Must be a cultural thing now....  Dinner time.....Well no cardboard pizza from rumours....BUT CHINESE TV DINNERS! Wow never knew they existed but yes they do. Dinner wasn't that great....food was bad but MOST CHATTING IN WHOLE TIME. Day two wasn't filled with too many of my trigger happy camera pics...but got a few funny ones. Yeah confirmed with Jason we chillin' tomorrow @ Eaton Center, and also just last minute contacts/chats with Martha dudes/dudettes and of course people from other groups like usual =P. Met some people from Silas, and also became pretty fast friends with Joy. Good times good times hahaha. Wow I feel tall though...not that I'm bragging =P. But honestly some Asian chicks lose like 5 inches when not wearing shoes lol *not that I'm including you Gerty or Joy =P.* *Sigh* yeah but these times are cherishable moments. Even last year.....dinner was unforgettable...for day 1 lol. Talked a lot more to everyone, and everyone was just so open....and loud lol. I kinda threw out half my TV dinner, and chatted more instead and of course PHOTOS!=P. But yeah after the more socially scrumptous meal...Final Worship/Praise=). This was both a happy time (amazing praise and worship) but also saddening at times as this was actually like THE final time I'll be seein' most of these kids until next year. WAAAH! lol. Up until now at home already I miss TC 2004 already lol.  So yeah before worship...REC presentation for Top Teams. Unfortunately Martha didn't make it =( but Congrats to Noah, Lazarus and Ezra for winning overall team awards. And of course Abel for winning the Spirit Awaard (Good Job Brian your team won an award! Represent LCAC lol). Just wait'll next year....Me and Gavin will own the team competition =P.  Final worship....honestly I didn't sing as much as I prayed. I mean actually final worship was MORE exciting than the first worship, but I honestly just felt it was the time to pray for everyone to leave TC with a grateful heart, and an evangelistic one. I mean Spiritual Highs are always an issue, and I mostly prayed about that, plus for myself also to be able to listen more to God instead of always asking and me always doing the talking. I also took a few pics of final worship, and a video or two hehe. But yeah truly unforgettable moment. And just the environment around me....just wow. I really felt the warmth of God surrounding me at the time also, as when I was praying, I just felt like an inner warmth beginning to take over. The Sermon focused on Acts Chapter 1 when Jesus left the world and gave us the Holy Spirit, and spoke of how the disciples went on to preach the word, as Acts is about the acts about the apostles. In the end Pastor Bartha was just basically summarizing the last two days, and also spoke of how he and his friends blew up a car when they were younger lol. But yeah the main message in the end of this to me...I don't know if it was but just to me....cuz it really hit me was Acts 2:4:  "All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak in other tongues as the Spirit enabled them. "  It hit me just because I remember the Spiritual Gifts workshop that HYPE did with us, and how learning other tongues was a gift and how sometimes people can just automatically preach in another language at any given time. Oh yeah which takes me to the original TRUE message *I think:* For the final message Pastor Bartha spoke much about sharing Christ w/out fear, and this is going to be something that will affect my life for sure. I just feel so much more open and ready to spread Christ's Word and also just seeing people like Jenn, Sumair and many others suffer so much more for Christ than me....really sets the max bar MUCH higher for me. For song of response.....well actually songS of response I prayed for most of it. Prayed about so much.....there's too much to name. One main one was about a dream I had a while back which I mentioned in one blog....the one about my church thriving just from people evangelizing and had nothing to do w/ church image? Yeah prayed about that plus the other dream which I have never mentioned and still won't. A little on the personal note and it was about someone and I dunno if they'd want me to mention it. But yeah I don't know why but all of a sudden I felt as though Satan had a part in that dream, as it was somewhat anti-Christian. But I prayed about it, and prayed for the Lord to please drive out any demons or old sins stuck in my head to be cleansed out, as most of my day has been revolving around that since I re-dedicated this morning. But yeah for the very end....I mostly meditated and prayed. I really just felt so open for it though. Great time....this is gonna be goin' down in my life history for a while.....since today really marked somethin in my Christian Walk w/ re-dedication. Once again Props Daniel...and Props God Jesus and Holy Spirit for allowing Dan to redirect me. Props for sure for that.  *Sigh* and the most moving part now. After all the thanking and final cheers....it was time to go. Said final good-bye's to everyone, and took a few final pics. Wow....such an emotional time. I can now see what I missed last year hehehe for day two. So yeah said final good-byes, chatted a few final chats w/ some kids, and then headed out the door with Dave, Gavin, Josh and  of course myself =P. But yeah....me and Gavin....LOOK OUT TC! WE BE BRINGIN' DOWN DA HOOSE NEXT YEAR hahaha=P.  So yeah now I'm home.....recalling TC moments....planning my Sunday where it's gonna be pure postin' pics and h/w. So like my Huntsville blog *this is probably gonna be goin in w/ my look back blog also* I have a few final things to say....  "When the dishes are done, All is washed away, and I simply Clean, Longing just to Broom, Something in your Room, That will bless your Home....  MARTHA  (Insert Evanescense theme here =P from Wake me Up)  What else to say....OH YEAH..... AAA MAAAFAAA! FOB PIC EVERYONE! And of course....GOD IS GOOD ALL THE TIME! AND ALL THE TIME.....GOD IS GOOD!  TC 2005.....wonder how that'll turn out =P. Lates to all. Props to all TCers....and mega props to Martha Cap's and Counselor and kids=P. LATES! KEEP IN TOUCH!  Lates.