3/17/04   Drive to Toronto: 3.5 Hours. Sleep before TC: 5 Hours. TC 2004's First Day: Timeless   After a year, I sorta forgot how exciting TC really is. I mean at the beginning of the day I was somewhat tired, and the day did start off slow. But after interactions with our teams, and some rec games and then final worship.....wow. Yeah memories of TC 2003 are now being slowly washed away by new 2004 memories. Of course there are always the memories that re-occur every year. The meeting of new friends, TC Rec games and of course........"NO MACKING" lol. This blog might be a bit long, so grab whatever you need to read this. Chips, apples, peaches, pizza, I'll give you 30 seconds to order Chinese Food.  *30 seconds later*  Times up here it goes =P.  Well my morning started around 7:20am. Yeah I was REALLY tired when I woke up, mainly from Gavin and Josh waking up before me. The noise of footsteps....argh. So yeah I dragged myself outta bed and then headed upstairs for breakfast. Whoo. Leftover Pizza....hehe. So after a scrumptous meal of leftover pizza, some Orange Juice, and my regular morning routine, I got dressed, packed my bag for the day....then headed out the door. First thing I do.....I break out my D-Cam and start taking random pics and vids. Lol the car ride there was sorta amusing hehe. Decided not to blind anyone with the flash from camera today hehe. 15 minutes of riding in a car....yes all that can happen. No stupid stuff though most of us were pretty tired still from the morning wakey-upey.  Yeah so we got there around 8:45 or so.....didn't see Gerty or Jenn like we planned *lol crappy planning there* but I did manage to find Jason and Brian Wong. Gavin Dave and Josh were still with me. So we got our stuff, and apparently my name tag had almost been taken by someone else by accident. So we chatted for a bit before heading into sanctuary. As we were walking in.....FINALLY SEE SOME FACES I RECOGNIZE. Good old Gabe lol. First reaction when I saw him "GABE!" "YOOOOO!" from the both of us lol. Then I bumped into Jenn! Ok so I'm not at the wrong TC lol I finally see people that I remember from last year. Oh yeah then I saw lots of people from David's church NCAC. Louis, Desmond I think his name is and Jacqueline, Wendy's cousin. Oh yeah and right about now.....bummer I have an upset stomach lol. But I really believe God was with me for the day, as once I prayed for the pain to go away, during worship it left me. Amazing. So TC started off first with usual chatting w/ other people, and then TC RULES.  I know you must think I'm insane to think rules are amusing, but just the way they intro'd each rule was hilarious, with ways like:  -2 Fast 2 Furious ( don't be late) -The Matrix Pills (No drugs) -Freaky Friday attempt to jolt (No changing teams) -Tampon Commercial (for name tags lol hard to explain)  But yeah this year's I have to say was a lot funnier than last year's LOTR one. Sorry I'm not gonna explain how each one worked, but that alone would take a whole blog so yeah =P. After the exciting start with the Rules and the TC 2004 intro....came the high-energy praise & worship. Wow was it amazing. The drummer(ette) is CRAZY. And the guitarist is amazing too. Wow the team they put together this year was insane. The music seemed to hit a whole new level. With the energy surrounding us and just the great worship section they put together, wow that woke me up for the next two hours hehe. So after that high energy worship, we came to the message, which was spoken by Pastor Kirk Bartha of Waterloo Mennonite Brethren Church.  First message he was speaking about I unfortunately can't remember 100%, but the thing that probably hit me the most was the miracle that happened in BC for him. He went out to some rural town in BC, and preached to some First Nations people. Amazingly when he said he would pray for anyone, the first person that came up was this alcoholic student. So after some hard prayer, and determination from the student, he broke his drinking habit. In fact, his father was so amazed he became Christian also. Powerful story of evangelism and how miracles still happen these days. That really inspired me to evangelize more also, as it really seemed to show me how POWERFUL evangelism really can be, starting from one child and then spreading like wildfire to many others. He also talked a lot about himself, lots of funny stories from him heh. So after the message (which really whizzed by) we ended with a closing prayer and then.....WORKSHOPS! hehehe=P.  Yes....the workshop that I ended up in somehow was #19 which is a two day track. "Give me Oil in my Lamp" is the title, and basically the workshop was to help us put our Christian lives back on track, which I really needed. Heh funny though.....didn't think I'd know anyone until I started passing out books that I noticed someone:  Joe: *pokes person to give her booklet* Here's the Pile. Girl: Oh Thanks.....*stares weird look* JOE?! Joe: GERTY!? NO WAY!  So yeah that was basically how it happened lol. But yeah I didn't know it was her until after 20 minutes or so *slow huh lol.* The workshop I thought was really well done, and the speaker for our workshop who was also a pastor (Christine Lee) was pretty funny. She had lots of stories....like the one of how her husband joined a car club and to her they just "stand around" in parking lots Friday nights lol. I actually reallly find this workshop so far REALLY useful. So many things that I need to know once again, like how to do Devos more effectively. I think I'll be trying the Lectio Divina (Divine Reading) format or the "Three R's." But yeah apparently the speaker speaks even faster than me *it is possible* and we finished 20 minutes early. So I chatted around with Gerty for a bit, then met up with Gavin and David and picked up my TC 2004 shirt. So yeah by now I've taken probably 40 pics already, deleted a lot of crappy ones lol. And at lunch I'd take more pictures too ^_^.  Lunch was kinda weird. Last year we had interactions first so I knew some people by lunch. This time at lunch I didn't really know anyone, so yeah lunch for ALL OF US was pretty quiet lol. So I kinda shifted over to chat w/ Jenn for a bit, then Gavin and Dave. Couldn't find Jason or Gerty though. Lunch consisted of orange juice and a sandwich that resembles Arby's Sandwiches which I hate. Oh well ate it anyways, and then went to chat more until lunch table calls started hehehe. Yeah so groups did that for a bit and  then....OUR FIRST INTERACTION!  FINALLY TEAM MARTHA COMES TOGETHER. My group this year is SOO much different from last year. All grade 10's. Wow. And my two counselors this year are Matt and Ada. Funny people lol. One was stalked over MSn (Matt) and the other has slipped playing bowling (Ada). My counselor actually is really cool. Sumair was his name, and he was a Muslim before converted, which I find really cool. So for first interaction we played an icebreaker game...TWO TRUTHS AND ONE LIE, which I failed to be able to play lol. I said three truths instead of two lol. Then after doing that icebreaker game (we only got through half the group) we learned our team cheer. WHOO!. Actually ours is pretty funny. We start off in like a sappy remix of "Heart of Worship" and then all of a sudden after a 1 second pause we go straight into Evanescence's song that has that loud yelling dude and the lyrics go sometin like "WAKE ME UP WAKE ME UP INSIDE CAN'T WAKE UP SOMETHING SOMETHING SOMETHING" and you get the point Evanescence sucks =P. Our cheer would also emerge victorious in the end as we are right now one of the top 9 teams =P. Then afterwards.....it was time to show off our skillful cheer, and also make some NOISE!  REC PRESENTATION! Hahaha another presentation of the rules.....this time we had a dude that would translate what Master "Wong" said in either poor broken English or Chinese lol. It was pretty funny. "I learn my english from Star Wars Yoda." Lol. Anyways yeah so they did a presentation, some pretty funny skits, and then REC TIME!  Rec included games of "Shape it Up" where we have to make shapes and never break our connections w/ our hands, volleyball w/ blue sheets to launch the ball and also running around tied up with toilet paper in our groups. And of course much yelling=P. Oh yeah my voice is slowly going by the second. OH YEAH the Scavenger HUNT! AMAZING! Had to do stupid things like throw in 10 shoes tied together, 4 belts tied together, or the 4 seperate keys. Hmm what else happened....LOL OH YEAH THE 6 MAN PYRAMID LOL. That was hilarious since Gavin just reminded me. We won in that too hahahaa=P.  After kicking the crap out of all the opposing teams in Rec, it was time for interaction 2. We had a Bible study for Interactions 2, and did skits of Genesis lol. Basically the creation of the world. My group ultimately failed miserably and improvised with reciting the thing basically with other team members poorly acting it out lol. We also got some snacks then, and also.....talking of course =P. Finished up 2nd half of Ice-Breaker too. Karen I think her name is wrote hers out and had them all prepared for her turn. Wow....weird lol.  TC Media. Now unfortunately all I remember is the MSN skit where people were talking over MSN about a certain issue, which was pretty funny, but after that unfortunately I kinda fell asleep lol. So yeah I don't really remember 2nd half that well =P. The MSN skit was pretty funny, but meaningful at the same time. Showed us that going to church is to praise the Lord, not to MACK hehe. Funny how TC emphasizes "NO MACKING" so much lol. Became a tradition. Even Tommy remembers it hehe.  And Dinner FINALLY. This was when more talking started since people finally got to know one another, and we've gone through two interactions already. But with that, I still talked to old friends too. Yeah chatted with Gerty and Jenn for 'bout half the time and then Jason, Gavin and them. Apparently Gerty and Jason are in the same group, and Jenn, Gavin, and Dave are in the same group. BLAST I'M ALONE. *shrug* meet new people =P. If it weren't for that I would've probably never met Vikki, Arthur, Wilfred, or a host of other crazy people hehe. Dinner was good. Chow Fan.... Mmmmmm. Sho good. Arthur spilled some of mine though *shakes fist* but lucky we get 2nds =P,though I didn't need it since I'm trying to prevent myself from projectile vomiting lol. Don't ask =P.  Then time for final interactions. Now this was when we heard about Ada and Matt's most embarrasing moments, but the main highlight was basically Sumair's almost-as-long-as-a-testimonial speech about how he came to Christ. I really enjoyed it though, and was amazed of how much he had to pull through and still believe so faithfully in Christ. It really raises the bar for me in being a follower of Christ, as Sumair could suffer through so much and still be so devoted. Props dude if you're reading this mad props.  Now we are nearing the end of the day *awww.* First off.......We find out the top 9 teams through the "Kung Fu Endurance tests." Yeah basically it was hilarious *ask others that saw it TOTALLY indescribable just plain HILARIOUS* and we find out.....MARTHA'S IN THE TOP 9 TEAMS WHOOO! Same as Josh's Hosea. Sorry Gavin Brian and Jason you guys are CUT =P. Jokes hehe. But yeah after that....came the most exciting praise and worship I've EVER experienced, but since all the energy was spent on that...I sorta fell asleep at the message whoops =P.   Sorry can't say much more about that, but I really need to get to sleep ehehe. Tomorrow I gotta wake up early once again for Day 2, and I really want to go to it this year lol. Anyways yeah but all in all, amazing day, and look forward to my Thursday and Friday blogs. They'll be just as exciting with my milling around Toronto. But for now....Lates=P.