1/23/04   History Exam...done. One down...only 2.5 exams left   After a grueling 5 months of school....came exams. History actually wasn't that bad though. NFL street and studying actually paid off at Jason's. I knew most of the stuff on the exam. It wasn't too bad.  Today was somewhat amusing........some parts of it anyways....I think that without studying....or Prayer to God....I think I woulda bombed. Well here's the rest of my day somewhat summarized....  Since Exam started at 830, I woke up around 7:40. Quickly ate some Eggs and Rice then darted out the door. Looked over notes one more time in the car listening to old skool music. Jocelyn Enriquez, Trinear and Friends......all old skool lol. And of course 1991 original Loft. "Hold On" *Not TNT mix Tommy original* is so good. Well I got to school around 8:15....saw MopHead (John Thompson) apparently he's writing his exam two rooms down from me. Wow wasn't that an exciting turn from my typing=P. Exam started at 8:30....and now I am writing....  So easy. Joke course. I guess the world war II and world war I obsessions that me pat paul and colin had from back in grade 7 and 8 really paid off. I remember things that I don't want to remember even. Like honestly who cares what guns were on a British Battleship? Oh well but yeah I took all the time to write the exam.........and would leave the room at 1:10 or so (we got 15 min extension). I think I did relatively good. Hopefully at least. Think I prayed at least 3 times throughout the exam lol. Well now that I'm done.....I went to the bus stop...and bused home.  Now that I am at home.......wow how boring a Friday is. I played NSFU for a bit.......unlocked S2000, got some new parts......and my car is faster now. Then I called up Age, Thompson, Josh, Jason, and Adrian for SC. Eventually none of us would play and I went to UCC since I thought Stefan and them would be there sessioning. I left around 1 and took the bus down to the UCC.....  Ugh I was wrong. NO ONE was there. SO I ended up working out for a bit.....not a great idea considering I would go back to breakdance at 5. Ugh. My arms are beat now. Can't even feel triceps. But then after realizing they wouldn't come around this time in the afternoon.....I bused back home.....  Now it's around 3pm or so. Played some NFSU, then got a game of SC going w/ Age, Jason, Josh and Myself of course. It was a chaotic game. We didn't know what we were doing and we were kinda screwed over. Age got killed 15 miutes into the game and Jason would end up limping his lone Engineer bay to Josh's. I was relatively safe with a Fort Knox going and Josh had his usual lurker D going. We both kinda got screwed over when they brought in the carriers.  Oh yeah during the game I got a phone call from Mike......They were at the UCC. Great. Right when I leave they arrive. I would later find out that when I got  there Stefan just let. Great timing by all today. Well eventually I would then get a drive down there.....and Igor, Mike, Dan, Jonny, and Anton were there. Well supposedly more people were there but I didn't see em. Well I would but not at the moment. Anton got Adidas Superstars. Geez seems like everyone has them now. And the thing is he still doesn't break. His original excuse was he didn't have the shoes to break *though he has K-Swiss* and lugz at one point. Now he has no excuse and he still doesn't break. Retard. Well yeah now to rant on about the session...  SESSION SUCKED....well for me anyways. Actually it wasn't  too bad.....but just the fact I worked out before I went breaking screwed me over completely. Steve was right when he said don't work out before session. Well eventually my strength would come back. I went from 2 hops for crickets to 10+. Though my hops r kinda loud cuz I made them smaller......I made a lot. Ugh now I have to quiet down my hopping. I got around 6 rounds of turtle...........Oh yeah and my Pikes are getting better. If I could post a pic up I would. Actually I can but I'm too lazy. If you wanna see it look at my display pic....when I get the pic up. Umm session by the end wasn't too bad. Eventually Brescia, Jeff, and some other people would come too. They were going out to somewhere to eat......Mike n Dan were gonna go but they didn't. Well I'd be there till 7:30....Stefan and Sergei and Mike and Evan came around 7ish or so........yeah that's where I found out Stefan came earlier just before I came. He pulled a nice Turtle Windmill combo. Really smooth. And like usual the other 3 did lots of fancy stuff. I had to go though @ 7:30....chinese new year dinner.  Well now I'm at the dinner. It was just my family. We ate....then talked......and now I'm blogging. Still gotta do piano which i'm going to do now. Cya.