3/16/04   Trip To TO: VERY retarted (as in us lol)....FINALLY IN TORONTO WHOOOOO!   YES! After a three hour trip, and some very songs in the car (Gavin and Dave were singing Beer Bottles on the wall....they made it from 99 to -2) and struggling on the snow-covered 401.....I am now sitting on Dave's comp, hogging it to use to type in my blog. heeheehee shweeetness=P.  Well after the sleepover yesterday, which consisted of Stepmania, Gunbounding for Dave, and watching David get the crap scared out of him from Silent Hill 3 (a phone rang and it literally killed him lol). Also a few pillowfights, and just random talking, and me defending my TV from producing the horrific images of.........SHANGHAI NOON! (dun dun dun). So yeah the sleepover wasn't too bad, and it was pretty funny actually lol. I don't know  when the other two went to sleep yesterday night, but I slept at......thinkg 2am-ish? I dunno what the other two did. I just built myself a fort (very mature huh lol) and then went to sleep....  *This morning*  Morning didn't really start until 10:30am. I was the first to wake up out of all of us I think. Actually wait. I think Gavin woke up first because I awoke to him singing    Milk and Cereal  . Yeah watch that you'll probably get a laugh or two out of it. And Holy Crap I'm lucky that that I posted as I just closed my window lol. But yeah I'm lucky I posted so it saved all of the stuff up until the Holy Crap. So yeah when we woke up, basically we ate lunch, cleaned up the family room from the wreck it was, and then I packed.....yes preparing for my 3 hour car ride out to Toronto in a REALLY big blizzard.  So yeah our car ride to Toronto. Me, Dave, Gavin and Josh. Yeah we go pretty insane after a while. The beginning of the car ride actually wasn't  too bad. Me and Josh just sat around listening to music, while Dave and Gavin were talkin' in the back. But after 5 mins David started listening to music also. *Shudder* Asian pop music hurts my ears.........usually. I dunno why, but I just don't like stuff like Sammi or Twins. But LMF isn't bad. So after about one hour of listening to music, well what else do people do going to Toronto? SLEEP. Duuuuuh.  *1 hour later*  Just passed Cambridge, and I'm still listening to music. I woke up to the sounds of Rapper's Delight the original one. NOT THE REDMAN VERSION, which really sucks. So yeah there was a traffic jam around Cambridge, and we sat around for a bit. This was when we started going insane. My thought about how teens go insane after 2 hours in the car proves correct once again. Here and Huntsville, both times after two hours or less we go insane. At Huntsville me and Hammond started having pillow wars, and here today......my attempt at drawing a smiley face turned into a almost satanic look lol, and Gavin and Dave started poking me to death after I punched Josh lol. Then after that I decided to listen to more music, in hopes of ignoring them lol. But then afterwards....after mass pokings, I notice the Ferrero Rocher chocolates didn't have the stickers...  Lo and Behold.....my back is now a gigantic Ferrero Rocher commercial. 18 stickers were stuck to my back, which led me to retaliate by failing to punch Gavin and Dave lol. Then....yes yet again another traffic Jam. By the way if you find most my blog revolving around my car ride.....IT'S BECAUSE MOST OF MY DAY HAS BEEN IN THE CAR. So with the traffic Jam, I started singing to the songs I was listening to, mostly trance and of course the Techno song by Strong Bad. Then Gavin and Dave, going even more mentally retarted, start to sing 99 bottles of beer on the wall. They managed to sing it for an hour, I know this as they started singing on the outskirts of Toronto and reached -2 bottles of beer on the wall (accompianment by me and Josh) by the time we reached Markham, where I'm staying. So after that, well we were all pretty dead tired. I was beginning to feel light-headed from all the singing, and also just the fact most of us were going retarted in the van also got us pretty light headed.  So yeah when we got into....er to Dave's house, I say to and not into as I couldn't fit in with 5 duffel bags. Rambo poser I realize=P. I even stood on the front doorsteps and did the (CCHK CCHK.....GUNG GUNG GUNG GUNG) and Josh with a look saying "Joe, you need to go to Ching San," AKA go to school in the small bus, or live in the Special Building where losers wear the "sane" stickers=P.  Anyways I'm out now....Dave's kicking me off the comp and I wanna go play GC. So until tomorrow where I may not blog (TC 2004!)......so I guess I'll say until either tomorrow or the day after tomorrow.....ZING! BUNUNUNUNUNUUNUUUUNUNDUNDUNUDNUNUNUUNUh! Lates. *Ponk*