3/15/04   Life as it is......the usual March Break day   Well one thing that's different today........I finally decided to get off my lazy butt somewhat and actually do something =P. I guess I feel.....lazy still. March Break feelings you know. But yeah I really can't wait 'till tomorrow now. Only bout 15 more hours....seems so short now when I think about it. I still remember typing out my blog on Saturday when I was really excited about well......March Break lol. I don't really know what else to say today.....I mean I lazied out for most of the day, since Dave was over we sorta ended up playing PS2 all day from 12-4:30, since people came over then for the big dinner tonight. Not sure for what but meh Big dinner means food and people comin' over to tear apart my house =P.  Aftermath of sleeping @ 230am: I woke up about 11am =P. Making the most of what I can with March Break, and sleep is always one element that can't be removed. So yeah I woke up around 2pm, and then...well....had lunch (mm..........pizza). Yeah today I couldn't really do much since most of the day I had to help prepare for tonight, where everyone just left. It was pretty amusing though tonight, but I'll fill you in on that later =P.  After lunch, well helped around the house, and when I could played SC lol. Dave was in the other room playing his True Crime file, and yeah that was basically what took up most of the afternoon. Yes I realize my afternoon sucked but meh it can be amusing sometimes watching someone play True Crime and just blowing up everything in their path =P. Also I drummed around for a bit, I really am thinking I need a drum teacher. I need to learn some better techniques and just work on my sticking. My power in each hand is still pretty uneven.  Then came 4pm. Yes people started pouring into my house. Lots of little kids (Priscilla, Heather, and their little posse) and some other random kids that I barely know. Then in kids around my age Josh, Gavin, and Wenders came. I doubt Wendy reads this anyways so she can't kill me when she sees Wenders in place of Wendy =P. So yeah we all pretty much just hovered around PS2, played NFSU, NFS Hot Pursuit II and Virtua Fighter 4 mostly. But after we got bored of the fighting, drunk fighter, crashing, shooting, poor driving and NOS, we then turned to the one and only scary (and I mean DAMN scary) game of......SILENT HILL 3. Not much to say on that.......I am still friggin scared @ the part I'm in at the game right now, so I won't play it till later on tonight. Hmm........yeah so we ate, chatted, hung around......and then........yeah they left. Gavin n' Dave are still here though, leavin' for T-dot 2morrow w/ Josh also. Rite now......Gavin n' Dave are exploring the twisted world of Silent Hill 3 lol. So funny watching Dave play though......he makes any serious video game seem like a retarted comedy lol.  Yeah I know this blog kinda sucks, but I really don't have a thinking mind right now, nor was my day extremely exciting. Also I can't stop thinkin' about how TC went for the Juniors. Last year's was awesome. Just hope it was the same this year. Well yeah...that's all I really have to say for the night. I'm out I guess.......this is my last entry before TC....so yeah Tuesday-Friday I may sum up in one big blog on Saturday. I'll decide......but hang tight people......I may be bloggin day by day still =P. Lates. Oh yeah on another note.......  I CAN LINK EXTREMELY UGLY WINDMILLS! WHOOOOOOOOO!