3/14/04   2nd Annual HYPE Exec Meeting: Productive (Kinda at least=P)   First Sunday of March Break, and also the countdown still continues to TC 2004. Yeah I'm pretty hyped about it right now still, and just seeing how quickly time is flying by, wow. But yeah so far my March Break has been.........lazy. VERY lazy. So far it's consisted of sleeping, sleeping, and dreaming lol. I dunno why but I've always been fascinated with dreams. Who knows maybe my mom naming me in the hopes I'll be like the Joseph from the Bible has an effect to it =P. By the way I mean the Joseph and the Technicolour Dreamcoat Joseph not the one that was with Mary. By the way if you don't know why I'm saying the 1st Joseph it's because he could fortell dreams, and the actual story does have a bit more sadness in it. But anyways, enough about that for now I guess....I'm not about to let go my whole life history =P. So yeah...to begin my March Break Sunday...  Today I had one of the strangest dreams I've ever had in my life. I mean, I don't even know if I should put it on my blog. I mean it was REALLY weird. I mean it wasn't really about me......it was about one of my friends. I don't know if I'll even share it with her. Oh well.....in time it may come out though but right at the moment I think I need more reflection about it than speaking out. Thing is though it's about.....well suffering for Christ I suppose. That's as far as I'll go for now......details may come later on in this blog when I feel I've done enough reflection. But yeah lately I've been having REALLY strange dreams. Unfortunately some exciting one's I can't remember *blasted short term memory grrrr.*  Well after that, since my dad was in the bathroom, I decided to go on MSN. and lo and behold Gerty was on. She told me she knew of the plan of meeting up @ TC by recognizing me wearing........A BRIGHT GREEN SHIRT?! I said GREEN not BRIGHT GREEN JENN! Lol so yeah after going through that confusion....well yeah now it's final......YOU'LL SEE A DUDE WEARING A HAT, GREEN ADIDAS SHIRT.....AND HAVE A TIME MAGAZINE  BAG lol.  So after pondering about that in bed for a bit, I did my morning routine and then headed out for church. No lift for Jason today......since he's in Toronto. What a smurf. Same for Mike and Dan=P. Jokes all jokes dudes. So today I got to church relatively in a more relaxed way, since I didn't have to worry about taking anyone to church with me. Got there, chatted w/ the people for a bit, then me and Wendy did ushering for today.  Today....sermon theme was......ooooh boy I really have a crummy memory lol. But I do remember the memory verse was Hebrews 9:14, which reads:   "How much more, then, will the blood of Christ, who through the eternal Spirit offered himself unblemished to God, cleanse our consciences from acts that lead to death, so that we may serve the living God!"  Now if I remember correctly, one thing that the guest speaker Don Hill did talk about today was the power and superiority of God. That was the main title, but I don't remember the EXACT words. But basically the message today was how Christ, who came to the earth to die for us, did what 10,000 animal sacrifices could never do......and that is give us new life. So yeah I really did like today's sermon. Lol the speaker made fun of Chris a bit. Heh seems like everyone loves to make fun of the guy. Poor dude lol. But yeah speaker was pretty cool today. He had a comedic sense. Usually comedy/ real life experiences really get my attention in sermons. Oh yeah and on a side note, for me preparing a prayer during song of respone for offering didn't work lol. I choked more than I normally did. Ehehehehe gotta work on public speaking more even though I like it=P.  So yeah after that we had a Sunday school class with none other......than our HYPE counselor ALI! Today we learned about how basically the whole english term "two heads are better than one" saying works. I mean in the Bible even it talks about it. We studied Ecclesiastes chapter 4 today. It was speaking of a man who had no one to turn to, and how he was fairly depressed. Then it spoke of many analogies about how we should stick together to make life easier for one another. Also we spoke about how Christians are encouraged to marry other Christians, as people with more things in common probably get along better right =P. So the idea of people that have common likes/dislikes living together is like a team of oxen. If you have one big and one small oxen, life is a bit more difficult to plow the field (the plowed part being life's achievements). However if you have two even built oxen, the job is done faster, quicker, and the things you accomplish in life may look better (better quality plowed field). So yeah I really liked today's lesson also. A great day at church if you ask me hehe. Oh yeah Victor came back from the land Down Under again *AUSTRALIA for those shmucks out  there* and yeah chatted w/ him for a bit. Apparently he did break his arm in the accident but he looks healthy.  Then today was Communion, so we went upstairs. Well, me Ken Josh and Gavin stayed back to put out tables and chairs for the special lunch we have every Communion Sunday. Today was also the 2nd monthly HYPE exec meeting. The meeting went by fairly quickly, and I liked how the counselors really listened to me and Josh. It was pretty interesting meeting, and I felt we had accomplished lots of tasks to be completed in that meeting. I really am happy for the changes that have happened to my church. Our church's English/Youth ministry has never been better I think. Today's meeting also marks how close we are to summer holidays (for UWO students) and how some of them are leaving =(. But then again, this does happen, and we can only pray for the best for these people. *Sigh* but it seems so weird......in a matter of a year or two Josh Lo can be a counselor. So weird lol. But yeah we had a pretty good meeting, went over many issues/hopes for the future of HYPE. One main thing is getting our room painted. It's still sorta halfway done only lol. After this meeting *which was GOOD.....yes GOOD* it was time to go home.  Well.............first nap in car *ZZzzZZZzzZZzzzz* and then got home.  And to my surprise........DAVID'S HERE? Weird thought the kid wasn't comin but yeah came home and he was hoggin' my comp w/ Subspace. Wow...............weird lol. He seemed so bored too lol. But oh well yeah s'all good. So yeah he was playin comp, and I decided I'd nap. Yeah today and yesterday have compiled of nap, nap, and more nap. What a immense combo. MMADDDDD.   *WUMP* Nap time =).  And then after a shweet nap, went to Dave's grandma's house for dinner. REALLY boring. I was dying there. lucky I made a deal with parents to be back by 8 or they are paying me $$$ lol.  SO yeah now I'm at home bloggin', typical blog endin' for me. Yeah I can't believe it's only 10:30pm right now. Feels like it's friggin' 1am. I guess it's just because my day's passed by so quick, and I've done so much tonight already (blogged, slept, MSN, PS2, Dave's over and typing up Bio notes for Underhill for project). Anyways yeah I guess I'm goin on SC for a bit, then headin for the the hay and more Dreams. Hehe lates.