3/13/04   First day of  FREEDOM !   Before I say anything else, I'm happy to see people blogging again! I mean during the school weeks, it was sometimes a bore at night....which is almost perfect  timing to be surfing blogs. Unfortuntely, may people dun have time to blog during school =(. I totally understand though, sometimes I just don't feel like  blogging, but then again............it is pretty fun too sometimes. Also it helps me w/ my memory *got the idea from Buttefly Effect I guess, but it works* and also my english writing skills have actually gone up. I've also come to like public speaking now through this. Sharing online isn't much different from sharing in front of people now is it=P? So yeah it's cool to be reading so many updated blogs today. Gavin and Jason.....BLOG!  And for the rest of bloggie for today.....  YES! Finally...........Day 1 of March Break. And a relaxing day 1 it was. Wow I haven't had a Saturday like this in ages. I mean........I completely forgot what it's like to nap for a whole afternoon. Also........I have got back into Badminton. I'm actually really excited about badminton season now. But yeah for a first day of a break week.......it was pretty enjoyable. It wasn't like AMAZINGLY HAVING A BLAST sorta day but REALLY relaxing, something I need after last week w/ all the tests n' stuff.  This morning I woke up EARLY. 7:45am on a Saturday? Yeah I know I'm crazy......but Badminton was that early @ UCC today. So had a quick breakfast, and then headed out the door for badminton. Both of us *me and Thompson* were late though, and didn't go in until 8:30.  Badminton was actually pretty fun today. Beat thompson 11-8=P. Then again I ain't goin for singles just because I hate doing all the work. I'm the lazy type, so someone else can hit the bird when I don't feel like it ^_^. So we played some singles, lazied around, and then some doubles games with some UWO students. Apparently some of them were surprised when John told them we were 15.  SO yeah basically did that from 8-11, and then came home.  Oh yeah I made a long distance call vai cell phone to Jason, who was in Toronto *whoops=P*  Now like I said......today's a lazy day, so I napped whenever I could. With that said, I slept from 12-12:20. Wow a 20 minute slumber....amazing. So after that grueling nap I headed to my last piano lesson before the holidays came by. WHoo.   So now I"m playing piano.....pretend you hear my exquisite, superior piano playing skills. Just picture Beethoven......but Chinese=P. Oh yeah and of course I'm better......*I wish, to both of those claims.*  So yeah after piano.......TIME TO DEPOSIT MY LONG EARNED MONEY FROM STARVING @ LUNCH FOR 3 MONTHS PLUS VARIOUS OTHER OCCASIONS! Wow.......I never knew Isaved up almost 400 bucks over last 3-4 months. My wallet couldn't close. Yes....this was about the first time *wait maybe 2nd, the time I refunded PS2 I had LOTS of 20's* my wallet couldn't close properly. Wow......Now I know how rich people feel....only their wallets probably can't close at all. So I went to deposit my money.....and I saw my account jump from 281.99 to 651.99. Wow......all that money.....all stored electronically in some database on a comp. I feel really safe w/ my money. I mean having an inatimate object keep track of it......yeah isn't it trustworthy=P. So basically all those days of starving @ lunch have paid off. Actually it was starving every once in a while.....I actually spent a lot at lunch these few months, going to Jasper's n' stuff. But yeah......and then after that went home.  Now........this is the time where I sleep from 2pm-5pm. *zZZZzzZZzzZzzZZzz*  Now I wake up......headache,and sorta confused at what time it was. Apparently Dad left for the church for the event tonight, and mom's not going. Least I have a dinner ^_^. So I woke up, ate, and then headed to the comp to see who's on MSN. Not really many people, so I went on SC.  SC....played diplomacy mostly tonight. Got bored, then went on MSN.  Yeah and now I'm on MSN, blogging, Kazaa (d/ling some new songs) and probably gonna sleep soon. Yeah I know today......isn't very exciting. But in 3 days........there's gonna be three really exciting blogs......they'll be JUST AS competitive as the Huntsville one. I'll probably add it to the looking back blog also. And I'll be blogging of course on my regular one here=P. Well I'm out for the night. Wow TC is inching closer and closer. In fact with Jason, Mike and some other people already out in Toronto, it really makes TC seem closer than it is. So......yeah I'm REALLY excited right now. I can't believe that it's already Saturday, the Saturday that marks 4 more days until TC 2004 for Seniors. SO EXCITED! Well yeah anyways I'm out.....so I'll see TCers on the 17th, and lates to all.