3/12/04   And it's over.....SCHOOL'S THAT IS   WHOO HOO! GOOD BYE SCHOOL (for a week) AND HELLO MARCH BREAK! Wow Finally the long waited week of rest has come! Wow.......to think that only a month and a half ago I was complaining about exams. Well yeah with another bit of school done, the students and teachers finally get to enjoy a nice relaxing week of doing nothing. I especially am excited, as today marks the fact that there's only (yes count them) 5 more days until Senior TC 2004. The twins, Carmen, Rebecca and Calvin are headed for the Junior one on Monday and Tuesday. Wonder how they'll take this whole thing. Last year was friggin' AMAZING. I just hope it has the same effect on them as it did on the people that went last year. So yeah, but for the first three days of March Break, I'll still be in London. So yeah I'll have some time to kill in this old hick town. Wonder what I'll do. *Shrug* figure that out later....but yeah here was the outline basically of how my last day of school went....well the day before March Break.  Ooook......well woke up at around 7:20, and left by 7:40. And to think I had time to gel my hair, pack my bags, AND eat french toast? Wow I'm amazing =P. So yeah, left for Pat's house for a ride to school @ 7:40. Wow.....he's right at my doorstep waiting. Even better I don't have to walk down 3 houses lol.  Today, since it's snowing (what is wrong with Canadian weather, it was 17 degrees celsius last week) it took us nearly 25 minutes to get to school. Stupid snow......it was gone for a week and now it's back. I mean I normally like snow, but just when I started getting used to spring....SHOAM! More snow. BAH! So yeah today we had a pretty long car ride to school, but we were still on time. Ran to locker, put away stuff, and.....yeah then I headed off to....MUSIC!  Today was the final day for Mr. McCumber. I mean though he was a good music teacher, I never really liked him. He had spasms all the time and "volcanic eruptions of anger" as he describes it. So basically today we merged classes, and just had some fun w/ music before March Break. Really didn't accomplish much work.  Science class.......did some lab w/ making stuff fall. Physics is pretty boring like usual.  Lunch.....well today since it was last day I decided I'd treat myself *wow I'm very generous to myself no =P* to a nice luxurious lunch @ Jasper's. Instead of grabbing usual coffee and bagel.....I decided to go Ritzy style. Fried rice.......AND CHICKEN CAESAR WRAP?! PLUS A COFFEE ALL FOR JUST $6.38! Mmmmmm......food. Thompson got usual breakfast, Mike got burger and Nate a bagel. Hermann then came with Monica and Co. So yeah we chatted for a while, 'bout random stuff, then headed back to school....where Bio class awaits.  YAY ALMOST NO WORK TODAY! Just a quick sheet about nutrition facts, and then watched some lame 1980's National Geographic Video. Whoo.....no work......too bad my group presents first day back =\.  English.....finished Romeo and Juliet. Yeah the movie's just as twisted as the book....VERY. And that basically describes it.  Bused home, chatted w/ Dominik and Ryan.  And then home. SC, piano practice, etc etc. Usual stuff.....and then UCC (typical Friday).  Yeah today @ UCC originally me, Calvin and Sergei were only people there, but more people came in the end. B-droids was only open to people 19+ so we still had a small session. Steve, Igor and Lance came too, and some other people as well. Today....well I didn't really accomplish much. I can now very poor form link two mills. I'm SLOWLY getting the concept. Well I'll work on it over March Break I guess. But yeah got that sorta done and over with, and got burned in a battle. Me and Calvin vs. Steve and Sergei.....yeah just a bit stacked. Pulled off ugly millz=P. But I had to leave early so @ 9......I was back home.  Played piano, chatted, and now blogging. Gotta sleep early tonight since tomorrow I'm playing Badminton w/ Mophead and Hermann maybe. So Later.