3/11/04   And after almost two and a half months blogging...   Yeah, I've come to see blogging really does make time seem to pass by so quick. I mean just to think I'm already on entry #72 or sometin like that already. And also......after two and a half months, watching more blogs pop up, and etc., I seem to be the lone survivor of blogging. I mean this as in I seem to be the only one still blogging daily. Jason kept the fight up until about ate February, while Gavin could keep up for 5 days lol. Lindsay kinda keeps hers up and running, and Kurtis does his weekly. Jenn also stopped, Josh kinda goes on and off......so yeah........I'm the lone blogger it seems now lol. Surprisingly, doing all this blogging has made me come to like public speaking now also. But it's also kinda  cool to see so many people have visited my site over the last few months. Ever since January......I've had about 1700 visitors. Well almost....I'm at 1640 almost right now. But that's already almost catching up to MANY Asian Avenue people. Not bad considerin some of em have had their site up for over two YEARS. Mine's just a little over a month ^_^. But yeah......blogging has basically become part of my life now......I find it amusing, and just sometimes when I'm bored I do sometimes read back on what I did say on......February 19th *Huntsville* or January 1st *New Years.* Well here's yet again another blog........ENTRY #72......  My day started off typical. Woke up, got ready, and headed to Pat's house for a ride to school. Got there, did this, walked there, threw stuff into locker, and then headed up to history class. I'm starting to think school's getting REALLY repetitive lately. Nothing exciting.......well until after history class.  History class we watched this video called "The Wave." Basically the video was showing how easy people conform to authority. The teacher *in the video* was teaching about Nazi Germany, and was talking about how Hitler murdered 10,000,000 people basically right under the German People's noses. Then the students asked how blind could the  German people really be, and that was when the plot of the story unravels. Basically the teacher then makes everyone think they are a cult called "The Wave" and has a whole system of society. The teacher then shows them how easily they were conformed at a rally, and the students then realized how easy it was to fall into a political trap. That was history class for you.  Announcements today: BADMINTON SEASON HAS SORTA OFFICIALLY BEGUN! Well signup started in rm. 314.....which I would head to at lunch to sign up. Hmm....I'll probably end up playing mixed doubles again. But before talking about that......Civics class.  Kinda interesting how mood swings happen......Ms. Manson was pretty nice in history, but right when civics kicked in.....she turned pretty bitter. Apparently our class "pathetically" failed the first civics test, even though most of us had decent marks. We started leadership unit today. We got into groups and had to solve this "mystery" of who blew up a bank and stole one million dollars. The suspects: A janitor, teller, president of the bank and.......a hippie. Right at the beginning we ruled out the hippie since well......HE'S A HIPPIE! So we then solved it since only the teller had access to dynamite and the keys to the bank. ANYWAYS yeah it was pretty lame. Our group concluded that in leadership......I seem to like to take control. Whoo! Point for me ^_^. So off to lunch.  Right after lunch.....SCRAMBLED to find room 314.........and I found it. It's a bloody hallway. WTF? Yeah I figured something was wrong, so then me, Thompson and Hermann went downstairs to the office to ask where the badminton meeting is. That's when I caught a piece of paper saying 314: Mr. Endo. I figured from there *don't ask how* that it was the physics room.....so I ran up there and I was right. Problem is: it's room 314 too. Wow......our school REALLY needs to learn how to number rooms. When you have two room 314's it's pretty difficult to set up meetings. Hmm turns out LOTS of people are going for JR. and SR. badminton. For Juniors I saw Thompson, Hermann, Meaghan Tanner, and Thompson's partner from last year Jen. Apparently lots of regulars *Jacob and Brandon* didn't know about the meeting lol and didn't sign up yet. Well so yeah did that.....and then studied for math test. Lots of people needed help lol. Maybe 3/4 of our class showed up. But lots of people did. I left about 3/4 of the way through since I learned everything I thought I hd to learn.....er review. SO quickly bought a lunch *well actually Thompson bought it* and then went to math.  Test actually wasn't HORRIBLE. Some stuff I didn't get at all though......but yeah I think it's a good thing I prayed. Really felt I had guidance from God. Unfortunately there was one question I never studied....the stupid rectangle. *Shrug* I just put down random formulas for that.  Programming.......boring. MOre turing, More crap.  Then bus ride home. Took  Cherryhill today w/ Dan and Elaina.  And Now I'm home. Typing, SC.....and now haircut ^_^. So people for now I'm out. Later =P.