3/10/04   Moment In Joe's Life: His debut.....into Senior Band 2003-2004   Yes.......read it and umm......suffer! MUhahahahahahaha! I'm now officially the Bass Trombonist for ONE SONG in Senior Band. Well now two since the other dude gave me another song. But yeah you heard me. I'm in SENIOR BAND! WHOO HOO! Yeah senior band isn't much different from regular band. Actually I find it really amusing.....that's why I'm looking forward to senior music next year.  My day started off like usual Wednesday morning.....except this week instead of gr. 10 band I'm headed for senior. So I woke up at gruelinf 6am as usual *Yeah Jenn (Wong) 6am is brutal, just think I'm gonna be doin' this 3 times a week compared to your 5=P* and got ready for school n' stuff. Headed to senior band......and yeah like I said not much difference. First impression for me: I hit someone's music off a stand....and senior band folders are IMMENSE. So yeah not that great first impression=P. Better make it up somehow. For my first appearance though......I think I did....well decent. Hopefully. Only difference I really noticed between Senior band and intermediate  band: Senior band moves faster, but looks at stuff MUCH more detailed. From a wee little crescendo to a note tapering, Mrs. Wharton could point out every mistake you could think of. Then she totally burns the trombone section (not including me cuz I don't play the song she was making fun of =P). Says to them the 4 of them are pretty pathetic as Dave Rutt (Stage Band X conductor/senior trombonist) could produce more sound than them alone. Ow. Lucky I wasn't included, or else it would be 5 =P. For Godzilla, I actually have a REALLY easy part. Since I'm a bass line, I  basically follow Tuba, or in other words Christian *music genius* and Sam Zhang *Asian Retard.* Only hard part about my part is I have to play REALLY low notes. I'll learn in time though. I just need a bit of practice and I'll be up and running. This morning I just sight-read everything.  Music class....bit different today. Mr. McCumber played sorta a "farewell" thing. He's actually pretty good w/ the clarinet. After that business as usual. I'm happy Mrs. Wharton's coming back after March Break........I mean though Mr. McCumber did calm down these last two weeks compared to before but I just don't like him. He's a REALLY weird teacher at times. Today we learned that the song "Son of a Gambolier" is actually the Georgia Tech theme song or something like that. Cool, we're playing something somewhat famous. Hmm....nothing really amusing happened in class. Pretty quiet class today actually.  After music headed up to science class. We didn't really do much today, had a cheesy quiz *which I didn't do too well on* and then after that talked about a lab we are doing next day, which I have to print off. Not a very exciting class.  Lunch......I spent my time doing programming project. Hermann went also, and Robert and some other people I saw in there too. Hmm........so far this week's gone really well actually. I've saved 15 bucks already just from starving. I can see why playing basketball in the gym can be popular now. At this rate if i save 15 bucks a week, I make 60 bucks a month (if I save 15 bucks a week, if I save 25 then 80 bucks a week). Holy crap to think I can afford a PS2 game each month if I did that. So yeah worked on that...and Jason came in for a bit too.  Afterwards headed to bio. For the whole class today basically did some random work since Ms. Wiener didn't show up as her grandfather recently passed away. Me, Okanski, Underhill and Robert planned out what's happening w/ project. It's  been agreed we meet Friday FOR SURE, then Monday if needed. Wow one day to do a 75 min project.......just amazing lol. I'm confident we'll get a good mark though.....I've started to like public speaking ^_^. Not much else really happened, since a lot of people in that class was on vacation. Oh yeah and then me and Okanski started making the faucet noise thing *the one where u hit ur cheek and make that water dropping noise* and pissed off the teacher. Then Okanski started randomly calling Drew, pissing him off lol.  English class we started watching Romeo and Juliet. BOOOOOOORING............VERY BOOOOOOOORING.  Then after that time for home! Bused home w/ Dominik, Ryan and Underhill.  Then got home. Nothing very exciting at home today. I ate, played SC, then napped. And then Theory class.  By now in theory we don't really learn anything. Basically we go there and do our theory papers since we know the basics to everything now. As usual I'm VERY behind, but most of my answers are right at least. We finally got our score sheet. Lauren got bored and started drawing a group picture of us on the scoresheet *we have open space since we have only 4 people in the class now,* which really shows how bored we can get. Also Melody went sorta insane, and Me and Thomas were on a hot streak w/ guessing words today. Whoo. Yeah I know you don't have to tell me never make another entry about  theory class. It's a waste of space I just noticed also but I'm not about to backspace my efforts.  Then came hom around 9pm, and started studying for math. I have a REALLY big test tomorrow and so yeah two hours of solid studying *plus msn, winamp, and other crap* but SOLID studying. Anyways I'm out for the night now, so watch out for my next entry coming THURSDAY MARCH 11th. No way! Yes you better believe it another one tomorrow. Later.