3/8/04   Most Barren Band Practice EVER...   I remember when Jason wrote the entry about his classes when we were away on Huntsville and how they were all barren. Well I think I got a taste of that this morning. This is why...  Well after waking up on a Monday morning @ 6:30 for band, I got ready fairly quickly and darted out the door. But when I got to band today. First I was kinda surprised to see the strings in our usual rehearsal room, but also when I actually stepped into the strings room for band rehearsal.....WOW it was barren. Instead of the usual 91 of us......there were 15. I was late too lol. Our rehearsal started off with NO clarinets until about 5 minutes in. There were only 3 flutes compared to the usual 40 billion, and 2 trumpets lol. Two clarinets, Thompson the lone percussionist.....and oh yeah one horrid sounding oboe *they sound worse than clarinets ugh.* There were also the assortment of other people and stuff, like the usual militia of Saxophones (Maggie, Lindsay, Caitlin and Rebecca) and me, Pourier and Shaun covered the trombone parts pretty well.....but mostly today was pretty big waste of time in band. He might as well have just let us go and roam the school for one hour. But no we still rehearsed. and after that really boring rehearsal.....came first period which was.....MUSIC *shudder.*  Music today we crammed together the two classes and rehearsed. We don't sound half bad. I don't have much to say for that time because I was half asleep.  Same for science. All I remember is some lab testing acceleration.....and then spent 40 minutes chatting about random stuff. Oh yeah Rhoden sang the element song since Mr. Curphey got pissed off at him.  Lunch today I went to get a book for english class. I'm gonna try starving this whole week, since I'm trying to save up as much $$$ as possible for TC. My aim of 600 bucks came about 50 bucks short =(. Oh well least I still have $$$ to spend =P. Afterwards met up with Thompson and them and we went to Athlete's World for a bit before heading back to school. Nothing really too great....downtown Athlete's World isn't even that much better than Masonville's. So yeah what a good waste of 10 mins=P.  Well when I got back to school......it was now bio class. We had a sub though today since Ms. Wiener's grandfather just passed away today. So she was out and we had a sub teacher and we watched some video and then chatted. Now originally me Underhill and Robert would agree to go to the library after school, but I had Stage Band X and would meet up with them later.  English class we finished Romeo and Juliet. For the next two days we would watch the movie. She assured us it ain't gonna be that crappy modern one w/ Leonardo The Craprio or however the hell you spell his name.   Stage Band X.....I am now officially a Bass Trombonist =P. Wow our school actually has friggin nice instruments. The bass trombone I had was basically brand new. So yeah I'm now gonna remember Trombone # 3366 for next year. I hope it was that number at least lol. But yeah rehearsal actually went REALLY well today. I was surprised how well it went. Other  than some talking, we actually ran through the music really smooth.  Now then I get to the library......and they weren't there. Well.........looked around for about 15 minutes and after figuring that they had everything done already *I don't know what really had to be done* so I left for my bus stop.  Now I'm home.........blogging, chatting, the usual. Probably gonna nap for a bit now. Anyways yeah I'm out both ways so later.