3/7/04   Just another average Sunday   Today didn't have too many highlights. I don't know why, but on Sundays I seem to like to relax more now than running around town. Saturdays though I can never tolerate staying cooped in the house all day. That's one reason why I like HYPE, it gets me out of the house for sure each Saturday lol, and also I'm happy I live by Masonville and UWO. So yeah my weekends are normally spent outside my house anyways. Today though marks the beginning of the last week of dictorial school before the Break. I can't wait...March Break sometimes to me seems more exciting than summer I don't know why. Maybe it's just the "let's see how much funm I can shove into one week!" or just the fact you can snowboard AND play basketball even sometimes at the same time of season. But also of course........TC is around this time....and that is always one heck of a fun time for both my Spiritual growth and meeting new people. But that'll be in one week's time. So for now....onto talking about my Sunday.  My day kicked off around 8:30, waking up and getting ready for church. Slow moving morning I found. Took me bout 10 minutes to get ready and then off to pick up Jason. Listened to a gospel on 105.9FM and then when we got to Jason's house....well he was still sleeping. But thankfully the doorbell woke him up so off to church we went. Whee we were early again! It was cool to see all the UWO students back again. Also Kendrick bought Daniel a Bible, which was pretty cool. I sometimes think now that the dream I had a while back about our English congregation growing quickly, may be true. Just seeing such generosity within our congregation really brings up my dream as a possibility. Worship today consisted of a Drunms & Piano combo which was somewhat new, and......JESSE WONG CAME BACK FOR A DAY! Our old HYPE counsellor, he was pretty much the dude who formed the fellowship. So yeah this dude does have his place in LCAC. He did so much for us, starting the fellowship, and just giving us the chance to really grasp what a fellowship is like.....awesome. So yeah today was kinda cool at church. Oh yeah....and though Carmen and Gavin WERE supposed to usher....in the end Jason had to take Carmen's spot since well she kinda....didn't make it lol. So Jason took her spot for today...*shut down...sorta=P.* The message today: modeling the Christian Life." Now unfortunately after Kendrick sorta gave me a Bible to read since he thought I forgot mine *really it's because I pay attention better without ANY distractions* so I started flipping through the Bible that was-to-be Dan's. So I kinda didn't grasp the message today =S. Zoned out reading Revelation. Read Revelation 8:8-9 which reads:   8"The second angel sounded his trumpet, and something like a  huge mountain , all ablaze, was  thrown into the sea.  A third of the sea turned into blood,  9 a third of the living creatures in the sea died, and a third of the ships were destroyed."  So yeah after reading that....I started wondering if that has happened yet. At first I thought of Atlantis....and if it was referring to that. But then I thought about Global Warming....and how it is said that a third of the world's land mass would be lost once the poles melt. Well if they do. So I started thinking about that during sermon for about 30 minutes. I still haven't come to a conclusion obviously....but it was a thought to throw out I guess. Then during tithes & offering, I had a quick prayer about my dream. I don't know why but it seems that this dream REALLY does mean something. I don't know if it's just me, or this is as meaningful to me as the entry in Josh Lo's blog about the glimpse of Angels during service one day. Well after service, talked with the HYPE counsellors about when our meeting would be...it is now officially set for next week. And for the whole morning Kendrick was looking for someone with nice writing to write sorta like a "To: Dan From: Hype Counselors" sorta thing. I dunno who he found in the end but he found someone lol. Then had the usual chatting time afterwards, and then class started with Pastor Mackness.  Today mainly we talked about the movie that we all just saw last night * The Passion of the Christ if you don't know what I mean.* Had a big discussion on it, what surprised us, what the movie meant, etc. Josh who couldn't make it, asked us what we got out of the movie. Personally though I never said it....I didn't actually get any like NEW things out of the film. It was more of a reminder to me of how much Christ suffered and how great of an example he has set for us. Afterwards we finished up our lesson on God's presence with different names for him throughout the Bible. Abba, Elohim, Jehovah, the list goes on and on. I think there were about 15 different names. Well actually a few of them start with Jehovah, but I counted those as individual names. After that, Jesse and Gavin had a "Jam sessioN" w/ guitars, and the rest of us just chatted. I locked together a few of our bags together *amusing no =P* and there were the daily poking wars between Rebecca and Jason lol. Chatted a lot, and then Badminton started w/ Calvin and Gavin. Originally Jason was gonna come over and we were gonna play that new 007 game for PS2 "Everything for Nothing" or sometin like that, but since dad had to fix some speaker at church we kinda got delayed to 3 lol. So I sat there, taught myself 3 new guitar chords *NO WAY!* and now my guitar chord span is up to 6! C,G,D,E,A,Em! THAT'S A +6 IMPROVEMENT lol. Originally I vaguely knew G or C lol. Well I kinda got the hang of C from practicing it for 3 months, but yeah now I can ALMOST play a whole song lol. All I need now......are those chords like "Asus" or the dreaded B, Bm's, Bsus or.....the infamous F#m. *Shudder.* Stupid bar chords....I can see why Gavin hated them lol. So I basically  taught myself *with some help from Gavin* on how to play the basic guitar chords, and some badminton. I REALLY suck now at Badminton lol. Lucky I'm basically the only veteran mixed doubles player lol so I can't get cut =P. So after waiting around until 3pm, with some badminton, and guitar playing, FINALLY we got home.  So me and Jason ate quickly, and the played some 007. AMAZING GAME. Co-Op is so much fun. I mite buy the game actually. REALLY fun. And it's in 3rd person thank goodness. I'm happy EA finally learned that 1st person shooters and PS2 just don't mix. 3rd Person shooters...I love em. This game I honestly I think is the best 007 yet since Goldeneye for N64. So after we did that for a bit, dad kicked us off TV, so we ate half a bag of tortilla chips and half a tub of sour cream, and then played some SC. Jason left around 6:30 or so.  Anyways.....yeah that basically summarizes my day. Now....what's comin up next? A really insane week @ school *Programming project, Bio project, first time tryin out senior band, and a math test* and for tonight.....dinner and some h/w. So until tomorrow's entry.....  Download some music you people. Later.