3/6/04   "The Passion of the Christ..."one word to describe it. Wow.   When I say wow to the movie, I don't just mean as in it was a very moving film. I mean it as in just the detail, the images and the power that this movie really has. Maybe it's just because I'm a Christian, or maybe it's the same reaction for Christians and Non-Christians.. But when I saw this movie today at 6:30 with HYPE, I was never really anticipating that much detail and awe that this movie really has. No I didn't cry, or feel very different like "oooh I'm gonna re-commit my life now," but it was very interesting to see what another fellow Christian brother pictured in his mind when he read about the last 12 hours of Christ's life. And the discussion afterwards at McDonalds *very appropriate place to discuss huh=P* was very interesting too. But like usual I gotta cover my day before I reach the climax. So here it goes....my day that led to the seeing of one of the finest films I've seen so far in 2004.  It all began today with waking up from an 11 hour slumber. I haven't slept this much in ages. I had some very strange dreams last night. Originally I did remember them earlier....but yeah they are somewhat faint now. Some of the dreams I remember though really boggled my mind when I woke up. Others kinda made me think what my mind has going through it at 3am. Nothing really that stays in my head for 8 hours. I mean there are some dreams that stay in my head for ages. Like I still remember the one back when I was 8 that scared the hell out of me when I saw pupiless-eyed pale people stepping out of my TV. Or the time when I saw my English Congregation at Church spreading to many people in the community. But yeah the dreams I had last night stayed in my head for only about two hours lol.  Well after waking up, I went to practice my piano for about.....yeah a good one hour. Ate lunch, then quickly threw in an extra 15 minutes. Oh yeah and I did something really stupid: I cut up some photocopied music by accident =P. And then off to piano lesson.  Today....mainly getting prepared for Kiwanis coming up in a month or so. Nothing really big happening.  After that yeah I spent most of my afternoon working on a resume, chatting to people on MSN, and lunch. Nothing very appealing today in the afternoon. So yeah to get out of the house ASAP called Jason and we went to Masonville a bit early before the movie and pre-ordered SC Ghost. Saw Nick Saika too. Talked for a bit, then went off to some other stores. Champs and Foot Locker mainly. No place sells Adidas Superstars as much anymore. Bummer. Well if I find a pair in Toronto MAYBE I'll get one. Then walked around a bit more, grabbed sometin to eat before the movie. And then met up with the rest of HYPE for the movie. Went in, bought some stuff, and then.......the anticipated part of my day/blog....the movie.  I was surprised that there were almost NO commercials in this film. Only previews for ONE movie instead of the usual 7. The movie though started off almost right from Jesus' arrest. By the way I basically can't ruin this movie for you. I mean it's been written in over 20,000,000 books in this world, and translated into more than 200 languages.....so it's pretty hard for me to ruin the film. If you haven't read the black n' white version of it, go to BibleGateway.com and under passage search Luke 22:39-23:49. That'll be basically the whole movie in its original form. I really like how they portrayed Satan in the movie. Instead of the stereotypical voice in the air, they used an actress *Rosalina something forgot her last name* and poised her as a bald, eyebrowless Satan. Really added an affect to the movie I think. Creativity points right there. And from the beginning, on, it basically showed what Jesus' went through *A lot of pain and suffering* for the people that rebuked him, but He still loved. Another part of the film that I found really well made was  the emphasis on how Pilate *the judge that condemned him* didn't want to at all, and tried all he did to save Jesus' life. In the end though he did it only at the Jews' cries and edge to start a riot, and he even said basically that the Jews were responsible for his death, and the Jews AGREED.  Just to say now also, I REALLY disagree on how so many people say this movie's Anti-Semetic. I mean it's recorded they did it......and they did say it. It's not like every Christian's now going to hate them because of it. It was said many years before this would happen. And it's been like this for 2000 years and it hasn't changed so I don't think from one film everyone's going to hate them now. But back to the main point of my blog....the flim.  The torture was the part where I really was surprised of how much they pictured Jesus going through. Whipping with sticks, and then the flog. Wow the flogging.....really disturbed me in a way. I mean it wasn't that bad at first, but when one lash actually was latched in his skin and the Roman just rips it out...*shudder.* That really turned my stomach a little bit. Then the crucifying. It all seemed like the usual picturing....with the nailing to the cross and of course the pain that goes along with it. I mean I've pictured it....and seen it in the old films that talk about Jesus. But one part that REALLY caught me off guard and actually made me just tense up.....when they turned the cross about face. I mean LANDING on your knees WHILE nailed to the cross.....yeah that really shot in my mind "Joe, Jesus did a lot for you...A LOT." The suffering, and the pain that he had to go through for us to receive salvation....yeah it's a lot to intake. "A good shepherd dies for his sheep," that statement means a lot more to me now than before probably. I mean....I know he did go through a lot for us to receive salvation, but I guess just because of human nature...visually SEEING it.....yeah it made me think. But I would recommend everybody, Christian or Non-Christian to go see this production, and I hope that both ways it will make you think twice about what Jesus has done for us.  After the movie we headed to McD's for a little discussion before heading home. We got split into groups, with JT and Kendrick taking me, Calvin, Mike and Dan. We started off with a word of prayer. It was actually really good to see Mike taking the courage to pray in a public area like McD's. Him being such a young Christian and already doing so much....wow. I don't know if it was because of the movie, or because he's really moving on his Christian life....but it's REALLY cool to see Dan, Mike and Jason already grow so much in Christ. Personally if I were in his stage of a Christian I wouldn't even have the courage to pray in public. So if you're reading this Mike Props Dude....many Props. We then talked about the film...many responses were the movie was powerful, and it really showed how much Jesus suffered for us just for us to have eternal Salvation. The whole thing about the movie being touching to the stage of making you cry, personally I didn't think so. I mainly didn't really feel that because of this reason:  Pretend I did cry and feel so moved and stuff....it would've made me feel guilty that it takes a human to show me how much Jesus suffered....when it's been in a book that's been sitting in my room for over 10 years....loud and clear....straight from God. Says so in Matthew, Mark, Luke and John about how much he suffered. And if four prophets couldn't get it through my head and all of a sudden a Hollywood can...that just shows how much Media affects us and how lazy I am not to have read my Bible. This story's not new...it's been around for over 2000 years, translated into over 200 languages, and been in mass production since the Printing Press was invented. So the only time I should have been moved by this story....was when I first read it. Though I didn't...but I still do know how much he suffered, and paid for our sins in the form of the worst torture known probably to man. But I don't expect every person that watches the movie to ball their eyes out afterwards. I mean I know some people will, but I didn't for my own reasons, and I do think it's perfectly fine if you do and no you won't die if you did. It's just in my opinion why I didn't, and I don't expect it to even be applied to anyone. But anyways yeah that was MY opinion and back to the discussion @ McD's...  We discussed a lot about the accuracy of the film also. It was official.....lots of us were freaked by the demon lurking in the forest that just popped out at Judas. Also the demonic figures chasing Judas after he turned in Jesus for the money, that was scary too. Overall yeah this film was VERY accurate...and probably went beyond. Going through Roman history to determine the name of the Pilate and his wife, the process of torture, and the process the Romans went through before the crucifixation, I really commend Mel Gibson and his production team in going through so much effort to make this movie accurate to history as much as it was to the Bible. And like I said before I really liked how they portrayed Pilate as an actual Judge and not a random condemner, I mean he did try to avoid letting Christ being crucified since even he found no fault in Christ, and also how they emphasized Christ still forgiving us even when the Romans tortured Him, and not cursing. Also Kendrick kinda said a few things he shouldn't have said lol. I won't mention one of them as it was a pretty embarassing counsellor moment but here's the one I will mention:  Ken: What'd you think of Steven carrying the cross with Christ? How are we sorta like in Steven's situation? JT and others: Isn't his name Simon? Ken: .....Whoops ehehehehehe=P.  Yeah that and also we kinda discussed about a few other things. Some funny moments at McD's. Then aftera word of closing prayer, and talkin to the others....I left for Paul n' Yu and got parents drove me home *they had dinner there.*  So yeah summarizing today: Woke up, piano, boring afternoon, and then movie. The movie though I really recommend. The Passion of the Christ...very moving. I recommend anyone to see it. Even though it wasn't exactly like the usual theatre thing *no DDR or anything afterwards* it was still an amazing time with HYPE. Anyways I'm out for the night......it's 12:25....lucky I had 11 hours of sleep yesterday. Hmm....not much else to say really. So....G'nite. I think I've covered everything I want to cover. Lates.