1/22/04   GOUNG HEI FAT CHOI TO ALL......and I got a history exam   Wow.....time really flies. I can still rememer the first day back from summer holidays when I first walked into history class and thought.....wow this is gonna be one slow year. Turns out I'm wrong. Now it's already January 22nd......2004. Chinese New Year was today....that's what the greeting was for in my subtitle. But this year I hope will be a prosperous year. So far I've been having a good year academically. Trying to stay above the 80 mark. So far its paying off. Today I found out I ended with a 92% on my careers project....my mark is gonna be at least a 82. Usually my mark estimates are decent. So the action packed exam week is starting tomorrow. Whoo hoo. First up to the plate.....History. Dreaded history. Though it's my highest mark...I hate exams. I really think I won't do that amazing on it. I forgot lots of the crap we've learned. But that's ok.......with the mark I have in history....i'm unstoppable....sorta. Today was pretty exciting though in ways....tried new ps2 game, got good final project mark in careers, and surfed the net in programming. And of course went to Jason's house to study history w/ Hammond and him.....Here's the detailed summary....you have to scroll down a bit......  Once again.......RELUCTANT TO LEAVE BED! UGH especially with my sleeping times.... tonight I really gotta sleep early for exam tomorrow. Well I woke up around 730....trudged downstairs to see a bowl of oatmeal staring at my bloodshot eyed face......well ate it......then quickly washed my hair to get bedhead out....changed.....grabbed school crap *and Jason's controller and NFSU for his house after school* and bolted out the door.  Weird.....today Patrick's mom and dad drove us to school. I guess his mom was going somewhere. Looked like skiing. But yeah traffic was horrible today. Oxford was gridlocked from Talbot intersection all the way to wonderland intersection. Well eventually we would make it out and I barely made it into class on time. But yes I made it. Wow so exciting there.......the action of running up 3 flights of stairs to history...I should have a theme song and a stunt double for this sort of action...  History we basically just did review.....I feel a lot more relaxed now about tomorrow's exam. Not as tensed up as before. Also I don't have to worry because we got updated marks again. My mark is still above 90 so I don't really care. Weird though today. People sitting in front of me were trying to name all 50 states in USA. I was thinking how boring history could get....I mean naming 50 states? Isn't that worse? I tried to name a few in my head.....got to like 45. Well yeah announcements came on and off to careers....  WHOO! Careers we finally finished movie "Finding Forrester." It was actually a really good movie. Very meaningful. And I think that my prayer requests and prayers really did pay off.....92% on my careers project. This is a big jump from 72% mark in November. I'm happy w/ my mark. Me and Hammond ended up studying for chem exam next wednesday. Then Hammond started to threaten me with a blue Sharpie. Whoot i got hit. Now lunchtime.....  Ended up going to McD's w/ Thompson and the others. Apparently Nathan heard about the pushing into snowbanks from the other day.....Mike got a bite back in the ass from when he pushed Thompson yesterday...Thompson rocked him today lol. Then at McD's we started throwing our cheeseburger wrappers *we had A LOT of cheeseburgers* and then we almost got kicked out.....stupid customer satisfaction. Then Thompson made a bet w/ me and nate that he could hit Maisie sitting at the other table. Damn. It grazed her lol NOT HIT but grazed. So therefore we don't owe him anything =P. So yeah after that little wrapper war we started walking back to school......with attempts to snowbank nate. Never worked. He almost got me and Thompson simultaneously. That was pathetic. But yeah we chased him back to school with crap attempts.....and now to math class.....  Math class we didn't do much.....got some h/w and did it.....Thompson was getting hell though. Jessica was drawing on the back of his neck and i got his face w/ a whiteboard eraser. He turned into Justin Rhoden for a sec....you know an Oreo. Well eventually he'd go clean it off, and he'd get me back by hitting chalk brushes in front of me. Bastard. Not much else happened. Thompson tried on glasses.....lol he frickin hilarious. Forgot who I said he looks like but he looked REALLY funny. Anyways after the math......hmm.....oh yeah now programming class....zzZZzzzZzZZzz.....  Programming like usual was w/ Hyperstudio. But since I was done.....I surfed the net for a while. Looked at some blog sites, NHL stats, and of course my fantasy teams that I made. I'm still in 6th place. Stupid Thompson's London Chinese. Ugh. Oh yeah we also got our tests back today finally. Got 73% on one and 80% on the other. Not bad considering half the class failed both. Turing was somewhat challenging but I'm happy that we learned it. Now at least I know the basics of programming. Sorta. Hmm........not much else happened......Day 1's are so boring. I just noticed that. Though I like the subjects better it's actually REALLY boring. Well who cares enough of that time to go to Jason's.....   Well I met Jason at his locker, then we went to mine....got my stuff....then left. I remember Hammond wanted to come study too but Jason apparently wants to get home ASAP. Well eventually Hammond caught up to us and greeted me with a friendly push into the snowbank. Ugh. That's 1.5 today. I ALMOST got pushed in at lunch but instead of falling in i somehow managed to land in the knee high snow on my feet and ran back out of the snowbank. DAMN WAS IT COLD! We eventually made it to Jason's, with my complaining of how a car seems faster. Obviously. But Jason's house is actually pretty far from Central. We got to his house probably around 3:15 and were met by a box of donuts and well......burned Leen Goe. Apparently Jason's dad can make it *he's a chef too* but his mom isn't that great at it.....it looked like "Crap with Caramel sauce" quoted from Hammond. Well we started off the study session with a game of NFSU, then some NFL street.....but I didn't really play and started studying. Jason was still playing NFL Street when me and Hammond did some studying....then some chatting....eventually Jason would join for  bout 20 minutes.....then started playing again. Hammond left around 5ish and I started to do more intense studying. I actually got some stuff done. Oh yeah Jason's mom gave me and Hammond Lai See. Jason's familiy is actually very generous. I was surprised I got one. I would then give one to Jason too....well my mom would.  But that would be later. Jason would then put on Rush Hour 2 to watch while I studied also.....while he kept working on NFL street.... I would go on his comp for a bit.....then back to studying. Eventually I woulda stueid straight from 5:30-630ish. Then I thought might as well try NFL street though it looked stupid. WOW IS IT FUN! Though it makes no sense compared to real football it's just funny how me and Jason played. I didn't really know how to play so I was horrible @ D but I was decent on offense. Made a few completions and lots of run plays. Lol Jason's not the most amazing QB but the stuff he did was pretty funny. 30 yard dropbacks, 50 yard passes, running when he figured out I can't run routes that well in a football game. Yeah it was pretty funny some of the stuff that happened. I might buy the game. Actually.......naw. Rather buy Silent HIill 3, or Grand Turismo 4 when it comes out. But yeah Jason's house actually is pretty cool place. He has food.  Also it was nice to see that he has his Bible by his bed. I'm assuming he reads it. He was pretty enthusiastic about it when he first got it. Pretty nice Bible though. And it seems to have benefited. He has grown spiritually faster than Dan or Mike. Dunno if it's maturity level or the fact a Bible helps this much....but it's nice to see how fast he's started his walk of faith. It's cool though. And he's taken in this stuff pretty nicely. I mean no offense to Gavin but when he first came to church he REALLY despised it it seemed like. But of course after 5 years he seems to be enjoying the environment. I still think we need a bigger church...and a new building. But that will come in time.....  Well by now after playing a few  round of NFL street my mom came.....so packed up my stuff and went home. Exhausted now......cramming for history tomorrow....and of course practicing music. I really wanna do good in music. Well anyways it's around 1130 now.......and I'm still studying. One big prayer tonight.....God's guidance with my exams....and of course the others. Wonder how they are taking exam week in. Carmen seems to always be stressed out with like daily homework. Josh usually is pretty serious w/ work. Dunno bout Steph or Gavin. Calvin I guess he's pretty relaxed bout this.....like everything else. I'm pretty laid back about exams. Just science I'm worried about. History I'm not worried......just kinda scared I'll just blank out in exam tomorrow. But then again I normally anticipate exams and big tests waay too much than it actually is. I mean math midterms studying for three hours? I think I went overkill. But it paid off. 86%. So I guess though I sacrificed piano.......i did good in school. Well I'm gonna go study a bit more....then get a good night's rest before my horrid exam tomorrow.  To end this entry....Have a few things to say  Sun Leen Fai Lok (Happy New Year) Hok Yeep Juun Bo (Hope your learning is ongoing in new year) Goung Hei Fat Choi (basically means may good fortunes bestow on you in new year)  and of course.....  SUN TAI GEEN HONG (be in good health)  I think that one's important because to me it's telling you......hopefully you stay healthy enough to make next new years =P. Well I'm out. Good luck to everyone on exams. Later.