3/5/04   No I didn't miss a day of blogging ehehehehe=P   Technically I'm blogging this actually at 1:12pm on Saturday....since I kinda...well.....fell asleep for 11 hours lol. Originally I had my whole night planned out: UCC, Piano practice, and then blog. Well that kinda got changed to UCC, Piano........WUMP! I sat in front of the 88 key wooden block for 15 minutes then decided to take a 30 minute nap, which got prolonged into a 11 hour slumber. SO yes see.....a very legitimate excuse for not blogging yesterday. At least I catch up fast....unlike some people who's name I will not mention. *Cough.....JA.....Cough.*......*Cough SON Cough.* So yeah here goes.......the recalling on what I can recall out of my non-recalling mind of yesterday.....er I mean "today." Whenever I say "today" in this blog it refers to the date posted on the blog date by the way. Hmm also kinda interesting how 30 people still visited my site without me updating.  I woke up like usual, fairly tired since the night before I was doing stupid but "productive" things like reading other blogs, surfing the net, and just letting TC memories whiz by my head while I was thinking about how much more exciting this year's TC will be since I'm DETERMINED to go to BOTH of the days. But anyways I got ready for school like usual, and then headed out the door for a expected average day 1.  Turns out it wasn't that average. Today was assembly day! WHOO! AVERAGE ASSEMBLY DAY 1! Actually it was a first. This is the first time in the whole year that I had an assembly on day 1. Reason why I remember is because it's the first time I got to sit in the balcony this year for an assembly. Normally we sit in the back, struggling to see what the hecks going on with the heads of gr. 11's and 12's blocking our Gr. 10 miniscule field of vision. But yeah before that we were in History......whoo hoo. BOOOOORING. I dunno why.......but I really find this history unit boring. So far at least. I mean, I love learning about World War II, since I used to be sorta a 20th century war nut......but I guess just the pace of the class has kinda made it seem boring. I liked the  class before more when we watched the video on the Battle of Britain. Today we just learned about basically the Canadian and American convoys going to Britain lost LOTS of boats. U-Boats would whoop Merchant Ship ass out in the Atlantic. Hmm that's basically all we did.....History class is norally this amusing. I guess one reason is cuz Ms. Manson....can't come up with a SINGLE joke in class. I mean she could at least TRY, and have us laugh at her lame attempt, like Mr. Estabrooks last year, or Mr. Douglas. So after 60 minutes of that boredom.....it was time for Civics.  Bah. We were in assembly #2. Rats. That meant I had to suffer the boredom of Ms. Manson's civics class BEFORE the assembly. So yeah today we went to the computer lab and further did more on that assignment about the Canadian government. It's pretty lame actually.......we have to compare the provincial and federal parties and see the differences. It's basically the same.....only Federal do less actually. They don't have to worry about education funds, or the money put into health care. So yeah we learned about that, and then went to the assembly...  The assembly today was on multiculturalism. I don't mean to sound mean.....but the assembly really did blow. With all the technical difficulties, and seem-to-be poor preperation, just the environment wasn't too appealing. Last year's I actually enjoyed watching, the people on stage seemed to have a passion for what they were doing. This year's was just so slow moving and crappy I fell asleep for most of it. There wasn't really any highlight......some people afterwards told me that the first assembly was better,and ours was cut short. Both ways I really didn't like it.  For lunch...went to Galleria. Had some wedges and coffee. Weird combo I know but it works. Then back to school.  Math class once again Mr. Gilbert had to tolerate w/ our loudness and annoyance lol. We basically reviewed for the math test on Thursday. Not much excitement there. Hmm.....well like usual Mike was a jackass, John was being bitched at, Courtney still needs PMS pills, Nick was also a shmuck for a bit. My Coffee didn't affect me that bad.......I wasn't AS hyper as usual.  Programming...not very amusing. We learned Turing imaging more. It's terrible. Today's class sucked....no funny things happening...no Icy mauling Pokan...no nothing. Just pure silence and the sound of typing.  Then after school met up with Dan for UCC. well First house than UCC. So at home we just ate....lots. We bought some stuff at Angelos to eat then went home. First we ate this cake stuff called "Tiramisu..." SOOOOOO GOOD. It's like a Cappuchino cake almost and I'm hooked on em now. Then after that went on MSN for a bit....and I went upstairs to grab a bite of Lemon Meringue Pie. Dan came up too for some....but when he sat down....CRACK. Congrats he just sat on the lid for the pie. So we ate about half of that and we were still hungry. And that's when we came up with the most ultimate food at  the time. Cheese+Tortilla Chips+McDonald's Salsa=SOMEWHAT BELOW AVERAGE NACHOS! WHAT AN IDEA! So we quickly grated some cheese, put them in the oven.......and 10 minutes later POOF! NACHOS! Mmmm.......soooo good. Then after that we decided to make more.......and we did. More food.......mmm....more fat and carbohydrates and minimum proteins. So after that......we decided to go to UCC and work out for a bit before sessioning. Well a session that we'd eventually not do because we were WAAAY to tired after the workout we had.  Yeah so we did weights, cardio, the works. LOTS of it. from 5-7 pure working out. I think I went through 3 bottles of water through that workout. My bench has gone down from 125-110 unfortunately, but I can still do as many sit-ups as I could do in the summer, maybe a bit less. I did 60 today (not full effort but meh), but over the summer I did over 60 with a 25 pound weight. So yeah maybe it has gone down a bit. But I really need to start working out more, my muscles are DYING slowly. Dan is a friggin tank. He can already do 120 in Gr. 9. Not bad with the fact he's 5'2 lol. Then we ran about 30 Mins of Cardio, and then more weights. 15 mins of Cardio, then went upstairs to see how the session was going.  The session had a hefty bit of people show up. I just watched basically since my muscles were kinda tired out from weights. But yeah it looked like a pretty good session. Then me and Dan went back downstairs for a bit more Cardio, then I had to go. Friggin Cell phone didn't work *damn Fido......DAMN YOU!* and then ended up buying a 20 dollar phone card lol. Stupid Bell machine not providing change. I HATE YOU TOO! And then went home.  And this is where my day ends. Watched some Family Guy, Piano for 15 minutes then.....WUMP.  And that's the end. For now.....I'll blog more tomorrow. Later.