3/4/04   Today marks 12 more days till TC   Hmm.....if I could get one of those timers......I would make one counting down to TC. So excited....there's still 12 days and I all the memories from 2k3 are already coming back into my mind. The flag carrying, yelling, running around the church like my usual self at school.....except more cuz after day 1 my voice was dying already lol. And then the food.....and me and Gavin's shallowness.....yeah immature 9ers....so typical lol. LEING LUI OVER THERE AH! Yeah we had some of those laughs too in TC....of course though we did grow spiritually also. But enough said about that for now....each day until TC I'll slowly talk about that. But for now.....yeah you guessed it......it's time to talk about my day =P.  Today was............Thursday that's right so no band lol. Almost forgot there. OH YEAH I REMEMBER WHAT HAPPENED NOW! I woke up......and then Patrick called and said he's not going to school today. Well since I didn't have to worry about giving him a lift to school......I was kinda tired too....soo........Hmm I was tempted to stay at home today. But then again I needed to see guidance today *which I did in a 50 minute interview* so yeah with my willpower I finally got up, got dressed n' stuff (morning routine) and headed out the door.....for another day of high school.  Well......first class up......music. Boy only 3 more classes w/ Mr. McCumber and then Mrs. Wharton comes back. Thank goodness. I'm sick and tired of this dude's moodswings. One day he'll be all happy and next day......PMS TO THE MAX! So yeah I'm happy I only have to tolerate this for three more classes. Well today music class sorta started with a jumpstart when Mitch fell off his chair and made the xylophone thing fall too lol. He kinda fell into it and CRRRRAAAAAAAASH! Mr. McCumber wasn't too pleased, the rest of the class just laughed lol. So yeah like usual we played lots of pieces, and then today once again Mr. Clark merged his class with us. Nothing too exciting there.....I had to help Spencer w/ his trombone solo, and I was bored so I played some of the Sax part since Bradburn sits beside me. Yeah not very exciting except for the Mitchell falling off the chair. Meaghan's still has a broken wrist....and Lindsay and Katie were late. See not very exciting except for that one highlight. I'm still deciding whether I should play senior band for the next 3 months left in the year. It'd be training for next year at least.......but should I? So many descisions to make...and yes this is why I have to pray. I dunno who else but God could really help me at this time.  Science.......hmm not much today. Me and Korpela kinda had the weirdest idea *PATENT PENDING* that I won't say what it is or else well....you'll know our idea=P. And no it isn't squeeze bottle ketchup I realize that's been made. Or Peanut Butter Paintballs. We are still doing pyshics in class.....really boring. Hmm.....that was basically it....then lunch *DING DING*  Well today Jason came out for lunch with us....and we went to Galleria. Lots of talk about the big trade the Leafs and Rangers made. Brian Leetch w/ the Leafs........they actually have a chance at the cup now I think. And Sergei Gonchar with the Bruins.......two new stacked teams....COMPETITION. And of course the no name trade Edmonton made lol. I don't even care about them.  By the way I'm talking about the NHL if you still don't know what I'm talking about. So yeah today we went to Galleria to eat......and then headed back to school. Oh yeah Mike wasn't there today.....so the scapegoat of making fun of someone was........the one and only.......AMERICAN POSING.........JOHN THOMPSON! Yeah everyone made fun of him lol.  Bio Class.......BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGG. Another presentation.......well actually this one was kinda amusing.....they were talking about narcotics lol. But even if I wanted to nap I wouldn't have been able to. Holy crap Adam Ozvald sniffles once every 5 seconds....for his presentation he'd sound like this:  "Nicotine *sniff* is a form of depre*sniff*ssant.*sniff*It acts as a *sniff* depressant as it *sniff* causes *sniff* you to not *sniff sniff* have as *sniff* great of *sniff* senses *sniff sniff sniff* as usual"....*SNORT*  So yeah even if I tried to sleep......I woulda been woken up by the constant sniffling. Half the class was kinda giggling 'bout it too. Robert was gonna suggest to tell him to blow his nose....but didn't as he thought it might "offend" Adam. But in a way I think he shoulda to put Adam out of the misery he didn't know about. Oh well.....it's over now anyways. I really need to start working on the project, which me and Robert did after school.  So now to English Class....normally. However I had a guidance appointment first...so first to that....  *Running to Guidance Office...Zing.*  And now I'm sitting in Ms. Fallon's guidance office. Yeah I really needed this guidance appointment. I kinda let everything compact itself in so I never really thought about guidance until now....where I would have a 50 minute appointment lol. So basically I'd talk about how instead of pure business.....I may drop Co-op now and take Chem and Bio. It's an idea....I guess. I mean....now I have three fields I could enter: Business, Law, and Sciences. Bah but I wanted something with psychology. It's actually becoming kinda interesting....the whole neurology thing/psychology thing.....pretty cool stuff. I guess office work is starting to look.....bland I guess. But it's cool too.....with the whole competition thing. Oh well I still have until late April to figure it out....so yeah...this is gonna be one huge prayer request...just for God to help me organize out my future for me....for those praying people out there. Yeah so that was basically the whole guidance appointment......50 minutes of talking aboutwhat I wanna do with my life. The bottom line: Keep my horizon broad.  And now that I'm done that...........back to English class. Listened to some book reports. Read Romeo and Juliet. *ZZZZzzzZzzZZZZzzZZzz.* We are up to the part where Friar Lawrence plans to fake Juliet's death. Boring. REALLY Boring. I hate this stupid 500 year old play....so useless.  So yeah had to suffer that for only about 20 minutes instead of the standard 70  becuz of guidance ^_^. And then me and Rob went to the library to start our bio project on malnutrition.  Not much to say.....we researched and took notes....not much else. No one's there on Thursdays for some reason.  Bused.....came home......hmm.......yeah after school life consisted of TV, SC, piano practice, and some homework.  Yeah your typical Joe Chan day....with guidance added and some funny parts to today's school day. And now.....yeah I think I'm gonna sleep early for once....or do some more piano practicing. Later.