3/3/04   Tiring days make Joe.......well tired.   Bah another Wednesday. Wednesdays are probably the most hated days in my life. I mean just the fact it mocks you by saying you're only halfway through the week already peeves me off enough. Then again it's an indication its halfway through the week.....so only two more days before weekend lol. But also it's the fact that I have band *shudder* plus theory *double shudder.* Yeah that's why I hate Wednesdays. Average day lasts from 6am-11pm. VERY boring and tiring. But today actually wasn't horrifying....just tiring. I haven't got good sleep for the whole week, and today was no exception.  This morning I was debating about whether or not I should go to band. For some reason I decided reluctantly to go......and I did. We played actually very well this morning though. I was really surprised. And I was happy it was day 1...don't have to suffer in the same place for over two hours. Oh yeah....and up until now I don't know what the heck that green jersey I bought was of. It's just green......and it says #6 on the back. It's a nice shirt though, looked it up on foot locker. Apparently it's a Boston shooting shirt? Shooting=? Meh it's a nice shirt so I'm not complaining lol. Some people thought baseball, and others thought Rugby. I truly don't know lol. Footlocker.com says its a "Boston Shooting Jersey." Celtics? *shrug.* Who cares really it's a shirt lol. Anyways off to history...  We talked about Battle of Britain today. FINALLY a battle. The French lost so badly in the war that Ms. Manson didn't even bother talking about them really lol. Just talked about how they failed. We watched a video. History is biased.....since it was basically showing Britain's glory. Though it's true Britain whooped Germany's ass. If Hitler never PMSed though and started bombing London instead of the defenses though on Britain.....I think he could have won. But since he PMSed, and attacked London, his landing never came. He did the same with Russia. Some people say Hitler attacked Russia because he lost in a game of poker to Stalin. Yeah history zoomed by sorta.....slowly. I can see why now though Britain lived....with Hitler making a stupid descision like that. Oh well off to civics.  Learned about gov't more......blah blah. Boring. Went on computers to do some research on our government. Whoo.  Lunch....well I'm cutting funding this week and next week.....hoping to save at least 200 for Toronto and TC. I'm at 190.......so yeah I'm cutting back on food lol.  So I had fries and coffee.....what a weird combo it is. Thompson had shitty pancakes from International Soups today, and Nate and Mike had BK and Subway. Mike left early for some reason, but after he left me Thompson and Nate started talking about starting a playoff pool for NHL. And then we left for school.  Math class........it was usual. Mike was being a Jackass, everyone was a jackass to Thompson *lol* and Mike said to Courtney that she needs PMS pills. Yeah our math class is getting more and more hostile each day.  And programming......was pretty entertaining lol. We got an extra day to work on our project....and I kinda missed guidance cuz of it =P. Lol it was funny though. Pokan found out Icy's password for Friendster, and then was gonna change it......and for 40 minutes Icy was struggling to keep Pokan and Hermann from changing her PW lol. Then Pokan found out that her password worked for ALL her comp things...MSN, Hotmail, Login name for Comp, etc. So Icy was basically PMSing the whole class......and actually viciously attacked Pokan lmao. Funny watching though. And it's funny how biased Mr. Dayus is lol. He'll get Pokan in trouble......but NEVER Icy. She's always "good." *Cough*. *HACK HACK COUGH.* That was basically main highlight of programming class. I still have to finish up Hyperstudio project. Hmm.....other than that.....yeah the main highlight was the Icy vs. Pokan n' Hermann warz. They are friends but seem so hostile to one another. True blue friendship lol.  Then bused home w/ Ryan. Too tired to go to library.  And now I'm home. See I'm tired....and I can't think of much else to say about my day. And now I'm gonna go nap. Later.