3/2/04   And still counting down to TC   Yeah you're gonna have to live with my crummy titles for the next....two weeks or so. I can't really think of anything else right now except TC 2004. I can't pay attention in school even. I just doze off and think about how great it's gonna be. Then again...today did have its points where it was kinda amusing....but really I don't like Tuesdays.....the lead to stupid Band Wednesdays.  I've also now concluded......I'm one of the sole survivors of bloggers. Many of my friends have either stopped blogging or have not updated in a while. I don't blame em though....these few weeks have been tough. Well some people that I know of that have stopped blogging.....Jenn. And long-time-no-updaters are Jason, Gavin and Josh. Like I said though I'm not gonna like YELL at them or anything....these weeks have been tough.....and I've been averaging only 6 hours of sleep a night. I'm like a UWO student.....but not quite because I still have food=P. But onto my day......and I'll talk about university when I'm in university.  Life's been a bit hard lately like I've said. I don't get why since report cards are coming out in 3 days, but my teachers are bombarding me with so much crap....that I haven't had much time for drumming or piano. Breaking I still go on Fridays, but at home......not many places to practice since the cars in the garage.  Starting off in the morning....got to school like usual, and Hammond apparently set up everything for the weekend. Wow. Problem is: I can't go cuz it's when HYPE is =P. Also it's at my house......so both ways I'm having fun. So really I'm not complaining about not being able to go to Hammond's lol. I mean in both cases I get food, and have fun. HYPE has always been as blast since it came about. So yeah.....can't go to Hammond's and I'm still with HYPE =P.  Well today in music....we kinda merged classes in the end and that was the main highlight. We played for a bit, and then heard some song on a CD. Then came announcements.  And in science.......MR. CURPHEY'S BACK! No more of some retired Saunders teacher called Mr. Roxburgh. *Shudder* that guy was weird. He seemed to not understand we're in grade 10 math and would make an equation look so hard. Well since he taught us most of the motion unit so far, we don't know much, and most of us didn't do amazing on the Science quiz we had. Amazingly I got perfect! 100%! I was surprised, but not complaining lol. But yeah Mr. Curphey's now on crutches, hobbling around the classroom and still teaching us like his usual self. Lol it's kinda funny cuz we can kinda go milling about in the room and he can't do much about it. Rhoden abused this priviledge by chatting to almost every kid on the left side of the classroom, and by the time Mr. Curphey could hobble over there, Justin would mockingly pretend to hobble away. Yeah Mr. Curphey seems to be having a hard time, but it's cool to see him back. Some kids signed his cast also. And my mark is still at a healthy 87^_^.  Lunch...we went to McD's since it was Big Mac day. Not much amusing stuff happened at lunch....since now there's no  snow bank to be pushed in, and we all know if we push each other in mud, the other guy's gonna die once the muddy dude gets back up. Uhh....oh yeah but Jason came out for lunch today also. We talked about SC at lunch sadly lol.....but eventually we got in a huge convo/debate about how Chinese has no alphabet, and Nate didn't seem to get it. He kept wondering how we write stuff if we don't have an alphabet lol. But yeah in the end I think he finally understood we use CHARACTERS and not every language is based on ENGLISH RULES.  Bio class Melissa's group went today for seminars. Our group really has to start working on ours. It was REALLY BORING though. I slept through most of class.....and most of science class too. I've had good naps in class lately ^_^. Not good though for learning but meh.  English.....handed in book report, and watched the very few people that chose to, do their oral book reports. Yeah all of them were just winging it. Funny though lol. And then she gaves us 40 minutes to complete 17 Romeo & Juliet Q's. Fun. Not. I only got up to 14 and had to hand em in then.  Well now after school. We WERE supposed to Session for a bit....but I dunno where the heck Spencer went, or the twins. Saw Meaghan Tanner....apparently she broke her wrist. Ow. Hope that gets better soon. And then walked outside, about to begin my trek to my bus stop when WHAM! WTH!? Twins were outside!? *Shudder* oh well no session apparently. They had to go places. Anyways.....chatted w/ em for a bit then headed for bus stop. Yeah I'm really tired by now....but I wouldn't sleep as when I got home.....  I ate food. Then went on SC. I was REALLY bored tonight and didn't feel like doing any work, so now I'm really behind in piano theory and practicing=P. Least I got no day 2 h/w, except that stupid science crap. Well then yeah I played a few games of SC, wasn't too bad had a few fun ones. In one game I was playing against all hackers which pissed me off, and John and Age, so I started hacking as much as I could. Stacking, Map Hacking, not letting anyone do anything without my consent or Jason's.....yeah Arve and his friend got really pissed off. But yeah I proved my point in a way. Hacking is really gay. Arve was PMSing afterwards lol. So did that for a while, and then ate, and then played w/ Jeff and some other dudes on SC again, and then h/w. Oh yeah and some piano somewhere in there. Family guy tonight was a repeat.  Hmm yeah school days aren't that exciting. No blog right now even comes close to matching my Huntsville one. Well....I know for a fact TC 2004 will match it=P. Or even exceed it. So much Spiritual growth can happen at that retreat/conference. Last year I still remember....the retreat convinced me that I had to go to service every Sunday, which I'm thankful it did. I mean....without going to church service......How would I have ever gotten closer to Christ? Anyways yeah can't wait till then..and sleepin' early tonight. Band tomorrow....so catch you people later.