3/1/04   Whoa....March already? Wow.   Yes....I bet you're surprised too. And I'm surprised that I still find the will to blog at 11:45 at night. I guess typing up that book report of mine really spurred my typing fingers right now. I really don't wanna stop typing right now lol. Normally right now I'd do a jot note blog, but nope not today....this is gonna be full length, UNCUT, UNRATED, UN....umm....RELIABLE MEMORY! Well somewhat reliable=P.  But though this is supposed to be a normal blog, it's gonna be somehwat short because I REALLY want to sleep. So to make my morning short......it was a typical morning. Waking up was REALLY difficult today.  But I managed....and still got to school early so I'm ok =P.  History class we are going more "in depth" into WWII. I'm surprised how Canadian history actually tells of how lazy the Allies were in the beginning of the war and would even mention the "Phony War" at the beginning where the Allies declared war, but then didn't do anything basically. WWII history can be somewhat boring....since we haven't even hit Pearl Harbour yet. And also I'm a pretty big WWII history buff, so right now this stuff is LAME. I only like the parts where guns are the focal point. We watched a pretty interesting movie though. This Russian somehow disguised himself as a German and was sent to Hitler Youth. The movie showed the Hitlter Youth camps, and wow.....they are twisted. Also got history test of the Dirty 30's back...I GOT 100% SOMEHOW! WOW! AMAZING! YES MY MARK WILL GO UP NOW! Hmm.......and then Civics class.  Don't really remember what we did today.....OH YEAH wrote a stupid note on Canadian government hierachy basically. CANADIAN PM MAKES 140,000 A YEAR FOR SITTING ON HIS BUTT APPOINTING PEOPLE TO DO STUFF! Ugh.....how unbalanced this world is. I should make that much going to school. Oh yeah and the fact that our Governor General spent 1 million dollars of OUR TAXPAYER MONEY for a 3 week vacation in Europe. You wonder why Canada can't afford an army. And the story of how one senator only went to work 12 times in 10 years and still got paid the same 70,000 a year plus a 10,500 tax free allowance and 64 free first class air tickets to anywhere in Canada. Wow......how corrupt our government is.  Lunch.......went to Galleria. Had pizza today. Interesting how there was an expo for volunteer organizations today. So I decided to pick up a form for London Public Library. Could work who knows? And also picked up a job application form from City Hall for summer job. Thompson got the two forms also.  Math we had a quiz. got 75%. *Shrug.*  Programming last day on working on project....now we gotta do it on our own time. GAY GAY GAY.  Today at home.......lounged around for a bit.....bought some new clothes from Winners *whoo* and then did h/w. And then now blogging.  *Yawn* yeah I'm gettin pretty tired now. Sorry if this blog sucks I realize it does too. I'm getting bored from typing it even. But I can't think at midnight.......MUST SLEEP! *WUMP*