4/30/04   Another Friday of tiring self out   Relaxing Friday? PHHHT That hasn't been on the menu for a while lol. Friday's always consists of cramming for piano, UCC, and other various activities that seems to kill away my Fridays very quickly. Not that I don't like that.....in fact I enjoy it but time flies fast enough....ugh why does time have to seem to fly faster? It's like time puts on NOS boosters whenever I do something fun. But enough of the complaining...my day was.........pretty amusing I guess =P.  Senior band was much more interesting today. We played Godzilla Eats Las Vegas as opposed to the last 7 weeks where we practiced Vesuvius and our challenge pieces for Kiwanis. Gets so boring after 3 weeks....so yeah I'm happy that we have a change of course FINALLY. First time fully rehearsing Godzilla.........didn't sound bad actually. Sounds pretty cool actually I think =P. Senior band is a lot more exciting than Intermediate....as I've mentioned many times before. And also....  Apparently Senior band made the Kiwanis "Stars of the Festival" concert for Vesuvius. SHWEET! WE DID AN "OUTSTANDING" performance as described by Kiwanis. So after that excitement walked by....basically band was over....and Mrs. Wharton put on our recording of Vesuvius of our Senior Band on as 1st period music filed in for another day of productive "learning."  Music class we learned more about music history....nothing big. After that..........Mrs. Wharton announced that we will begin our quest to search for our solo piece for our final project. Hmm.....this year though we can't play anything too modern. Blast. So I'm stuck with pretty bland music for Trombone. All the songs are so crappy...and lame. So I decided to pretend to look like I was doing something class related....by looking through the crappy books we were provided with...and then thought "Ok...I'm goin' to Belle Air for music." Then I blared around on the piano for a bit..and class was over. Yes time flies.....then again it is Music....one class that I never like missing =P. Yeah also asked if I could play keys next year for Jazz band....but she would rather have me on Trombone. Ergh....  So after that good old science class *Shudder.* What a horrifying class. It's so lame especially when you're doing ECOLOGY. WHOA LOOK SNAKES EAT MICE....WHO THE HELL CARES?! I'D RATHER BE MORE AMUSED LOOKING AT THE FOOD I WILL BE INDULGING IN THE NEXT 60 MINUTES AFTER THIS RETARDED CLASS. *ding ding* YES THE BELL!  Lunch today: good old Galleria. Got one of those pancake breakfasts....which I haven't had in ages. So ate one of those......Mike had a sunburn so smacked him across the back after he nearly pushed me into a garbage can.....and John hit Mike a few times too lol. Tip: When you have a sunburn..don't piss off your friends =P. Quick lunch.....I wanted Jasper's today though. Their food is startin' to really be good......mmmmm perogies and quesadillas....and pizza....mmmmmmmmmmmm.....................foooood...  Bio class was pretty lame. Watched some video we've watched already and I slept through most of it. Not very exciting....  English we started our exam guiding.....pretty fun I guess. Figured out me and Kurtis have the Oct. 12 as our B-days....which means I ain't the only kid that doesn't have their G1 till then. Nothing much really happens in english....read a bit....and today we are just preparing for our essay exam......*shrug*  After school......headed for home. Took the bus w/ Ryan and we decided to meet up at the park to play some ball after school. So got home....quickly grabbed a sandwich to eat...then headed out for the park...  Played some ball for 'bout 40 minutes or so....then we left. Well he left first....then I left 10 minutes later. Eventually though I'd still end up playing a bit more ball when I headed to UCC....except basically me and Dan were the only people @ UCC playing ball lol. So went home.......did some stuff around the house...piano,drums,etc. and then headed out to UCC after a dinner of a omlette that sorta resembled a Western omlette   No breakin' tonite....just workin' out w/ Marcello and Dan and then some ball on my own since no one seems to be at UWO now since everyone's GONE. So did some cardio...weights *my arms are useless right now literally* and then balled. Then went home...  And here I am....desperately trying to organize everything for the weekend. HYPE schedule....praise for Sunday....etc. Yeah I really feel like a secretary right now....only thing I'm missing is a phone headset and a coffee machine. Later.