4/29/04   HYPE for May-June: All Wendy and Kendrick lol   School may not have been exciting today....but after school life was pretty amusing. Well it wasn't my average Thursday at least.....had to go to Josh's to plan for HYPE over the summer. Then after that.......explored for the first time the Adidas Outlet store down on Fanshawe Park....which I thought pretty much sucked. But school did have its bright side I guess.....I think I aced a trigonometry test....and Mr. Brown subbing for Civics is pretty funny. Anywho for the rest of my day...  I woke up at 720 this morning like usual time......and I actually felt refreshed from a good night's sleep for once. I think I was talking in my sleep last night though......well for some reason I recall doing that...plus my mom thought she heard me talking to myself in my sleep. Heh haven't done that in ages....last time I recall doing that was grade 5. So anyways after pondering for a few minutes about whether I was talking out loud while sleeping or not....I finally decided that I did and then headed downstairs for my breakfast...I ate that...and then morning routine...and then headed to school.  At school......well I got there somewhat early today....and then headed into History class after chatting with Pourier about yesterday's Kiwanis....which like I said we blew total crap. After that headed upstairs then...and then headed into history.....preparing for the dreaded test that we......  DON'T HAVE?! AUGH IT'S POSTPONED AGAIN! Actually wait.....SHWEET IT'S POSTPONED AGAIN! Though I wasted one hour doing something I didn't have to do.......at least I have more time to study now =). Apparently Ms. Manson was at a track meet......so Mr. Campbell came into teach us today. Apparently last class they watched the Nuremburg trials....which are REALLY pointless and lame. I mean why would you charged someone for murder when they were under order to? It's not THEIR fault that Hitler told them to...if they didn't they would have died. That's what I really don't get about these trials....and apparently some people even now are still trying to hunt down the Nazi veterans. Their 90 now for crying out loud leave them be! Might as well let them live out their old.....quiet lives now. Well after finishing that stupid movie *most of them got hanged* we then had Mrs. Bailey come in. *Shudder* she's loud....old....and annoying. She's like your typical old person. She tells us to shut up....and then 5 minutes later she starts blabbering. Ugh can she ever shut up....she's worst than those FOBS at Weldon Library that Cynthia described in her blog. I mean talk is good.....but when your teacher is blabbing about economics in history class.....and about how London has no outlet stores though it does......it kinda ticks me off sometimes. She seems crazy sometimes too. Well after history though.....we had another two sub teachers for Civics...  Civics never seems to liven up. Watching a video with some kid narrarating how Parliament is "exciting" doesn't make life much more exciting in that drab Room 308 during civics class. Then after the video though.....Mr. Brown came in to teach a bit of civics. Somehow....he actually made it seem exciting. He imitated some parliament dudes which got us all kinda laughing plus he also talked about USEFUL things....like how much a MP gets paid....which is apparently a CRAPLOAD. I can see why law class is pretty popular @ Central. He's a pretty cool teacher. Well after a quick 40 minutes or so with him teaching....it was lunch. Fastest civics class ever I think happened today =P.  For lunch....well Nate headed to Stobie's so me and John headed to Jasper's. Brescia came too...but she had to walk to a bus stop....apparently she forgot something at home lol. Had a pizza at Jasper's today that was REALLY good and John apparently got addicted to Chimichangas...or however you spell it. You know.....deep fried wrap w/ chili and stuff and you serve it with sour cream or salsa? Anyways he said it's REALLY good...but the pizza at Jasper's ain't bad either. Monica, Maisie and Pokan came to Jasper's too....and apparently Pokan and Monica were figuring out their essays or sometin' for their english class. HAH we do ours next Thursday lol. So for today I studied trig @ lunch....and then after a bit me and John headed back to school for our math test.....  Math test: was easier than I thought. Hmm it's kinda funny......but it seems as though as my Spiritual Life grows....school stress seems to lessen and lessen more. God really makes his presence when you ask him for it. Well I believe that at least anyways if you don't....but really last few months....entrusting Christ with more and more of my life....things have really been flowing as well as water flowing through a river. Today's test seemed to be fairly easy....and I hope that Mike did alright also. Well it SEEMED easy at least....who knows maybe I did everything wrong lol....hope not though. Well after the test.....  PROGRAMMING! Like usual......much typing.....and trying to crunch the many Syntax errors within my program down. Eventually with the help of Mr. Dayus I solved the problems.....and now we are onto a project where we have to animate a whole animation thing. I was gonna do Super Mario....but decided that's too hard so I'm gonna maybe make a robber steal something.....or maybe a plane. *Shrug* I'll figure it out later....my head was hurting at the time.  So after school now....WHOOOOO! Took Springbank up to Josh's. Realized two things while on bus:  1)Bus drivers in London are much more polite than Toronto drivers 2)Reading PDL seems so much easier on a bus than at home  I don't see how......but reading Purpose Driven Life is so much easier on bus. Not as many distractions as at home.....plus it's so quiet on the bus....at home there's TV....Compy....MSN's constant *doo doo doo* or something like that. And the bus driver started talking to me. Like a regular daily convo. Well me being a loudmouth I started talking also....and before I knew it 30 minutes had passed....and I was at my stop. In Toronto it took forever for me to even just get a transfer lol. So like I said....before I knew it I was already at my stop. Talked to Justin Deyell while on the bus.....plus some girl that I don't remember that somehow remembers me from Pearson. Don't really know her name...but I've seen her around school once or twice.  So after walking up this massive hill to Josh's place....FINALLY started our meeting for HYPE planning. This will be the last one Ali will attend....and also the first one for our summer term. Surprisingly everyone was early lol....so Wendy's plan worked haha. Basically planned out HYPE for May and June....mostly Kendrick and Wendy will handle it *with Theresa "guest-starring" a few times* and also we talked a lot about the three kids comin' in from Sunday School group in September. Also a few pondered about whether we will have new counselors next year. Hmm...so far our summer seems pretty relaxed compared to school year HYPE....and yeah we'll be packing lots of fun nights and stuff lol....mostly because well....IT'S SUMMER! Everyone's lazy =P.  Got a ride back to my place from Kendrick.....before that though we all stopped at Fast Eddie's for some burgers and fries. Seems to be a favourite place for UWO students to go to lol....plus I think now that that would be the last time I'll see Ali as part of HYPE. Didn't realize that at the moment....but now that I think about it....yeah I think it was. Bummer. Kinda funny but I think I'm the last HYPEr to see Ali before she's leavin'. Oh well...time must move on I guess....and as that cheesy drama saying goes "The show must go on."  Afterwards made my first ever trip to Adidas Outlet store...which really isn't that grand and then headed home....  and now I'm here. Bloggin' yet again. Sleepin' soon though since I got band tomorrow....gonna watch a bit of hockey though if it's on. Wonder if the games are over yet? *shrug* Later people.