4/28/04   School? uhh...Oh yes right that =P   Hehe almost forgot about that government facility that over 5000 kids in London go to 5/7 days of the week. Why? Well simply because I barely went to school today lol. Oh yes.....the Kiwanis festival has once again pulled me out of class and killed 4/5 of my schoolday, since today was also Early Dismissal. With all that into play, I was in school today for a total of......100 minutes? =P.  My day started off with brass ensemble this morning.....and would be our only time rehearsing for our Kiwanis class later on in the morning lol. So got up.....trudged outta bed.......morning routine and *zing* I was off to school...  Ergh.......now sitting in room 125 like every other band rehearsal.....and we sound like crap. With the added problems like half of the people can't count....and another few I don't understand why they are in Gr. 10 music.....we took one hour to rehearse the one and only song we are performing and we still sounded like crap. So after that grueling one hour practice......we sat in music class.....  for the duration of 50 minutes that it lasts. Then.......OFF TO KIWANIS! WHO CARES IF WE SUCK......AT LEAST WE ARE MISSING CLASS.........and there's nothing anyone can do about it =P. Oh yeah something interesting in announcements today:   ME AND JOHN MADE 7TH PLACE IN GUYS DOUBLES IN TVRAA!=)   That's one place higher than our original seeding! AND WE ARE IN TOP 10! WHOOOOOO! So we didn't do AS  bad as thought.....which is good. So there....some hope for me and John's badminton career =P.  Summarizing today's Kiwanis in one word: Crap. Total Crap. Finlan's trombone skillz would actually look mediocre for once if he played today.......so after a lecture about how we sucked, and what we could improve from our total suckage we left the Salvation Army Citadel....and sat on their lawn waiting for the bus. The bus ride there and back was filled with many various convos.......ranging from chicks to Star Trek.....and Family Guy. Yeah the minds of various gr. 10's. So vast and bubbling with so many...uhh.....already existent ideas and stereotypical thoughts =P.  SO arriving back to school..........ARGH 40 MINUTES LEFT OF SCHOOL! Was gonna go out for lunch....but some people from Kiwanis went back to class already so it'd be kinda funny how I didn't make it yet the others did. English class consisted of reading though so no biggie. Rain Fall is getting to be a better and better  book now....plus Fried Green Tomatoes is kinda picking up also. Reading's becoming a DECENT pastime now =P. But 40 minutes passes by quickly.....as this paragraph will. POOF!  YAY NO MORE SCHOOL FOR A DURATION OF MANY HOURS! After school......I was gonna go ball w/ Jason @ UCC.....but Indoor Soccer had its time at UCC after school. So for alternate plan: LAN gaming at Head 2 Head. Met up with John...and headed out to downtown. Actually......UCC was 2nd plan come to think of it, since me and John planned to go gaming earlier =P. Oh well anyways to the subject.....stopped at Jaspers for lunch...where eventually we cancelled and John ended up getting a Java for no reason....and headed to Head 2 Head.....where lunch would consist of microwavable food *hot dogs and mini pizzas =P......mmmmm the unhealthy goodness=P.* First up on our gaming list: C&C Generals....  As we kept going on playing various games.......it started raining outside. Lauren would tell me later at theory that it was apparently freezing rain and hail...and she had to bike in it. Poor kiddo lol. Jason would eventually head off to play SC.....while me and John went to play some Quake III....  Our contrasting gaming styles once again cause John to win...but I killed him a few times =P.  Then: BF1942. Jason would join in this too...and we played mostly holdout maps *D-Day* and urban fights *Stalingrad and Berlin.* It's kinda cool though how realistic programming has got over the years.....I still remember back when......well Doom was 2D lol. So we played BF for a bit...then went on to BFV.....where backstabbing became a trend for us lol.  Yeah we pretty much made a good looking game look its worst. We butchered it a lot with stupid acts like sinking our own boat, fighting each other and roadkilling one another. John was driving full steam into me with a jeep....I machine gunned him....eventually we both died lol. Head 2 Head I don't think will ever get boring.........may sound geeky but meh games can still be fun every once in a while =P. I'm not 40 just yet hehe.  And so home......after tiring gaming....slept lol.  *2 hours later*  THEORY CLASS. Whoo. Didn't do much....overlooked papers......and hoped for the best as May 8th slowly comes closer. Hmm......only a week left......and I still need to do a few papers lol......I should be  done soon though....only got a few questions left =P. Cramming rules haha...  Anyways back home now....cramming for history and overlookin' trigonometry stuff. Goin' to bed now though....hehe prayers for my history test and math test to go well....God I know you're with me......and I really hope you'll help me and whoever else with these upcoming tests. Last month and half of school left.....as Simon on his blog said for his UWO exams:  HOME STRETCH!  This right now feels like the home stretch.....last 100m before Summer Holidays! HURRY UP!  Sayonara.