4/27/04   Conference Today....GRRR NO WOSSAA!   Argh......the bitter taste of loss when it's just so close to a victory. When you get eliminated by STA 1 and then lose to Saunders 3.....yeah it really sucks. I feel like the Red Wings right now back in 2003 when the Ducks killed them in a 4-0 series. Ergh......and I was so close to making quarters. If only we got by them....cuz next team I know we coulda won. Oh well.....we made a decent run for 8th seeded team I guess. I'm surprised we even got seeded lol.....we went to one quad meet and *POOF* we are in 8th place. Well though me and John's hopes are now crushed for making guys doubles in WOSSAA.....there's still next year......or the year after that. Hopefully in one of them we make it. This spring/summer: Badminton Practice.....LOTS of it. Plus volunteer work/basketball/usual stuff I do in summer. But other than that....BADMINTON lol. On the bright side though.....least I got to miss school =).  Though school wasn't on the menu today.....I still had to wake up at 7:20 to get ready for badminton. Lucky I packed everything last night.....so this morning I just had to jump in the car and go on my way to STA. Breakfast this morning consist of rice.....and some other stuff since I wanted carbs....as so rumours say a carb meal is good before sports. So after that....quickly brushed my teeth n' stuff and then headed out....all set and ready for the day that lies of head for badmintonage.  Got to STA around......8ish? Saw Meaghan struggling to find an entrance so we eventually found the front entrance. STA's announcements are much different from ours. After the anthem they seem to say something......like a prayer of some sort before the day starts. I didn't know so when I began walking and then heads turned....yeah I realized something was different lol. Plus I was actually kinda amazed that kids are independently standing in the middle of the halls for the anthem. At Central....if a teacher doesn't see you.....normally kids will just walk to wherever they are going. I was surprised that students actually showed respect during the anthem. Maybe Catholic Schools do have something different. *Shrug* Well after that headed around the school.....trying to find the gym in a school seeming to be 4x the size of Central. Eventually we managed to....and......  WOW THEIR GYM IS SMALL. Well compared to Saunders. Maybe every gym is this size around town....but their gym seemed somewhat small. So warmed up.....rallied a bit with John.....and then talked to the people I know there. Calvin, and the few who I've played before already. The dude quickly made a few announcements *the organizer* and then....LET THE GAMES BEGIN. So grabbed my Gatorade, raquet, and headed to Game 1 of the day: Central 1 *me and John* Vs. CCH 3.  Not being in competition badminton for a year.....I felt kinda shaky. But as we rallied, and then got into our game face.....the game blew by pretty quickly. Two quick victories of 11-2 and 11-1. Fun fun ^_^. OOOOH so this is what guys doubles is like at conference level. So me and John....shining with our victory reported the score, and then waited for our next game....which wasn't for a while. So heaaded up to the mezzaine to watch the games......and we see Hermann. HUH? Yeah weird but guess he skipped school for badminton spectating. So talked to him for a bit, then Calvin, Pokan.....and then headed downstairs to get ready for 2nd game. Just before that though.....John apparently met his heavily-stoning partner...whatever the hell his name was.....but John seems to have lots of nicknames varying from Mophead to T-Time lol. After chattin' for a bit, we headed down then. Surprisingly.....Central's doubles teams would all make it through first round. SHWEET! lol.  And so to our 2nd game: Central 1 Vs. Holy Cross 1....  We whooped them lol. First game 11-2.....and I guess 2nd game they picked up the pace a bit so 11-7. Whew I was thinking "Crap......tiebreaker" but it never happened =). So won that....and up next.....the dreaded, and most infamous.....STA 1. *Eep*.  Before that though....a quick lunch =). Ate a granola bar+a Snickers, downed with nothing else but Gatorade.....mmmmmmm. Then Josh came down for his lunch also and chatted for a bit. Yeah he told us we were screwed......much the same way Calvin did:  "Have fun"  Why am I so intimidated by STA 1 you ask? Uhh.......*COUGH.*  Even though we had time of rest......OMG WE GOT OWNED lol.I can see why Josh and Calvin were pretty much anticipating my loss. They didn't look that good...Short kids.......and one seemed to be anorexic lol. I can see why he was nicknamed "Bones." Even with that though.....when gametime came.....1st set me and John got shut out for the first time in our lives. First time in my badminton career at least....and IT HURTS. Just knowing the fact that every serving attempt you had was wiped out by an onslaught of smashes, and you can't do anything about it since me and John only clear for smash reception.....yeah we lost pretty bad....and were pretty peeved cuz of it. 2nd game though, we did what no other team before us did.....  WE MANAGED TO PUT OURSELVES ON THE BOARD!  YES! 3 POINTS! THOUGH IT WAS A HUMILIATING 11-3 LOSS......BUT WE ARE NOW KNOWN AS THE ONLY TEAM TO HAVE SCORED 3 POINTS ON THEM! GING AAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Who cares if we lost....we did what no other team has managed to do yet =). We had this one mad play though during the 2nd match. Though I don't remember it really since I was the one diving.....but what pretty much happened was I received two smashes, dived for a third, then John took in 3 and then we took it home.....OUR FIRST POINT! In a REALLY good rally. Like I said before though...we got wrecked lol. And coaching did nothing since Ms. Bates seems to only state the obvious. Gah why couldn't our student coaches be here they actually PLAY badminton. Oh well.......least I lost knowing I lost to the 1st seeded team in the league....no Mighty Ducks story for me. You stay underdog....you lose underdog =P.  Yup.......now we are in elimination round......last team from Central to have it occur to us. First game we played: We played Central 2...  Yes.....the irony/crappiness of that. First game we play in elimination we play our own school. Plus after that game the victor plays either some other school or Central 3. So basically our school killed ourselves. Josh came down again after our loss to STA.....and actually congratulated me and John on our defense. WHOOOOO! We are now officially labeled:   DEFENSIVE TEAM CENTRAL!   "Least we are good at something" as Josh said. And it's true. 3/4 of the teams come with no technique, offense, or defense whatsoever. At least we had one half....and this summer we are hoping to develop the 2nd half. And so after that talk.....he had to head to class....and me and John had to prepare to whoop Finlan and Hughes' asses. Not the coolest thing playing your team....but we were victorious happy to know we owned Finlan in both games=). Team unity there eh lol.  And so the game began with us whooping them.....and it ended with us whooping them. The game was pretty one sided.....and we managed to really beat them pretty bad. Finlan doesn't move....and Alex really does try his hardest it seems.....but when you got a gimpy partner....yeah times can be difficult. So finally....me and John are the lone survivors from Central Secondary School in this conference final.....all the other teams are now gone....including our girls doubles squad which got chewed up pretty badly in the beginning few matches. And so after that victory......our final game was at hand: Central. Vs. the humiliating Saunders 3....where ironically we somehow lost.....we didn't bring our A game for sure....more like our B Game....or maybe C. Both ways......we sucked pretty badly.  It started with a crappy 3-0 run by them....where we eventually caught up but just couldnt keep the pace. Eventually we lost around 11-7.....which really sucked and in 2nd game we just blew it and loste11-4. It was pretty bad....and so that was the end to me and John's doubles badminton season. Beats last year at least...both of us crapped out much more than this year....and this year we actually managed to get past 2nd round.....WHOA!!!! Well he did....last year I got beaten out since my partner seems to struggle at figuring out how to hold a badminton raquet.  So then we stopped at Angelo's....bought some food and then gave him a lift back home and I went home...ate then slept.  *Three hours later*  Here I am blogging once again...bleh today had its good times and its bad times. We had our good beginning run but then was abruptly shut down by STA....and then got our bags packed by STA. *Sigh* oh well there's next year still and gr. 12 like I said....so two more chances of making regional finals.....er actually provincial in senior and then it's over for me and high school badminton.  Now I go eat dinner and then do homework. WHOO HOO early dismissal tomorrow! Can't wait =).  Cya.