4/26/04   One more Kiwanis event to go.....AND FINALLY I SEE GOLD!   After some nervous playing....and fumbling with the trombone slide....I FINALLY SEE GOLD AT KIWANIS WITH SENIOR BAND! Now at first....I was kinda expecting a silver since we had the same communist-like adjudicators as when Intermediate band played....but once we heard Lucas got Gold....I started thinking "YES WE HAVE A CHANCE!" And we did =). Central got gold....PLUS A TROPHY! Ahh yes....so Kiwanis now I've got a glimpse at every sort of make-believe Kiwanis earth metal there is. I've technically got 1 Gold, 4 Silvers, and 1 Bronze. This is including band stuff and my regular stuff. So if I had Kiwanis bling....I'd be blingified =P. Plus I missed lots of school.....production at its best =P.  So my day today started with the awakening of me around 7:20 or so. Ate, morning routine, and then headed out the door.....carrying a whole bunch of crap for school today. Badminton stuff, music stuff, school stuff, other stuff....like I said lots of stuff. Hmm dunno why but I was pretty cheery today....guess I was excited for Kiwanis....plus NO SCHOOL TOMORROW *badminton conference *AND EARLY DISMISSAL WEDNESDAY. OOOOOOOOH yes...sweet sweet luxury of no school =)....or very little.  Well after dumping most of my junk in my locker, I preceded heading to first period: Music Class. Mostly all we did today was listen to our performance on Thursday......which was pretty bad. That was Communism day....and it sucked. No worries though I'm not complaining THAT much about it....since I guess we're lucky we didn't get Bronze. Would have been humiliating being only school with a bronze...especially being Central. So we talked about how we sucked, and how we did DECENT I guess.....and then some music history! Whoo. I just LOVE learning about the music periods *not.*  After that class.....SCIENCE. Slept through some video about endangered Species. Don't remember much. For some reason there was an ant infestation near my desk. Squashed most of em....reminded me of SST commercials in the movie lol. Science class....argh how I wish the school year would end quicker. I've survived 7 months of this crap already....JUST ONE MORE MONTH! Er.....1 and a half or so.  Lunch: Well I was thinking of playing Baddy @ lunch....but couldn't resist going to Jasper's for lunch. Especially today....I definitely don't regret going out for lunch. PEROGIES ON SPECIAL!?!?!?!? Mmmmm.....who cares if it was $6.00?! THEY'RE PEROGIES! Plus I got a Caesar Salad. Oh yes....who cares about badminton when you have FOOD?! GOOD FOOD! Mmm.....Perogies ^_^.  After lunch.....afternoon went sorta like this:  Bio class: note-taking + tirendess makes Joe tired. Not many jokes today or anything....pretty below-average class. We did some note taking. Oh yeah and I took down a whole note....AND THEN FIND THE HANDOUT AFTERWARDS IN MY BINDER. ARGH! STUPID UNORGANIZATION *whaps head on table* OW!  English class.....since we were supposed to be doing exams but they are postponed for various reasons.......we read....a crapload. And first day of "what are you reading" book reports. Random choosing of people to talk about their book. Whitney and Mike I remember went up...and I think Lilian was the last person. Looks easy enough....all that happens is we get interrogated about our book, and then sit down and she writes down a mark. Beats writing out reports =P.  After English.....yeah picked up Senior band uniform and then Stage Band X practice. Ran through some songs.....went over adjudication for Stage Band X and then baddy practice. Not much happened. My whole after school was quite a blur. Went home then to eat and then headed out for senior band which I've talked about already.  Anyways I'm out for  the night. Gotta sleep early for baddy conference tomorrow. Wish me Luck! Gavin managed to make it to WOSSAA for singles....Hope me and Mophead can do the same for doubles =). Later.