4/25/04   Two more days until conference...   Though this may not be exciting or nerve-racking for some....but for me.....a average badminton player who's playing doubles this year....I WANNA MAKE IT INTO WOSAA............if I can. Well....there's two more days....so quickly practice....and hope for the best I guess haha. Good day mostly today.....mostly badminton....plus some jamming w/ Gavin and of course church. Hmm guess a usual Sunday I guess...plus 5 hours of badminton....and just awaiting the time of Conference Finals...plus more Kiwanis still lol...  After catching some shut eye, I finally woke up around 830 or so and quickly ran around the house getting ready for church. Scrambling around for my things and gettin dressed and all......yeah by the time we headed out the door.....I was tired =P. So picked up Lina....and then drove down to Jason's to get him too....and then off we were. While passing by Mykono's this time....I ACTUALLY NOTICED IT! Unlike the usual "uh what's that dump?" Now that place has itself nestled into the food section of my brian =). Mmmm....foooood.  So finally getting to church....we were early...something we needed though since we had to haul in a thing or two into the church...mostly chairs we borrowed for BBQ. And then we headed upstairs....where umm a guest person was doing Praise & Worship. Originally I think Gavin was asked by Pastor Dale....but this weeks been REAL busy for many of us. With dinner, farewell for some HYPE members and for me Kiwanis and Badminton....life's been pretty hectic lol. But worship was still good....and today in the message we now have completed studying Phillipians. Our final memory verse from the of UWO school year:  "And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus" -Phillipians 4:19  Today's sermon we learned about sharing, and one big thing that caught my attention was though Paul SEEMED like he'd be a hated man going through so much suffering for Christ, so many Christians back then supported him with so much. So suffering for Christ....in return you do get rewarded and God does have backup planned for you =).  After that we went downstairs, chatted....then headed into Sunday school where we learned about Jonah today. So far in the book.....we just got past the part where he gets eaten by the GIANT FISH....not WHALE. Afterwards.....well me, Jason, and Calvin may have a Hoop-It-Up team this year haha.....but we still need to find a centre. Jacky said he may...so YES MAYBE we have a team already MAUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Fiddled around with guitar *I CAN SUCCESSFULLY CHANGE FROM G, TO C, TO E-MINOR TO A NOW!* and then headed home....taking Gavin, Lina, and Jason also.  Well took Lina and J home....and Gavin came over for a bit of jamming w/ drums and geektar. Ate first of course....who can forget lunch and then jammed.....that's basically what we did for an hour, then played PS2, Compy, and then headed to badminton....  Now since I'm running low on time....and my eyes are struggling to stay above my pupils....I'll summarize my evening with this one word:  BADMINTON.  It's great =P.  Later.