4/24/04   So much for adjusting back to normal life...   Heh seems like a ritorical statement I made yesterday about me going back to normal. Truthfully....after today....yeah a normal average Joe life still hasn't gone by. Today was just as hectic and crazy as any other day of this week lol. So today's Saturday was a really fun, exciting, and jumbled addition to the rest of my week. Very fun though......as mentioned before plus tried Greek cuisine for the first time in my life today...which I must say is GOOOOD!  With Kiwanis over, I decided to slack off this week from piano. It's kinda at the bottom of my list now with theory and other things to finish. so today.....being the lazy one that I am...I woke up around 1130ish. Ahh yes sleep....but then the annoyance of being waked up by the aroma of a barbecue getting up and running. Ok so not ANNOYING exactly but.....still disturbing lol. The aroma of BBQ sauce dripping into the fire, the sizzling of the steak being BBQ'd and all....yeeeeah it was a good aroma lol. So falling into the temptation *OH NO.....TEMPTATION* I quickly ran downstairs, grabbed a plate, rice, and quickly ran out to the wood deck to grab a piece of steak. Yeah savouring the previews to this afternoon's BBQ day for my English Service....mmmmmmmm good steak ^_^. So after eating that steak.....headed out the door for my usual Saturday piano lesson.  Lalalala.....yup at piano lessons now. Like usual congratulates me on my achievements in Kiwanis....and she even thought was total b/s how some girl won playing a piece that was out of the rules. Grr....coulda got two seconds =@! Oh well.....least I still won something I guess....not everything's a win win situation. Today didn't do much actual playing.....more of "Joe let's mark your theory....even though you're coming later!" So yeah now I've got all my theory marked....and I am still on my quest to complete final 5 papers. Pray for me to finish 'em by May 5th lol. Procrastination is not the key in this case =P. Oh yeah and apparently Mrs. Mitsis told that Helen person to look for me at  school because she needs help on Latin Prelude....which I'm pretty good at. OOOOK so she's not a stalker *whew* lol.  Got home after lesson.....and to my not-so-surprised self everyone was there at the BBQ already. Mmm....the food.....and everything....yeah good times this afternoon. So much steak....and the salad was pretty good too. Dad came through again for being the master chef he is.....and really cooked up a good meal today for everyone. Think 50 people showed up in the end.....pretty crowded out in backyard though. Fun times though....with all the jokes and stuff. The steak instantly reminded me, Josh and Gavin about Ju Pah.....lol plus we would be reminded @ Mykono's also =P. Oh yeah and I've now set the bar of insect classification as this:  "Anything below 5 feet is an insect..." *COUGHREBECCACOUGH!*  Well in the end that burn didn't work anyways....since she's past the 5 foot mark now lol....and Jenn I think just misses that mark too haha=P.  Well after eating...we headed downstairs to watch my newly bought movie....KILL BILL *again.* I've seen it 3 times already in two days....and the 3rd time watching it today was no different. I'm still somehow amused by the movie...  So yeah pretty much everyone thought was pretty good movie. Many think it's funny how the excessive blood squirting is amusing *I did a bit.....I mean it does sorta look like fruit punch* and also few of 'em liked my favourite part with the "Wiggle your big toe." I won't reveal much of the movie.....so go rent/buy it on your own =P. *Shudder* one downside/upside of showing the movie today though....  First the downside:  CALVIN CAN'T EVER SHUT UP DURING A MOVIE! Throughout the movie he'd honestly ask some of the dumbest questions ever. I mean not trying to be mean....but when someone's squirting litres of blood....THEY'RE DEAD CALVIN. Also CORN POPS DON'T RANDOMLY FIRE OUT LIKE A BULLET FROM THE BOTTOM OF THE CEREAL BOX.....as he somehow cluelessly thought does.  But the upside:  Calvin can never deny his somewhat often occuring stupidity ever again =P. This is going to haunt him for a while....and as Gavin says:  "You are now officially out of the movie watchers club. The club: everyone else."  Jokes jokes Calvin....but honestly smarten up at times lol.  So after watching the  movie for the 3rd time....it was four....wait....FOUR!? CRAP! And I quickly rush out to car and dad drove me to theory class....EMERGENCY THEORY CLASS. Everyone else was still at my place.....so don't know what they did lol. But on my perspective of the afternoon.....  Yup....so I got to my theory class late....but meh s'all good I'm only just trying to find some time to really cram in some theory....which I managed to do. Started paper 10, and did a lot in the other ones. Also chatted with the few people I knew there *NO ONE FROM THEORY 3 WHY!?* so managed to talk with Jaclyn and Lindsay while there lol. Though I'm mostly totally out of the bubble they have, there were a few things we could relate to. Normally I don't really see 'em much at school....hmm I think mainly because I guess I chill w/ different people? Not that I don't like em....actually they real cool people...just rarely seem em lol. So sat a round there until 5:15....where after a photo or two and grabbing a donut *something we get everytime at a theory "clinic" hobbled out of her house and then jumped in my car.....and off to Mykono's we go!  Judging this restaurant is like judging a book by its cover. The outside....when I saw it for the first time *er noticed it more like* my first thought:  "O M G I'm going to this dump for dinner on Saturday?"  Turns out I was totally wrong...the inside is actually pretty sweet.....and plus their little tented area where our HYPE group sat in....was pretty cool =P. So well....the HYPE counselors like usual arrived according to Chinese time *around 15 minutes late* and Ali couldn't manage to find Mykono's until she called Brian lol. Theresa thought the same as me also from what I heard about the whole...."eew we going to this shack?" but in the end it all worked out I think. Well at least for me it did....I don't complain about a restaurant that serves REALLY good food. Few people ordered souvlakis, one table just ordered an appetizer plate or two to share among themselves....Josh ordered this kickass Greek coffee and some steak meal...and I got myself Greek-Style Lasagna and a Frappe. Aww crap forgot the word for greek coffee w/out sugar now. But gotta try that next time. Coffee tasted like coffee....with a tang of "huong dow saah" *cheesy direct translation to "red bean dessert"* lol. My frappe was amazin'....plus the greek lasagna.....*mmm.....lasagna.* Oh yeah and Greek salad I've never actually known to be this good. Feta cheese on salad is actually a great combo. I think I'm gonna become a lover of Greek cuisine now after today...gotta go there again =P. Plus ONLY PLACE I'VE EVER SEEN IN LONDON THAT SELLS LAMB CHOPS! So those meats they sell at meat shops labelled "Lamb" does get business from some places lol.  So after that scrumptous and eye-opening dinner into a new world of cuisine....I hopped into Kendrick's car along with Dan, Jason, and Gavin and we headed to BKung's place. Lol but before that....the crazy car rides that Kendrick somehow manages. First off.....drag racing a Jetta Vs. Brian's Protoge....LOL hilarious. Jetta killed the little Jap Lawn Mower.....and we then stopped by at a Shopper's Drug Mart to buy some food and stuff for tonight....so did that....then back we went into Kendrick's Crayonmobile *it smells like crayons for some reason.* And off to Brian's.  *Sigh* yeah tonight's the last meeting for JT and Ali. We'll be missin' em a lot...and on a personal note:  Thanks JT and Ali for all you two have done for our HYPE group along with the other counselors. May Christ keep on shining within in you guys in whatever future paths you may step into. We'll all miss you always...and you both will be in my mind forever....with the amount of work you've put into helping LCAC grow furthermore and putting a HUGE stepping stone in my Walk of Faith....or if you want a big boost for me. Thanks a lot to both of you guys.....and keep in touch!  But before that....we had some time of fellowship. Tonight just getting closer with one another with many games and just chillin' with people. Played some Bible Pictionary, and then after that the card game "Killer." They then went on to play Yuker....but me, Jason, and some other people decided to hit the X-Box with Gotham racing and NBA Street. Lol Two point games with 12 second shot clock in NBA street were hilarious. In the end I think JT and Brian killed me and Jason but we pulled off some pretty sweet stuff still lol. Ali had to leave early though.....but we all still managed to sign her journal and JT's before the day was at end. Kinda cool though with the whole journal thing....I want one now lol. Hmm for now though.....we chilled....then headed out around 10pm or so....and this was basically where my day ended.   Hmm.......so guess now I'll be headin' to bed. Church tomorrow plus some badminton practice. Also gotta find my band uniform at Bud Gowan's tomorrow for Kiwanis on Tuesday. So hehe....until tomorrow's entry. Later people =).