4/23/04   And the world revolves normally again *for me*   Hmm.....sometimes life  can seem to be turned upside down. When I say this I don't mean like "OH NO EVERYTHING'S GOING WRONG" I mean it more of a "FINALLY LIFE'S BACK TO ITS AVERAGE SELF." Usually I don't like normality of my days....but after this hectic week....normality can seem to be such a precious commodity. With 4 days of Kiwanis, badminton, catching up on history+civics, and a whole potpourri of other things....hehe yeah these last few days have been a blast though. So sometimes being out of the ordinary can really whoop ass. Who cares if Kiwanis turned out pretty crummy this year....this week also brought many other things into my life for me to see. I got to see disabilities of humans can never get in the way of achieveysments, see melf do decent in Kiwanis if not the school, Stage Band X beat out a senior jazz group, and of course.....SEE KILL BILL VOL. 1, which I'll elaborate on later. And also....seeing God's guidance and wisdom really fall on me as I could have never gone through this week with the ease and calmness that he provided. So props to him =).  Like I said....life is getting back to its normal route....which actually as I'm writing this entry now I'm starting to not like. This week has been fun *not just because I missed lots of school* but also because I got to see so many new things.....like me actually doing decent at Kiwanis, and learning that reading can actually be amusing at times. Too much to explain....as I will do throughout this blog...  SO CONTINUING FROM "Like I said..."  Senior Band this morning. Hehehe we play next week.....so yeah Kiwanis isn't over this year until near the very end for me. Like any other Tuesday, Wednesday or Friday I woke up at 630am, trudged out of bed, and slowly made my way downstairs for breakfast. Also like any other morning, I did my morning routine, got packed up and headed out the door, eyes still drooping and everything still seeming like a blur to me at 645am. Nothing too out of the ordinary for my mornings.....radio was talking about hockey games from last night....Leafs lost, Detroit lost *surprisingly* and Colorado lost   Band this morning: I'm actually starting to sound somewhat decent. Though there still are some parts I don't get in Vesuvius and Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night, but I'll figure that out in time =P. One thing though I'm happy for is the fact that Mrs. Wharton actually gave me opportunity to play in this band....SOOO MUCH MORE FUN than Intermediate band. Same as Stage Band X.....much more jokes and fun. Also it keeps me occupied.....so I don't start to do stupid things at home....like say drink up half a bottle of wine while on MSN like I did a while back....yeah that's about the extent of "Joe's No Life" goes: Being a poser of an alcoholic =P. After band had to make an appointment to get my uniform for Senior Band.....and then I headed to my first class of history this week.  WHOO! Didn't miss jack....who cares if I did anyways....WWII is a joke...kinda studied it back in grade 6 on my own time, plus Paul and Patrick's MOHAA addiction helped too. Hearing about it everyday between gr. 7-8 and also watching Band of Brothers helps you learn much about WWII. Apparently last 3 days they've been watching Schindler's List....a war movie made by Spielberg. Pretty good movie seeing the fact I only saw about 70 minutes of it so far....and the movies almost 3 hours. But it's not bad....I actually liked the part I watched....er saw. And we still aren't done.....more still for next Tuesday...though I'll miss it because of Badminton Conference....=). Hmm....downside of normal average day 1: double period in same room w/ same teacher. Ugh. Civics class is a drag....  Civics today: caught up on stuff I missed....which was about voting....and today we learned about elections. Pretty straightforward.....and I still think Civics is a waste of time. But we do get to go on a field trip =). Social Justice Conference.....something I was maybe planning to go to I'm now forced to go to. Basically it's a conference where you get to attend lectures about issues of today. *Shrug* I guess can't be that bad. I heard actually from people who went last year it's pretty fun. Something to look forward to I guess hehe. Other than that......Yup......watched a REALLY lame video and took more notes. I'm running out of paper and plus I think I'm gonna get Carpal Tunnel Syndrome from all this note-taking =S.  Lunchtime: went to go try on band uniform then head out for lunch.....OH CRAP BADMINTON MEETING! So I quickly rush upstairs....but it was over. Turns out she just needed to know the conflicts that badminton conference will have. For me: virtually none =P. So getting that by, me Nate and Mike ended up going to Stobie's today; a place I haven't been to since last November.....don't remember why...thought it was expensive back then. But seeing my spending habits now...it's a bargain for the quality food I get there. Their pizza's back up in tip top shape compared to before. Might go there more often now =P. Oh yeah Starbucks opened too today according to Natalie....wanna go there and give it a try. Mmmm......Frapuchinos ^_^.  Math: I did math. Nothing out of the ordinary. Trigonometry is a joke =P.  And Programming: I'm definitely not taking it next year.....as it is such a lame course. Comps suck...I hate Turing....and our class is sometimes so friggin' retarded you can't get any work done anyways. I'm not trying  to sound like a geek....but I can't even surf the internet at times with so much crap going on in the class. IT'S DIFFICULT TO SURF BLOGS WITH THE CRAP THAT GOES ON, but it is a funny class though. Kinda good that it's sometimes a last class waker-upper for me with all the stuff that goes on...most of it being funny. Apparently when I thought I woke up early this morning....Mitch literally killed me at that event. He woke up at 430am for rowing. That's one reason why I like badminton: such a lazy sport =).  HOME TIME! Except today went to UCC for badminton. So decided to take long way there instead of waiting for Dundas bus *patience right there* and took Cherryhill w/ Dan and Elaina, then transfered onto Wonderland. Got to UCC around.....330ish?  Badminton today was decent I guess. Didn't really see anyone I knew....so played a few pickup games with some random people. First game I did horrible.....and wasn't into the flow of things....but by 2nd and 3rd game I managed to get my serve up and actually tied from 14-8. In the end though we lost.....I hate tiebreaking games. Heh saw Steve Zhao from the team come today too. Managed to play a singles game with him. Although I lost, but I made some would-have-been decent doubles shots. Final score: 15-12 or something like that. We whooped some UWO ass though when we played doubles. Killed other team 15-5 or something like that. Yeah doubles is definitely my kind of game: run less.....more action hahaha. Unlike singles....ugh all the running.....defeats the purpose of badminton being my "lazy" sport. In the end though chatted w/ Marcello who came for ball, and saw Dan and Adam there also. Well I headed out early though, leaving around 6pm....got a lift from mom back home then....and proceeded with the rest of my day =).  Got home....quickly downed some food....and then.....WATCH KILL BILL VOL. 1!  Now I won't ruin much about the movie....but some parts are hilarious even though it is an action movie. Also....anime part in the movie is crazy. If GOOD anime is like that, yeah I gotta pick up a few anime DVD's. Also just the beginning starting like an old Chinese Kung-Fu flick....really funny but cool. Quentin Tarantino I can see now why he is such a famous director. His movie was ingenious.....with bits and pieces of everything....plus a KILLER soundtrack. Anyone know where I can get my hands on a copy of it? If it's even on sale. MUST....GET.....SOUNDTRACK. Was so good....some of the songs werer crazy.  The whole movie actually.....was crazy. Best movie I've seen this year I think...now I wanna see Pulp Fiction and Reservoir Dogs lol.  For now though....I'm out for this blog entry. Still talkin' on MSN, wasting my time, and I gotta eat dinner still. Wow it's 11:30 already. Blast Habs lost to Tampa 4-0....but I heard from Jason Yao and the Rockets are killin' Lakers right now. Hehe at least something's going right today in the sports world =).  Later dudes and dudettes =).