4/22/04   Kiwanis: Why is it so weird this year?   Out of all the years of my life competing in this music festival held every spring in London....this year has got to be the worst/weirdest one ever. First off....on Wednesday when some girl should have got disqualified for not following song regulations.....she got 2nd....pushing me back to 3rd.....and today.......9 OUT OF 9 POSSIBLE AWARDS FOR SCHOOLS WERE ALL SILVERS! I mean.....honestly I wouldn't care if someone got bronze. In fact....no one did, nor merit, nor gold. All "shiny" silvers. As quoted from Shaunvir:  "Why are they so communist this year?! Everyone's equal. I mean WTH!?"  Unfortunately I have to agree with him on this. This year's Kiwanis wasn't that great. No winners. No losers. Just a bunch of average Joes getting silver. Whoo. So after we also heard Banting got the trophy for a song we played in grade 9 *yes they played a piece that we memorized and got gold on last year....last year being when I was 14* and somehow they beat us out. Hmm........GAY! They played a EASY piece, a piece that we learned last year and managed to beat us out. Yeah pretty b/s I know.....but enough ranting about how crappy our Kiwanis went....onto the happier parts of my day....like missing out half of english class.....or struggling on a bio test=P.  So my day today started @ 7:30....jumping out of bed, eating breakfast, rushing upstairs, doing morning routine and then grabbing my stuff and heading out the door. Yup....like usual I gave Patrick a lift to school and we just got there on time =P. Hmm for once I actually had to use my locker for Kiwanis stuff, badminton stuff, and a whole potpurri of other junk. First time in my whole high school life where my locker actually looked full. Wow. What an amazing feat huh =P. So first up on the list today: Music class.  Yup....final runthrough before we enter the Kiwanis....shining with our many instruments (over 40 flutes, something like 40 clarinets, heckload of brass and some saxophones, plus the percussio n' stuff) so we merged the two music homeroom classes together and had a full run-through rehearsal. We sounded pretty good I thought.....though there were some rushing issues with trumpets. Nothing new. Mr. Clark then gave us a pep talk for Kiwanis......you know about how we are a good band, and how we are still a good band even if we don't win anything. Meh....we actually do sound good.....and even Lina thought we whooped ass. Plus Oakridge and Westminister REALLY sucked beyond the boundary lines. It's like if it was a hockey game.....and the team sucks so bad that they would lose more often with the goalie in the net than if they didn't even have a goalie. But somehow they managed a Silver still.....which was ridiculous. EVERYONE thought they shoulda got something like a Merit....or whatever's below it *coupons to Wal-Mart?* Oh yeah....also a gr. 11 student came in to play for us....run through before real thing hehe=P.  After music class.......well headed to usual science. We have to make food chains for next day that somehow relate to us (we eat beef, beef comes from cows, cows eat grass). Yeah boring huh? Yes very.  For lunch......Jasper's today and did some quick studying for my Bio test...which I thought would be a quiz. Turns out it's one HUGE test. Well had a chicken quesadilla today from that place......WOW WAS IT GOOD. KILLS ANY OF WILLIAM'S FOOD. Mmmmm...........chicken. So quickly studied for bio while munching on my quesadilla and also had my daily cup of java.....mmm........java. I'd have to cups today so yeah I'm still a bit wired =P.  Bio class: Joe failed/chinese failed/probably usual failed the test I think. I forgot what a spleen was. OUch. Yup.....it was pretty bad. Walked in thinking it's a 20 minute test and lo and behold......WOW A 75 MINUTE FULL TEST. *Uh oh says Joe to himself.* Well I still did it obviously......but checked it over I think 10 times....hopefully it does something. Prayers have helped me much in this course....and I hope it comes through again. Won't complain if it doesn't though......since I barely studied. Thought that reading random blogs was more important the night before =P.  So after that.....ENGLISH CLASS. Read some new book I got on my own....called "Rain Fall." It's pretty cool so far. A guy kills another guy with a pacemacker jammer making it look like the guy's pacemacker failed. I thought it was pretty interesting. So yeah I finally found a book worth wasting my time on =P. I guess reading isn't that bad after all. Thing with me: if I find a book I like.....I'll sit in front of it for 3 hours straight reading it whole. If I don't like it.......I'll read 40 pages in 4 months. If it's an average book........same result. I only read books I REALLY enjoy. Everything else basically goes in a pile for burning =P. Oh yeah English exam postponed because of Badminton and other various activities =P. Shweet....now the exam's on the week that WOSAA's on. I hope that I make it to WOSAA so I can avoid the May 4th one *waste of time....that's why.* COME ON GUYS DOUBLES! LET'S WHOOP SOME ASS =P.  So since class was cut short.....we headed out for Kiwanis then. Funny thing happened though today while packing for Kiwanis...  I was heading into the music room for my trombone.....when someone told me a Helen Neil was looking for me or something. Apparently she wants me to help her with her piano. ME?! Hmm.....yeah like I said I was surprised too. Kinda cool though that someone's actually heard of my piano playing. Interesting too I guess....how it's in my school. I think Mrs. Mitsis told her to find me....it's about a piece that I'm good at. Meh w/e.....never found her since I had to leave for Kiwanis. So yeah....talked to Arjun on the way there. He had Kiwanis again today. Apparently this time he got 2nd....which is an improvement from well....nothing =P lol. Yesterday he kinda forgot half his piece....and today he bounced bac for a silver. Great recovery. And for some reason Fred and Christian were talking about......STAR TREK!? Uhh.....I thought that craze was over um.......20 years ago? lol. So talked to some other people on the bus.....and looked around the Kiwanis program for events that people I know are playing at. Didn't really see much except for some younger kids that go to my church. Two of them apparently have a duet, which I think is pretty cool.  So when we arrive at Saunders....kinda funny how first 3 people I see are Anton, Jonny and Tyler. They were waiting for parents, so chatted with them for a bit. First thing Anton brings up was that prank phone call they made about 2 months ago w/ an Arnold Schwarzenneger voice....and yeah it was pretty lame lol. Talked a bunch of other stuff too.....apparently he knows a few people in our band. Not surprising seeing there's almost 110 of us in band. He's gotta know SOMEONE. Especially also since 60% of Central students are in the music program. He's gotta know SOMEONE. Lol him and Tyler look almost the same though....except for the fact of course Anton's uglier *BURN!* And plus he's also a bit more retarded lol. Arnold prank calls? I have call display too. I remember Paul did that w/ Patrick I think back in grade 6, which is Anton's Maturity level now =P.  So like I said before: Kiwanis wasn't that great.....I mean 5-way tie out of 5 schools then a 4-way tie out of 4 schools. In the first class we played "Concorde Sketches," which I thought we did ok. But that wasn't the main thing I was amazed at.....I saw a gift from God today that was blessed upon the snare drummer for Lucas....  Well at first I didn't notice it.....but when Lucas went up to play their piece....something in the back caught my eye. The snare drummer....his arms weren't exactly well.....normal. Thing is.......he can play the snare better than the drummers in my school. John was astonished when he saw the talent that the dude had in him. It was pretty cool though.......his snare playing was so technical....it was GOOD. I was amazed to see that even with disabilities....it does prove true that God can still shower blessings on you. I witnessed that today. I also saw that in one of Lucas' trumpet players, who is a parapalegic, yet he plays the trumpet like any other trumpet player. It's actually really cool to see. That was one thing this Kiwanis that was shining on the positive side. I mean....I really I guess don't care AS much about winning now, and also just seeing that....I was astonished at the fact that Lucas had such talented individuals who may have disabilities, but those two literally own some of our musicians in my group. True blessing from Christ =).  Then after Lucas played, watched the other schools still. They mostly sucked. Banting did decent, but like I mentioned before played a song Central 9ers learn, and still manage a gold. Banting managed a silver. Oakridge sucked, and Strathroy wasn't that good either. We did decent, though we could have done better I think.  After that class.....DINNER! Went to buy pizza....and my 2nd cup of java for the day. Got a "roll up the rim to win" cup.....but lost. Grr.....stupid Timmy's not letting me win. You win probably once every......30 times I heard? Unless you're one of those really lucky people.....gah which I'm not. Oh yeah! GREAT FEAT TODAY PERFORMED BY JOE!  YES I NOW OFFICIALLY OWN KILL BILL VOLUME 1!  MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA! Now I can watch that.....and then watch Vol. 2, AND STILL HAVE VOL. 1! NO WAY! Yes way =P. After accomplishing that task, I then headed back to school with Pourier talking about how we shoulda got a gold....or someone should have if not us *so bland when everyone gets silver* and headed back to Saunders.  For our 2nd class.....everyone played "When Summer Takes Flight." Really retarded song in my opinion....BUT EVERYONE STILL GOT SILVERS! WESTMINISTER LIKE I SAID SUCKED....AND THEY MANAGED TO STILL GET A SILVER! BAH! Banting and Central should have got Golds....but NOOOOOO..........it seems as though Communism has swept the Kiwanis Nation into a equality world.......so therefore EVERYONE got silver. By the time that was over......  Central had to stay for one last class. The march class. We played the Gambolier song....and it sounded good, but apparently you don't win anything in that one. So all that effort...plus constructive criticism for nothing. So then a frustrated group of ninety some odd Centrallers packed their gear....then headed home.  So yup....here I am blogging about my day....complaining about the corruption of Kiwanis, and the fact that I flunked a bio test. All in all......not that bad of a day. On the bright side got to miss some school, see some friends at Kiwanis and play t-bone. Also I got to find a book I'm actually interested in =P.  Now I go watch some Avalanche game....and then head to sleep. Got Senior band tomorrow. We play on Tuesday....hmm somehow gotta make it after conference lol.  Later.