4/21/04   Personal Kiwanis Achievements: 2nd and 3rd =)   Hmm.....well turns out after entering two events during this year's Kiwanis....I came out from both with an award. Though there were no first places, I don't really mind. I've been there, done that, so I'm not complaining *last year I got first on sometin.* So this year I'm pretty happy with my results, seeing that I barely practiced 30 minutes a day....SHWEET!=). My day's been pretty short, as my usual 6am wake-up call was shut off by me as I really don't wanna go to band when I got Kiwanis. I'd be dead tired by the time performance came. Also coming home and taking a nice one hour nap.....yeah my Wednesday has been lazy, short, and sweet =).  Well like I mentioned already....the thought of going to band and attending history class completely blanked out of my mind. Even though my Kiwanis event wasn't until 10am.....WHO CARES?! I like to sleep....and have enough energy to actually hit the keys on the piano so no wakey wakey until 9am today. MUAHAHAHAHAHA! I was planning to practice a bit before performance time came...but sleep took over.....and I then just woke up, ate somethin' quickly, did usual routine and played my piece only twice. Then headed out the door for my Kiwanis event.  Yup......and back to the same church I was at last day for Kiwanis. Up against some familiar faces, one being Arjun and the other being some girl.....Keila I think was her name. And this time my "YES NO ASIANS OTHER THAN ME" luck took a turn when 3 Asians strutted in with their piano books and their piercing piano looks. "Oh no I'm screwed" our protagonist Joe thinks to himself. Will he be able to pull a 2nd or 3rd or 1st? Find out.....when you scroll down to the next paragraph!  Dun Dun Dun.........  Location: DaySpring Presbyterian Church: London, Ontario Time:10:15am (a bit over since the class started late) Kiwanis Class #: 3104 Joe is: Competitor #1 Song he plays: Some old Sonatina by Friedrich Kuhlau How does he do: He places 3rd out of.....9?  ......something like that at least. So yeah I didn't do too bad. I was first again....in order of playing...and for some reason......I was REALLY nervous. My hands were shaking as though 3 cups of coffee was going through my system, and my leg was having very weird muscle spasms. So after the competition officially went underway.....I walked up to the piano. I then announced my piece. And then the playing of the wooden box with 88 keys (52 white keys and 36 black keys, which then equals 88) put into it with lots of wiring and felt hammers. Ugh did horrible.....blips here and there....and lots of crappy mistakes. I was actually very surprised that I managed to still clinch 3rd. I beat out two of the 3 other Asians, with the other one clinching 2nd. So all in all I wasn't really complaining. Arjun woulda done really well I thought....except he kinda forgot a bit of his piece. Don't blame him though......apparently was his first time in Kiwanis. He didn't do that bad of a job either. Sounded really good. The first place person though did really good. Me and Arjun think the 2nd place shmuckette shoulda been disqualified though, since she played a piece that wasn't even supposed to be allowed in the program. Phht..........what a fluke. If she was disqualified I WOULDA GOT 2ND! TWO 2ND PLACES IS GOOD! BUT NOOOOO.........STUPID ADJUDICATOR DIDN'T KNOW HOW TO DISQUALIFY! GRRRRRR! AND SOME OTHER PERSON WOULD HAVE HAD THE PRIVILEDGE OF GETTING 3RD!...BOOOOO! Oh well.....it's over and done with now. I got 3rd....I'm not really complaining *cough GAYNESS x7* and I'm still smiling *grr.....woulda got 2nd=@!*  So afterwards....wow it's already 12pm. I'm late for math. Oh well....I'll still head to McDonalds for a lunch and then head to school. NOTHING gets in the way between me and lunch....except if I don't feel like it =P. So headed to lunch, ordered, and then drove to school while munching on my McChicken and Fries. Oh yeah and of course a cup of coffee. Mmm....coffee ^_^.  And I regret going to school.......math class consisted of approx. 10 people. Half the class was at Kiwanis, and the other half at Fiddler on the Roof. So chatted with John, Travis, and Nick for most of the class, since I got all my homework done over the period. Trig actually isn't as hassling as I thought it'd be. Calculators make life very easy =). Kinda funny how people used to have tomes and volumes of books telling them every TAN, COS, and SIN calculation for every angle. Hahahahahaha and to think all I have to do is press 3 buttons now =P.  Programming: won't elaborate much. Boring.....Mr. Dayus is gonna probably kill us one of these days, and it was boring like usual.  Badminton today: Hmm........I don't seem to understand why I seemed to like mixed doubles in grade 9. OMG IT'S SO BORING! I had to play a practice match today w/ John and two girls because Ms. Bates made us....and it's SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO TIME WASTING. Slow moving, and everything. I don't see how Josh seems to like playing mixed....but guys doubles is much more fun and action-packed. People actually HIT the bird. Maybe it's just because our mixed doubles is all the rejected people.......so me and John are back on the doubles team. Thank goodness lol. I couldn't survive playing mixed. Such a lame game. Hmm......crap it's raining outside. Rugby, Track and Soccer came in soaked.....so this can't be a good sign for me lol. Dave got a new raquet, hmm.....and we did some drills. My dropshot's getting crappier *shudder* but my smashing has improved altely =).  Hmm.....bused home w/ John....then walked in the pouring rain back home. Quickly ran upstairs and took a 1 and a half hour nap. I used to wonder why people nap....I realize why now. With a life like a high schooler...I'm not surprised. Everyday, about 6-7 hours of sleep, and so much happens in high school at times. Yeah I can see why now people like naps. I'm becoming a napper myself now =P. And so much can happen in your sleep too. Dreams are still something that I'm always fascinated with.  *1.5 hours later*  Quickly did theory.......and then headed to theory class, where I did more theory. I'm done 5 PAPERS ALMOST NOW! WHOA! And so far my average is 79.5. Not bad considering I'm barely getting some of the things. Oh well....s'all good I'll cram the night before =P..  Yeah anyways I'm out for the night. These last few days have been pretty fun though, with Kiwanis and everything. Sleepin' now though hehe. And in the quotes of Ada:  "I bid the farewell."  Hey it is pretty catchy=P.