4/20/04   1/3 of my teams made it in.....GRRR!   Well after watching the Sens being humiliated in their final game 7, and the 3rd or 4th year losing to the leafs, yeah I'm grateful at least my favourite team.....the Avalanche made it in. If it weren't for them.....hmm I'd be stuck watching the Flames, Leafs, and Flyers. Eew. And then I'd end up cheering for.....the Sharks? Or even....THE HABS?! Oi.....yeah playoffs took a much different turn from last year. All the usual teams made it in, and the usual teams got past round 1, unlike last year which seemed to be the Underdog's heyday. Well.....now back to followin' the Avs after their long break from defeatin' the Stars. First game:  Thursday, April 22nd, Colorado @ San Jose @ 10pm.  Can't wait 'till then....last time they played the Sharks they beat 'em....and I intend the same to happen this year ^_^. Pretty good series though I'll bet.....Sharks have become quite the team over last 4-5 years. Hmm....Toronto plays Philly,  Montreal Vs. Tampa and Calgary will be taking.....Detroit. Good series matchups....though half the teams I wanted in never got in. Well Ottawa I wanted to win just to piss off the many Leafs fans in my area, but Canucks and Devils not making it in I really didn't think was cool. So yup....most of my evening has been spent napping, and watching the Leafs and Sens game that ended with the Leafs humiliating the Senators 4-1. Whoo. Grr. Other than that...hmm well now I'm just waiting for the Colorado and Sharks to face-off on Thursday Night. GO AVS!  Hmm other than that my day's been really tiring....and boring for school. I got up at 630 this morning for Senior Band and got ther at usual time. Ran over couple of the songs.....and Mrs. Wharton commended Stage Band X in Senior Band. We got Silver yesterday, and of course the Senior Jazz Band whooped ass. Can't wait to join that next year =P. After running through Senior Band, Wind Ensemble *senior one* stayed back for a quick run through. I also stayed back to work on much needed to be worked on theory. yup......MUCH NEEDED WORK.  Anywho after that: music class. Today we ran through all our Kiwanis pieces, and also some other drill stuff. Meh....usual stuff. Arjun and I are both going to be playing against each other tomorrow at Kiwanis. Hopefully I win. I doubt it though...he's pretty good at piano.....and I don't have my Sonatina that well conquered. Well hope for the best...the best being not Joe Failing. Chinese failing is still lingering on the horizon.  After music class.....which proved that Saxophones may need some practice on their instruments came the trudge up the stairs to Science Class.....where I fell asleep for half of it. Nothing too out of the ordinary. Me sleeping, Mr. Curphey lecturing, taking down worthless notes I will probably never use since I find Ecology a waste of time. WHOA LOOK THE FISH EATS THE PLANT, THEN GETS EATEN BY A BIGGER FISH, WHO GETS EATEN BY A SHARK, WHICH GETS EATEN BY MAN, WHICH GETS EATEN BY A CAMEL! O M G! FOODCHAIN REACTION! THE WORLD'S FALLING APART! AAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!! *wump.*  Lunch: Went to Subway...........overpriced to the max. spent $8.25 on some stupid sub and a can of Pepsi. Why didn't I go with Heather and Nate to McD's I don't know....IT WAS BIG MAC DAY TOO *shakes fist.* AND HEATHER EVEN GOT THIS REALLY WEIRD TOY.....THAT DID SOME REALLY WEIRD THING. AND ALL I GOT WAS A SANDWICH AND A ALUMINUM CAN OF CARBONATED SUGAR WATER. BLAST!  Bio class: worked on our  Digestive system theme park. Yeah......that is classified. For now.  And English. We have been informed we have another exam. HUH!??@?@??!?!?!? Yes sadly the english department makes two exams a year, which is a total waste of time as english is an ART....not a uh.....whatever the opposite of art is. Rhythmic dictation course? Hmm......oh yeah and today Robert showed the full might of his stupidity:  Katherine: Hey Robert.....did you know gullable isn't in the dictionary? Robert: Huh? Uhh........sure? Katherine: Do you know what I'm saying? Robert: I think so......Gullable's not in the dictionary? Katherine: Yes.....do you know that? Robert: Yes....NO WAIT what's gullable mean?  *Robert then realizes how stupid he is.* So after that......we got into groups and did these question things about Fried Green Tomatoes. Boring book......and very weird. Now apparently one's a bisexual while the other is a lesbian who loves to play poker and bring elephants into town. Interesting.  No badminton.....so went home. Talked to Adam on the bus, got things organized for Bio project...and then home.  Sc, Drumming......then Game 7.......which I now really think wasn't worth an hour of me watching. Meh oh well.....at least Thursday the Avs are back in the game. Finally I can watch a good team play. Ergh....but why did the Canucks lose. They even sent the game into OT and managed to lose......BAH.  Anyways.....goin' to sleep soon. Didn't do any work whatsoever tonight....and I'm going to Kiwanis tomorrow. No hockey games tomorrow...but instead badminton and piano theory. Oh boy Mrs. Mitsis is going to kill me when she finds out I'm barely done half the papers.  Anyways.....yeah I'm probably going to be cramming for most of tomorrow for this stuff, plus a biology test on the digestive system.  So I'm out for the night. Later.