4/19/04   YAY! FIRST DAY OF KIWANIS!2ND PLACE!   Every year around this time......I'm always grateful I play the piano lol. Though it can be hard work at times, get in the way of things, and seem like it's a horrid instrument.....but I really don't mind it. In fact, its led me to playing the drums and trombone also....and soon the guitar I'm hoping =). Yeah I guess I'm a pretty curious person with things.....and after I learn one thing I wanna jump on for the next. Music seems to come pretty easy especially though. So not much school today...mostly consisted of playing piano, trombone, and then going home for naps =). So yeah.......pretty easy day for me......ergh Thursday's gonna be hell though intermediate band from 3-9 lol. Hope we win something.  So today instead of school I awoke at 8:15 to get ready for Kiwanis this morning. Walked downstairs to the aroma of French Toast *mmmmm* and quickly downed it, since it was good lol. So then quickly ran through my songs, said a quick word of prayer and then headed out the door to DaySpring where I was to play my Kiwanis piece.  So got there around 8:50 or so then......and one of my wishes came true...  YES I'M THE ONLY ASIAN THERE! NO FOBS OR OTHER ORIENTAL MUSIC FREAKS THAT PRACTICE 7-10 HOURS A DAY TO COMPETE WITH MY MINISCULE ASIANALITY MUSICA SKILLS! Not saying white people suck or anything.....but honestly I really don't like playing against those music-geeky Asians that seem to think Mozart is still Metallica and Beethoven is 50 Cent. They're all dead, and their corpses are probably gone....GET IN THE TIMES YOU OUTDATED SHMUCKS! Well there were 7 of us including me today playing against one another, and lucky me...I'm first on the list. So....you know did the usual announcing my piece, then started playing.....YES I REMEMBER HOW TO PLAY IT and surprisingly after the results came in......I GOT SECOND, ONLY TO BE DEFEATED BY SOME PREPPY WHITE GUY THAT CAME IN FIRST! NOT BAD AT ALL.......DIDN'T CHINESE FAIL....well by my standards at least......ok I didn't Joe Fail......I probably Chinese Failed....seeing I got 2nd.  So after my class at Kiwanis, where I reign semi-victorious......well victorious over 5/7 people I stop by Subway to buy my lunch then head home to pack my things for school......still having a seem-to-be dimpled smile on my face from winning 2nd. So I head home then, and quickly eat. Hmm no one on MSN at 11:30 *wonder why...OH YEAH SCHOOL....hehe forgot=P*  So now heading to school....yay math class. Why couldn't I have more Kiwanis classes? Grr.....so boring. I hate trigonometry. It's lame....VERY lame. So sat trhough 70 minutes *seemed like ages* and then headed out for programming.  Programming.....a clock fell on Cam, Icy got the blame, in the end no one got the blame. So we then worked on Turing, I for one got pretty bored and started surfing the net. Was pretty much done anyways. So after that long grueling class......of constant tacking of compy keys and *woam woam* of monitors.....SCHOOL'S OVER........well the government-required part. Final run through for Stage Band X as tonight we perform.  So after practice.....bused home in REALLY heavy winds. Finally got home.....and WUMP! YAY NAPPY TIME! I have no idea why, but today I've been pretty dead tired, despite sleeping in and everything. Pretty weird.....but point is.....from 4:30-6 I napped. Didn't intend to sleep so much, so quickly jumped out of bed then ate a quick light dinner then headed out the door to Saunders for Stage Band X's premier performance for 2003-2004.  WHY MUST WE BE #1?! Ergh first competitor in both events today lol. Originally we were 2nd or third but we had to bump ourselves up as someone had to leave early. Wasn't too bad though....we got to have a quick run through of piece being up there. While we were in Saunders room though warming up...lol Fred drew a pretty funny statement:  y=ex  BUT:  y1=ex IS THE SAME THING! ISN'T THAT WHACK!?  HA take that Saunders kids. Plus........apparently THERE IS SOMETHING LOWER THAN APPLIED MATH! It leads to really retarded math through the future....but I was surprised there was something lower than applied lol. Band went through a quick runthrough....then GAME TIME! Er performance time.  *1 hour and 30 minutes later*  Listened to other groups play.....one group someone looked like Mike......another group was a hick group of pure guys and no girls basically *except two* and then the group w/ a choir.....which got Bronze. Pretty unique though. We got tied for Silver with other two groups. Not bad......though we didn't win trophy =(. Oh well.....least we beat someone, we were entered in a senior group so I'm happy w/ our results lol.  Now I'm back home. So today wasn't very long...as half of it was cut short from sleep and Kiwanis. Pretty fun though......after finally getting back into Kiwanis after a year......brings back many memories. And reminds me how easy it can be to play your music in front of people which I think is a pretty cool gift. I rarely get nervous, and I always wing things lol. S'all good though......and it came through in the end with a healthy 88 and second place plus a Silver award that is shared evenly among all the Stage Band X members. Good Job dudes and dudettes!  Anyways I'm out for the night. Still got Senior Band tomorrow hehe.  Cya.