4/18/04   Happy Birhtday Icy! And of course the rest of my day =P   "HAPPY BIRTHDAY ICY!"  Now that I've gone on with that, it's time to go on about.....well.....the rest of my day =P. Well today was like usual Sunday I guess.....except for the fact that Lina started comin' to church now....plus today we took the van. WHOA OUT OF NORMALITY THERE OH NO! *gasp.*  Today originally started off looking gloomy. Up until now I still don't get what's with me and thinkin' rainy days are gloomy....well it's not just me it's with many people. So I woke up pretty slowly, got downstairs had a quick breakfast and then got ready for church.....slowly. Gloomy days bring slow production. So left around 845.....then drove down to Lina's then Jason's....and then to church.  Btw........LEAFS JUST LOST AND SENS TOOK SERIES TO GAME 7! EXCITEMENT! Now I don't really care for either team, just that I'd rather see Sens in the playoffs this year going further than the Leafs.....deep inside.....GO COLORADO! WHOOOOO!  Yeah game just ended and I'm typin this blog at 10:45 so *shrug.* Thought I'd add that in...but back to my day.  Got to church around 9:10......just on time hehe. Jason and I did ushering for today. Hmm.....2nd last day for the few who are graduating. So we did usual ushering, and then headed in for Praise and Worship section of the service.  Today Pastor Mackness was speaking a lot about contentment, and how Christ gives us the strength to do everything, as it  says in Phillipians 4:13:  "I can do everything through him who gives me strength. "  Service was somewhat a slow moving one.....yet a blur at the same time. It's hard to describe.....but it was pretty cool lol. I felt as though it was speeding by....but then when I looked at the clock...."Why....it's only 10:10." It was cool though.......liked the message today. Good reminder that no human or Satanic force can stop you, when you have Jesus Christ backing you up =). It was also cool to see that by the time sermon was over.....the storm was over.....and the sun seemed to shine outside then. Wow. Cool hehe.  So after service, we headed downstairs and just chilled for a bit. Some signed the journals that Connie and Mike are going to be getting, and the others would do that later. So we all just chiilled downstairs for a bit. Lots of talk about the Rockets vs. Lakers game last night and the Flames Vs. Canucks triple overtime. Wow......Canucks won too ^_^. Apparently me, Lina and Jason weren't the only people who stayed up lol. Lots of us did. Yeah lots of talk about that, and of course our usual fooling around "DBZ HAND CLAPPING!" right Gavin? lol. Plus some other things.  Hmm......well normally we give parting gifts to people when they leave *which we did,* but in return Ali being the cool counselor she is gave us all personalized bookmarks. Really cool thing to do I thought. For me....she wrote from James 1:19-20, which reads:  "My dear brothers, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry, for man's anger does not bring about the righteous life that God desires."  When I read that on the back of my bookmark today.....I immediately reflected to yesterday's praise night practice. I mean......up until now when I think about it we were all being complete jackasses  to one another, and that isn't cool in our eyes.......nor God's. I was happy though that we could all just sit down yesterday and pray. I mean two things I really love about being a Christian is evangelizing and the power of prayer. NOTHING can defeat the word of prayer in my mind. It was cool though how Ali picked a verse for each of us. I really liked mine..as at times I may get pissed off quickly......especially when things aren't going my way.  Oh yeah today another new kid came to church to. His name was Derek, and apparently goes to Saunders. Another SC player lol. Well didn't really get to talk a whole lot to him, but hope he comes around more often.....anyone's welcome in the house of God =P. Well he seemed to think it was alright at least. Too bad he couldn't stay for graduation lunch today.  Which is where I'm leading to now. Graduation lunch seemed like a communion lunch, except the graduates got to say a word or two about their times at LCAC. Ali's really was touching......as I actually never knew she was the only UWO student at LCAC at one point. And to think that now....there's 30-40 of them. Wow determination really does come through. Even I'd be saying Praise the Lord for her to be staying here....never giving up on the English Ministry. If she had left........I don't know where us teens would be or even our church. And apparently there are even some gr. 12 grads this year, which I actually never knew about lol. So we listened, talked, and made fun of Chris a lot today lol. After the lunch.....we cleaned up church a bit while waiting for mom......and then headed home. While cleaning though.......yeah we had good times. Me and Gavin had lightsaber wars *mature huh* w/ wooden sticks and recorded Gavin karate kicking a already broken cinderblock lol. Oh yeah........and Dan seems to really hate styrofoam. MUAHAHAHAHAHA something I can piss off the twins w/ when they piss me off =). The squeaking of styrofoam.  @ Home......what'd I do? Not much. Drummed mostly lol. No SC or anything...didn't do h/w...... procrastinated piano.....YUP usual afternooon. Was thinkin' bout playing ball but was gonna go play badminton w/ Lina around 5pm anyways so just stuck around at home. Yup.........sat on MSN for a bit though. Ergh Missin Game 6 of Sens and Leafs for Badminton. Oh well.....that's what Sportscentre is for lol =P.  So from 5-9.........played baddy at UCC w/ Lina. Hehe talked to JT there too....studyin' for exams *sucker* and also met a dude from Gym Night. Sam, who was in my group for some of the games. Hehe was pretty cool, and I'm slowly building up my badminton friendship hierachy. I'm actually getting BETTER and stuff.....so yeah I can actually sometimes compete against some university students lol. My smash receiving is pretty much the best @ church at the moment, plus out of the people I know. So played a few games.....and saw another dude from Central team there Steve Zhao. He plays mixed I think....was gonna go for singles but Hermannator, Brandon and Hoffman wasted him. So he's playin' either mixed or guys doubles now. Well so basically baddy from 5-9......chatted a bit too.....Yang also came for a bit too but left early to study for bio. Hmm.....so after 9 yeah me and Lina left for home. I needed to do math h/w n' stuff......so gotta get home hehe.  So yeah at home now....took Lina back to her place and now I'm back home, watched the Leafs lose, did some math, and blogging. Plus talkin' to Jenn, Lina, Dan, Carmen and some other people on MSN. Hmm...sleepin' in tomorrow.....good old Kiwanis Festival: Joe's best friend to avoid History and Civics tomorrow =).  Well I'm out for the night....Lina needs to copy my blog for hers plus I'm done for the day hehe. Later.