4/17/04   Praise Night: A learning experience never to be forgotten   The detail of my blogging for yesterday:   -Band -School -Home -Josh and Gavin came over and we settled everything in for tomorrow   and to today's blog.   Not your average Saturday...er not my average Saturday hehe. Wasn't a bad thing....in fact it was good experience to learn how to do a praise night and how to improve it. Next year though I'm really hoping more people will show up.....as it is a noutreach night also for non-Christians. Overall though it was alright I guess......learned a few new things and also figured out that planning means more than two days. But me being the optimistic one....EVERYTHING WAS JUST FINE.=P.  So my day started around 1030 this morning......got up, ate, then quickly headed out to church for rehearsal for Praise Night. Wasn't best rehearsal in the world.......for many reasons. One being.......WHY CAN'T OUR CHURCH HAVE DSL INTERNET?! So when I found out that my compy presentation was a Openoffice file......and our church takes four hours to download it.....I had to call dad, and send myself home, save it as a powerpoint *shudder* and then drive back to church, which killed an hour. Another bad thing was Carmen took 2 hours to get there. Well at least we got rehearsing done....and actually we even got to jam around for a bit =P. Had some fun times there......inside jokes n' stuff, pretty funny and good times. Tried choking Gavin w/ Josh's broken bass string *ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT 1 FAILED*  then Gavin tries to kill me with his guitar when we were jamming *the end of it was whacking my head.* Some random drum solos and bashing on guitar....bit of everythign I guess you can say =).  Amidst all this though..there were tensions built up. Not exactly best thing for 3 hours before praise night but it happened. I guess I sort of feel the same sometimes.....but it's for the church that we are doing this, and I sorta sometimes feel taht we shouldn't be bashing on other people when you volunteered to do this. I mean if they don't do their part, God will deal with it, not you. I mean I was somewhat frusturated running on overdrive at 2am last night trying to make everything right, and then in the afternoon today running home again to reformat it.....but that was my fault *though I wish our church would get high speed* and I was the one that volunteered for the responsibility. Josh was somewhat frusturated feeling like the only leader, and Carmen didn't seem to be havin' that cool of  day. Becca seemed to be neutral throughout the day and yeah Gavin was pretty frustruated as Josh was bein' a bit hard on him with some cheap shots of remarks and sarcasm. I'm happy though that when Kendrick came, we all just got to sit down and talk about it. Really felt good emptying all those canned in emotions. So we quickly said a word of prayer....then went upstairs to start praise night..the first official one done by only HYPE kids.  *Playing music, doing stuff related to praise night, I'm drumming =P*  And it's done after.......40 minutes? *uh oh off planned time by 2 hours 20 minutes.* Yes I now realize what Kendrick meant by sending out a schedule. Ow. lol. So what are we gonna do for 2 hours and 20 minutes. Well in the end the Praise team had quick meeting about what we could do to improve for next time. Lots of things said........and yeah this will help plan future things like say.......COFFEEHOUSE 2005! Which reminds me tomorrow I gotta print off a sheet of the minutes today or tomorrow. And after that......well.....some of the kids went home and the others went w/ JT, Brian, Kendrick and Felix *Brian's Friend* to Fast Eddie's for a quick meal of Grease platter and bubbly water with much sugar in it *aka burger n' fries and pop.*  I actually never been to Fast Eddie's before in my life....and I kinda regret it lol. It's actually pretty good place. Better than McDizzle's or BK at least. So many jokes made tonight though lol. Too many to explain. One being Gavin's "HEY MY CRAZY FRIES AREN'T CRAZY" and Kendrick replying "THEY LOOK QUITE SANE TO ME!" Fries with mental personalities........wow.....how do we come about with these things? Oh yeah and the documenting Lina's "Clarinet Practice." Yeah all this time she was out w/ us she was at a "Clarinet Practice" at a friend's. And she's on the other side of town with a bunch of weird dudes makin' up jokes about 'hoods *house ones not clothing* and distinguishing if a french fry is retarded. Oh yeah and Lina's name reminds me of my remark of how "HOT CHOCOLATE IS FOR WIMPS" lol. HYPE should have more of these "meetings" lol. Then we all left for home. Brian took me Lina and JT back along w/ Felix and Ken took Calvin, Twin #1, Gavin and Jason. So yeah that is where it leaves me at.......  HOME! So today had it's ups and downs. Learn something everyday though hehe. Satisfies my need for asking the question of "how does this thing work?" *KABOOM!* Well in the midst of the explosion you get something out of it.....in that very watered-down example from an explosion you learn not to tinker with a can of metal that looks like a bomb that says "NUCLEAR BOMB" beside it. Well today.....we may have not had an AMAZING praise night...but hey we now know how to make one more fun and.......better running? Like instead of singing through 16 songs in 40 minutes.....TAKE A BREAK. There's an idea for next time lol. Plus Meditation and Prayer....kinda forgot that. Oh well, nothing comes out perfect. I mean the first time you bake a chocolate cake will always be worse than your 10th, 15th, or 30th time. Experience is everything, and God will lead the way for us onto the path of success. It was cool though being able to lead the first Praise Night. Really hope rest of HYPE will be more involved next time though...  Anywho I'm out for the night. SO HAPPY AVS WON.......but kinda peeved that Nashville's out. Bummer, wanted them to get by the Wings. Well......now if I can I'll try to go watch Rockets-Lakers game. Later.