4/15/04   Bouncin' back from laziness...   Great bloggin' yesterday eh? =P. Been a bit busy lately so hehe couldn't blog as much as I usually do yesterday. Today though......I'm back to usual self....you know....somewhat sleep deprived....living off carrots and Tea......reading Fried Green Tomatoes for english class.....YUP back to usual days. Not as lazy as usual.  Well this morning.....after staying up till 1230 last night watching Sportscentre and Avalanche winning *and Sens winning also.....NHL playoffs pretty intense this year* I woke up around 7:30 and started doing my morning routine. Yay it's a day 1. That means no science or bio =), but instead the long, boring torture of double period w/ Ms. Manson *History then Civics....uuugh.* Well actually don't mind history...but Civics is really a waste of money and  time. OOOH LOOK AT ME I KNOW HOW THE CANADIAN GOVERNMENT WORKS! It's not like anybody even cares for Canadian elections...we've been gettin' less voters as years have gone by. Who cares? Didn't give Patrick a lift today since he said he didn't need one because he's leavin' later. Well in the end when I left....he left around same time. Pointless yes I know but meh....he started it. His dad explained later that he didn't eat until 745....HEY THAT'S MY USUAL EATING TIME =P.  Well headed to school then....and hopped out of the car....er minivan. Does that count as a car? Anyways quickly jammed useless junk into locker, and then headed to history. I'm almost late.....well I thought at least. Turns out I was just on time =P.  I'm not going to say much about history. We went to the computer lab and rotted there for 75 minutes, looking up stuff about the Holocaust. Yup.......that was basically it.  And after that boring class comes the icing topping for boredom.....CIVICS CLASS! We started off with our test on Canadian Politics and then went on from there. Why do my mornings suck so much? I don't know......but there has to be a reason. if PAS class is like this next year.....*ugh.* After that we took notes *how uncommon is that?* and did some survey telling us which party would be the most suitable for us to vote for. I'm a Liberal. Hmm always thought of myself as a PC dude *somewhat capitalist, figure that people shouldn't abuse welfare system, etc.* but after taking up our scores..I'm apparently Liberal. Hmm after doing that....took down MORE NOTES ON POLITICS. THE EVOLUTION OF OUR POLITICAL PARTIES. Yep.....every party.......EVERY political party started out either as a crazy dude expressin' his thoughts and people are appealed by it or out of the blue a group of people get peeved at an issue and then eventually somehow evolve into a party. WHY MUST CIVICS CLASS BE SO SUFFERING?  LUNCHTIME! Went to a place I haven't been to in........LOOOOONG TIME. William's=P. And I remember why. It's the same thing as Jasper's but more expensive. Jasper's has waaay more food too, plus they give discounts to Central Students^_^. But William's does have its good stuff.....flavoured cappuchinos, their breakfasts look better, etc. Mmmm.......breakfast platter. Ahhhhh........$6.35. MY MONEY! Lots of talk about last night's hockey, you know about the Leafs LOSING to the SENATORS and the Avalanche stealing a win from Dallas. Yes though I am an Avs fan I admit they did steal that win.......SOG was 41-23 or sometin and somehow Avalanche won lol *Avalanche was the 23.* Apparently lots of Central students still go to William's though....haven't been there in a while don't really remember hehe. Went back to school then and sat around in Gym for a bit. Played a wee bit of ball. Oh yeah then this happens:  Finlan tells me he's movin' to my area.  Whoo. Hoo. *Hint Hint SARCASM.* I don't exactly HATE HIM but he's a bit of a jackass. Jason and Alex and Hughes and probably Hammond gonna be bringin' out the champagne and booze when Gimpy moves out.  Math: Trigonometry. Not much more to say about that, except Jenn is suffering in Toronto w/ Quadratics while I'm FINALLY out of that pif of crappage and into easier stuff that I really don't like....TRIG! Learning about how to find sides of a triangle. I don't know why they have been emphasizing this since grade school. First comes Pythagorean Theorem, then some crap about Triangle theorems, and now THIS......TRIGONOMETRY! SHO STHUPAHD! And somewhat useless also...unless you're gonna be some engineer building stuff......er more of an architect.  Programming did absolutely nothing. Surfed net, struggled to figure out Turing like my usual self.  And finally hometime......YAY! No badminton practice today, except some of the team went to a quad meet at STA. Dangit I wanted to go....but NOOOOOO I've gone to one already. WHO CARES!? Wanted to go for mixed doubles but think Steve Zhao went instead. Finlan and Alex went for doubles....good luck dudes. STA I heard is a good team but hey Alex has got a pretty killer smash. Talked to Ryan on bus ride home. Apparently Ryan heard about Finlan moving around here too. Hahaha at least I'll be living more than 2 blocks away from him....Ryan's pretty much stuck on same street as him =P. Sucker.  Well....yeah that was pretty much my day....took a bit of a dip but s'all good......only once in a while stuff like this happens hehe. Well I'm out for the uh.....day? Sun's still up so yeah guess it'd be day hehe. Cya.