         The last day of school is basically the designated skip day. Teachers don't even bother to take attendance. You're basically suppose to go, but no one really does. The concept of actually going is hard for me to grasp, what is there to do? We've already turned our textbooks in, taken all our finals and cleaned out our lockers. Most people sleep in or go to the mall. But of course, in grand Anna-fashion, I had to think of something better.   Long story short, we headed for Silver Theme Park. It's this wanna-be Six Flags in Idaho, about an hour from home. The main attraction is this roller coaster that goes underground and takes your picture. Again, my maturity was overestimated. After several faux-decapitation poses, Robin and I got the bright idea of... flashing the camera. I must first explain that in order to leave the roller coaster, you have to exit through the gift shop where the pictures are on display. And apparently you're not supposed to make obscene gestures, which includes displaying your bra. Successful in our flashing-ability (which requires one to promptly pull your shirt down before anyone else sees) Robin and I beat cheeks out of the coaster. Mary and Leigh were pissed ("I can't believe you did that, Anna! Where are your morals! Oh my goodness... oh my goodness...") By lunchtime Robin and I realized that we had developed quite a following of dorky jerk-off boys. Good times. By eight when we were supposse to go home, I had developed a massive sugar high (I only ate lemon drops!) And hour in the confides of a car with  mio  is probably not a good idea, but nevertheless entertaining.   And my yearbook! What is it about yearbook signatures that makes me hate my classmate? I'm not even joking, people. I would go Timothy McVay on their asses if I had one more "stay sweet!". Examples:  -"You are so sweet! Never change! You are gonna be a famous actress! Call me and we'll do something!" LETA  -"It was fun being in your science class. You're a really nice person." MEGAN  -"Even tough you won't fuck me, you still rock. Give me your number." SCOTT  -"Fuck the police!" FEATHER  -"Hey what's up? You're such a sweetie! Wow, we've known each other a long time! We have 3 mores years! Call me this summer!" JENNY  -"You're hot." CHRIS   But my actually friends were so funny:  -"I don't think I could have spent 95% of my time with anyone else... I will always remember when we got kicked out of the women's locker for using the steam room  inappropriately ..." MARY  -"... years from now; me having three kids and you married to either Jimmy Fallon or John Mayer/being an actress with 3 Oscar nom. and two Oscars. I'll fly from Boston to LA to visit you for the fourth time that week..." MEG  -"I went from not being able to remember your name to now trying to remember the names of the children you will make with John Mayer! They are going to be the most beautiful kids ever!" ROBIN  -"You should be part of his [John Mayer's] performance... you can stand at the side of the stage and do an interpretive dance. Just think of Your Body is a Wonderland..." LARUREN   I'm a sophomore! Affectionately...Anna