         Let me begin by informing you of source of great (secret) excitement. We switched seats inmath and G-Dogg sits in front of me. He's only nice to me because he thinks my brother is cool, which isn't rare, but I make-believe that he really thinks I'm the cool sibling. That's a little sad, and I realize this, but when he pointed out the picture of a Mohawk from SLC Punk on my binder (for the um-teeth time), it made my day.   Feather informed me in math lab (the class I take because I suck miserably at my actual math class) today that she is taking me next Thursday, to drum circle. Drum circle is this "gathering" at the park where all the stoners go to get high. They also apparently beat on drums once they're there, hence the name. My brother goes on a fairly regular basis. Lately a lot of preppy freshman girls have been going... so I guess it was inevitable that I was invited. I am so scared that I'll be a hypocrite; telling my future children "do as I say, not as I do". And if I go to Drum Circle and do something regrettable, than I will have already let my future children down. But I'm a fucking conformist, and I don't want to be left out. Woe is me, what am I to do? Damn you blasted peer pressure!   After school Leigh and I headed walked downtown (our HS is like, 4 blocks away from the epicenter of my city) and FINALLY purchased my cross country "kicks". My man selling them clearly assumed I was an accomplished runner, because he kept asking me things about arch support and if I had ever had any trouble with shin splints. I took full advantage of the awkward situation by completely going along with what he was saying. Leigh, bless her heart, was trying so hard not laugh when I said things like "splendid" and "terrif" about the full accommodations of each of the twelve pairs of shoes I tried on. To make this entire situation more sit-comical, I had to test the shoes. Which means I had to run outside of the store, up and down and around designated garbage cans, to "really get a feel for" each pair. In the end, I went with the baby blue Pumas, because I like the way they look.   Leigh and I than make a trek over to the movie complex, where we settled in to check out the new Pixar flick Finding Nemo. People were making such a big hubbub about it that I was super excited. It wasn't bad. Worth six and a half bucks. The bad part was that the air conditioning had been kicked waaaaaaayy up and I spent the entire movie trying to protect agonist frostbite. But it was very, very, very cute. I especially love the gimp fin Nemo had. I identify, except my handicapability is my lemming-like follow-the-leader qualities.   I think I might love G Dogg..... Affectionately.... Anna