         I haven't updated my blog for a while, not for any specific reason. I'm a perfect procrastinator.   Yesterday marks the unofficial "step up" of all the classes. The seniors have said good bye. And how do 457 people bid adieu to their high school? Senior pranks of course! Yes, it's the grand ole tradition of trashing your ole la mauder. And on behalf of my fellow freshman and myself, I say thank you, class of 2003. You will be remembered. Thank you for leasing havoc via your SuperSoakers on us as we ate lunch in the Quad. And the life-size cut out of Christian Aguilera wearing a TIGERS 2003 t-shirt taped to the third floor window was a nice touch. But most of all, I thank you for filling the skywalk with balloons. I would like to add extra props for the schiz-nizzler who filled them with helium. Ah, you overestimate the maturity levels of fifteen year olds. The helium provided endless "munchkin voice" entertainment.  Another tradition of high school is the yearbooks. I would like to take this opportunity to sarcastically thank the retard on Yearbook Staff who thought it would be "cool" to print the annuals on black paper... hey thanks! It's really awesome how I can totally read all the signatures written in non-gel pen! Also thanks for misinforming future generations that the play I worked my ass off for was called "The Diary of Anne Frank" (I especially loved how you informed me that the play The Diary of Anne Frank was adapted from the book The Diary of Anne Frank) And the "cast picture" which is missing my FACE, is lovely. Thank, guys! Dynamite job!  Seriously though, I'm going to miss being a freshman. Because despite the hazing, frosh-slurs, and inability to participate in real school sports, I had a good year. And as much as I can't wait to get into the halls of high school as a sophomore, with my own freshman to tease, I'm even more excited for the summer.   Only six more days until school is finally REALLY over.... and a month and seven days until John Mayer/Counting Crows.   UNION! Affectionately... Anna