         Still is the light of your room when you're not inside and all of your things tell the sweetest story line You can be mad in the morning I'll take back what I said just don't leave me alone here Its cold here Come back to bed   That's It. Promise. Just a little sample of  Come Back To Bed . Dammit, it's so good in concert. God, his guitar solo at the Gorge... Anyway. The point is his new albumn is going to blow everyone away. There's a song on it he  didn't  do in concert, regretably so. It's called 'Split Screen Sadness'. I'm very interested; you're probably not. Get over it.  Before I move on to less obsessive subjects I want to say that not only girl's identify with John. I was once singing  Sucker  under my breath during English. Ben (this is the first/last/only time ever ever ever he will  ever  be in this blog) said, "Anna, it's 'when it rains/I'd be the talk of the day." The supposed jock/"pimp" corrected my John Mayer lyrics. He then, of course, promptly ignored me for a week... such an ass.   Moving on. I re-took my final and "aced" it. In my book, getting a 'C' on a comprehensive math test is aceing it. It sounds pompous and lame and hypocritical but it's a sad fact; people think of me as Smart. Seriously Smart. I even fooled my (creepy, perverted, pedophilic) Global Issues teacher into thinking I was Smart. He stated, in front of our entire class, that I was possibly the Smartest girl in the Freshman class. Which is crap, because I can't even factor a trinomial let alone understand what that  means.   And my English teacher never used my name... he called me Smart Kid. This is only because I was reciting some lame sonnet to Mary to make her laugh, therefore: exempt.   This is why I think people call me Smart. First, it's the whole categorizing for convince thing. It's just so easy to say...oh she's a slut, he's gay, she's a pothead, he's a freak. When I really know everyone- labelers included- are agonizing over their Label. Christ, I am. I hate that people think of me as preppy obsessive-compulsive Smart girl. Second, despite swearing like a sailor (being only slightly less hairy and tattooed) I don't smoke, drink, or have sex with random people. I shower regularly. I've never been in any real trouble with the Law. So these things combined means, apparently, that I am infinite in my knowledge. Sure, that's completely logical, right?   Affectionately and Feeling Sufficiently Lame and Inarticulate... Anna