         Leigh and I saw How to Deal tonight. Admittedly, I knew it was going to be a bad movie. But my desire for air conditioning and boy-ogling outweighed my synicality. And it was bad--- terrible in fact. Leigh and kept obnoxiously commenting on the Soap Opera qualities of the plot and fell to pieces when Halley was admitted to (I kid you not) General Hospital. It was a pleasant endeavor, but startling. I realized that I have a month until I go back to school. And I desperately don't want to.   It's going to be a dozy of a year. I have Honors/AP History and Honors English, Advanced Conditioning, and I still have no idea what my other electives are going to be. Since I am a retard I signed up for Photography. Call it genetic default, my mom is a photographer. In retrospect, I realize that this is insane and I barely can focus a camera. I really want to write for the school paper, though. My column could be something of an analytical commentary thing. I could combat with the Staffer who habitually writes about how awful John Mayer is. He's annoyingly abrasive, but then, I am too. I seem to remember something about how even if John's fingers were cut off, he would still play with the stubs but his songs would suffer... i.e. 'Your Body is a Wonderland' would become 'Your Body is a Barren Waste Land'.   Leigh and I were again discussing 'G-Dogg' (whose name, by the way, is most definitely NOT 'G-Dogg'. I just can't bare the risk of actually spelling out his name, because the second I do, he will find out. And since I have the maturity level of a ten year old, that can never happen.) She was doing this bike trip thing with him all of last week. Apparently, as a good friend, she was required to bring up my name. And apparently 'G' thinks that I 'very cool and yet very conservative'. I can't quite make anything of this, and I know that the second I try to analyze it. Leigh also had the pleasure of meeting his dad, who is exactly like him (as I hear). God, I wish I didn't care. And yet I do. And I hate it.  Meg called today. I haven't talked to her for so long! We always do this, go weeks without talking. And when we eventually hang out again. Nothing has changed. We pick up right where we left off. It's the sort of friendship that makes me feel secure, and really lucky. I hereby make a commitment to spend more time with Meg, and to stop neglecting my best friend responsibilities. Tomorrow I will hang out with her. I promise. Or, at the very least, call her.  Affectionately... Anna The Tragically Hip