         My brother wrote on his birthday wish list that he is requiring my entire family to create a piece of art together and give it to him. Fuck that. I would totally do it except for the fact that he is  requiring  it. That's not allowed. If I got things by saying they were required I would have an all-Vegan pantry and be legally emancipated.  So, it's officially Day Two of the so-called ‘break up’. I wasn't planning on telling anyone, but I slipped (sort of) to Melissa today. She nearly chocked on her McMuffin when I told her. That simple act made me feel--- masochistically--- very good. I was quickly assured that Mary has always been a "crazy ultra sensitive cult follower" and I'm "way better off without her".  Melissa is always so fun to talk to; she wants me to start a band with her. I'm not exactly sure what sort of music we would play with my less-than stellar acoustic 6-stringing and her hard-core drumming. It would be interesting to say the least. The idea is definitely tempting. But think of all the other shit I'm currently doing? Band practice would surely cut into my Spanish MTV watching.   Church camp is drawing near ladies and gentlemen. And I say this is all seriousness, truly, I love church camp. Just the simple fact that I can say "This one time, at church camp..." kicks methophsical ass. (I actually used to say that a lot until I say  American Pie  and found out why people laughed) Five days of sitting by a lake in Idaho; now that's what I call a good time! Alright, so it's not Manhattan, but I swear to God a piece of heaven lives there.   I was watching VH1 the other day and it has this show called Driven. It's all about how artists are all motivated and work really hard to become superstars. And I am totally serious, it had Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen on. Just how exactly can you be driven to do anything when you are eight months old? What, you struggled to control your spit-up? I mean, at eight months you can't even control your bowels! Good lord.  I remembered a really awful thing I once did today. There was this girl in my third grade class who was really mean to Margaret. She used to call her names and one time she spat on her during four-square. So I made up a song about her and sang it to her face. "Who hates Katie Carter? I do! Who hates Katie Carter? I do! I do!" I think that may have been one the meanest things I've ever done.   Affectionately and Irrationally... Anna