         An update: I wrote that blog about Mary almost two hours ago, and I just got off the phone with her. (Of course, I was the one who called) She sounded completely different, and I knew this phone call was going to be a bad one.  It was like breaking up! I mean Rachel-and-Ross breaking up, we're on ‘a break’. What the fuck? "I just need space." No, Mary, you need more time with that cult church of yours. I guess when you've never been around males beyond your family, you tend to intergrate the words 'break up' into your vocabulary without understanding the power they hold. Breaking up is not a game. She told me she was spending more time with kids from her church (who are now declared Satanists as far as I'm concerned) and realized she needed the aforementioned space. This is what I determined from what she said: her dad is a fuckhead who thinks I'm a Mary (the Virgin Mother)-worshipping Catholic and she is no longer going to be hanging out with me.  Of course I started crying; but now I am just MAD. Mad at her hypocritical father, mad at her for listening to him, and mad at myself for not seeing this coming. But hell, at least I have REAL friends, Mary. Not fellow Satanists. I've at least had boyfriends, have a life, and have some distinction. I may be Catholic and I may swear and I may be completely emotionally fucked up, but at least I'm that way on my own. I don't have other people (including a judgmental ignorant satanic father) running my life or telling me what to do. One day she’s going to wake up and realize that turning people away and judging people by the way they worship God is not living Christ’s will. It's exactly the opposite.   I was just beginning to think that Mary was a suplemental best friend (Meghan will ALWAYS be my best best friend, even when we're dead and gone. We made a pact when we were nine) When she wasn't sacrificing calves, etc. for her cult, she was an awesome listener. And she remembers a lot of the bullshit I talk about. Like New York, playing my guitar, being mad at myself for not being mad at others, falling in love with guys who under no circumstanses should I even be attracted to. She made me feel very sane, which is not easy to do. Except, she sort of  was  judgemental about a lot of things. I won't get into detail but they included premarital sex (can you guess who was for and who was aganist?) drugs, and cussing.   Oh, god, my feelings are so hurt. Affectionately... Anna