         Alright, perhaps I may have stolen this idea from a band, but bear with me. I can't help but consider the prospect of labeling people to songs. I like labels; I think they're bad and I hate being labeled; but I like them. Labels make things tidy. Labels don't leave room for questions. Alright; perhaps this is far-fetched. But when listening to my peers depict youthful incidents, I have to find something to do. So I match people to songs. This is my ideal society: when someone walks by you there song-- their soundtrack-- is playing. The rules: your soundtrack can change depending on your mood, but you can't have two songs playing at the same time. Examples: Donald Rumsfeild (Damn It Feels Good to be a Gangster) Monica Lewinsky (Devil With a Blue Dress On) The Clinton Administration (Welcome to the Jungle)   And on to the people I think about....  "Whore- shoes" (These Boots Are Made for Walking)  Officer Dan (Gonna Gettcha Good by Shania twain)  My OldER Brother (Fuck the Police)  My OldEST Brother (Golden Years by david bowie)   But what, may I ask of myself, is to be my theme song? So many options. Obviously "Anna Begins". Except I've never had sex, let alone tried to convince someone to deflower me. Perhaps "Complicated" by Avril Lavigne except I'm complexly against Canadian faux-punk "music". After thinking it through and consulting friends I've narrowed it down to three:   Suggested by Mary The Sweatpants Song (more commonly known as "Comfortable" by [insert applause] John Mayer). "Anna! It's ABOUT you. Hello? 'No makeup... grey sweatpants... so perfect' and 'your mouth was so dirty' was written ABOUT you." (I have to admit that made me feel good to know someone else saw the parallels between that song and me. It's uncanny, people, I'm telling you...)   Suggested by Chris She Talks To Angels by Black Crows. "Because you, like, are catholic and stuff." I like this one because I think it's about a girl who questions her faith. That or a girl who's phsycic (which I am not). Besides, I like saying 'Yes, she'll tell you she's an orphan... after you meet her family.'   Suggested by me; Get Free. I live in this town, people, I need to get free. Oh how I long for New York....   And, dear reader, I haven't forgotten you. The noise I hear when you pass is elevator music. Why? because it's inoffensive and benign, yet I always end up humming to it long after the elevator ride is over.   Affectionately... Anna