         I feel like a lazy pothead, minus the low sperm count. Oh wait, I'm a girl. Right; I don't produce sperm.  Another shitty thing about Spokane: everyone is a fucking runner. So when I go running "early" in the morning there are a million other "early"-risers who are on the sidewalks with me. It really ruins the whole meditative feel. To avoid the "Nice day to jog, huh?" rhetoric, I'm now waking up at 4:30 AM to run. It was really nice today because I ran to Meghan's old house and stood in the front yard for, like, ten minuets. I was thinking about how we used to sit on her front porch and read books about the Saints. I felt deeply connected to Saint Agnes, who was publicly humiliated before dieing a virgin. Meg liked St. Claire. Go figure.  Back to my hometown-loathing: the paper is so fucking bias. I've never been to the Spokesman Review headquarters but I'm pretty sure I know what it is. I can just see it... the office would be nothing but 40-something white men in three piece suits. They would each have a picture of them dressed in camouflage standing over the carcass of a dead animal framed on their desk. Everyone's screen saver would say "Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve!" and swastikas would decorate the hallways. They would each have a youngish female assistant who they would sexually harass thirty times a day. And they all would take their lunch breaks at Longhorn Barbeque.  So for the second time this year, I have written an anti-bigotry Editorial to the paper.  In Response to: "Gay Marriage? Never!" Dear Mr. Sean D. Mac an Airchinnigh:  In your editorial you said that the only thing necessary for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing. I am herby taking that message to heart.  You, and many people like you, oppose homosexuality; referring to it as "sin", "debauchery" and "abhorrent behavior". I think the question of morality with all people is  promiscuity , and I oppose both homosexual and  heterosexual  promiscuity. What I find brazenly offensive about your comments is your arrogance.  You call yourself a Christian, yet Jesus Himself said "Let he who is without sin throw the first stone." Is pride not a sin? While I don't understand or encourage homosexuality, it is a fact of life. Some people, Mr. Mac an Airchinnigh,  are gay . They were born gay and they are going to live gay lives whether or not you like it. I happen to agree with Jesus when he said, “As I have loved you, so must you love one another." (John 13:34) I pray that you come to live a life not filled with vehement opposition and homophobia, but with compassion and love for all God's children.  I was thinking this morning about when I got kicked out of class last week. I think I wrote that I had never been kicked out of class before, but I realized today that's not true. In seventh grade I got kicked out of my Grammar class by a substitute teacher. He told me I was trying to attract attention by the way I was walking, which was totally not true. Looking back, that sub must have been a total perv. I probably deserved to get kicked out of class, though, for something unrelated. I can distinctly remember that Sean was laughing really hard at the time; I kind of miss Catholic school today. Correction: I miss Sean.  Affectionately... Anna  Subpost: I have just been informed by my "loving" brother, the one who I am suppose to totally love more than any other family member, of several things. A:Blogging is for losers. B:Not to mention his website ever again, because it "negative publicity" and C:They Might Be Giants suck.   I didn't even know he read my blog.