         My high school, like every high school, is sectioned into cliques. I guess everyone's school has a differnt mixture of groups, and I guess it depend on the area of the country you are from. LC is basically a stoner's paradise (whichever administartor gave us off-campus lunch was insane), but that's not to say there aren't other groups. My favorite has to be the kids from the "ghetto". You see, Spokane  has  no ghetto, and ninety percent of the kids in that group have parents who are doctors.   The things is, and the point of this post, that I don't belong to a group. There's something so inherently strange about the fact that I am indefinable. I've somehow dogged public labels, I missed the part of high school were everyone was sorted off (maybe I was sick or something). My friends are from such different groups. I can just picture Heather explaining me to one of her Elite friends. "Anna, you know, the tall girl?"  I've slipped through the cracks of our high school monarchy. I'm the illusive girl in your social studies class that has Something To Say. Don't get me wrong, I'm not sexy-illusive, not unattainable. I weave in and out as What's-Her-Name. And some days I feel preppy, some days I'm Kissing The Sky Responsibly. I'm a contradiction of terms. I love that I'm the anonymous girl who made you laugh when we were reading West Side Story and disappeared after the bell rang. I'm absent from the mixers and most parties, due to a mixture of both choice and circumstance.   And at lunch; the most prevalent dichotomy of social classes? I'm on the Third Floor; metaphorically and physically. The floor where no one really goes or stays long. The cast of our Stairwell is ever-changing and the characters are just as vague as I am.   I'm beginning to be more and more OK with my absence of a social order. It makes me not-so-average-after-all, right? My nonexistant rank can't help or hurt me; it doesn't give me a head-start or a handicap. It's just in my nature to bend the rules, I guess. And somehow I think that I'm going to be all the better for it. Somehow.  Affectionately...Anna