         About twenty minuets into my class this morning, I realized that today was not a good day for me to be stuck in a room doing math. I have these days where all I can do is giggle and doodle, like some Jr. High virus. Its days like today where I feel like I have ADD.  Mr. Gohler apparently took my giddiness for something else, and felt a need to tone me down. He attempted many times to get me to shut up. Including: moving me once, moving me twice, and yelling at me. He then tried the humiliation approach, where he made me show him the work I had done that day. It backfired though, because when he read "Anna loves Rocket Coffee Guy" it only made me laugh harder.  Long story short: I was kicked out of class. I have never been kicked out of anywhere before. I know I should feel bad, and I do. Not so much because I was being disobdient, but becasue Mr. Gohler probably is a nice guy and made him mad. I mean, who can have a Barry Manilow screen saver and not be awesome?  Riding high on a very bad-ass feeling, Melissa and I headed for McDonalds, so she could grab breakfast. I have to set up the scenario well so that you can get the full comedic effect. Melissa and I are standing in line, waiting to order. I am looking at the Happy Meal "McToys", Melissa is reading the menu. Enter: mulleted, Native-American, toothless assumed-intoxicated man. He buys a coffee, looks at Melissa in a very R. kelly-ish way, and says (loudly and in a lisp) "DAMN! That's a finnnnne ass." Melissa looks horrified, I start laughing uncontrolably. A bewildered McEmployee hands Melissa a McMuffin and her change, and starts laughing, too. The Mullet Man again informs us "DAMN! THAT ASS!". Tears are streaming down both of our faces now, and we gasp for air at the same time, causing us to laugh harder. It was truly one the the crowning glories of my McDonalds McEntertainment.  Next, I was toted downtown by the Thomas family to catch the first showing of Legally Blonde2: Red, White, and Blonde. Easily one of the worst cinematic bombs I have ever witnessed. I'll save you six-fifty: Elle is pink, Luke Wilson is hot, the dog is somehow gay, Washington learns how to be sweet by wearing more product in their hair, and somehow a sorority girl is a drag queen. The end.  It was such a nice day out, we walked around downtown a bit and headed for my favorite store, Boo Bradley's. Outside is a sign that says, "Hey you! Come in here and buy stuff!". It's this totally crazy place that sells the weirdest products I have ever seen. Such as obscene birthday cards, statuettes, wind-up toys, vintage movie posters, journals, and a number of truly odd things. A book of mullet portraits here, glow-in-the-dark pictures of George W. Bush there, all with manic Indian music playing throughout the store. Mary HATED it, and was mad at me for taking her there. I loved it, of course. How can she not find joy in a store that sells soap that promises to wash away your sin?   Affectionately... Anna