         A while ago to decided to sponsor a child. You know those terribly depressing commercials on T.V. with children living in impoverished villages? Well, I was feeling really guilty once when watching one at like, three in the morning, and I signed up for a child. I got her picture and family description yesterday. Her family earns  sixty  dollars a month from her mom's job as a  laundry woman . Her dad is unemployed. Her name is Kimberly... which I totally don't get because she's from the Philippines and doesn't speak English. Whatever. It doesn't matter. The fact remians that I am making a difference... I guess.   I also got my class schedule! After about three minuets of initial shock, I am now thoroughly depressed. I am going to be up to my ears in homework. It is going to suck. I am going to have no time for anything else, which means (drum roll please)... I have got to drop cross country. Leigh is going to be so disappointed. She totally stood up for me when I was considering it last year. Mary and Lauren were telling me how I was way too busy and I would never have time... well, they were right. Here's my current schedule:  Homeroom...Hagney Honors English...Mietzner Photography...Stimac AP Honors World History...Anderson Integrated Math...MENGERT Advanced Conditioning...Travis Integrated Science...Rambo  As if this day wasn't eventful enough, right? Wrong. I am so lame. I was calling a bunch of people to find out who I had classes with, when I decided to call Mary. I had decided a while ago just to let things lie and pretend like nothing had happened. In part because I know I overreacted and also because I didn't want anything to be weird next year. Both stupid reasons to attempt to do an equally stupid thing. However, my idea was just to call her and be like "Hey Mary! Oh my gosh I got my class schedule today, let's see if we have any classes together!" For some really under-considered reason, I legitimately thought that this would work.  So I dialed, and she answered and I said the aforementioned salutation. She told me that she hadn't gotten her schedule and asked if I had just gotten back from my cruise. I told her yes and that is was very fun. I really can't pinpoint at what time in our small talk that things changed. One second we were acting all cordial to one another and the next I was crying.   Crying... obviously. I cry about everything. I cried in  Finding Nemo  . I asked something about if this meant we could be friends again and she said No. I was, and am, so confused as to why our friendship abruptly ended. I deserve to know, right? One day we were laughing and watching Legally Blonde 2 (even though it really wasn't funny) and the next day she's getting her mom to lie for her about where she is. She told me that she didn't think we had anything in common anymore, that the people I hang out with (aside for her, of course) live lifestyles she doesn't "agree" with (this means Heather and Melissa), and that she was now hanging out exclusivly with people from her church. She told me I swear too much. She sited some random time that I flipped a guy off downtown. Also, this is word for word; I'm not bothered enough by sex scenes in movies (???) And when we went to Boo Radley's I wasn't adequately upset by the many "inappropriate" images on the postcards there.   Something really unusual happened then. I got mad. I got really mad. I was crying and bitching her out at the same time. I told her I thought she belonged to a cult and that she was being completely unfair. Clearly caught up in the moment, I made this hilarious proclamation that sounds like it came from a rerun of Dawson's Creek. "You know what? I guess we really don't have anything in common, do we? Because I would never treat friend like this. And you have to live with that. There's 6 Billion people in this world and like, 5 Billion of them live and think and live in a way that pisses you off... not everyone is like your little cult. I am normal, and what's more--- I'm not an inherently bad person. All of next year, you're going to see me in the halls and know that you fucked me over. Good bye."   So, in four days I start off the new school year A) with a schedule that is waaaaay too hard for me B) in the throws of a really awful fight but C) a really strange sense of un-alarm.  Affectionately... Anna