         So our flight isn't until eight at night. I wish I had realized this earlier. I cannot sleep on planes. I cannot sleep anywhere but a bed, and even that is a challenge.   It's a good thing that I wasn't feeling up for yet another beach today. Joe and I explored and found some of the cooooolest places in the country, I'm sure. Alright, so maybe not the country but at least in all of Miami. Trift stores! Christ, the most amazing thrift stores you can possibly imagine. Literally stocked to the ceiling with all this stuff that Urban Outfitters models it's line after. The had the BEST indie music and then some Elton John. They played "Tiny Dancer" and I felt so content and happy it was strangly normal. I got the single coolest t-shirt ever, and I can be garunteed that no one else will have it. It says "A woman's place is in the house... and Senate". I also got a few other brightly colored random t shirts. A bright green one that says "Hoopsters" in black, and a purple one that says "We are the Future!". I love it!   Speak of the devil, I did go to Urban Outfitters. But only becasue Dad had given me an unusually large lump of money and I haven't even begun the Back to School shopping. I got a shirt. A very awesome skirt. But the sales guy was an ASS and nearly refused to sell me the fucking shirt unless I gave him my number. Umm, no thanks. It seems like everyone here is like... ok, not to sound egotistical... but fucking hitting on me. I don't understand, and more importantly, want the attention. Leave me alone creepy Sean-Paul listening, SUV driving, community college attending losers!   Which leads me to another dark subject. Homecoming. Call it lame, silly, whatever-- I want to go! I want to get a dress, get my hair done, get my nails done, get ridiculously high shoes, and put on way to much makeup. Am I masking a secert desire to dive again back into the whole hooking up/falling for another guy? God knows I miss that whole thing. But I really, really, really, REALLY do not want to get hurt again.   School is coming way to soon. Affectionately... Anna