         I got a Washington State I.D. card today. It's the only I.D. card that I've ever gotten in which I look good. And I assure you, it will be the last. I hate the DMV. I hate it so so much. The second I walk in there I want to scream. I was fighting back obscenities for a good twenty minuets waiting for my number to be called. How anyone could work there all day is far far beyond me. Far beyond.  Dad and I went to the annual Republican party barbeque tonight. Please, hold the applause. I realize that I've just lost about everyone who has ever read this blog. What? Anna a Republican? Yes, yes I am. (And if you [reader] are shallow enough to define a person by their political affiliations I don't want you here anyway) I'm what's known as a grunt worker. I ring doorbells. I hand out flyers. I ask for money. Basically, I'm professionally annoying. But tonight was just banter and faux-fun.   We went to this House. House isn't really the word because it's a fucking mansion... the sort of home I want to live in with My Future Husband someday. The backyard is the clincher. Gorgeous. There was a band. Not my sort of band, but a band so up-tight and middle-aged they became cool. Several rounds of "The Lazy Crazy Days of Summer" were sung, and it reminded me of  Gilmore Girls episode. At least one hundred fifty people were there, probably more. Senators, Congress people, people running for office, all there. It was really nice though, because of the people there that weren't in office or running. These people, half of them, they get off on feeling important. Like, because they just had a nice chat with Congressman X they suddenly are powerful. The character list of these important people:   Senator Jim:  I paged for him in January. Totally jaded, but very smart. I'm working on his campaign this fall.  Congressman George:  My favorite! He used to live next door to my best friend in grade school, and I used to jump on his trampoline with his son. He wore a tie that had Elephants on it... unbelievably cool. He's just generally a good good man. Can't say enough good things about him.  County Commissioner Larry:  PERVERT! Looked down my top while talking to me, then asked if I would help his campaign. As far as I'm concerned, he can go fuck himself. Too bad my Dad already signed me up to help him out.   Would-be City Council Person Terry:  No personality. No way he's going to win.  But occasionally you come across the unjaded people, they ones who are interested in community leadership for the sake of the community. Those are the people I engage with. One guy, who I'm going to call Ryan, is so hot. Here's a re-enactment of our conversation. The italics are what I wanted to say.  "Anna! How are you? Is your Dad around?" "Hello. Yes, my dad is actually just talking to Jim."  I want to fuck you.  "Well I'll have to catch up with him later. How's school. Sophomore next year right?" "Yes, I'm so excited. I really love LC."  Yes, but I desperately don't want to be in high school anymore. I hate LC. I want to fuck you.  "It's such a nice school. Are you working any campaigns this fall?" "Yes, four so far. I'll be busy!"  I hope you're working on all these campaigns.... so that I can fuck you.   Affectionately... Anna