            From my analytical musings to your ears: A Day in Reflection  For some reason or another, I have been looking around at my peers lately and thinking how much I like (some of) them. Chalk it up to end-of-the-year nostalgia, or blame it on my ever-uncanny ability to be introspective; but I really love a lot of the people at my school. Many of them, I barely know; or visa versa; but I genuinely love these people! (Some names have been changed to protect the innocent)   "G-Dogg" is one of the most real people I have ever met. Not Jenny-from-the-block keepin' it "rreal" in 700 dollar Dolche and Gabamma gloves, but real as in genuine. He has a no holes barred honestly, which may be taken as crude (ah-hem) at one point or another. I know that he listens to music like Hatebreed and The Ramones, due to the t shirts he prominently sports. And there are others among these inspired outfits. Including a mailman's uniform, a Public Enemy addidas sweatsuit (dripping of ironic oldschool rap sattire) and a Freddy Mercury eather jacket. Too top it off, his red hair has been permenetly styled into quasi-dreadlocks that really look nothing like dreadlocks at all. In fact, if you didn't know his hair is this way on purpose, you may think that he hasn't showered in many months. G- Dogg is rail thin in a sort of punk rocker way, but tall. He has freckles abound, which I have noticed lately, and a metal grin that never seems to fade. All these elements, combined with his innate ability to make even the primmest teachers laugh, makes him by far the coolest person I know.  "Feather" is slutty in a can't-touch-this sort of way. This MC Hammer-esque mantra is what is so great. People see a beach blonde supporter of Ambercrombie, and don't see much else... there's a lesson in there somewhere. As of late, however, I have gotten to know her much better. I admit that I once thought that she was the same shallow lemming that follows the crowd simply because it's easiest. But she's surprisingly smart. If something is seen as pointless in "Feather"'s eyes, she simply doesn't give a damn. Example:"Who the fuck cares if Walt Disney built a bigger empire than the McDonald's guy? Aren't there, like, starving people somewhere I need to know about?"   "Kid-Whose-Name-I-Don't-Know" (or as I affectionately refer to as; KWNIDK) I know very little of this guy, but that's the appeal. All year long he has ridden my bus. For months, I explained away his silence with the myth that he was shy. Unsurprisingly, I was wrong. He's simply to cool for school. But not... and this is important... in an asswholeish way. Example: a girl from my neighborhood who hates me: Nicole disses on me for wearing bows in my hair and liking acoustic guitar CDs, yet claims to be way into punk. What music does she listen to you ask? The Canadian faux-punk shit like Good Charlotte and SIMPLE PLAN (!!!). Just who does Nicole's heart belong to... you guessed in KWNIDK. But he's cool enough to be like "Oh hey" although he blatantly doesn't stand for double negative pandering. He's even walked her home a few times.   Finally...Mary. I have become very close with Mary in the last few months. Seeking social refuge, I began hanging out with her earlier this year. There aren't enough good things I can say about "Mawee". She's inherently incorporated by the atmosphere at our school. She's untainted in every sense of the word. She's Republican. Most importantly, she allows me to vent and rave and occasionally copy her homework. She listens to my lectures on the delusional dance of the democratic party, and agrees that Hillary Clinton is a dangerously socialistic woman. I couldn't ask for a more caring or honest person to call a friend.  Affectionately... Anna