         The boy from yesterday was named Sean Fitzpatrick. I want to scream it at the newsreporters who keep calling him, "17 year old Male Junior". He has a name. Sean.  The school is so big, and Sean was older than me, so I never met him. From what kids at school are saying, he was a really nice guy. Sort of a loner, but very smart. He has a sister in my grade. I never met her either, but again, it's a big school. Somehow people tend to get lost in the sea of faces every passing period.  There's a lot of confusion still. The main theory is that Sean wanted to die, but he wanted the Police to do it. Trite as it sounds, he might get that wish. He's still in critical condition at Sacred Heart. I want desperately for him to live. Yes, because he is a person and I believe all people are inherently good. But also because of his family. Think of them; they are branded by the terrible thing that he did. And on top of that the loss of their son? I just don't think it would be right to bestow such turmoil on a family that it already in so much grief.  School is more quite now. But there is a benevolence that wasn't there before. People are hugging, some still crying. Everyone is bonded, even if through a tragedy. We just mostly talked today. It was nice to get everything out, but those discussions lead to so many feelings of uncertainty. How can we guarantee this won't happen again? We can't.   It's incredible though, that in time like these I realize how much of the world is good, how many people I love. My parents, of course. But my brothers and my friends too. If anything had happened yesterday... I don't know what I would have done. Things are blanketed by such a remorse, such a sadness. But at the same time, this newfound appreciation is a blessing.  I wish I could explain more carefully, more collectedly, about the situation at hand. It's still really new, but I think in the next few days things will start to return to somewhat of a normalcy.   I'm spent.  Affectionately... Anna