         Journaling is somehow really cathartic for me, like a huge purge of my emotions. I got this metaphor from Oprah, and I'm not ashamed to admit it. I like Oprah. She's made a multi-million dollar empire from simply talking to people. That's impressive.  But anyway, when I refer to journaling I don't mean this blog. This blog is more of a record, really. A timeline of suburban bliss. My journals are feverishly-written jumble of crap. They aren't like "July 11: Today I saw John Mayer. It was a good concert. I wore my favorite sandals and new lip gloss." They sound more like "The Best Day of My Life Ever: Falling into his words and his music, unaware of anything else. Him, inundating my heart with precious assurance. Me, shiningly exposed miraculously complete..."  And that's only a tiny hint of the insanity with my 100-page, wide-ruled, Mead Composition notebooks. But sometimes a girl just needs to write poems and songs about the trappings of Suburbia. There is something somehow wonderful about four-page descriptions of Harry Potter release party embarrassment.   And, so, boredom ensues.  The following are 40 things that about me that you don't know, probably. What can I say? I got bored.  1. I don't take baths, only showers. I take a lot of showers. I spend a great deal of energy washing myself. 2. I don't like shower gels or lufas. I only use bar soap. It seems cleaner, somehow. 3. I have lots and lots of tiny little scars all over my legs. They are from my era of being a rough-and-tumble tomboy, the result of my older brothers. A lot of them are just from nicking myself with a razor, though. 4. I am Vegan. 5. I often annoy my friends about their leather-wearing habits. 6. I don't wear leather. 7. It took me four years to learn how to swim. 8. I don't pop my gum externally. It is very difficult to master how to pop in inside of one's mouth, but if you can learn to, it is strangely satisfying. 9. I am easily intimidated. 10. I was suspended from school in the Seventh grade for putting lip gloss in another girl's hair and plotting to deface our school with feminine-hygiene products 11. I still regret never actually going through with the above-mentioned plan. 12. I use to shoplift all the time. 13. I sometimes lie in Confession. 14. I chew on my left pinkie compulsively. 15. I am fascinated with the mechanics of intercourse. I don't really think of it as a perversion, and I'm not all that interested in actually having sex, but just actual literal movement of it. 16. I waste my potential. 17. I hate math, and basically anything to do with numbers. 18. My parents hate each other. 19. I have lived in the same house my entire life. 20. I am very stubborn. 21. As a result of that trait, I never wore the headgear I was supposed to sleep in. As a result of that fact, I had braces for three years. 22. ... it was worth it. 23. I take a picture of my feet with every roll of film I buy. 24. I am very, very pale. In middle school an asshole/jerk-off/fuckhead named Brad Parker called me Albino Anna. It was very painful. 25. I am a different version of myself with almost everyone I know. 26. ... that is cheap. 27. I don't think premarital sex is wrong. 28. I do think that promiscuousness is wrong. 29. I hate small minded people. 30. I have been drunk one time in my life. And I still don't know if I was really drunk. I was 12, it was Jack Daniels. 31. It is easy to make me laugh, but not easy to make me think you are funny.  32. I think Audrey Hepburn is the most graceful women who ever lived. 33. I hate t-shirts that say "Hottie","100% Angel","Cutie" and so on...  34. My favorite flowers are tulips. 35. I think long-stemmed roses are unimaginative and stupid. 36. I am not as smart as people seem to think I am. 37. If you knew me outside of the Internet, you would probably would be annoyed or offended by me.  38. I kiss the mirror, a habit from middle school. 39. I trust mostly everyone. 40. I am very naive.  Affectionately... Anna