         KWNIDK (Bryce) was arrested in my 2nd period class today. It was awful. Really. I don't like him, but I (cough) understand what it is like to be in trouble and how much it sucks. Apparently the school officers can look through your belongings whenever they like, and that is what Office Dan exercised today. Subsequently, they found pot. (why bring this to school, I have no idea)   I also met the coolest girl in my science class today. We have the same name, and she is awesome, if a little strange. We were all mutually talking in a group and some one commented on how tiny she was.   Anna (her): People in Junior High used to call me Anna-rexic. Anna (me): ME TOO! Anna (her): Really? Anna (me): Yes, that is so weird! Anna (her): What's your sign? Anna (me): Uh, Pisces. Anna (her): I thought so, but your born in 88 right? Anna (me): Yes. Anna (her): Which fits perfectly, because it's the year of the Dragon...  She told me a lot of stuff about my personality based upon my birth date and she was dead on. She literally asked, "Are you pretty analytical?"... freaked me out. She also, told me, however, that I am 'otherworldly". Really? I am? Uh, I don't really think so. I guess I am a totally daydreamer, but does the qualify as other-world?   Huge news, which is trivial to all of you: Robin wore makeup today. It was the strangest thing. I walked into English and completely astonished. Robin is naturally really pretty, but today she wore mascara, and it was so weird. Someone in her Science class actually asked if she was a new student.   Zero Hr. was cancelled, but all went alright. Melissa and I talked for an hour about Christianity and how we're going to start a Bible Study "thing". After we were talking about some personal stuff, assured no one was around, I noticed the ROCK/Team Death guy was doing his homework about ten feet from us. Well, I certainly hope he enjoyed listening to me talk about my qualms about staying pure till marriage.  Can you say "embarrassing"? Good lord.  Affectionately... Anna