         I am trying to inform you (the reader) or my (the writer) excitement today. I am going to try to do this in a  somewhat  sane way. A-hem.   JOHN MAYER IS GOING TO BE ON THE SEASON PREMIER OF SNL! HOLY CRAP!   Just thought it might be relevant to say that. Because two of the great loves in my life, Saturday Night Live and John, are crossing. And I hereby bet you a million dollars that he will do a walk-on into a sketch. And it will be great, even if it isn't funny. Because the ability to use one's legs in talent enough when you are John Mayer.   And if that information was not incredible enough, I had an awesome day. During Zero-Hr. we played volleyball. I was the only girl on my team, and it was so fun. Our name was "Team Death", and we sucked. Hardcore. But it was really fun, because after our third match of loosing, no one cared anymore. So whenever the ball would come to one of us, we would just punch it directly forward in whatever direction we happened to be standing. Or kick it. And, in some cases, head-butt it. Somehow in my infinite maturity, this was hilarious. And I could not stop laughing.   Really stupid crush update: I suck, because I am giving into the will of my hormones. My natural intuition and my unnatural analytic tendencies tell me that Robin knows this. I can see it in her eyes---  she knows . I really wish he would stop having lunch with us because it is bothering the crap out of me. That, and I can't concentrate on my food.  After school I had intended to go to the Spokane Club to work out, however, I could not get my locker to open. But I turned a potentially disappointing afternoon into an awesome one. I went to the Rocket. I had a predictably overly-frothy Chai Tea with soy, and did all of my homework for the night in one highly-productive sitting. And then who should walk in, but (you guessed it folks...) Rocket Sex God.  It was looooovely. He was wearing black pants a plain white t-shirt and a brown belt. I regret now forgetting to look at his shoes, but I bet you them were cool. I could get all romance-novel on you and explain how that t-shirt clung to his lanky frame, and how his presence sent shivers up and down my back, how I could barely breath... but I won't.  Suffice to say he looked very, very good. But he was only stopping by to get his paycheck. And through listening to his conversation, I am pretty sure his name is Mike. At any rate, some one who works there is named that.  And then I arrived home to see that Dad had bought Joey (brother #2) a car. This was unexpected, but not a very big deal. It is a "perfect condition" 1986 model, so I don't particularly envy it. Joe just needed a car to drive to school and Dad simply bought him one.   Affectionately... Anna