         Oh, Lord, did I ever mention that I am  in love  with John Mayer? I was listening, only listening, to 'Wheel' last night in my bedroom and I cried. It is soooooo TRUE! And so poignant. I will never be able to write songs like that. Ever.   I am a dork, and that's common knowledge so we don't really need to go over that. I arrived at school at a quarter to seven, when my zero-hour class starts. And as my hand flew up to pull open the door I remembered: zero-hour had been cancelled. No words necessary for the stupidity that hit me at that moment. At least Adrienne wasn't there to see me, right? That would have fit in perfect with the fact that she totally hates me. However, it turned out to be a blessing. I walked to The Rocket and re-read my English assignment. Subsequently, I aced the pop quiz we had over it later that morning. No sign of Sex God, though.   There's this wrestler in my 6th period science class who I really don't like. He bothers me to the umpth-degree. He will not stop hitting on me, and I can't stand people like that. What is more unattractive then a guy who won't take his hands off of you? And it's not cute when people call me obsessive-compulsive, either.   Plus, he chronically commits the worst offense: over-gelling the hair. Eww. Do people (basically just male-people) actually think that looks good? To me it looks like they haven't washed their hair for a really long time and they used the grease in it to rub all around their head. Another person who does this is "Fraiser". I see him at the Spokane Club all the time. I really can't understand what bothers me about him so much. He's so surly and gentlemanly. And aside from the gel thing, he doesn't have any bothersome qualities that really stand out. He was on the local news tonight talking about high school kids and Sep. 11th, 2001. He's smart. But he seems so flawless that he comes across as totally transparent. I'm only attracted to people who have quirks or strong beliefs. Of which Fraiser has neither.  God! Look at me, judging people again. I'm such a hypocrite.   Tripp and I had a really weird conversation today. It went something like this: "You're still so mean to me! I am not the same brat I was in elementary school."  "Yah." "You suck." [Sarcastic] "Maybe if you weren't in love with me, then we could be friends."  Painfully awkward silence  "You're brother is so hot, Tripp." "Stop it!" "I'm so in love with your brother! He is so hot!"  So basically I dodged the whole "love" thing. I have absolutely have no romantic feelings for him. But I  did . Long ago in a foreign world called Jr. High.   Affectionately... Anna