         I was thoroughly happy when I discovered Spell Check is now available via Blogger. To quote Ben* "Sweeeeet!"   Moving on, school. My day went pretty smoothly. Robin dropped AP History. I would have berated her endlessly for sucking so much, but she was in all sorts of a terrible mood. And that is  so  un-Robin. She and Lauren poses some magical ability to make me always laugh. She inherited my cold, along with Leigh and Adrienne. Watch out people, I'm a walking virus-spreader! Anyway, she ended up going home after lunch. I feel awful for her. It's only the second week of school.  Today I decided an explanation of Adrienne and Annica needs to be recorded. Annica is undeniably cool. I love her. I don't really know her all that well, but in the typical Anna-way, I love her. She is so damn smart. And she writes poetry, good poetry, and that too, kicks ass.   Adrienne is a little more complicated. Adrienne does not like me. I am so damn intuitive, I hate it. I'm not being paranoid, which is sort of an oxy-moron in this case, but I digress. The point is, she always seems to be around when I do/say something stupid. It's naive to expect everyone to like me, but I can't stand it when someone doesn't like me. Particularly if I see them several times a day. She's in my Zero-Hr. Conditiong class, AP History class, and frequently eats lunch in the Stairwell. She makes me feel immoral , hypocritical, and stupid. The worst part is I think so highly of her! She is such a good artist, such a smart kid, and seems so nochalaunt about everything.   I, on the other hand, am nonchalant about  nothing . I have all this love and excitement bottled up inside and if anything strikes me as cool, I freak out. When we got pop machines with little elevators in them, I freaked out. When a John Mayer song is on the radio, I freak out. When I get a letter in the mail, I freak out. I am in a constant state of overreaction.   However, life is undeniably good. I am so happy. Everything seems to be alineing. Melissa has inspired me to do Morning Devotions again, and I realize how centered this makes me. I also have new John Mayer material to swoon over, and that's a plus.  Affectionately... Anna * The only reason I inserted his name was to show you how retarded he is. Never again will "jock pimp Mack daddy" be featured in anything I   write.