         Alright, so there are so many awesome things happening in my life right now I can't keep them straight in my head. I just feel so damn happy all of a sudden. Right now, everything seems so cool, so great, so electric-- and the happiness is nearly tangible. In all normal-ness, I should be annoyed and tired. But I'm not. I'm happy in that manic Jr. high way.    A.  Melissa found God over the summer. She is so happy and so cool to the umpth degree that I just adore her. She is absolutely  glowing  with joy. She reminds me, in a weird way, of what I'm living for-- God. And that is so damn cool.    B.  I love everything about John's (we're way beyond last-name basis here, and I know it) new CD. What makes this situation cooler is that Robin/Lauren/Annica/Adrienne now understand that my musical tastes  do not  suck. When I called John lame (which he is, I know that. But I still love him. Hell--  Noggin  is lame and I still love it.) Robin goes, "Oh my god. You, like, think he's lame?" And suddenly they all got it, that I know how silly I am being. Truly a breakthrough.    C.  I have about seven crushes right now. Suffice it to say that the whole "re-enter the threshold of the Dating World" is terribly close to happening. I just love boys so, so much. I love their hair. And their shoulders. And their smiles. And their eyes, feet, hands, lips... Lesbians just don't know what they're missing. Seriously.   D.  My mom and I are talking, on a conversational basis, again. And this makes me a better, saner person.   E.  I feel like I am actually making use of my education. My classes are hard, but I am working hard to rise to this new level.   F.  I am meeting so many new people in all my new classes. A girl who I was best friends with, up until Jr. High, (when I left public schools) is in my science class. Things were really awkward between us last year, because we both are nothing like the 12 year olds we used to be. But we did a lab together today, and she was really, really nice. I made such a stupid assumption that she had turned into a lame druggie, and I was totally wrong. Just goes to show ya, don't judge a book by its cover.    E.  Frequent availability of Diet Coke. No more words necessary.   G.  Everyone seems to love me ever since the Certain Unnamed Cult Member-breakup. That person always sort of made me pessimistic, and now I've sort of broken free from my dreary outlook and I'm back to my silly, sunny self.  I also have found another  awesome  blog that people need to see. And read. And become obsessed with. Becasue that's what it's all about people. Ladies and gentlemen, it's   Isral's Blog . I like to think of it as the cooler side of high school... when you are 17, can have a job and drive a car. Unlike me: babysitting to buy CDs and relying on the Units. Oh well. I still love my life.  Oh, yum. Affectionately... Anna