         (A huge thanks to the Maternal Parental Unit for letting me borrow  The Best of Sting and the Police .)  Today I had a manicure and a pedicure at the community college, SCC. My mom, who is cool in her Mom-cool way, is obsessed with "bargains". She's too busy to clip coupons anymore, but she loves to find good deals on anything. Whenever I buy a new top, she always says "That's nice. Was it on sale?" But she found that the advanced Cosmetology Students give pretty damn good services for cheap. And I emphasize the word cheap. My nice nails and toes cost ten bucks altogether. Afterwards, we went to Barnes and Noble, and I picked up  The Catcher and the Rye . I feel like such illiterate fool since haven't read it yet.   When we got home I was greeted with the weirdest letter ever. I've been accepted into this elite-nerd-freak program that offers full and partial scholarships to college for families of exemplimary students. Um, what? I failed my math class last year. And I never signed up for this program. And I'm still a sophomore. And yet a tentative interview has been scheduled for my and the Units in two weeks. This posses several questions: A. Who nominated me? B.Who was able to have access to my school records, or did the program even look at my grades? and C. What the hell?  This program probably is illegitimate or something. But it really had me thinking. If it is was legit, and access to my records and a nomination was needed, there is one person who it would have had to have been. And this brings me to an issue I've briefly alluded to before, but never, ever talked about. The issue is about some very questionable "exchanges" between me and a teacher last year. Nothing physical. And nothing that was wrong, really, I guess. Put with my analytical spin, the inconsequential things that were said were blown into a very unhealthy, completely ridiculous, attraction. Very Alicia Silverstone ala Crush (minus the murderous and sexual undertones) Basically, I freaked out over being called "perfect" and became obsessed with one of my teachers. But it wasn't entirely subjective; a lot of what he said was totally weird- which is why I freaked out. Just yesterday he talked with me about my tan when I was supposed to be in fifth period. Ahhh! I am a whore. I should not like this guy. Stop it, dammit. Stop stop stop stop.  Oh the complications of a hopeless nerd.  I also need to address the whole Christian with a capital 'C' thing. Guess who found God this summer? Melissa. She had me read this paper she wrote for her Journalism class. Predictably, I cried. I never knew she was so unhappy. A lot of what I found out was really personal, but I'm so happy she's in a better place. It's so strange that everyone is changing. So many people are becoming so less annoying (not me, however) and so much more mellow. Maybe it's just the contrast between the Class of 2006 and the new freshman that I am bombarded with. Either way, though, I'm happy about it.  Affectionately... Anna