         Since I was nine, I have been shipped off to camp for a week each summer. I like it, actaully. I'm totally inhibited for a week, in God's grace, and well, hot conselers. I've meet a lot of cool people over the years, and have a core group of really close friends who I make my annual Twinlow trip for. We call ourselves the Butterflys because we all were all in Cabin 6 that year, and it was the butterfly cabin. I guess we sound like the Ya Ya Sisterhood, but I guaruntee, we are no where near the South. And my name in not Sidalee.   One girl I'm probably the closet with is Jenelle. God, I can't believe I'm going to say this--for the world to read-- we're pen pals. It's so Elementary School that we write letters instead of talk on the phone, seeing as we're about forty five minuets away from each other. Calls might not even be long distance. There's just something about writting; you can SAY so much more, without physically saying anything. We talk about the most random things, and yet at time the most poginant things. It's a weird sort of realease, kind of like jounraling or blogging. When you spell out what's going on in your life, you see it differently. Sometimes it's a reality check. And sometimes you think you're crazy, only to recieve a letter back assuring you you're not.  More often than not, I feel honored to have Jenelle as a friend. She reminds me a lot of Mary. Untainted, inherenetly good. I will never unstand how some people are never tempted to do  bad  things. I'm not talking murder, little things. I guess no sin is a little sin in God's eyes, but there is a difference between robbing a bank and lieing to your parents. Right?   Jenelle's mother passed away when she was eight. I don't know how to put that, I mean, it's a very sad fact. A fact I wish didn't exist. If anyone deserves a happy life, it's Jenelle. She has specail eyes through which she sees everyhting... somehow. And it's not even "a silver lining to every cloud", more like "never a cloud in the sky". For instance, of my love life (or lack thereof) she writes: "Maybe you are always 'in love with a couple of guys' but the boys are in love with you too! Perhaps not the ones you would choose, but they love you just the same. How could they not? You're beautiful as can be and a sweetie!" This makes me feel so so so gulity, because obviously I am not a sweetie at all. If only she knew!   On a side note, I wrote a song on the guitar! Good lord, it's laaaaaaaaaaame. Lamer than my lame-ass poetry. I sounds like I'm in pain when I sing it. But I feel so free and awesome for simply finishing it. I love guitar so much.  Affectionately... Anna