         My mom and I went to a different church today, just to check things out. Southside Christian Church, which calls itself "A center for life change" I honestly don't ever care to return. The congregation is huge and the music is really great; but there is so much more to a church than just that. There seemed to be no substance behind the glittzy electric guitar worship songs, no significant message. There was a sermon, I suppose. It outlined this whole system of "necessary" ways to be purposeful. My mom and I are, apparently, not past Step One. This is because we need to Choose to Belong. (Over dramatic rolling of eyes) Puh-lease! Who among us but God Himself can judge where some one is in their faith journey? Not to mention, who can patronize some one else for it? Good grief.   We then ventured to Costco. If you are not a resident of the Northwest, then you have no idea of the beauty you are missing. Costco is a gigantic wonderland of wholesale groceries... 90 oz. bottles of mustard, 24-roll packages of toilet paper, frozen ready-to-serve meals sold in 12 packs. The clincher is the "samples". Now, you may have experienced samples in your local grocery store, and I can attest that you have no idea how amazing they can be. All the new foods and all the old favorites are cooked and served for your sampling pleasure. Its is beautiful.   The clincher for my parents is the monumental savings. Books are pretty decently priced. I FINALLY got my own copy of "Live From New York", because I am too cheap to buy the hardcover one. When we were on a quest for my favorite vegan bread, my mom caught up with an old friend. It seems like half of Spokane was, at one point, my mom's dearest friend. This woman was quite sweet, although she talked with my mom for a small eternity. While they discussed the finer points of my genetics ("Her eyes are like John's, Sue, but she has your face...") I met her utterly good looking son. He was wearing a "The Ataris" t-shirt, but I can forgive that. Why is it that every guy I have sincere interest in either lives in Cheney or goes to U-High?   Affectionately... Anna