         So, I guess I catch a lot of crap for being Vegan. Whatever. It's my choice, and I guess I 'choose' the consequences. Mostly it's teasing comments from friends and family; nothing that really makes me feel anything other than irritation.  No more!  I have described before the lame, tries-too-hard wrestler in my photography, math, and science classes. He annoys to beyond belief, beyond control. Me! I get along with everybody, and not in a good way. I will absolutely go out of my way to make others feel even minutely comfortable. I get some sick, sadistic pleasure out of it... some weird "martyr" thing. But he makes me want to vomit. Really. I have never introduced myself to him, never initiated a conversation with him. And I never ever will. He wears totally perverse t-shirts with completely degrading innuendo on them, often will dress in head to toe is roadsign yellow, and talks in this voice... shudder. To sum up; I can't recall ever meeting a more irritating person.   During sixth period science, he came and sat down next to myself and three other girls. He didn't exactly talk to us, but he was looking through this (sick, inhumane, nauseating) rifle catalogue. We ignored him, being productive little Brains who choose to further our analysis of the laws of physics instead of engage with him. But he started telling us how "cool" the guns were, etc. How they were sure to get "a lot of game".  Me: Guns are not cool. Guns kill. Death it not cool. Animal Murderer/Freak: What? No way. Hunting is a sport. Me: Do the animals get rifles too? I don't think so. Hunting is murder. A.M./Freak: God, you're a BITCH!  [The second time in my life I have been called that. Several people looked at me.]  Me: Grow up. A.M./Freak: So, do you think paintballin' is wrong too? Huh? Huh? Me: Get a fucking hint... I'm too 'bitchy' to talk with you.   I would cry, but I am too mad to cry. Where the hell does he get off calling me a bitch? I handled the situation completely inarticulately, and I felt like I had the word 'BITCH' tattooed across my forehead the rest of the day. I mean, what am I supposed to reply to something like that?   So, anyway (in  that  tone of voice) Umm, maybe Robin and I just had a very monumental conversation? Yes; yes we have. If I start wearing things made of hemp and constistantly listen to "No Woman, No Cry" don't be too surprised.  Affectionately... Anna