         In AP World History on Friday I sighed in the form of a sentence; "I just get so worked up about school projects. And then they are due, and they turn out perfectly well and I feel like such an idiot. I just get so stressed out over them."  "No you don't."   I will give you a million dollars who said that. Yes, yes-- Adrienne. I have been trying since last year to like this person; to find something to appreciate about her. She is smart (yes, but she flaunts it and her handwriting is awful) She doesn't care what people think about her (at the expense of other people's feelings) She is consistant (-ly mean) About the only thing I can think to honestly admire about her is that she managed to get through varsity tennis last year, despite my old pal Mr. Grab Ass was her coach.  She reminds me of girls from my second grade class, Ali and Jessica. They called me their best friend but they used to make me cry every single lunch-recess. It was such an impure friendship. I was always crying. They were always being mean. But you could bet that by Free Time at the end of the school day, I would have weasled my way back to them. The only thing I got out of that friendship was a lot tissue-paper colleague's.  She wrote this note to me the third week of school. I keep it in my Bible. That's sort of my way of keeping it safe, so I don't rip it up the next time she says, "Anna, you're a loser."   Anna- You are such a cool person and I am so glad that you have become my friend. You're so smart and so funny and you seem like such a passionate person. I'm so impressed with your involvement in politics and world affairs, even f we don't understand each other. I know I can sound sarcastic and bratty sometimes, but I don't want you to take it personally. I'm not always careful about what comes out of my mouth!!  Love, Adrienne P.S. John Mayor is cool... Proverbs 30:31 Luke 12: 23-27   So now I feel bad again for not liking her. But being friends with Adrienne is like hugging a cactus. Affectionately... Anna