         So what does it mean when I am once again confused and angered at the world of PBS cartoons? Yes; I spent a listless afternoon babysitting. Only three months and I can get a real job, where I am paid over five dollars and hour and don't have to watch cartoons about Asian-feline fun.   Yesterday, however, was lovely. Robin got her nose pierced at the another hidden gem in the rough of Spokane... "Ring of Fire". They pierce everything from your belly button to your  hand webbing  (I know!) Collectively, the store owns a pet iguana in a large cage with a heat lamp. Odd, and yet fantastic. Robin, did not cry or scream or do anything similar to what my reaction to a nose-intrusion would have been. From payment, instruction and procedure, it was all finished inside of fifteen minutes.   After meeting Leigh at Nordstrom, we again ogled over our former-English-student-teacher, who just so happens to work in Shoes. The mall was begin decked out for Santa's arrival, but we pushed threw the crowds are purchased the Violet hair dye. As we were getting into the car, I saw something stranger than an iguana is a piercing salon. Reindeer on leashes, being walked by two middle aged women. We stared, dumbfounded, until they joined the large precession of people marching to the park for the lighting ceremony.   We returned home to Robin's. We sat in the small upstairs bathroom. I requested some Kweller for our own little ceremony... the pissing off of Anna's father ceremony. We found that the dye smelt distinctly like grape-flavored Dymmatap. Much time was spent fussing over my hair and the placement of dye ( the ends only! in the back  ! ) After I was tinfoiled up like some baked potato, we let it stay for the expanse of Saving Silverman.   We washed it out in the bathtub, momentarily turned the white porcelain to a deep purple. And then, the moment of truth.   "Before you look it the mirror, Anna, I just want to tell you-- its not..."   Purple. It was not purple. At all. It was the same color as it had been before. Exactly the same shade of black-brown. We dried it, and it remained unchanged. However, if the light catches it right, you can see the violet shade I'd be promised. And I found that I prefer this to blatant, "I'm a rebel!"-dyed hair. You have to look closer to see that my hair is unique, that it is defiant. My hair now showcases myself.   Affectionately... Anna