          SURRENDER   When most people think of the word surrender, they immediately visualize a white flag being waved.  It is indicative of giving up or being a loser.  In Western Culture surrender is synonomous with weakness in a arena where only winners are strong and celebrated.  People don't want to surrender.  We are taught to fight, to win - at all costs.  Yet I would argue to say that there is strength in surrender.   Imagine that you have fallen into a lake or the sea and you begin fighting to stay above the water.  You kick and scream and flail your arms, yet all you seem to do is sink and swallow water.  In a short time, if you continue with this approach, you will drown.  However, if you lean back and relax, you will find that you will float on the surface of the water as the current eventually carries you to the shore.  In this instance, surrender is a good thing while fighting is a bad thing.  Perhaps you know someone who has worked hard all their life, fighting and struggling to make a living only to be diagnosed with an illness such as cancer later in life.  When threatened with impending death, they had to make changes in their lifestyle.  They may have had to quit working so hard or so much.  They may have been required to change their eating and drinking habits and make time for exercise.  They find themselves paying attention to thoughts and feelings that they have been running from for years.  They realize that it's just as easy to say a kind word about someone or something as it is to be critical.  If they made these changes, their health may improved or perhaps they were able to find peace in their final moments and make their transition with grace.  We grow up by learning to control the people and situations in our lives.  As babies, we learn to cry when we are hungry or uncomfortable and then become confused when we can no longer have our needs met by crying as we grow older.  We may feel that we must say certain things or act in a certain way to please others or get what we need.  We may feel we have to be someone else in order to make someone like us or love us or be accepted.  However, if we try to manipulate the people in our lives, they will never truly love or accept us and, more importantly, we will never truly love or accept ourselves.    Sometimes we experience conflict with others or organizations and we feel we must hold a grudge out of principle than to let it go for our own emotional and mental health.  In addition to the damage this does to our mind and spirit, it also manifests in our bodies as muscle tension and high blood pressure.  In time, it will eat away at our bodies and maifest as dis-ease unless we learn to give up  or surrender our grudge. We fear that if we forgive someone that we lose or present ourselves as weak.  We are afraid that we are holding up a white flag of surrender.  In reality, it takes a lot of strength to let something go.  We choose our battles and how we choose to use our natural resources, and yes, peace of mind is a natural resource.  When we continue to maintain hard feelings at someone or some situation, we continue to allow them to control us and they win.  We don't forgive others in order to prevent ourselves from being hurt again, but in reality, we just continue to allow us to hurt ourselves.  Sometimes we have been trying to control situations for so long that we don't know how to let go.  Any other way to handle the situation seems uncomfortable or scarey because we have been living in such an unhealthy way for so long.  Pain is the only thing an abused puppy knows until it experiences loving treatment.  Sometimes we have to start where we can and that may just be the effort of be willing to surrender another person or situation to the universe.  When we get out of the way and allow a higher power to handle things in a way that it sees fit, miraculous results can occur.  It takes courage to practice the art of surrender.  Do you feel brave today?  If not, are you willing to be brave today?  What are you holding on inside of you that you can give up today?   Toolbox   Just for today, give up the need to control other people and situations.  Simply observe the world around you without judgment and notice what is going on inside you.  What are you feeling?  What are you thinking?  What are you doing?  Can you allow yourself to just be... even for a moment?  Practice closing your eyes and focus on your breathing.  Consciously give yourself permission to let everything go and just allow yourself the luxury of being at peace with yourself for a few moments.  When you feel at peace, open your eyes and bring this sense of serenity back to the everyday world with you.  Repeat as needed.  Make a list of the people or situations that you are trying to control or make happen in your life.  Read the list to yourself and say, "I'm willing to surrender these people and situations to the universe."  Rip up the piece of paper and throw it away.   Affirmation    Today I am willing to surrender everything to Spirit and I am at peace.