Have you ever had a time when your significant other treated you like a goddess (or god)?  Welcome to my Saturday night!!  Of course, I think it was because of my hair.  Let me explain: Yesterday, I had a hair appointment - touch up my highlights and a cut.  Well, the place I go to always straightens my hair before they cut it.  It's just something they do.  My hair is naturally wavy with a side of frizziness that Chris is always commenting on.  So when I emerge with straight-as-a-board blond hair, his heart went a flutter.  He treated me like a queen the rest of the day - not that he treats me like a slave girl any other time.  Of course, I may have to start straightening my hair more often.  I'll leave out all the details, but let's say no one had trouble falling asleep!  But to bring your mind out of the gutter for a moment, I'll tell you about our evening after we left the hair salon.  We walked from 32nd Street btw 5th Ave and Madison over to 40th Street and 7th Ave (I think) to go to Midtown Comics.  Low and behold who do we run into but Chris's sister, Cindy, and her boyfriend, John.  Hugs, hello's & comic book discussions ensued and then we all headed over to 9th Avenue for a food festival!!  Yum!!  They, of course, have every kind of food at these festivals and wouldn't you know it we found a place (The Delta Grill on 48th & 9th) that was selling boiled crawfish and crawfish ettoufee.  Yes, we got one of each and beer.  Unfortunately, the boiled crawfish were tiny and it was bland as all get out, but it was nice to be able to peel and suck a few on the streets of Manhattan.  After our mudbug orgy, Chris and I walked back to Times Square and headed home.  Great day!!  Now, for the exciting part of today:  BRIDGET IS ON HER WAY TO NYC!!!  Her first time to come visit and I'm meeting her at the airport at 4 pm.  I'm very excited!!  Unfortunately, I need to get off my ass and get busy cleaning this place.  Too much playing around yesterday leads to hurried cleaning today.  My apartment isn't too, too bad, but it's certainly not spotless.  Wish me luck!  Oh!  I went back to the Haloscan comments because I didn't want to loose what everyone has contributed, so comment away!!