Too busy to post yesterday from work and I couldn’t access the site once I got home, so here I am today with the updates you’ve all been waiting for: We are now the proud owners of Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, the extended edition. Who’d have guessed? Probably anyone who knows Chris, that’s who. We had a good weekend. We watched 28 Days Later on Friday night and just hung out and ate popcorn. On Saturday, we headed to Best Buy to pick up our latest round of DVDs. On Sunday, Amanda and I went to Union Square to the Christmas Market. I got a new scarf, which is just the coolest. I also got this little herbal heat/cold pack that I’ll probably give as a Christmas gift to one of my grandparents. Then we went down toward Houston Street to watch the cute guys playing street hockey. So worth the time! Last night, I realize that I hadn’t done my Thanksgiving shopping for Thursday, so it looks like I’ll be running around looking for a turkey breast today and maybe tomorrow. If I can’t find a turkey breast, then we’ll be having ham. Every year before this, Chris has always gotten a turkey from the hotel. I wonder how much this is going to cost? I wrote that last little bit yesterday, so I can now tell you that a 5 lb. turkey breast cost just under $10. And let me just say that pine nuts are quite expensive! My recipe calls for a mixture of pine nuts and slivered almonds. I found the pine nuts, but I still have to go get everything else for my Thanksgiving meal.  I can’t help but feel like I’m stuck in a state of frustration these days. It comes from many angles, most which I cannot openly pinpoint on this public blog. Into my private journals they will go. I’ll be going home in just under 1 month. Yeah! I’m looking forward to it, but I also don’t like flying alone. Not much I can do for that though. I hate leaving Chris behind, but at the same time, I can’t let a free ticket home go to waste – not that I want to! I think my plan this time around is to take as many pictures with our digital camera as possible. I’ll bring our video camera, but I want lots of digital pics!  On Monday’s AP: Border agents last week landed a meaty bust, seizing 756 pounds of bologna arranged into the shape of a car seat and covered with blankets in a man's pickup.  Also, Media mogul Ted Turner has taken a small step to demonstrate his belief that women should run the world because men have "mucked it up" with too much warfare and military spending.  I first read this yesterday evening and I’m not sure exactly what to say about it except, maybe that’s what he deserved. See for yourself: PARTICIPANT AT KKK INITIATION WOUNDED AFTER SHOTS FIRED INTO SKY. JOHNSON CITY, Tennessee (AP) -- A bullet fired in the air during a Ku Klux Klan initiation ceremony came down and struck a participant in the head, critically injuring him, authorities said. Gregory Allen Freeman, 45, was charged with aggravated assault and reckless endangerment in the Saturday night incident that wounded Jeffery S. Murr, 24. About 10 people, including two children, had gathered for the ceremony. The man who was being initiated was blindfolded, tied with a noose to a tree and shot with paintball guns as Freeman fired a pistol in the air to provide the sound of real gunfire, Sheriff Fred Phillips said. A bullet struck Murr on the top of the head and exited at the bottom of his skull, authorities said. Freeman fled the ceremony but was arrested near his home, authorities said. He was released on $7,500 bail. (courtesy CNN.com)