Another rainy day. Yuk! Good news is that Mom is doing well after her surgery. I’m hoping that they eventually give her solid foods or she might get cranky. I know I would. This morning as I’m trying to get Chris out of bed to go to work, he tells me that I’m being mean to him. However, he didn’t mention how nice I was to him the prior 3 times the alarm went off. I even scratched his back on the 3rd attempt to get him up. I’m a little hurt.  I was reading a story in the Offbeat News section of CNN.com about new protests against Naked Sushi night at a restaurant called Banzai in Seattle. A model wears nothing but a thong and a couple of strategically placed flower petals. Plastic wrap is then placed over her torso and then the sushi is placed on the plastic. This little event takes place once a month at the restaurant. I’m totally sure how I feel about this issue. The protestors argue that this degrades women and will promote violence against women. On the flip side, the restaurant and patrons alike claim that this is a work of art.  Seems that some children in Brooklyn found a US Army issued missile launcher in a trash can in their neighborhood. An adult took it away from them and dropped it off at a police station. Luckily, the thing was inoperable, but could you imagine?!?  Of course, were would we be without the shock of the day: millionaire Robert Durst was found not guilty of murdering 71-year-old Morris Black of Galveston, TX. He actually admitted to killing him, hacking his body up into pieces and then throwing them into Galveston Bay. He then fled from Texas and returned to move the head since he thought it could be used to identify the victim. After doing that, he winds up in Pennsylvania with $500 in his pocket but steals a $5 sandwich. Caught, extradited to Texas and the rest is history. The catch is that the jury was asked to find him guilty or not guilty of murder – and no lesser charge. The defense claims that Durst killed Black in self-defense. The jury agreed. They couldn’t really take into account the actions of Durst after Black was killed only that he died as a result of an accident and it was not intentional. Talk about shock and surprise! Even Durst couldn’t believe it! How often does someone kill someone else, admit to killing them & dismembering the body and get away with it? I mean, I can see how he got off on technicality and to be quite honest, I almost think it was brilliant of his lawyers to take that gamble, but it was just that – a big gamble that ended up paying off.  Oh! And I learned a new term: BIN (booger in nose)