This has been the longest 5 days in my entire life!! I’m so glad this week is over! I’m mentally drained from it all. OK, so no harping on the grief for now. I need to be in better spirits. I have a long night ahead of me. It’s harder for me to stay up late on Friday nights because I get up so early to get ready for work. I’m looking forward to that 2nd wind later today. Unfortunately, I won’t get off in time to go to the airport with Chris & Cindy to pick up Cacky. For now, the plans are to meet up around 7 pm at Cindy’s apartment. We’re going out to eat at a place called The Copper Kettle and then we’ll go to Tailor’s Hall for drinks afterwards. I’m sticking to my usual beer regiment so that I won’t puke all day long tomorrow. On Saturday, we’ll go shopping. We’ll end up at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater for a couple of shows later Saturday night. Can’t stay out too late Saturday because Chris has to be at work at 7 am Sunday.   A commuter’s tale: I was on the subway yesterday on my way home from work. The train was packed and I was standing, holding onto a bar. Whoever was driving the train must like to watch people jerk back and forth – that’s the conclusion most of us came to anyway. We were in the tunnel beneath the East River on our way to Queens when we suddenly jerked to a halt. At first, I was still standing and then someone started to fall. It was like this whole domino affect and the lady standing next to me was about 3 times my size. I think I hurt my right kidney. I later slammed into her when the train conduction jerked to a halt again just before Queensboro Plaza. Luckily, everyone was in a good mood and there were no words exchanged, which is a rarity here in the Big Apple.  I’m not even sure exactly what category this next bit falls into, but for weeks, newspapers have declared they know a dark rumor about the British royal family that could bring the monarchy down —but they could not print it because of Britain’s tight libel laws. The bomb finally looked set to go off this week, when the Mail said it was ready to print a 3,000-word scoop based on the testimony of an ex-royal servant — but was blocked at the last minute when another former servant sued. (courtesy of MSNBC.com) So there’s all of this brouhaha of what Prince Charles did, but denies doing, but no one will say what he did or didn’t do. Confusing!! And in Malaysia, the government will restrict the importation or publishing of books judged to be too scary because they could be a bad influence, a minister said. The restrictions would apply to books with elements of mystery, fantasy, the occult and superstition that were "calculated to entertain by frightening" the reader, Deputy Home Minister Chor Chee Heung was quoted as saying Thursday in The Star newspaper. "These materials will create an unhealthy picture on the minds of the readers, and influence them by such far-fetched ghostly stories," Chor was quoted as saying. Turns out that all media is high censored in Malaysia. (courtesy AP)