And the frustration continues. What good can I do from here? What good would I be if I were there? As it is, I feel like I’m chasing something that doesn’t want to be found to begin with; something that doesn’t want to see or talk to me. I find it strange and discomforting. It’s never quite been like this before. I know things are rough right now and will be rough for a while. Why do I feel like I need to help fix this situation? Human nature, I guess. I obviously can’t do a thing for anyone from here. So I’ve decided to call in some reinforcements. I need someone with more experience, more understanding with words of encouragement & Yaya wisdom. I need someone who has been in rough spots herself. And then all I can do is cut the cord, so to speak, and wait because that’s all I’m really allowed to do from here. Helplessness sucks. It would be so empowering to say that I’d NEVER allow myself to feel this way again, but let’s face it; I didn’t really have a choice in this matter to begin with. Why is it when we’re upset we shut everyone we love out of the picture? Why can’t I be in 2 places at once?  Alas, I cannot help heal the world when it wants to hurt and needs to hurt. All I can do is be here to help pick up the pieces when the time comes to move forward. God, please give us the strength and patience to get through the rough seasons of our lives.  So on a lighter note: In the news: The Defense Dept. has settled a lawsuit with Linda Tripp for $595,000 for a Privacy Act violation. The 1974 Privacy Act prohibits the government from releasing unauthorized personal information about individual Americans to nonfederal organizations. Lucky duck! In hopes of adding excitement to its patrons' nightlife, The Cutting Room, a bar in New York City, is mixing drinks with Nexcite, a Swedish import marketed as an herbal aphrodisiac. I’ll take some libido on the rocks, please! On Netscape.com, I read about 20 kooky ways to save money. Whoever wrote this article is obviously smoking crack. Check it out for yourself at http://www.bankrate.com/nsc/news/cheap/20031024a1.asp