I started thinking about the movie Fight Club after an earlier conversation with a co-worker. Then I started thinking about what a Single Serving Friend is. Then I thought about my latest Single Serving Friend. Ernest, I think his name was. I met him on the flight from Atlanta, GA to Alexandria, La. He was going to Natchitoches, coincidentally, to see his daughter, Erica (we'll call her), for her 18th birthday. He began telling me how she didn't finish high school and quit in like either the 9th grade or 11th grade. She now works for a small local fast food joint. My new friend, Ernest, has been trying to convince his daughter to come visit him and his family in either Boston or Germany. A little history: Ernest and this woman were never married and he is now remarried and living in Boston. His new wife is German and they go back to Germany occasionally. Anyway, I was telling him how I'm glad that I got out of Natchitoches for a bit. Even if I eventually ended up there, life is certainly worth the experiences. You can always go back home, but some opportunities won't wait on you.   So I told Ernest how I thought leaving was one of the best things I ever did. Not the easiest, but it has helped my grow in these 2 1/2 short years that I've been here. I certainly enjoy going home and I certainly wish I could be there more often for all of the little things, but what can I do really. I go home as much as I absolutely can. I enjoy every minute of it because I know I have to tell them all goodbye at the airport. Airports make me cry. I'm usually teary-eyed for the first leg of the trip, which is only an hour long. But it's a new year (almost) and new vacation days are coming - except the ones that I "borrowed" to go home for Christmas.  By the way, New Year's is tomorrow night. I am not going to Times Square in case you were wondering. And I know you were. Last year, Chris's parent were here, so it was fun to go out. This year, Chris is working and Cindy has a date. Dick Clark, here I come baby!! It's you and me this year! If I can stay awake that long.