Though yesterday ended better than it started off, I'm back in my dreary mood today. (You would have known all about that already if my stupid email hadn't gotten lost along the way) But luckily, I was finally able to access one of my favorite blogs:   becca.oooo-caliente . Due to our company firewall, it wasn't letting me view her site, but thanks to some karmic slip - I'M IN!! Woo hoo!! I've missed her blog! Thankfully, I'm still able to access blogs for Court & Oz, so I'm up to date on their happenings in France & London, respectively. Now if only I could get to BigWhiteGuy from work.  Well, I've decided that I would've never made it if I lived in Mauritana back in the day: Obesity is so revered among Mauritania's white Moor Arab population that the young girls are sometimes force-fed to obtain a weight the government has described as "life-threatening". (courtesy   BBCnews.com ) I still weigh the same as I did when I graduated high school, so I'm afraid that I would have been kicked and spit on - and very poor. Thank goodness we live in a society that idolizes skinny bitches!  Wow! It's snowing! It stopped. It's snowing again! And it stopped again. Make up your mind Mother Nature!! I'll have to change the beat of the music playing in my head to keep up with the changing weather. (from Norah Jones to Black Eyed Peas) OK, now where were we? Oh! This past weekend, Chris bought me How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days. It's so nice that he thought about me! Especially when he bought himself 4 more DVDs. Well, at least he thought about me. Point is, it's a really good movie and I so wish my life here in NYC was more like that: parties every night, flexible work hours, great clothes, Knicks tickets, diamonds the size of brussel sprouts dangling from my neck . . . Ah! Tis the life!!  Interesting website that I got off of Oz's blog. Check out   FactCheck.org  if you've ever questioned claims made by any and all political bigwigs. Yes, they rip on both Republican and Democrat alike.    Unconscious Mutterings    Political:: Pig  Concentration:: my forehead hurts  Fish:: makes him sick  Lunacy:: everyone I know  Red:: sweater day  Imply:: just say it, damn it!  Recognize:: but what is your name again?  Sexist:: most men I meet in bars  Commercial:: money  Stricken:: sick or poor