So we all know the pros and cons of Bush's State of the Union Address last night, right? Right. Why is it that politics can get people so fired up and that they feel the need to try to make me see their point of view? I used to be interested in doing something political. I remember going to the State Capital in Baton Rouge on a class field trip and loving it. Dreamed of one day working in that grand ole building. I don't know, one day I think it would once again be fun to work in the Capital, but I just can't stand all of the BS that goes along with it.   It looks like Louisiana's wetlands will have a new spokesman:   SNL's Mr. Bill . The effort to save Louisiana's eroding coast is about to get a new catchphrase: "Ohh nooo!!!" (courtesy CNN.com) Mr. Bill, SNL's clay character from the 1970s will be part of a campaign aimed at educating people, children especially, how Louisiana is losing its coastal marshes and swamps.   Excerpts from the   Northwestern State University crime blotter  in Natchitoches, Louisiana.  Just goes to show you that not much is happening. (courtesy currentsauce.com)   12-11-03   6:40 p.m.  A student from Rapides called and complained that residents were smoking marijuana in a room on the 4th floor of the south hall. The room was unoccupied, but it was speculated that students were using the room to do drugs. A statement was taken from the RA, and no drug paraphernalia was found at that time.   10:11 p.m.  Two NSU students were caught engaging in "extracurricular" activities inside their car in the tennis court parking lot. They were advised of university policies and left campus.    12-12-03   10:49 a.m.  A call was made from the Columns regarding a young man in possession of a gun removing the weapon from the couch and proceeding to take it in to his bedroom.    12-13-03   12:04 p.m.  A wreck on Tarlton Dr. did not result in any serious injuries, but one victim was transported to the Natchitoches Parish Hospital by request.   3:18 p.m.  A female tried to run over a male at the light on College and Caspari in front of the flower shop.   12-14-03  2:53 a.m.  The TKE's were told to leave their house.   5:21 p.m  An Iberville worker called to report students having a food fight.    Check out this link for an   SNL opening  hosted by Robert Deniro.