Today isn't as cold as it was this weekend (36 today). Thank you God! Unfortunately, it will get cold again this Wednesday. Darn. In order to keep our apartment at a comfortable temperature, I have to close off the bedroom to save heat. On top of that, I keep hearing a noise in our walls that sounds like something is falling. I think it's the plaster from an apartment above ours (I blame it on Sergio). I hope the whole thing doesn't come crashing down on top of us one day. That would suck a big one. Chris and I cleaned out our front closet last night. It used to have 15 boxes of things we've been lugging around from apartment to apartment without anywhere to display. We threw out most of it. We set aside 3 boxes of "stuff" and 2 bags of clothes to go to Goodwill. Now there are only 5 boxes left in that closet. It's so nice! Next weekend, we're doing the middle closet - only 3 boxes. I blame it on TLC's Clean Sweep marathon that ran on New Year's Day.  By the way, if you'd like to see a very clear picture of Chris's red fleur-de-lis tattoo, go to   and then click on the Tattoo & Press link on the left and then click on the Color Work link on the right. Chris's should be the first one up (he got it in July 2003). Hard to miss. It's a big red fleur-de-lis. If you're in NYC and thinking about getting a tattoo, I highly recommend Pon. His work is amazing! And he's worth every penny. And, no, it doesn't hurt a bit. And if you believe that, you're a dumbass. I have a 4x3 inch black shaded fleur-de-lis in the lower middle of my back. I got it on my 23rd birthday. Hurt like hell.  Today, Kathleen Blanco was sworn in as Louisiana's first woman governor. She took the oath in both English and French.   It seems that Martha Stewart is posting about her trials and tribulations on her website www.marthatalks.com  .  Now, I wasn't planning to comment on this story and yet, I really couldn't pass it up. This guy in Germany posted an ad on the Internet seeking someone who was willing to be killed and eaten. One such man replied to the ad. The only thing, according to his partner, is that he "never expressed any desire to die." However, according to Mr. Cannibal, he "wanted to be stabbed to death after drinking a bottle of cold medicine to lose consciousness." (courtesy CNN.com) Hmmm. It would appear we have a conflict of interest in this case. Mr. Cannibal was interested in eating willing participants, but Mr. Victim was only interested in being slaughtered after Robotripping. (see my previous posts about robotripping)  On this day in 1915: The US House of Representatives rejected a proposal to give women the right to vote. (courtesy NYTimes.com)