We're finally doing our gift exchange with Cindy & Jackson today. We got Cindy a DVD player and a movie. We got Jackson a move, a game for his Game Boy Advance, a kit for his Game Boy Advance with: a magnifier, cleaner, case, extra battery. While we were at Best Buy last night, we (of course) got ourselves 4 more DVDs to add to our ever-growing collection. Last night's choices were: Underworld, American Wedding (the unrated version), Alex & Emma (my choice), and XMen 2.  I read on WNBC.com that a man fell asleep on the E train and woke up with a steak knife sticking out of his chest. Holy Crap!! I will NEVER fall asleep on the subway!! Not that I've ever been able to. And then I read a story about a couple of pranksters who tapped into the frequency used by a local Burger King speaker that is used when ordering in the drive-thru lane. When someone orders a whopper, for instance, they yell at the customer and tell them they are too fat and to pull up to the window. Though these guys are cussing at customers, I must admit that it's a little funny. Who would have thought of tapping into the speaker's frequency?   And now, a littly funny: 20 Clues A Woman Should Call It A Night  1. I have absolutely no idea where my purse is. 2. I believe that dancing with my arms overhead and wiggling my butt while yelling WOO-HOO is truly the sexiest dance move around. 3. I've suddenly decided I want to kick someone's ass and honestly believe I could do it too. 4. In my last trip to "pee" I realize I now look more like Tammy Faye Baker than the goddess I was just four hours ago. 5. I drop my 3:00 am. submarine on the floor (which I'm eating even though I'm not the least bit hungry), pick it up and carry on eating it. 6. I start crying and telling everyone I see that I love them sooooo much. 7. There are less than three hours before I'm due to start work. 8. I've found a deeper/spiritual side to the geek sitting next to me. 9. The man I'm flirting with used to be my 5th grade teacher. 10. The urge to take off articles of clothing, stand on a table and sing or dance becomes strangely overwhelming. 11. My eyes just don't seem to want to stay open on their own so I keep them half closed and think it looks exotically sexy. 12. I've suddenly taken up smoking and become really good at it. 13. I yell at the bartender, who (I think) cheated me by giving me just lemonade, but that's just because I can no longer taste the gin. 14. I think I'm in bed, but my pillow feels strangely like the kitchen floor. 15. I start every conversation with a booming, "DON'T take this the WRONG WAY but.." 16. I fail to notice that the toilet lid's down when I sit on it. 17. My hugs begin to resemble wrestling takedown moves. 18. I'm tired so I just sit on the floor (wherever I happen to be standing) and take a quick nap. 19. I begin leaving the buttons open on my button fly pants to cut down on the time I'm in the bathroom away from my drink. 20. I take my shoes off because I believe it's their fault that I'm having problems walking straight.