Get ready everyone, I feel the need to jump atop my soapbox: Some of these people that I work with really freaking irk me! Let's take the issue of covering the phones as an example. There are 7 assistants sitting along my row. Of all 7, the 2 whose bosses needed the phones covered until 5 pm on days before & after holidays, well, these are the 2 who either skipped out early or just didn't show up at all. Alright, that's all I can really say about that even though I'd love to go into a rant, but alas, people I work with occasionally read my blog and I must keep things nice and rosy. Peachy f*cking keen. Not to mention those who rudely interrupt me while I'm talking and act as if they've done nothing wrong and I'm just sitting here twiddling my thumbs waiting for them to come and talk to me. (Example #2) Oh, and THE PRINCESS! (Example #3) Her voice will forever grate on my nerves as she retells each story 3 or 4 times or the way she keeps interrupting to ask questions when someone else is talking. You totally lose the point of the f*cking story! Anal! Anal! Anal! Anal! Ok, time to carefully step off the soapbox so I don't fall and kill myself.  So, in today's news: Wisconsin town rings in New Year with   toilet bowl parade  complete with a giant throne and plunger scepters. (courtesy ABCnews.com)  Oh, and in case you haven't already heard, Britney Spears is now working to annul her new marriage to her lifelong friend from Kentwood, La. She says it all began as a joke that went too far. I think it probably all began with too much alcohol. Well, at least some guy back in Kentwood can claim that he's been married to Britney. Even if it was for only 24 hours or however long it took them to sober up.  And then there's the case of the Crocodile Hunter who went to work feeding hungry crocodiles with his 1-month-old son held next to his side. Maybe I'm wrong (and I don't mean to bring up MJ again), but I'm more worried about MJ dropping his child off a balcony than I am about the Crocodile Hunter bringing his kid to work with him. Oh yeah, the Crocodile Hunter is upset about the connection made between MJ and himself.  From News of the Weird: * In October, San Francisco artist Jonathon Keats, 32, registered his brain as a sculpture and began selling futures contracts on its six billion neurons, offering buyers the rights to any creative products it might produce if science learns how to keep it alive after his death. He also wrote a prospectus for investors, with MRI scans showing the idea-fertility of various brain areas. For now, he is selling inexpensive options ($10) to buy a million neurons for $10,000 when he dies; he sold 71 the first day.  * California Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante (runner-up to Arnold Schwarzenegger in the October recall election) is not the family's only public figure. As the San Francisco Chronicle reported in September, his sister Nao Bustamante, 39, is a prominent performance artist whose work includes (1) wearing a strap-on burrito for men to kneel before and bite in order to absolve themselves of "500 years of white man's guilt" and (2) sticking her head into a plastic bag filled with water and tying it around her neck to resemble a Houdini stunt, to create "an urgent situation to respond to."  From Smiley Anders from the   Baton Rouge Advocate : Giving 'em hell: LeRoy tells of the time Boudreaux was showing Thibodeaux around his new neighborhood when they came upon two beautiful churches directly across the street from each other. Thibodeaux asked why there were two churches so close together and Boudreaux explained that they had different beliefs. He explained it this way: "The church on the left says there ain't no hell, and the church on the right says the hell there ain't."