!!!HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAY RUTHIE!!!  (My mother-in-law or Daisie as we like call her)  I didn't blog yesterday after work because Olivia, Chris & I went to see  The Passion of the Christ  and I certainly recommend watching it.  It was bloody & gory, but not overly done.  It may make you reflect a bit, but why shouldn't it?  I don't want to give away the movie, so I'll try to wait to post about it.  I was supposed to go to the movies with Amanda today, but we were late getting there and it was sold out before we could make it halfway through the line at the boxoffice.  We're trying again tomorrow at 3:30 pm and I've already reserved tickets on   Fandango .  If you live in a smaller city, you might not need Fandango, but on an opening weekend for one of the most hyped-up movies of all times in NYC, Fandango is a necessity.  Since Amanda & I didn't go to the movies, we went shopping.  She had never been to Steinway Street here in Astoria. (She lives in Sunnyside)  Steinway has all of the shops: Express, Victoria Secret, Gap, Gap Kids, The Children's Shop, Foot Locker, Modell's, Goodwill, Salvation Army, etc.  I'm surprised that I didn't spend more than I did - I'm very proud of myself.  We stopped by the party supply store and I bought myself some purple feathers and a glue gun.  This guy at work keeps stealing my pens, so I'm going to decorate my pen with feathers and see if he steals it again.  Chris played paintball today with some of his friends.  On the way out of the city, a city bus sideswipped their car and then took off.  A second car was following the car Chris was in and they flagged down the bus.  Not sure what all happened with that.  They still played paintball even though some of their backs were hurting.  He called just after 5pm from Hooters; I guess they're not hurting too bad.   Saturday's Links  Cool link for you:    The Man Project .  Not that you can very much with it, but it is so very cool.  Funky (and funny) album covers from yesteryear -   click here .  What were they thinking?  And why live your day when you can simulate it?  Click   here .  Awesome, isn't it?  I had 2 bowls of cereal - since it's simulated, I don't have to worry about simulated weight gain, now do I?  And I also drove fast since I don't have to worry about any simulated cops giving me simulated tickets.  OK, must hop off the computer so Chris can download pictures from today's festivities.  Hopefully back later . . .