Damn our IT department!!  They keeping blocking my posts that I email to myself from work.  Damn them.  Anyway, on Tuesday night, Chris and I met up with 3 others that he worked with at The Essex House: Burn, Ana & Michael.  We had dinner at Peter Luger's Steakhouse in Brooklyn.  This place is well known in these parts for being an incredible place and I must second that, but let me tell you about the adventure we had the other night.  7:35 pm-Burn meets Chris & me on the corner on the way to the subway. 7:45-we're sitting on the subway going into Manhattan where we transfer to the J train at Canal Street. 8:20-sitting on the J train going over the bridge into Brooklyn (the train goes above the river here because the bedrock is too deep; nice view of the city). 8:40-we finally make it to Peter Luger's after walking about 3 blocks from the train; meet Ana & Michael. 8:45 pm-this is our reservation time, which we spend crammed in the bar along with everyone else who has made reservations tonight.  Have some beer and duck when the waiters come by with trays of steaming, hot, sizzling steaks & shrimp (we were starving when we left the apt). 9:30-we finally get seated at our table and have dinner: boiled shrimp, tomatoes & onions, rare & med-rare steaks, German fries, creamed spinach, hot fudge sunday, cheesecake.  Damn, there went the diet. 11:20-leave Peter Luger's and try to find a cab.  There are none, so we walk back to the subway happy, drunk and slipping quietly into a steak coma. 11:30pm-hop on the subway which isn't going into Manhattan, but back one stop into Brooklyn where we transfer to go into Manhattan. 11:45-get off the first strain, transfer to another train (F train) because that one wasn't going any further due to construction. Go in the wrong direction - only 1 stop - turn around and go the right way.  We're rocking now!  Unfortunately, we passed Union Square where Ana & Michael needed to get off, but we stop at Herald's Square/34th Street and all go to our respective trains (N train for us). 1 am-we're finally home!  Go straight to bed so that Chris can get up at 5:15 am to be at work at 7 am.  FANTASTIC!