I've heard of people looking for love on the internet, but this website is a touch worrisome.  Simply titled   A Family Proposal , I wonder what kind of people are actually interested in something like this.  I'm sure there are plenty who have responded in earnest, but my response to that is: What the f*ck?!?  As many times as I've emailed my fantastic blog to myself so that I could post, it keeps getting lost along the way.  Seems that someone in our IT department at work sucks.  Luckily, I printed it out today and will now post it so I hope that it has the same passion that I had the other day writing it.  If not, blame the IT guy - I am.  So, here goes:  So there's this guy who is so upset with the current presidential administration that he has put a plea out on the Internet to raise enough money to move his wife, child and himself to the Netherlands.  He supplies numbers and percentages of people supporting/against Bush, the economy, job loss, etc., but I don't think all of his facts are straight.  Granted, I voted for Bush in 2000 and I'm not sure how I'll vote in 2004, but I loathe that EVERYTHING gets blamed on Bush and the current administration.  Something tells me that we didn't lose all of those jobs just because Bush is in office.  I agree that the Patriot Act isn't the best solution to today's problems, and yes, we have "lost" certain freedoms that we once took for granted.  I don't think Iraq was as an imminent threat as we were once told, but a threat nonetheless.  And I don't think it would have been long before it would have become an imminent threat.  There has to be some other underlying issue here - perhaps it could have something to do with the former administration, but to be honest, I don't know and I don't care enough to spend all my days combing facts & figures trying to point fingers when finger pointing won't get the job done.  If anything, it feels like the Bush Administration is running this country like a business.  This guy has even gone so far as to imply that Bush will somehow rig the voting machines in the upcoming election since the maker of the machines, Diebold, is a Bush supporter.  So to   Daryl , I say, "Haul your ass to The Netherlands and I don't give a shit how you get there!  You won't get any donations from me.  I had to work hard and save to get myself and all of my shit to NYC, so you can do the same, buddy."  Oh!  And when people tell this guy to just leave the US, his response is, "I always find this to be a strange contradiction for a nation that prides itself on 'satisfaction guaranteed or your money back.'"  Ok, Daryl, are you talking about America or Wal-Mart here?  Strangely, I've never heard of this catchy little national motto he speaks of unless of course I'm standing in line at a store or I've just ordered something AS SEEN ON TV.  I seem to remember America's jingle being something like: IN GOD WE TRUST.  I don't know - call me crazy.