Another Saturday night well spent!  Chris, Cindy (Chris's sister), and her new boyfriend John, & I went to an Italian restaurant and then to the Upright Citizens Brigade last night.  Good time though I must say that the UCB seems to have blown up in popularity since our last visit about a month ago.  Still a good time no matter how many uptight college kids bump into me in line without saying "excuse me."  Before the show started, the 4 of us perused the grocery store next to the theatre where we happened to see a couple of the actors/comedians from the UCB.  One of the guys does spots on VHI for shows like  The 80's Strikes Back  and  The Best Week Ever .  It probably won't be the last time I see these guys since Chris will begin taking improv classes in early March.  He's been wanting to do this for a while, so I'm glad he got off his ass and signed up - oh, that's right, I had to actually sign him up.  Well, close enough.  And now, the list of random links for your viewing pleasure: Your very own   Pimp Cup  - just what every family dinner needs!  I've seen some interesting things posted by the Japanese and I can proudly add this to this to the ever-growing list.  Check out some of the   strangest trucks  on the planet!  If you ever thought your house was messy, please click on this link for what must be the   most cluttered house in America !  I don't understand how someone lives like this.  The sad thing is that I'm sure there are homes that are worse than this.  And now for the   suicidal snowman  - I must admit that I'm getting stircrazy myself with this cold weather.  And let's not leave out those of you looking for additions to your art collection.    Gallery of Original Booty Babe Art  - you know you're curious!  Just go ahead and click on the link.  Ah!  I'm so proud: the   Miss White Trash Beauty Pageant .  Fantastic ladies.  You make us all so proud.  I guess the one positive thing I can point out is that NONE of these ladies are from the Deep South.  Ah!  And some   virtual knee surgery  for your viewing/interactive pleasure!  You get to actually perform the surgery yourself and, for me, find out why I'm not a surgeon making loads of money.  Even though this is animated, it still makes me slightly queasy.  Until tomorrow, kids, Enjoy!!