I'll be back later today to blog after I return from Manhattan. I'm to meet Cindy & Jackson at H&M Clothing Store on 5th Avenue, which is across the street from St. Patrick's Cathedral. Unfortunately, it's butt-ass cold outside and I'm not looking forward to being outside today but I just can't sit home all day today. I HAVE TO get out of my apartment! OK, just talked to Cindy and we're meeting at Ellen's Stardust Diner on the corner of 51st and Broadway, which is the ONLY diner that I can remember where it's located. It's also the diner we ALWAYS go to when someone comes to visit. The wait staff sings during your meals - they're all aspiring actors/actresses hoping to make their big break in the City.  Chris and I have been looking into different locations for our trip, which we've decided to take around our 2-year anniversary in August. So it seems we're looking around the Mediterranean - maybe start in Rome and then see where the winds take us.  On a progressive note, Chris has FINALLY signed up to take classes at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater starting March 7th. His class will be on Sunday evenings.  This is only level 1 and he'll have a few more to go through, but he'll give this one a shot and see how he likes it. Personally, I don't understand how he's not already on stage somewhere. If you've ever met him, you know he's hilarious! By the way, the Upright Citizens Brigade is where Horatio Sanz (of SNL) got his start, among others like Matt Walsh. Oh! Chris dogsat for Adam Sandler the other day at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel. Most of the cast of 50 First Dates were at the hotel for a press junket. Chris says they're all really nice - especially Adam Sandler and Rob Schneider. Points in our books, boys, points in our books.  This week's   Unconscious Mutterings  I say ... and you think ... ?   1. Dragon :: China 2. Molecule :: scientist 3. Tire :: Goodyear 4. Mighty :: Joe Young 5. Octane :: fuel 6. Troll :: bridge, stream, pay a toll 7. Atmosphere :: pressure 8. Guide :: you lead, I'll follow 9. Leash :: dog 10. Dustmite :: need to dust  OK, off to eat some diner food baby!