I've added another link under "blogs i read" in case you're interested. It's   Yates on the States  and pretty damn cool by my standards. Seems I spend most of my days floating from blog to blog to blog. Always lookin' baby, always lookin'. As a matter of fact, I just rolled over to ole' Faye's site and she seems to be having a rather rotten day. To quote, if I may:  "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuckity, fuck fuck!!!! And that's how I feel no matter what.   fuck it."  It would seem our dear friend could use a little pick-me-up. Poor dear. I'll have to send her some stickers or some other cool crap that fell out of yet another magazine onto my living room floor. Have no fear - I'll send something cool Faye! I promise!  So, I bit the bullet and called Salvation Army today. It seems that I neglected to post about this lovely experience, but about 3 weeks ago I scheduled an appointment so they would come by and pick up all of the junk Chris & I have set aside for donation. January 31st - last Saturday. So I jump out of bed around 8:30 Saturday morning. Throw clothes on. Forego a shower just in case they should come by for the pick up. (you can see where this is going, right?) Chris is asleep and I don't want to wake him, so I pull out all of the donation items (9 boxes and 3 or 4 bags) into the front hallway. This is great since the guys won't have to walk too far and can grab the stuff and go. Fantastic! I'm on top of things. Well, the hours tick away. Chris finally wakes up. Says, "they still haven't come to get this stuff?" Smartass. Next thing I know, it's 9:30 at night and I'm telling Chris, "well, they could technically still come, right?" I am so stupid, stupid, stupid. I was all set to buy some rather large garbage bags this weekend and throw all of it out, but Chris made me feel guilty. So, I called them again today and in about 2+ more weeks, it'll all finally be GONE!! Again.  Now I'm going to turn toward the TV in my nice swivel computer chair and watch a repeat of The Apprentice since I missed last week's episode. And then at 8:30 pm, I switch over to American Idol. There! I said it - I WATCH AMERICAN IDOL! But in my defense, this is the 1st season I've watched it and there really hasn't been much on TV since I started watching only 2 or 3 days ago. Uh! I need to go take a shower.