Super Bowl - one game, so many topics around the water cooler this morning. #1 - can we address the fact that  exposing Janet Jackson's ta-ta WAS planned? Regardless of who said what after the "incident," it was planned. CBS might not have known about it, not sure if MTV knew about it, but Justin Timberlake & Janet Jackson certainly did - hence the huge chunk of metal attached to her nipple. And why don't we back up just one more step: why the hell was Janet Jackson even performing? She hasn't had a hit in like 10 years! All of the other performers have had hits in the last 1-2 years. Why Janet? Why not some Grammy award-winning performer from the last 2 or 3 years? If you ask me (and it  really doesn't matter if you didn't since I get to rant on and on and on, but), this was all a big stunt to 1) boost a sagging career & tat-ta and 2) take the media off her brother for a bit. Don't know how well that worked out since the FCC is now looking for some answers. Good luck with that one CBS, MTV, Janet & Justin! But don't take my word for it! No, listen to what a real expert has to say! Click   here .  Oh! And #2 of my rant from above: why didn't they show us the streaker?!? (top of the 3rd quarter) I'm outraged! It's not like he wasn't at least wearing a thong. I'm shocked and appalled that I wasn't offered the chance to watch some British guy running naked across the field during out beloved Super Bowl. It's the Super Bowl, man! Why wouldn't  someone streak? And if it's never happened before, then the real question is why has it never happened before. I mean, this is America gosh-dog-gonnit! Why did we have to let someone else do our dirty work for us?!? We're not thinking Americans!   And now it's time for   Unconscious Mutterings ! I say . . . and you think . . .?  1. Ignore :: the stupid bitch to your right 2. Death :: party for the deceased 3. Missy :: Elliott 4. Ballet :: tutus 5. Guest :: not actually invited to the party, but they lucked up anyway 6. Campus :: college 7. Lonely :: in a crowd 8. Company :: sometimes a lot of work 9. Helicopter :: twirly bird 10. Sterile:: easy form of birth control  Ever wondered what Lord of the Rings would have been like if it'd been written by someone other than JRR Tolkein? You know you have! Click   here . The VC Andrews one is pretty darn good!  A little sampling if you will: Dr. Seuss  by   gonzoron   "Gandalf, Gandalf! Take the ring! I am too small to carry this thing!"  "I can not, will not hold the One. You have a slim chance, but I have none. I will not take it on a boat, I will not take it across a moat. I cannot take it under Moria, that's one thing I can't do for ya. I would not bring it into Mordor, I would not make it to the border."