She steps out into the cold wet night and clings to his arm as they turn and head toward the busier street just down the corner.  She smiles as they catch sight of a yellow cab sitting on the opposite side of the street.  They're lucky; it's so hard to find a yellow cab when it's raining.  He motions to the cabbie and they climb in the backseat and are on their way.  They sit in silence as they cross the bridge into Manhattan.  She likes looking into the apartments that are lit up, noticing how they're decorated and arranged in comparison to the others.  He has his sights set toward downtown but says nothing.  They're both lost in their thoughts and the goodies displayed in shop windows they pass.  At the corner of 8th Avenue and 26th Street, they pay the cabbie the $15 fare and climb out to make their way to the little theater that has become one of their favorite spots.  Inside they wait in line for the box office to open.  They're always so anxious to get good seats; they like to be in the first row.  The box office announces the sale of tickets and they step up to pay their $16.  Once in the theater, they grab their usual seats, drop off their coats and head to the bathroom and then the bar for $4 beers.  The details are taken care so now they can enjoy the next hour which promises to be filled with laughter and fun.  After the show, they step out of the little theater smiling and recount their favorite parts of the show.  Then talk turns to food and their cross-town trip they need to make to get to their next stop of the evening.  He hails a cab and they hop in.  "We need to get to 33rd Street at 2nd Avenue, please," she says.  She turns to him and asks how he's feeling and if he's up for the rest of the night.  He assures her that he's fine and that he'll let her know if he starts feeling bad again.  At the corner of 31st and 2nd Avenue, they climb out of the cab and begin the search for dinner.  They pick a nice little restaurant and bar just 2 doors down from their next stop for the evening.  It's dark inside with old fashioned lighting and a nice dark oak bar that just begs patrons to pull up a stool and order an ale.  They comply and also order a little food to help ward off the evils of drinking on empty stomachs.  They make small talk with the bartender and listen to one of the regulars telling stories in a booming voice.  They laugh with the others and then turn their attention toward their food and drink when it arrives.  An hour later, they pay their $25 bill and leave the bartender a $10 tip, step out into the night and walk the 5 steps to the last stop for the night.  Once inside the crowded bar, they make their way to the back to find her friends drinking beers and cocktails; introductions are made.  He steps up to the bar and orders them beers.  Heineken for her, Corona with a lime for him.  They walk out the back door down the steps to the covered courtyard bearing a pool table.  A couple of guys are setting up for a game of 8-ball.  It's chilly out, but the alcohol helps to keep them warm.    They hang out with their friends for the next couple of hours and then decide to head home around midnight.  He has to be at work early the next morning.  Outside the bar, they walk uptown a couple of blocks to get ahead of the others hailing cabs on the street.  They spot a cab making a dropoff and then climb inside.  Twenty minutes later, they're home.  They struggle out of their coats and winter clothes.  She slips into something a little more comfortable; a purple silk slip with lace.  Ten minutes later, the lights go out and they head to the bedroom.  Yes, it's another great night that leaves them smiling as they fall asleep in each other's arms.   *all stories are fiction.