Eeek! Yucky day here in the Big Apple. The buildings have all but disappeared across the street due to the fog. Everyone around me seems to be in a funky mood, including me. And it seems to be affecting my typing abilities. I could use a massage for sure. Chris & Sergio went out again last night for what has become their weekly ritual. They didn't get home until 5:30 am so I can only guess that they had a good time. Since I always have to work the next morning, I'm never invited to these little soirées. Oh, well. Don't cry over spilled milk, right?  I had the strangest dream last night. I was at a restaurant going up a set of stairs meant for the waitstaff (cause the elevator was broken) but on my way up, I changed my mind and headed back down. Then all of a sudden I was riding the stairs, which had turned into a Ferris wheel. There was some guy standing below smiling watching me ride and we were talking as I went past. Then I woke up. Don't know what that was all about.  Anyway, I wrote my rent check to Chris last night and on the memo line, I wrote "for sexual favors." He hasn't noticed yet, but I'm hoping that he does before he deposits the check today. Maybe someone at the bank will notice and give him a funny look. Tee Hee!! Goodness! We're supposed to go watch Starsky & Hutch this evening when I get home. Can't wait!! I love a good Ben Stiller/Owen Wilson movie!  My friend Olivia, who I work with, just walked by with her monkey wrapped up in her pashmina - or cape as we like to call it. (I guess I should first explain that she has a sock monkey that sits on her desk here at work.) I wished her and her new arrival well. She says she's going to breast feed him.  And something a little different: My 5 Gratitudes for Today:  1. Seeing my husband passed out in bed (finally) and he's still mostly on his side 2. The first sip of coffee this morning 3. Stepping outside at lunch to get a cup of 5-star gourmet chili for $6 4. Walking into my apt after a long day at work 5. Climbing into bed next to my hunny!