Chris & I have started to go walking after work now that the weather is getting warmer.  We'd have gone running today, but I've just been way too tired after work for the last couple of days.  Next week.    So anyway, there's a lot of talk about how many of the widows from 9/11 are upset at Bush because he uses images of the destroyed WTC in a campaign commercial.  I find this issue a little tricky: it was certainly a historical event that took place during Bush's administration that he handled well, however it's wrong to use this personal tradegy as a political platform.  I would say that it seems like they could have found another way to tie the two together without using those images, but I went to the website and watched the video (entitled   Safer, Stronger ) and it's very well done and only on the screen for like 2 seconds.  I don't find it offensive at all, but then again, I didn't personally lose anyone on that Tuesday.  I was here that day and I can't say that it didn't effect me in a lingering way - still does to this day.  But Bush & Kerry are tied in   today's polls  and like I said yesterday, things are going to get nasty this year.  Well, in Texas, a woman gave   birth to her own grandchildren .  I guess it had to happen in the South, didn't it?  And I know I shouldn't find this funny, but I can't help but laugh! Seniors at a   retirement home in Florida  got into a fight at the salad bar over lettuce. Three people were hurt and had to be taken to the hospital for minor injuries - but it's just funny darn it!  This next one is just neat.  It's one of those things that would be fun to have, but you wouldn't want to admit spending money on.  Ooo!  I think   I want one !  And for the   courageous hampster  that is in a better place now.  May the dumbasses who launched you into the air have a backup plan next time around.  Can you imagine having a   famous feces  picture frame sitting on your desk at work?  OK, maybe not at work.  Alright, gonna go watch Friends, Will & Grace, The Apprentice, and Scrubs.  Later Gators.