I felt compelled to post this   next link  after hearing about it on the news this morning and then receiving the link in my email from a cousin - well, Chris's cousin to be exact (Thanks Dub!!)  Anyway, this guy is divorced and found his ex's   wedding dress  when he was moving.  Long story short, he is selling it on eBay.  He's even modeled the gown himself and his comments are absolutely hilarious.  Please,   go and enjoy !  You'll love it, too!  Not so much happening today.  We went to the UCB last night and it was hilarious!  We stayed for 1 1/2 shows - I was getting a little ancy(sp?) toward the end.  Today, Chris signed up for his Level 2 classes at UCB.  His graduation performance is in a couple of weeks & I know he'll do great!  I'm proud of him for taking these classes because he truly enjoys them.    The book list that is going about:  I've seen it on a couple different blogs. I got it from   Sheila O'Malley .  If you want to play, just post the list on your own site, putting the titles you have read in bold.   Beowulf  Achebe, Chinua - Things Fall Apart Agee, James - A Death in the Family Austen, Jane - Pride and Prejudice Baldwin, James - Go Tell It on the Mountain Beckett, Samuel - Waiting for Godot Bellow, Saul - The Adventures of Augie March  Brontë, Charlotte - Jane Eyre   Brontë, Emily - Wuthering Heights  Camus, Albert - The Stranger Cather, Willa - Death Comes for the Archbishop  Chaucer, Geoffrey - The Canterbury Tales  Chekhov, Anton - The Cherry Orchard Chopin, Kate - The Awakening Conrad, Joseph - Heart of Darkness Cooper, James Fenimore - The Last of the Mohicans  Crane, Stephen - The Red Badge of Courage Dante - Inferno de Cervantes, Miguel - Don Quixote Defoe, Daniel - Robinson Crusoe Dickens, Charles - A Tale of Two Cities Dostoyevsky, Fyodor - Crime and Punishment Douglass, Frederick - Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass Dreiser, Theodore - An American Tragedy Dumas, Alexandre - The Three Musketeers Eliot, George - The Mill on the Floss Ellison, Ralph - Invisible Man  Emerson, Ralph Waldo - Selected Essays  Faulkner, William - As I Lay Dying Faulkner, William - The Sound and the Fury Fielding, Henry - Tom Jones  Fitzgerald, F. Scott - The Great Gatsby  Flaubert, Gustave - Madame Bovary Ford, Ford Madox - The Good Soldier Goethe, Johann Wolfgang von - Faust Golding, William - Lord of the Flies Hardy, Thomas - Tess of the d'Urbervilles  Hawthorne, Nathaniel - The Scarlet Letter  Heller, Joseph - Catch 22 Hemingway, Ernest - A Farewell to Arms  Homer - The Iliad Homer - The Odyssey  Hugo, Victor - The Hunchback of Notre Dame Hurston, Zora Neale - Their Eyes Were Watching God Huxley, Aldous - Brave New World Ibsen, Henrik - A Doll's House James, Henry - The Portrait of a Lady James, Henry - The Turn of the Screw Joyce, James - A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man  Kafka, Franz - The Metamorphosis Kingston, Maxine Hong - The Woman Warrior Lee, Harper - To Kill a Mockingbird Lewis, Sinclair - Babbitt  London, Jack - The Call of the Wild  Mann, Thomas - The Magic Mountain Marquez, Gabriel García - One Hundred Years of Solitude Melville, Herman - Bartleby the Scrivener Melville, Herman - Moby Dick Miller, Arthur - The Crucible Morrison, Toni - Beloved O'Connor, Flannery - A Good Man is Hard to Find O'Neill, Eugene - Long Day's Journey into Night Orwell, George - Animal Farm Pasternak, Boris - Doctor Zhivago Plath, Sylvia - The Bell Jar Poe, Edgar Allan - Selected Tales Proust, Marcel - Swann's Way Pynchon, Thomas - The Crying of Lot 49 Remarque, Erich Maria - All Quiet on the Western Front Rostand, Edmond - Cyrano de Bergerac Roth, Henry - Call It Sleep Salinger, J.D. - The Catcher in the Rye  Shakespeare, William - Hamlet Shakespeare, William - Macbeth Shakespeare, William - A Midsummer Night's Dream Shakespeare, William - Romeo and Juliet  Shaw, George Bernard - Pygmalion Shelley, Mary - Frankenstein Silko, Leslie Marmon - Ceremony Solzhenitsyn, Alexander - One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich Sophocles - Antigone Sophocles - Oedipus Rex Steinbeck, John - The Grapes of Wrath Stevenson, Robert Louis - Treasure Island Stowe, Harriet Beecher - Uncle Tom's Cabin Swift, Jonathan - Gulliver's Travels Thackeray, William - Vanity Fair Thoreau, Henry David - Walden Tolstoy, Leo - War and Peace Turgenev, Ivan - Fathers and Sons  Twain, Mark - The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn  Voltaire - Candide  Vonnegut, Kurt Jr. - Slaughterhouse-Five Walker, Alice - The Color Purple Wharton, Edith - The House of Mirth Welty, Eudora - Collected Stories Whitman, Walt - Leaves of Grass Wilde, Oscar - The Picture of Dorian Gray Williams, Tennessee - The Glass Menagerie Woolf, Virginia - To the Lighthouse Wright, Richard - Native Son  Well, it would seem after selecting all of my titles, I realized that I need to start reading more classics instead of the junk I usually read - historical romances.