Here's a little something you don't see in the news these days:   Explorers are planning a quest to Turkey's Mt. Ararat in search of Noah's Ark . Biblical stories have placed the Ark near this location, however, past expeditions never turned up any evidence. Then in last summer's heat wave that hit Europe, "a mammoth structure" was exposed and thanks to satellite imagery, they've been able to pinpoint a more exact location. I think it would be very exciting if they found a boat-like structure up there. It would certainly boost a lot of people's faith.  I was reading on ABCnews.com about a family of 7 who eats on less than $12/day. They now actually run a business from their home that teaches others how to do the same thing. I found it an interesting read, so   click here  to read their story or   click here  to go straight to their website.   And I just read this story on   CNN.com  about a guy who is attending NYU, but couldn't afford to pay a $1000 housing deposit so he's been living in one of the school's libraries for the last 8 months. He kept an online journal (  homelessatnyu.com ), which is how school officials discovered him and then moved him to a free dorm room. Very interesting since I read a book not that long ago where a girl lived in the school library as well.  There is a report our on   SmokingGun.com  about an assistant writer for "Friends" who has filed a lawsuit against 3 of the writers. She claimed they were lewd in their actions and comments and frequently spoke of the actors/actresses in a lewd (read sexual) fashion. But, please, go check it out for yourself.  Ok, so now Chris & I are off to go to Herald Night at the Upright Citizens Brigade Theater.  It's a cheap night of hilarious entertainment - only $5 per person during the week & only $8 per person on the weekends.  I can't think of anything cheaper in NYC.  Except for my Goodwill Dress.  About 4 years ago, Easter snuck up on me and I didn't have a dress to wear or really any money to buy it with.  I could have asked my Mom & Dad to buy me one, but I thought I should at least give it a shot.  I stopped by Goodwill looking for a cool purse, throw pillows or scarves when I glanced at the rack of dresses.  I found a nice little red dress that is sleeveless with a red paisley design on a chiffon-like material over a red sheath that goes to my knees.  Marked at $5 (read: affordable), I brought it to the register and low & behold, it's on sale 1/2 price.  That's right, my $5 dress was now a mere $2.50.  I still own that red dress and I get compliments every time I wear it.  It's probably the cheapest since item of clothing that I have & it's what I get the most compliments on.  I'm confused.  I still wear it because it's so comfortable and is wrinkle resistant.  I can ball it up, toss it in a bag and it's fine.  Again, confused but I'm Ok with that.  It's my Goodwill Dress.