We just booked our trip to Italy baby!!  Whoo hoo!!  3 nights in Rome, 3 nights in Florence & 3 nights in Venice!  I'm so excited!  Neither Chris nor I have been to Europe - or taken a vacation together for that matter.  This will be just after our 2 year anniversary.  Yeah!!  Interesting little tidbit: the national debt clock that hangs in Union Square here in NYC has been taken down. The building where it was hung is being demolished. It will be replaced with a new higher-tech clock next month and hung about a block north. When the clock was taken down, the national debt was more than $7 trillion.  Ruthie, Cacky & Savannah are coming tomorrow!! I so can't wait! Bring on the Yaya good times!!  I've recently discovered (about a month ago)   this website  that is more political than I'll ever be on my site.  I've enjoyed   his posts  so far. His post today is about John Kerry and the purple hearts he received for injuries while serving in the military. Check it out. I think you'll definitely see Kerry in a new light; an unflattering new light.  I stopped by   Dooce's  site today and read about how she is going through postpartum depression. After reading her story, my heart goes out to her. I wish there was some way that I could help out. After reading her blog everyday, I feel like I know her. I simply wish there was an easy fix for depression, but I know there isn't. I must say that's something that scares me about getting pregnant. I've gone through my own funk a time or two, but never to the extent that she has. But she's a strong person and she'll make it through and then teach us all a lesson in return.  Not much else is happening here in my little world. It's been raining since Monday. I'll be going to pick up our visitors tomorrow from the airport. Chris will have to meet us at the apartment cause he won't make it to the airport in time. My only concern is that the 2-hour live season finale of The Apprentice is tomorrow night and I desperately want to watch it. I may have to tape it, if the boys aren't playing video games. I seriously hope they're not playing video games.