23 QUESTIONS (thanks to   Dagoddess  and   Rita )  1. Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, find line 4. What does it say?   "all of the discoveries made about creating scenes, all of" from TRUTH IN COMEDY, which is a book Chris had to read for his class.  2. Stretch your left arm out as far as you can. What do you touch first? the paper shredder  3. What is the last thing you watched on TV? Just finished Gothika (w/Halle Berry) on DVD  4. WITHOUT LOOKING, can you guess what the time is? 11:15 p.m.  5. Now look at the clock, what is the actual time? 11:20 p.m. (not bad surprisingly)  6. With the exception of the computer, what can you hear? Chris whispering into my forehead  7. When did you last step outside? What were you doing? Got home around 8:30 pm from dropping off food at Amanda's, looking for a halogen lamp at Home Depot (unsuccessfully) and then stopping by Best Buy to pick up 4 DVDs.  8. Before you came to this website, what did you look at? watched the Spider Man 2 trailer.  9. What are you wearing? a CBGB shirt, sleep pants & a green robe  10. Did you dream last night? Don't think so, but I had some crazy ass dreams earlier this week.  11. When did you last laugh? just now.  12. What is on the walls of the room you are in? white paint on plaster walls, 3 fluer-de-lis candle wall sconces on the wall to my right, a wooden shelf on the wall behind me, an iron fluer-de-lis cross on the wall to my left and nothing on the wall on front of me.  13. Seen anything weird lately? yes, the guy who delivered our dinner tonight had only half an arm on one side and what looked like a finger attached where the bend in his elbow should have been.  He used it (the finger thing) to carry the bag of food and then to help count bills.  14. What do you think of this quiz? different  15. What is the last film you saw? In the theater? At home: Gothika    In the Theater: Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind  16. If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy first? a bigger apartment in Manhattan  17. Can you tell something about you that no one knows? yes, I could  18. If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do? stop the senseless killing  19. Do you like to dance? yes, especially while washing dishes  20. George Bush: is he a power-crazy nut case or some one who is finally doing something that has needed to be done for years? The 2nd one and then I could elaborate further, but . . .  21. Imagine your first child is a girl, what do you call her? If my first child is a girl, I like the names Josephine (Joie for short) or Matilda (Millie or Tillie for short)  22. Imagine your first child is a boy, what do you call him? If my first child is a boy, I like the name Leo but Chris likes the name Leto (Children of Dune)  23. Would you ever consider living abroad? Theoretically, yes, but I know it would be too far away from my family & that would kill me.