  Ben posts Dan Savage's piece on the morning after pill  which also serves as Savage's rebuttal to critics who claim he is an oppressor for telling fat girls to lose weight.  Savage often does this -- either using letters seeking real advice as a way to segue into writing what amounts to a political column and not an advice column (which he did often in the run up to the war in Iraq, which he supported) or to ignore the criticisms against him.  He also posts the most egregiously offensive e-mails he received, instead of ones more likely to have been balanced.  Savage is right on about Plan B.  This fight has been long ongoing.  We were talking a great deal about it back in my days at    MassNARAL  and the decision by the FDA is an egregious case of religious motivations stalling access to medication.  Only the most fanatical of religious voices actually believe that un-implanted fertilized eggs are "babies" (most fertilized eggs never implant anyway).  The health dangers of the drug are minor (despite certain instances of spontaneous miscarriage this caused in certain people we know who were unknowingly pregnant when they took the pill), less significant in most cases than over-the-counter enemas or antihistamines.  Widespread, conscientious, proper use of Plan B could dramatically end the need for abortion in this country.  Abortion opponents should love this pill, but they do not.  Which only proves that their devotion is not to "life," but instead to preventing women from making medical decisions about their bodies without religious and legal interference.  Savage nails the points in his usual eloquent way.  Problem is, this doesn't deflect him from criticism from the fatties in the room (myself included).  Savage is absolutely right to point out the health problems contingent in obesity.  Still, that in no way justifies Savage's crusade to get fat people to cover their flesh.  Since when did Dan Savage, an incredibly attractive man with very fucked up teeth, become the attractiveness tsar anyway?  To Savage there are two problems with fat: it is unhealthy and it is ugly.  The fact that these two positions manage to maintain equal status in his analysis shows how bankrupt it is.  Fat may well be unattractive to him.  But enormous muscle mass is unattractive to me, as are moustaches without beards, or cock-eyed bastards like Ralph Nader.  Still, I would never use a column I write (or my blog) to insist that muscleboys keep their clothes on so I don't have to see their unsightly mounds of grotesquely misshapen flesh.  This reminds me of a recent    "Tell Me About It"  column (by the Washington Post's amazing Carolyn Hax), in which a reader says that her parents claim her boyfriend has nothing in common with her, and include "height" in with race and religion in their list of dissimilarities.  Savage's inclusion of the ugliness of fat in his analysis only proves how shallow the whole thing is.  If he hates ugly people (or people he thinks are ugly at least) then he has every right to (I certainly have made no bones about making mean comments when it suits me), but don't try to hide behind a woman's right to reproductive choice, Danny boy.  Even   you're  too fat to get away with it.