Urban asked me to put together a list of "political science books" for him to read, or a list of "other books."  I don't know what that means, but since he already claims to read history and foreign policy, I'm assuming he meant fiction (if I'm wrong, let me know, Urbo).  "Political Science" is loose enough of a topic to allow me to range freely amongst subjects, which makes me happy.  Not all the books in this list are of equal quality of writing or intellectual strength or merit, so don't try to ferret out the key to my politics from the list.  A lot of it will read like Poli Sci 101, and I apologize for that.  But you're the one who said "essential."  John Locke,   Two Treatises of Government  Adam Smith,   The Wealth of Nations   Those two books are, for all intents and purposes, the foundation of American government, even though, technically, Smith's book is contemporary with the Revolution.  Jean-Jacques Rousseau,   The Social Contract .  Rousseau's work led to both the French Revolution and the collectivist politics of later generations, and is a marvelous (if somewhat pretentious and historically misleading) book.  Niccolo Machiavelli,   The Prince : The most reviled, yet practical, political manual out there.  Kerry needs to bone up.  John Stuart Mill,   On Liberty : Mill was an outstanding liberal of his day, but in today's world we'd call him a Libertarian, and his paean to individuality is great, if pretty flawed (he says the government can and should ban the poor from having babies, for instance.)  Richard Hofstadter,   The American Political Tradition and the Men Who Made It  Louis Hartz,   The Liberal Tradition In America  These two texts are generally considered history, and fit in to a very different list on historiography.  Why they are here is not because of their position as two of the three foundational texts of consensus history (the other, Boorstin's   Genius of the American System  or whatever it's called isn't included in my list) but because they map out, in plain language, the basic principles that connect all American politicians except the very fringe Europeanists.  They show that Bush and Kerry aren't so far apart philosophically, despite policy differences, but neither book really exalts that idea.  Hartz's book, in particular, lobs a good deal of fire at the stifling nature of "consensus" that is very important today.  Richard Hofstadter,   Anti-Intellectualism In American Life : this book really is history, and ranges so widely through American culture that it's almost ridiculous to include it here.  But I love Richard and want to cram as much of him in as possible.  The book can be condescending, and gives too little real credence to the populist impulse, but it does lay out the roots of America's surprising disdain of smart people.  Frances Fox Piven and Richard A. Cloward,   Poor People's Movements : a great radical antidote to Rooseveltian liberalism.  Slavoj Zizek: all of his works really, but I'm particularly amused and pleased with   Did Somebody Say Totalitarianism?   Postmodern Marxism at its best.  Which of course means you gotta read   Das Kapital  by Mr. Marx himself.  And in order for   that  to make sense, a little bit of Hegel (  The Phenomenology of the Spirit ) wouldn't hurt, but now we've gone so far from politics as to be laughable.  David Brin,   The Transparent Society : a great big bomb of a book that blows apart our attachment to privacy with fascinating force.  Dan F. Hahn,   Political Communication , my alleged field of study at Emerson College was this very topic, and Hahn's work is short, easy to read, and wide-ranging -- with the finest discussion of sexual metaphor in politics that you'll ever see.  I hope that's what you were looking for.  As for "other books"  Here are fine works of literature that I find indispensable (in no particular order and the list could, frankly, be a lot longer, but I am already bored of my own damn list):  William Faulkner,   As I Lay Dying : okay, so there is some order.  This is the finest novel written, in my opinion, and should be soaked in with multiple readings over many years.  Gunter Grass,   The Tin Drum : German midgets who play the drum.  Need I say more?  Milan Kundera,   The Unbearable Lightness of Being : for the second time this week I'm going to sound like a really ugly 15 year old girl, but this book changed my life, or at least my view of it, in a profound way.  Flannery O'Connor,   The Complete Stories : gruesome Southern Gothic perfection.  In my very fave story, "Good Country People", a woman's one-legged daughter changes her name from Joy to Hulga because she wants the ugliest name she can find, then is seduced by a man who takes her into a barn and . . .well, you'll find out when you read it.  Virginia Woolf,   Mrs. Dalloway : elegant, passionately transgressive in its simplicity.  If V had written only this one book, she'd stand as high as any other novelist.  So fucking good.