Salon carried a couple of interesting pieces today.  One discusses    whether Christians should file-share .  One student at UCSD published this    "Christian Perspective"  (which actually neatly summarizing non-Christian file-sharing dissenters' positions as well).  Still, the messages seem fairly mixed.  Unsurprisingly it is the Christian music trade groups that are most eager to call file-sharing a sin, and the UCSD student's argument that it is a Christian's duty to follow even dumb laws is a little creepy (He compares file-sharing to a law saying you should put your left shoe on first.)  He also defends the sinful practice of illegally reproducing religious films, like The Passion of the Christ, quoting a typically Pauline passage in the Bible about rejoicing that Christ's word is preached, even if it is preached by sinners.  The guy even says "God can use even sinfulness to spread his Word."  That line is particularly disturbing to me, and I'm not even a Christian.  God should, obviously, have nothing to do with sin.  If he does, then why should we try so hard not to do it?  The second article deals with the fact that    Rush Limbaugh is the only long-format talk-show host on Armed Forces Radio .  It's mostly in the vein of everything else Salon writes about Limbaugh, and has all the same flaws.  The article's title is "Limbaugh Forced Conscripts."  The implication here is that those who disagree with Limbaugh are forced to listen to his program (they are not) and that the lack of balance on the network should be troublesome to the tax-payers who support it.  Of course, this comes form Democrats who apparently think Al Franken should also appear on the network.  That it comes from Democrats -- who have traditionally supported programs like like the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities, programs that are overwhelmingly liberal in their grant-making, is at best a little hypocritical.  It also fails to note that bringing real balance to the airwaves would be impossible (the only way to manage it would be to kill political content, which can hardly serve our soldiers) -- since giving two partisans the chance to try to win converts ignores the huge sea of people who are independents, or who are (like me) members of a party but not necessarily totally in line with the party's liberal/conservative line.  Furthermore, Salon continues to pretend that    David Brock and his sloppy "think tank"  are a credible source.  The article quotes Brock, and his personal soap-box Media Matters, over and over again (Media Matters can also be found quoted in Salon's generally great summary of Right Wing opinions,    Right Hook ).  Using as your main Democratic sources Al Franken and David Brock doesn't give much credibility to the arguments.  Although the author is right to point out that there is an obvious difference between Limbaugh and NPR's "Fresh Air" (which the director of armed services radio sites as giving the network "balance"), and a strong case is made for Howard Stern being added to the roster on AFR (based on his ratings), the piece still wallows in the persecuted liberal complex that is ruining Salon and may possibly ruin liberalism in America.  Why are we spending so much time fighting over Limbaugh on the radio?  Aren't there, you know, some other major issues that we should be challenging Republicans on -- like education reform, budget deficits, foreign policy, energy prices, deregulation, etc?  This kind of hand-wringing idiocy only serves to distract us from real issues, and from taking action to bring about progress in this nation.  It's time the Salon got its groove back.