A federal judge today    dismisses the case against "material witness" Brandon Mayfield .  The FBI later apologizes.  This case raises a few concerns on my part.  1. Was Mayfield targeted because he is a Muslim?  Difficult to tell.  An affidavit released by the judge shows that FBI agents included Mayfield's wife's nation of birth (Egypt), a call she made to a Muslim charity on the terror-watch list, Mayfield's attendance of a suspect mosque, and his representation of one of the "Portland Cell" of terrorist-conspirators in a child-custody case as reasons to be suspicious of him.  These things all have his religion in common for certain, and the FBI also seized client files of people with "Arabic sounding" last names.  I'm still not going to make a judgment here -- as most of these items (other than his wife's nationality) also have links to known or suspected terrorists, even if those links are ridiculous and offensive to our legal principles-- especially his decision to represent one of these people in court.  There are many problems here, but I'm not sure his religion was a direct spur to action by the US Attorney's office or the FBI.  2. Spanish authorities began to question the FBI's fingerprint analysis a full three weeks  before  Mayfield was arrested.  Why is that FBI agents only went to Spain to collect the original print last weekend, five weeks after the Spanish raised their questions and two weeks after Mayfield was arrested?  Also, FBI affidavits show that they believed they had convinced Spanish authorities they had made the correct match.  So, here we have FBI agents who are working only with copies of the fingerprint lobbying to convince the police agents of the nation that was attacked that an American citizen was involved in the crime.  This reeks of persecution and raises some questions (that I'll address in another posting) about the fingerprinting system.  3. Sneak and peek searches were conducted at Mayfield's home under the provision of the PATRIOT Act (and done fairly ineptly, as Mayfield testifies that he was aware they were occurring).  There is no justification for sneak and peek, as these clearly violate constitutional rights of the accused to have a warrant presented to them before their home is searched.  This goes beyond Mayfield's case, and should worry each of us individually.  When will the FBI decide that your associates make you suspicious and break into  your  home and tamper with your belongings in search of "evidence" without you ever knowing?  Have they done it already?  That being said -- federal authorities did not hold Mayfield for an excessive period of time (material witnesses can be held indefinitely).  They have been clearly overzealous and have almost certainly violated Mayfield's rights -- but the material witness law has its uses, and may well have been applied appropriately in this case (to detain him as the investigation concluded, to prevent his flight.)  I'm also a bit disturbed by the reasoning given by Mayfield's lawyer for his refusal to be deposed (authorities offered to release him much sooner if he'd agree to a deposition.)  The lawyer says: "The government can, and in the past has, brought people into a grand jury and set them up with questions to which they know answers and that sets them up for a perjury prosecution,"   This is true, and entrapment of a witness is a serious offense.  But, this statement from the lawyer assumes that Mayfield at least had something to lie about and probably that he intended to lie if deposed.  Perjury traps can only catch perjurers, afterall.  An investigation into FBI conduct in this case should go forward, and Mayfield almost certainly will (and should) bring a lawsuit against the government for his treatment and their mangling of the case.  An apology is all well and good, but the potential damage to Mayfield's livelihood and the danger now posed both to his person and those of his wife and children will not be so easily undone.