  Sully pounds it home on the Communion debate .  I try not to poke my head into such matters, for the simple reason that I'm not a Catholic and therefore have no right to tell Catholics or their leaders what to believe.  Part of me admires the Church for attempting to enforce its moral code (to claim to be faithful, only to pick and choose one's beliefs is a little too weak-spined for my tastes) and part of me is horrified by the the implications.  So, the only thing I will add to Sully's piece is something that he misses.  Although he rightly understands that this will only serve to drive Democrats out of the Church (and the Church out of the Party that did the most to integrate Catholic immigrants into mainstream American life), he fails to mention exactly why this will happen.  Various church leaders have declared that those who support abortion (or, in some cases, even vote for someone who supports abortion) should be denied Communion.  Abortion is one of the greatest evils in the world in Catholic eyes.  But so is the death penalty, and unjust wars (including the conflict in Iraq).  So shouldn't Antonin Scalia or Rick Santorum also be denied the body and blood of Christ for their support of the death penalty and of war?  For that matter, what about Catholics who support contraceptives or who have premarital sex?  And what about the fact that the divorced Edward Kennedy continues to receive Communion despite an existing prohibition on the divorced doing so?  In order for my above statement of admiration for the Church trying to enforce its laws to have any validity, the Church must be willing to take this as far as it can go.  And one more point: I find it difficult to believe that a body of bishops, like the American Conference of Bishops, who are collectively culpable in (at least the cover-up) of practically institutionalized child abuse think they have the moral weight to deny John Kerry the Communion.  When they deny themselves Communion for having committed, or having allowed others to commit, grave crimes against generations of Catholic children, then they can look their congregants in the eye with a straight face and say "You are denied the Eucharist."