Tim    rips me a new one  for my not very nice attack on his writing about Sen. Ernest Hollings.  I will not pretend that I only accidentally lumped Tim in with Zionist extremists (the title of my post was A Lion of Zion afterall).  I'm not exactly sorry either.  I stand by the fact that Tim's reading of Hollings's column was wrong, and that his focus on the specific Jewish people that Hollings implicates in a particular policy does not in any way prove Hollings is an anti-semite.  When one questions a theory, one should also question its main proponents, whatever their religion.  That being said, Hollings does give the impression that these Jews have a good deal more influence over the president than they do.  Wolfowitz is certainly very much a piece of the president's war cabinet, of course, but Hollings' claim that Wolfowitz's theory is paramount in Bush's policy is probably off.  Bush's rhetoric speaks endlessly of democracy in Iraq, but that is (in my assessment) more rhetorical than actual -- and will fade the worse the situation gets there.  The real motivations for the war were cooked up by less subtle and intelligent minds than Wolfowitz's (i.e. Rumsfeld, Cheney, Armitage), and merely cloak themselves in Wolfy's ideas for the sake of looking pretty.  I will even go out on a limb and defend Wolfowitz.  He and Condoleezza Rice are easily the two most gifted foreign policy experts in the Administration, and the two who manage to present the most sophisticated (if, in the end, still reactionary) analyses of policy options.  Even if Wolfy is wrong that democracy in Iraq/Syria/Iran/Libya (notice that he does not mention Saudi Arabia or Jordan, two despotic regimes we'd prefer remain despotic, apparently) will lead to long-lasting security for Israel, he is at least trying to develop a new way of approaching the situation, which is more than Bill Clinton (or Fritz Hollings) can say.  I also did not mean to leave the impression that I think Hollings's New Deal democrat status should shield him from criticism.  I merely meant to allow our good readers to understand that Hollings is not just the Senator who hated Beavis and Butthead, or the one who hates Paul Wolfowitz, but also the one who has fought the good fight for working class people for longer than any other Senator (with the partial exception of Senator Kennedy).  As with so many public servants, one must decide if the good is worth the bad.  In Hollings's case, I err on the side of "yes it is."  Tim certainly does not.  Since neither of us are South Carolinians (to my knowledge) neither of our opinions on that issue really matter.  So, as a final note, Tim: I apologize for calling you a Zionist extremist, but I do not apologize for saying you were being overly sensitive to the Hollings column, or that your assessment was deeply flawed.  ps: another interesting Hollings fact -- if you read through almost any of his speeches posted on    his webpage  you'll discover that the Senator is very fond of the phrase "whoopee!" as in "whoopee for democracy!"