I guess I should chime in here on the Cannes fiasco.  I know that Cannes sort of prides itself on giving awards to movies that divide audiences and that lots of people hate.  I happen to think that the juries generally don't do half-bad in their selections.  Obviously, I haven't seen Moore's movie, and so it's possible (if by a very long shot) that it was the best film in competition.  Still, regardless of how deserved it was, certain things need to be pointed out.  1. Notice the difference in Moore's fawning acceptance of a prestigious award in France and his pompous fucking idiot act at the Academy Awards.  The faux-injured sound of his "The last time I was on an awards stage all Hell broke loose" makes me want to puncture my ear drums to avoid hearing any more.  Obviously MM realizes that all hell broke loose not because he  won  an award he didn't deserve, but because he made a stupid and inflammatory speech at what many members of the Academy deemed to be an inappropriate time.  He also realizes that "all hell breaking loose" was exactly what he hoped to accomplish. It's the only thing he does well, afterall.  2. Was Tarantino actually  crying  as Moore accepted the award?  What a douche.  3. Tarantino's a douche #2: Ebert    quotes QT as saying : "This prize was not for politics. It won because it was the best film."  Okay, so let us suspend disbelief in honor of fairness.  Let us assume this was the best film in competition.  How could it not be "for politics?"  Political films can be great in the service of bad politics (Leni anyone?), but their greatness is directly tied to their political character.  You can't give an award to a political film, especially a documentary, without politics effecting it.  If a brilliant filmmaker had made a fawning portrait of Bush's leadership, could they have won in Cannes?  If Moore had made a film that was apolitical, could he have won?  The answer to both is probably a no, and beside the point anyway.  Moore did win for a political documentary that attacks the President.  For the award to go to a political film and then for Tarantino to deny politics as a factor is demeaning both to Moore's movie and to the genre of political cinema.  It is also an apparently pussy-ass attempt to cover the festival's ass.  "We disavow any parts of this film that make people angry . . . but it was still the best one around."  Shut up Tarantino.  Go back to making crappy movies and leave us in peace.  God I hate his face.  I am not doing very well at suspending judgment until the movie's release, as I had promised I would do.  I hope I'm not poisoning the well.  When this movie finds a distributor that isn't a bigger pussy than Tarantino I promise to view it fairly and assess it appropriately.  Still, don't expect me to drop to my knees and suck on Michael's Palme D'or anytime soon.