I have finally remembered the only good and true reason to support gay marriage:  my healthy and beautiful 13 year relationship with my husband, Rivers Cuomo.  We are still struggling to have babies (my womb is a bit like Courtney Cox Arquette's, but don't worry, the millions of babies will arrive someday!)  Two days ago, I went to the music store is search of a Marty Robbins greatest hits album they didn't have and instead bought tons of other crap.  My purchases included the new    Deluxe Edition of Weezer's Blue Album  and    the Weezer DVD .  To make this particular incident a bit humiliating, I also purchased a beautiful two-disc Buddy Holly collection and was wearing my Weezer T-shirt.  I think the cute indie rocker man who rang me up was a little horrified.  I won't really "review" either the CD or the DVD.  I mean, the album has been out for a long time now, and it's mind-bending, totally radical awesomeness is never in doubt.  The "deluxe" addtion, which is a second CD of some b-sides and alternate takes of various songs, is pretty kick-ass too.  My copy of the blue album was very old and sad, having purchased it when I was in Middle School or some shit.  It skipped during "Say It Ain't So" and "Holiday" which are two of the greatest songs in the universe.  This often made me cry out in pain.  It was either that or the fact that I was carving "Mrs. Rivers Cuomo" into my thigh with a penknife.  Anyway, everyone should certainly consider going out and buying my husband's new deluxe edition, whether or not your old one skips.  Because it's fun to buy new Weezer things, and as soon as he makes enough money he's buying me new tits.  The DVD is also awesomeness personified.  Well, I guess not personified.  It's not a person.  But it does make me moist.  Watching the oldest Weezer videos is a little startling, as the dorky gawkiness of the band is so charming in comparison to their more matured dorky-coolness of late.  There is some very funny footage of the band being weird as well.  My only complaint?  My husband was apparently too busy making babies with me to show up to record commentary for the DVD, so it is everyone else but him, including the new bassist guy, Scott, who was not even in any of the videos except the ones for  Maladroit  and he keeps saying "Oh man, this is the song that made me want to be in your bnad."  ("Say It Aint' So," which just so happens to be the song that made me want to be filled up with Rivers' babies) or "I saw this video in the gym and I was so happy for Weezer.  I was like Weezer is gonna rule the world!" ("Hash Pipe" which we can all admit is one of the most hot-damn, load-busting videos out there) (second parenthetical note: I have been talking to General Musharraff about the whole "Weezer ruling the world" thing.  Details to come.)  Also someone (it's hard to tell as all indie rockers sound the same) actually makes the mildly ridiculous claim that "'Island in the Sun' is my favorite Weezer song."  Also inlcuded are the insanely forgettable TV spots for the albums.  In a spot for the blue album two girls' voiceovers are mumbling about how much they love 'Undone-The Swweater Song' and one of them says "If you married a Weezer, you'd be Susan Weezer."  Listen, bitch, you stay AWAY from my man!  I've got a knife, and I'm not afraid to use it.  Susan Weezer my ass.  You'll be Susan Dead-Slut if you mess with the Weez.  Okay, fine, Susan.  Sorry, for the outburst.  You can have Pat.