Tim makes this    uncharacteristically lazy assessment  of a column by Senator Hollings.  Supporters of Israel's endless war against the people of Palestine love to claim that their critics are antisemites in disguise.  And, to be fair, many of them  are .  What distresses me most about Tim's implication that Senator Hollings is blaming Jews for the war in Iraq is that it entirely misreads what the Senator said.  Senator Hollings criticized Charles Krauthammer because he has been one of the strongest exponents of a particular pro-Israel Mid-East plan.  To say that the main concern of most American politicians (and most conservative Jewish voters and leaders) in the Middle East is Israel is hardly antisemitic.  It is not even anti-Zionist.  Hollings, as far as I know, is a supporter of the state of Israel.  His disagreement with the president is over what method will make Israel secure.  Hollings does not refute that Israel should be secure.  Even I do not refute that, despite my strong opposition to most of its theocratic and racist policies.  He simply doubts that an evangelical war to bring democracy to Iraq is going to make anyone (Israeli or American or Iraqi) safer.  More troubling than Hollings comments on Israel though, is his clear dismissal of democracy as a tool for building lasting peace in the Middle East.  I certainly sympathize with him.  As much as I love democracy, I have been a fairly strong supporter of Pervez Musharraff (President of both Pakistan and my Ass) if only because with him firmly in power Muslim fundamentalists won't seize it.  The real fear in a "democratic" Iraq is that fundamentalists will seize power.  Andrew Sullivan and others claim that these people (Islamists) don't want democracy at all and will deny it to the good people of Iraq, but in reality that is exactly what democracy may mean in Iraq.  If our only option for democracy is a pro-West, pro-Reform, anti-islam government, than where is the fucking democracy already?  And if we want to ensure a pro-Western, pro-Reform, anti-Islam state we'd sure as hell better not let a vote happen.  Furthermore, trying to force democracy on a nation is probably futile.  Remember, dear Fagistani people, by the time the American Experiment began in 1776, we'd had centuries of slow democratic growth throughout Europe and especially in Great Britain as a model.  Iraq has had only the models of tribal government, imperial caliphates and the bumbling idiots who ran the colonial system post-WWI.  Not too promising for democracy.  And yet, for Sen. Hollings to dismiss it so blithely calls into question his commitment to democratic values in a stark light.  Democracy, as I've said often, is a difficult animal.  I will support it in Iraq, even if the results are bad.  Hollings clearly will not.  But that doesn't mean that he and Mel Gibson are sitting around reading  Protocols of the Elders of Zion  together.  So, Tim, you missed the target on this one.  You let his far-less-than-inflammatory comments on Jews (including high praise of the Israeli secret police) mislead you from his more-than-inflammatory comments on democracy.  And in Fritz's defense, the Senator from South Carolina may be the very last New Deal Democrat on the Hill.  He was alone in the wilderness as he fought to stop the deregulation of the energy industry, going toe to toe with Senator McCain time and again in a vain attempt to maintain government's proper role in essential industry.  McCain won, the thieves at Enron won, and energy consumers from Texas to California to Oregon lost bitterly.  And, to lay Tim's fears to rest, Fritz is retiring this very year.  The Democrat who we all hope will replace him is named Inez Tenenbaum, a woman for whom name alone is qualification for high office.