For several years now I've been working very hard toward the goal of reading at least one work by each of the literature Nobel laureates.  This blog allows me a place to write my reviews of these works as I read them.  So my first Nobel laureate entry is    Kenzaburo Oe , who won the award in 1994 and of whom the Swedish Academy says: "with poetic force [he] creates and imagined world, where life and myth condense to form a disconcerting picture of the human condition."  I have just finished reading his debut novel     Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids  .  Oe's novel is a muted, and small masterpiece.  It is not a towering achievement, but for a first novel it is extraordinary.  The story centers on a group of reformatory school boys who are evacuated to a small village in the Japanese mountains during WWII.  After a plague breaks out in the village, the villagers flee, leaving the boys trapped behind.  The boys struggled to build a community only to have it fall apart in their hands.  The story bears a marked resemblance to a novel by another Nobel laureate, William Golding, whose  Lord of the Flies  covers similar ground.  But Golding uses the decaying innocence of his youthful tribe to show the darkness at the heart of human nature. He provides them with redemption in the form of a ship arriving at the critical moment to save them and return them to civilization.  Golding's novel abhors war, but implicates the children in that war as well, and endorses the concept of civilization.  Uncivilized children left alone on an island are bound to become barbaric monsters, and only the arrival of adults can save them.  Oe's vision is starkly different in its traversing of moral ground.  The novel is as much philosophical as it is narrative, and the universe he creates is one in which the children, abandoned by adults, are allowed to live in a kind of suspension of history.  "Time won't move a step without grown-ups' orders," our narrator asserts.  And indeed, for a brief moment, the outside world is shut off and in this prison the children find true freedom and brotherhood.  Eventually, the outside concerns shatter this dream, as the adults return and treat them with cunning and cruelty.  Oe seeks to break history apart in a way even more radical than the sophisticated sledge-hammer employed by William Faulkner.  Both writers have an intensely anti-historical ideological bent and their works are overwhelmingly ontological.  But whereas Faulkner breaks time apart with the savage weapons of the human mind, Oe shows us characters who are cut adrift from history and who seek to defend their ahistorical position by creating a tribal community based on their own rules and rituals.  The mythic dimensions that Oe explores are profound, if only perhaps half-realized.  Reading this novel is made more difficult by the language barrier.  Oe has a reputation as one of the most daring and inventive of Japanese prose stylists, but that little of that emerges in this translation.  Although he captures beautifully the complex of fear/love/hatred/passion the boys feel, and imbues the entire village and its shadowy borders with a massive sense of mythic-lyrical force, the story itself is told in a rather dry and straightforward matter.  Special props must be given to a man who wrote a novel in the 50s with a prominent male prostitute character.  One whose ass is so destroyed by his profession that he must constantly rub ointments on it.  The novel is a strong one, even if it never quite fulfills its potential.  The surface quivers with unspoken power, but somehow that power is never revealed for us to bask in.  This is not considered to be Oe's greatest work , so I reserve an overall judgment of his place in literature.  Still, whatever minor shortcomings the book has (and they are all minor) it is still a fantastic piece of fiction, if only for the antidote to Golding's flimsy and pat morality that it is.