Slate is carrying one of the more sophisticated    odes to Tony Randall  that I've read.  I'm not a huge Randall fan, and usually don't care much for the eulogies that pop up whenever someone dies.  I am always reminded of my mother's invariable reaction: "He wasn't dead yet?"  (the other response she has is even worse.  When Princess Diana died, we were in Spokane to see a musical that I won't name for humiliating reasons, and she burst into the hotel room with a nasty little grin on her face to announce the news like a kid at Christmas.)  Still, what I like about this article is that it addresses the issue of sexuality in both the Randall/Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies of old and his infamous turn in the TV version of Neil Simon's lame play  The Odd Couple .  What interests me here is a question that comes to me every time I see characters of questionable sexuality: are they meant to be coded, "closeted" characters, or is something more radical happening?  Or perhaps both at once.  Perhaps it is precisely in this space, somewhere between the closet and the living room, that sexuality can be treated most honestly in narrative fiction.  Randall's performances came before Rock Hudson died of AIDS and before the advent of "metrosexuality" (a movement which is not liminal, but instead seeks to further reinforce the gay/straight barrier.)  You can play the "is he gay or not?" game all you want with The Odd Couple and it ends up meaning nothing.  What is interesting about the story (however lame it is in Simon's play) is the fact that these men are building a relationship outside the heterosexist dynamic.  Two divorced men sharing an apartment, and a high degree of intimacy, without having sex.  It presents a vision in which people can choose to build relationships on their own terms, both romantic and platonic.  Similar versions of this relationship play themselves out in other sitcoms, certainly.  Off the top of my head I can think of  My Two Dads ,  Perfect Strangers ,  Friends ,  Bosom Buddies , well you get the idea.  These aren't all great TV shows.  In fact, really, only one of them ( Friends ) is, but they are interesting for that reason.  In a world in which more and more of us are living with "roommates" for longer and longer periods of time, and in which we form close, intimate bonds with those we cohabitate with, even if we're fucking other people, it's important to note that the question of "are they gay or not?" is less and less a useful question.  Sexuality has never been so easily figured -- but television in particular tends to be fairly rigid in constructing sexualities for characters.  It's nice to read about an actor whose entire career was spent walking in the liminal shadows of sex and sexuality.  Most of us are  living  in this liminal space (let's call it the cloakroom) already -- it's time the sexuality debate caught up to the way we're living.