To wrap up my probably too-extensive coverage of a book Christopher Hitchens wrote in 1995, I'm going to go a little far afield, that is to say what I have to say now is only inspired by Hitchens work and is not about his book.  In reading MoTo's constant references to the poor "accepting their lot," and "forgiving" the capitalist evil-doers at Union Carbide, I was struck, strangely enough, by how Nietzschean it all was.  Not her behavior per se, but the moral attitude she strikes.  Friedrich Nietzsche, in a number of works, but especially in  Beyond Good and Evil  and  On the genealogy of Morals  (both available in this    excellent translation , develops a theory of morality that juxtaposes master to slave moralities.  I'm paraphrasing here, and doing FriNi terrilble injustice, but the master morality is that in which people are able, essentially, to do as they wish, only within their own limits.  The master assumes that all that he does is good, and from that determines that things he does not do are "bad."  The dichotomy here is fairly mild -- things may be undesirable but they are not monstrous.  Slave morality works the other way -- assuming that the characteristics of the masters is "evil" and therefore that their own characteristics are good. The dichotomy is much more threatening here -- and in Nietzsche's view more dangerous, because it elevates to the status of virtues characteristics that are negative.  Humility, altruism, sacrifice, anti-intellectualism, physical weakness, sickness and insanity are re-figured as GOOD THINGS even though they are the very things that make the poor and oppressed into poor and oppressed in the first place.  I have some problems with FN's paradigm -- but think of the ways that MoTo follows this trope.  It is through suffering that the poor achieve heaven, and therefore her work is not so much to relieve suffering as to expedite the movement of souls from Earth to the afterlife.  The renunciation of worldly values only reinforces this idea -- the world may have been cruel, but the purpose is for something better.  Still, slave morality, at its best, can lead to revolutionary things.  Nietzsche himself traces how the most power slave-moral system ever devised is Judaism (and its bastard child, Christianity) because it was able to conquer every major master moral system it encountered.  But in the end, the slave morality requires that the poor and suffering exist (as certain economists insist that a certain level of unemployment is necessary). If there are no oppressed, than how can own attain redemption through poverty (or through helping the oppressed, as MoTo herself clearly claims.)  In the end, either kind of system results in similar things -- the powerful continue to oppress the weak with only minimal safeguards, even if it is all clothed in the language of the slave.  In order for Mother Teresa's system to work, the poor must always be poor, and must "accept" their lot.  In this sense, Christianity as manifested in the form of MoTo and others is not so different from most Eastern religions, which teach that suffering in this life gives us rewards in the next.  All these religious systems serve to reinforce the power structure as it exists.  Nietzsche still would find it unsettling that we did not develop into a race of Masters, and are all, in most ways, slaves, but really what's the difference?  The best form of the master morality might well be a libertarian secular state, in which we are each free to express our will as we see fit, red in tooth and claw.  Am I willing to go so far?  No.  But I am willing to reject the pious apologies of the slaves for their masters.