I'm done with the Hitchens book, having finished it while luxuriating in the bath.  The last sections of this book take another look at some of MoTo's unsavory business, and also provides a nice (if flawed) account of Albanian nationalism.  Problem: Big one this time.  Hitchens clearly creates a logic in which Mother Teresa is not just a product of the very nasty mix of religious and ethnic nationalisms that plague the Balkan states, but also somehow responsible for them.  Oh, he is right to point out that it is a little hypocritical of her to place a wreath on a monument to Mother Albania (when her concern should be all the poor of the world, or at the least, Mother Church), and to heap praise on the counterreligionists who ran Albania with brutality in the Communist days.  Likewise, it's kind of nasty that she spent so much time hobknobbing with Duvalier and supporting contras and all that ill shit in Central America and the Caribbean.  Okay, fine.  But how is she suddenly implicated in the matrix by which Albanian nationalism manifests itself?  Hitchens is wise to give hedging praise to the Yugoslav experiment, and to be equally critical of all sides in this mess, even if he seems to go so far as to say the Kosovars' actual residence on the land is equal to the Serbs having once fought a battle there (a battle which became significant only with the advent of Serb nationalism in the beginning of the twentieth century.)  This same logic of an "historic right" to the land as being as valuable or more valuable than the rights of those who actually occupy it has been used successfully by Israel in their project of ethnic cleansing in Palestine, by China and Russia both in their aggressive conquests of neighboring territories, by Japan and Italy in WWII -- well, you get the idea.  I don't sympathize as much with the Kosovars as many Americans, but Hitchens more or less sides with the Serbs, which is a dangerous game.  And worst of all -- it has nothing to do with his ostensible subject, MoTo.  He inserts his lecture on the evils of nationalism into a discussion of her biography -- giving the reader the impression that the two are the same.  The Catholic church did support fascists -- and continues to do so in many places in the world.  Okay, we get the point, Hitch.  But Albanian nationalism is still, primarily, Islamic in nature, so what's MoTo got to do with it?  Hitchens spends a good deal of time discussing how she is used as a symbol by other groups to achieve their own ends without seeming to realize that he's doing the same thing.  Mother Teresa is a symbol for the church, so his criticism of her religion is really a criticism of the Vatican.  Mother Teresa is Albanian, and therefore can be used to condemn Albano-nationalism.  Few of the criticisms herein are actually of much use in finding out who this woman is.  Hitch's call for a revaluation of her work is all well and good, but he provides only the sketchiest means by which to do it.  He would have been better off using MoTo only anecdotally in his discussion of the real topics of this book: reactionary Catholic politics and reactionary Nationalism.  I agree that Mother Teresa is a reactionary, that she is far more political than she lets on, and that she has used her enormous influence as a figure beyond reproach to spread her particular theocratic/apocalyptic vision of politics far and wide.  She has, like all Catholic leaders, dabbled in fascism and totalitarianism. She may not be as great as we assume she is, but the criticisms in this book that can properly be ascribed to Mother Teresa, and not to the system of which she is a product/part, are rather few and flimsy.  But of course who is going to buy a book called "The Trouble With Reactionary Catholic Doctrine in the Third World?"  No, this book is iconoclastic, and that is the only reason it exists.  I will admit that I enjoyed it -- it's a quick read, and Hitchens is always brilliant and funny and his arguments are meticulous even at their least useful.  He has a style that is unique and that penetrates through the taboos of our culture to really get at his subject in a new way without trashy tabloid tactics (other than the title).  His structure, which mimicks the beatification/canonizaiton process, is clever and satisfying and his patented unwillingness to pull punches is appreciated.  So, I suppose the text of this lengthy review has been mostly negative, but only because I think the book failed in both its purported purpose (of condemning MoTo) and in its revealed purpose (of exposing the hypocrisy in Catholic teaching.)  I have one more MoTo posting to go and then we're done.  Sweet Jesus on the Cross.