I am nearly done with Hitchens's MoTo book, and so you will soon be able to view my blog without fear of having to read more about dirty nuns.  I promise.  I have just completed reading the last two sections of the 'Good Works and Heroic Virtues' chapter, in which Hitchens addresses more fully MoTo's stances on abortion/reproduction and then deals with her fundraising schemes.  On the issue of abortion and family planning, Hitchens nails it.  He manages to draft this portion of his argument with his fullest exposition on Catholic doctrine yet.  He also acknowledges the good aspect of this deeply fundamentalist take on abortion.  At least Catholic Church leaders are consistent in their condemnation of the taking of life -- whether unborn or born.  Unlike Bush and his kind who support both war and the death penalty while seeking to create a "culture of life" (whatever the fuck that means anyway) and "value every human life."  Of course, a similar argument could be made against those who support abortion but oppose the death penalty.  I can make such statements myself because I have long supported both the death penalty  and  abortion, although I'm increasingly willing to let individual states make their own decisions on both issues.  Hitchens rightly mocks the concept of "ensoulment," although he ignores it's long and amusing history, but then seems to rely on a different idea, what I assume is the "scientific" criterion of "viability," to draw a line at which abortions can be considered immoral. (This I induce from his distinction between first and third trimester abortions, a distinction as arbitrary as the Church's stance, really.)  Hitchens derides the Church's standard for "life" only to allude to a standard of his own that is equally untenable.  Viability is a poor standard for a number of reasons, most obviously because it is not a clear line.  Each pregnancy will result in viability at a different moment, and with modern medical technology we know that the age of viability has been pushed back as far as the second trimester.  The question to me is less one of the morality of "ending a life" than of the right of a woman to seek medical care in privacy without government interference.  Even with children who are definitely living and breathing, we accept the right of parents to make terrible medical choices for them.  Jehovah's Witnesses routinely refuse their children blood transfusions, Christian Scientists reject all medical care, many primitivist sects lack modern medical facilities on their farms.  Some of these things raise an outcry, for sure, but we eventually agree that the parent's right to serve as medical guardian is more or less absolute, and that the right to religious practice is paramount.  How different, really, is abortion?  If a mother can refuse to allow her child life-saving medical procedures, why can she not refuse to carry it to term in the first place?  The best of this section, though, focuses on the issue of contraception.  The incredibly reactionary stances of Mother Teresa to contraception, and the official Catholic line in which contraception is equal in horror to abortion makes it impossible to take the prohibition of abortion seriously and also does tremendous damage throughout the Catholic world.  Hitch also devilishly points out the irony that Catholics' sexual lives are being regulated by celibates.  The difficulties in that authority are obvious, I should think.  Hitchens puts it best when he writes:  The call to go forth and multiply, and to take no thought for the morrow, sounds grotesque when uttered by an elderly virgin whose chief claim to reverence is that she ministers to the inevitable losers in this very lottery.  Then there is the fundraising issue, on which I will write little.  It is Hitchens's strongest indictment of MoTo herself -- as opposed to indicting her religious beliefs.  The amount of money that her movement has hoarded or wasted is enormous, and the number of filthy operators that have helped her amass it is staggering, but since I have no insights to add, or criticisms of Hitch's method, I'll leave it alone.  Although I will say that her pseudo-innocent letter to Lance Ito is one of the greatest things I've ever seen or read.