When Nancy Pelosi ascnded to the Democratic leader's post in late 2002, I praised her far and wide as a fighting Democrat who would be unafraid to take on the President.  Her leadership was, to me, a sign that Democrats finally got it: we won't win by playing nice.  Since then, Pelosi has been fairly reserved and has not lived up to my wildest hopes (although her leadership has been steady and, in most cases, strong.)  Hanging on my wall is a picture of the minority leader from the cover of the  Nation , in fighting mode, to which I've affixed the quote (which is, I hope it's obvious, mine and not hers): "George, your reactionary policies make me so angry I could punch your neck, dickhole!"  Finally,    Pelosi punches some necks .  She not only criticising the president fiercely, but actually addresses Iraq, in a way no major Democrat yet has: "Speaking specifically to Iraq, we have a situation where -- without adequate evidence -- we put our young people in harm's way." And on the fairy-tale of jubilant Iraqis cheering on American liberators, Pelosi puts it brilliantly: "Rocket-propelled grenades, not rose petals, greeted them."  It also gives us our first chance to see how Republicans will react.  Tom DeLay, naturally, practically calls Pelosi a terrorist: "Nancy Pelosi should apologize for her irresponsible, dangerous rhetoric.  She apparently is so caught up in partisan hatred for President Bush that her words are putting American lives at risk."  To point out that the President had no plan, continues to have no plan, and is acting in such a reckless, listless way that  he  is putting American lives at risk is beyond the pale for Republicans.  At least in part because they have no real response to her criticism.  Her attack does not encourage terrorists to strike out at American soldiers, nor does it show insufficient support for finishing the job in Iraq.  But, in these days, Republicans have fallen so far that they think Americans will let them get away with such authoritarian bullshit.  In November, they will learn.  And Speaker Pelosi will get to punch lots more necks.