Yet more on Hitch, regarding the first section of the chapter "Good Works and Heroic Virtues."  This section details the actual conditions within her charity operations, revealing that they are not intended as clinics, but as homes for the dying (as the name of one prominent operation, Home for the Dying, suggests).  Patients are given little medical attention or pain relief, even simple operations are refused, conditions are unsanitary (needles re-used for instance) and the list goes on and on.  Homeless men with AIDS in San Francisco are not allowed to watch the Olympics or smoke cigarettes or drink at their friends' funerals.  My answer to all these criticisms of the operation is a resounding: so the fuck what, Hitch?  She is not a doctor and does not claim to be one.  She is not a hospice nurse either.  She is a nun, and her duties are primarily religious.  She seeks to provide some measure of comfort in the last days of a person's life, but that comfort is entirely spiritual.  To claim that she is a monster to adhering to an ascetic brand of Catholicism, or for denying homeless people the right to watch TV is a little too ridiculous for my tastes.  I mean, would these homeless victims of disease be watching TV if they were still sleeping in alleys?  Would they care about the Olympics then?  The real problem here is that Hitchens has yet to make the necessary leap from attacking MoTo to attacking the Catholic Church in general.  Mother Teresa's actions are perfectly in line with church teaching.  Even ones that are slightly unsavory, like the unwilling baptism of Muslims and Hindus, can be seen as an honest attempt to help people enter the Kingdom of Heaven.  If you don't want religion forced upon you, then don't accept charity from the religious.  Seems like a fair plan to me.  Then there is the "cheerful sign" at the morgue "I am going to Heaven today."  Although this reminds me of Billy Graham or whoever saying that the victims of 9/11 wouldn't come back if they were given the chance, it is still brilliantly funny.  I want that sign at the morgue I go to when I die.  As a secularist, I certainly prefer focus on the here-and-now, and MoTo's emphasis is clearly on the hereafter, and Hitchens makes a strong argument that her operation doesn't really help people out that much, beyond giving them a cot to lay in for the brutal final moments.  But does any of that make her a monster?  Hitchens certainly seems to be aiming that high, and yet it has little weight.  At worst she is just another proselytizing religious figure, one who should be commended for actually having strong beliefs and consistency.  I agree that this atittude just reinforces the fact that MoTo and her like don't really care if people die (then they get to go to heaven), but do care that they are born in the first place -- which means that in a sense you could say that the Catholic position is one of long term mass-murder, in which they insist people be born only so that these people can die in terrible misery.  The Church as ultimate sadist.  Mother Teresa is not a terrible woman, she is simply a strong and dedicated disciple of a religious system with some fucked up priorities.   I hope that Hitch will make that connection soon, or all is lost.  For an interesting, and not necessarily pro-religious, look at this phenomenon of liberal moral relativists proclaiming that anyone who truly believes in anything is a monster, go read    Slavoj Zizek on  The Passion of the Christ