When Dennis Hastert first emerged from the pack of unknown congressmen to become Speaker in the wake of Gingrich's downfall, one of his strongest supporters was the man I had expected to seize the gavel: Tom DeLay.  DeLay, and other Republican leaders, likely realized that DeLay's style would be too controversial in the wake of the far less flamboyant Gingrich.  Hastert has been a quiet sort of leader, and it's easy to forget he's the Speaker, when he's so easily overshadowed by DeLay, Hyde and others on his side, and by Pelosi in the minority.  But we can see the DeLay in Hastert in full flower when he not only    pretends not to know who John McCain is , but then segues into a disgusting tirade in which he questions McCain's patriotism:   If you want to see the sacrifice, John McCain ought to visit our young men and women at Walter Reed and Bethesda. There's the sacrifice in this country. We're trying to make sure they have the ability to fight this war, that they have the wherewithal to be able to do it. And, at the same time, we have to react to keep this country strong.   Few in the Senate have matched McCain for sheer hawkishness in the years since 9-11-01, and possibly no one in Congress has suffered as much as the hands of the enemy.  To turn McCain's criticism of the Republican party's dedication to deficit spending and its abandonment of traditional conservative principles of small-government and limited spending into an attack on McCain's commitment to the war is repulsive.  Hastert questions McCain's credentials as a Republican because he knows it is the only way to deflect attention away from the fact that pushing for    ever-increasing budgets  while simultaneously slashing taxes can only result in a towering national debt and eventual bankruptcy.  There is nothing in this plan that is "conservative" by American standards.  Only by older, European Tory standards of massive imperial government can the Bush plan be seen as conservative.  Republican attacks like these are increasingly desperate, as they turn not only on heroic veterans like Max Cleland of Georgia, but on their own as well.  The Republicans have become a one-note party, in which every piece of their agenda is essential to defeating terrorism and in which anyone who stands in their way is somehow supporting the terrorists.  From Karen Hughes comparing    abortion rights supporters to terrorists  all the way to Speaker Hastert's idiotic posturing on McCain Republicans simply can't find rational, decent and humane arguments for their policies, so they fall back on the same tired "fifth column" attacks of old.  And, worse yet, they still seem to work.  Perhaps, in a year when the Democratic nominee supports fiscal responsiblity, it's finally time for McCain to jump ship.  When the GOP turns its hairy, hunched back on one of its proudest and most patriotic members and then challenges his patriotism it is certainly time to go.