Ben was kind enough to send me a copy of Christopher Hitchens's delightfully nasty book about Mother Teresa, with the even more delightfully nasty title     The Missionary Position: Mother Teresa in Theory and Practice .   I'll be posting my thoughts on the book as I read it, which I suspect won't take long.  The level of academic stature it rises to is pretty much summed up by the fact that the largest critical blurb on the back cover is from John Waters, himself a bastion of fair and accurate discource, declaring the book "Hilariously Mean."  So, I'm not expecting Slavoj Zizek.  Although, I do wonder what Slavoj would think of her, come to think of it.  I already have a few minor quibbling critical points to make.  For one thing, where are the footnotes?  This isn't a huge problem for a number of reasons.  For one thing, as mentioned above, this isn't an academic text.  Polemics can be held to different standards.  Furthermore, all of his references are fairly well cited in-text, allowing us to hunt them down if we really want to.  Still, it would be nice to note the dates on which certain article appeared in newspapers, or on which networks broadcast certain television programs.  Then there are weird errors, which likely can be blamed on lazy editing, or lazy writing, or both.  On p. 8, Mo To (as I like to call her, rapper-style) arrives at "an eight-bed adoption facility" in DC.  By page 10 this has become a "new twelve-bed adoption centre."  Hitchens, or his editor, have magically added 50% more space for orphans in Chevy Chase.  Stil, I'm enjoying it.  I don't hate religion, or the religious, nearly as much as Hitchens and Tom Paine do, but I've never been amused by hagiography, and everything about her is so hagiographic.  "Mother Teresa, you're so magnificent and selfless!  Can I wash your vagina?"  Also, I think Hitchens is really trying to get at a bigger point (which I'll discuss more later, if he gets to it, or if he doesn't) which is that Mother Teresa can be seen as a sign for all of religious activity -- in which religions quickly cease to be radical and quickly become part of the establishment, and that "charity" is just a way of keeping the poor in their place.  Case in point:  "I think it is very beautiful for the poor to aceept their lot, to share it with the passion of Christ.  I think the world is being very much helped by the suffering of the poor."  That is Mother Teresa, from a poorly cited interview.  I'll check back in with more thoughts, including a possible Nietzschean reading of that quote, later.  Right now, I have some vaginas to wash.