Nothing -- so so sayeth Oregon and Portland voters.  With the primary election results mostly in, Jim Francesconi's million dollar campaign couldn't even buy him a plurality of votes.  He'll be heading into a runoff with former police chief Tom Potter as the underdog.  And not once has Portland chosen the second place winner in November.  Potter finished a few points ahead of Francesconi, while raising just over $60,000 dollars, about six percent of what Francesconi raised and spent.  Potter voluntarily limited contributions to $25 and has made a strong case that grass roots progressive political action can have major impact at the municipal level.  Potter's plurality comes, of course, on the heels of a series of deadly police shootings.  Potter has the experience with police issues, and the dedication to community policing, that the people of Portland may finally be demanding, after too many years of Vera Katz doing too little too late.  Now, to solidify his position he will need to broaden his base away from progressive voters, who were likely more prevalent yesterday as they cast their votes of both Kucinich and Kerry.  Speaking of which, Kucinich spent a full month campaigning in Oregon and ending up with 16% yesterday.  Not a bad showing in a race in which the winner has already been chosen.  But still, not as good as many post-Nader progressive might have hoped for.  In other political news -- Katz's former chief-of-staff Sam Adams finishes ten points behind Nick Fish to force a run-off in November.  Adams has a tendency to look like a bit demon who hungers to devour your soul through your asshole, but he has experience and isn't an East Coast Republican, so that is good.  I prefer Adams to Fish, but not because we're both gay.  Afterall, Fish lists Barney Frank as one of his political mentors.  Ewwwww.  Besides, I love Sam Adams beer.  If the name is good enough for the Brewer Patriot, it's good enough for the City Commission.  Randy Leonard, a City Commissioner I endorsed when he ran last year, or whenever it was, and who I now have mixed feelings on, has also been re-elected, despite an entire of gang of pro-business candidates opposing him.  Leonard has been autocratic and a little nutty, but he's also come down on the right side on more issues than not, so I'm glad he'll be remaining where he is.  Goli Ameri, a beautiful and intelligent Persian-American, won the Republican primary to face the somewhat clueless David Wu in the 1st Congressional district.  Ameri would become the first Iranian American Congresswoman, as Wu is the first Chinese America congressman.  I still urge voters in the 1st to stick with Wu, but only because he's a Democrat.  In a perfect world in which the Republican leadership wasn't one big douchebag I might feel differently.  And speaking of douches . . .    Lyndon LaRouche  took about 2.5 perfect in the presidential primary, proving that    crazy fascists  who believe    Queen Elizabeth was behind the OKC bombing  and are linked to the    mysterious deaths of young Jews  are always popular in times of war.  Full coverage of all races can be found at    OregonLive.com .