When will David Brock decide to shut up?  This is  the  question plaguing America today.  Brock, who made his name as the right-wing attack dog who savaged Anita Hill so effectively, is now trying to remake his name as a Leftist critic of the Right.  I'm not exactly sure how he had such a sudden conversion, and frankly I don't care. What I do know is that he really needs to shut his mouth already.  Brock's book  Blinded By The Right  chronicled his epiphany and was essentially his admission to all the great evils he committed.  Okay, fine.  I mean, I think it's a little hard to trust anything an admitted liar-for-hire has to say about his old bosses, which as Laura Kipnis    points out  at Slate, began shortly after his book on Hillary Clinton failed to inspire the Right in quite the same way as the book on Hill.  Still,   Blinded  is a worthwhile book, and gives some insights into the way the Right-wing smear-machine works.  Of course, it ignores the fact that Clinton had his own smear-tacticians (the aide assigned to "bimbo-patrol" in 1992, for instance) or the fact that although Right-wingers did, indeed, make up lies and distort Clinton's record that doesn't excuse the fact that he was a grade-A double-shot liar himself.  But what do we expect?  Brock is like a fish with one eye -- he can only look in one direction.  At the moment, that eye is fixed to the Right, hunting out the misdeeds in his old school, while his new school swarms and feeds with abandon.  Brock has a new book out now, called  The Republican Noise Machine .  Excerpts of this book can be found at Salon.     Here  and    here , oh yeah and an    interview .  Brock might have no career at all if not for Salon.  These excerpts and interviews are so poorly written and funny that I can't even talk about them.  Read at your own risk, and be prepared for Brock's pious declaration that NPR and the New York Times are "fair and accurate."  Which brings me to Brock's super-lame, and very poorly formatted, new website:    Media Matters For America .  First we must ask ourselves this question: "Why does this title suck so much?"  then we must answer it: "Oh yeah, this is David Brock's new site."  This is a "Web-based, not-for-profit progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the U.S. media."  Yes, it is comprehensive all right.  Of 41 items posted on the site's front page, a full 19 are about Rush Limbaugh -- and all are about the same thing, Limbaugh's support for torture.  The fact is, they aren't correcting any misinformation from Limbaugh, just pointing out that he says disgusting and horrifying things. About 10 others are on Michael Savage saying disgusting and outrageous things.  The rest are an assortment of Sean Hannity and Bill Kristol quotes.  Which leaves me a little perplexed.  Afterall, Right-wing distortions matter when they invade our homes in forms we can't see, or can't see clearly.  For several years very few Americans knew Bill O'Reilly was a die-hard conservative because he lied about it all the time.  That was scary.  But we outted Bill, and now he's living his conservative life very happily.  But come on, who listens to Rush and doesn't realize he is a Right-wing zealot?  You may believe what he says, or you may realize he's full of shit, but there is no question of where he stands.  Michael Savage is an even easier target.  Bill Kristol, although possessed of the wit and intelligence that Limbaugh and Savage lack, is also a bold and proud conservative.  Kristol is perhaps the only one that is listened to by liberals as well as conservatives, because he alone has the credibility to maintain a broad audience.  But Brock doesn't care.  He's not looking for a broad audience for himself anyway.  He's looking for a few wealthy limo-liberals to pony up some cash to keep his "web-based media center" running and his wallet full.  In order to do this, Brock uses his instinctual skill at finding the people (not issues) that most rile up his base.  And so we have Limbaugh, Limbaugh, Limbaugh, Savage, Limbaugh, Hannity, Savage, Limbaugh and a little more Limbaugh.  He also mentions himself, a lot.  His name probably appears as often as Rush's.  Brock is the cheapest media whore of them all.  Brock's    letter to readers  is particularly narcissistic and reveals that Brock's entire career exists only because he is an "ex-conservative."  Ex-conservatives, I imagine, are a bit like ex-gays.  In order to maintain his new, inorganic role in life, he must constantly talk about his conversion experience.  The moment of Brock's Redemption from the Right has become his sole purpose for existing.  And so, he keeps pushing his autobiography down our throats.  We get it already, David.  You were a asshole.  Now you're not.  Oh wait, yes you are.  I imagine that if every liberal in America stopped listening to him, he'd throw another drama queen hissy fit, apologize to Rush, and convert again.  We can only hope.  Brock is only good at two things: smearing his enemies, and marketing himself.  "Media Matters for America," though, has the desperate stench of a whore long past her prime still hawking it on the corner.  David, go home already, you tired old queen.