I have supported Senator Kerry for a long time, and am glad to see him poised to become President.  I am also sad that so many people who should be supporting him are spending all their effort being mean to my boy.  Not only is Mickey Kaus trying to prove that Kerry should be dumped before (or during) the Convention, and that all the Democratic elites are "panicking" over him, but now Tim has posted this    inflammatory statement of apathy  (and an especially flattering photo of Kerry to go with it).  Frankly, I'm getting very sick and tired of the "Kerry has no message" line.  There is some truth to this statement of course, but it's still a steaming pile of maggot-infested, yet surprisingly fresh and tasty, horsecrap!  Kerry has many messages, as can be found with    only a little bit of effort  on the part of you, fair voter.  God forbid that a candidate should have nuanced positions on a wide range of issues.  No, no.  Senator Kerry is expected to hand you a nicely wrapped message on a silver tray with a pretty pink bow.  Oh sure, most effective messages are simple.  "It's the economy, Stupid!" worked wonders in 1992.  But come on, people, can't we for one solitary minute enjoy having a candidate who isn't so neatly packaged?  He will package himself very well by the Convention and will peel through Aug-Sept-Oct and win on the first tuesday in November in the usual, strong-finisher Kerry fashion.  Even if he HAD a strong, easy-to-read, kindergarten level message for you all to eat up like dogs at a vomit-trough, it wouldn't do him any good.  It's too early.  Oh much is being made of the fact that his numbers don't bump up even when Bush's fall.  So what?  No one is paying attention yet.  Just those of us with nothing better to do, really, sitting around bemoaning the fate of the free world while refusing to pony up a little cash to help save that world.  Also, let us reflect on this:  Kerry has been through a grueling primary race that everyone was certain he would lose.  In order to win that race, he had to use certain tactics that are now of little use to him.  He must reposition himself, as all candidates who emerge from nasty primaries must.  This takes time.  Bush has had no primary, and has had the two and a half years since Sept 11, 2001 to refine his message.  It is a simple one, gloriously so: "If you don't vote for me, you will die."  Bush has the advantage for now, but we will never succeed in wresting it away from his contorted, silent-movie-moustache-waxing-villain claws if we just sit around and whine about how we wish Howard "Midget Bush" Dean had been given the nomination, or how wonderful it would be if the Convention erupted in orgasms and rejected Kerry in favor of pretty-boy Edwards, or lumbering hulk Michael Moore, or the sprightly leprechaun we call Kucinich.  Or, of course, we could all just fall to our knees and lick Nader's crazy-eye, and hand Bush the presidency again.  Or, we can, you know, be serious voting adults about it and support the man who will not only beat Bush in November but may flourish into one of the great presidents of our new century.  ps: Tim, this is not a personal attack on you.  Okay, well, not  just  you.  I'm angry at Mickey Kaus too.  And you deserve it anyway.