My friend Jesse, came up this weekend and we wanted to go to a theater-pub and drink some beer and watch a movie.  Unfortunately, there weren't many exciting movie options at said pubs.  So we settled for   Monster , which neither of us had seen, but both at least were interested in.  Paying three dollars for a movie, and getting to numb your way through it with Pabst really makes anything watchable, I think.  This movie was okay.  It was even "good" if you want to stretch that word's meaning far beyond its normal definition.  I was never bored by it, it was paced well and not overly long.  It had some great shots, which were even greater since they jumped out at you from the otherwise drab cinematography.  It had two great performances, from Charlize Theron, who did less well than many seemed to think, but who was definitely on a par with most of her fellow Academy Award alumni, and Christina Ricci, who provided some of the most complicated emotional/psychological work in the movie and who hasn't been given enough credit.  In fact, without Ricci's big-eyed pseudo-naif act the movie likely wouldn't have worked.  The best scenes were easily the ones where the two actresses were together; their lust, their manipulations, their awkwardness feed on each other to produce remarkable results.  So much of the rest of the movie was unhinged and methodical.  And far too much time was spent trying to make the serial killer sympathetic.  Serial killers are not sympathetic people, no matter how much they went through before going on their killing sprees.  No amount of cliched feminist grandstanding can make me really think this woman shouldn't have been executed.  One of the most profound sentiments in the film is uttered by the Ricci's characters aunt, who is portrayed as a racist Southern idiot, who says "Lots of us had bad lives.  But we can't all just be hookers and druggies because our mom was mean to us!"  The filmmaker wants us to take that statement as more proof that these people just don't "get" Aileen Wuornos.  But we do get her, we just aren't willing to let her terrible life make it okay for her to murder innocent men.  This movie, a bit like   The Day After Tomorrow , spends too much time trying to fashion a political statement where there isn't one to be found.  I suppose this could have become an anti-death penalty film, but the message given is that she shouldn't have been put to death because she had been raped by the first guy she killed.  That isn't an argument against capital punishment, it's an argument for mitigating circumstances.  We can't get a real look into this woman's soul, or what drives her, because of the hurdles thrown in our way.  And worst of all, the movie doesn't even deliver the serial killer goods.  We see a few murders (four the seven she committed), which are portrayed with a kind of detached ferocity that is respectable, but not virtuoso.  If I am going to have to watch a serial killer movie, I at least want to see a lot of murdering.  This film would have been greatly perfected if director Patty Jenkins had followed my formula: "Less weeping, more murdering."  Sometimes a movie is bad, but has a great performance or two that make it worth your time (the recent Plath biopic,   Sylvia  is an example).  And sometimes even a great performance is so utterly wasted on a poor script that it becomes meaningless.  Ricci was brilliant and memorable, but as good as Charlize Theron was, and she was very good, I won't remember her performance at all once she's handed the golden statue off to the next in the line of Hollywood actresses to win it next spring.  I will forget the rest of the movie much sooner.