In the waning days of the Clinton Administration, we were treated to endless paeans from gay activists on how Clinton had been the greatest president for gays in American History.  Possibly true, I suppose, considering that few other presidents gave much thought to gays, and those who did (like Reagan) were virulently homophobic in practice.  Still, I think the Gay Rights Movement as manifested in vaguely liberal wishy-washy mainstream organizations like    The Human Rights Campaign  may be the most blind or stupid movement in American civil rights history.  A few of Clinton's achievements on gay rights:  1. Don't Ask/Don't Tell: Clinton turns pansy on his promise to lift the ban on gays in our armed forces by creating this "solution" which is worse than the problem he sought to solve.  Now, not only is gay sex illegal in the forces, but so is any mention of your orientation or proclivities to anyone at all.  This new policy led to    increasingly large  numbers of discharges throughout Clinton's Administration.  2. Signed the Defense of Marriage Act -- a blatantly unconstitutional law, passed at a time when gay marriage was still likely many years in the future, with the sole intent of writing discrimination directly into Federal law.  3.   Appoints James Hormel  and two other gays to substantial government office.  Hormel is the most high profile, a high-paying campaign donor of Chili fame, nominated to head up our extremely important delegation to Luxembourg.  (this link has an inappropriate reference to "potential closeted lesbians" of high rank -- the reference is clearly to Secretary of Health and Human Services Donna Shalala and to Attorney General Janet Reno.  Say what you will about either of those women, but any woman in high office who has no husband is always accused of being a lesbo, Condi included)  4. Bans discrimination in civilian federal hiring practices -- this is a real achievement, and I will give him credit when it's due.  But the fact is that firing based on sexual orientation in the civilian government workforce was never as severe as it was in the military -- and on that front, Clinton exacerbated the problem.  Now, let us compare to Bush:  1. Leaves in place Clinton's military policy 2. Leaves in place Clinton's ban on workplace discrimination 3. Appoints    dozens  of gays to offices, including the head of National AIDS Policy, a move which enraged his supporters on the Right. 4. Endorses the Federal Marriage Amendment  It is only with the recent advent of No. 4 -- which I actually thought Bush wouldn't do, that he eclipses Clinton as the more homophobic of our two most recent presidents.  Before that, a strong argument could be made that Bush was actually BETTER for gays than Clinton.  Andrew Sullivan carried    this link  today about Bush's AIDS policy, so I'll just refer you on.  It is from the New York Times, which requires you to register.  It's not much trouble, and is well worth it.  Of course, gay rights groups don't want to talk about it.  We sneer at the    Log Cabin Republicans  and bemoan the loss of the White House.  We have built a myth out of Clinton's tenure that is untenable.  Until we are willing to confront the reality of Clinton's legacy on gays, and of Bush's, we will forever be unable to become an effective political voice.  Democrats now see that they can take us for granted without giving us any reason to support them.  When the best thing the Democratic Party as a whole (minus a few brave souls like House minority leader Nancy Pelosi) can say is "Well, we don't hate you enough to pass an Amendment codifying our hatred of you . . ," we have a serious problem, don't we?  If real change comes in this country, it will likely come from a volatile and vocal uprising of queers within the Democratic Party or from the Log Cabin Republicans, Andrew Sullivan and other gays on the Right.  HRC, NGLTF and all the other mainstream, namby-pamby white-picket-fence gay groups simply have no credibility and no spine.