Before I begin this little spiel, I suppose I have to go on record saying that I unequivocally support the rights of all people to marry as they see fit.  That being said, there is something vaguely creepy and a little bit sad to me about the gay marriage movement.  I am happy for those who can now express their love legally.  That's all well and good, and I would not think to take it away from them.  But there are still a few things troubling me.  For one thing, I can't help but think of this as a step BACK.  It's not a progressive action in any sense of that word.  Marriage is an ancient tradition which has existed in many forms throughout human history.  In virtually all of those forms it has been rooted in the oppression of one or more of the partners.  "The family," in whatever form it takes, is part of the fabric that holds together a community.  To disrupt the values of that community, disrupting the family is a good place to start.  Gay marriage disrupts nothing.  It is a tacit admission by the "gay community" (whatever the hell that is, anyway) that long-term, civil and religious monogamy, preferably with children, is the right, true and proper way to be in love.  It is also an admission that the government has the right to tell us that some love is legitimate and that some other is not.  Remember when Senator Santorum spoke out against sodomy, enraging every queer in America, including Dan Savage who soon applied the Senator's name to    the frothy mixture of lube and fecal matter that is sometimes a byproduct of anal sex" ?  Well, Senator Santorum richly deserved this appellation, but it wasn't for the reasons so often stated.  It wasn't because he compared gay sex to promiscuity, polygamy and prostitution.  It was because he compared us to pedophiles and people who have sex with animals.  None of the gay organizations focus on that, it is only on this portion of his statement:   "If the Supreme Court says that you have a right to consensual sex within your home, then you have the right to bigamy, you have the right to polygamy, you have the right to incest, you have the right to adultery. You have the right to anything."   He is absolutely right that gay sex and gay marriage can and should be compared to multiple-marriage and prostitution, adultery, incest and all the rest: that is if we want gay marriage actually to be progressive.  Of course, we don't.  The audible gasps greeting Santorum's pronouncement reflect on the fact that Andrew Sullivan has won, and even "liberal gays" are really as conservative as the Family Values Right of James Dobson, et al.  The issue is not whether gays should be allowed to marry; the issue is whether the state has any right at all to regulate our love and our sexuality.  Why is there such an institution as civil marriage at all?  Why can I not bestow the "rights" inherent in marriage (that is, power of attorney, medical guardianship, inheritance rights) on whoever the fuck I please?  And how exactly does increasing the regulation of marriage to include another "privileged" set at the expense of untold other still unprivileged sets (those who have multiple partners, those with no partners, etc) help anything?  I am not, generally speaking, opposed to regulation.  But I am opposed to the state regulating my personal life, in any way.  I don't need the Supreme Court or Congress or the Multnomah County Commission to tell me that my relationships are or are not legitimate based on their arbitrary, conservative and hypocritical standards.  The most profoundly meaningful and progressive thing all of us, gay and straight, can now do is  refuse to get married!   Stay single, become "partners" or get married in your church, but do not head down to the License Bureaus and pay the government your hard earned money so that they can condescendingly approve of your relationship.  Fuck the Gay Marriage Movement.  It's time for a No Marriage Movement.