I am not going to pretend that I actually read    National Review Online .  To be honest, I only go when it is linked to by either   Sully  or Mickey Kaus's    kausfiles .  Mickey linked me over to read Jonah Goldberg's column attacking  60 Minutes II 's decision to air the Iraqi prisoner photos.  In fairness to Jonah, who is not nearly so clueless as I'm about to make him out to be, please go read his article,    here .  The quote that's most important for his purposes, and my own, is this:   Lost is the fact that in America torturers get punished, while in the Arab world they get promotions. Huge percentages of Arabs are illiterate, which means these pictures will tell the whole story, particularly in the hands of the vilely anti-American Arab media. This will harden hearts against us and almost certainly result in lost American and Iraqi lives.  To an extent, Goldberg is right.  The publication has already led to lost lives.  The "justification" for Nick Berg's violent assassination was the abuse at Abu Ghraib.  Of course, to actually blame Berg's death on the publication of the photos misses two essential points.  The first is that the photos themselves  aren't that important.  They are disturbing and enraging, yes.  But does Jonah really think that the "viley anti-American Arab media" care about the photos themselves?  Or is it perhaps the actual  abuse  that stokes their anger?  And do they need pictures to prove it, or would words suffice?  The more important point is that terrorists like Zarqawi don't need any excuses to kill people, American or otherwise.  This may be a convenience for them, but let us all pause and reflect for a moment on the fact that killing people for no discernible reason is what al Qaeda does best.  There is something even greater at stake, though.  The future of democracy hangs on such issues as this scandal.  You may think I overstate, and maybe I do, but not by much.  Democracy is not just a political system in which people vote for their leaders.  It is a philosophical construct of values that give meaning and purpose to our entire cultural system.  One of those values, perhaps the most vital of them, is transparency and accountability.  What good is voting for leaders if they then escape into a vaccuum where we cannot touch them?  It was this insistence on accountability and openness that made the best argument for the impeachment of President Clinton, and conservatives shouldn't be so willy-nilly in throwing it away.  We have no evidence that Goldberg is right in asserting that in America torturers get punished.  Certainly some will be punished now, because of the publication of the photos.  But considering the schizophrenic reaction within the Pentagon and the possibility (which I have publicly doubted on this very blog) that the abuse was orchestrated by people much higher up than Lynndie England, how do we know that any punishment would have come?  It would be best for us to act quickly and release  all  photographic evidence immediately.  Why?  Because it may be our only way of proving to the people of Iraq, and throughout the Arab and Muslim worlds, that American democracy works.  That when things go wrong, we actually do something.  Keeping them secret may not exactly be a cover-up, but it will undoubtedly lead to countless conspiracy theories at home and abroad which will fuel more rage than honesty possible could.  Maybe releasing these photos has, and will, cause many lives to be lost.  Democracy is not always pretty; it is not always safe.  But to sacrifice one of the greatest aspects of democracy to the terrorists just to keep them from killing us (remember, folks, they don't need any reason to kill us) is both cowardly and futile.  Jonah Goldberg sees Iraqis as dangerous leopards who must be kept at bay by any mean necessary.  He is wholly uninterested in establishing democracy in the Middle East or in protecting the American system.  The invasion and occupation of Iraq was not to liberate anyone, but to cage the wild beasts before they can kill.  I never thought Bush was all that concerned with his promise that the end of Saddam's reign would give Iraqis a chance to forge their own future, and I am certain the Jonah isn't.  I agree with Mickey Kaus that we should get out of Iraq soon, turning the government over to Iraqis, and leaving as small a force of international peacekeepers on the ground as possible for the sake of stability.  Still, I'm not surprised that Kaus would advocate both early elections and support Goldberg's defense of secrecy in government.  Kaus also sees Iraqis as leopards, but unlike Goldberg he is unwilling to keep them caged, and would rather run as far as he can.  But we cannot run, Mickey.  And we cannot hide, Jonah.  Our only option is to stand at fight back with the only weapons we have: democracy, accountability and transparency.