It does not surprise me that conservative culture warriors choose to blame things like Abu Ghraib on women in the military or pornography or whatever else they can.  It is part of the pathology in which supporters of war refuse to admit that war has any bad consequences.  The theory goes thus: Americans love porn, therefore when Americans torture prisoners in a field of war and record their exploits it is because our culture accepts pornography.  So, even if this is true, it misses the whole goddamn point!  It buys into the notion that the torture itself wasn't so bad, it was the RECORDING that these MP's should be ashamed of.  Of course, it's not true.  Torturers throughout history have documented their exploits in writing, photography and film.  When we uncover serial killers' ghastly back-yard sheds of skin and livers and then find their diaries exulting in their conquests, it is not porno they are writing, it is simply a record.  Showing how powerful you are, destroying your enemies and reducing them to animals, really is no fun if no one gets to KNOW ABOUT IT!  In a sense, it is pornography.  But that is not to say that American culture (which is not as pro-porn as these porno-will-make-you-torture-Iraqi-prisoners defense think it is) is to blame.  At least not American sexual libertine culture.  I'd rather blame American military culture.  Then of course, they use this unrelated story to back things up:    "Sick Romps at Porny Prison" .  The problem?  Just as torture has always been a part of war, so has sex.  With a sexually integrated military, this just changes the dynamic.  Sometimes not by much (as with sexual abuse allegations by female soldiers and cadets against their male colleagues attest) -- but perhaps sometimes they do.  Who cares if a female MP was engaged in a gang bang at Abu Ghraib?  Isn't' that, really, her business?  Hers and the fifteen men she was screwing?  No, of course not.  Afterall, only women who like to be slammed by a dozen men at a time would ever think of torturing someone.  And of course the evidence is plain that they are already sick and probably criminal.  At least, in this case, she was apparently engaged in consensual sex acts.  This is far better than the soldiers dropping into Baghdad to take some from whoever they can find.  War is a nasty beast.  If you choose to ride it, be prepared to nurse its babies: torture, rape and the general breakdown of normal moral standards.