This post also features news that's a few days past its prime.  In my defense, I did write about this earlier, only to have the website freak out and destroy my posting.  It was a little longer, but mostly boring, so I won't try to recreate it.  Portland has lost its resident Howard Stern wannabe, Marconi.  Or rather, Marconi has lost Portland.  After years of crude, crass and childishly funny radio talkshow blather, Marconi crossed the line by    airing the death screams  of Nick Berg while making insensitive jokes over it, and was summarily fired.  I'm not sure this surprises me.  In a way, it does.  Marconi is not always the most intelligent of radio hosts.  He lacks the polished, nuanced comedic talents of Howard Stern. And yet, somehow, I always found him more humane.  He had a clear love for those he interviewed, even when he condescended to them.  Like John Waters, Marconi had a sensibility in which all things can be laughed at, and in which laughing at someone is not so much cruel as it is loving and admirable.  I don't want to stroke his ego too much, and I've already crossed into hyperbole by comparing him to one of the great provocative artists of our time, but what I meant to point out is that despite the frat-house jokes about mayonnaise, bacon, strippers and yam-bags, Marconi seemed to be a decent person.  The apology on   his website  seems lame, trite and insincere (and features appalling grammar and the delightfully Freudian "please except my apology," as well as some spectacularly inappropriate capitalization), and perhaps I was wrong about how decent he was.  Instead of using humor as a way to make the horrors of this world manageable, he has used it as a way to make them even more horrific.  And unlike Neil Goldschmidt, Marconi has done nothing with his career that can even begin to mitigate his downfall.  Although I have refused to listen to Marconi since he move to mornings disrupted my morning rides home and pushed the brilliant, clever and sexy   Daria  to another, lame-ass, radio-sation, I still feel a little sad that there will no longer be gleefully immature humor filling our airwaves.  Marconi, like most of his ilk, feared the FCC. But in the end he had only his own antisocial persona to blame for his demise.