I admit that I'm a little slow on the uptake, and this story technically broke before I started this blog, but I have just gotten around to reading the  Willamette Week 's    cover story   on former Oregon Governor Neil Goldschmidt's sexual relationship with a fourteen year old girl beginning in 1975.  The article begins on the very cover of the newspaper, and this blaring uber-headline ends with the sentence, "But it is clear that today, on her 43rd birthday, living a thousand miles from her friends and family in Portland, she is a haunted woman."  The implication is that she has fled Portland to hide from Goldschmidt, that she has no friends and family where she is, and that Goldschmidt's abuse is at the center of her haunting.  I have no doubt that being victimized by a much older man had a terrible impact on this woman's life and is at least part of the reason that so much in her life went awry.  But the implications left so early on are at least partially false.  She has a family in Nevada (where she now lives) including a husband and a stepdaughter.  She was sexually abused by a family member (her cousin points to the grandfather as the culprit), before or during her relationship with Goldschmidt.  How much of a role did his actions play in her development?  I don't know, and likely nor does she.  Later in her life, she was kidnapped and brutally raped, left in worse shape than any other victim the judge in this case had ever seen.  Certainly her past history of sexual abuse, by at least two people, greatly effected her reaction to this final, horrible crime.  And certainly this final crime has led in its own way to a great deal of the pain she now feels.  But of course, the   WW   buries most of this near the bottom of the article, which uses a compare/contrast style to show how her descent into a more and more chaotic and unstable world mirrored Goldschmidt's rapid rise from brilliant young mayor to Cabinet member to Nike executive, to Governor and beyond.  Stylistically, the piece is certainly effective.  It has the kind of grand, spectacular tragic arc we expect from Tolstoy or Flaubert, or perhaps from Goethe's   Faust  .  I'm just not convinced that it paints an accurate portrayal of either character's life.  Goldschmidt's apology seemed genuinely heartfelt, and I happen to believe him when he admits to the deep horror and guilt he feels over his actions.  That does not mean that I excuse them, or "understand" them, but simply that I think he has struggled to come to terms with what kind of a person he is, that he could do this to a young woman.  I also don't know how far I buy the   WW  's assertion, without a great deal to back it up, that this event is at the center of the now middle-aged woman's psyche.  She refused to admit the nature of their relationship to the reporters, so how much could they have learned?  The fact that her hands shook so badly she couldn't light her cigarette is meant to convey her subliminal pain and fear at the mere mention of his name, but we also know she takes anticonvulsant medications and has suffered seizures -- so could the shaking hands not also simply signify a physical disorder, or a general psychiatric problem?  Another question that I thought of during my time reading this article was the question of vocabulary.  What do we call what Goldschmidt did?  It was, by all accounts, "consensual," and yet certainly violated the law's definition thereof.  Did he "molest" her, did he "rape" her, did he "take advantage" of her?  What exactly did he do?  I'm not sure that any word works that easily, though consensual or not he certainly victimized her.  Legally, he raped her.  But then I imagine when I was 14 or 15 and had an English teacher who I thought was the most amazingly good looking man I'd ever seen.  As an intelligent teenager I thought of myself as easily this man's equal, and imagined us having a healthy, normal relationship.  It didn't matter that he was in his 30s.  If he'd wanted to have sex with me, I'd have gone along.  And I'd be pretty f'ed up these days, I'm sure.  Perhaps more when I realized that he did not see us as having a mutual or equal relationship and that all he wanted was sex and not long, drawn-out conversations on Faulkner, than by the sex itself.  I cannot speak for her, or any other victims of this type of sexual abuse, but I can empathize both with their own actions and the pain and conflict that comes after.  I wish this woman all the best in her life, but I leave it up to her to decide whether or not Goldschmidt deserves hatred or forgiveness.  Goldschmidt committed a grave crime, and were it not long after the statute of limitations has run out, he would deserve whatever punishment came his way.  But I am left with a lingering, dirty feeling after reading this article.  How much about this woman did we need to know?  Did we need to know about her medications, her repeated job losses, her run-ins with the law, her drinking habits?  They do not identify her by name, and that is good, but still.  They wanted a good story of a woman torn apart by her affair with the mayor, and they succeeded.  But I think that she may still be the victim of this story, which does little to shed light on Goldschmidt's actions, or on its effect on his legacy as one of the great figures of Oregon history, and does nothing to put her fears and demons to rest.  And then, what of his legacy?  How does this, and how should this, change that?  This is a less thorny problem.  Perhaps because so much of Goldschmidt's towering achievements occurred during his stint as Mayor of Portland, which coincided with the abuse, but is also 30 years history to us now.  It is also easier because of how profoundly he impacted, almost entirely for the better, the city of Portland and the state of Oregon.  He was at the vanguard of the movement to install innovative transportation solutions (such as the light rail), to create a thriving down town around Pioneer Courthouse Square, to block the proposed interstate highway through Southeast Portland to Mount Hood and too many other things for me to bother typing about.  He was, perhaps, too smart for his own good.  Like so many great figures, real and imagined, his hubris led him to believe he could do anything, that our moral codes don't apply to his actions.  He was wrong, and in the end his career, which had just been reawakened by the election of his protege, Ted Kulongoski, to the governor's office, will be remembered as one that began with great success and ended in terrible shame.