With the eruption of insincere and naive "shock" over the revelations of torture and humiliation, sexual and otherwise, at Abu Ghraib, a great deal of discussion has focused on the sexual nature of much of the humiliation and on who may or may not have ordered these practices.  The debate is muddled by a number of factors, not least of all the political necessity of pretending such abuses are aberrant and somehow outside the morality of war.  Of course, President Bush has not expressed any shock or outrage over the deaths of innocent children in Baghdad during the conquest last year.  That, apparently, was moral and justifiable (if slightly unsavory), but the humiliation of captives is somehow beyond the pale.  This is not intended to justify the actions of those who abused prisoners. Although trying to civilize the least civilized of human urges is probably futile, it still must be done.  A democracy requires transparency of actions and public accountability and demands the rule of law.  All those who participated in such acts should be punished and it is essential that we uncover just how far up this conspiracy to stretch the Geneva Convention to its boundaries and beyond goes.  However, I think something needs to be said about one of the least intelligible arguments being bandied about these days.  Was the sexual humiliation of these prisoners designed specifically to violate the sensibilities of Muslim men?  And if so, does that prove that superiors gave the orders?  The answer to both questions is no.  Although this is now a favorite of opinion-makers around the globe it fails to make sense to me.  Susan Collins, the moderate and generally insightful Senator from Maine, made this a key part of her questioning of General Taguba and Undersecretary Cambone on the Taguba Report.  The problem with this argument is obvious.  The sexual humiliation in question includes forcing men to masturbate in front of other people and pose for photographs that would make it appear they were engaged in homosexual acts.  Certainly this would disturb and offend any Muslim man.  But the assumption here is that this would be   especially   disturbing to a Muslim, and that American soldiers would need to be told this in order to do it.  Therefore, according to this logic, it would be impossible for mainstream American Christian heterosexuals to imagine being humiliated by public masturbation and mock homosexual acts.  Unfortunately, evangelical Christians, Catholics, mainstream Protestants, Orthodox Jews and even most secular American men have nearly as strong a revulsion for man-on-man action as any Muslim.  If the soldiers were acting on their own and had to think up things that would be excruciatingly humiliating, is it so difficult to imagine that they'd pick exactly these things?  We like to imagine that the Judaeo-Christian culture of America is vastly different in its moral fabric than that of Islamic Arab culture, but in fact it is not, particularly as regards the disgust men feel toward homosexuals.  But even if this    were   designed especially for Muslims, it still wouldn't show that superiors were involved.  Our media culture is saturated with images of Muslim men as it has never been, and the overwhelming focus from coverage of the Taliban to criticisms of Saudi Arabia have been the misogynistic man who defends his hyper-masculinity with violence against all challenges.  Certainly our soldiers cannot be unaware of the sex and gender issues that are so pervasive in Arab culture, or at least of the exaggerated mediated image of those issues.  They could easily come up with this stuff on their own.  Perhaps especially the female soldiers, who are certainly aware of the effect their presence has in Iraq.  And now, of course, we have differing testimonies on this issue.  Lynndie England, in what is almost certainly a futile and cowardly attempt to disavow her guilt, claims she was    just following orders   .  Meanwhile, Jeremy Sivits tells a different story in which the soldiers actively    hid the abuse   from superiors, fearing they would be punished.  It is possible that both accounts are true, since there is lingering doubt as to    who was in charge   at Abu Ghraib.  This means that soldiers may have hid the abuse from some superiors while being influenced by others.  I do not offer a definitive answer to any of the questions around this case, but I think that I have made a case that the particular argument in question proves nothing except overwhelming blindness of its promoters to both the extent of homophobia in American culture and the extent of skewed portrayals of Arab masculinity in the American media.  We need to find the answers to these questions in order to try to figure out how to respond to both this incident and the ones sure to come in the future.  We cannot find these answers if we fail to be honest about our own culture and stop trying to use the issue as a political wedge or a propaganda piece.