As promised, this blog will often feature my take on movies I've seen, both new and old.  And so, as my first real, non-rambly post, I present my thoughts on   Mean Girls  , the new comedy from Tina Fey (the greatest thing   SNL   has going for it) and Mark Waters (the greatest thing Lindsay Lohan has going for her.)    Mean Girls   is a smart and genuinely funny movie.  Fey's screenplay engages all the cliches of High School Movies and subverts them for her own perverse, and surprisingly realistic, purposes.  For the hysterical one-liners alone, this movie could be viewed more than once ("Once she punched me in the face.  And it was AWESOME!" or, even better, "Karen, you can't just ask someone why they're white.")  Except for the ending, which ties everything together in a both predictable and surprising sort of way, everything in the movie is entirely believable, and it lacks the usual moral dynamic of teen movies (bullies are evil, victims are innocent.)  The victimized Janis Ian is as cruel in her way as the queen bee is in hers, and Lindsay Lohan's Cady traverses from one group to another with cool, energetic abandon.  From an experiment, to trying to fit in, to becoming the master of the mean girl universe, she can not be seen as free from guilt.  In that sense this film wields its moral weight in the same way that another great high school film,   The Breakfast Club  , does.  In the course of the film's timeline all the walls are broken down and the fear, rage and vulnerability of the characters is laid bare for us to watch, with voyeuristic glee and some really great jokes.  Mark Waters is not a great director, but he is a good one.  He seems especially adept at drawing out inspiring performances from comedic actresses.  Parker Posey in   The House of Yes  , Lindsay Lohan (again) and especially Jamie Lee Curtis in the fun   Freaky Friday  , and now a whole posse of them here.  Lindsay Lohan manages just the right mixture of nerdy, foreign student delusion and beautiful, big-breasted popular-girl poise.  The Plastics are all three played with perfection, as each actress manages to show herself as a real person, if a serious f'ed up one, in small moments.  The script is, of course, fair to them, and that helps.  Still, too many young actresses would rush through these lines with as much ditzy speed as they could manage and fail to hit the right notes or find the right rhythm.  None of the performances here fall flat.  But special note should be taken of two performances that I especially liked.  The first is Jonathan Bennett's sweet rendering of the typical love-interest character.  Unlike most of these stock types in teen movies, one can actually understand why Cady wants him so badly.  He's handsome, but not extravagantly so, he's smart and actually seems to, you know, care about her and want to help her out with her math homework, even though he's not that good at math.  There is no more tender moment in this movie than when, at the end, he repeats Cady's conflation of 'cool' and 'great' and answers whatever she was saying with "Grool."  The other is the always-adorable and funny Tina Fey, who manages to step outside the assigned personality of her   Weekend Update   anchorwoman to play the kind of math teacher I think we'd all have preferred -- dorky, smart, cute, charming and encouraging, she manages some of the best lines in the film and delivers the core message of the movie in a way that doesn't sound quite as preachy as, in fact, it is.  "We have to stop calling each other sluts and whores. That only makes guys think it's okay to call us sluts and whores."  She just says it.  There is no swell of orchestral music or chest-thumping, she is simply speaking the truth.  And along with various high school secrets we all know but are afraid to talk about (math geeks love rap, band geeks make out all the time in the most disgusting ways possible, students really do make out with gross, hairy-backed gym teachers) this movie does exactly that.  It tells the truth about our messy, nasty, jungly adolescence in a way so funny that it can only be comforting.  Thank God I'm not in high school anymore.