I saw   The Day After Tomorrow  on opening night.  Basically every review I've read says the same thing.  "The effects are cool but the story is bad."  Therefore, I suppose, all the reviews were bad.  This is because critics have this bias towards "story" and "character development" and "plots" that let us "suspend disbelief."  This is all well and good, I suppose.  Except that it misses the point of a movie like this.  Yes, the story is terrible.  Not only is it implausible, but it's sentimental and predictable.  When you can predict every implausible twist, you know something's wrong.  The film's politics are even lamer.  Everything is simplified into an "I-told-you-so" dialectic that doesn't even brush the surface of the real global warming debate.  Conservative viewpoints are reduced haphazardly, of course, without any kind of context.  This is the kind of movie designed to make conservatives look stupid, but which ends up making liberals look even worse.  Okay, so there are also no good performances really, either.  Except for Cheney's stand-in, who delivers his lines with a cold arrogance that is magnificent to behold.  All of these things could have been changed to make a great movie.  But they weren't, and it doesn't matter.  It doesn't matter, because this movie is still a ton of fun to watch.  As ridiculous as it all is, who cares?  Watching tornadoes destroy Los Angeles, and a wave crest   over   the Statue of Liberty, and glaciers march steadily over the northern United States is beautiful to behold.  Pure, wholesale, mass destruction is one of the greatest pleasures to be found on film.  All that plot nonsense is just an attempt to hang the effects around something (and maybe to make a trite message while we're at it.)  The effects here are big and nasty and fun, even the most ridiculous of them (including the instantaneous formation of a glacier covering Manhattan, or the cold air chasing Jake Gyllenhaal (suddenly we're in a monster movie!  Run from the air, Jake, run!)  Even the worst of a dialogue, and the grossest emotional manipulations only emphasize the mayhem being wreaked all around us.  And trust me, there is a lot of manipulation here.  There are scenes designed to make us cheer or laugh, like Americans fleeing into Mexico illegally; there are scenes designed to make us cry, like Sela Ward reading   Peter Pan  to a boy dying of cancer, unsure if either of them will survive the storm.  There is also a scene that is the intellectual's equivalent of the doctor-at-patient's-bedside manipulation.  A tight-assed, dorky man, trapped in the library and forced to burn books to stay alive, clutches a Gutenberg Bible to his chest to protect it from the fire, saying: "If all of Western Civilization is to be wiped out, I will save at least one part of it."  I will admit I'm overly susceptible to such manipulations, and this scene brought a tear to my eye.  A man willing to die with a book in his arms is a man after my own heart.  This movie's worst problem, of course, is the shenanigans of the director and cast, and Al Gore, running around using it as a "message tool."  It doesn't work, because the science is so bad, and distorted to fit neatly into the action movie formula, that it's laughable to treat it seriously.  Global warming is a serious danger to our world, but it won't happen in any three days.  It will wreak massive global change, but it will not destroy Western Civilization.  This movie has no real chance of exciting conversation on the topic of global warming, and gives more ammunition to the doubters, who can say that those of us concerned about the issue are playing Chicken Little.  The filmmaker clearly hopes this movie can become the environmentalist's   Passion of the Christ .  But   The Passion of An Implausible Glacier  doesn't have the same ring to it.  So forget the politics around the issue.  Forget all those lies you've been told about the necessity of plot and characters and emotional resonance, and go watch the weather fuck shit up.  Eat some popcorn, enjoy a little global destruction, and have a little fun.  It's   summer  after all.  Save the emotional resonance for November.