The Supreme Court handed down its three most anticipated decisions of the term on Monday.  This time of year is an exciting one for me, and a nervewracking one.  The Court puts off its big cases until the very end, and leaves us with knotted stomachs waiting to see which way they'll fall.  I worry that the court is too politicized, and too far to the Right.  My worries tend to be dashed with strong, progressive opinions from unlikely sources.  Last year's ruling by Justice Kennedy on Texas Sodomy Law was an astounding piece of legal reasoning, in which Kennedy went further in accepting gay rights than anyone had expected, and wrote eloquently on the place of queers in American society.  This year, the Court gives us  Hamdi , Gitmo and  Padilla .   Padilla  was punted, of course.  Padilla filed in the wrong court, five of the justices say.  But the reasoning in  Hamdi  almost certainly applies to Padilla's case as well.  Even if Padilla has to fight his way back to the SCOTUS (which he may not, under  Hamdi's  reasoning), there is a strong majority waiting to vote for him.  The most scorching piece of the decision came in John Paul Stevens's brilliant dissent which ended with these words: "For this Nation to remain true to the ideals symbolized by its flag, it must not wield the tools of tyrants even to resist an assault by the forces of tyranny."   Guantanamo was the case I thought the Court would favor the President in, because the detainees are not American and are being held "on foreign soil."  The Court was more narrowly divided here, though only the most conservative justices were in dissent.  The Court doesn't offer a specific plan for the detainees, but firmly asserts that the detainees must be given a  habeas  hearing.  From  habeas corpus  flows due process.  It's not easy to imagine how a  habeas  hearing wouldn't eventually result in full-scale trials for at least some detainees.  But it was   Hamdi  that is the most important decision.  Technically this was decided 6-3, but one of the dissenting opinions amounted to a concurring opinion on the essential outcome.   Hamdi  was actually an 8-1 decision, with only Clarence Thomas upholding the President's right to detain at will without presenting the body.  Four Justices, led by arch-pragmatist Sandra Day O'Connor, dismissed the president's basic contentions.  Yes, Congress gave the president authority to detain enemy combatants after 9/11, but that is a "narrow" group of people, limited to those who would return to fight another day.  Detention for interrogation only is illegal and clearly not authorized by Congress and stands in violation of the   habeas corpus  protections of the Constitution.  Echoing Stevens on Padilla, O'Connor writes: "[H]istory and common sense teach us that an unchecked system of detention carries the potential to become a means for oppression for others who do not present that sort of threat. . . We have long since made clear that a state of war is not a blank check for the President when it comes to the rights of the Nation's citizens."  Sure she's not as eloquent as Stevens, but her knife is just as sharp.  Souter and Ginsburg file a concurring opinion in which they say the President has no authority to detain any enemy combatants at all under any circumstances (provided they are US citizens, which was the question before them.)  Congress must explicitly authorize the detention, which it did not do when it authorized "military action" following 9/11.  Two dissenters, Antonin Scalia and John Paul Stevens, go further yet.    Habeas corpus  is a fundamental right that cannot be abridged except by a specific (and unlikely) wholesale suspension of the right by Congressional act.  Scalia leaves no room for misunderstanding.  The Administration must allow a hearing more or less immediately or let the detainees walk.  Or convince Congress to abrogate the most fundamental of American rights.  This ruling isn't that surprising.  Judges take   habeas corpus  seriously for a number of reasons.  Not only is it so fundamental a right that it reaches back to the Magna Carta, and thus predates democracy, but it is also the basis for almost all judicial authority in criminal cases.  This Court in particular is defensive of its position as final arbiter of the law.  Conservatives on the Court may want to limit the judicial role in the legislative process, but they know that only the Court can protect the rights of citizens in times of war and are loathe to surrender.  It shouldn't surprise us that the Court's two extremists (Scalia on the Right, Stevens on the Left) have been spending a lot of time playing footsie this term.  They are both motivated by an untempered love for the Constitution and an unbending interpretation of it.  Scalia may support law enforcement more than Stevens does, but when it comes down to an obvious violation of an explicit right, "pragmatism" has no place in their vocabulary.  Scalia and Stevens are the Court's best writers, and most passionate voices.  The roaring of these judicial lions may not win the day, but they carry the moral heart of this Court.  I had worried that the Court might be willing to lay down their weapons and hand the President the   carte blanche  he sought.  My faith in the judiciary, and in this Court in particular, is reaffirmed by the ferociousness of their defense of   habeas corpus  in a difficult time.  I am also proud of them for basing a strong part of the   Hamdi  opinion on Fred Korematsu's testimony regarding his detention during WWII.  The Court's willingness to address a darker day in its history only makes this day brighter.  Justice lives and breathes in these nine men and women.  God Save the Court and let freedom reign, indeed.