Salon's got an    interview with Thomas Frank , author of a book exploring the rise of populist Republicanism in Kansas.  Frank is part of a growing body of liberal Democrats who were born and raised in the South and West who see the national platform of the Democratic Party as self-defeating and idiotic.  There was a time in American politics when Democrats routinely swept the South, the Midwest and the West.  The West and Midwest were the most progressive regions of the country in the first half of the twentieth century (including the strong Progressive Republican movement in states like Wisconsin).  The staggering fact is that now Republicans control most of these states.  The strong showing for Republicans seems obvious to us, particularly to those of us who are too young to really remember the Democratic Party's heyday.  And yet, it is clearly not obvious.  Something happened.  And what happened is quite simply that Republicans adopted populist style and rhetoric without having to embrace populist ideology.  The Democratic Party self-consciously chose to embrace a very particular leftist vision of America based on a ragged coalition of environmentalists, social reformers, abortion-rights groups, gay-rights groups and other similar constituencies of single-issue-voters.  The Republicans chose to re-draft class warfare language as a fight against the "liberal media elite" -- against Manhattan and Hollywood and the universities, and have succeeded.  The discussion is interesting, though I think Frank misses a couple of points that must be addressed.  He gives the impression that simply re-embracing working class politics and policies would be enough to reconstitute the old New Deal Coalition.  He underplays the true importance of social issues to the modern conservative movement and voters' real dedication to these ideas.  I've said it before, and I'll say it again, a reinvigorated Democratic Party must embrace the 2nd Amendment as a key American freedom no less important than the freedom of speech or the freedom to jury trial.  Democrats must also rethink their positions of land-use.  This is particularly crucial in the Rocky Mountain West where so much of the land is federally owned.  Ranchers and outsdoorsmen must be assured that they will have access to the land and that knee-jerk environmentalism will not win the day.  A rational, consensus-based, state-by-state and watershed-by-watershed environmental policy makes more sense, and ends the deep injustice cause by New England liberals telling Montanans how to use their land.  If you take the issues of guns and land-use off the table, economic issues like farm policy and government assistance can once again move center-stage, and Democrats can push these issues hard and win on them.  Whether or not the Party needs to abandon its commitment to abortion and gay-rights and abolition of the death penalty is another question that I think is a little more tricky.  To an extent, some of these issues will fade away on their own as politically motivated people find other avenues to fight for.  Only time will tell.  But we cannot hope to build a coalition based on a coastal election strategy.  Long-term Democratic success requires a serious change in course on almost every level for the national party.  It is very possible -- as the outstanding success of Mark Warner in Virginia and of a number of new Democratic governors in the West (Wyoming, Kansas and Arizona among them) attests.  The really question is whether or not Democrats are brave enough to take the chance.