For a while now, Rep. Charlie Rangel of New York has been pushing for a new compulsory military service program (it would include civil service as well) on the basis that if Congressmens' children were to be drafted, war would be less likely, and for the stronger argument that a draft would create a military that is more racially, economically and geographically balanced.  We know that blacks, the poor and the rural are over-represented in the military, so this seems to have solid merit.  But does it?  Fred Kaplan    says no.   In fact, he makes a good statistical argument that those who sign up are more representative of the racial mix in America than we think (blacks are only slightly overrepresented, while Hispanics are underrepresented), and that the real difference comes at re-enlistment time.  Blacks tend to re-enroll at a much higher rate, creating an overall military in which blacks are almost twice as numerous as they are in the civilian population.  Many black leaders, including Rangel and Colin Powell, site the military as one of the most progressive of American institutions when it comes to race, and the higher rate of black membership might be seen as a good sign.  The US military is the most stunningly successful integration project in American history, and we should be proud of that.  Kaplan doesn't touch on this argument, but I think it's valid.  When blacks are underrepresented in law schools, we know we have a problem.  So why is that  over representation in the military is bad?  Well, the arguments are multiple here, and I can't go into them.  I think it would be better to have a military that was more clearly diverse in terms of class, far more than race.  But Kaplan also shoots down the standard argument that the military takes in the uneducated at a vastly higher rate than the educated.  In fact, according to Kaplan's statistics, soldiers read at an 11th grade level, while civilians read at a 10th grade level (on average), and soldiers score far higher on their entrance exams than civilians do.  Soldiers are better educated as well, with a significantly higher high school graduation rate.  Officers are now required to have college degrees, so among the civilian professional and military professional elites, the rates of education are also much higher in the military.  So, if anything, soldiers are smarter than us.  I have been intrigued by the Rangel plan, though I can't help but oppose compulsory military or civil service.  Kaplan's analysis makes it easier not to be intrigued.  He also offers the only fair solution to the soldier shortage problem: pay them more.  Far worse than the actual make-up of the armed services is our perception of it as a place where misfits, drop-outs and poor blacks congregate to sneak their way into college after they're done with their service.  If soldiers were honored for their work, and the easiest way to honor them is to make sure they are paid well, than the shortage might shrink considerably.  The same is true, after all, of the nursing shortage.  Hospitals willing to pay nurses highs salaries and with strong benefit packages are able to staff themselves without problem, those less willing have staffing crises.  In both cases, failure to pay well and maintain a full staff leads to the unnecessary loss of life.  So why aren't we willing to pay the price?