Not only has Bush made a mess of Iraq, but he's exacerabted already dangerous conditions in North Korea, as detailed in Fred Kaplan's sharp Slate piece    here.   From the moment Bush entered office he has worked to pull down the tenuous diplomatic ties Clinton was building.  Under Bush's watch, and in response to Bush's abrogation of the Agreed Framework, Kim Jong-Il's regime has begun reprocessing their fuel rods into plutonium.  This plutonium could be made into weapons any time now, with potentially catastrophic results for the stability of the region and the lives of millions of people.  Bush had hoped that a military threat would topple Kim's regime.  Instead, it has only encouraged the deranged dictator to step up his own programs, under the auspices of defense.  And despite his derangement, Kim has proven to be a clever negotiator and strategist, outplaying Bush at every hand.  Bush has finally allowed the State Department to make an offer, and guess what, it's almost identical to the original Agreed Framework (including stipulations that we will not undermine or topple his regime.)  Kim may not even accept the offer.  So here we are, nearly four years in the Bush Administration and we've finally gotten to the point where he is offering North Korea the same deal he rejected in 2001.  When the Agreed Framework was put into place, North Korea was eager to move toward normalization of relations and the end of economic sanctions.  Now Kim is in a stronger position, and knows it.  If a deal is made, count on Bush to trumpet it as a diplomatic success.  Never mind that it is a success to a problem Bush created.  The President is now in a position where the best he can hope for is a return to the deal we already had Pyongyang's commitment to until Bush threw it out.  Most likely, if he is interested in a deal, he will have to offer more to N. Korea than Bill Clinton did.  Any Bush-brokered deal is likely to be less restrictive on Kim Jong-Il than what we already had, and thus more dangerous in the long run.  No matter what happens, and I do hope for a diplomatic solution, there is nothing successful about Bush's arrogant ineptitude.