I think this post will evade Pierluigi's dictat banning Moore posts, since this is not an anti-Moore post.  Both Hitchens and    Sully  compare Moore to Leni Riefenstahl (Hitchens broadens his comparison to include Sergei Eisenstein in a somewhat troubling move.)  Hitchens is willing to point out that Moore lacks the talent of either of those filmmakers, and that's obvious.  But such comparisons are unfair to everyone involved, and only show an almost desperate attempt by Moore's detractors to label him as a proto-fascist.  As Ann Coulter has pointed out, bringing Nazis into a conversation automatically reduces the argument to the level of kids on a playground.  Sensible discourse is killed by comparing almost anyone to Hitler or his surrogates.  In fact, the only reason to make such a comparison is to kill sensible discourse.  When you're back is against the wall, and you're out of ammo, start screaming HITLER!  STALIN!  HITLER! And someone is bound to come to your aid.  What's worst about Sully and Hitch and the rest of the anti-Mooreons using this tactic is that it's gratuitous.  You don't need to compare Moore to Riefenstahl to prove he's a propagandist with little sense of history or politics or philosophy.   So using it serves a purpose that is intellectually indistinct from the worst excesses of Moore's work.  Fighting based on facts alone is not good enough for Hitchens, always the polemicist, or his dear friend Sully.  No, beating your opponent fairly just isn't fun.  You have to fight as dirty as he does.  The fact that this discredits virtually all of Moore's critics on the Right and a good portion of his critics on the Left doesn't seem to register to any of them.  It's the old "When they tell lies, they're lies, when I tell them it's truth." argument that is, in fact, far closer to Riefenstahl's ideology of film than Moore's films are.  But this argument could serve a legitimate role if it were an accurate assessment of Moore's work.  But it is not.  Riefenstahl (and Eisenstein if we're willing to include him among kneejerk propagandists, which I'm really not) served an existing state and sought to give that government legitimacy through film.  Not only were the ideas that motivated her greatest works morally wrong, on a far grander scale than Moore is morally wrong, but she served a government that had the ability to act on those ideas.  Moore doesn't even represent the opposition to Bush in the US government, or any source of likely political power in America.  He is, in fact, trying to unseat the sitting government and stop acts he views as being indefensible.  Whether or not he's right, and whether or not his means are either adequate or acceptable in such a cause, does not alter the fact that Moore's goals, ideologies, and power are far out of scale to Leni Riefenstahl's.  Pretending that Moore's films are in the service of something as horrific as the Holocaust both cheapens the lives of the ten million and exalts Moore to a status he is undeserving of, while bringing rational debate and the all-too-rarefied realm of facts and logic, crashing to their knees.