Ben picks up on my (not so sly) reference to    Realldolls.   My love for Realdolls knows no bounds.  Though, I will admit I haven't been to the site in a while.  Now they have a male RealDoll.  His name is    Charlie.   He's not as creepy as the female Realdolls.  Mostly because dead naked men are never as frightening as dead naked women.  Still, there are many photos of him waxing his wood and taking a bath, including this hot hot HOT pic of Charlie    grabbing a towel.   One can also, of course, opt for the    She-Male Realdoll , in which a penis is added to any of the models.  You can choose to keep the vagina intact or eliminate it.  For those on a budget, there is always the    Realdoll Torso.   The highlight of any Realdoll aficionado visit to Realdoll.com remains the    FAQ.   Here are some highlights:    Question: What if I don't fit with RealDoll's sex parts?   REALDOLL's vaginal and anal cavities are made snug to accommodate any insertion. The silicone flesh is soft, slippery, and very elastic. Any petroleum or water-based lubricants can be applied to ease entry. REALDOLL's oral cavity contains soft silicone tongue and teeth. The oral cavity is as snug as the doll's other entries. All of REALDOLL's cavities allow deep insertions.    Question: Tell me more about RealDoll's "suction effect"   When penetrated, a vacuum is formed inside REALDOLL's entries which provides a powerful suction effect. This effect is strongest in REALDOLL's oral entry. Some of REALDOLL's users have reported intense orgasms due to this specific feature.    Question: Can water become trapped inside the doll?  No. REALDOLL's body is not hollow. REALDOLL is a SOLID love doll.    Question: What happens when "the honeymoon is over" and I feel that the doll is not for me and wish to return it?  Although we'd like to fully satisfy all our customers, our firm policy is: ALL SALES ARE FINAL.    Question: I'm a crossdresser interested in a full body silicone female skin. Can I buy a REALDOLL skin or can you tell me where I can get a silicone female body suit?   We don't offer silicone body suits and REALDOLL does not have a separate skin. REALDOLL is a solid silicone doll. To our knowledge, no company offers a silicone female body suit. A silicone suit would require a sophisticated cooling system (silicone retains heat and does not breathe), and be custom-fitted to your body from a life-cast. We don't offer such services and we don't know anyone who does.    Question: Do you have any rejects or used models I can buy for cheap?   No.