Ben carried this link to    a critique of Hitch's critique of Moore's movie .  You can all read it for yourself, but I was amused by a few bits in particular.  Need I say, on behalf of all those who claim a leftist affiliation out there, that when a lefty version of Limbaugh comes along we want nothing to do with it. Limbaugh fights without facts, he alleges and abuses, he makes statements that he knows are untrue, simply because nobody can refute them to his large audience without coming on his show. And nobody is likely to do that unless they like being talked over.  Sounds like he's describing Michael Moore to me.  No one can refute Moore to his audience because his audience won't read Chris Hitchens anyway, or believe him if they do.  The fact that this man thinks Hitchens is a "partisan hack," shows that Moore's admirers are mostly the kind of leftists who view anyone who disagrees with ever on anything to be "apologists" for Bush.  Hitchens is actually still a vital part of the Left, but of a more eclectic and energetic left than what passes for one around these parts.  In his response to Hitch's discussion of Saudi capital, this guy says: "Yes. 7% of all wealth in the United States [is Saudi], according to Moore's figures."  The important point here is   according to Moore's figures.   We know from the countless exposes of Moore's tactics in his earlier films and in his books that he makes figures up, plagiarizes them haphazardly from other sources, and otherwise manipulates data.  The work done at Spinsanity was particularly wide-ranging on this issue.  Anyone who is willing to take Moore's word for it is as delusional as any Limbaugh-listener.  He also dismisses Hitch's mentioning of the fact that the photo of Bush "relaxing" at Camp David included Prime Minister Blair in the photo.  The excuse offered is, "Well okay, so maybe THAT time he was working . . . but I'm sure there are other photos."  Okay.  Well if Bush took off more time in two years than Clinton and Carter did in 12, why was it so hard to find one?  Why did Moore pick one in which the President was "vacationing" with another head-of-state?  Is Moore a lazy researcher, a liar or both?  And besides, arguments about the President's long vacations bore me.  When Congress is not in session there is little for the President to do that he can't do by phone when necessary.  One of the problems for Carter and Clinton was that they tried to do their Cabinet Secretaries' jobs for them.  Why have a Cabinet if the President does all the work anyway?  The rest of it is the usual cicumlocutions antiwar activists go through regarding the morality of the war.  The only time it's okay to mention Saddam's genocidal war against his own people is when we mention that it was really America's fault.  The rest of the time, it's important to pretend that all was quiet and peaceful in Iraq before American bombs arrived.  Moore, and this guy, sound more and more like those archaic leftists in the 80's who visited the Soviet Union and came back to say "What gulags?  What purges?  The Soviet system is alive, well, and beautiful!"  This reveals the real bias at the heart of the pacifism.  When it is brown people killing brown people, there is no war to be anti, but when pretty white Americans might be in danger, time to make documentaries and march in the streets.  A parting question for all antiwar leftists out there (I am one, after all): How do you say "We should not have gone to war with Iraq," without meaning, "Saddam should still be in power?"  Until we can answer that with a straight face, and without twisty logic, we have no business criticizing the president.  He, at least, had something vaguely resembling a plan.