Mattie Stepanek, child poet and muscular dystrophy patient, died today.  Everyone gets mad when I make fun of him, because he had a terrible disease.  I know it's not nice to make fun of children with diseases.  The problem with Mattie is that he's a child with a disease who is also one of the best selling contemporary poets.  It's a no-win situation with Mattie.  If you acknowledge his disease in a negative way, people say you should just see him "as a person" but if you criticize his poetry then you're "worse than a Nazi, mocking a poor child with MD."  But if I'm supposed to take him seriously, then I have to treat him like I would any other poet (which is what he'd want afterall.)  So in that spirit, I offer you some of his poetry, with commentary in brackets.  "On Growing Up, Part Five"  We are growing up We are many colors of skin We are many languages We are many ages and sizes. We are many countries... But we are one with the earth. We each have one heart. We each have one life We are growing up, together, So we must live as one family.  [There is not one genuine or original sentiment in this poem.  He is certainly quite observant, and his New Age embrace of the Earth is delightful.  Wait, did I say that?  I meant trite and annoying.  And I'd love to live as one family, but there are no shitty poets in my family, so, sorry, Mattie.]  "God's Language"  Do you know what Language God speaks? God speaks Every-Language. That's because God made Everyone and Gave Everyone different Languages. And God understands all of them. And do you know what is God's Favorite Language? God's favorite language is Not grown-ups's language, But the Language of Children. That's because children Are special to God.  Children know how to share, And they never lose  Their Heart-Songs.   [They never lose their Heart-Songs?  First of all, what is a heart-song?  And second of all, if they never lose them, then grown-ups would have them too . . . so why isn't God's favorite language Every-Language?  And why is Everything in this Poem Capitalized?]  "On Growing Up, Part 3"  I'm not so sure about growing up. I know that I want to grow up. But I always thought I wanted to  Be a doctor, a priest, a Grandmaster In Hapkido, and a daddy. Well I'm not so sure I will be a doctor. I wanted to be a doctor because I love Dr. Terry Flotte, and because I want to fix mommy and me, and I wanted to bring back Jamie  And Katie and Stevie back Because even though Heaven is a Wonderful place, Heaven is a place a Forever place. So I've decided that I want to be A writer instead of a doctor.  I like words. I like reading. I like writing. I like making up stories. I like making up poems. Mommy is a writer. I like being like mommy, too. I can still do important things Even if I'm not a doctor. I can write about peace and love Like Martin Luther King Jr. and Jesus. I can write about adventures Like Robert Loius Stevenson and Like Mary Pope Osborne and  Like the one who did Star Wars. I can write and tell about fantasy And about funny things and lots and Lots of things that teach people All kinds of stuff. That's why I've decided that I should be a writer when I grow up. Oh, and I will still be a priest, And a Hapkido Grandmaster, And a daddy, too.  [I'm not sure what to say about this one.  He's already compared himself to Jesus and MLK, Jr. which pretty much covers his ego.  He also thinks he can be a priest and a daddy, so he's headed for some awfully sinful behavior.  The "I like words" part is somewhat moving, but sporadic, and lacking in method and refinement.  The line "Heaven is a place a Forever place" is almost interesting, and almost verse, but something about it, perhaps the awkward repitition and the sentiment behind it, seem somehow immature and untrained.]  On Being a Champion   A Champion is a winner, A hero... Someone who never gives up Even when the going gets rough. A champion is a member of A winning team... Someone who overcomes challenges Even when it requires creative solutions. A champion is an optimist, A hopeful spirit... Someone who plays the game, Even when the game is called life. There can be a champion in each of us, If we live as a winner, If we live as a member of the team, If we live with a hopeful spirit, For Life.   [A champion is somehow who can read this poem.  The last time I read a poem like this it was called a dictionary.  Also, the Capitalization continues to be inconsistent.  Life is capitalized in the final line but not in Line 12, where it would be more appropriate.  Mr. Stepanek needs to development his ideas more fully.  After all, doesn't "live as a winner" really just mean "win?"  The continued attempt by people including Mr. Stepanek, to appropriate the words winner and champion and seek to apply them to anyone who does anything at all even if they fail miserably seems to be intellectually bankrupt and empty.  If life is about struggle and winning, then where is the dark side to all of this, Mattie?]  I think it says something, perhaps a great deal, about our culture when our bestselling poet is Mattie Stepanek.  I am all for supporting Mattie's struggle with his illness.  I am not for the publication of puerile children's poems and Oprah gushing all over this kid.  He is not a prodigy in any sense of the word.  If he didn't have MD would we be reading this crap, much less buying so much of it that it hit No. 1 on the NYT Best seller list, something poetry almost never does?  If you answered "yes," you're an imbecile and I hope you'll please stop talking to me.  If you answered "no," then please join me in taking a shot of whiskey for everytime "heart song," "bravery," "courage," "champion," and "sadness" is spoken by someone other than the boys family in the next two days.