Salon's indie publishing critic Scott Thill    catches wind of   In Me Own Words: The Autobiography of Bigfoot.    This book is possibly the funniest thing I've ever read, and it only gets better with each read.  here is Thill's take:   In my online magazine, Morphizm, we have a section called "Whatcha Missed" that reexamines work that floated right on by while everyone was obsessed with whatever the flavor-of-the-month standout was at the time. In that spirit of rediscovery, I had to include this insanely hilarious graphic novel.   See, I already had another, newer, more hype-worthy book set aside for this spot -- never fear, it'll be here next time around -- but I made the mistake of grabbing "In Me Own Words" at my local indie bookstore (a shout out to Santa Monica, Calif.'s Midnight Special), and it has come to dominate my life ever since. And not just mine, see, but also the lives of everyone I have shown it to. Trust me, this thing is catchier than gonorrhea, and much, much funnier.   Like the title says, this is more or less the autobiography of Bigfoot, the resident alien that used to rule conspiracy theorists everywhere until Chris Carter rewrote the rule book with the aforementioned "X-Files." And don't think that the fact that his profile has pretty much disappeared has escaped Bigfoot's mind -- in fact, it has violently galvanized him. "What happen world, me ask?" Bigfoot writes. "Me once believe in good. Now, no. World go shit just like Bigfoot screenwriting career."   Emblazoned with crude watercolor hilarity, courtesy of Mr. Foot himself, and splashed with coffee and other stains from who knows what, "In Me Own Words" is the authoritative account of Bigfoot's life, loves and, most important, seething dislikes. Chewbacca gets taken out ("He ride Bigfoot coat tails"), Pat Morita gets beat down ("He snob ... Maybe I smash with log"), Sam Donaldson gets threatened ("Me take him hair and eat man"), Koko the gorilla gets love ("He talk with hands ... Change me life") and much more. The crappy drawing of Bigfoot's annual Halloween costume as Stevie from "The Deer Hunter" (Christopher Walken's character) playing Russian roulette is worth the price of the book all by itself.   Let me be clear about this: No matter what I write or how I describe this book, it will not do it justice. It is so freakin' funny that you'll be out of breath by the time you get to Bigfoot's "Police Academy" screen test. And after browsing through Solanas, Ronell, Lacan and philosophical treatises on "The Sopranos," you're going to need a chaser of some sort. Let Bigfoot be your guide .