Not really.  But Slate reviews the    Dylan treatise  by a noted scholar of Milton and Eliot.  Unsurprisingly then, the scholar's main focus is on sin and virtue and the texts of the "great poet" Bob Dylan.  Ricks, apparently, reads Dylan as a poet and ignores rock n' roll altogether.  The writer of the piece, on the other hand, conflates songwriting and poetry, railing against the "elevation of the poet above the songwriter."  The assumption is, of course, that songwriters are poets.  Whether or not poets should be ranked higher than songwriters is another question.  Almost no songwriters are poets.  They are two distinct artistic forms.  Because the lyrics of songs   look like poems  we assume they are poems.  Even though most rock songs are too repetitive, too rhyme filled, and too inelegant to work on the page without music behind them.  Rock n' roll's real ancestor is not poetry but opera -- the conflation of theater and music.  Rock is performative art and therefore can't be treated in the same way that poetry can (the one caveat would be poetry that is essentially meant to be read aloud, all that highly rythmic spoken-word business that appeared on the scene around the time rock n' roll did).  That's not to say that some songwriters might not count as poets.  Dylan looks better on paper than he sounds.  Jeff Tweedy's stuff would be fairly light poetry, but would work I think.  A small bit of Liz Phair, part of the Beatles, a line or two of Michael Stipe.  There are others of course (your nominations are appreciated.)But imagine listening to someone sing "The Wasteland" or Sylvia Plath's "Lady Lazarus" and you can at least begin to see how poetry, especially 20th century poetry, has far too complex a structure to be contained in a song, particularly a pop song.  Obviously, the scholar is wrong to ignore Dylan's music, because it's an attempt to enshrine him in the pantheon of poetry and sort of pretending he didn't have a guitar. But it's equally inane to say that rock music   is  poetry.  Just add music.  Until we're willing to fully divorce the disciplines of songwriting and poetry can we even begin to really understand what is so brilliant about great songwriters.  Even Dylan can't come off well when compared to Tennyson and Keats.  Just as Eliot and Pound, set to music, would not come off well next to John Lennon or Jeff Tweedy.  Or, for that matter, my husband, Rivers Cuomo.