1. Write a letter to Delilah telling her that you and your fiance do not have a song that is "yours" yet, but need one by the wedding.  You are both middle aged, with grown children, and are so happy to have finally found your "soul-mates."  Could Delilah please pick a song for you, even though she has never met you, doesn't know anything about you and has the worst taste in love songs ever?  Mariah Carey or Whitney Houston, or perhaps Dionne Warwick, will be great additions to your marriage.  2. Call Delilah to tell her you love your mom even though she is abandoning you for a new "man in her life."  Ask Delilah to play a song for Mom and then listen as Delilah lectures you on how single moms still need lovin' in their lives.  3. Listen to Delilah show all night, finger poised over the RECORD button of your tape deck, so you can record the Delilah theme ("Please love somebody tonight!!") over and over again, interspersed with particularly wise words from D herself.  4. Create a Delilah drinking game.  Whenever she says "god bless" take a drink, whenever she says "just have faith" take a drink.  Whenever she plays "I Can't Make You Love Me" take a drink.  Whenever she gives bad advice, take a drink.  Whenever she gives good advice take two drinks.  5. This is not an idea, but an actual Delilah story.  (as are, frankly, 1 and 2 on this list): A young mega faggy man calls up and says how he is in college and his best friend in the whole world is a girl who is his R.A. and he loves her a lot but she is moving away and he's sad so he wants Delilah to pick a song.  Why people trust Delilah with this duty is beyond me.  I mean, does "I Will Always Love You" really capture your experience with college friends?  Even if you're a fag and your fag hag is moving away?  I never played this song for Melissa Izzo, even though she deserved it for being so ugly.  Anyway . . . Delilah is about as smart as this keyboard I'm typing on, so she says "So is she your friend or your . . . . girl friend?"  And the kid is obviously stunned.  He's so gay that the thought of someone not realizing that he has a buttplug in right now is beyond his comprehension.  He starts stuttering, gurgling, like a child who just ate rat poison.  Across all these miles and all those Hz I can feel him come to a realization: "I've been wasting four hours of every night of my life for the last 4 years listening to this woman's show and she's a fucking   moron! ."  Finally, he spits out, "No!  She's just my friend."  Delilah, undeterred, chuckles her throaty, semisexy chuckle and breathes, "You don't seem sure about that . . ."