This is bound to be the weirdest double review of movies I've ever done, but I can't help it.  This weekend, after seeing   Mystic River , I watched   Hiroshima, Mon Amour  and   Saved!   Some thoughts on   Hiroshima :  I refuse to write much on this movie.  Every dumb postmodern, postcolonial college student in America has lavished bad prose on this movie, and I feel silly adding my own.  I was impressed by some of its themes, even if I think it doesn't quite work.  The opening passage was marvelous, the quiet scenes of something-like-love were moving and tender.  The story she tells of her life during the War was heavy-handed and awkward, and failed to resonate.  The overwhelming weight of Hiroshima itself was oppressive, and not in a good way.  The movie seeks to explore the space in which individuals become history, and run from history, and drown in it.  I think it doesn't work, because the politics is too heavy, and their "ordinary" lives too extraordinary.  That doesn't mean the overall impression of the film, the aesthetic impression, isn't one of beauty.  The fact that the pieces don't quite fit gives it a sort of awkward, manic energy that lies just under the calm surface.  The tension holds each shot suspended in contradiction, and makes for an emotionally engaging artistic experience.  So, perhaps this is a movie that, although it clearly   has  a "meaning," we should probably pretend that it does not, and just enjoy the ride.  Some thoughts of   Saved! :  So, I enjoyed this movie.  Note that I didn't say I liked it.  The jokes were funny at the time, but in retrospect I can only remember a couple of them.  Jena Malone is more charming than she has ever been, though still somehow a little too whiny for me.  Mandy Moore was excellently bitchy (and, I think, brave to take the role.)  Macauley Culkin has become a beautiful and creepy man.  In every smirk he reeks of an aging pedophile trapped in a pretty blond body.  It gives him a certain dirty charm that liberates him to be interesting on screen.  I've never been a Mac-hater, and I thought he managed to almost make   Party Monster  watchable.  This role is beneath him, I think, in that it's too easy.  He manages to subversively play off of the subversive stereotype he plays in a way that makes his scenes not excruciating, and his chemistry with the Satan loving Jew-girl is actually the most interesting thing in the movie.  The problem of this movie is its message (so maybe there is a similarity between it and   Hiroshima ) which intrudes too heavily.  In satire we get the message without having to be told what it is.  This is actually true of all art, but particularly satire.  The message of   Election  does not need to be shoved at us in the form of melodramatic prom-night speeches by gay fugitives and pregnant girls who think it's a good idea to jump up and down 7 days before they are due.  Nor does good satire have to go out of its way to give us deep characters with real motivations.  The biggest contradiction in the movie is the serious tone of Jena's storyline, as she grapples with real issues that are interesting and the card-board cut-outs who fill in for the "good Christians" at the school.  This movie could have been a biting satire, or a serious view of the contradictions and hypocrisies inherent in Christian youth culture, or a moving psychological drama about a girl trying to deal with being a mother at 17.  It can't be all three at once. My favorite character was the girl who had been saved from being a brutal heathen savage in Vietnam.  My favorite scene was the scene from the Lifetime Movie starring Valerie Bertinelli as a cancer patient.  My only real question afterward is: why did Mary-Louise Parker's hair have to be a different color in every scene?  This movie is fun, in a totally mindless way, if you're willing to suffer through the final fifteen minutes of lectures.  It's simply too innocuous to hate.  Sure it doesn't work, and is only passingly funny, but who cares?  Christian rock bands are funny.  So enjoy it.