But in addition to this disturbing craziness (and other typical cult tactics, including encouraging his deputy, who now heads UPI, to use baseball bats on cult members who were "sleeping or hiding,") there is also hilarity:  Do you like the smell of your husband's semen? Answer to Father. Does it smell good or bad? You may not like the smell of your wife's stool, but do you smell your own? Why don't you smell your own but you smell your wife's? Because you are not totally one.  The King of Peace also    owns a gun manufacturing company.   Baseball Bats and Firearms are the Weapons of Peace.  Also, in case you didn't know,    every dead President of the United States has been born again through Reverend Moon.   Here are a few of their testimonies.  Thomas Jefferson:  People of America, rise again.  Return to the nation's founding spirit. Follow the teachings of Rev. Sun Myung Moon, the Messiah to all people, who has appeared in Korea. There is no inconsistency between our founding spirit and his teachings. Well-known presidents and kings from history are excited by the greatness of his philosophy of peace.  James Madison was down with it, too:  There is something that people must fulfill for the sake of their eternal lives in the spirit world.  All the people of America must follow the teachings in the Unification Thought and Divine Principle of Rev. Sun Myung Moon, who is the returning Lord in this age and the Messiah.  Don't forget Honest Abe:  People of America, people of the world! Black people are children of God, as are white people. At some time, all of you will have to gather here in the spirit world and walk side by side and live together. I simply came here and experienced this fact before you.  Dwight Eisenhower chaired the event, while FDR offered a prayer and Nixon sang a song.  All this was made possible by a Unification Divine Principle Seminar that God was kind enough to sponsor, according to Silent Cal Coolidge.  Although I am glad to see our fallen leaders embracing Rev. Moon's truth, I am sad to note that death apparently robs them of their talents as writers.  They all seem to love exclamation points and lines such as: "Heavenly Father, I am Eisenhower!" and "People of the United Nations, I am John Kennedy!"  The full text of their statements is    here .  For a rundown of fantastic Moonie articles, visit    Rick Ross's cult page.