  Salon covers the coronation of the Rev. Sun Myung Moon as King of Peace by members of Congress.   It seems that the leader of the largest and most famous international cult, and owner of several newspapers and the UPI wire service, Sun Myung Moon, has friends in Congress who gave him a giant bejeweled crown and declared him the King of Peace and the Second Coming of Christ.  This alleged King of Peace claims to have    saved the souls of Hitler and Stalin  and that Jews brought on the Holocaust through their betrayal of Christ. He also implies that Hitler did good work because, by causing suffering to his victims, he increased their chances of Salvation.  This is followed by the cryptic, but creepy, phrase, "What if True Father [Moon] used Hitler's tactics, gas chambers etc." As part of his plan to unify all religions, he preaches that crosses must be torn down from Christian churches and that Jews should sign a pledge for repentance for killing Christ.  In fact,    after the Jews failed God , God declared Korea to be the Second Israel.  Why no Korean knew this for 1900 years is not important, really, is it?  The King of Peace also hates gays.     Gays are "dung-eating dogs,"  who should be purged in a bloodbath greater than "any Communist purge, but at God's orders."  And, in a strange act of unification, his strong supporters include Republican stalwarts (Senator Lindsey Graham of SC, etc.) and a fairly big array of leaders of the Congressional Black Caucus, including Elijah Cummings.  Harold Ford, Jr. -- who challenged Nancy Pelosi for the Democratic leadership post -- also appeared on the flier, but claims he didn't know about the event.  It seems that at least some of the Congressmen were tricked into attending the event, which was billed as an awards ceremony for peace activists from their home states.  But a good number of them know exactly who Moon is, and exactly how absurd and crazy this whole "coronation" was.  They gave a crown to a man who has proclaimed that he is the true king of earth and that the Constitution should be abolished in favor of "Godism."  Many of them, rightly embarrassed, pretended they were not there until Salon's reporter kindly provided them with photos showing their presence.  You can find more Moonie madness at the links I've provided, and the article that sparked Salon's investigation appears    at the Gadflyer.