Michael Newdow    pontificates in Slate  about the parental custody system.  Newdow is concerned about this because the Supreme Court rejected his challenge to the Pledge of Allegiance on the grounds that he was not a legal guardian for the child in question.  Newdow is in a protracted, and vicious, custody struggle with the girl's mother.  Newdow's statements on child custody (presented rather tamely in this piece) reveal his drive to use his daughter as an extension of his egomania.  He rejects the entire notion of "the best interests of the child" in favor of a more or less absolute right for each parent to have 50% of the time with the child.  This shifts the burden of family courts from protecting children to protecting parents.  Although it might decrease the number of custody cases, it is chilling to see a man declare that his rights as a parent override his daughter's interest in all matters.  His challenge to the pledge is just an extension of this.  Since the Supreme Court allows a student to opt-out of the pledge, and since the child in question is being raised as a Christian by her mother, it seems unlikely that Newdow can claim any real harm was done to his daughter.  He wants to bring the suit simply so that he can be the man who brought down the Pledge.  Like Michael Moore, and Judge Roy Moore, Newdow is another showman, seeking a quick minute in the sun at the expense of truth, honesty and decency.  Unlike the Moores, though, Newdow has chosen to use his daughter to further his personal grievance against her best interest.  Remember that this is the    same man  who wrote "under protest" on each one of the child support payments he made to his ex-girlfriend and who claimed that she forced him to have sex with her so that she could trap him into marriage.  He has agreed to represent in court any man who claims to have been "tricked" into fatherhood.  He evicted his ex-girlfriend and daughter on 30 days notice after fighting with the girl's mother.  For the first several years of the girl's life he introduced her and the mother as "My friend Sandy and her daughter."  So -- it's traumatic for a girl who is being raised as a Christian to hear "under God" in the pledge, but it's not traumatic for her to be evicted from her home by her father, or have him claim that he was "tricked" into being her father?  He is selfish, arrogant and ruthless in his crusade to use his daughter to achieve his grand plan for a secular society.  The fact that none of the things he rails against are in violation of the First Amendment, that none of them cause substantial harm to atheists, and that his daughter is   not  an atheist doesn't matter to him.  A few other fun Newdow facts: he tried to sue President Bush because a clergyman at the Inaugural mentioned Jesus.  He has tried to remove In God We Trust from money and tried to ban to practice of congressional chaplains.  All of these instances fall under what the Supreme Court calls "ceremonial deism" and not actual national establishment of religion.  He is also an ordained minister with the    Universal Life Church , a church that allows you to become an instant clergyman online.  He joins such other illustrious ULC ministers as Joey Tribiani, Ben Hasler and Tom Hoppe. He also has his own "church" called the First Amendmist Church of True Science (FACTS).  Indeed, the Tom Paine of our time.