So, I finally watched   Mystic River .  It was even more disappointing than I imagined.  Mostly because it had so much raw potential to be moving and challenging, and in the end just wasn't really much of anything.  Although he's not Sam Peckinpah, Clint Eastwood has a body of work in which violence plays a major role.  Overall, Eastwood has cranked out some fairly interesting films about violence (especially taken as a body of work.)  From his acting work all the way through   Unforgiven  and   Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil , his movies haven't been outstandingly great, but they've been good.  The problem with   Mystic River  is that it tries to do everything.  In the end, it fails at each of them in turn.  Here are the movies Eastwood is trying to make, and why they don't work:  1. Mystery/thriller: the storyline plays out like a particularly dull and thoughtless episode of Law and Order.  The entire plot is more or less obvious from the moment Emmy Rossum becomes a beautiful corpse.  Everything was inevitable (and not in a tragic sense, see notes below) because no one involved in the writing of this project seems to have any imagination.  Everything rolls out like clockwork, and what could have had the potential to be an interesting, and convoluted, whodunnit just becomes another case of "the least likely" suspect turning out to be the killer.  2. Greek Tragedy: Or should we say Irish-American tragedy?  This movie attempts to build a strong tragic arc, but doesn't understand what tragedy is.  Tragedy is not just a bunch of fucked up people whose cycle of violence/fuck-uppery leads to their eventual downfall.  Tragedy is not having your daughter killed, or being raped as a child, or growing up without a father, or any of the other things that the pop-psychoanalysis of this movie thinks it is.  Tragedy is about a person who lives in a society with strict regimentation and rules, who violates those rules and who dies for that violation.  It requires a society that is dedicated, without question, to a core set of values (usually religious), and almost always requires that the characters be kings or other mighty and powerful personages.  Trying to craft a tragedy (or, as Dennis Lehane also calls it in the making of documentary, further displaying his ignorance of genre, a "street opera") out of the lives of ordinary people who live in a postmodern society with no serious and impenetrable belief in destiny just isn't going to work.  This kind of transposition of tragic ideals can only work as parody, not as "serious drama."  3. Psychological Examination: This strain of trying to figure out what's going on in all these men's minds runs counter to the tragic element discussed above.  One of the basic tenets of tragedy (and another reason why the tragic sensibility is so inaccessible to us) is that it is   not  psychological.  Characters do not have motivations, they are not even, by modern standards, characters at all.  They are stand-ins for virtue and vice, aesthetic creations of a time before psychology.  There is never an attempt to understanding why the events happen, or how these events impact that psychologies of the characters, because how and why do not matter in tragedy.  Choice is irrelevant, will is irrelevant, all that matters is the tension between social/divine order and the individual who transgresses.  So, how can a film that hopes to be a psychological tragedy possibly be anything but a mess?  The characters aren't that well drawn, we don't get that deep into their psychology (the contradictions necessary to make them plausible would be too difficult for Eastwood, I think.)  And yet he does not allow us to view them from a distance, that is from the safety of impenetrability.  If we were allowed not to have to think about the psychology of grief, or rape or any of the rest of it, we'd be able to see a movie in which people act for reasons we can never understand, and perhaps then we'd be able to find some kind of aesthetic meaning here.  The best characters we have are the two wives (I refuse to count Kevin Bacon's wife as a character, because the entire premise of this untalkative, undeveloped wife figure was only added to make sure that Bacon's character had some kind of inner-torment.  Trying to match that against Tim Robbins's shambling rape victim and Sean Penn's raging, grieving father is obnoxious and idiotic), but the only reason for this is that Eastwood clearly has so little interest in women.  The female characters are forced into the background, though still being crucial elements of the story.  It means we don't have to listen to them give monologues about how they feel -- we see how they feel, we see how they act and have to either figure the motivations out for ourselves or abandon that analysis in favor of admitting that we can never know why they do what they do, the fact   that  they do it is enough.  There are still a few images and scenes that I found to be beautifully executed.  One was the scene in the funeral parlor where Sean Penn lays the dress over his daughter's body.  The image was haunting, if blandly executed, and Penn's understated grief worked far better than the Howling-To-The-Heavens-Macbeth Act he won the Oscar for.  The final speech by Laura Linney, the only real appearance of her character   as  a character, was marvelous.  The loyalty, passion, sexuality and cunning she revealed seemed to come out of nowhere, but also seemed just right.  This is the finest scene in the film, and one that Dennis Lehane says was left out of the original screenplay until he insisted it be put in. Marcia Gay Harden's devastated wife was great to watch as well, though less compelling (it seems the more we see of the characters, the less interesting they become.  Thus Kevin Bacon does the best performance among the men because he has the least to do.  Tim Robbins is not a good actor, and his Forrest Gump-with-an-edge routine got old after about, oh, 24 frames.  Sean Penn, a monumental actor, the perfect man for this part, gives in to all the worst instincts an actor can have for this kind of role.  I have always found wailing grief implausible, and Penn's efforts are forced and mechanical to boot), she still managed to capture the fragility of her character, caught between conflicting moral loyalties.  She is the closest thing to a truly tragic character we have in the film.  Overall, this was thoroughly boring filmmaking.  Competent, for certain.  It was never exactly terrible, but it tried to do too much and so couldn't manage to do anything really well.