So . . . the 9/11 commission says that Cheney more or less acted on his own in giving the order to shoot down the hijacked planes.  I suspect a number of people will react by saying this just proves that Cheney is the real power behind the throne (including the fact that Josh Bolten had to remind the VP to call the Prez.)  There will also be criticisms of the fact that Cheney and Bush both told the commission that Bush gave the order, which seems to be unverifiable.  I'm not sure why they want to make it seem that Bush gave the order, perhaps to tone down the fact that Bush was just zooming aimlessly around on Air Force One.  None of this bothers me really.  The Vice President clearly was acting under his authority in the absence of the president.  President Bush was doing the only thing he could in such an emergency, staying the hell away from danger.  In fact, if anything, I may be offering what amounts to the first words of praise I've had the Vice President in a good deal of time.  He acted decisively, without hesitation, to protect civilian life even if it meant doing something that was quite unthinkable before that day.  Had we had better intelligence I have no doubt that Cheney's order could have stopped the attacks on the WTC (had he been alerted earlier that the planes had gone off course.)  In retrospect, this is the obvious order to give.  Just as it is the obvious course of action for passengers to rise up against the terrorists.  But all that is hindsight.  On that morning would Joe Lieberman have given the same order?  Would Al Gore?  Would even other Republican possibilities (Danforth, Ashcroft, Racicot, Powell, Lugar etc)?  Of course, this isn't meant to imply that simply because of this order (which changed the course of events not in the least -- especially as it never reached the pilots, who thought we were being attacked by Russia) we should be grateful for four years of terrible leadership from Bush.  What it does mean is that Bush picked exactly the right person to be one-breath-away from the top job.  Vice Presidents are almost always chosen for political reasons, and are often unqualified for the presidency itself.  We should remember that as Kerry ponders his running mate.  Edwards would be a great running mate, politically.  So would John McCain.  But do we want either of these men in charge if Kerry's out of town?  McCain has his virtues, and Edwards sure is handsome, but I fear McCain might be to eager to reach for the button and Edwards too shy.  I think Kerry's best choice would be Gephardt, even though that means I'm backpedalling on my earlier insistence on a Southerner.  I'm not sure how much of the South Edwards can swing, but I think Gephardt would put Ohio into play and possibly solidify Democratic holdings in West Virginia, Iowa, Michigan, Pennsylvania.  Even Missouri might tilt in favor of its hometown boy, though I doubt it.  Gephardt, more than his political uses, would be an excellent president should anything happen to Kerry.  Though, Edwards is nice to look at.  It would be nice to have a handsome person running around the White House . . . .