And my wrath knows no bounds.  After the guys at Slate failed to mention my boy Bill, I began obsessively searching for references to Faulkner as a Modernist.  There are a ton, but almost all are dedicated only to him.  In general discussions of the movement he does not appear.  However, there are some particularly egregious slights that I can't let rest.  Let us begin at this    "encyclopedia"  which mentions luminaries like Joyce, Woolf, Pound, Eliot and also obscure artistic figures like Wallace Stevens but no Faulkner.  I might let them get away with them except for the following hideous passage:  In Great Britain a youth sub-culture even called itself "Modernists", though usually shortened to Mods. In popular music Bob Dylan combined folk music traditions with Modernist verse, adopting literary devices derived from Eliot and others. The Beatles also developed along these lines, even creating atonal and other Modernist musical effects in their later albums. Musicians such as Frank Zappa and Captain Beefheart proved even more experimental.   So, what I'm to take from this is that Vespa-riding, bad-haircutted Brits and Frank fucking Zappa count as significant parts of the Modernist movement but William Faulkner doesn't?  Jesus Christ.  There is a conspiracy at work here.  I intend to root it out.  I will see how high this goes.  If Secretary Rumsfeld approved this, there will be hell to pay!  But no, my dear friends, it gets worse.  Worse than Frank Zappa.  Behold    this article from the same source  on a key Modernist literary technique, and one Faulker is famous for, stream-of-consciousness.  Again, Woolf and Joyce figure prominently, as they should.  But so does Jack Kerouac, another writer I'd prefer have been aborted.  But that's fine, too.  I mean, whether or not I think Jack Kerouac is the laziest, most idiotic, least profound, sorry excuse for a man of letters of his generation doesn't mean that encyclopedia writers might not be impressed by his lame attempts at meaningful work.  No, no.  What bothers me is yet another passage which elevates modern pop rock musicians over Mr. Faulkner:  Contemporary singer-songwriter Alanis Morissette is also well-known for her employment of the stream-of-consciousness technique, in songs like All I Really Want, The Couch, and I Was Hoping. The album Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie signifies this method of writing.  Now don't get me wrong.  Alanis is a fine songwriter, and her songs do, indeed, employ this Modernist method (perhaps better than any other contemporary songwriter).  But, I just can't really think that "All I Really Want," good as it may be, really deserves a mention in this encyclopedia when   The Sound and the Fury  does not.  I mean, maybe Faulkner just had to write more about going down on dudes in a movie theater, or give his kids dumb-ass shitfucking names like "Moon-Unit Faulkner," or something.  I don't know.  What I do know is that this is a serious travesty.  I mean, it's not like these people have no idea who he was.  In the entry on him they mention Modernism and stream-of-consciousness and refer to him as "widely thought of as America's finest novelist."  They even have an entry suited for    Ultra Faulknerds  on Yoknapatawpha County which includes the population information Faulkner made up for it.  So, what I have to say to everyone who is ignoring the great novelist (and screenwriter) is: What the FUCK, motherfuckers?