. . . I think I probably have to agree with Tim on the specific case of   The Manchurian Candidate.   I'm a little concerned about this one.  First of all, I can't figure out the plot based on the trailer, which I suppose is good since it's a thriller and all.  But it's clearly radically different from the original film (in which Angela Lansbury's son is brainwashed to kill the president and make her husband president so she can rule the world) -- it appears here that someone else is brainwashed to kill someone and make HER SON president.  Why this seems lamer to me is that it lacks the same kind of force (her son is to kill her husband) that makes Lansbury's character so interesting to watch (instead of just being evil.)  The Lady Macbeth element seems pared down in this version, which is sad, because I think Meryl Streep can do wonders with it.  What else is lame, is that the movie works too hard at updating the material.  Either material translates into a new time period or it does not.  If it does, why mess with it?  I think of Baz Luhrmann's   Romeo + Juliet  as a good example.  The material translates effortlessly, so why go to all the trouble of letting us know that the brand of handguns they use are "Swords," and renaming the Prince as Captain Prince, the policeman?  Almereyda's   Hamlet  has a problem too, which is that they change Denmark the country into The Denmark Corporation.  It's too strained.  They work so hard to get us to suspend disbelief that we can't suspend disbelief.  The Manchurian Candidate addresses a similar problem just as poorly.  Since the brainwashing occurs during the Gulf War, we are left to wonder "So why is he the   Manchurian  candidate?  Why not the Mesopotamian Candidate?" So they create a brainwashing company called the Manchuria Corporation to solve the problem.  Lame.  And if the original was about Communists, then what is Streep's character in this version?  An Islamic fundamentalist?  A Baathist?  Then there is the Hillary issue.  This is almost too dumb to address.  First of all, I love how much time someone spent    finding stills from the film and comparing them to photos of Senator Clinton  just to show us how alike they are.  In one case, they aren't even making the same facial expression (Senator Clinton is smiling at Gerald Ford, Senator Streep is sort of mewing at Denzel Washington).  Someone has too much time on their hands.  Meryl Streep looks like Hillary Clinton.  It's true.  They have a similar nose, a similar facial structure, the same eyes.  Then they give her the Hillary haircut.  So, big deal?     Blanche Lambert Lincoln  has the same 'do.  So does    Mary Landrieu .  It has become the standard political lady hairdo, with its combination of femininity and professionalism.  This isn't quite Emma Thompson in   Primary Colors , people.  The idea of editing a movie to take out an actress's gestures that might look like Senator Clinton's is dumb.  Especially because there is a reasonable chance that Meryl Streep's performance is the best thing in the film, maybe even the   only  good thing.  So they're going to butcher her performance just so we don't see her making "hand gestures" that look like the Senator's?  Who runs the studios these days?  Brain-stem babies?