Tim hates remakes.  The link to his comments on   The Manchurian Candidate  appears below.  I have a more ambiguous relationship with remakes.  In a general sense, I have no problem with them.  We've long accepted the validity of "remakes" of plays (if not, none of us would ever have had a chance to see   Hamlet ), and I see no reason why the mass-media nature of cinema means we have to give up on the idea.  What makes a great film is the perfect storm of players involved, from actors to directors to writers.  That can't be replicated easily, and I agree that many remakes are lazy and idiotic, but that doesn't mean it never happens.  Pierluigi and I both love   The Good Thief , which is as intelligent and brilliant a remake as I can imagine.  Of course, it improves on its source material, which helps, but beyond that it manages to have something to say about art and to be a moving experience in spite of whatever expectations we may have from Melville's   Bob le Boring Movie.   I know that everyone, myself included, hates Gus Van Sant's   Psycho  remake, but I also find something artistically fascinating in the idea of trying to replicate a film shot by shot with new actors.  It's interesting, at least, which has some value in an of itself.  Tim is especially disturbed by remakes of movies he likes.  I understand this.  It's difficult to get over one's love for a movie and try to accept a change in it (the same is true of covering songs by other bands, or when Bo was replaced by new-Bo on   Days of Our Lives ).  But do we really want remakes of bad movies?  Pierlugi's boyfriend Frank Whaley suggests that we should in his IFC rant, in which he says that someone should remake   Swing Kids  as a movie about dancing midgets who aren't Nazis.  Although, I really want to see dancing midgets, I don't know if I agree.  Admittedly, my favorite remake is   The Good Thief , which is a remake of a terrible movie, but it's also a remake of a "classic" movie, therefore one that at least someone must like.  What about   Ali: Fear Eats The Soul  and   Far From Heaven  which are both remakes of   All That Heaven Allows?   What about Cronenberg's   The Fly ?  Great films can be remade as great films.  There is no question of it.  Our knee-jerk reaction toward remakes says far more about our prejudices than it does about remakes.