  Tim gets into it just as we all get over it.   I have only a few comments to make here.  I haven't seen the Coens' "Hollywood comedies" because I hated their arty independent movies.  But that being said, I don't think Pierluigi's arguments are that offbase.  To view a film, as Tim claims, solely on its own merits is a high and noble ideal.  It's also bullshit.  To do so would require that you can magically forget everything you've ever learned about film.  It would require you to be able to view a movie in a kind of intellectual and artistic vacuum that is ruined, at the very least, by reading reviews of a movie before you see it, and is certainly ruined by having seen other movies.  In fact, if Tim lived up to this imaginary ideal of judgment, he'd have no problem with    remakes  because he'd be able to judge them solely on their own merits, not on the films that came before them.  But of course, we can't do this.  So, if we concede that we are able to judge movies in the context of their style, their history, their relationship to other works in a bigger, theoretic sense, then where can you draw the line?  It's as valid to compare   Intolerable Cruelty  to   Cheaper by the Dozen  as it is to compare   Happiness  to   In The Company of Men , or to compare Soderbergh's    Solaris  to both Tarkovsky's and   2001 .  Movies are not made in a vacuum.  They are created in a specific time as part of a larger system of filmmaking.  To admit that, and act on it critically, isn't wrong.  It's honest.  Ben compared   Saved  unfavorably to   Mean Girls  because they are in the same general genre of film.  Was that wrong too?  In fact, he even compared the Coens' work to Preston Sturges's because they work in the same genre.  The state of criticism (particularly amateur criticism like ours) has reached a point where we want to have it every way possible.  We want to be able to read countless reviews of movies before we see them and then we want to pretend we're viewing them with fresh eyes and without bias.  We want to protect movies we like from the ravages of remakes and rip-offs, but we want to "judge a movie on its own merits."  But we can't have our make-up and eat it too, as John Waters would say.  In fact, we don't even have a choice here.  We have no chance of viewing art in pure, Platonic Ideal isolation.  Therefore, comparative analyses (both positive and negative) are almost the only way we have of making sense of a piece of art, other than on a purely aesthetic (and unwritable) level of enjoyment or disgust.