I realized, while reviewing my various comments on the Lit Boys, that I give the impression that contemporary fiction is both monolithic and entirely male dominated.  Neither is the case.  "Contemporary fiction" includes a lot of writers who are not such egregious jackasses, though most of them are older.  This is a big part of why I'm not that concerned for the future of the novel.  I have yet to find any great young writer who is really moving the form forward, but enough who are still working in forms that are delightful.  Not everyone is Dave Eggers, afterall.  Still, there is another trend in fiction that should be disturbing to anyone who loves books.  Increasingly there is a vast divide between "men's fiction" and "women's fiction."  Oh, there has always been a gap, but for much of the twentieth century women have loomed large right alongside their male counterparts, generally writing within the same movement.  There was Willa Cather right beside Faulkner, Woolf alongside Joyce, Highsmith alongside her hard-boiled male contemporaries, Morrison next to Roth.  But now there are two definable literary movements.  One is the Lit Boy, tongue-in-cheek, deeply unserious vision we've discussed already, and the other is the equally smug and pomo-influenced, but usually less "funny" and more "meaningful" brand of women's fiction we see dominating the other side.  I've read less of these works, since they are more relentlessly marketed (from Oprah to Kakutani) and therefore more mindnumbing.  I happen to think a few of these women are good, or at least far better than Eggers et al.  Sheri Reynolds, whose brilliant novel   The Rapture of Canaan  managed to be both daring and tender, funny and solemn, is best known as one of Oprah's stable, and is therefore too easily dismissed.  She writes gloriously fine prose, and tells stories that are worth reading.  Most women's fiction is of the bland, nearly-plotless kind that seeks revelation and epiphany above all else (following in the footsteps of Virginia Woolf, whose   Mrs. Dalloway  is virtually the only novel of this sort worth reading) and ends up being monotonous.  There are men who work in the same vein, especially gay ones.  Michael Cunningham has written one great novel,   The Hours  (which is, surprise surprise, an inspired and intelligent send-up of Woolf's Mrs. D), and a good one,   Flesh and Blood , but all of his works are overlaid with this fundamental seriousness of intention.  David Leavitt writes manically brilliant short fiction, but his novels are dry, relentless and pomo.  Still, the greatest successes in this world of inner-turmoil are women.  And even when women rebel against this strain, the effort is usually, well, strained.     Slate's Book Club  has an interesting e-mail exchange that does a better job than I of hashing out the problem's with the Lit Girls (because they've read them more consistently for one).  My main concern here is that I find it a little depressing that men's fiction is written so clearly for a young, hip, male audience and women's fiction so clearly for a slightly older, more serious, almost spinsterly set of women.  I think few women find Eggers very charming, whereas many women find the far more "macho" and "manly" Ernest Hemingway to be so.  I think few men want to read   The Jane Austen Book Club , even though many men like Jane Austen.  Although the majority of novels are written in the shared space that has always existed, and likely many future classics are brewing there, as yet unnoticed, the two most exemplary literary movements of today (and movement in the shallowest sense of the word, since both "movements" are just the death throws of dying literatures) are unabashedly gender-specific.  Willa Cather would not be amused.