Ben carries    an attack of Eggers's "literary journals"  and    a bit of Eggers-love.   As an inveterate foe of all that Eggers stands for in the world of literature, I have more to say.  Of course.  But specifically, I have something to say about Dale Peck's full-scale attack on American literature.  First of all, it's clear that Peck doesn't have a very clear grasp of literary movements.  He refers to Moody and his ilk as "the highest of canonical postmodernism . . . a bankrupt tradition ... that began with the diarrheic flow of words that is 'Ulysses'; continued on through the incomprehensible ramblings of late Faulkner and the sterile inventions of Nabokov."  Joyce, Faulkner and Nabokov are not postmodernists.  The novels of Joyce and Faulkner are more or less the standard by which   Modern  Literature is judged. Post-modernism makes a much later appearance on the scene.  I'll ignore his comments on Joyce, because I've not read The Great Book itself.  But, surprise surprise, I find his attack on Faulkner to be misguided.  Much of Faulkner's "late" works are actually more accessible than his early works.  The least comprehensible of his novels is   The Sound And the Fury , which was his first major work.  The attack of Nabokov is even worse, but reveals what kind of prey Peck is after.  Of all writers in the canon of great literature, Nabokov is the most aesthetic and the least "content-driven" (to borrow from Sontag.)  His demeanor, and his work, defies analysis on the grounds that lit crit demands.  He has no "message" about the human condition or class warfare or gender relations.  Reading Nabokov is to give up on all of that nonsense, and experience art as a purely phenomenal and aesthetic creature.  What Peck means by "sterile inventions" is "it doesn't    mean  anything!"  As if books have a duty to give us some kind of message.  Peck's fight is not a fight against any real bankruptcy in literature, but against style.  Peck is right to attack the Eggers crowd for their reliance on an awkward and highly self-conscious style (the stylization of their own hipness), but he seeks to somehow divorce style from content, and therefore finds particularly galling any writers who lack what he might think of as "content" and who opt for style.  Or perhaps, even more galling, are writers like Joyce and Faulkner whose marriage of content and style (the two are not, in fact, different at all -- again, borrowing from Sontag) is more or less perfect.  That doesn't mean that Peck doesn't still manage to diagnose the problem with most of the Lit Boys (the exception, I think, is the great Michael Chabon).  It comes at the end of his list of the "postmodernist canon" in which he actually manages to identify some postmodern writers -- namely Barth and Gaddis.  I don't like Barth.  He's too smug and funny for my tastes.  Still, his books are inventive and brave.  They struck out wildly against the edifice of Modernity that had grown stale by the 1960s, in the same way that other writers I don't admire (Pynchon, Burroughs, Mailer) did in their own ways, and that some I do admire (Ginsberg, Roth, Morrison, Sexton) did as well.  The problem is, that their howling, spontaneous attack against a literature that was smothering them has produce its own smothering mass of imitators and poseurs.  Just as Bret Easton Ellis has taken Faulkner's searing, radical style and turned it into something that seems somehow stodgy and predictable, so have Eggers and Wallace taken Barth's style (funny, hip, smug) and turned it into something boring and false.  Instead of writers bravely striking out to find a new voice, we are left with the most obnoxious remnants of outmoded styles.  Peck is wrong in that he sees the Lit Boys as the culmination of a century-long collapse of literature, but he is right in that literature is in desperate need of a new movement to save it.  The problem is: I'm not sure it can happen.  As film emerged somewhere in the 60s and 70s as not only an artform that could be taken seriously by critics, but also as the major narrative art in America, most of the men and women who 50 years ago would have been writing books are now making movies.  This is great for film (although isn't Tarantino really the cinematic equivalent of Dave Eggers, throwing together a pastiche of other styles without finding his own voice?) because it has become the medium in which experiments can still happen, and in which a tremendous amount of great work is being done.  But it leaves literature with less and less.  Just as the novel stole an endless number of geniuses from poetry, so too has film stolen endless geniuses from the novel.  One of the worst excesses on the Lit Boys is the heavy-handed used of typographical shenanigans to make their books "look cool."  It's as if the film has invaded the book so far that we can no longer remember that books are made up of words and not of images.  We must make the words   look like pretty pictures  and then call this "daring" and "bold" narrative creativity.  I think the novel can be saved, but I'm also not that concerned.  All I want is for young writers to stop worshipping at the altar of the Barth-Eggers-Wallace Temple and start WRITING again.  Or stop writing and go make a fucking movie, and leave the world or words undisturbed.