In a comment to my post "Sigh" below, Ben writes "Indians?  Aren't we talking about Native Americans?"  Well.  I think   Ben  was talking about Village People.  I'm talking about Indians.  And I'll tell you why.  1. I've never met an Indian who calls himself a Native American.  And I've met more than one. 2. Native American is no better a description, and in many ways a worse one, than Indian.  Both words/phrases imply a solid racial coherence to the peoples of the Americas.  This racial identity was established by Europeans for European purposes.  Native American is intended as an antidote to the stereotype loaded Indian and as a way to reclaim native legitimacy.  As such, it's all well and good.  But the fact is, that although it helps clear up the confusion as to which kind of Indian we're discussing (is he from India Indian?) it doesn't solve any other problems.  It still prominently features the European word American, for instance.  And the word native is so relative in this context as to be meaningless.  Indians were in America for thousands of years before Europeans were, but are not ultimately native (although many of them believe, religiously, that they were created in the Americas).  In an individual sense, all native-born Americans are native.  So, what we have with Native American is an attempt to solve problems linguistically.  But Indians won't become empowered because we stop calling them Indians.  Indian or Native American, if they are treated as a culturally homogeneous group with a solid racial identity we are doing them an injustice.  So, I suppose it would be best if we referred to the person in that photograph as a Sioux (which is his tribal identity), and even more specifically by whichever band he belongs to.  But that's needlessly specific.  I am reminded of my father's friend, Long Standing Bear Chief.  Bear Chief is a leader among northwest Montana's Blackfoot Indian nation.  He tried to sponsor a bill in the state legislature entitled "The White Man Relocation Act" so his Indian nationalist credentials are pretty strong.  Furthermore, he once sent my father an e-mail saying that he no longer wished to use his English name (which was Harold) which he had previously used interchangeably with his tribal name.  He wanted to "stop filtering" himself through European culture.  This is all well and good, I suppose.  But impossible.  For one thing, Harold did not revert to native dress, or give up his glasses, or insist that we call him by his name   in  Blackfoot.  It was enough to use the English translation of his name.  I still support his decision to name himself.  But there is no way in which native peoples anywhere in the world can truly retreat from white culture, particularly not in America, where native peoples are so overwhelmed by the sheer numbers of invading Europeans.  The only real question is whether Indians can choose, as a group, to empower themselves within our culture and transform it into a hybrid within which their cultural values can have a hope of surviving.  The battleground is not linguistic, and debating Indian vs. Native American diverts real Indians from the real work they are engaged in.  I'm not trying to be so righteous and serious about this, but I do think it's a serious issue, and one that is basically never touched on in white American culture.  We invade a continent, spread disease, destroy indigenous cultures (intentionally and not), strip them of their land, their religion, their language, push nomadic people onto cramped reservations and then ignore them.  For a hundred years.  Then we go the Rez and we see rusted out cars everywhere, or we see the one Indian in town drunk on the corner, and we forget that all of that is something WE DID to these people, intentionally and without remorse.  We blame them and then go back to our nice, clean, warm, white world and pretend we understand their problems because we buy "native artwork" in Santa Fe and call them "Native Americans."  And don't we just loooove their Casinos?