I'm breaking my "don't-talk-about-your-boring-life" rule again, but this time with good cause.  Ben    compares Rufus Wainwright to a member of Emerson's Alliance for Gays, Lesbians and Everyone [EAGLE]  and I think I might have some insights.  I once served, briefly and badly (I was sort of the, I don't know,    William Henry Harrison  of gay presidents) as President of this august organization.  I totally agree with Ben that it's ridiculous to say you're willing to "die" protesting the Republican National Convention. Obviously, I doubt it's true.  And secondly it implies that one could easily die at such an event.  (I imagine the Roof saying something like, "In 2000, the Republican Guards killed 886 protestors and are holding 1407 more prisoners somewhere outside L.A.")  Still, I think the comparison to moody EAGLE members is off.  Here are my reasons:  1. EAGLE members only protest two things: 1. The Rev. Fred Phelps (of    God Hates Fags   fame and 2. Emerson College comedy magazine such as the Hyena which happen to make gay jokes that are quite funny.  What this boils down to is that whereas Rufus wishes to protest in order to express himself, EAGLE protestors seek to limit the expression of others, even when that expression is only offensive if you are a humorless, hypersensitive fag. (that meaning the hyena, not Phelps, who is offensive even to people like me, who also thinks he's kind of funny.)  2. EAGLE members are not moody.  EAGLE has only about 6 real members, the rest only come when they break up with their boyfriend/girlfriend, in search of fresh meat.  The membership of EAGLE then, is dominated by kids looking to get screwed.  (Though that also might describe Rufus Wainwright as well . . .)  3. Why should a gay musician automatically be compared to a gay student group and not, say, EBONI or AASIA or AMIGOS or any of the other poorly acronymed minority organizations at Emerson?  4. I know EAGLE is the worst name ever.  ("Um, is this the bird watching club?")  But tradition forbade us from changing it.  I mean, what was our other option?  Emerson Coalition For Gays, Lesbians, Transgendered, Transsexual, Transmutational, Bisexual, Trisexual, Pansexual, Polyamorous, Two-Spirited, Questioning People and the "Straight" Friends?  (ECGLTTTBTPPTQP"S"F isn't so great an acro either, really -- and honestly, I once met a representative from a gay free-Mumia group and they serious had a name like that, it was sad).  And as far the "everyone" goes, well we tried to reach out.  One particularly horrifying fag hag who liked to tell me about how her boyfriend beat her with a riding crop and who beat me at Dragtoberfest '99 (which should allow some of you to deduce who she was) was nearly elected as my co-president until she decided she would rather spend Tuesday nights getting beaten with a riding crop.  5. Full Disclosure: I might sound a little bitter here.  I will admit up front that I was easily the worst president that group ever had (or at least worse than the other ones I worked with over the years at EC).  I will also admit that I was more or less shunned from the "gay community" at Emerson after I defended the Hyena, and got in a rather nasty e-mail fight with a former Emerson student, who called me a "spineless coward" and a "supporter of hate."  I called him the "gay gestapo" (even though, to my knowledge, he was not gay.  I think he was the 'Everyone') and well, it went downhill from there.  If I am bitter, it is entirely EAGLE's fault.  And DeWayne Dickerson's.