  Salon steals from Wonkette  and doesn't even give her credit.  The article, an examination of the media ceaseless and mindnumbing coverage of Reagan's rather boring funeral services, is entitled "Reagan porn."  It's not that good, really, a rather bland look at the media's surrendering of their duties in favor of appearing not to be "liberal" (though Ann Coulter, in the article I discussed yesterday, claims that liberals are trying to steal his legacy by talking about how "nice" and "optimistic" he was). Still, the article has some important insights, not only mentioning that Clinton was far more popular than Reagan and places higher on polls of "greatest presidents" but also comparing the Reagan death-orgy to other televised presidential deaths, including that of a leader slain while still in office in a nationally televised assassination:    "I'm struck by [the length of] this," Johnson says. "From the time Jack Kennedy took a bullet in the head [on Nov. 22, 1963] until he was buried at Arlington Cemetery -- that was four days of TV coverage. This is a whole week."  That period of time didn't just focus on watching the funeral either.  Lyndon Johnson became president, there was the investigation into the assassination, there was the constant threat of international war.  You know, actual   news stories .  It was a sudden, violent death of a young and charismatic leader at the height of Cold War tensions.  Somehow we managed to move on with our lives after only four days of coverage.  Why do we need a week to get over Reagan?  I propose we tear down the WWII memorial that all the architects hate and replace it with a giant glass mausoleum for Reagan.  Maybe we can have him preserved in some Reaganite pose.  Eating a jellybean, or pushing The Button, or putting people on a Black List, or effusively praising the apartheid regime of South Africa, or not talking to his children.  Various options.  Please send ideas to the newly appointment Secretary of Reagan Affairs, Dan Rather.