Why do I torture myself, and my dear readers, by    foisting Dave Eggers  on us?  Because, once in a while, I think a reminder is in order that this man is by far the most obnoxious and talentless "writer" prancing around in the burning wreckage of contemporary literature.  I'm not as depressed about the collapse of literature as many literati are (perhaps because I love movies, and it's clear that the film has eclipsed the novel as the great American narrative art form) but still, I am depressed when I read Eggers.  Why? So many reasons.  Pompous, weighty, "funny" prose that lacks elegance and wit, to start with.  His unflagging belief in his own hip mastery of cynicism.  Every sentence Eggers writes is orgasmic, in the filthiest, porn-theater sense of the word.  Instead of sitting at a typewriter, it is impossible to imagine Eggers doing anything but jacking off to photos of himself and then smearing the dried cum into words and calling it a "novel in progress" at Salon. Well, just read this and see what you think.  While reading, think of Charles Dickens.  Dickens, the master of the serial novel, the patented genius at naming characters.  His skill at satire was immense and only a very few writers (Jane Austen is the only one popping into my head) can match him.  Here is Eggers mocking President Bush (the first one) and trying to pretend he is Dickens (hell, pretending he's BETTER than Dickens):  Old. He was quite old. She wanted to place her hand on his hands, folded together in his lap like two wilted sea creatures. They looked ancient, his hands, pink and blue and rubbery and yet fragile enough to cleave to the touch.   "You've got nothing to prove to anyone, sir," she tried.   The president said nothing.   "I know you were disappointed in the press coverage last time, and the time before that, but I can say that personally, I know at least a dozen people who were really stunned by your courage. I have e-mails to prove it! I saved a voice-mail message, too. From my college roommate Firoozeh. She was blown away, sir."   The president turned to Ramona Ramone and smiled gently. He knew she was talking to him, but he couldn't hear a word she was saying. The truck was too loud, the road grinding underneath them like a great beast chewing on rocks and gristle.  Former president J. Junior Inferior Sr. was determined to jump once again, from a plane, parachuting from the heavens, this time landing as close as possible to the parking lot next to tonight's debate between the GOP hopefuls. In one fell swoop he would receive the appropriate media coverage for such a feat -- because he was 81, for God's sake! He deserved some "props," as they say (and which he would say when interviewed in his jumpsuit) -- while also proving once and for all that the Republican Party was the more bold and bad-ass and steel-balled of the two, hands down and forever, time eternal. The image of J. Junior Inferior Sr., flush with adventure, standing in his athletic and bow-legged way, with his helmet tucked under his arm, would inspire the party, would bolster his legacy and would create a clear contrast between the representatives of his own party and those of the opposition, who always looked so awkward in boots or flak jackets or tanks.