  Ben carries a link to a Wonkette post with a photo showing a Native American honoring Ronald Reagan .  A couple of things, here.  Why do we have to compare a native American in full traditional dress to a Village Person?  First of all, as is obvious from a simple glance at this photo, the Indian in question has no moustache.  What the hell kind of 70s cloneboy didn't have a moustache?  Not one.  In fact, I saw a show about the Village People and on the audition sign it specifically said: "Must be muscular and have moustache!"  Now, we can wonder all we want why a traditionally garbed Native American has any desire to salute the casket of President Reagan.  Reagan, like all US Presidents, wasn't really that into Indians.  More into, you know, raping and pillaging their land for natural resources.  But why do we have to mock people in traditional dress?  Why does it remain totally okay to make Indian jokes?  I mean -- don't think I don't want people to make Indian jokes.  One of my all time favorite SNL skits involved Heather Locklear as a racist infomercial host saying things like "You couldn't buy this cheaper off a drunken Indian!"  Still -- the problem with this is that, like many Wonkette pieces, it skirts the edge of offensive without even being all that funny.  If there was a construction worker next to the Indian, we'd have a Village People joke.  But one cop does make a village person joke very believable (unless he has a moustache) and one Indian doesn't either (again, unless he has a moustache.)  Instead, all we have is someone mocking an Indian for the sake of a very cheap laugh.  Like Ann Coulter, Wonkette is only worth reading when she's actually FUNNY.  Being offensive and unfunny just don't work for me.  Still, the fact that our society would accept this kind of humor while pretending to be horrified by similar jokes about Africans should be obvious from our general treatment of Indians.  When Senator Johnson of South Dakota led a huge voter registration drive on reservations in an attempt to get native peoples involved he was accused of "playing the race card" and the Republicans spent a good deal of time trying to determine legal strategies for disenfranchising natives.  The Montana State Capitol features a prominent statue of famed Indian killer Thomas Meagher.  But I suppose that since we committed a wholesale genocidal destruction of them, we don't have to be that sensitive to the few thousand who survived.