I love Tim because he blogs about sports.  I will admit, I'm not that sports minded.  I turn onto baseball in the Fall and to tennis for the Grand Slams, and beyond that it is all just a blur.  Well, that's not quite true.  There is also my faggy love for ice skating and gymnastics.  Tim and Pierluigi have    a spat  about political correctness.  I have to err on Tim's side this time.  I have been a relentless foe of the kind of intellectual bankruptcy involved in the "politically correct" movement.  As a pomo homo, I'm willing to admit that language is far more than just a tool of culture -- that untying the two is sometimes impossible.  The problem with political correctness is obvious, though.  It forces us to suppress racist ideology without giving it public expression.  It therefore re-emerges in even less constructive ways.  That being said, people should not be able to use a growing tolerance for racial humor, and a growing dissatisfaction with language-policing, to get away with saying dumb shit.  Why should Larry Bird want more white players?  Would basketball be better off with more white faces?  I don't think so.  Should sports apply the "diversity" standard established in the recent Michigan affirmative action cases?  Probably not.  So why say something like this?  What real argument is being made and why is it being made?  Furthermore, why do public figures say shit like this to begin with?  (even more applicable to the Parcells "Jap plays" comment.)  Remember when Newt Gingrich's mother told Connie Chung that Newt thought Hillary was a bitch?  And then suddenly everyone is shocked when it is aired.  Admittedly, Connie said she wouldn't air it and then, you know, totally did.  It's not so much that we care that Newt thinks Hillary is a bitch.  Of course he does!  It's that we can't imagine his mother would be so stupid as to tell the whole world about it.  Referring to plays as "jap plays" is so patently offensive that no amount of "no disrespect intended" is going to cover it up.  I am reminded of my father telling me that when he was growing up everyone called Brazil nuts "nigger toes."  Even people who weren't Klansmen used the word, because that's what you called the damn nut.  However, if you live long enough the language changes, and you'd best change with it.  No one in their right mind would now think of calling a Brazil nut anything BUT a Brazil nut.  It is one thing to contextualize the statements of people who are dead, and didn't live long enough to learn the newest lingo.  It's another to defend people who clearly know better (or why apologize) and don't do anything about it.  Perhaps if we have a real dialogue about the kinds of racist remarks we find in sports we can get to the root of what are real problems of race in this country and in sports.  Why are almost all coaches of all teams white men?  Even women's teams almost always have male coaches.  What the fuck is the deal here?  We're still willing to employ black men as the powerful core of an athletic team, but not willing to promote them to positions of authority.