Now, y'all know I love me some Ann Coulter.  But sometimes she is so dumb, even   I  can't handle her.  She    talks about the Gipper  and tries to pretend he was as rabidly Right Wing as she is.  She uses his ultra-conservative election year rhetoric as her biggest weapon, mostly ignoring his actual accomplishments.  In the following excerpt, my comments are bracketed.  Reagan was a bulldog, completely, implacably right-wing on every issue. He was the right-wing Energizer Bunny. He never quit and he kept beating liberals. He cut taxes 25 percent across the board his first year in office [and raised them several years later]; he walked away from Gorbachev at Reykjavik [because Gorbachev wouldn't accept Reagan's "Right Wing" plan to abolish nuclear weapons and build a missile defense system to make another buildup impossible]; he fired all those air traffic controllers -- and wouldn't let them come back even when they wanted to [okay, I'll give you that one Ann.  But, in his defense, he was only following the law]; he gave speeches about "welfare queens" [I'll give her that one too.  Reagan's welfare rhetoric was pretty right wing, obnoxious and racist] and polluting trees [okay, so sometimes he was dumb enough to sound pretty Right Wing]; he nominated Antonin Scalia and Robert Bork to the Supreme Court [And Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy]; and he enraged grim liberals when he warmed up his radio mike by saying, "My fellow Americans, I'm pleased to tell you today that I've signed legislation that will outlaw Russia forever. We begin bombing in five minutes." [he was joking] But now they're telling us Reagan was a "pragmatist." Well, not according to him. As he was wrapping up the Republican primaries in 1980 and moderate weenies in the Republican Party were trying to move him to the "center," Reagan said: "No, I'm not moving my positions any. ... I believe the same things that I've been speaking on for years, and I don't see any reason to change." [until he made no attempt to undo the major cornerstone policies of the New Deal and Great Society, until he re-embraced the Eisenhower-Kennedy-Johnson Containment Theory, until he failed to balance the budget . . . ]  The point here is that Reagan was, at heart, the rabid Right Winger who as governor of California encouraged police to "spill some blood" when confronting protestors, the Right Winger who saw the fiery Apocalypse just over the horizon.  But as President his record is far more moderate.  The president I'd have to compare him most to (and with some difficulty on my part) is Thomas Jefferson.  Jefferson hated government too.  But his government went to war against the Barbary Pirates.  His government sealed off the ports of the nation to keep us from trading with foreign powers.  His government doubled the size of the United States in what was probably an unconstitutional annexation of French territory.  Often in talented politicians who are fiercely ideological, there is a serious gap between what they wished they could do and what they knew they could do.  Reagan is one of them.  And besides, doesn't Ann miss the greatest Right Wing moments of the Reagan presidency?  Where is her mention of his crafty support for both Saddam Hussein and the Iranian Revolutionary Government during the Iran-Iraq war?  Where is her mention of his spreading of chemical and biological weapons to the Iraqi government?  Where is her mention of his sales of arms in exchange for hostages and the illegally funneling of funds to fascist butchers in Central America?  Where is her discussion of his miserable failure in Afghanistan that led to the Right Wing Taliban leadership?  It seems she misses all of his Rightist achievements and dwells over Rightist things he said he'd do but never did.  Worse yet, there is not one funny joke in this column. Ann, what is happening here?  Well, we know what's happening here.  She's being worshipful of course.  Her column begins with "God worked through Ronald Reagan . . . "