  Salon's got the goods.   A great compilation of 18th birthday advice from various "experts" for our favorite twins.  Some excerpts follow.  They are pretty long excerpts because I was laughing so hard reading it that I almost peed my pants and I know none of you want to wade through Salon's ads to read this stuff.  Still, this is only about HALF of what the various people have to say.  My favorite is probably Janice Dickinson because all she did was talk about herself.  But Annie Sprinkle gives the best advice, I think.  Simon Doonan, creative director for Barney's New York:   A twin, as your nearest and dearest confidante, can also be a validator of dreadful obsessions. Nonstop togetherness can lead to a deranged cul-de-sac where all your darkest obsessions (bulimia, big boobs, body-cutting) are validated by each other! It's a sad fact that most celebs end up getting strange at some point, finding themselves in weird cults and whatnot, but from what I can tell, twins are worse off than most. Start hanging out with intelligent, fun, intensely charismatic people. Intimidating people. Perhaps some of that attitude will rub off on them. Why not ring up Camille Paglia, for example, and ask her to come on holiday?  Annie Sprinkle, prostitute/porn star turned sexologist, educator, multimedia artist and utopian entrepreneur:   At this stage in their lives and their careers, I think it would really benefit them to embrace masturbation, to practice reaching orgasm. They need to get comfortable with making themselves feel good on a daily basis, to help them feel prepared to face the challenges of their busy little lives. Personally, I've really come to value the orgasm experience in times of stress and strain. As they get older, the twins will probably become more and more orgasmic, but good masturbatory habits start now.  J.T. LeRoy, novelist band member and associate film producer:   The twins would have to endure a torrid event, a public disgrace, because our society has very set rules. In order to change perception about someone, we need to be seriously shaken, like an Etch A Sketch. Look at Brooke Shields -- she had to do some big fat fucking falls on her face before she could move forward in her career. Their best bet would be to simply disappear for a while. Maybe one of them could break off from the pair and take on a lesbian role (but not with the other twin!) in an edgy foreign film, a role that would really prove some acting chops.  D-Roc, from the Ying Yang Twins hip-hop duo:  Shit, I ain't never had that kind of money like them other twins have. I'm still trying to get that much. The first thing I be sayin' to them: Manage your cash properly, don't spend it all in one place. Shit. I'm still thinkin' 'bout all that money! Be yourself, girls, and the rest will follow. From what I can tell, they haven't ventured out on their own. They always be chillin' together! They gotta get their own thaaang. Keep that wholesome look, and they'll keep raking in the cash. And they should definitely stay off the drugs. Absolutely. Peace out (times two).   Janice Dickinson, judge on the UPN program "America's Next Top Model" and self-described "world's first supermodel":   I'm on a hit show, I'm gorgeous, I feel good, and I'm so grateful to be me ... but wait! We're talking about the Olsen twins here.  I'm the perfect person to give the Olsen twins advice.  My daughter absofuckinglutely loves these girls. In fact, the way for them to really move their careers forward is to have them send lots of free Mary-Kate and Ashley products to our house. Address them to Savvy, my daughter (get my info from the UPN people). Savvy is gorgeous and doesn't really need any of it. Being the world's first supermodel, the only things that matter to me are oxygen, hair, makeup and clothes. Children, dogs and, of course, society come second.  If they were contestants on "America's Next Top Model," I totally think they would win. We'd just have to stack them one on top of another, to make a whole Olsen. You tell all those fucking pedophiles that they are going to have to deal with me, Janice Dickinson. I will kick their asses, cut off their dicks and send them off to Mississippi. They are fucking pigs. Personally, I did not have plastic surgery until the end of my shelf life as a fashion model. Now, of course, I'm totally fake. The other day, a photographer told me to smile, and I said, I AM SMILING! It's the Botox.  I will be their new manager. I'll tell them exactly how to talk, how to walk, where to shop, what to wear, how to get invited to the best fashion shows. And I'll send a mobster after all those fucking countdown-clock pedophiles.