One of my fave new sites is    Underneath Their Robes , written by a woman known as Article III Groupie.  I am an all-around politics whore, but I have had a lifelong fascination and love for the Supreme Court.  The least democratic, most elitist and intellectualist, of American institutions, it is still the most critical to our democratic experiment.  The contradiction alone is enough to make me giddy.  But then there are the Justices themselves, most towering figures of legal thought, brave, brash, sometimes crazy, far more colorful than our elected officials.  Article III Groupie feeds all my most salacious Article III needs.  Although A3G is a Right Wing judicial conservative, I still have to give her serious props for putting together such a thoroughly brilliant site (like Wonkette, only for smart people who love black robes.)  When asked    why she doesn't cover state court judges  she answers:  If federal judges are major motion picture and prime time television stars, state judges are actors on daytime soap operas. And just as soap stars don't make the cover of Vanity Fair, state court judges don't make the pages of "Underneath Their Robes."  and then, even better:  As it turns out, Article III Groupie's second reason for not covering state court judges does not require a scholarly exploration of federal and state court parity, nor does it call for a comparative analysis of American and European judicial selection processes. It's actually quite simple, capable of expression in five little words:   State court judges are ghetto.   and finally, after a long list of bizarro state court incidents:  [P]lease accept this explanation of why UTR does not, as a general matter, devote space in its hallowed pages to those penile-enhancement-pumping, porn-addicted, felon-harboring, Bon Jovi fans who can't drive, otherwise known as state court judges.  The same posting includes her casting of a high-school movie starring federal judges (Ruth Bader Ginsburg is Queen of the Nerds, Antonin Scalia is the "Resident Bad Boy").  I totally want to make out with A3G.  No babies though.  I wouldn't want to slow down her certain meteoric rise to the Article III bench.