Tim's got the link to the latest    Hitch extravagance  at Slate.  Hitch is mad that Kerry took a cheap shot.  Kettles and pots are like that.  But here's the deal: Hitch is misreading Kerry.  I admit that the line in question "We shouldn't be building firehouses in Baghdad and closing them at home" was a little disconcerting to me.  It gives the impression of isolationsim, of claiming that Bush is wasting money in Iraq that would be better spent in the US.  But that wasn't actually what John Kerry meant.  It's difficult to know, because Kerry didn't bother to explicate, but his body of statements on Iraq make it clear that he didn't mean we should close the firehouses in Baghdad in order to open them in Cleveland.  He means that we should be doing   both at once.   The problem Kerry is pointing out is that Bush seems intent on rebuilding Iraq at the same time he's tearing down America.  Bush, the law and order pol, wants to kill Clinton's COPS program, effectively removing tens of thousands of cops from the streets, including nearly all "community police" officers (the only bastion of hope for an effective and responsible police force we have.)  And yet, he's busy creating an effective police force in Baghdad.  It's hard not to see Bush's priorities as slightly fucked up.  We can have both, and we should have both, and Kerry knows that.  Hitch is willing to say that because domestic politics currently wouldn't allow that money to be spent in building hospitals, or firehouses or community police forces that means it's okay not to try.  That's plausible enough, if cynical and obnoxious.  But what Hitchens doesn't bother to mention is that his favorite cocklover, George W. Bush, is the one major reason that domestic politics is in the state it now is.  It is Bush who is waging the war against American social services, including traditionally Republican versions thereof.  And frankly, I think we could also agree, if we weren't too busy eating Bush's pooper, that Bush hasn't even begun to think about spending a fraction of the money dedicated to rebuilding.  Kerry offers a choice to build firehouses in Baghdad   and  Cleveland, Bush offers to build them nowhere, and suddenly Democrats are terrible isolationists for mentioning it?  And I'll encourage Kerry to stop taking cheap shots the moment George Bush starts running on his own record.  Bush can only say Kerry is a tax-and-spend liberal for so long before they realize that Bush is paying for his little war with Chinese money and that, in the long run, the interest on those loans will fund increased aggression from North Korea.  In fighting Iraq, Bush strengthens Iran and North Korea, does little to increase livability in Iraq, greatly increasing the instability of the US economy with a skyrocketing and unnecessary deficit, endorses greater and greater tax cuts, which require greater and greater deficit spending, cuts effective programs that are proven to work in order to create new programs that are unwieldy, too expensive, and likely ineffective, and then says that Kerry hasn't done anything.  Well, frankly, I'll take someone who has done nothing over someone who has done far too much, with far too little success.  This piece is even worse than Hitchens usually is anymore.  All spark of creative thought, or nuanced ideas is jettisoned in favor of blindly supporting the ineffective policies of the President.  Kerry should have cut that line, or made it clear what he meant [considering the Senator's penchant for over explaining, I'd vote for outright cutting it], but Hitchens took it out of context of the rest of the speech in order to reinforce the Republican Talking Points.  Democrats Want To Abandon Iraq!  I expect better from Hitchens.  Though maybe I should stop having faith in the most faithless of polemicists.