         A weekend is definately not boring, especially when you hang out with   J .   After the VFW on Friday, I hit Legends to meet up with J....more dancing...always dancing, ok, and people watching too.  The band was sucking big time with it's "YMCA, Disco, Rap, Crap", so J talked me into checking out the FQ, just to make sure none of the Bike's were there.  Disappointing, nobody we knew was hanging at Johnnie's and a stroll down Bourbon only introduced us to a plastic Barbie Doll crowd at the Zoo and drunken tourists trying to remember where they parked their cars and leaning on each other as they find their way. Enough! Back to Legends and the bands next set was better, Rock On!, actually got on the floor and swayed to the music.    Saturday I had to work for a few hours, but got that done and picked up J for a road-trip to Biloxi.  J was feeling the need to have   Master Tom  touch her, Mmmmm.  (I was in the mood too, but his time was limited. When I get him, I do not want him distracted, if ya know what I mean...heeheeeee.  I did go over a couple pictures and an idea, he is going to draw something up for me, more Tats, yes, Yes, YES!!!!)  J, after a little over 2 hours, is done for this session.  Tom says it could take up to 18 hours for her to be finished, it is beautiful now, I can hardly wait for it to be colored.   All bandaged up, a little food in the tummies and an hour and a half on the road and we are back at the dancefloor.  Ohhh No, another "Crap" Band, Help me!, "The Killer Beans" were better than this.  We decide to sit outside for awhile to see if they would get better, or wait for the "on break music".  I went inside for a minute and when I came out, there was this guy in my seat talking to J.  I walked to the table and told him he stole my seat, as I pulled up another and sat.  He mumbled on and then asks J, "Who is this? Your Mother?"  My first instinct was to jump over the table and slap him.  Instead I said, "Fuck you, asshole!"  He looked hurt, unbelievable!...he then tries to fix it and asks if I was her sister...No, No little boy, no fixin that. His friends drag him off and I figure that was the end of that, thank goodness.  But no, it's not, he comes back, and after he realizes J is not interested, he starts to hit on me.  Asking me questions, stupid questions and repeating the stupid questions.  I am so rude to him, and trashing him so bad, he is eating it up.  He walks away and then comes back.  This guy was so out of it, he just didn't get it.  J sees my dilema and drags me inside to dance.  The guy follows, I leave the dance floor, he follows again, back on the floor and he is behind me, I cannot shake this guy.  Finally I hid in the bar, behind this really big guy, and he lost me, got distracted and found someone else to hit on.  Sorry girl, but Thank you! It's about 1:30 and J is having trouble with her back, so we are standing there watching the people on the floor.  On one side you have the Melon Girls, in their Lime Green shirts with Big Red Lips on the right tit, on the other side you have the group of friends, that includes the kid that hit on me, that do the round table with each other and it doesn't matter which sex you are(They reminded me of that Vampire movie with George Clooney, Raw, hardcore, at a price), then in the middle you had the retired Disco Break-dancer, in his Blue Spandex shirt doing a dance off with the Black Gentle-Something who's wearing the burlap shirt.  J voices that she thinks the circus is in town and all we need is a midget being shot out of a cannon.  The crowd parts and out walk two "little women".  Hand over mouth it was mutually decided to go home. Two things to be said..... 1) Always bust the balls of a 26 year old, who is proud to be called Junebug, that lives on the Westbank, gets his nasty-ass tats on the Westbank, looks like your daughter's ex-boyfriend and asks if you are your friend's Mother. and 2) Leave the dance floor when the circus is in town.