         Let me tell you, there isn't a feeling like it in the world.  Bike Night!  Men, Bikes and Leather.  The smells, the sounds and the tastes. I left work early and started my vacation by stopping at the nail salon to fancy up my fingers, this endeaver took an hour and a half and I left without paint.  Now I had to meet my partner in crime (J) at 7 and the dude I have been trying to hook up with for the last month is supposed to ride in at 7:30. I scream out of the salon at 5:50 pm. I get home, jump in the shower, shave my legs, towel dry, powder, dress and put on my biker boots.  Do the make-up, hair and brush my teeth.  Paint my nails, grab a beer and my purse and I am out the door at 6:30.  (When I am in a hurry I don't fuck around, and I can not stand a man that takes longer than I do in the bathroom.)  Hit the store, need a PowerBall ticket it was 165 Mil last night, you could be reading a millionaires post right now, anyway......zoom in my cute new car to the Pitstop.  I am lookin sexy, I am feeling sexy and the dude is gonna get some tonight. We are there, J and I pull in the parking lot at the same time, we get out, and she is lookin Hot herself, Tats showing, cleavage that I am jealous of, and her kick-ass heels.   We saunter over, not too many bikes, but we have had rain all day.  J and I were not disappointed, you have a parking lot and they will come, I would say at one time there had to have been close to a hundred bikes. So, there we stood, looking around and I wait for the dude.  7:30 passes by and it is now close to 8, J says to call, and after a few minutes of deliberation I call.  The phone rings and rings, I figure he may be on his way and couldn't hear the phone, 10 minutes go by and I try again.  The chime sounds off in my ear, The Dude turned off his phone.  WTF!  Now I am pissed, I can not believe this, I am so mad.  I tell J about it, and she shares her choice words, and he is now on the don't call me list.  Don't get me wrong, I never dump a guy after one mistake, this guy has been messin around with my head for the last month and this was the last straw...ya know, he could have called, said anything and he would still be in my good graces...but no call and no show, talk to the hand sweetheart.