         We are delving into the past on this "Monday Night Story Hour" and I will be kind and leave out all the explicit details.  It's St. Patty's day week back in 2000.  I was recently divorced and had a good tax refund.  I wanted to get away so, I surfed the net looking for a B&B someplace in New Hampshire.  A place I could drive to.  A place I had never been before. I picked a little pink house in the small town of Bethlehem, New Hampshire.  A beautiful place called   Angel of the Mountains . I called, made my reservations and arrived on a Tuesday.  My host was a sweet man, who welcomed me like I was family.  He showed me around, explained his wife was out of town and told me to make myself comfortable. I unpacked my things in my room.  It was a cute room on the third floor.  It had low windows that peaked out and was decorated with flowers and felt very homey.  I collapsed on the bed and let out a sigh.  It was definitely a little piece of heaven. About 4PM, I was served wine with a cheese and fruit plate while I warmed myself by the fireplace and watched some TV.  Afterwards I was informed that there was a nice restaurant about 4 blocks away if I cared to have dinner. Thinking it was just a short walk, I left my car in the driveway and trudged along.  It turned out to be more like a half a mile, but the meal was worth it. I had Salmon served with a wild rice and some vegetables and complimented it with a nice glass of wine.  For dessert I had Pecan Pie.  I wasn't ready to hike back to the B&B, so I sat at the bar and sipped a Cognac.  I chatted with the bartender and a couple of the locals and about 8PM I started back to the B&B.  About half way back I realized two things.  First, I was tired and second, the elevation, 2 glasses of wine and a Cognac made me tipsy.  I barely made it back, climbed up the stairs and passed out with my clothes still on. I woke the next morning feeling a little hung-over but refreshed.  My host had breakfast waiting for me.  Omelet, fruit, juice, coffee....all fabulous.  He asked if I had an agenda and I told him I thought I would try skiing. But as I climbed in my car, I decided to drive.  The next thing I knew, I was in Canada.  The man at the check point asked my intentions as I stopped at the border.  I guess my dumbfounded look kind of threw him.  I replied with, "I thought I would say I did."  He realized I had never driven to Canada before and the next thing I knew, he was pinning me with his flag pin and welcoming me. With a wave, I was on my way.  Then it occurred to me, I have no Canadian money, I have no Canadian map, I don't speak French...Crap!  So, at the next turn around(which was 28km up the highway), I u-turned it and headed back.  I ended up stopping at the tourist place on the border, got myself a shot-glass and a scarf and when the lady asked me if I had anything to claim, I was proud to tell her of my finds. I ended up back at the B&B early, my host disappointed that I didn't end up going skiing, but I told him of my adventure which made him chuckle. I went to the same place for dinner as the night before, but drove this time.  It was much quieter and I didn't stay long.  I had an early night.  The next morning, I was determined to try skiing.  I arrived at   Loon Mountain  about 10AM.  I rented skis, boots, poles and paid for a lesson.  The guy at the desk told me to put the gear on and go out and practice for awhile, since the next lesson started at 11AM.  So I did.  And I fell.  And I fell again.  And I fell on my face.  On my butt.  On my side.  I ended up soaked to the skin, bruised, sore and in tears.  I was in the middle of the bunny slope and I took those damn boots off and walked back to the lodge. I discovered I hate skiing! I was so thankful to get out of there....Never again!  The people at the lodge are probably still laughing about me. Anyway, it turned out good...as I was on my way back to the B&B, I spotted a sign that said Beer tasting.  I ended up at a pub, having a delish lunch, sampling beer.  I won a pilsner glass, a t-shirt and a bumper sticker.  It was so much fun, I forgot my butt hurt. I went to a different restaurant for dinner that night and then on the way back to the B&B, I saw a light on at a little hole in the wall next to where I was staying.  I hadn't seen it on the other nights, so I stopped. There was a man behind this old bar, a woman sitting at the bar and another man over to the side.  I spotted a nice Port and asked for a glass. The next thing I knew, I was on my third glass of port and it was just me and the bartender in the place.  He asked where I was staying.  I told him and he said he was closing.  He asked if I wanted to go for a swim and I said yes.  He smiled and told me he would be by to pick me up in 10 minutes.  We ended up at another hotel.  The pool.  The Sauna.  The Hot-Tub.    As he drove me back to where I was staying it started to snow.  I gazed out into the night and concluded that it was an incredible vacation.