         The following "Letter of Recommendation" is something I came across while surfing.   Yes, I stole it!  So what!! I thought it was fitting after my unlucky weekend.  Toad never returned my email and he never called me back.  Chicken-shit!  He is so afraid of me it isn't funny. Tiger, yeah, I called him....he said he was coming over, and he did a no-show....another chicken shit. Sach, called and called...I didn't answer, can't deal with a big-talking, lame-ass, show-off. And then there was Giovani....hmmm, met him Saturday night, he was rude, I was rude back.  He paid attention after that.  Playful pats on the knee, gentle brushes as we would walk around each other, sarcastic banters for hours.  At 5am, I finally said, "hey you taking me home or are you coming home with me?".   Blew his mind....no sex happened, we ended up at my parents house, sipping wine and watching the sunrise while swimming in the pool(with suits).   I was hooked on this 6'6", Peoria born Italian stud and he was still stuck on his ex-wife.   Damn, damn, damn.   At 7am I walked him to his car, thanked him for the lovely morning, and told him to give me a call.  He won't and that's fine.  I don't need to be taking up my time with explaining the rules of non-relationship sex.  So, now the letter.  This is what they are missing out on, hmmm, thier loss...someone else's gain.  To Whom It May Concern:   I have had the privilege of the acquaintance of The Vixen for the past ? years, during which time we engaged in an exciting relationship, working together intimately for quite some time.  During the course of this affectionate association, The Vixen handled a great many inter-personal responsibilities, including but not limited to flirtatious e-mail correspondence, effective couch-based cuddling, and, of course, stimulating carnal encounters.  Without a doubt, I can say that The Vixen would make an excellent significant other for the foreseeable future.  The Vixen was always the rock that served as the base of our comfy understanding, able to quickly adapt and counter my own personal faults.  Her adaptability was key on several occasions, including one very memorable night on the floor of an unfurnished apartment.  Without this flexibility, in both senses of the word, no doubt I would have been forced to make compromises.  It is, however, a testament instead to her charming, effervescent personality that our friendship now is actually greater than it was during our private liaisons.  Indeed, her friendliness knows little bounds; you would be hard-pressed to get on her bad side, but if you do, you likely deserve it, and further, should likely move to another state.  However, while in her good graces, you will enjoy the pleasure of stimulating conversation, both learned and lustful.  Many a time, she has brought a smile to my lips, and she is as good a listener as she is a conversationalist, especially when said conversation takes place over the course of a few beverages.  I would be remiss if I did not mention her sterling physical capabilities at this time.  Without a doubt, she is notably voluptuous, and it would be challenging to find a better and more wonderfully curvy platform for low-cut blouses than she.  Further, her prowess in the bedroom is astonishing, and were I to have another chance to be invited therein, I would gladly take it.  You will not be disappointed, but you (and your neighbors) will likely be surprised at her intense demonstrations of enjoyment.  In closing, The Vixen will do good by you, entertain you, excite you, tire you out, cheer you up, comfort you, make you laugh, be there when you cry, and in all manners, make you feel good.  It is without reservation that I highly recommend her for any short- or long-term position in friendship, closeness and/or intimacy.  Sincerely,   X