         It was supposed to be a really nice weekend with a successful, charming, affectionate man. It started out that way, really it did.  Friday he calls me in a panic, he was so excited about being on vacation, he missed the sign on the highway for his turn off and ended up in a not so great neighborhood in the middle of the Westbank.  I get him turned around and back into the city and while on the phone I heard his exclamation of joy as he pulled into his driveway. (Ya see, he hadn't been to town in quite sometime and ya know how it goes).  He is so thankful to me, instead of our Sunday date, he begs me to come over that night and see him.   Of course I said yes, ya think I am stupid. I ran home, did my essentuals(cats fed, changed clothes, etc.), stopped at the store(he asked me to pick up a few things), and headed his way.   I finally get there and he grabs my hand and we do the cheek-kissy thing.  Nice, tall, warm, yummmmm! He had been at the condo for about 4 hours and he had polished off a six pack of beer, so I asked if he had eaten, which he responds with, "I had some beef jerky at 2."   Ok, great...he is buzzing. I talk him into ordering food, which he eats some, and he starts to sound better. One thing lead to another and we are hugging and kissing and cuddling, he stops and says, "You know I decided before you got here, we weren't sleeping together."  Which I respond, "Fine, don't think the little soldier is in operating condition anyway."  All was good, laying together, talking, skinny dipping in the pool, holding each other, and talking more.  He mentioned about us going to Gulf Shores, and talked about the family in York, and us doing this and doing that.  He introduced me to his Uncle, and his sister. Hugging and kissing went on all weekend, with the exception of me leaving for a few hours on Saturday to do some errands. At One O'clock on Sunday, we went to "Sunday" dinner at his Uncle's. He put his arm around me while we sat and talked with his Uncle.  He would pat my knee, or wink at me too.  I am feeling all warm and fuzzy and I am really liking it.   After dinner we went back to his condo and watched some TV. Awhile goes by and he was craving steak, so we walked to the store, got some food and we walked back.  He fires up the grill, which pretty much blew up when he put the bacon wrapped shrimp on it and then it ran out of fuel.  The steaks ended up being baked and we settle in to watch a movie.   "The Sweetest Thing" with Cameron Diaz.   Well, the movie is funny, I am cracking up, he is getting cold.  I make comments that some of the scenes are so true, he is getting uncomfortable.  He scoots away to the other side of the couch.  Hmmm? Movie over, I clean up the dishes, call my folks and he is watching me.  I ask if everything is ok?  he said all was fine.  I then ask if he wants me to leave. No pause, no blink in the eye...."Yes, that would be best" he says. Wow, I am floored.  I put my shoes on, get my stuff and walk to the door.   He opens it, walks me to the gate, pats me on the back and tells me to call him when I get home, if I want. Then the floodgates break, as I round the corner.  I walked to my car, alone, tears streaming down my face, wondering what I did wrong. I finally get to my car and I start to sob, so I sat there a couple minutes. Regaining control, I grabbed my phone, wanting to know if maybe he would reconsider, maybe we could talk, but his cell is turned off and he isn't answering the house line. The gates reopened, tears streaming down my face I drove through the city, if it hadn't been for Mr. Atlanta and his soothing voice on the other end of the phone, I may have wrecked.  But he was there for me, listening to me ball my eyes out, blowing bubbles out my nose and snorting(romantic picture huh?). I still don't know what I did, and I probably never will.  I just know I let the walls down and he took advantage, and all I asked was he didn't lie to me, nothing else.   I don't get it. Mr. Atlanta says I wasn't stupid, but I was, in a way.   I trusted and I probably shouldn't have.   I gave without taking.   I believed him. I let him in. He hurt me and I cried. Pretty dumb.