         I Love this City, I really do. You see the most amazing sights, all hours of the day and night. Bars are open 24/7 and sometimes you will get lucky and find a clean place to eat at 3am. I have seen drunks weave back and forth on foot, on bikes(moter and pedal) and in cars. I have watched people just fall over on the street and go into a deep sleep. I have seen men expose what they think is the most magical tool in the world and women with their sagging to the knees breasts bare it for 50 cent plastic trinkets. I have seen sex acts in the middle of the street and in corners of sleezy bars(ohhh sorry, ewww!). This last week has really taken the cake.  Now I don't live downtown, I live in a city about 15 miles away.  Rural, families, both rich and poor in the same neighborhoods, so this is really the sad part.  Monday on my way into work, at 6:45 am, I spy on the side of the road, in a grassy patch, sitting under a tree, two guys, sitting there, paper bags over their 40 ouncers.  Like it's freakin Sunday afternoon.  Tuesday, not sure, it was dark outside, a really bad storm came in, so that day doesn't count.  Wednesday, was the same as Monday...two guys, on the side, sipping 40 ouncers.  What is up with that?  Is your life so messed up you have to numb it by 7am.    Today....this is the gross one. I am minding my own business, driving in to work.  Radio playing, singing to the song, putting on lipstick..and the car in the lane next to me, about 50 feet in front of me, all of a sudden has it's passenger door open.  What is going on?  So I look closer and it looks like someone is dumping liquid out.   No. The passenger is not having a good morning. First thought, was I am gonna hurl...my second thought was..."Hey, Mr. Driver, your friend is gonna fall out of the damn car, you are booking it 50 miles an hour while he is losing his breakfast". I had to speed up, because the first thought came back, but I looked back and the driver still hadn't pulled over and the door was still open.    Now I have seen everything...and it's only Thursday!