         Wednesday bike night was the usual, even though the rain had scared some of the fair weather riders away.  No burgers on the grill, no venders selling their wares and no music blasting in the lot.  But the gang was there,   Miss J  was there and I met new and fasinating people.   Henry and his partner chatted with me about the French Quarter, the hot spots and the not so hot. They talked me into trying Southern Decadence again, this Labor Day Weekend, and told me where to hang out where I wouldn't stumble upon anything I had no desire to see.  Chatting done, pregnant pauses too frequent, Miss J and I head to Legends to shake our Booty.  The floor is empty, but not for long.  I came out of the bathroom and shimmied on to the floor, overpowering some chica with a backpack trying to boogie with "MY" Miss J (what was she thinking?).  Hot, sweaty, feet cramping in my 4 inch thin heeled boots, biker dudes drooling on the sidelines, J and I head outside to chat and cool off in front of the fans.    Just as we are about to sit down, this guy hollers to me, "Hey, you never came back to buy your car!" Ohh, no....the "Toyota man".   The same Toyota man that hit on me as I was trying to buy a car.   This is Mr. T's story: He asked me if I was from Jersey the day I went into the dealership.  I had lived there for a couple years, but I am not from Jersey...him knowing this now, he insisted on calling me Jersey Girl(Buddy strike one!). It was Memorial Day, I had just come from "The Daiquiri Dude's" house, was wearing shorts, a thin strapped top and a glow.  Mr. T kept looking at my tits and commented on my tattoo. I was asking him about financing and he said I had beautiful eyes. With brochures on the car in my hand, I left. Two days later, armed with information from the internet I went back to the dealership. I had come from work, so I was in a skirt and nice blouse.  I still had my work tags hanging from my blouse. I asked Mr. T why didn't he offer me the rebate I found on the internet, I asked him why the price of the car was higher than the MSRP, he said I cleaned up good(WTF asshole...strike two!). I repeatedly asked him these questions, he got flustered and passed me to another dealer, really!  This new dealer tried to answer my questions, I knew it wasn't his fault I thanked him for his time and I left.  Mr. T you just struck out!  So, now I am standing in the middle of the courtyard, looking as fine as a woman can look and I am confronted by this jerk.  Hand on hip and a sassy reply of "I bought a Dodge, sweetheart", had him grip his chest and gasp from rejection.  He then laughs and offers to buy us a drink, not sure if we declined or said maybe later, but he went back to his table and Miss J and I sat down at ours.  After awhile Mr. T comes over, asks if I come there often, says he would like to meet me there sometime, hands me a card and skedaddles. Well...I guess I should be flattered.  Hmmmm, no, not really, and that is why the card is probably in the dumpster behind Legends about now. I am such a Bitch!