         I overslept this morning...don't know...just did. I didn't do anything in particular last night, I didn't go out, I didn't stay up late. I went to the store after work and got myself a pint of Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream, went to the Video Store and rented,   Maid in Manhattan  and   The Family Man , sat on the couch with the fan going a hundred billion miles an hour and laid there.  Just me and the cats.  I don't get it....I guess I was just tired...ohh well.  After the movies, I signed on to check my mail (nothing), but I get a pop-up IM.    I get them all the time, sometimes it's fun and passes the time and sometimes it's a chore to deal with the idiots that think "IM" means Instant Matefinder.    Well, I am not sure if "Tiger" (the boy that IMed me last night) is in the idiot catagory, he didn't ask me to meet him at the Lakefront for some swapping of bodily fluids in the backseat of my car, he didn't ask me for my phone number, he didn't ask me to cyber, he didn't even ask me what I was wearing.  I guess he earned more bonus points for all of those.    The conversation with him last night got me to thinking this morning.  The entire IM thing, what is it, really?  Is it another form of communication for you and your friends and associates to use to keep in contact with other friends and associates?  Or is it another avenue for assholes to use lame pick-up lines to catch a susceptible woman during her lowest point?  Is it ok to send a message to a complete stranger and ask her if she does couples?  Or do you have a lunch break, you want to go have some fun?  Or I am married, but my wife doesn't understand me?  How about, Hey baby, I got a big Dick?  I loved the one where the guy asked if I did black.  Give me a break...would you walk up to some woman you don't even know and ask her these questions to her face?  Little Boy, you would get a knee in the crotch and a hand across the face!  Yes, you would. What is it all about?  Are we in such a hurry to screw, that we forget about manners?  Common sense!!, is there any left?  What ever happened to "Hello, how are you today"?  Come to think on it, Tiger did start with a Hello, how are you? and he spelled it all out...I guess not all boys are lost causes.