           David Copperfield , yes...I went to his show in Gulfport, and my mom took me.  The show was good, the food was good, the room had a beautiful view of the gulf and I didn't win anything at the casino.  The best part was I saw the hunky "Magic Man", who took my mind off my upcoming travel and I am still trying to figure out how he got that '47 Lincoln on the stage in the middle of all those people.  Mom and I got back to the homefront around 2:15, Thursday, I did the last minute packing, talked to Irv and then I got really nervous.  I started to chatter and I couldn't sit still.  I know my brother was glad to get rid of me.  Mom came and got me, dropped me at the airport and when I went to get my seat assignment, the wonderful airline clerk person informed me that there was a flight delay.  One and a half hours.  Fucking great, now I can sit in the airport longer and work myself into a total tizzy.  Deep breath.....  It turned out to not be all that bad, but as Irv said, as the plane started to land, I started to shake and as I walked through the airport and rode the train, it got worse.  Then the escalator was staring me in the face and I knew he would be at the top waiting, so I took another deep breath, smiled to myself and rode up.  At the top I took a left and he was on the right and after a few steps I had a feeling, so I turned around and he was there, about 50 feet away.  I walked up to him and he smiled and I smiled and I hugged him and a quick kissie and I was here.  Safe, comfortable(but that shy nervous, still) and I knew it was ok.  The drive to the apartment was filled with small talk and listening to music, there was a fog over the   City , so I couldn't get the entire effect(I guess I will have to come back...heheee).    Then we were here, his place.  A man's place, yeah....he, his son, a cat and   KISS  stuff.  This is too cool!!!  I am not going into detail about what happened later, just gonna say it was good, really good.  The hand on my butt as he slept, the sigh from his lips as I slid my arm around him at 3am, the feel of his warmth through the entire night, the smell of him and the taste on my lips.  He is a good, kind man and I am lucky to have found him.  I am more excited about the rest of the weekend, I want to learn more about a man that I know will be a Best Friend to me and fill my nights with magic.