         It was totally wonderful!  Lately my Saturday nights have been playing pool and hanging with my "Spanish Chica", so last evening I gave her a call to find out if we are gonna hang out.  She is excited and needs to tell me something, but wants to wait till we get together.  A couple hours later I am at the Pub waiting for her, it's been a while, so I am just about to give up and the phone rings.  She is on her way.  When she walks in, she greets me with, "Are you ready?".  I am game, so we head out.  When we get to the cars I ask her what is going on and she tells me about hooking up with an old friend from high school and her friend is waiting for us at a club in Fat City.  I said, "Ok, a new place to play pool", she says, "No, dancing, at Rainbows".  My mouth popped open, Rainbows is a lesbian bar.  I have never been there, and I never in my wildest dreams thought she would be the one that took me there.  When we get there, her friends greet us, hugs, kisses on the cheek and in we go.   The place was packed and a very wide assortment of different types of women and men.  Some straight, some very gay, beautiful, not so pretty, tall, short, thin, round, dressed up and dressed down.  And I tell ya, the girls know how to dance.  Chica grabs my arm and says, "You are my woman, don't lose me."  Her friends laugh and we all end up on the dance floor.  Hands, arms, thighs, butts, rubbing, touching and I even got a tongue across my shoulder and collar bone (mostly to lick the drink off that really was accidentally spilled on me).  Chica's friend gave me a frontal lap dance and then sat on my lap and did some bounce dance, of course Chica couldn't be out done and bounced me after.   Never let a straight woman sit on your lap, she is too stiff. Around 2:30 am one of the girls' ex's showed up with her new woman, and you know them girls stick together.  Next thing I knew there was a cat fight to end all cat fights, a couple of our crew got tossed out and the ones that didn't, were really close to getting tossed too.  Chica and I decided it was time to go, first it was almost 4 in the morning and second, them bitches are crazy.  Man or woman, there are more out there, fighting over one is so not worth it. Crazy or not, bitches or not, gay or not, we really did have a good time.  Will I go again?  You got that right, Saturday nights will have to suffer without pool.