         The plan was to go dancing.  I missed it. The "Blue Pill" guy gave me a call and asked me to pick him up, he isn't driving anymore (he is 74) and he wanted to have a couple cocktails at the VFW.  Sure, I told him no problem, figured I would drop him at home around 9:30 and be on my way.  Well, we get to the bar and after a few minutes Mikey stops by and we start chatting.   He is a very intelligent man, very philosophical, and he stimulates my mind in such a way I never get enough.  He and I have a chemistry, there are always sparks when we are together, but not the kind of sparks that any type of intimacy would happen, we are satisfied with what we do have.   So, Mikey and I are talking, and the conversation is getting very deep, I realize I am neglecting "Blue Pill dude", so I turn to talk to him and he proceeds to fall off the bar stool, crashes across the room, hits the door, slides down the door and bangs his head on the floor.  You never saw three people jump so fast in your life.  My mom comes flying from behind the bar, Mikey is on his feet running to his aid and I am grabbing napkins to put on his elbows cuz he is bleeding everywhere.   Ohh it was awful.   I should have been paying more attention, some how the "Blue Pill Guy" got sloshed.  He became completely incoherent, so Mikey and I loaded him in my car, after we cleaned him up and checked the damages, and took him home.  Mikey carried him in the house, we emptied his pockets, took his shoes off and left him in his bed. By the time we got back to the bar, Mom had gone home, so Mikey and I stood out by his truck and talked.   Both of us were totally freaked out about what happened, and the conversation stayed there for awhile.  He then mentioned about his and my connection.  How he was stimulated by me in an intellectual way, blah, blah, blah.  I agreed with him and told him that it was from a spark I had felt the day I met him.   He then turns it around to how we can't do anything about it, that he is married and he will not destroy his inner place.  Whoa boy!  I didn't say I wanted anything more than what we have, I am totally blown away by the direction of his thoughts.   I get him calmed down and we both agree that our friendship means more than anything, then I am taken back when he asks for a hug.  He grabs me and hugs me and he is not letting me go, we are standing there for about 10 minutes, he then slowly releases me, gently kisses me on the lips, puts his hand to my cheek and climbs in his truck and leaves. I watched him drive away toward home, standing there till the taillights were no longer visible, and I felt whole.  I probably shouldn't have felt that good, but I did and still do today.  I know my friend will always be there, and we share something, something really deep and binding.   Scary huh?