         The men in my life....I have no idea what has come over them.  Mr. Atlanta is in love.  Not with me.  I know he has feelings for me and he cares about me, as I do him, but to be honest there was no "SHAZAM".  I felt a pang, mostly from my greed....(he is mine).....maybe jealousy that he found "the place" before me....but honestly I am happy for him.  I truly hope it works for him.   I will cherish what we have until the end.  He says nothing will change between us, but I know, I have been there before.  The girlfriend will want to know why he needs to talk to another woman when she is there for him now, blah, blah, blah.  "Sigh", at least I will always know I can do for him what she will never do, {Grin}....Kisses Irv, Love ya!  Tico....I have not talked to Tico in days.  It seems he wanted to get nasty via Instant Messages while I was at work.  I can't do that at work, give me a break.  Anyway, he was telling me how he was gonna pin me down and tickle me.  I told him he was not, because I do not like to be tickled.  I have issues with it.  He was a total pain in the ass about it and went off on a tangent about how women he likes don't like him.  Whine, whine, whine!   Buddy!! I DO NOT LIKE TO BE TICKLED. If you want to know why, get a court order and ask my shrink! Geez, what the fuck!  I thought I had issues.  Then there is Mr. Fix-it.  We tried to get together and do something all weekend.  He always ran into a problem canceling any of my plans.   Fine no big deal. Last night, he calls and the first thing out of his mouth was, "You just get home, where you been?" {sound of screeching brakes} Ummm, none of you business sweetie!  He then remembers I have school and that is acceptable.  I am a bit irked so I turn the tables and remind him that he had been blowing me off all weekend and that we aren't at a spot where he can ask where I have been.  The entire conversation, which lasted about an hour, was sprinkled with innuendo of LTR's and something more than the F-Buddy relationship.  I had to hang up, I was getting a headache.  I thought he understood.   I have a feeling he is gonna ask for more and I will have to not see him anymore.  There isn't a Love Connection.  Bummer, he is really good.