         Today being the second Anniversary of the attack on the United States of America, most of last night and this morning I have been contemplating what I was going to post.  On my way in to work the radio stations played the tribute songs and allowed moments of silence in memory of our lost loved ones and hero's.  When "Proud to be an American" played, I blasted the radio, and let the tears fall.  I sat on the Huey, waiting for the traffic to move, and thought of what I was doing two years ago.    The night before, September 10,2001, I was sitting in   Hooters"  in Davenport, Iowa, drinking dollar drafts and eating chicken wings, watching a ball game on TV. (This is what you do when you live in a hotel and have nothing better to do.  Ewwww, Quad-Cities!)  The next morning, we(me and boyfriend) woke up late(about 10) and we were driving to   Clarence (population 936, and he thought I would move there, yea right!), I am fiddling with the radio and the news is on.  At first I thought it was a sick joke and then I thought I was going to be sick.  I started to yell at the boyfriend to turn around, but he wouldn't.  He said there was nothing we could do, so he kept driving and I kept crying.   By the time we got back to the hotel, I was raw feeling.  I lived in New York, I lived in Virginia(near DC), I had just moved to Iowa from Massachusetts.  I was broken hearted that the cities I knew and loved would never be the same.  I was in mourning for myself and for those that had lost so much.  I was devastated because I was too naive. I thought that as an American, this would never happen here in America.  I sat in front of the TV, like millions of other people and watched the events unfold over and over again. Day by day, what I saw made me more aware.    First, the anger toward the money hungry asses that tried to monopolize on the tragedy of the people.    The price gawgers, the selfish retarded assholes, who the hell do you think you are.   Pay Four Fucking dollars for a gallon of gas, keep your gas, I'd rather walk.    Then, after the panic subsided, and the President spoke, and Rudy took control, the America I know came out.  The helping hands, the hugs, the unselfish donations of self, the Americans I am proud to say are true Americans.   Honorable, selfless, caring, people. I remember the Friday after, the town was asked to go to church.   To be there for a noon service. I don't go to church, but I was there. I sang loud and proud, I cried, I held hands with thy neighbor, I hugged thy neighbor and when I left that church I felt better inside.   I felt hope.  Now, two years later, we have   men  and   women    overseas  fighting for us.  We got mad and they were warned, repeatedly, over many, many years.  Our President, George W. Bush(Junior), has stood proud for his actions.  He will not back down.    I am not going to turn this post into a political discussion, but my opinion will be stated.  I am proud of our   President.   He is a man with a mission and he will not give up.  He has not lost his focus.  I can not say that for all people.  I am sick and tired of people whining about how this has gone on forever, how GW is fighting his daddy's war.    People....You forget....How dare you!  If you don't like how it's done and you think you can do a better job, run for office. If you think that GW should be out of office, start a petition. If you hate America because of one thing or another.....GET THE FUCK OUT! We don't need you!  I am proud of America and I am proud to be an American.  ....."God Bless America", "One Nation Under God".....