         August 29:  Lionels' Birthday....age 74, 13 teeth, drinks too much, smokes too much, but has the "Blue Pill".   Lionel showed up at the VFW, which was being run by "Moi" aka Jasmine, as my parents are still out of town, I got him a little single-person cake and a funny card. (He is a lonely old man, his daughter doesn't even come and see him anymore, the bitch.) Anyway, a few friends stopped by, (nice to actually serve people drinks) chit-chat, blah blah blah and I ended up taking Lionel to his favorite haunt after I closed down the bar.    Coach's.    I was sitting at the Jukebox picking some songs and this guy sat on my lap, Tommy.  I know Tommy, he is cute, and crude, and a blabber-mouth, selfish, overconfident, you know the usual 40-something ego.  So he is sitting on my lap and he says, you are beautiful, I love the way you sing, the way you look, and you smell good (I know a pick up line when I hear it).  Tommy tells me he has been asking around for me, and he was too afraid to ask me for my number the last time he saw me. (another pick up line)  I figure what the heck, let see what this guy is about and I give him my number.   The night was getting late so I drove Lionel home and I went home.  I had to work the next morning and I needed to be a good girl.  August 30: Worked....I gave away 230 cans of Campbell's Soup during a marathon demonstration.  Single serving sip cups.  I was beat, I was sick, I needed a nap...got home around 3:30, thought to myself....Hmmmm, I can take an hour nap and be at the Luau in plenty of time......Yeah, I woke up at 8, so I missed the Luau, crap!   Instead I spent some time with my niece, we colored and watched one of her Power Puff Movies.  Always an experience to cuddle up with a 5 year old and have her pet your head and say, "Auntie, you are so pretty, I Love You."    The little Vixen always gets me.  August 31: Worked the bar again, even though Mom and Dad were back from their trip.  Didn't want to stay home, so I volunteered.  I finished my American Government homework before my first customer showed, so I accomplished something.  The usual crowd and a few new faces, even topped my highest tip record at 10 bucks, whoo-hooo!!  Arguments got so heated about politics and whining about the post attendence, I finally had had enough and I slapped the counter and said in a firm voice, "If you all don't like the way things are run around here and if you all think that people need to come here, then get up off your lazy asses and do something about it."  "I am sick and tired of you people whining and bitching about the post and you don't do anything, put your money where your mouth is and do it."  I had 10 pairs of eyes staring at me, mouths hung open and after a few seconds the subject was changed.   Amazing! Another amazing thing, Lionel needed a ride home again, and he wanted to stop at Coach's again, go figure! So we are at Coach's, I am sitting at the bar, Coach(Owner) comes over and sits next to me, we are chatting about life and his experiences.  After a few minutes I am realizing the old timer is hitting on me, lordy lordy, the buck is 84 years old.   Why me?   He finally realizes he isn't getting anywhere and he sees my irritation and he appologizes for his behavior.   Accepted.   And I was offered a job.   Bartending, hmmmmm, cash....I like cash.  This would be good, one or two nights a month, 300 bucks or so in tips per night(it's a busy place)...I could definately deal with that, yesireeeee!  Sept 1:  It's September!  Wow!  Went to a Labor day party at the Post, burgers, dogs, music, sitting around chatting with the folks....I won the 50-50 raffle, 73 dollars in my pocket, Yippeeeee! Money was burning a hole in my pocket so I went to dinner and then found myself home by 8.   Surfed the internet and up pops Tico.   Tico is a local dude that IMed me a few months back....could be close to five month ago now....anyway, Tico is nuts.  It's hard to tell if he is joking or serious, but he makes me smile on occasion.   Last night he spent the first 10 minutes of our conversing sending me little jokes in the IM screen, but I finally got him to have a "normal" conversation with me.  We chatted for awhile and as usual I started teasing him about never going out with me.   I really think the man is shy. He is a 47 year old father of three. Separated. Devoted to his children. Career student, but has a real job. Not quite sure what he wants to do when he grows up. Typical Male. But shy. Don't get it, not like I am gonna do something horrid to him.  Just asking for coffee one night, maybe dinner and a movie sometime, not asking for a commitment, cripes! Then, the man blew my mind, he asks me if I am going to the bookstore again.  I told him I would be there after class on Wednesday.  He asked if it would be ok if he met me there.  I told him to come on over, I'd be the one in the coffee shop doing her homework.  We shall see, not holding my breath.  Oh and as for Tommy....nope never called, such a blowhard!