         Mr. Fix-it had called yesterday and asked to see me after my class, but by the time the class was out, I really was feeling like crap. I called him to tell him that, first, I really didn't want to go over to his place and second, I was feeling bad. He begged and pleaded, saying he just wanted to cuddle and he missed me so much.  Finally, I relented and told him I would come over to cuddle, but no sex.  He claimed I would change my mind. I get there a few minutes later and he is all over me, drooling on me, hands pawing at me and grabbing at my skirt.  I batted his hands away and told him I would leave if he kept it up. I told him I just wanted to lay down and if he was gonna cuddle with me, then he better get at it.  I crawled up on the bed and closed my eyes, he pulled me in his arms and he kissed my forehead.  I guess I started to doze, cuz I am not sure how it started, but his hands were climbing up my skirt and he was kissing my neck.  I told him to stop, that I wasn't up to it, but he kept it up.  The next thing I knew I was on my back and he had me pinned under him.  I felt a small panic attack start to form in the pit of my stomach.  I felt pain in my hips where he had his hips grinding on me, I felt him crushing the breath out of me.  I am trying to think and all that keeps coming to mind is that if he wants to have sex with me there is nothing I could do.  I knew I was not strong enough to get him off me.  All of a sudden I stopped thinking and I went limp, I just laid there staring at the ceiling, knowing there was nothing I would be able to do and he was kissing my neck and biting at me, telling me how I make him crazy, probably thinking I am loving all of it, but then he isn't getting any kind of reaction, so he stops.  He looked at me and said, "Why you laying there?  It's like kissing a mummy".  So in a firm voice I said, "Get off me, you are hurting me".   He did stop, and he scooted lower down my body and hugged me.  The panic went away and I found myself so tired.  Exhausted.  He climbed up next to me and pulled me into his arms and hugged me tight.  I wanted to go home.  I finally did get up, I put on my shoes and he walked me out.  He hugged me, told me to get some rest and he said he would call me.   In my car, as I rounded the turn-around at the end of the street, the memory was a different one.     I was running behind the school, chasing after Eddie cuz he stole 20 bucks from me.  I just crossed the basketball court and the wind got knocked out of me.  I was flying across the grass, my knees were stinging and I was disoriented.  Then I was grabbed by my hair and yanked to my knees.  He realized he couldn't open his pants and hold my hair at the same time, so he pushed me to the ground and ripped my shirt.  I think I screamed "No", but it could have been in my head.  I tried to push him off, but he kept coming at me.  He couldn't get my jeans off, I was squirming around too much.  So instead he straddled my chest and opened his pants, he tried to open my mouth, he slapped me and pulled my hair.  But I wouldn't open.  I didn't care if he hurt me.  And then it was over, he had completed his task.  He ejacked all over my face, hair and chest.  He sat there for a minute, maybe more, maybe less, then he chuckled, zipped up his pants and he was gone. I laid there and cried.     I went home after that, I was met at the door by my best friend, she followed me up to my room, she helped me take a shower and bandage my scrapes.   She never asked what happened, she knew.   She never asked who did it, but I knew.   I got home and was just climbing into bed and my phone rang.  Mr. Fix-it wanted to make sure I made it home ok.  He must have noticed my voice was shaky or something, cuz he asked if I was alright.   I said No, and good-night.  I hung up after he said he would call me in the morning.  I didn't sleep very good, I kept remembering and this morning I still remember, but it's ok.   I am OK.