         The concert was awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  My chica and I left for Biloxi around 2pm.  I wanted to get there early enough, first to get a good parking spot and second to have something to eat.  We had a snack at "Charley's" and a couple beers and when we got to the Coliseum, I was put in a front row parking space, sweet! Another bonus, the line to get is wasn't very long and before we knew it we were in.  I had originally thought we were in the Mosh Pit, but we weren't.  Instead we were seated about 50 feet from the stage, in the center, 6th row.  The only thing between us and the stage was the pit and the sound man. About a half hour later the first intro band started to play.   "3 Days Grace" I think was the name.  Don't know who they are and I don't want the CD.  Totally head-banging, loud, noise.  The pit went nuts.  Bodies start to float across hands and the security is plucking the idiots off and telling them not to do that.  The more the security plucked them off, the more they kept at it.  After a song or two my chica turns to me and asks, "Is this Nickelback?".    Ohhhh my!  I thought she was kidding when she said she didn't know who they were. {Groan}  Well, they finally finish and the next band started up.  "TRAPT".  I again was not familiar with this band.  The pit again goes nuts and the bodies start to float again.  I am nervous for these people, mostly because the idiots are getting dropped and it's not carpet down there, it's concrete.   Personally, I will pass on being dropped from at least 6 feet on my head.   Then all of a sudden it looks like there is a freakin brawl going on down there.  The people opened up and a circle formed.  The next thing we knew they were pushing each other and not coy little shoves either.  They were literally whipping each other around, slamming into each other, knocking other people down, punching and trampling each other.  Then everyone would stand up and they would jump around and do some sort of dance.   Security took care of a couple of them, picking them up and carrying them out.  "Kicked out" kind of carried out.  I just don't understand it, I go to a concert to listen to the music, dance and have a good time.  These people thought it an honor to be tossed out.    (Like here's 45 bucks man, now pick me up and toss me out, duh, huh huh huh, Man that was cool!) Whatever!  The last song that TRAPT played I had heard on the radio, don't remember what the song was now, but it was good and no, I'll pass on that CD too.  Nickelback! When they came on stage, everyone went wild, yes, even me.  On the feet, and jammin.  Chica turns to me and yells in my ear, "I know them!"....I just smiled at her. The next two hours was spent screaming, singing, clapping, waving my hands, dancing and just plain enjoying the show.  Fireworks, loud booms, smoke and fire.  Awesome! Nickelback CD's....yes, they are on my Christmas list.  I got home about quarter after 1 in the morning and probably didn't fall asleep til about 2.  What a concert!!