         Though I started out today thinking I was going to post something of total fantasy, I realized it was not because I wanted to do it, it was because I am wanting to hide.  Hide from the world, my reality and just wait till the storm I have created dissipates to nothing and it's safe to go outside again. The storm being the inner turmoil I have over where I have taken my life in the last few weeks and days.  I have let my studies fall behind, mostly because I am so angry at the school for not giving me a credit for a dropped class.  I just have my panties in a bunch about paying for a class twice and only getting it completed once.  They say rules are rules, too bad.  I say fine, keep your rules, bite my ass, I am out of here!  Grrrrr!  Then there is the homefront, my son had been jerking me around about moving down here so I have been trying to take it all in stride.  Well, he finally said yes to a plane ticket, he is selling all his crap, and he will be here the 22nd of November.  I have no idea where he will sleep, though my mother thinks he is staying with her.  She is going to have a cow when she finds out he has no inclination to stay at her house.  Then my daughter.  I have no idea what to do with her.  One day she is moving to New Hampshire, then it's Colorado, then she is staying on the Cape, then she blows my mind and says she might move down here with me.  Lord, make up your mind, I can't afford it anymore!   Then there are men, there are always men.   Today I don't want any of them.  They are driving me crazy.    In one corner I have "Him".  He's not gonna like this and ya know what, Too bad!  He is driving me nuts.  I am having a really hard time with the happy-hyper mood.  I am not like that.   I like mellow.   I like chillin out.   I am not a chatty-Cathy.   I just can't do it, I am sorry but it's just not me. If you need the bubbly, chirpy, chittery chica you will have to go someplace else and to be honest I am not looking for that type in my life either.  Then in the other corner I have Mr. Fix-it.  He is all gung-ho about jumping in the sack with me.  He spread compliments like butter.  But then he forgets he says things, like how I get under his skin and how he likes me with him and we will do this and we will do that.  When I call him on it he denies it and backs up like the "little boy coward" he is.  He will call for a few day in a row, make me feel something and "BAM", I won't hear from him for a few days.  Total emotional rollercoaster.  LET ME OFF! It's makin me dizzy!  I think I am pickin up a bottle of vino on my way home from class tonight.....Kids, I am coming to work tomorrow with a hangover!