         I was in Kiln, Mississippi this past Saturday night visiting friends.  (I ended up crashing a big ho-down band, food, people and lots of rain.)   The real intention was to drop off some pics and have a beer or two and head home.  The next thing I knew the band had finished and we were heading to the bowling alley in Diamondhead to go dancing.  Ok, I am up for pretty much anything and I was really surprised.  The place was packed and the music was descent.   We danced some and after a few songs I decided to sit out for a few and do some people watching: and now the reason for this post.  While standing by the bar, sipping on a beer, I was assaulted repeatedly by unsolicited advances from a wide range of Diamondhead/Kiln/Mississippi swamp rat men.  Some made me laugh and some pissed me off.   The following are a sampling of the pick-up lines that were laid on me:  A short man came up to me and was staring at my chest.  He pointed and said, "Are those real or are they that silicone stuff?" When I said they were real, he asked if he could touch to see for himself.  Answer, NO!  Another short man can up to me and asked if my Tattoo was new, when I replied yes he got a grin on his face and asked, "You want me to set that ink for ya?" he then raised his hand as if to slap me on the back.  My quick reply to him was, "You like yer teeth in yer mouth?"  A very tall man was burning the butt of my jeans and I felt warmth so I turned and caught him. He smiled and said, "Just checking to see if it's as sensitive as it looks." This asswipe was standing next to his wife while he was burning holes in the ass of my pants, ewwwww.  And the one that took the cake.....this guy was really goodlooking, Hubba Hubba, he walks over to me and we start talking.  He asked if I was new in town, blah, blah, blah.  I explained I was visiting friends.  Anyway after a few minutes he leans over and whispers in my ear, "The wife is a traveling nurse and she is away til Monday.""Ya wanna come stay with me?"  I perked up my eyebrow and laughed.  When I stopped laughing I said one word....NO, and walked away.  I have come to the conclusion I am a magnet for jerks, married men, and total retards, though I must say, I can at least laugh about the entire thing.  They are definitely everywhere and guaranteed to put a little excitement in your weekend.  Heheeeee