         Ohhh my, where to begin?  Alright we will start with "Him", he left me two messages last night, while I was out shakin my bootie.  He said he saw the phone empty and took advantage of the opportunity.   Nice to be missed.   If you don't know he is presently about 150 miles out(offshore), on a ship with about 180 other people(mostly male children, ranging in ages between 20 to 50 years old).  He told me he sent me an E-Card and an E-Mail and hoped I was having a good time. This morning when I came into work, I read the card and mail.  Cute card, I like Garfield, he is a cool cat.(This does not mean to go Garfield crazy, I collect Teddy Bears and I don't need anymore of them either)   I had a meeting and when I got out the phone was ringing.  It was him.  He kind of ragged on me about not being there to answer his calls today, which I explained I was actually working.  Then he said he waited for my call yesterday afternoon.  Hmmmm, I don't believe I said I would call, but ohhh well, sorry if I did.  My mistake. Anyway, we chatted a bit, I told him I had decided I was getting my Moon Tattoo, even if I couldn't afford it right now.   He offered, but with a condition.....sweetie, I did names before, and guess what, you ain't getting your name on my body, anywhere, ever...and if you become a pest about it, "SEE YA!"  Today is not a good day to think about personal issues, I am in a "Don't give a crap" mood.  You don't like me doing this, then get out, Peeshhhh! But, today I have been thinking.   Analyzing.   Asking myself the usual questions, like "Is this what I want?", "Where is this going?", "Do I like this?".  And my conclusion....I am exhausted.   My mental balance has been tilted, and I don't like it.  It is not a pleasant feeling, it is actually making me angry.  I have come a long way in order to achieve peace, order, and stability.   I like quiet, I like harmony....and I am not getting it. I had gotten myself absorbed in the idea of what the capabilities are and not sat and figured out if I am really interested in the possible capabilities.  I fear that during this entire process, I forgot about me.   I was so wrapped up in the him in the story, I really did forget about the me.  I don't like this, don't want it......Crap, can I have a Martini now?  This post went to Hell in a hand-basket quick, didn't it?