         Just when I had given up and decided that I wasn't going to do it anymore, he called.  I hear the deep rasp of his voice on the other end, "you know what kind of call this is?", I want to be mad, but the inner pull, the desire to be touched was overwhelming.   So I went, willingly.  He smells of soap and there is a hint of aftershave as he greets me at the door.  He takes my hand and leads me to his upstairs apartment.  I kicked off my shoes and sat on the bed, with intentions to chat for awhile, but he came up behind me and pulled me back on his lap.  We layed there as his hands explored my chest, arousing me, causing quiet mews to escape my lips.  Then, as quick as lightning, he was above me, undoing my dress, pulling off my panties, desperation in his eyes, we both were nude in seconds.  He came to me and he suckled my breasts and slowly kissed down my stomach.  His tongue danced in my belly button and before I knew what was happening he was sucking my clit and I was slammed into my first orgasm.  I grabbed at his shoulders and rammed his face down hard as I belted out a scream and my body shuddered.   He laughed at how easy I was to bring to climax, to which I countered it had been 6 days since he and I had been together. He kissed me deeply, his mouth was heavy with the scent and taste of me and Jack Daniels.  The passion building he kneed my legs apart and dove deep in my wetness, again bringing me to a screaming orgasm, though this time he didn't stop, he lifted my knees, deepening his penetration, in a position that had him hitting my G-spot and I was brought to the point of blackness, unable to see, hearing screams in the distance, air rushing through my lungs, heart beat in my ears.   I don't know when he stopped, I just became aware of him holding my face, asking if I was ok, to which I reply with a laugh,"I am fine, why?"  He nuzzed my neck and said, "Oh, darlin, we can never go to your house, you make to much noise, Damn!"  As we layed there still connected, he talked of how he was angry that I went to a lesbian bar, and squeezed the tight butt cheeks of one of the security guards.   He was jealous.   We actually argued while his hard cock was deep inside me.   Then he calmed and said I was right, he was not my boyfriend, I was not his girlfriend, we are fuck-buddies.   He said he understood.  He then proceeded to get harder.  He slowed his pace, though he became more demanding.  It felt like flames were igniting, the sweat rolling off us, and with one last rush, he was spent.   He held me for a long time, nipping at my neck, and cooing as lovers do.    I really hope he does understand, I would hate to lose what we have just because he fell for me and wants me as his girlfriend.   Cuz I am not ready for that and probably never will.