         Another Wednesday at the "Pitstop", another Bike night.  The usual crowd and then some, when the radio station is giving away keys for your chance to win a Harley, shit yeah! you'll be there.    This time it's   J  that waits for her man, he shows and brings a friend, who I will call "Bud".  Couple minutes of chit-chat and on the bikes we were....Bud thinks he will make me scream and he thinks I will let my skirt flap around my waist, I am feeling challenged......we hit the Huey doing about 90, which is great for a few minutes, but as my cherub cheeks start to flap on the back of my head, I have had enough.  I gave Bud a slight tap on the ribs, now this means slow down, not faster, but faster he goes, so I dig my nails in his ribs with the next tap, since trying to holler to him is useless.  We hit a stop light and I am relieved, I can take a deep breath.  We finally stop and get gas and a drink, my skin tingles so badly that it feels like it's moving, this is not a pleasent feeling, calmed down and the tingling stopped, we head back.  Bud is going a little slower, since I told him I didn't like my face flapping, but still over the speed limit....he banks a curve in the road doing about 30 to 35, the limit is 15, it's a sharp turn and I panicked.  Sorry for leaning against you, but you didn't have to yell at me....just get me back to the "Pitstop", Thank you.  Don't get me wrong, I am up for a fast ride, but when I can't see and the air is not getting into my lungs I feel the panic start to build up.  And then there is fear...I have known fear, I try to avoid situations that I know are fearful and when I find myself in fear, I don't go back and do it again.  Back at the "Pitstop", we were standing there and waiting for the numbers to be called to get a key for the Harley and Bud is calling me "Hun", Hun? Where did that come from?...I am so ready to leave.  J wins a couple door prizes in the end and she, her Harley Man and Bud walk me to my car.   Now this is uncomfortable, I turn and Thank Bud for an exciting evening, and he asks what I am doing on Friday, I am honest with him and tell him I don't know, but don't offer to be with him.  He then tells me to give him a kiss.....I am sorry, I beg your pardon....he notices the hesitation, and he gets a peck on the cheek. I can tell ya, it was not a Love Connection and there won't be a second meeting, at least on purpose.  I am sure he is a great guy, but not my guy....a little to fast, in all ways, for me.  And just so you know....I did not scream and my skirt didn't flap, at least like he wanted.