         It was brought up today that thru life you will always have a "first".  This made me think of my firsts. My first love, who I shared my first kiss with, was who I thought of.  His name was Curtis.  I was around 8 years old and he was about a year older than me.  He and his family, his Mom and Dad, his brother Greg and their dog Tiny lived in the apartment on the corner, diagonal from our apartment. He would walk me home from school, holding my hand and we would giggle all the way. His family and mine were close friends and we would be over each other homes every weekend.  Dinners and card games for the parents and us kids watching TV or playing board games or hide and seek.   I remember his mom and mine discussing wedding plans, to which I found out years later the plans were for Curtis and I.  One day we were all playing hide and seek...Curtis and I, his brother and my two and Curtis pulled me into an alcove.  He grabbed my hand and puckered up.  I leaned in and we pecked lips, as 8 and 9 year olds that is all we knew.  After that we were known around the apartment building as going steady.  A year later Curtis and his family moved away.  I was young and from a military family, this was normal, so no real tears were shed and I got on with my life.  When I was 13, my parents told me that there was a surprise trip.  We drove to Dale City, a few hours from where we were living, and who met me in the driveway?  Curtis.  He was grown and tall and handsome and it was like we had never been separated.  He grabbed my hand and walked me into his house and we went to his room.  We sat there for hours and talked and talked.  We laughed and laughed and if the brothers tried to come in the room we would both yell for them to get out.  I heard my mom call my name and I knew it was time for us to go.  Curtis hollered down that I would be there in a few.  He put on the Boston album and he leaned over and he kissed me. I felt his tongue against my lips and I opened.  He explored my mouth and to be honest it was gross.  I had never kissed a boy like that before.   But also, when we parted and I wiped the wet off my chin and I looked into his eyes, I knew he was my love.  We saw each other a few more times after that, but as we grew up, we knew that it would never work.  We lived too far apart. His kisses did get better and my love for him grew.   I hope he grew into a fine man.  Today I know him as my first love......hmmmm, ain't love grand!