         Ohhh, what a day!  My day started with a talk on the phone with my new man. (New man will from now on be known as R.) R was supposed to call me yesterday eve, but I didn't get a call.  Earlier in the day I had told him, that if he and I could not get together I would probably end up at Rainbow.  R was pleased that I had alternative plans and told me that if I did, to have fun for him as well.  And as was told in my previous post the only one that could have possibly scored was   W .  Hurumph!!!! Anyway, R started off with an apology.  Apparently he became ill and ended up at his mothers last night, and I guess I don't have to go into details.  He is still feeling yucky, but went to work anyhow and self prescribed old antibiotics. (Fabulous!)  We bantered about when we would see each other again...but ended up I told him when he was feeling better. I was supposed to be going to a birthday party/house warming/get together/total mayhem, get drunk kind of party tonight and needed to shop still too, but my brother begged for a sitter for my 5 year old niece and I whimped out.  So, Caroline and I went shopping together, I tell ya, the girl can pick out panties in "Fredericks".  We hit the mall, Macy's, Fredericks, The Lagniappe Shop(Means "A little extra"), The Disney store, I said NO to The Hello Kitty store, then we went to Wally world, Pier One and K-Mart.  I was pleased with my finds, including a glass human, actual sized head.   That's right, I am the proud owner of a glass head.  Don't ask, it is just too cool! Hunger overwhelmed us, so we stopped at the Burger King and after 2 bites of her burger, Miss Caroline was asleep in the back seat of my car as I sped through the outskirts of the French Quarter, totally lost, on the phone trying to find my destination.   Whew, take a breath! We get to   Car's  and I have gifts in hand and what happens.  My niece steals the show.  She is blabbering like a person on speed(that's what a 20 minute power nap will do) and following Car and   Jenn  around like a little shadow.  I was so happy Caroline wasn't a total pest and she seemed to be having a good time.  We helped a bit with the decorating and then bid our good-bye's.  Caroline went up to Car and gave her a big hug and a big kiss on the cheek and then did the same to Jenn.  This totally amazed me, the child has to be bribed to hug and kiss Nana and Papa.  I guess they really impressed the child, go figure! We were on our way home and just before the Bonnebell exit was a massive wreck.  Glass, metal, fiberglass, chunks of engine parts littered three lanes of highway.  We were about 10 cars behind when the accident happened, so we actually witnessed the drivers getting out of their cars.  No blood, no bodily injuries that were visible, but the SUV was totaled and the sedan....at least I think it was a sedan? was, well...there wasn't a passenger side left.  Me and Caroline gawk at the sight, both of us saying "Cool" at the same time. We went to the park after we got home, did the tetter-totter....don't laugh, it was fun! All in all, we had a really good time, even though I gave up the party tonight.  Caroline is a cool kid to hang out with once in awhile.  Later....8:45 pm, I picked up my son from the airport.  My son has moved to Louisiana, Yey! Mom and Dad stopped by to say hello to him, nag him about having a beard and all those other grandparenty things and left about 10.  Son and I then went to a local pool hall and played a few games.  I lost 3, he lost 4...hmmmmm, Mom still has it!  More tomorrow, I am beat...I wonder why?