         It could be my personality. Or it could be I just know how to pick'em.  Stalker's, weirdo's and moron's.  If I can't find them, they find me.  Recently, it's Mr. Fix-it.  For someone that runs his own business, been thru two marriages and is the father of 4 children and a grandpapa of one that I know of, he is a really stupid man.  On Tuesday I told him that I did not want to see him anymore.(See Tuesdays post) Well, Wednesday morning at 5:21 am he called and left a voice message, "This is your wake up call".  Very strange I thought, a little late, I am thinkin, he is trying to get me back....I will ignore him. Wednesday night, I am out with friends....I left my phone in my car.  I get in my car later and see I have 2 missed calls and a voice message, From him.  Geez!  He wants to know what I am doing that night.  WTF! Thursday 5:02 am, I get another voice message, around 6 am I have a missed call.  By the time I left work, I had 3 more missed calls.  OK!  I have had it, is he stupid?  I call him up, I am pissed.  "Dude, what is your problem?" I ask him.  He is like all sweet and says, "Oh, how was your day?"   But then it turns into him asking where I have been, why haven't I returned his calls, who have I been hanging out with. I flat out said, "Well, first it's none of your business where I have been, but if you really want to know.  I have been hanging out in bars picking up young bucks, going back to their place and fucking their brains out!" He got all pissy, but then he thought I was joking and laughed.   Hey, I tried to be honest, it was actually only one bar and only one buck and his brains were gone before I even got there...so I was partly honest. Anyway....Mr. Fix-it asked if I didn't want to see him again.  I told him, that I didn't/don't want to see him.  That I am not his little hide-away girlfriend and to leave me alone. Get this....before I hung up he said, "Call me later"....call him later, yeah right, weirdo!  Why do I always find them?  Dang! I can say at least he wasn't the worst...and I have had worse.  The Mortician, who after 3 weeks, whispered to my (or what he thought was) sleeping ear "I Love You".  I waited till he was asleep and rolled away from me, then I ran out of the house nekkid.  He called for months, crying, whining, begging....demanding I was his "Soulmate".  I was a little freaked, but glad he didn't know where I lived.  The last time I heard from him was the weekend I went to Atlanta and Mr. Atlanta answered my phone for me.  My ex-fiance' B, he still can't shop at Sav-a-Center because it has too many memories of us.  Our break up was almost a year ago and he broke up with me.  The man-boy still calls my mother to see how I am doing and if I am ready to go back to him.    The Doctor, the one I followed to Iowa, I thought it was going to be this fabulous fresh start and be able to live the dream in the heart of the country.  After 3 months, I day-dreamed of walking into the woods and to never be found again.  I left him and moved to New Orleans.  10 days later he showed up at my mothers house on his knees, with a dozen red roses and a diamond engagement ring.  I almost said yes, but he started talking about how he was fixing up  his  house, starting  his  new company,  his  money and how I would pay rent and I would keep house and I would take care of him.  Ohhhh, thanks but no thanks.    The merchant Marine, after three weeks told his family I had said yes.  I was invited to dessert one evening and was floored by the question, "So, did you set a date yet?"  I found out later that he was going to buy me a house and he had inquired to doctors how a tubule reversal surgery worked and what the percentage would be for he and I to have a child.  I blew up at him.  He called and wrote for weeks.  Finally after a threat of a restraining order he stopped.  And there are more, so many they give me a headache.  Ughhh!  It really must be me, I am a magnet!