         Today should be a day of celebration. The rebirth of the moon last night after the eclipse, my reawareness of my inner and outer beauty, my strength that all say I have, and my fast approaching 1000th hit in just over two months.  Last nights eclipse was a sight to behold.  I stood outside and watched as the moon disappeared behind a shadow.  It wasn't the first time I had seen a Lunar eclipse, but that doesn't take away any of the awe.  It sort of puts it all in perspective.  And gives you pause as to what is real beauty. In the eye of the beholder, beauty is different to us all.  I have been fed lines that I am beautiful, only to be ignored, used, and even suffocated to the point of hatred.  This last week has had all three of those.   I am suffocated by Mr. Fix-it.  I can't even take his calls anymore, he repulses me.  I don't have the heart to tell him to go, maybe he will get the hint after awhile, but maybe not....it seems the more I ignore him, the more persistent he gets, go figure. And this week....I was used, then I used him too....But, hey....for a second I thought, and I think that was my mistake.  I thought there was something, cuz you don't call someone out of the blue, after you have moved away and beg to get together.  Would I have done it anyway, yeah , sure....he is a fireman after all.... Then there is ignored, that is the worst.....this happens more than all the rest.  You talk for weeks and the talks are intimate(not sexually, emotionally), there are promises made, and you get hope...and you feel special and beautiful and cared for, and then it's a day and then two days and 5 days and you don't hear from him, and you wonder what you did, which was probably nothing, it was just a game and you fell for it.  That emotional game and you lost.  And you don't feel so beautiful anymore. The game that picks at your strength and you feel vulnerable and alone and worst of all, worthless.  Yeah, nice game...... All in all, am I strong?  Sure, I am gonna dust myself off and jump back in, cuz that's what you do.  It's either that or curl up in a ball and watch chick flicks all night and sip chardonnay and go thru a box of Kleenex. Yeah, I am strong alright...  Happy 1000th hit!