            My attempt at a little humor, passion and biting commentary.....hmmm, Passion?  Biting? Yeah, Baby!!.....  1.  What good did you do in the world today?  I have not come up with the solution for abolishing poverty, starvation, or war, but....I made someone smile today.  Smiles make the world a happy place.  2.  What fashion trend are you glad that's gone away? Or what trend are you waiting to go away?    The blue swipe of eyeshadow above the eyes.  Ohhh that was gross.  And glitter, glitter everywhere, on the back, on the boobs, on the face, in the hair, ohhh  so glad it's gone. What, what did you say?  It's not gone? Who, what, where?  Ohhh, that's ok, they are from either Johnston, R.I. or Chalmette, LA.  Heheheeee!  3.  What's your greatest sports moment, your own or one you've witnessed?  My greatest sports moment.....It has to be when I played softball.  Ohhh, it was quite a few years ago.  Anyway, we were in the finals and needed to win this game.  I was in left field (I know, they put me there, I am not a great player, but I have fun, ok).  It was the 9th inning, we were ahead by 1. Well, guess what....there was a pop up, and it was heading my way.  I positioned myself under the ball, I saw it coming, I had my glove up and I was ready.  It was like floating and I could hear my teammates yelling for me to catch it.  I glanced up and the lights blinded me, I lost the ball and I moved my glove to try and find it.  Well I found it alright, square in the middle of my forehead.  I remember looking up and I couldn't figure out why I was feeling damp on my back.  I was flat on my back in the grass.  Though I did suffered a knot in the middle of my forehead, and somehow a black eye, we came thru and won the game. As you can tell, I am ready for the pros.  4.  Who would you nominate for the most annoying person award?  This list may be long, there are so many to choose from and I vote that they are placed on an island far, far away....cuz they bug the crap out of me! Kid Kradic in the morning-he is a radio jockey out of Baton Rouge, he is irritating and I don't listen to him anymore. Brittany Spears-Talk about dirty, skank, nasty! I am not yet a woman, bullshit.  Pull up your pants you slut! That guy on Trading Spaces Family-Who is he? He is not funny, he is lame. Get off the show, you bug me! That jerk that tried to run me off the road yesterday....you better have insurance asswipe! People that whine about something and don't do anything to change it...Shut up! and lastly, but not the lowest on my list....all you idiots that bitch about our country and how awful it is to live here....You know what, LEAVE!  We don't need you!  5.  What do you do to get yourself ready to write? Either blogging or other writing?   I masturbate! Yup! Relieves all that tension, makes me feel wonderful.  Helps me spew the afterglow!  6.  Mac or PC or Linux? Why?  PC...why?  It's free!  My brother-in-law helped me build mine and he gave me all the parts.  Free! Free! If you want to give me a free Mac, shit, I'll take that too. Free!