         Warning!  The following post may be offensive to some people.  Read at your own risk.   Mr. Fireman met me at my house about 1.  I was so nervous my palms were sweaty and I couldn't keep still. He asked me to sit next to him.  All, I could see were his hazel/brown eyes and his thick lips.  He looked huge on my little couch, his long legs stretched out.  His big hand on my knee, his big feet casually crossed at the ankle.  He was talking, I am not sure what about, and I was thinking about the first time I met him.  How I am amazed he called me when he came to town this time.  Most of all, I was thinking of how good looking he is. Then he turned to me and kissed me, I was shaking and he asked if I was alright.   Ohhh, was I more than alright. I laughed and wrapped my arms around his neck.  We sat there kissing for the longest time, each one deeper than the previous.  He then stood up and took his shirt off. The sight was stupendous.  Muscled chest, taunt nipples, dark curls across his chest, narrowing down his belly and disappearing in a point down his pants.  He has two tattoos, one arm he has a Fire Department symbol, and the other arm he has a black panther.  I reached and touched, fascinated. I grabbed his hand and lead him out of the livingroom and to my room.  He finished undressing in front of me.  No words are spoken but he knew to lay down beside me so I can look.  He has two more tattoos, both on his calves.  One side is Fire department the other a Panther in the forest.  All have nice coloring and they accentuate his very muscular legs.   The man is built very well.  Even his manhood is impressive.  He is hung like a ...Yey!  Thick and wonderful. He slowly undressed me, and trailed kisses where clothes once were.  His hands were everywhere. He positioned himself over me and kissed me.  I felt him wanting to enter.  I was not sure what he is doing because he is kissing me deeper and I felt a slight push, I wanted him inside me.  I was feeling desperate and I was pushing against him.  He mumbled wait and then I know why.   He then impaled me with himself.   My tightness unfolded him, he groaned loudly in my ear and I was full.   Stretched and full, feeling his warmth everywhere.   His size was more than I expected.   The sensations were overwhelming and I was out of control.  He groaned again claiming if I didn't stop a second he would not be able to hold it together. I felt him grow larger inside me and I shifted, causing myself to spasm which was his undoing.  He screamed out my name as he himself spasmed.   The climax was explosive. When all quivers subsided, he leaned up, he kissed my mouth and then he asked if I was ok. Better than ok, I told him....yup better than ok. Talk about a smolder to inferno in 2.3 seconds.