         It was my birthday.  December 27th.  Thank you who remembered, and thank you for your generosity. I had a wonderful day and night, which started with Nancy and Stew and son, Friday night and led to a very, very memorable day and to now.  Mom, Sister and Sister-in-law took me to lunch at P. J. Chang's.   We gorged ourselves on Chinese and pretended we knew how to use chopsticks.  I was gifted with a beautiful purse, with a purse, with a purse(yes, three purses in one) that are all adorned with cute little kitties.  Enclosed was a fabulous color of nail polish, purple, to be applied at a future date.  Mom also included a digi-cam...spy-tech type key chain.  Yes, I now have a keychain digital camera.  As soon as I can figure out how to save the pic's I take, watch out when I bring my keys...heheheheheeeee! Sister-in-law gave me a beautiful necklace and earring set, I look like a princess. Sister, was overly observant about who I have chosen as my future "ex" husband and I am now the proud owner of the newest Toby Keith CD(Ohhh, he is so hot!!).  After gifts were opened and food eaten, Mom said we needed to go to the mall.  Ok, shopping, I am game.  We wandered around, not a store we went into and I ask, "Hey, what are we looking for?" and the next thing I know I was in the "Make a Bear Store".  Mom had planned for me to make a bear. Ohhh, and I did.  I picked out a bear, I held his heart, I rubbed it, I kissed it and I stuffed it.  I have a new bear, and he is beautiful.  He even has a birth certificate.  My baby bear.  And I named him. Welcome to my family, Shaggy Doo.  He is soooo cute...he is wearing gray boxers.  Heeehehheeeeee!  My evening/night plan was that I was to sing.  So after all was done with family I headed to the pub, I called appropriate people to watch and listen and did I sing. I did, and it was fabulous.  I got the heart filling ego boasting appreciation I needed and I loved it.  I know if I hit the key right, I can sing.  The microphone belongs in my hand. As the evening got late, like 2 in the morning.  My friends left and a dude I have sung with before requested we sing again.  Together.  "Picture".  Cheryl Crow and Kid Rock.  Ok, I did it, and they applauded.  And I smiled, and he smiled and then he kissed me.  And ya know what, it was nice.  Happy Birthday to me.