         I told ya I was a softy and it has nothing to do with my pleasently, plump, womanly figure!  The phone calls started about 11:45 am, from who you ask....hmmm, see "talk to the hand" below.....so, he calls, my work phone, I have to answer it.  He is asking me how I am doing, telling me about his mess of a life, and apologizing profusely for being a "Dick"(Ok, this we agree on).  This went on all afternoon, he must have called me 10 times, and each time he called he asked me out.   Finally, I told him that I had to get back to work and I would be at the "Pati" at 6:30.  I left work at 5:30 and I got three more calls on the way home, I was starting to get pissed, so I didn't answer them.  Did my thing at home, and checked my messages....totally blew me away that he was already there (he always stood me up, did he find a conscience?). I walked into the "Pati" and he is sitting there, he is all smug and with a grin said to me that he thought I would stand him up (It had crossed my mind). After about an hour of talking, I asked him if he wanted to come by and watch a movie or something, he accepted and we headed to my place.   All was good, the two of us cuddled up watching TV and it felt real good, a hug does wonders I tell ya.  One thing lead to another and we were rolling around like kids, it was nice, really nice and fun too.  This went on for a couple hours and after talking and cuddling, I needed to get some sleep, so I snuggle up and ask him to stay, which he accepted (you can believe me or not, your choice, but there had been no completed acts of sex).  After a few minutes, he jumps up and starts to go nuts, yelling, freaking and then I know.  He couldn't complete anything, because he is drugged.  I finally get him calmed down, I am actually sitting on him, and I ask him what he took.  Denial spews out of his mouth, but he finally confesses, a couple of these, a couple of those, probably a dozon or so different pills over the day, but swears he didn't bring any to my house and has not had any since he met up with me, well of course, he is coming down.   This doesn't really blow me away, I am not really shocked, I am sitting there and it's "Wow" I picked the wrong one again.  Then I think, we can fix this....so I ask him.....you have a choice, me or the pills?  I will stand by you, I will hold your hand, I will wipe your brow....stop taking pills.  And he says "No", that he can't....which means I can't and I asked him to leave.  It's really too bad, he was cute.