         Yesterday morning at work we had our Tacky gift exchange.    Carlene  was crafty and made me a "Leroy" shirt.  This is a "wife beater" (A-style T-shirt) with a patch on the front proudly displaying "my name is Leroy".    Jenn  on the same theme as Carlene, presented me with a Burgundy colored, leathery feely, coin purse which has in pink a letter L on the front.  Jenn altered it to read "Leroy" in rhinestones.  I swear it's a beautiful thing and since the coin section of my wallet has a broken zipper, I will proudly use it.    W  bestowed upon me gifts that represent a weakness of mine.  He gave me a Fireman's Hat, two little Firetrucks and a pack of batteries.  He is a man after my heart, he spoils me so.  And last but not least   K , (who feels he doesn't have an exciting enough life to share with us....Boy we want your drama!)brought in the most delicious cake to celebrate my birthday(the 27th) and delivered us our caffeine fixes for the next week or two with gift cards from Starbucks.  All was fabulous.   I, in exchange, delivered upon them gifts that took lots of thought and craftiness.  I slaved over a hot stove making my batch of Amaretto, pouring each into a beautiful colored bottle.  I also painstakingly sewed and glued fabulously tacky Christmas stockings for each.    Carlene's  had flowers and a garter,   Jenn's  was adorned with pearls and pink ballerina fairies,   W's  had Christmas packages and candy canes and   K's  was adorable with the multicolored festive bows on it. Also, they were each presented with a store bought gift.    Carlene  is now the owner of a pair of bedroom stilettos, properly topped with feathers.    Jenn  was gifted with her very own vibrating-all-over-body-massaging stuffed pink pig,   W  was graced with a black and white striped tie, to which he said was cool at   Hot Topic  while on a shopping expedition with me, and   K  received a Christmas theme throw, with a weaved picture of a church and snow. After being caked out and properly gifted we headed to   Zea's  for luncheon and dined on fabulous food.  Nothing like a Panini to make the tummy better.   All in all, I had a great time.  Laughed alot, laughed till tears stung my eyes.  It's good to have friends.  And ya know what, I am proud to say they are my friends.  Merry Christmas everybody!!! And may yours be as tacky as ours!