         On my way home today....wait....as J was taking me home today, we chatted about men, dating and the mishaps of our lives.  I thanked her for the ride(at least I think I did) and as I walked into my house I remembered something that had happened to me a few years ago.  It was Christmas of 1999, my first holiday alone, ever.  My soon to be ex-husband had already moved out, my children were at their dad's and I was in front of the computer goofing off. This person said hello in an IM and being the gullible, lonely heart that I was at the time, we started to chat. He described himself as 6' tall, 200 pounds, dark hair and eyes.  He said he was Italian and he considered himself handsome.  He didn't have a picture on the computer to send me, which was ok, we were just talking.  We talked for a few hours and more the next day and the next.  On the 3rd day I gave him my phone number and we talked on the phone.  He called me every day for several days.  Then he asked if we could meet and have a drink. *Remember, lonely heart here. I said yes and chose a place I knew and where there were people I knew. I told him to meet me there at 7pm on the next day. I got there early and ordered a Tonic with lime and sat at a table.  I waited and waited and finally this man walk in.  He was dark and handsome and he walked up to the bar.  I had hopes that that would be him, but he walked to another woman at the bar and sat down.  As disappointment washed over me another man walked in. When I saw him, I prayed like I never had that it wasn't him.  Bummer it was. Now I am not the perfect form of a woman, but when I describe myself I am very honest.  This man was too, but he forgot to tell me a few things.   First, that the bulk of his 200 pounds was in his ass. Second, that he was, ummmm, rough.  As in several facial scars.  He had what looked like a knife scar from his ear to his chin.(sorry, it's not that I can't look past it, it's just not for me) and third, he had the shakes.(like withdrawal's) Now, I smiled, I said hello, I was polite.  I even gave him the benefit of my doubt and told myself to sit and talk to him. As we sat, every other sentence he would ask me if I wanted a drink, to which I declined.  Then he grabbed my hand and started to pet it.  He very slowly started to trace the fine bones on the back of my hand and it was starting to freak me out.  I pulled back and he put his hand in his pocket as he leaned back.  I heard a crinkling sound and looked down. Believe it...I saw the outline of condoms, yes, more than one. I put my hand over my mouth and coughed, because I almost laughed and then I very calmly said, "ya know, I really don't think this was a good idea, I don't find you attractive and I most definitely am not going to sleep with you." He looked shocked and then he started to cry. Yes, he cried, real tears. He told me that we were perfect for each other and that I was his soulmate, he then practically climbed into my lap. I got him calmed down and then explained to him I had told my children I wouldn't be late and I had to go.  He asked to walk me to my car and I probably should have been rude but I said ok and told him I would be back after I went to the ladies room. In the ladies room I paced back and forth, I knew I had to get out.  I peeked out the door but he was sitting there and could see if I tried to sneak out, so I ran over to the window.  It was one of those crank out windows, very tall and narrow.  I knew if I tried to climb out, I would get stuck and wouldn't that be a mess. So, I had no real choice.  I left the bathroom and he got up and walked me to the door.  To my luck there were a couple people leaving too so they were in the lot as well, so I felt a little safer. We got to my car and he asked me for a hug, but before I could say anything I found myself in a bear hug.  He was smelling my hair and moaning in my ear as I peeled him off me.  Once free I jumped in my car and sped away as fast as I could. By the time I got back into my hometown I was laughing to myself at how crazy this man was.  I ended up back at work(I was the office manager for a liquor store) and I filled in my crew the details of my wonderful date. Thank goodness for Ali, she was my best friend there, she took me out and we toasted for several hours to how stupid blind dates are.