           Carlene  posted today about getting away Thelma and Louise style.  She fantasies about getting in her car and heading West, but she has responsibilities and she thinks she should "let go of her fantasy".  Let go, Hell no.  I have this fantasy as well, I have had the bright side and the dark side of it.  The bright side: Feeling light as air.  Laughing.  Speeding down the road with a map on the passenger seat and the radio blasting your favorite CD.  Stopping when you want, going when you want.  Taking loads of pictures as you go.  Tasting, smelling, seeing as much as you can until exhaustion takes over. I do this sometimes, yes it is on a timetable, I too have responsibilities.  I take a day and head where ever my car leads me.  I have a full tank of gas, a couple bottles of water and all my CD's.  The windows are down, the music is blasting and when I think I am lost, I pull over and look at the map.  I have driven to Biloxi, Kiln, La Rose and Baton Rouge so far....why? Because I can, that's why!  I can't have my full fantasy, yet....but I can have tastes of it.   If I don't let myself have it, then I could go back to having the dark fantasies.  What's a dark fantasy?  A dark fantasy is when you say yes to moving to Iowa.  You are promised there are jobs out there.  You are promised that a beautiful home will be found and you will be happy. Instead, you get what happened to me. I went and I searched for work.  I couldn't get a job because we didn't have a home to live in(we lived in a hotel) and we couldn't get a home to live in because we didn't have a job.  It didn't matter that we could pay a years rent up front, so we stayed in the hotel. We ate at restaurants for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I ate alot.  I put on 40 pounds.  I didn't want to get out of bed.  It had been 4 months and I was miserable.   One day we were on the highway and I was gazing out the window.  The leaves were gone from the trees, the grass was brown, it was cold out.  I started to fantasize about running.  I saw myself scream at him and jump out of the car.  I ran and ran, into the woods.  I saw myself cold and lost in the woods, but I felt warm and I felt free.  Free, really free and I liked it.  After visualizing this for awhile I turned to him and looked at his hand holding mine, I released his hand and in a quiet voice I said, "I have to leave", he asked if I would come back and when I said no, he nodded his head.    I don't have the dark fantasies anymore.  Just the ones that make me feel giddy, and they aren't always about driving a car either. I figure the more fantasies you have the happier you can be, just don't forget to pay the electric bill.