         This next week better be more enjoyable than last.  I didn't get any make-up sex...I didn't get any sex at all, no cuddling, no snuggles, no whispers of sweet nothings in the ear.  I slept alone(except for two cats hogging the bed), cold, and restless.  Saturday I went to see R at his detail, we walked around, drank coffee and talked.  He was very considerate and he seemed happy to see me and anxious about getting together later.  He walked me to my car, gave me a little sugar and told me he would call me when he was done.  I headed to Rainbows to see some friends and called J to see where she was.  She didn't answer and when I got to Rainbows I was met with a surprise.  Apparently Sabrina and Cass broke up.  Cass now has a boyfriend and Sabrina has a new Lady.  The new lady made me uncomfortable, she kept staring like I was a threat to her.  I thought to myself, "Lady, it isn't Sabrina that I am attracted to, it is Cass".  I left after a few minutes and headed to the Pub. I watched the rest of the LSU game and then Karaoke started up.  I called R and told him where I was and he told me to have fun and would call me when he was heading my way. Well, at about 1/4 after 1 I was heading home and I hadn't gotten a call, so I called him.  His phone went immediately to voice mail.  I was so mad, I tossed my phone to the passenger seat and sped home.   No missed call, no message, he did it again!  I went to bed angry and was even more so when I woke up.  I turned on the computer and it was like R was waiting for me.  I had an IM before I finished loading up.  He claimed he tried to call, but I must have been on stage cuz no one answered.  I asked him if he left a message and he said that the voice mail never picked up.  I told him he must have called someone else, cuz he didn't call me. 1st: after I called him and told him where I was, I never went back on stage, I sat at the table the rest of the time there and my phone was right in front of me. 2nd: My phone has never messed up so that I missed a call, never!  He told me that I had to "Trust" him.  I didn't respond to the trust plea, but told him that he better show Sunday night or there would be hell to pay.  Guess what.......I slept alone last night too.  No call, no show, no email, no nothing!  Ya know what the kicker is....he lives 5 blocks from me, I thought of him this morning and had to restrain myself from calling him.  As I was driving up my street, I saw him back out of his driveway and head the opposite way.  If he had thought of me, he would have called.  He didn't. He didn't!  I should have analyzed my iggy feeling last week, I believe another just bit the dust!