         I am not really a pursuer.  If you call, great. If you don't, well sweetie, there are other's out there that would like some of my time.  I wasn't always like this, there was a time in my life that I needed constant reassurance that a relationship was still good and strong.  That time seems so long ago, a lifetime ago, another person actually.  Since the break up of my second marriage in 99, I really have been a lost soul.  Experimenting in alternative lifestyles, enjoying it to the point of addiction and feeling more lost when I left it.  There were relationships along the way, some good, some not so good.  But they always ended one way or the other. I usually reference them at the stalkers and the scaredy-cats.  The stalker way would be, I would settle for the guy(meaning: if I was a little skinnier, a little prettier he wouldn't have a snowballs chance in hell).  I would hit a dry spell so to speak and be in need of a little tender care.  The man would be willing, but most times be really bad in the sack.  I would either end up the chick he called at 10 o'clock for a quickie or he would be inviting me over to meet the family, so they could meet the future wife(happened more than once and within 3 weeks of first date).  The ending result would be that I would walk(RUN!) away, realize I had settled, and move on.  He, on the other hand, would either take the hint and leave me alone or become the next stalker on my list.  The scaredy-cat way would be that we would go out once and I would never hear from him again.  This would be confusing because we would have had a great time together, we would even set up a next date.  Then no call, no show.  Me, never having had a chance to find out if I was settling, my feelings hurt for a few days and then life goes on.  I never call them, I never initiate contact, I don't walk up to some strange man and introduce myself, they always find me.  Until I met "The Daiquiri Dude".   The first time I saw him was at the Irish/Italian parade.  He was working the shop and I ordered a Daiquiri.  I took one look at him and my heart slammed in my chest.  I couldn't talk.  I know I acted like a total idiot.  Later that day, my friend Nancy talked me into going back over and talking to him.  Eventually I did and we sat there for 4 hours and chatted.  It was refreshing to find a man that just talked to me. We exchanged numbers and a couple days later he called me.  We talked on the phone for hours and hours.  The next week he invited me over his house and we watched a movie, I don't remember the title, but I do remember it was a movie about salsa dancing. The next 3 months were amazing, he taught me things about myself, he made me feel beautiful, he healed my heart.  That last night we were together, I knew it was the last.  He was gentle and loving and he held me all night.  In the morning, I hugged him and told him when he figured out what he wanted to give me a call.....that was 6 months ago.  He never called.  And though I had fallen for him, I never called him either.  Instead I walked away and I gave away a wonderful man.  Where did all this come from....these thoughts...I haven't heard from R in 2 days via IM, 6 days via phone, and 8 days in person and I am too stubborn to call him.