         It's was Friday night and I went to the Pub for Pizza and Pool with the girls.  The youngest of the "Three Musketeers" called in sick, so Angel and I were left to entertain each other.  Pub pizza consumed and Angel kicking my butt in pool 6 times in a row, I was in the mood to go dancing.  We cruised to Legends and it was the usual 40 something crowd, with the usual skimpily dressed bimbos, with the fake boobs and smelly perfume on the dance floor.   Angel and I were having a grand ol' time, laughing at the moves, when she got asked to dance.  She refused and told him to ask me, well hell why not.  We were on the dance floor swaying to the music when the next thing I knew he had me in a vice grip and his hand is on my ass.  Hold on Studdly, could I get your name first, whoa!  The dance is over and I thanked him and walked back to where Angel was and the guy came up behind us, a hand on Angels ass and his "ummm, something" grinding on mine.  He offered to buy us a drink and I looked over at Angel and refused, but thanked him anyway.  With that, I guess he went back to his friends, all I know for sure was that we left.  Enough was enough.  Question, did I miss the day in class when they taught you men that it is ok to rub your hard "Peter" on a girl after one dance?  Advice...It's not ok....unless she is rubbing on you.  So, we head back to the Pub for one more and when we get there, we are welcomed by a really good band.  Good tunes, not too bad to look at, ok one of them wasn't that hard on the eyes.  After their set was over we talked music and all that good stuff (I was in a band a long time ago, and I can carry a tune when I set my mind to it), Jeff the lead guitarist and singer gave me a magazine with their schedule and I told them I would see them tonight (Saturday).  Now for a Friday night, just me and Angel out, no goal to hook up, just hangin and having fun, we accomplished this and proud to say it was a blast.  Check out the Band,   Jeff Guitar Nelson   PS: I finally did win a game at pool too, against Jason (The 22 year old cutie), and I still had six balls on the table, I am so Awesome!