         It's noon on Sunday and I sit on my bed in my jammies and ponder the weekend as it was so far.  Friday I ended up at the Den, Cel was there as well at Carm and her beau and a few new people and then of course JB eventually showed up.  I was sitting between JB and Cel, it is so nice to have the attention of two men, as cocky as they try to be.   At 9 the replacement bartender showed up.  She was cute, with her blonde hair, red lips and J-Lo butt.  I soon turned into chopped liver, as the guys turned their attention on to her.   Fine no big deal, I knew they weren't going to get anywhere with her.  But they tried and it was funny to watch. Then, I almost pissed my pants when around 2 in the morning she turned her attention on to me.  I guess you had to be there, anyway Cel left and gave me a peck good-bye and soon after JB walked me to my car and was rewarded with a hug and a peck good-bye too. I will see them all again in a few weeks, but for her...I do have her number {wicked evil grin}.  Saturday arrived with a splitting hangover but I did hook up with Nancy and her Boy Jason and a friend of theirs Steve.  When I first walked in, I thought for sure it was a hook-up.  I let Nancy know I was not interested, which made her laugh.   Oops, my bad, not a hook-up. So we started to play and while we were playing I kept having this weird feeling that someone was watching me, so I looked around and this man...yes man, old man, like in his 60's and wrinkly old....was staring at me.  Well Nancy noticed too and she pulled me aside and said, "Hey that dude keeps checking you out."  I told her I noticed and it was creeping me out. Well a few minutes later Nancy went up to get us some cokes and he walked over to her.  I heard her say, "What, No...but she is engaged"  I saw his shoulders slump, but he still kept on staring.  Nancy later told me he asked if I was married. The only thing I could do was roll my eyes, Lordy why do they find me? The man left and as he was walking out the door, which was near us, he was still staring at me and not watching were he was going and the poor guy tripped.  Now I can add that to my resume, I made an old man trip.  Great!  Saturday night ended with me hitting the Pub to sing a few songs, Miss J met me there and soon the place was packed with the wedding party from down the street. Some could sing, some we wished they hadn't. Around midnight, J noticed a cop outside behind my car.  I walked over to the door and watched him touch the trunk of my car and he wrote down something while he stood there.  He then got back in his car and started talking on his phone. I paid my tab and we decided to leave.  When the cop saw I was getting in the car he was blocking he drove forward and let me out.   He did not approach me, he did not follow me, nothing.  Very strange and I still have no idea why he was touching my car.  Though I did get a little tingly about the thought of handcuffs. Hey ya got to think positive right!