         Today, at the office, the subject of that woman that ran over her husband, "several times", came up. I had said that she had cause.  That she should not have had the sentence that she received.  I don't condone her action, I just understand the passion she had at the time. She was a woman scorned.  Her husband flaunted his affair in her face, he took his mistress around town and basically shoved it down her throat that he was being unfaithful to her.   Bottom line....she snapped. Was what she did right...of course not.   Would I do that...No, I am not that way. But have I felt the passion (the passion I think she felt), she displayed.   I believe I have.  My second marriage was a very passionate marriage.  John was my dream man.  He was romantic, considerate and he opened up my inner most secrets and allowed me to explore my intimate desires.   We played the swinging couple and had many adventures.  Some were good, some not so.  He left me several times for the other woman, but he always came back, and the fool I was, I took him back. He was always sorry. Well, the last time he left me, it was different.  He told me he loved me, but he was in love with her.  He didn't want a divorce, but he wanted to marry her.   This left me very confused. I started drinking very heavily.  I was drinking at least a bottle or more of wine a day, sneaking a quick pick-me-up during lunch and when that wasn't enough I would switch to Rum and finish a fifth in a day and a half. One night it was really bad.  I hadn't seen John in over a month and I missed him terribly and it hurt.  I needed to dull the pain.  So I started taking pills with booze.  I had been in a car accident a few months before and I had left over muscle relaxers and I took them.  One at a time, swigging what ever alcohol I had as a chaser.  I don't know how many pills I took, or how much I had to drink, but I eventually called John.  I cried and begged, and then I told him he would hear my last breath on the phone because I was gonna die. I wanted to die.  That's how passionately I loved him.  I was nothing without him. unbeknownst to me he had his girlfriend call the police while we were on the phone. Fortunately I became sick and barfed up the pills. As the police forced themselves into my home, I was being sick in the bathroom. A kind policeman sat with me for a couple hours to make sure I was ok, petting my hand and telling me I was worth something. It was dawn when he left and he turned to me and told me something, he told me I was a beautiful person and John was the loser in the end.  And with a nod I knew he was right. Was I like that woman, yes in a way....Fortunately someone helped me.