         My computer is on a lot.  At work, of course because that is what I work thru and at home, well because I like it.  So this is the reason I am online all the time.  When the computer is on, so is Yahoo, MSN and AOL.  Not that I am chatting all the time, they automatically log-on when I turn on my computer and I like it that way.    Now because of this, I have to say, I get alot of unsolicited hellos from many different people.  Some are people I know and have given my screen name to and some are searchers.   Searchers are people that go into the profile directory and check out who is online.  I do believe they come across people that are online and they think that because you are online you are as bored or lonely as they are.  Guess what dudes, not always so.  I may be bored and lonely at times, but I don't do searches and act pathetic and beg for attention. The following are a few examples of things said to me while I have been online and most times I am at work and working.  I will also share my first thought(tho not what I responded with) after reading the offensive pop-up instant message.  Most times these are how they thought to start the conversation....what were they thinking?   He said:  I am a LICKER.  Does that turn you on?  First thought:  As I read it, my eyes bulged and I had a flash of a dog licking my face.  Then I tried to imagine the lapping sound and if it was a turn on.  Then I saw the dog in my head again.  I thought I was gonna hurl.  Not into beastiality, have no idea why I thought of a dog, but I did and I was grossed out.   I responded with a "NO!" and blocked him from IMing me again.  Gawd, what a freak.   He said:  I am 6' and 120.  First thought:  I envisioned a sapling being whipped around by the wind and then I tried to see us standing next to each other.  If he stood behind me, he could hide.  Two of him could fit in my jeans.  I could wrestle him in bed and sever his spinal column by trying to roll over during sex.  I responded with, Dude I am 5'9" and 210, I would break you.  He said he liked BBW's, I then told him to Fuck off.   He said:  23yo, 8inches and ready.  First thought:  I saw the age, I saw the "size"...then I kind of tingled...then I snapped out of it, for cripes sake, my kids are almost his age.  If my son was soliciting older women online I would box his ears.  Sleazy.  I told him I was too old for him.  He was persistent, gave me the I love older women line, blah, blah, blah.  So finally I told him to strip naked and I would be there in 10 minutes.  I haven't heard from him since, I wonder if he is still waiting.   He said:  I am Married and bored.  First thought:  Ohhh geez.  Then I actually said, "well, guess what sweetheart, so is your wife."  Ohhh, and there are more.  Lots of crude and disgusting remarks.  Ones you would never say face to face because you would get your face slapped.  But ya know what?  Keep trying boys, cuz one day you will get what you asked for, yes you will. And again...what were you thinking?  I am a LICKER, yuck...ewwww!