         The weekend flew by.  The parades and working at the VFW helped pass the time I guess.  Friday the Kin from Kiln arrived and the party started.  We ended up keeping the bar open till after 3am. We caught up on news and took lots of pictures(which will be posted on Vixie's Photo Page in the next day or two).  We decided that we wanted to adopt each other, so I drew up an Adoption Certificate and Mom had them(copies for all of us) signed by a Clerk and Judge(also from the Kil'), so now it is official that the crew from the Kil' are our Kin. Saturday Mom and I decided we would stay local instead of watching the Downtown parades.  It was an early night at the VFW(closing at 1am).  We were all wore out from the night before. (Heheheee) Sunday, Mom and I met Son on Julia Street, for dinner at Mulate's and to watch Bacchus.  As usual, dinner was great.  I saw "Bartender", one of the SSDC people, but  he didn't recognize me.  No biggie, I didn't go up to him either.  After dinner Mom and I scoped out our spot in front of the barricade.  Waiting for 3 hours we were finally rewarded with seeing "Frodo", the Bacchus.  He is cute, I will admit.   I ended up getting bumped out of my spot, by a large, handicapped, colored boy, that I believe crapped his diaper.  I was pissed and tired of being stepped on.  So I reached in front of him and said, "Excuse me while I grab my chair you are standing in front of, 5 cent trinkets aren't worth smelling your ass!" So I went into the bar, ordered a drink after flinging my chair and growling out my frustration.  I felt much better after a couple Captain and Ginger's. I went back out, to find the boy gone and my Mom had spread out to save me a spot, so the rest of the parade was uneventful, other than getting pegged by beads, cups and stuffed animals.  We made it home by 12:30, tired and content. Monday I ran into the office real quick and then had to book it back home to make 110 Jell-O shots for the VFW and get ready for the ball. The Ball:  It was wonderful!  Ball Gowns, Tux's, Men in uniforms....Floats, food, Beer, Wine, Dancing, Lights, Confetti, Laughter............... Harry Conick Jr. is a cutie, Brad Paisley, well, Hubba-Hubba...both performed.  It was awesome.  I highly recommend attending one.  Fat Tuesday....I overslept, but made it to the VFW by 10:30am.  I didn't get to see any of the parades, The bar was just so busy. I even had time to be a bad girlie....Over the past week, I have been flirting with this very handsome, rugged man.  The first night he came in he was looking at the selection and I asked him what he would like.  He said he was checking to see what we had and I responded with, "We ain't got any milk".  He cracked up laughing and asked if he looked 12.  I didn't mean it the way it came out, I just didn't want him to order a Sombraro or something, so I laughed and said, "Actually 11".  Ever since then when I saw him come in, I would holler, "Hey, Milk-Boy! Wanta Tall one?"  Anyway, he was there Tuesday, sat in the bar almost all day, talking to me, looking at me with those big brown eyes.  I found out what I needed, he lives in my town, he owns his own company, he has his own car, he lives alone, he isn't married, but he has a girlfriend.  But, he is miserable.  Before he left I told him I would be at the pub on Saturday at 10pm, singing...he said he would see me then.  Hmmmmm....  I ended up leaving around 5 with Janet and we headed down to the 9th.  Gilbert met us and he surprised me with having his ex with him.  I was not pleased, but hey, we aren't BF/GF, so he can do what he wants.  He did get his payback....I had this little Mediterranean boy hitting on me.  Telling me that he loved older woman, how he wanted me to teach him.  It was cool for awhile until he started trying to stick his tongue in my mouth.   Gil didn't like that too much. After I fended off the little boy, another boy stepped in and tried his darnedest.  He had more of a shot, very cute, 30, worked when he wanted(to pay the rent, buy booze or smoke), shoulder length dreads(my mother would have loved that), he smelled good, real good.  But I resisted, I kept reminding myself I hadn't shaved my legs. Later Gil, Janet, Annie(ex) and I went to breakfast.  Gil played footsie with me under the table and after awhile he leaned over and said, "I made a big mistake didn't I?" I said, "Ohhh yeah, Big, Huge!" "HUGE!" He left shaking his head and Janet and I drove home.  I got in at 3am, but to my credit, I got up this morning and made it to work AND worked a full day....   I had to go to work, AGEE's dropped Shadow off at work, I feel much better that he is home.  I miss him, so do the girl's and though he will deny it so does my brother...he told his daughter(Caroline) that Shadow was gone.  She drew me a picture of kitties running, surrounded by heart stickers...she is such a sweet kid.  Fabulous...now that was a great brain dump.  I will try not to go so long with unloading next time.  Happy Hump Day!