         I met up with my friend Janet last night.  I haven't seen her since last July...I know, some friendship. Anyway, we caught up on all our adventures since then.  She isn't working as much, isn't going to school as much and lost her boyfriend to death last month.   She loved Chris very much and was planning a future with him and he was taken from her quickly, because of illness. Though she is doing better, she is now able to talk about it, but she is still very angry.  We eventually lost ourselves to the parade in Metairie and when that was over we cruised down to her haunts in Gentilly and found a bar to listen to some Jazz. Don't ask me where the bar was, I will never find it again.  Don't ask me the name either.  I just know that when we walked in, I was greeted by the most delicious piece of Manly-Eye-Candy I had seen in a long time. Tall. Dark. Broad shoulders. Long Raven Black hair. Long slender fingers. Perfect chin. Perfect nose. Yummmm. I asked Janet who it was and she looked over to see. She laughed and told me "NO!".  She then said to go ahead, just wrap him up real good.  But to be warned, he doesn't have a job, doesn't have a home of his own, doesn't have a car.  He is a bum.  Like that had stopped me before.   I didn't have any designs to pick him up, he was just cute and nice to look at.  Anyway, the night went on, the music was awesome and I met several of Janet's friends.  All nice, all sweet. One in particular to a shine to me and before I knew what was going on, I was in his lap and he was writing his phone number on my hand.   His name was Gil, not married(I even asked Janet), employed, has his own place in Gentilly.  He is warm and round.  Just a cuddly Mexican Teddy-Bear.  We talked, we laughed and at 3 am, we went to breakfast.  He held my hand, he pulled me into his embrace and snuggled with me on the ride home.   Outside his house, he asked me to stay, he said we would go shopping and buy the fixings for him to cook dinner for me.  He said I liked to eat and he liked that.  He said that a girl that isn't afraid to eat is a good girl.  I couldn't stay and I told him so.  He nodded his head and said we would another time. He kissed me and said good-night and he walked to his door.  He said I was a good girl and asked to see me again.  Of course I said yes.  I called him this morning, while I still lounged in bed, groggy from being out till 5:30 in the morning.  He was still in bed too.  He was pleasantly surprised to hear from me.  He actually thought because I didn't stay with him, that I was blowing him off.  He thought I wasn't interested.  I could hear the smile on his face as I reassured him that that was not the case. No that definitely was not the case.