         I worked my ass off today and it was worth a reward,  I went over to the parents house and started my laundry.  I say started, because the dryer died and it took 5 hours to dry one load.  Momma is buying a new dryer tomorrow/today/Sunday, so I will finish the clothes eventually.   Anyway, as the clothes were washing and tumbling in a box with no heat, I worked on my Beetle. I bought a siphon kit, so I could drain the gas tank.  I was thinking the gas was old and maybe that was why it wouldn't accelerate.   Hey, no! No gas came out. I knocked on the tank and it was pretty much empty.  So I put some gas in, and fired her up.  She sputtered and coughed and then she was purring.  A slow rate, but  a purr.  After a few minutes I was smelling gas and she was back-firing really bad, so I opened her rear and "Crap!" I blew the fuel filter.  Gas was everywhere. I turned her off and locked her up and headed to Auto-Zone. Got a new filter and a couple car do-dad's...air freshener, window cleaner, glittery rear-view mirror decor(girlie stuff), then headed back to replace said filter.   I did it, all by my self.  Geez, not like it's a hard thing to do! So, I get it all attached, clamps in place, and I pushed the filter back and.... POW!!! Sparks!!!  I went flying across the driveway! Man, don't try that unless the battery is disconnected, how stupid was I?   Whewww! Ok, got over trying to fry myself and started her up.  She worked, YEY!  But Crap again, she still won't accelerate.   I give up, I don't know what the hell I am doing.  I am just a girl that has a book and a box of tools...Damn!  Mom came out to see what I was doing and coaxed me away to set up the VFW for Mardi Gras.  Sure, I needed the distraction. I ran home and grabbed son and we headed to the VFW. Son got to work putting up the mirrors behind the bar and Mom and I started decorating.  4 hours later the place was beautiful.  I swear, I have never seen it look so good. Mom and I were standing there and at the same time we said, "It looks so good I don't want to go!" You got to come by and see, I am so proud of our handy work.  So then here comes my reward.  I went singing tonight, after all that I had already done today.  I sang well.  I Wowed them. Joey was there too.  He asked how my week was, I said I was busy.  He was cool with that, no asking for explanations as to why I haven't called him.  We sat together, we sang together and we got hit on by a couple together...ok, how cool is that?   We didn't respond to the flirting, Ok...I didn't respond to the flirting, and they soon left and went on their merry way.  They were too young for me and I won't go there with Joey, NO, never! Joey left early, which was fine with me.  I stayed and sang a few more songs.  When I was done, I cozied up to the bar to talk to Lisa and Kim (Bartenders) and this guy comes out of nowhere and starts talking to me. Telling me I have a beautiful voice. He comes to hear me sing. I am beautiful.  Now I am thinking....."Next date??"...Next Stalker?"  And that is my reward....Laugh will ya!