         I have had a fantastically fabulous week.  Get this I went on three dates.  Date one: Was the Super Bowl party with Joey.  Great time, nice guy. He asked me to call him on Monday and I did.  The call started out good and then he was talking weird.  Like relationship stuff.  What are we gonna do about us?  You make me feel good.  I need to see you again. and You are so beautiful.  This is what he is saying to me.  I am a little weirded out about it.  Yes, we had a good time, but he really isn't my type of guy. First, he has an alcohol problem.   Second, he has a drug problem.  I even caught him popping at the party, which pissed me off. and Third, I can't deal with screaming kids while I am talking on the phone.  And his grand-daughter was screaming while I was trying to listen to him.  Then I heard his daughter, the mother of the child, scream...."I don't know what she wants!!" I was bad....I told him I would call him back, and I haven't.  I know I will see him tomorrow at the Pub for singing night, I will think of something nice to say.  Date two: Ray called me on Tuesday.  All apologetic about not calling me back on Saturday.  Plain and simple, he said he forgot.  He asked me to meet him at the Patti that night.  I did and the stinker didn't tell me he was bringing his bike.  I wasn't dressed for a ride, so I sat on it after he asked me to plant my 129 pound rear on it. (Compliment, or he is blind?)   We had a good time, ate some food, talked and he asked to see me on Thursday.  I said that would be cool.  Date three: Met Ray at the Patti for dinner. (His favorite place and my girl, the Spanish Chica was there) We were having conversation and his phone rang.  He answered, mumbled in the phone and hung up.  He said it was his buddy Frank. Well, a few minutes later, Frank shows up as well as a student from his Karate class.   I am thinking, "Ok, this is strange...great block"   After a few minutes, I get up and say good-night.   They all look perplexed.  Yeah whatever! Ray says to me that he will call me on Saturday to go for a ride.  And as I am staring at him(not sure what kind of look he saw, but...) he hems and haws and says, "I will call you tomorrow". I patted him on the shoulder and said, "Well, I won't hold my breath" Frank laughed, Ray didn't.  But he proved me right...my phone didn't ring.  Ok, so the dates themselves weren't fantastically fabulous, but hey, I am back in the game.