         I had a date yesterday.  Yeah, me, a real date.  But I am getting ahead of myself, so I will start from the beginning.  Saturday started out as a nice day, the sun was out and it promised to be warm.  This was perfect, because I had a date to go for a motorcycle ride with Ray.  Well, when I finished with work and I walked outside, it had started to rain.   Bummer for me again. I called Ray, and joked that it wasn't meant to be.  We talked for awhile and I thought he was going to ask me to go out anyway, with out the bike ride. Then he asked if he could call me back because he had a customer come in.  I told him that was ok and I would talk to him later.  I went home and lazed around the house for a few hours and surprise, surprise, no call from Ray.   I was not upset about it, I really didn't care whether he called or not.    I took a shower and dressed to go out, it was Saturday night, Karaoke was a must anyway.  I ended up at the Pub around 9 and as I walked in I was spotted by Joey(My birthday kisser) who was sitting at the bar.  He nodded and I nodded back. We eventually moved to sit next to each other, to talk and to get a little closer to the DJ table.  He sang his songs, I sang mine.  I even sang a few that I had not had the nerve to try before, I surprised myself. A few of Joey's friends showed up, one of them an older woman and they moved in on our table.  I had gotten up to go to the ladies room and when I came back, the older woman was in Joey's lap.  I reached over to get my beer and she jumped up, all apologies that she was moving in on my man.  She kept insisting that we were together and a couple and if we weren't she would make sure we were. I thanked her for her offer, and told her that we were not a couple, or together and if I wanted that, I didn't need her help. They left and soon it was almost 3am and time to go home.  Joey walked me to my car(ummm, truck, cuz I be drivin my brothers big Man Truck).  We stood there for a few minutes and talked, him holding my hand caressing the palm with his thumb.  He pulled me into his arms and I heard him sigh and he whispered in my ear that I was beautiful and I felt his arms encircle me in a warm embrace and his lips capture mine.  I heard myself say that it was time to go, that he had to go and he whispered back that he knew he had to go.  He pulled away and I was chilled with out his warmth.  I felt odd and I turned and jumped in the truck to escape. I watched him walk away and then I pulled out and went home.  The next morning I woke, small head-ache and 30 bucks poorer, but a smile on my face.  And then I rolled over and remembered I had invited Joey to a Super Bowl party that friends from work were having.  I wasn't sure if that was what I wanted to do, I wasn't sure if I could actually go through with it.  It was a date for cripes sake.  So, I called Jenn and asked her her opinion, she told me it would be ok, so then I gathered the courage and I called Joey. He was ready and excited about spending time with me and meeting my friends. I picked him up and we got to the party, I really hate being the first one there, but it seems I always am or at least close too it.  Anyway, we got there and Joey seemed to be comfortable around all these new/strange people.  Though he had a bit of a hangover and his tongue was killing him (that's what he gets for getting it pierced). We both had a really good time, there wasn't any affection, or any private time, but I was comfortable with it.  He was sweet and nice to me, which is the most important thing. He surprised me right about the start of the 4th quarter, he pulled me aside and asked if we could go.  He asked if he could have a little private time, time to talk and just be alone.  So, I said my good-byes and we left. We talked during the drive and he asked me why I was so stand-offish.  I explained I wasn't very good at dating, that it had been a really long time.  That 9 times out of 10 after the first date, the guy usually moves in, or I find out he is married, or that he is a loser, or some kind of freak.  He laughed and told me he was none of those. I even told him that I really wasn't that way, I would never climb all over him, slobber on him like some pathetic girl, no matter how starved for affection I am.  He turned to me and in a surprised voice said, "Really?"  I also told him, if that was what he wanted, he should look elsewhere. He paused for a moment as we pulled in his driveway. He then asked if it was ok to kiss me goodnight.  I said yes and as my eyes were closed I could see flashes of light.  I am thinking, "Wow, fireworks" and I open my eyes to 4 pairs of eyes staring from the carport.  His children were watching, how embarrassing is that? He said goodnight with a groan and climbed out of the truck.  I watched him walk up to the kids, all clamoring for attention.  I could see the words mouthed from the oldest boy, "Who is she?", with that Joey turned back toward me and I saw him smile and he blew me a kiss.