         Ahhhh, what a weekend.  The Ladies Aux had their first annual craft fair on Saturday.  I was the raffle chairperson and bellowed over a microphone for 8 hours giving away fabulous prizes.  Though we made a few mistakes over the day, it was a great success and we all are looking forward to next years event.  After the craft fair, I went to sing.  My fan club was there and it seems I have acquired a new groupie.  My son's buddy, who calls himself Robo, and is the ripe young age of 23 and a Marine, decided it would be a hoot to flirt with me.     Hmmm, 23?   No, he violates my rule, plus his 5'3, 125 pound form couldn't handle me at 5'9" and a plump 200.   Ohhh and he included Jenn in the picture too.  She turned him down also, though he did promise an all night whirl.  The flirting went on for a couple hours and during that time, my son was freaking out.  At one point I thought his head was going to explode from rage.  It was actually pretty funny. At 2 it was time to go home, I still had to make Jell-O shots for the next day, so Son and Robo drove me home.  Robo was sitting in the back seat and got out of the car when we got to my place, he walked in front of me, wrapped his arms around me and gave me a big wet smooch on the cheek.  This made Son start screaming....I guess you had to be there...it was totally hilarious.  Sunday I was back at the VFW by 9:30 AM for the Irish/Italian Parade.  Me and my 90 Jell-O shots.  The bar was packed all day, so I stayed in and helped out my Mom for most of it.  I did get to see my Dad in the parade and spent , maybe 45 minutes outside.  It was beautiful, warm, slight breeze, sun shining.  Anyway, after a little while I felt hot and like I was burning.  I was burning, I baked myself.  I even have a sunburn line where my necklace was.  I am lobster red.  I am thankful that it doesn't hurt everywhere.  It only really hurts in my armpit, yes.....I burned my armpit, I guess when I had my arms up waving for beads.  You ever burn your pit before....you don't want to, stings like a bitch when you shave.