         It was still Bike Night, and me looking absolutely sexy and just stood-up, I dusted myself off and bought a beer.   J wants a Coke (she has been suffering from a cold for weeks now), so we go in and bully up to the bar....there are so many people and smoke and noise, J leaves.  I get our order and head out, and I can't find her, I know she is around somewhere, so I scan for the red hair and find her next to the Men she had introduced me to last week.  Top Hat, pony-tailed dude (Sorry, Sweetheart , for the life of me I can not remember your name) and Dancing Bear.  Last week I rode with Top Hat and we had a blast.  He took me dancing, bought me beer and even took me for food.  He had tried making the moves on me last week, but I fended him off.  After a couple of beers and chit-chat, the pony-tailed dude wanted to head to the FQ to pick up his woman.   So, I on the back of Top Hat's bike and J on the back of Dancing Bear's bike head off with Pony-Tailed Dude.  We end up at a bar and Top Hat is a social butterfly, fluttering from one to the next, having a grand ol' time.  J looks miserable.  I know she isn't feeling good and Dancing Bear is putting on the moves.  Top Hat swerves over and puts his arm around me, whispers in my ear that he is a social person and he hoped it didn't bother me.  No bother, I think it is great....I have been dating dead-beats for so long that it is refreshing to see someone having fun. I am watching all this and thinking to myself, "Woman, you have been seeing losers that aren't going anywhere.  What is wrong with going out with a guy that is older(by 19 years), but will treat you like a queen, respect you and let you ride behind him."  I talked to J about it and she says to go for it.  My mind is made up, I will be Top Hat's woman before the end of the night.  J is getting worse, so Dancing Bear takes her back to her car and Top Hat and I, Pony-Tailed dude and his woman are off to the Dock, for dancing and flirting.  I am on the dance floor letting it all out.  I felt hot and very turned on, I strut over to Top Hat, wrap my arms around him and kiss him, a curl the man's toes kind of kiss, I lean back and he gets this funny look on his face, he starts to laugh and says that has never happened in his life.  I, the queen, made the man Ejack in his pants.  I did not touch anything but his face, with my lips and tongue on his lips, I am the Goddess!   Top Hat decides he is hungry, well of course he is, Duh....so he and I head to DB.  I am on the back of his bike, cruisin at about 80mph, I lean forward and I say, "Let's go back to your place", he says, "Can't"...Can't? Hmmmm, why not I ask.  Ohhh, no....yup, that's right, he is married.    Now tell me, why is this little known fact of your life not important to conversation, like before you stick you tongue down someone's throat and this someone is not your Wife?  So there we were, sitting at The DB eating chicken strips and cheese sticks, drinking beer and listening to tunes and I am floored.   He says he thought I knew, and I didn't.   He says he never tried to hide it, he wears a ring, he also wears gloves and I never saw the ring. He says that the marriage is at an "Impass", I tell him that I hope it's not because of me. He says he needs to make a decision, he is not happy, again I hope it's not because of me. All I know is I got stood up and I got lied to all in one night by two different men, and I didn't sleep with either of them. Wheeew!