         As it is now known, my baby sister had her little boy yesterday.  All went pretty well, but I have one little complaint.  Her friend, Paula,  and "God-Mother" of my nephew was a waste of space during the entire birthing.  I have no clue why she was there, to give comfort I had thought, but you can't give comfort when you are cracking jokes with the dad-to-be, Ted, and taking pictures.  Mom and I got to the hospital around 9 AM.  Manda was in the recovery room, because at that time there weren't any birthing rooms available.  She was uncomfortable, having contractions about every 6 minutes or so.  Well, Ted and Paula went and got breakfast, so mom and I could stay for a few, which was fine and then we switched when they got back, mom and I had breakfast.  Manda finally got to her birthing suite about 11 AM.  Mom and I walked in there and Paula and Ted were looking out the windows, talking, joking and having a grand ole time.  I sat on the sofa across the room and was watching my sister. Everytime she would have a contraction she would scrunch up her face, hold her breath and tears would stream down her face.  The third time I saw her do this, I walked over to her and sat next to her.  I grabbed her hand and told her to find a focus.  And breath.  She needed to breath deep breaths. So as the next contraction started, I coaxed her into breathing.  I said what a good job she was doing and to breath in and out.  I held her hand and when it was over she looked over at me and smiled.  She still had some tears but she said it wasn't as bad.  I sat with her for the next three hours and coached her thru every contraction.     My complaint is here....why wasn't Paula doing this for her?  I was told, by my sister, that Paula was coming to stay with them, so she could help with the delivery and then help at home after.  I really hope she is more help at home, but to be honest, I am a little frightened that she will be more work for Amanda.  I also don't understand why Paula is going to be the "God-Mother".  But then that also is not my choice.   At 2:30 the doctor came in and Ted asked him to give her an epidural, which he did, as well as a "pit" drip.  Ted then took over as her support, which I reluctantly gave up.  The rest of the labor went uneventful until the end, when after two hours of pushing, Amanda was exhausted and couldn't find enough strength to finish.  The doctor used "Salad Tongs" and Thomas was born without further incident.  We were all allowed to go back in the suite to meet Thomas and congratulate the new mom and dad.  They were both glowing and the prized little one is adorable.  We didn't stay very long, maybe a half hour and as we said our goodnights, Ted approached me.  He gave me a big hug and said loudly, "Thanks for coaching Amanda.  She wouldn't have done so wonderfully if you hadn't been here."  I tell ya, That really felt good!