         I don't claim to have any special powers.  I am not telepathic.  I am not even religious. But I have seen dead people.  The first time I saw an entity, that I remember, I was maybe 17 years old.  I was climbing up the basement stairs in my home in Falmouth.  I thought I heard a noise and I turned.  As I turned I saw a little girl sitting on the floor.  She was wearing a pale blue and white dress and was sitting cross-legged.  Her hair was about shoulder length and I could see that she had very delicate features.  In her hand was a small ball and she was bouncing it.  My first thought was, "Oh, she is playing jacks" and when I started to focus on her, she disappeared. I ran up the rest of the stairs and slammed the door.  I never told anyone about it, because I thought they would think I was crazy. Then I thought about it some more and I thought I was crazy.  As years went by I didn't see anymore.  I would feel a cold sensation, a warm sensation, a calming.  But never a visual.  Until one night I was working at the liquor store I was a manager for.  It was about 10:30PM and I was about to go in the big walk-in cooler to stock beer.  As I came around the corner I saw a man that looked like my boss walk into the cooler.  I was a little befuddled.  Firstly, my boss doesn't were those kind of white shirts.  And second, I knew my boss was upstairs in the shower(don't ask, I just knew).  So I went barreling in the cooler ready to confront this dude for being in my cooler and there wasn't anyone in there.  I searched and searched, nothing. Later, I told my boss about it.  He asked questions.  What did he look like, what was he wearing, Blah, Blah, Blah. When I told him, he started to chuckle.  He said, 'no big deal.  That was my dad".   Apparently his dad had died in the building 20 years before and would appear on occasion.  I told him that it would have been nice if he told me beforehand, I almost clobbered the "ghost".  A few months later, I had moved to Iowa(Another story).  The man I was with and I decided we were going to buy a house.  We searched high and low for something we could afford and something that fit.  We ended up in this little town, I already forget the name, looking at this house the realtor was raving about. We pulled up in the drive and as I climbed out of the car I immediately felt nauseous.  I didn't want to go in the house.  He was persistent and practically dragged me into it.  We wandered thru the tiny kitchen, the downstairs bath with no tub and he then when upstairs.  I was standing in the livingroom and felt myself become very dizzy.  The room began to spin and an odor seemed to come out of the walls.  I ran for the door.  I felt a hand grab me as I reached the door and I let out a scream.  It turned out to be my boyfriend and he guided me out.  As we were standing outside I asked the realtor what happened in the house.  She was quiet for a moment, the replied that there was no way I could know.  Then she admitted that the man that had owned the house before had committed suicide in the livingroom.  His body laid there for a week before anyone noticed. Needless to say, we didn't buy the house and I soon came to New Orleans, alone, without the boyfriend.  Have I seen more dead people, yes I have.  I am just a freak that way.