OK. So I suck. My turn to be passive aggressive.  I'm jealous. That's all there is to it. I'm jealous of S's rambling blog entry about all of her other friends and how she'll be spending the holidays with them (at least I didn't humilate myself by asking what her New Year's plans were). I don't know why I am jealous--I mean, obviously S and T have other friends. It might be that this is the first week since we've been here that we haven't hung out. And that's all me--I've just been too busy--but I guess it makes me insecure. Especially on the heels of S and my first "fight." Though it wasn't really much of a fight, I know I will feel a lot better once I see her and see that's she's not mad at me.   Blah blah. I should erase all that.   In other news, I met with Aditi today to discuss my Reg of Gender paper. She bugs me more every time I have to interact with her. The bottom line is that she's flakey-smart, and there are few things that irritate me faster than flaky smartiness. And she thinks she's fucking brilliant. It all comes back to my hatred of the Reed philosophy department, I think, as she kind of reminds me of the Reed philosophy department. Be that as it may, I'm closer to started on my paper, which is good. I don't really even have time to think about it though--it's a much less immediate priority than the million other school things I have to do. I'm really starting to freak out about all this school crap. The problem, I think, is that I forgot what it's like to never be finished.  My grasp  on reality is tenuous, too. I bought a book today. A novel. Like I am going toh ave time to read a fucking novel anytime before the plane ride home for Christmas? Give me a break.  Given the horror story with Chancey the other morning, we're going to be trying the new pinch collar tonight. THe thing looks like a torture device, but hopefully it will work without hurting him too much. I don't know what else to do. I adore him, but we have to be able to control him.  Fuck. It's the end of the month, almost. Need to pay bills.  Halloween is on Friday and I have no plans. When did I get so old?