Hello, my name is Susan and I suck at updating my blog. It has been nearly a week since my last entry...   Anyway, now that's out of the way. It is an incredibly beautiful Saturday morning here in lovely Austin, Texas. We just took Chance for a walk and as soon as Mark is done with his incredibly gross breakfast (cinnamon raisin toast with peanut butter) we are going to go outside and attempt to give him a bath. Our last attempt at bathing him didn't go too badly, so maybe there's some hope. Then I am going to do inside chores and Mark is going to mow the lawn (it desperately needs it--if I were able to do it, it would have been done a long time ago). Then I am going to see Casa de los Babies with Susan and Tony. I'm excited about that. Then, this afternoon/evening, Mark and I are both going to do school work (I swear!). Sounds like a pretty decent Saturday. Not exactly going to go out partying, but frankly the idea of going out partying nauseates me. I hope I don't regret being this old for my age when I'm 50. I don't think I will, though. I love this life. It's so much less stressful than trying to pretend shit is fun just because it is what I am supposed to doing at this stage.   I slept really well and really long last night (like eleven hours or something). I love sleeping. I love waking up and not having to get out of bed. Few things make me happier.  I think the problem is that I am just inherently lazy. :)  A thread on the Ms. boards has me thinking about which posters I have/have had crushes on. There are a passle of them. It's nice, actually, to be able to get a crush on someone solely for their words, without knowing what they look like. Flea, for example, I've never even seen a picture of. I have no idea what she looks like. I think Emilin and Esch's wedding pictures gave me crushes on both of them before I even knew who Esch was as a poster. I think I still have a crush on them from their wedding pictures, actually. It's a very platonic crush though--more like a "I want to be friends with those beautiful happy women" crush than a "I want to jump their bones!" crush. And the more I know of them, the more that's true--I can't wait to meet them IRL someday.  Less I embarrass myself anymore (I sometimes forget that people do on occaison actually read this thing), I'm going to go and make doggie bath preparations. Have a great Saturday, y'all.