I'm slacking off already, I guess.  Classes start tomorrow. I wish I felt more anticipation than dread, but I don't. I'm getting bogged down in the financial mire again, too. I need to not let it get to me--with my loans and everything I will be OK. Still, it worries me. I would really prefer not to have to live hand-to-mouth all semester (though I know that what I am thinking of as I type "hand-to-mouth" is a really rich white Westerners version thereof and I should be ashamed to complain about it).   I am going to try to build some time into my schedule to get into the fitness center(s) on campus and maybe take some classes. I ought to be ashamed of how out of shape I am at my age. Since all logic tells me my problems (back, legs, whatever) are going to get worse and not better, I really need to start being a bit proactive about this stuff. I know it sounds funny to say this at two-days-shy-of-24, but I'm not getting any younger. So I paid the fee that allows me to take whatever classes I want for this semester and hopefully I can drag my ass to kickboxing or yoga or pilates or something a couple of times a week.  I'd like to find a new pottery class, too, but perhaps I'd better take it one step at a time before I go completely overloading my schedule.  It looks like we may be getting a dog sooner rather than later. Mark fell in love with a dog off a rescue site and he's coming for a home visit this weekend. He's a German Shepard-Rott-Swissy. He weighs 103 lbs and from his picture he is beautiful. Mark talked to his foster mom on the phone yesterday and she couldn't say enough good things about him, so I guess we'll see where that goes. Getting a dog might be a great thing for my needing to get into better shape, too. I imagine it's a workout to walk a 100+ pound dog, whether he's obedient or not.  Unforunately, classes are starting on my heaviest day, Wednesday. I have Public Financial Management from 10:30-12 and Polical Economy from 2-5. I'm a bit perturbed about the length of my classes (I have two three-hour classes, two hour and a half classes and one four hour class every week). I always hated the longer classes at Reed, and they weren't any longer than my shortest classes here will be. Let's hope graduate school is different, or the temptation to skip class is going to start awfully early.  I hope it doesn't, though. I don't want to skip class. At this point in my education, it seems really counterproductive and stupid to do so.   My used Political Economy book cost $80. Bah. I haven't bought any of the rest of my books yet.