Today continued my trend of getting shit done, for which I am grateful. I read all of the PD chapters, two of the three PRP articles, did some PRP writing, watched the first 1/2 of the very depressing UT-OU football game, took TWO naps, took a bath and shaved all of the parts that needed shaving AND did eight loads of laundry (including sheets and blankets). I'm very proud of myself. I have more to do tomorrow, of course (like always), but I think I did a very reasonable amount today. Oh, and Mark and I went out to dinner at the Hyde Park Cafe.   Mark has pretty much been watching TV and otherwise lazing about all day, even though he keeps telling me he really really really needs to work on his NSF application. I'm not sure what his deal is. Far be it from me to nag him, though. He'll figure it out. I just wish he would watch less TV, because having the TV on is increasingly annoying to me. Wow, that sounded incredibly snobby. With as much as we pay for cable, I should be glad someone is watching it.   It's been raining all day and is supposed to rain for the next couple of days. It's so weird how it can be both very warm and rainy here, even in the middle of October. Strange stuff. I wish the rain would stop, though, because I am tired of Chance having muddy paws and us having muddy feet every time we go outside. The floors, which I spent so much time cleaning yesterday, are already covered in dirt and hair again, as are our bedsheets and blanket, which I washed just this afternoon. You can't win, I guess. It's part of having a dog. Again, I wish Mark were just a wee bit more helpful with this stuff (I don't think he reads this, so I am going to go ahead and leave that. If he does read it, well, maybe he'll get the clue!). Either I think he does less than he does or he thinks he does more than he does, but either way it's becoming more of an issue, at least in my mind. And the last fucking thing in the world I want to fight about it housework.  Interestingly, Mark and I have fought WAY less since we got here than we did before. I don't know why, exactly. It's good, though. I feel more and more like he's someone I could spend the rest of my life with.  If he'd learn to do the damn dishes and pick up his clothes, that is. :)  Susan and I are going to see Ani at an outdoor venue on Tuesday, so as long as the rain stops by then, I'll be satisfied. It looks like it is supposed to (but you never know). The tickets were expensive and I really want Susan to enjoy the show, so I really hope it stops. I also hope Ani is "on." She usually is, and when she is, it's something to see, but she was a bit off when we saw her last fall.  OK. Enough babbling. Susan, if you are reading this, UPDATE YOUR DAMN BLOG!! :)