I am stressed. I am not enjoying it. I have that water-rising-above-my-head-too-much-to-do-not-enough-time feeling. SO perhaps a to-do list will help. Perhaps it is just a waste of time, but I'm done for the night either way, and I'd like to be able to sleep, so here goes: Annoyingly long list of things I need to do in the near future: 1. Work all day Thursday 2. Go to POWER domestic violence event Thursday night 3. Work Friday 10-2 4. Meet with LBJ internship coordinator Friday at 2:30 5. Read 4 chapters and an essay for policy development, then check out a webpage, then email my group with my thoughts. Do this by Friday. 6. Draft a memo topic for public financial management by Monday. 7. Do my economics problem set, at which I have not yet glanced, by Wednesday. 8. Read three articles for Regulation of Gender, email Aditi at least once, and do at least three free-writes, by Tuesday. 9. Read Lessons from the Intersexed, or at least get a good start on it, this week. 10. Do my economics reading for Wednesday (two chapters). 11. Do my PFM reading for Monday, then for Wednesday. 12. Wash the filthy floors in my house. 13. Do laundry. 14. Write a 500 word essay about my dreams and how I plan to achieve them in order to apply for some scholarship I don't remember the name of. Due 10/21. 15. Get together some care packages for some folks who I know could use them. Get these in the mail by Monday. 16. Wash the dog. He is filthy. 17. Make something to take for lunch next week. 18. Finish reorganizing/cleaning out the office. 19. Make an appointment at Planned Parenthood to get my cervix scraped and see if I still have pre-cancerous growths there. 20. To to Pier One and scout out things for my relaxation kits.  I could go on, but I won't. It isn't helping, and I sound so damn whiny. The upshot is that I have lots to do, mostly stuff I don't want to do, and I am afraid the stuff I really think is important, some of which I didn't even list, now that I look at it, will fall by the wayside.  I have to get used to never being finished. That is what school is all about. There's always some project, some reading, some writing, something you should be doing. It took me two years to get used to that in undergrad. I had no idea I would forget so quickly.  I want to hang out with Susan this weekend. I want to watch the Red River Shoot-out (it's the game of the year!). I want to go to the one-night-only mother and daughter themed play at the Blanton. I want to go see the Warhol exhibit before it goes away. I want to take a bath and read the new Bitch that came in the mail today.  But something has to give.