A member of a message board I frequent asked a question today (or maybe yesterday?) about how one knows when one is bisexual. My response, which was as honest as I can get on this subject, was that restricting my feelings for people based on their gender simply makes no sense to me. It's not just nonsensical, though, it feels like bigotry. To me, restricting attraction or romantic feeling based on gender really does make about as much sense as restricting it based on race.  The problem is that I think my outlook on this can (easily) be read as very inflammatory and even insulting by people who are not bisexual. I mean, basically I'm calling them bigots, right? That can't be good. And I really hate that aspect of it. I don't think it's my place to judge anyone's sexuality, but if I am going to be perfectly honest, I have to say that heterosexuality and homosexuality really make very very little sense to me. Homosexuality for women makes some sense for political reasons, but as far as actually only being attracted to women...I don't get it.  Ug. This is confusing stuff. I should really start reading some bi-theory, but I am afraid it will only piss me off more.  I went shopping for several hours today. My main objective was to get Mark's birthday present (accomplished!), but I had to go to a bunch of places and get stuff for our office, etc. as well. It was a complete nightmare. Target was brim-full of incoming U Texas freshlings buying plastic shit they don't need for their dorm rooms. Oddly, I wasn't jealous of them like I expected to be. Mostly, I was relieved that part of my life is over. Man, I must be getting old.  Speaking of old, I will be 24 in just a few short days. How weird is that? 24 is, undeniably, mid-20s. And Mark will be 26! I don't know how we got so grown up.  The ongoing conversations about the future dog make me feel pretty grown up as well. We're actually going to take care of another living being. A mammal. A companion. It's a big step. I think we're ready, but it makes me nervous.  We've also decided to open a joint checking account for household expense. Shit. We're practically married. :P