Mark comes back tomorrow! Mark comes back tomorrow!   I'm so excited I can hardly sit still. I have a bunch of presents and stuffed stockings waiting, so we can have our Christmas just as soon as he gets here (well, maybe a bit after he gets here). I'm also really excited for unmentionable reasons...it's amazing the things that two weeks apart will bring out...  I went on a total buying spree today, getting presents for Mark and Chancey. It was BAD. I spent like $200 or something. But it made me really happy, and now Christmas shopping is officially over and I can get back on budget. The pile of presents in the living room makes me smile every time I walk by. It's worth it. I can always say I spent my suit money from Nana (and my digital camera money from Dad, too, I guess). I don't really need to buy a suit now anyway, since Target bailed me out. And she'll never know the difference.  The cup of coffee I drank a bit ago is not sitting so well in my tummy. I wonder why sometimes it doesn't bother me at all and sometimes it just makes me feel like I am going to retch?  I suppose I should be thinking New Year's resolutions...I kind of already made mine (getting in shape, losing weight, watching what I eat, etc.). I've fallen off the wagon a little bit in the past week, but I think I can get back into it now that I'm home. I don't officially want to call that a New Year's resolution, though, because then I'll NEVER do it. Regaining financial control would be another good resolution...  Damn resolutions that require self discipline. What I can't I resolve to sleep less and have more sex?  Speaking of sleeping less, I have slept SO poorly the past few nights. Hopefully it will be better tonight. I have no idea what is keeping me awake. It might just be because Mark is gone, but that didn't really bother my sleeping patterns last time he was away.   Or it may be the coffee. Does coffee have more caffeine than Pepsi?  Sadly, my blogging does not seem to have improved since yesterday...