I swear, time goes so much slower here than it does anywhere else on the planet. Not totally in a bad way, but it's so strange. I feel like I've been here for a year already, and I've just been here since Wednesday night.  All is going reasonably well, though. It is amazing how much better I get along with them than I used to. No political arguments yet, and I'm pretty proud. We even discussed socialized healthcare, and there was no fight. Partially that's because they are beginning to come around to my way of thinking on their own ('bout damn time!) and partially it's because I am learning, in my old age, that some arguments are just not worth having. I'm not going to change their minds, at least not both at the same time, and even having the discussion just makes things uncomfortable. There are some things (well, most important things really, but I'm not going to think too much abou that right now) that I don't have any reason to talk to them about.  Being here is strange, though. I feel myself conciously having to struggle against reverting to my younger behavior. It really highlights for me how I am a different person now than I was at 16, or even 19 or 21. These past couple of years have made worlds of difference. Part of it, I'm sure, is pharmaceutical (mmm...antidepressants), but part of it is just growing up. I don't begrudge helping out around here when I am here now--in fact, I welcome the opportunity. Sounds mature to me!  Before I get too impressed with myself, though, I do have to admit that being here makes me eat asbsolute crap. I cannot believe the amount of junk food I've consumed in the past few days. According to my calorie count I'm still within reasonable levels, but there are very few nutrients in my system. I guess it's only for another week, though, and then I go back home, where it's easier to eat well. I'm not going to lose too much sleep over it. I'm keeping up with yoga and cardio, so that's good. Maybe tomorrow I will take another long walk. It seems to want to rain here, though, so maybe not.  I could go on and on forever and still have nothing new to say about family dynamics. I swear it's one of the very weirdest subjects on Earth. It's one more reason I don't want to have kids--I wouldn't want my kids to feel the sense of pity/incredulousness/worry/distain/love for me that I do for my parents. It feels bad enough from this side. I really wish my relationship with them could be completely untroubled, I wish I could understand them and they could understand me. But right now, I am pretty happy to settle for peace, even if it does feel a little bit shallow.