I just spent an hour or so whipping up several batches of bath salts. I made grapefruit (my personal fave), orange ginger, blood orange rosemary, and rosemary lavendar tangerine. They smell great seperately, but the mixture of all of the smells, in conjunction with the amount of salt I got in tiny papercuts on my hands, is less than pleasant at the moment.  If any of my loyal readership would like a care package of homemade bath salts, lemmeno which flavor strikes your fancy.  I spent a good hour and a half this afternoon cleaning out and reorganizing my dresser and closet. My closet is now color-coded (I can't believe it took me so long to do that) and all of my drawers are reorganized and neat. I'm on a real organizational binge lately. I want to get some more clear plastic containers and organized our pantry cupboard (pasta in one container, nuts in one, dried fruit in one, etc.), but Mark begs me not too. He'd never be able to find anything that way.  This is the trouble with someone like me cohabitating with someone like Mark.   That and the piles of fucking papers everyfuckingwhere.  I have to go to work tomorrow morning. I didn't think I was going to have to go in until 11 or so, so it's a bitter pill to swallow that I have to be there at 9. Oh well. I could use the hours, and there is stuff to do. I'm not so sure the working from home thing is going to work out as well as I'd hoped, actually, because I haven't been able to get it together yet. Hopefully next week.  Ug. My hands smell mostly like rosemary essential oil, with this sort of background citrus smell. It would be nice if it weren't so damn strong. Also my left index finger is stained yellow from the coloring. Looks like I have jaundice of one finger.  I am fairly successful so far in my quest to stop biting my nails! They aren't past the ends of my fingers or anything yet, but they are to the point where they pretty much look like I just cut them short, rather than gnaw them off. I'm impressed.  Yeah, I know, it doesn't take much.