I am indebted to   Frog  for today's title. :)  I've been having a lot of what I would consider interesting thoughts lately, and I keep thinking I should write them down so that I can blog about them later and maybe actually get some content going on up in here, but so far, no luck. Instead, I make ten to-do lists a day. I think I need to go to "To-Do List Makers Anonymous."  My mind is pretty occupied right now with trying to figure out what to do about the internship situation. For those who need a refresher, here's where I am: 1. I have been offered an internship in Portland doing program evaluation. It pays well ($6500 for eleven weeks) and would be an excellent experience. And I'd be in Portland for the summer, which is both a (small) benefit and a (large) detraction. 2. As of yesterday, I've been offered a summer position at my current place of employment. It's a great little nonprofit and I'm enjoying working there. The money is decent ($13/hr for ten weeks). It's here. I absolutely adore one of the women I work with. But I'm not sure what kind of experience it would be and what connections I could get from it. It could be great or it could be largely a time suck that I don't get much new experience out of. 3. I am attempting to apply to a third position, as a legislative aide to a state rep. He's supposed to be a great guy and I think the position would be good, it's stuff I'm interested in working on (school finance, health and human services) and it would probably be the best option as far as getting "connections." Howeer, I can't apply w/o a reference from my current boss (see #2). And I think it would make for a stressful summer. And, although I know it's paid, I don't know what the pay scale is.  So that's where I'm at with that decision. I'm leaning towards the path of least resistance (#2). I think I'll probably have the least stressful summer that way. But I have to figure out how to negotiate what I'll actuallly be  doing  this summer before I agree. Advice, as always, is appreciated.  Gee, I thought that was going to be an interesting blog entry. And I was wrong. Apologies. I'll try to think of something more interesting to add later.