Another day in the continual quest to find some place to put my anger. But the anger just comes, as Ani says. Today's bout is over what I feel is an unfair withholding of some of our security deposit from our former landlord and Erica's subsequent email stating that she thought that since the bulk of what we left behind (some boxes and a box spring, basically) wasn't her's, she should have her entire portion of the deposit refunded.   This pisses me off on so many levels I hardly know where to begin. First, the landlord. Even if we did leave a few things we shouldn't have behind (I'll cop to the box spring being inappropriate, but I think the boxes, left out with the recycling, were fine and the place was DAMN clean), the apartment was in WAY WAY WAY better shape when we left than it was when we moved in. When we moved in, it was a disaster. We had to clean it from top to bottom, and the people who moved out before us left way way more stuff that we had to deal with than we ever thought of leaving. So I think it is unfair. And I think she's just being cheap. The note she sent us with our partial refund said that she was witholding $120 from our refund because she worked for 7 hours at $15/hr and had to pay a $15 dump fee to clean up waht we'd left. So it's not much money, given the size of the deposit. And there is absolutely no way it took her seven hours to break down some boxes...  The whole thing sets my teeth on edge. Adn the fact that I can't just let it go sets them even farther on edge. Ug. Why can't I just write stuff like this off? It's an extra $40-$60 (depending on Erica). It's not the end of the world.  But my heart rate increases, I can't sleep, I grit my teeth, and I am generally angry. And so I continue to look for a place to put my anger. And I continue to be totally unable to find one.  School starts in like a week and a half. I am totally unprepared to be a graduate student. Who the fuck am I kidding?   And I should get a job and really really don't want to. Not wanting to makes me feel lazy and shiftless.  Just another day in the great life of Grace's self esteem.