OK. So this is one of those things were I'm not sure if I'm just fucked up or if I am legitimately irritated.  Yesterday morning, or perhaps Friday night, I asked Mark if he would take care of the household chores this weekend, because I really need to write this paper and if there are chores to be done, I will use them to procrastinate. He said sure, just to tell him what needed to be done. To be completely honest, I was already irritated at that point (can't he tell as well as I can what needs to be done?), but I gave him a short list anyway.  Yesterday he played with Chancey and took a nap, as well as doing some magazine reading and going with me to a movie. He didn't do a single chore.  This morning I re-emphasized the importance of both the chores getting done and my not having to do them. He acted a little put out that I was bringing it up again, but he said he'd do it.  Now it's nearly 4pm. To his credit, he has cleaned out the fridge, cleaned out the bathtub, and done numerous loads of laundry. However, the house is still mostly a disaster and we still don't have any fucking groceries for the week. I believe he is currently having tea and reading yet another magazine.  So here's the question: should I be grateful that he is doing chores at all, or am I rightfully irritated that he's not doing them within my time frame and to my specifications? In a few hours, it will have officially taken him all weekend to do half-assed what I could have done well in a few hours. This is why I usually just do it myself. It seems like a better use of energy. I just start a project and then finish it and move on to the next project. Mark, on the other hand, seems to find it necessary to spend much more time sitting and thinking on what to do next than actually getting anything done.  I know that I have a tendancy towards psychotic neatness and that I can be very hard to please in this department. However, I really feel like he's not even much trying, and that is driving me up a fucking wall. I explained very clearly that there was a specific reason (my still unfinished paper) that I needed him to take care of this stuff in a timely way this weekend. Why can't he just fucking do it my way for once?