By all rights, this should be a movie review for   Cold Mountain . Last night, when I was finally feeling up to food and entertainment again, Mark and I decided to go to the Alamo and see the film and have dinner (the Alamo, for those not lucky enough to live in Austin, is a great local chain of theaters that serve you dinner while you are watching the movie). But we got there to a line approximately 900 miles long, so we ditched that plan and decided on dinner out and then a DVD at home.  So I could be reviewing the DVD. It was   Igby Goes Down . However, I think everyone but me has already seen it, and I didn't find it all that interesting, so I don't think I'm going to bother. I gave it a hesitant *** (look to your left). One thing I will say, though, is that I think   Kieran Culkin  is worth keeping an eye on--he gave a damn good performance.  Instead, I think I am going to try my hand at a restaurant review. We went to the   34th Street Cafe  for dinner, and I found it to be good food, medium to bad service, lousy ambiance, and lousy decor. I'd go back, but I'd be more careful when ordering (my entree was really overpriced) and I'd expect to wait.  The wine was one of the highlights of the meal. I've been enjoying a nice sweet glass of white wine recently, so I had a German Riesling that was really good. I don't remember what Mark had, but I thought it tasted like paint thinner. Our appetizer was a quail marinated in a maple and soy sauce over pumpkin raviolis. It has some wilted spinach on the side. It was really tasty, especially the quail skin and the ravioli. It took like 45 minutes or more to come, though, which is a bit much.  My entree was really good, but if I had asked how much the special was before I ordered it, I would have had something else. It wasn't worth $25. It was a pan-seared piece of red snapper over a pesto couscous. I wasn't sure what pesto couscous would be like, but it was amazingly good--sort of creamy and studded with really excellent quality cherry tomatoes and yellow bell peppers. Mark had oriechetta pasta with boar sausage and a chipotle cream sauce. He wasn't all that impressed, but I just had his leftovers for dinner tonight and I thought it was pretty good. The spicy chipolte flavor was a really welcome surprise in a cream sauce, and the sausage had a great flavor.  It took a really long time to get a dessert menu, and when I did, I asked the person who stopped by our table (not our original waitperson, a second person) what was meant by "Mexican Vanilla Wedding Cake" on the menu. I wanted to make sure it wasn't vanilla Mexican Wedding Cake, which would be very different. His smart-ass response was, "It's exactly what it says. Wedding cake flavored with Mexican vanilla." So helpful. I ordered it anyway, though, and it was really good, except that it needed some fruit or a fruit sauce to cut the vanilla/sweetness. It came with one strawberry, and for a piece of four-layer cake, that wasn't enough.   I have to stop here, though, and give Mexican vanilla it's due. Before I moved down here, I'd had things that claimed to be Mexican vanilla, but the stuff they give you under that name here is a totally different (and nearly transcendent) experience. It's amazing. There's something slightly herbal about it, something slightly alcoholic...I can't even explain it. Suffice to say that if you haven't tried it, you should.  Anyway, so that was our meal. The ambiance of the place was very strange and industrial, the plastic chairs reminded me way too much of the ones in my high school cafeteria, and our table was in the path of all of the wait staff, so our chairs kept getting bumped and stuff. We did, however, see a woman in a long shiny leather-esque coat just like   Trinity , so that was pretty funny.