It has come to my attention that I haven't posted anything of any actual substance since Monday. So I am going to attempt to remedy that. My brain is feeling not-quite-here today, though, so don't expect too much.  I am currently working on fact sheets on different issues in children's health in the great state of Texas. Probably needless to say, children's health doesn't seem to be a big state priority, so creating these fact sheets, while interesting, is inevitably depressing. I really wish I could be drawn to work that was not depressing on a daily basis. It would be good for me, I think. But it's not going to happen.  Life seems to be getting a bit more complicated than I would like. Partially it's this job/internship thing. Yesterday, completely on a whim, I sent my resume to a half-time position I had just gotten a posting for. It would be a good job, pretty well paid, benefits, etc. I don't think I'm particulary qualified for it, but I hate to limit myself, so I sent in my resume. The woman to whom I sent it called to inquire about my interview availability literally less than ten minutes after I sent the email. What does that mean? Does that mean she's desperate? Does it mean I'm a good candidate even though I didn't think I was? Does it mean I misrepresented myself in my email?  And why can't any of the other things I have applied for get back to me...? What's taking so long?  Nag nag nag.  Also, I need to go to the doctor. In fact, I'd say I  really  need to go to the doctor. I think there is something wrong with my anti-depressant prescription, I'm getting more migraines, blah blah blah. So why haven't I made an appointment yet? Well, because I'm scared, frankly. I'm terrified of doctors and it takes me weeks of building up to make an appointment.  To make matters worse, I now know which strains of HPV I have. The research study I was in finally ended, so they un-blinded the results. And yes, one of the strains I have is a cancer-causing strain. So I really need to go for a repeat Pap. But have I made an appointment to do that? Fuck no--again with the fear of doctors.  So yeah...that's where I am today. Perhaps it was better when I was just posting recycled song lyrics and pictures, huh?