             My Fantasy Life      Well, there are fantasies, and there are fantasies.  But here's a surprise one for me - fantasy baseball.    A 'net acquaintance of mine was putting a league together, and asked me to join.  I spend way too much time surfing anyhow, and wanted to tell him "no".  But baseball was always "my" sport, so I decided to give it a try.    When I was a kid, we used to play something like this - my best friend Bobby had a board game with a bunch of circular "cards" with a big hole in the middle.  Around the outside of the circle was the player's name, accompanied by lines marking off a pie graph version of his stats.  So, for example, Mickey Mantle would have a big section of home runs, along with a HUGE slice for strikeouts whereas PeeWee Reese had a much smaller homer slice, but also a lot fewer strikeouts, and bigger slices for singles and doubles.  I forget the name of THAT game - it certainly didn't have the word "fantasy" in it.    Fast forward 35 years.  Nobody has games with spinners anymore - there's probably even an electronic version of Hi-Ho-CherryO - and we're not stuck with stats-from-the-past.  So fantasy baseball, or at least this flavor, involves putting a team together, and then pulling their stats every night - best stats wins - but it's the league founder who determines the points.  So he decided, for example,  that you don't get anything for being walked, and that pitchers don't lose anything for taking a loss or allowing runs.    So at first, I had no idea who to draft - so I went for an all-Hispanic/Asian team.  Because of the way the draft went, I didn't get all my picks, but had what I thought was a pretty good team.  Pretty soon, though, I was "floundering" (ironic, in that "Flounders" was the name of my team) around 6th or 7th place, out of a league of 8 teams.  So something had to change.      Nobody had drafted any rookies, so I went out and got the hot ones.  and a few cold-career/hot-season guys.  But I couldn't get past 6th place.    But then I got the secret - it was the starting pitchers.  You get points for innings pitched, strikeouts, wins, complete games, shutouts.  But you only get 3 starting pitcher slots, plus 2 relievers and 3 utility pitchers.  Starters only pitch every 5 days or so - so how do you maximize your pitchers' innings?  You (1) load your bench with starters, and (2) make as many of your guys combined relievers / starters as possible.  (1) lets you swap scheduled starters in every time it's their turn - this is way more productive than keeping hitters on the bench - 'cos you're hoping your hitters are playing every day anyhow.  (2)  Lets you put any pitcher anywhere - so you can have a scheduled starter in a reliever's spot.  Guys with this designation (combined starter / reliever) tend to be last year's relievers, who've been promoted to this year's starters.    So you're thinking, "nice theory, Daf, but how does it play out?"  It took about 4 weeks, maybe 5,  to move from 6th place to first.  The Flounders are  smokin' !  Two weeks in first place, and pulling away.    This is just so cool, 'cos I always wanted to win at baseball, and never could.  First baseman, average glove, no hit.  Even in my old "spinner" game, I usually lost, 'cos Bobby was such a baseball geek.    So, for the moment anyway, the Flounders rule!  All the rest of you teams (especially the naughtybeavers, for picking such a tasteless and obvious name), eat Flounder dust!   Daf