         I was searching for a topic in a Filipino search engine when I ran across this reviewer's comments on Chingay's online diary. I clicked the link and I was hooked. Ching was honest and hid nothing. Often she commented on how she might get kicked off some webserver do to her content. ;)    Anyway, I read her entry about her various attractions and what it all meant. I responded to that entry w/ an e-mail. That began a very long daily e-mail correspondence in which I wrote her a litany of my survival. I sent her poems old and new. She sent me links to hers. I was drawn to her diaries, the way she was drawn to my e-mails. Often she convinced me to have my own website or online journal. I refused.   Soon we were snail mailing each other. I sent her books mailed in packages covered in rave cards or whatever I could find. I scrawled in the the margins of SF Bay Area independent weekly newspapers. We talked on the phone.    I joined her Yahoo! groups. I also joined an e-mail list group in which members took turning writing a bizarre story. If my memory serves me correctly, it was about an anti-hero who wanted to avenge the death of his pet boa who died as an adobo dish. The murderess was a bartender/songstress and a S&M dominitrax and a celebrity pet killer at large.   Really, I was a goner. I searched Chingay in various search engines. I downloaded her photos and saved them on discs. I wrote e-mails to her California suitor. I even sent her a postcard from Reno and even used the Carson City public library's internet access to contact her and tell her not to worry. I just had a little roadtrip and I was snowed in in Nevada.   We played Truth or Die on AOL Instant Messenger.   Yaddy, yaddah...then she broke my heart: She fell in love with Brian, insulted California, and refused to meet me. Well, actually, she felt lonely for Brian, she thought the Bay Area was very crowded unlike the open spaces of Kansas, and we could not arrange to meet. Anyway, I was crushed. I retreated from the Chingay Yahoo! club for a while. Then out of curiosity I checked it out again. Then whammo bammo, I'm naming one of her group blogs.