         The following is a text version of a chat session of Net's day at Rock Center Cafe.  Parts of the text has been edited to protect the innocent...Happy Reading....   Yagbee:   remembe LIZA?     Yagbee:   +r     Yagbee:   Dot and I went to RockCenter Cafe last night      Yagbee:   We bumped into RIZZa , LIZA's cousin.    MaDuree SoUr:  WAIT      Yagbee:   I said.. OMG!   but tried not to look at Rizza when i said it    MaDuree SoUr:  GIV ME SUMTIME 2 READ UR STORY    MaDuree SoUr:  RIZZA???     Yagbee:   rizza q(edited)    Yagbee:   LIZA.. the girl i used to date up in Boston    MaDuree SoUr:  o is shes a singer or actress    MaDuree SoUr:  how cum i wasn't invited    MaDuree SoUr:  lol    MaDuree SoUr:  i can't believe u smacked ur BOSS wit ur "BOLONEY"     MaDuree SoUr:  lol     Yagbee:   it all happened in my head.. I actually forgave him when he bought me some cheeze doodles to replace it     Yagbee:   behold the power    MaDuree SoUr:  o so dats ur "KRYPTONITE"    MaDuree SoUr:  d cheesenitey     Yagbee:   its not kryptonite... is cheeze... this aint smallville     Yagbee:   its cheezeville     Yagbee:   so anyway for a minute there... I had forgotten RIZZA's name...so I said to dot.. quick order up something with cheeze      Yagbee:   then Neil .. Rizza's fiance... looked at me with a face, wonderin if he had seen me before.. I tried to look preoccupied at the skaters who obviously had ate some cheese cuz they were great on the ice     Yagbee:   except maybe for this chinese guy who might have had too much moo go gai pan cuz he tried to do a spin move and bang .. slipped and fell., ouch i hope he didnt break his cheeze doodle..    MaDuree SoUr:  wel did u finally talk 2 rizza    MaDuree SoUr:  lol    MaDuree SoUr:  u hav sum adventure     Yagbee:   after a creete salvation devouring Lamp Chops and a sauce with cheese on top... I said to Dot, Okay ill approach her and ask her name... I dabled on some more of the keso sauce and apploached Rizza     Yagbee:   then it dawned to me.. RIZZA     Yagbee:   thats her name     Yagbee:   behold the power     Yagbee:   I asked her if she had ever had an experience eating cheese     Yagbee:   then Neil smiled at us     Yagbee:   Rizza had a bedazzled look on her face...     Yagbee:   Dot was giggling     Yagbee:   Rizza said: Youre Vince right?     Yagbee:   I said yes.    MaDuree SoUr:  hooooo lalaa    MaDuree SoUr:  so he noes u 2    MaDuree SoUr:  she i mean    MaDuree SoUr:  was it LUV at first sight     Yagbee:   nah.. but it was cheeze at first bite     Yagbee:   I introduced Dot to Neil and Rizza     Yagbee:   then our waiter appoached us and gave me a free anytime pass to the skating rink     Yagbee:   he said..come by anytime, just ask for Mustafa,      Yagbee:   so the lesson is... try to remember someones name and when you ever try to make reservations at RockCenter Cafe...and you cant get one.. ask for Mustafa    MaDuree SoUr:  lol    MaDuree SoUr:  nice     Yagbee:   remember to order the Lamb Chops and have a side order of cheese just in case you become forgetful    MaDuree SoUr:  sowee    MaDuree SoUr:  i'm not a mEat lover     Yagbee:   Lamb is meat    MaDuree SoUr:  yeaaaaaaaaaaaa    MaDuree SoUr:  i noe     Yagbee:   with cheeze its even better     Yagbee:   when you remember the names its quite extraordinary    MaDuree SoUr:  o yea...i wil not 4get    MaDuree SoUr:  so is dat d lesson     Yagbee:   the lesson is .. maduree san.... do not take cheeze doodles to the skating rink    MaDuree SoUr:  lol     Yagbee:   and when you skate on the rink.. look into the rock center cafe window and yell at the patrons... Behold the Power!!    MaDuree SoUr:  ok vincent san    MaDuree SoUr:  konnichiwa     Yagbee:   hai     MaDuree SoUr:  ohayoo gozaimasu     Yagbee:   cheeze doodle....     Yagbee:   what is that?     Yagbee:   ohayoo gozaimasu?    MaDuree SoUr:  good mornine    MaDuree SoUr:  o babe    MaDuree SoUr:  i hav 2 go      Yagbee:   later    MaDuree SoUr:  it was a pleasure talkin 2 u      Yagbee:   hugz till cheeze time.     ~Net