         I finally saw Final Fantasy yesterday. WOW! The animation was great! Talk about detail--every strand of hair, every wrinkle. The captain looked like Ben Affleck (sp?) though.      Guy Pearce stars in Memento. I don't know who he is so I don't know if that if information would be of any help. Still, go see it!      My sister Gladys bought many DVDS which I had the opportunity to view at least a few. Let's see...    Mall Rats   Power Puff Girls   Cinema Paradiso (excellent! Don't watch the dub in English. The Italian priest sounded like he was a Jewish rabbi from NYC.)   Camille Claudel (also, excellent)  Charlie's Angels (entertaining. I also liked the special segment in which they described their training for the martial arts stunts.)   Say Anything ( i love this movie! I just like John Cussack sp?--I cannot spell anyone's names lately)     I missed Dido when she played in the Shoreline Amphitheatre in the South Bay Area. I decided not to go, but sometimes I feel like kicking myself for not going. I did go to Ani DiFranco in Berkeley, which is only 30 minutes drive from my home city. This was the fifth Ani concert I've seen. She opts for smaller venues than the collesiums and giant stadiums. She is very funny and personable when she talks to the crowd. She is very experimental with her music. For example, a spokenword piece in her CD can be incredibly rocked out in one concert or have a funky bassline in the next concert. Her older songs don't have a brass section, but in a concert she would have trumpet players and other horns playing. Her roots are in folk music--the grassroots political music. If it weren't for her blend of rock, R&B, funk, and jazz  combined with lyrics that either captured the complexities of love relationships, fought against big music industry, and constantly questioned the governement; well, I'd just say "another dyke with a guitar--yech, phooey!" Now, I see a mighty mite on stage who challenged the big guns on her own terms and won.