          EAST OF EDEN   Made somebody's (FHM's?) list of all-time worst movies recently.  Gotta agree - the unsexiest movie about sex ever.  Rosie, put something on!  Please!  But I really want to talk about:   PICNIC, MEDICINE MAN, HIGH FIDELITY,  and  PECKER ...  PICNIC is a 1955 movie with William Holden and Kim Novak.  Kim (Ricketts, not Novak) and I were watching the tube the other night, this came on, and she got all hyped -  Ooh!  Ooh!  I know this movie!  - turns out she had never seen it, but her musical-loving bachelor brother with the string of male roommates (draw your own conclusions - his Mom's still in denial.  We love him regardless.) had the soundtrack LP and used to play it all the time.  She had big chunks of the dialogue memorized.  Kind of a soapy movie, intense emotions, a bit overblown.  Bad apple from the wrong side of the tracks wins the heart of the small town festival queen.  I had never even heard of it, much less seen it, but my IMDB research showed somebody (Novak, maybe?) got an Oscar.  Also had "Spiderman"'s dad, Charlie's grandpa from "Willy Wonka", Mother Superior from "The Trouble with Angels", and the lady who did the voice for the aunt with the cats in "Lady and the Tramp".  MEDICINE MAN was from the same tubefest - we get some Ontario stations on clear nights, and some real interesting fare - including the Sopranos (uncut).  Anyhow, this was a movie neither of us had ever heard of, but we watched.  Sean Connery and Lorraine Bracco (speaking of the Sopranos - she's the shrink), 1992.  He's a cancer field researcher assigned to the Amazon, she's the corporate shill who's sent to check up on him, and then chemistry takes over.  VERY wll played, though Kim and I both figured out the "secret" way before the scientists did.  Excellent interplay between Connery and Bracco, though.  Kim's hunting down the DVD - we missed the beginning.  HIGH FIDELITY was a DVD we borrowed from my niece.  Music geeks in love, or something like that.  Cusack is great, sort of a regular guy with (a) a passion for record collecting, and (b) a psychotic approach to dating.  While a realtime breakup unfolds, he takes us back to his history of failed romances, looks up the girls to find out if he's the problem, and we bounce in and out of flashbacks while his girlf tumbles into a relationship with a graytail (Timothy Robbins), and he hooks up with Lisa Bonet (mmmm!).  The best part of this whole thing though, is the record store, where his goofy sidekicks steal the show.  Jack Black absolutely should have gotten a Best Supporting Actor out of this.  The outtakes (I love DVDs!) had some cool moments, too.  PECKER is a John Waters flick about a kid with a camera, also from my niece's collection.  We watched 40 minutes and lost interest.  Waters has this kind of cartoonish approach with his characters that wears real thin after a while.  Too bad - I love Christina Ricci, but just couldn't watch any more.