          WESTWORLD  Went to a wedding this weekend.  It's the wedding of Dorothy's cousin Kim Yan.  He married Sheldeen Yambao.  Yes, its a Chinese-Filipino wedding.  They had a full mass at this church in Lindenhurst, NY.  A quaint small town in the south shore of Long Island.  Dot put me in charge of taping with her video cam.  I also played a role in church by doing the second reading.  Sheldeen arrived 20 minutes late and the wedding party walked up the aisle kind of fast.  The funny parts I think happened when they placed Sheldeen's train on top of the chair.  It looked like someone was under her train.  Luckily, one of the bridesmaids noticed and fixed it.  Right around the offertory service, the Video guy tripped on one of the flowers.  That was a laugh riot but unfortunate for me I didnt have my video cam on.  Dot asked me: "Did you get that?".  I acted like Homer and said: "Doh!"   The reception was held at Chatteau La Mer.  Its a catering hall at docks in Babylon,NY.  It overlooks the bay right before Jones beach.  It has a breath taking view, thank goodness the sun decided to show after the Church ceremony.  Kim and Sheldeen had some time for picture taking.  There was lots of food at the reception.  Instead of just finger foods, they served  real food too!  They had stuffed shells, muscles, crab cakes, lechon, pasta.  Man I was so stuffed after that.  Some of the guests didnt know about the dinner afterwards and ate till they could not eat anymore.   Kim invited a lot of guests!  Most of his co-workers from the airport were there.  Some even came from out of town like Kim's old manager who flew in from Chicago.  Another coworker flew in from Florida.  Kim even invited his ex-girlfriend who drove from New Jersey with her husband.  She was so emotional, and had a tear in her eye.  Not for Kim though.  Dot told me that Edna was very close to her family.  Edna hasnt seen the whole family together in a long  time.   The band was great!  Island Magic played a lot of dance music mostly from the 70's and early 80's.  They did play a medley of songs from the 60's which was cool.  Everyone got up from their seats everytime they played.  A few still had to be pryed from their seats but the best man got them up to dance.  I must say that the wedding was great.  Dot and I danced more in this wedding than any other.  She even let me teach her other cousins to boggie, swing and merengue.  I was so tired, that I was amazed that I could still drive home.  Didnt drink that much.  All I had was a Seabreeze and one beer.  One of these days I will work on editing the video we took and compress it for internet use.  More to come. ~NET