         NEVADA  -    As I was growing up, I was aware that my mother Maria had a very admirable figure. Remember she married at 16, (after one boy, she had me when she was 20). Even in that old, backward exotic town, they know sexy when they see one (they probably don't know what to call it). Men and women talk about her, like I was not there.  Women I guess say how she was just blessed with good body because back then women don't do anything more of what  they have.  I was 16 when I realized what those comments meant (my mother then was 36) so she had long ways to go to be still young  and not aware of what she is or what she got.  But really, how she got that body, she would tell me.  It was going uphill to a farm,  (where even a tricycle can 't climb anymore,) on foot and coming down with a sack of sweet potatoes, or a sack of rice from  their small farm and bringing it down where the tricycle would be waiting to bring them back home.  And washing clothes by hand in a nearby river, all through out her  young life.   No she does not live like that  anymore. I made it a point that she is better after my college and I got a job.  She is now 70 and her only problem is anthritis. And she now has gone heavier with age.    In a way, I knew I had my mother's genes and did not have to worry about my weight till 40, I know I will  begin to get the weight after 50, just like my mother. Tho I can't remember her heavy really until she was 60.  It's funny how I live my life aware of what my mother was, how she lived      -and I know my mother is living vicariously through me  ... college degree, a good 10 year career running that made me travel to Europe, my decision to retire and take care of Logan, I tell her everything as she absorbs them like it was her own.  When I had Ching for the first time and I told her   "now I know exactly how you feel about me".  And now I have Logan and I said " oh my  God, I'm just like you" Wait till you hear stories of how she handled her marriage to  my father who was 10 years older.  He was 26, but still 10 years older.........