           Random blog excerpt from masungit.net:    it's not the same . . : You know how I've said that there really is no point in trying to salvage a friendship where only one side is trying hard enough to salvage it? Well, I'm going through that again. It's just different now. I don't know if there's some hatred towards me, but it's just not the same. I wouldn't really care if we didn't hang out together so much. I guess I could try to distance myself, but we're from the same circle of friends. I don't want to confront her and ask her what her problem is with me because she's not really one of those people that can just say what she feels. She likes to beat around the bush. I know she has a problem with me -- I can see it with the way she talks to me, with the way she acts around me, with the way that she always somehow manages to exclude me from the "little groups" that are created everywhere we go. I could be just paranoid. I could just be thinking about it too much, but once again, I'm the one that it's happening to, so nobody can really understand how I feel when it happens. It's just weird. It's like junior high all over again. Back in the days when it was this other girl, me, and her. We would be hanging out at someone's house, and I'd be the odd one out . . like always. I'm getting really tired of it. I don't know what to do anymore. I don't know what to say. I don't want to say anything. I guess I'll just do what I've been doing. When it happens, I'll just get quiet because like she said, "I don't let it get to me too much." I guess some things are just more important than others.    Some people think that it will stop.&nbsp; Like when I get to high school I won't have to deal with this crap.&nbsp; And when it happens in high school, we are hopeful that when we get to college we won't have to deal with this crap.&nbsp; And then when I get out in the real world, I won't have to deal with this crap.&nbsp; It's something that one will just have to accept because it's human nature and there is no way to change that.