         The following is   Tonino's , review of the   EXCALIBUR Hotel  in Las Vegas, Nevada.  He gave his opinion after he got back from his honeymoon and one of the excalibur's cleaning member stole his new   Nikes .  Read On...    The cleaning lady STOLE my new Nikes!!!! On my HONEYMOON.  Oct 24 '03  Author's Product Rating One Star  Pros NONE  Cons They ruined my honeymoon and did'nt fix the problem right then and there.  The Bottom Line Don't stay at this or any of there sister hotels cause the cleaning lady stole my shoes from a closed suitcase.   Full Review  I was there for 5 days and 4 nights for my Honeymoon. The first day was ok. The next day they "forgot" to give us new towels. The 3rd day they left the dresser dirty and aparently opened one of the drawers next to the bed cause it was left open. The 4th day they didn't vacuum the room. The last day the cleaning lady STOLE my sneakers from a closed luggage case. I'm sorry, they disappeared I guess. So I went off about how them going through my stuff ruined my honeymoon. They told me they had to investigate. BTW, the Sat cost $145 for the night. Now I wasn't paying for that. Also, Guest Relations is closed on Sat and Sun. WOW, that just blew my mind. The front desk was not helpful at all. Never did they appologize for my problems at THERE hotel.   Well, they "found" my sneakers 2 days later. Apparently they were "turned in" to Bell area. I guess they just walked themselves there....or the cleaning ladies son doesn't wear 9 1/2.   They told me they would look into my "request" to not pay for the Sat night. Yeah sure. They call me back and say my "request was denied". DENIED??? Well that was unacceptable. I ended up talking to the Guest Relations boss and he says they are going to reimburse me for one of my days. The other days cost $55 a night. I told him again that I wasn't paying for the $145 night cause that was the day it happened. He said he had to look into it and they would send back a check to me. Discover card was already called to dispute the charge until I get a check for $145 plus taxes. Amazing. I travel all over to FL, CA, GA, MN... and never had anything stolen. They should have fixed this problem when it started and I wouldn't be writing this letter today for the world to read. DON"T STAY AT THE EXCALIBUR, OR THERE SISTER HOTELS, LUXOR, MANDELAY BAY. They own others so look them up and don't stay at those either.   PS: If you would like to give your opinion do so at   this blog  or if you want further publicity you should voice it out at   epinions.com .