         Tech Bounces Us  These days, no one can really brag about one's cell phone without mentioning what it's called by the manufacturer.  I myself own a NOKIA 8260.  Which is now out of date.  Its been replaced by the 8265.  The 3600 is the more popular upgrade.  It has an optional camera you can attach to it and it has a roundabout button set up much like the old Bell Telephones we used to have in the analog days.  From what Ching has posted she has mentioned that she owns a T300 which is made by Sony-Ericsson.  Not a bad phone in my opinion but none the less it is out of date and that P900 is looking better everyday until it will grow old as well and the Q100 will take over it...   With the technology constantly changing don't you wish we still had 2 cans with a string tied in between it?  Or if you upgraded, you would have had the two way walkie talkies from radio shack or walmart.  Mine was called the 2CW (2 Cans with Wires).  If you were good to me I would let you in my network and tie your string to my 2CW.  Then we all would camp out in grandma's back yard and chat all night.   When I was in the boyscouts, our brothers introduced us to Morse code which could conveniently be sent via walkie talkies or telegraphs that were connected with miles and miles of wiring.  We even had to learn the basic codes so that we could send secret taps in silence using eye winks and pass those silly science exams without the teacher finding out.  These days, Students still cheat and they use their highly expressionistic devices and "text" each other the answers.   Nowadays, more and more teachers request homework to be typewritten and sent via email or posted to a webserver like Blackboard.com.  Whatever happened to the usual hand written and hand given assignments?  Handwriting of children these days don't develop and we end up having teenagers and even adults that have sloppy handwriting.  In my field of business, I rely on the good handwriting.  If I interview a prospective team member.  I make sure they write legibly otherwise I don't even bother with a second interview.  If one handwriting is hard to read.  How am I suppose to understand those damn chicken scratches on the order forms.   Last summer, the entire northeast was blacked out due to an electrical malfunction.  All the network phones didn't work because the electricity was out.  I had a back up analog phone and placed it in our fax jack and voila we had a phone to communicate with.   Lately, we have had a series of viruses infiltrating our networks and slowing down the internet.  How can you possibly send a digital file for printing?  Burning it to a CD or hand delivering a print on paper.   We have come to rely on technology to help us run our world.  We have also progressed and created new technologies that hackers and viruses have plagued and brought us back to the 80's.  Lets not make them win.  Always have a back up plan and when the lights go out again.  Remember, you can always tap on the can with the wires attached and communicate your thoughts or better yet write it on paper and send it to someone.    NET