Monday, spring has sprung, and it is blowing snow!  How messed up is that?    Well, we had a tense filled weekend of course.  Tommy was very ill yesterday.  I think because it was TJ's birthday and we couldn't get him anything.  We are so broke, I had to borrow money from Daddy to go get stuff to fix Noah's toe.  He ripped the top few layers of skin off his big toe, about a quarters worth, and we didnt' have a thing to put on it.  No band aids, not antibiotic ointment, NOTHING.  The night before, TJ went outside barfoot,and cut his foot about 3 inches long, and we didnt' have anything for him either.  So I finally bit the bullet and borrowed money to get first aid stuff with.    Mom hurt Shane's feelings yesterday.  Shane is my younger brother, who is gay.  He is in a realtionship right now with Bobby,and it literally has been the best thing for him.  I don't agree with his lifestyle.  He knows it, everyone knows it, but I love my brother.  And I have never seen him so settled and so happy as he is with Bobby.  BOth of them are HIV positive, and are taking really good care of each other.    Yesterday, in front of my kids, my mom made the statement that she had 7 kids, and only 3 boys.  One of her sons thought he was a girl.  Well, my kids thought she was joking,and ran straight to Shane to tell him Nanny's joke.  Oh, it was so bad.  It really hurt his feeligns, and Bobby's.  I felt like crying when I saw their faces.  The thing is, knowing mom , it was just a joke. She is 80 years old and thinks she can say whatever she wants to say and not hurt anyone's feelings.  She would never hurt anyone intentionally, especially Shane and BObby.    Now do you see why I need this online journal?  I have so much stuff to deal with and to talk about.  This is such good therepy, I know you are probably thinking I need REAL therepy, but this will jsut have to do for a while!  I do have to say that both messages at church yesterday were good.  I really enjoyed my self.  It ahs got to where, church is the only place I can truly forget my troubles.  I can just get lost in the Holy Spirit and forget all those stumbling blocks that are trying to keep me off my path.  If only we had church 7 days a week!