After changing a few things and re-reading previous post, I realized I haven't said much about the boys.  SHAME ON ME!  I have 5 wonderful boys.  Yes, 5 of them.    Tj is the oldest, he will be 14 this Sunday.  Smart beyond his years, in more ways than one.  I grew up thinking boys were more immature than girls, but TJ isn't.  He is sooooooo mature.  Makes me very nervous.  5'11" tall, 200lbs, shaving, and doing high school work.  Sometimes talking to him is like talking to an adult.  He is very grounded for his age.  He sits in church service and actually pays attention, then wants to discuss the sermon on the way home.  Did I mention he is one great baseball player? A veyr powerful hittter, and really good pitcher.  Throws sidearm most of the time.  WOn MVP for his league the past two seasons.   He is , unfortunately he is missing the baseball season this year, our van is broke, so I can't get him there.  Casey is 12, he is 18months younger than TJ.  They are a world apart.  Casey is more hands on, he would rather be working in the yard than anything.  He has reflexes to die for and it shows on the baseball field.  Every year I have coaches begging me to let Casey be on their team.  Last year, he fell in the first practice of the year and broke his arm in two places.  Knocked him out of the whole season except for 3 games.  Then in all-stars, he fell on the last play of the last game and broke his wrist.  Same arm.  During all of this he started having heart problems.  He has suspected   Long QT syndrome  so we are having to learn how to help him.  He isn't restricted from activity though.  Which is a blessing for him.    Will is 10, typical middle child.  He is such a special boy.  Has the sweetest personality, innocent to a fault.  Where Tj and Casey are so mature, WIll is so childlike. Yes, I know he is a child, but he is just so innocent and un assuming, it is precious.  He is currently in Occupational Therepy for a learning disability he has.  He has problems getting information from his head to paper.  Ask him anything, he can answer you, tell him to write it down on paper, he freezes and can't do a thing.  He will always be my baby will.  Jamie is the 7 year old.  Where to start with Jamie, let's see people always comment on what a beautiful child he is.  And, he is.  He is also so shy, he has a hard time talking to us sometimes.  But yet, when  it is his turn to take the offering at church, and is asked to bless the offering, he always speaks up,and prays as loud as he can, and truly from the heart.  It brings tears to grown mens eyes when he prays.  Then there is Noah aka shuggie.  Because he has all the shuggies.  As the baby, he rules the roost.  And I mean rules.  He is a very loud, in your face kind of child.  But yet, has these sparkling eyes and smile that let you know he is the sweetest ball of trouble you will ever come across.  At 5 years old, he is small for his age, his 3 year old cousin is the same size as him, but he still calls her baby.  But he makes up for size in personality.  And is also a self proclaimed mama's boy.  Clings to me like glue.  Even asked permission to like a girl one day!  So there you have it, my observations of my boys.