It is a beautiful day outside, so why am I inside?  Who knows, I need to take a shower, and get some things done around the house.  But I am addicted to this machine I sit at right now.   Yesterday, somehow, Casey busted a can of paint, Noah knocked it over, and deep taupe paint went all over the place.  That isn't the bad part, the dog decided it would be fun to roll aorund in it!  That was funny.  Here he is, running thru the house, like his tail is on fire or something, covered in taupe paint.  On a pure black dog, taupe is not a good color.  He is flying from room to room, rubbing up against whatever he can trying to get the paint off.Pretty funny to watch.  So the boys had to get in the tub with him to get him cleaned off before he managed to  paint the whole house that color.     March madness starts this weekend.  The boys are already wanting me to make brackets for them to make their picks on, I told them they needed to wait until the picks were made! Sheesh, they are so impatient.  It is a yearly tradition around here for me to get the brackets ready and for us all to make our picks.  I never win.  But I love doing it.  My downfall is I am such ahuge Duke fan, I always put them to win the whole shebang.  lol.  Kind of like TJ and the Braves.  They can do no wrong according to him.  I mean they let Greg Maddox and Javy Lopez go, how smart can they be?  Maddox pitched yesterday for the Cubs, and struck out 8 in the first 3 innings.  Please, tell me, why do you get rid of a Cy Young winner that is still good?  Doesn't make good sense to me.  I am hoping to get to see the truck race today.  I love Steve Park.  I got very upset when DEI got rid of him, and then even more upset at RCR for not treating him properly.  I know he is damaged goods, but he can still drive.  He jsut needs them to all lay off him, the media needs to leave him alone, quit bugging him about his job security and let him concentrate on racing.  You can't win if you can't focus.    THe boys are all outside playing, it is sooooo gorgeous.  If the van was running, we would go to the park today.  THer eis this really cool park a couple of minutes drive from the house, at a small lake, and it is great to go sit and watch the kids play.  Especially near the water.  Very peaceful.  It is a bit more nerve wracking when you have a toddler that wants to play with the ducks. But still worth the trip.  TOmmy is doing pretty good.  Still having those dreams.  I wish those would go away.  It was a huge relief to get those bills taken care of yesterday.  I had been worried sick all week.  So to pay them, and look at the reciepts saying they were paid in full.  AHHHHHH relief......