I was over reading Renee's blog, and she was talking about my messed up family.  Poor thing, she married into this nuthouse.    My parents are in their 80's.  They had 4 natural children, then in their late 40's the adopted me, then a few years later, they adopted a little boy, then a few years later, they adopted his half brother.  So that gave them 7 children.    Out of the 7, for some unknown reason, wait I take that back, I have an opinion on the reason, that I will get into later.  ANyhow, tha majority of caring for our parents is left up to me.  Every once in a while when something happens to one of them, then the older kids go into panic mode, come in and try to take over, making decisions and such.  But then, after a few days, they go back to their lives and I am stuck with whatever changes they made.    They are too caught up in their own lives to care about the fact that their mother is taking too much medication and has to be physically put into bed, helped from room to room, can't walk with out a walker, and even then falls alot.  COnsidering the fact that she weighs about 250lbs, this is no easy feat.    They are to caught up to realize our father had a stroke a couple of months ago.  And hasn't been doing well since.  HIs blood pressure is high, even though he is on meds for it, his blood sugar is high, and he is suffering from depression.  I tell them all these things, but they still go on with their lives.    I'm not complaining really, I love my parents. They so fit to take me out of a terrible situation,a nd bring me into a loving, caring, family, and show me that you don't have to be blood related to love unconditionally.    But, I can't do it all.  I have 5 kids that I homeschool.  My husband works during the day.  Mom and dad need someone to stay nights with them.  I do about once a week, when Mom is her worst,and dadd needs sleep.  My husband gets phone calls all times of night, to come help get my mom back in bed.  She gets out of bed to go potty, or just wander around, and then can't get back into bed.  Or she falls and can't get up.  My dad can't handle her by himself, so he calls my husband.  Why my husband, because none of his sons will come help without griping. My husband never complains about his interuptted sleep.  He just gets up, goes helps, and comes back home to bed.    My dad is getting worse, soon, he won't be able to drive, probably shouldn't be driving now, but he is holding out for when my oldest gets his driver's permit next year and can drive his papaw around.  TOmmy and I try to make sure he doesn't drive at night, or in the rain, or bad weather.    I'm to the point where I know I have to do something.  Plain and simple.  I can't put them in a nursing home, it would be the last straw for them, they would die.  I have to come up with something a feasible plan that I can do.  Tommy, myself, and our boys will have to do this ourselves.  We cant' count on anything coming from the rest of my brothers and sisters.  It is a true shame.