Have you seen those new razors for women, call   Intuition? In yesterdays paper there was a coupon for a FREE one!  This this is $8.  I got it for free.  It even comes in cucumber/melon scent.  Now if I only needed to shave my legs!lol.  Our weekend went pretty good.  Tommy was in a good mood all weekend.  No signs of depression, or of him getting any worse.  He seemed to be a little better.    The race yesterday ended very badly.  It was one of those that makes me want to write   NASCAR   a letter.  It ended under caution, which frankly lasted too long.  The fans at the track were very upset, throwing their beer cans and water bottles all over the place.  So it wasnt' just me and my opinion.  I am a   Dale Jr.   fan, so I was of course upset that he didnt' win.  They have got to do something about the restting the field when the flag waves.  Most of the time, the drivers can't see the flag, so they have to go by the lights, well, when junya passed the lights closest to him, he was in front of Gordan,and the lights weren't on.  But somehow,the officials put him in second.  HMMMMMM, I don't se how the 24 bunch could be happy about that win, yes, I know he gets all the money, but still who wants to win under those circumstances.  I mean restart the race and let them have a one lap shoot out.  I know it can be dangerous, but it was Talledega, just getting in a car at Talledega is dangerous.    Ok, off my NASCAR soapbox now.  If you didn't know, I watch almost all sports with my men.  Being the only female in the house, it is a good thing I like sports.  NASCAR and baseball are my favorites.  The only thing I don't like, is NBA basketball.  I can't stand it.  Honestly, can't stand it.    Before I got married and had so many boys, I used to love those lifetime movies, now, I skip over th elifetime channel!  I lost my sappiness. Probably because I am an easy crier.  Yes, I cry at anything, and everything, those old phone commercials would kill me.  Now, I cry at the end of cartoon movies.  I cried at the end of Cheaper by the Dozen.  I cry every time I watch How To Lose a Guy in 10 Days.  I still cry when soemone mentions Dale Earnhardt Sr.  I was his hugest fan, and will cry if you start talking about him.    SO, I don't watch sappy movies.  I can't,  I have to have some dignity in this house.  So, I watch sports.  I don't usually cry at sports.  Although I did cry when   Phil Mickelson  won the Masters.  BUt then so did most everyone else.  He deserved it, many years ago.