I am about to break into my favorite Ben and Jerry's ice cream, Dublin Mudslide.  MMMMMMMMM.  I just watched the headlines of the local news.  The top story was about some people from a church I thinkin Kansas that came to our sity to protest at 5 different churches against homosexuality.    First let me say two things, I do not agree with the gay lifestyle.  I do believe it is sin.    Second, I don't judge anyone living a gay lifestyle.  My brother is gay, living with his partner, for over a year now.  Both of them are HIV positive, and they take very good care of each other.  In fact, Bobby has been the best thing for my brother.  He has really made him grow up and see that the world doesn't owe him anything.  That it is his job to make the world a better place.  Shane knows that I don't agree with his lifestyle choice, but he also knows that I love him very much. He is my younger brother.  No matter what he does, nothing can change the fact that I love him.  NOthing.    That is how I feel God is towards us.  He loves us. period.  NO matter what we do, no matter how we sin, from the tiniest white lie, to adultry, to murder.  They are all the same size in God's eyes.  And it doesn't change one bit of his love for us.  He loves us, not our sin, he hates our sin, but he loves us.    Think of your child, when it is small, say a 3 year old.  You have a 3 year old that knows not to play in your make up, but she does anywhere, and she gets your foundation all over the brand new carpet, paints her finger nails on yournew comforter and ruins it.  DO you hate her for it???? I think not.  You may not like what she has done, but you don't hate her for it, you don't shun her for ever for it.  You lovingly rebuke her, let her know she has done wrong and then, give her a little hug, just to let her know you will always love her no matter what.  That is how God is with ALL of us.  That is the point those people who are standing outside of these 5 churches are missing.  You can yell at someone and tell them how wrong they are, that they are going to hell, and expect to change their minds.  All you are doing is showing them what they don't want.  And by doing this, you drive them further and further away from God.  Away from knowing a true, unconditional love from their Father in Heaven.    I wish those protesters could see this.  I wish they could see the damage they are doing.  I wish they could see how repulsive it is to see a 7 year old yelling at people telling them they are going to hell.  7 years old.    My kids know their uncle Shane likes boys.  That is all they really know.  Except for my oldest who knows more.  But my younger ones, don't grasp the jest of his relationship with Bobby.  They still tease him about getting married and having kids for them to play with.  They are innocent.  Innocent and they love their uncle Shane.  He loves them back.  Just like God.