Happy Birthday Jamie!!!!! Today is my son Jamie's 8th birthday.  He is so excited.  Right now he has a couple of friends down to play, and this evening we are oing up to my parents house for supper and cake & ice cream.  It is some what of a tradition.  Every birthday, we eat at papaw's house.    Jamie was by far my easiest birth.  He was the least painful, the simplest pregnancy, he breast fed the easiest.  His was also the shortest labor.    I went into labor around midnight.  After eating Pizza for supper.  I highly recommend eating pizza when you want to go into labor.  We went to the hospital, quickly because I had dreamed 3 times I had him in the car.  NOt normally superstitious, but between me and the doctor, we wanted to be safe.    I called Tammy, and Linda, Linda is a very close friend of the family, she was never able to have kids of her own, so I asked her to come into the delivery room with us.    Around 5am ,we realized we had forgotten the camcorder at home.  So Tammy and Linda went back to get it.  At 7 am, my doctor came in, and told me she was going off call, and another doc was coming in.  The doc coming in and I did not have a good relationship, in fact, I couldn't stand him.  So I told Dr.  Scott that the other doc was not delivering my baby.  Since I was only4 cm, it didnt' seem possible to have the baby before 8am.  At 7:30, Dr. Scott came in to check me one more time before leaving, and guess what????? I was 10 cm, and crowning.  Whoohoo, so, in her street clothes, with no protective stuff, she started delivering my baby, After two pushes, and 10 mnutes later, I was holding Jamies Edward Rogers, weighing in at 8lbs, 0oz, and 20 inches long.    A few minutes after the birth, Dr. Hill came in and remarked that I was sure serious when I said he wasn't delivering the baby.  I told him he got that right.  He laughed, the feeling was mutual.  We had problems the entire pregnancy, he didnt' think I should be having another child, so he made it well known.  He was happy that my baby was healthy and another boy though.   I have to say, Jamie's birth was amazing, it made me want another child right then.  I was ready to get pregnant all over again. This coming from a woman who had just given birth to her 4th child, all of which were boys.  lol.    Jamie is still my easiest child.  He is my shyest, most loving, and just all around a very special little boy.  He lightens my every day with his unending love.  When I need a pick me up, here he comes with one of his juice squeezing hugs.  He picks me flowers, tries to do all he can to help mom.  Tenderhearted to a fault.  So shy he stumbles even when talking to family, but yet, brave enough to pray in front of the entire church, and loud enough for all to hear.    I love you my baby Jamie.