It is raining.  We had a massive thunder storm last night.  And I do mean massive.  It kept waking me up.  It scared the dog so much he slept under the night stand in my room.  If you could see the night stand, and see the dog, you would know this was an amazing feat in itself.  lol.  I was waiting for lightening to hit the big pine trees behind my house.  Luckily it didn't.  I finally got Casey an appointment.  He goes at 2:15.  I am not very happy with these doctors.  I had to call back this morning, and they still didn't have him scheduled.  His elbow has been hurting him pretty bad.  I know it is because it isn't in the right position.    Does anyone know any cure alls for a tooth ache?  I have been putting peppermint oil on it, and it helps for a while.  I think it has abcessed.  Which isnt' a good thing.  It needs to be cut out, but we just can't afford it right now.  So I am trying to tough it out for a little while.  I tried to get in witht he doc myself today to get some antibiotics, but no luck.  I will try again tomorrow.  We rented Duplex last night.  It wasn't worth it.  I didn't laugh once.  Tommy actually got up and left the room.  It just wasn't funny.  I wanted Cheaper by the dozen, but they didn't have any copies available.   My brother, the snobby one, has a washer for me.  Shock of all shock, he OFFERED it to me.  Of course we were sitting in our parents living room at the time.  But he did offer.  It doesn't have any knobs.  But it works.  It also has a matching dryer.  Whoo hoo.  Now I jsut have to get a truck to go pick them up.  This brother is very well off, he could by me a new set and have them delivered if he chose too, but he won't choose to.  He wouldn't even feel it if he did.  I mean he bought his granddaughter a miniature Yorkshire Terrier recently.  Do you have any idea how much those things cost???????? They are very, very expensive.  SO a washer,dryer for his youngest sister wouldn't even phase him.  But at least he is giving me the old set that is sitting in the storage building.  (see I really am an optimist)  I actually had the best, most animated conversation with him yesterday than I have ever had in my life.  It was quite shocking, he was laughing, talking to me, even picking on TJ.  I was in total shock, I'm surprised they didn't have to hospitalize me for my shock!lol. Renee, you know I'm telling the truth.  This brother has honestly, ignored me my entire life.  Not jsut here and there, my ENITRE life.  His missed my wedding by a day, then didn't meet my husband until a year later.  Same thing with my kids.  THen just looked at them and said.  Yep.  and left.  He is one strange man.    I guess every family has their weirdos, mine is just a family of all weirdos!lol.  Except for me of course.  Ask Renee, I am the only relatively sane one there is.  ha,ha.