Well,  it is 12:08 am, and Casey has a broken right elbow.  IT took us forever to get thru the ER.  THey were packed.  I mean packed.  We were there for over 5 hours.  I am exhausted.  THe  funny (or not) thing is, Just over a year ago, Casey broke his left elbow in the exact same spot.  It is in the growth plate.  Which in growing bones is a tricky break to have.  It has to be treated very carefully.  So, here we go again.  to go on with the Easter story, we all enjoyed ourselves.  I was having a really not so good day.  Tommy's new baby niece was there, she is 5.5 months old.  And it was the first time we had seen her.  I had a major attack of baby blues.  Huge.  Everybody knows how I feel about babies.  THey were all expecting me to latch on to Afton and not let them near her.  She is a beautiful baby.  Red hair, light blue eyes, and full of life.  SO here I am, playing with her, willing the tears back.  Finally, I went into the house alone and just stood in there for a while to compose myself.  I guess it was noticable, Tommy asked me what was wrong, I told him, so he sat on the couch with me for a bit, I laid my head in his lap for a minute.  THen Lori came in, she told me I better perk up, then we talked for a few minutes.  She didn't realize I fought baby blues so bad.  I mean that is the original reason I had to go on anti depressants.  See, almost 4 years ago, my health was lousy, and the doctors advised me not to get pregnant again.  My family was against us having more kids, Tommy was scared he would lose me.  So I had my tubes tied.  The worst mistake I have ever made in my life.  We sat in the pre op room, bawling, both of us because we didn't want to do it.  THey had to sedate me before surgery because I was so distraught.  I did not want to do this.  But, I did.  Now, all this time later, I deal with the yearning for another child regularly.  I finally went tohe doc and got some "happy pills" because I was getting to the point I would look at a baby, in a magazine even, and bawll.   So seeing Afton hit me hard today.  BUt, I perked up, got over it, and enjoyed myself until Casey broke his elbow.    But we did enjoy ourselves.  For once Tommy wasn't obssessing about money.  The boys were having fun.  I was peaceful.  It was a good day.  Oh, and the Easter program at church...was literally amazing.  It was nothing but a skit, but the Holy Spirit was filling the church so much.  You could just feel it surrounding you.  Amazing.