What can I say, but, it jsut keeps getting better and better around here.  (that is dripping with sarcasm by the way)  I have had one of those busy run here and there days.  Had to take Mom to the doctor for a test, lasted 3 hours.  At least I only had NOah with me and no t all 5 boys.    We were running to late for me to take her home before picking Tommy up from work, so we went straight to his work after the doc.  Normally that isn't a bad thing.  Mom and TOmmy really like to pick on each other and enjoy each other's company.  Not today.  Tommy asked if I got all my tasks for the day accomplished, I told him no, and explained some stuff liek we got anew turn off notice, so instead of paying one bill, I paid the one that was going to be turned off.    He said something smart to me, mom heard him, so then she started talking to him about being thankful for what he has, he pretty much in these exact words told her "life sucks"  why should I be happy.  That isn't soemthing you say in front of my 80 year old mother.    SO during the 35 minute drive, they went back and forth with each other.  Her trying to get him to pray about it, or at least say he would pray about it, him telling her prayer doesnt' work for him any more, that God has forgotten him.  and so on.  By the tiem we got home, she was upset with him, he was upset with the world in general, mainly me, and my mom, and all I did was sit in the backseat not saying a word.    The bad thing is, out of my whole family, my parents are the only ones that Tommy actually gets along with.  Except for Renee and Stan.  And now, mom is upset, of course she told Dad as soon as we got home.  He was already a bit put off because all the help he has given us over the last few weeks, and Tommy hasn't told him thank you.    My parents don't understand that Tommy is in deep depression.  I mean deep.  He is slowly starting to think about going on meds.  Slowly being the key word.  SO they don't understand that he really doesn't see anything good right now.  All he sees is how bad off financially we are.    Jamie will be 8 on the 17th of this month, we arent' planning on being able to do anything for his birthday.  I will bake him a cake, but that is it.  TJ's birthday was 2 weeks ago, he didnt' get any presents either.  Noahs birthday is the end of May.  He will be 6.  SO I know that is bugging him, not being able to get the boys a birthday present.  Tj wants a $50 video game.  Jamie wants a fish tank with 22 fish in it.  lol.  Noah wants everything he sees!lol.  But there is no way, not for a while.  a long while.  The toilet broke.  NOw we have to turn it off at the cut off from the wall, or it will jst run and run all day and night.  Into the floor, out in the hall, water, water everywhere.  But at least we have a way to turn it off.    I dont' know, I am so tired of being definsive all the time, I am so tired of having to tell the boys no when they want something. I am so tired of wondering what kind of mood Tommy will be in when he gets home from work.  I am so tired of eating hamburger meat everynight for supper.  I am just tired period.