I have to get this off my chest.    I went to my parents house this evening.  My dad was walking thru his living room, and had to catch the back of a chair to hold to to keep from falling.    He still refuses to go to the doctor.  After I left their house, I stopped at my sister's house, she was on the porch, with Savannah (her granddaughter) reading the local want ads.  I told her how worried I am about our parents and asked her opinion on what we could do.  She kept wondering aloud why the paper didn't run her ad, and kept reading it the whole time we were talking.  Pretty much all the feeback I got was   1-us moving in with them, or them moving in with us just would not work.  2-she would have to rent out her single wide, and her double wide (where she lvies now) and quit qork to be able to take care of our parents.  And she really doesnt' want to lose her home to stay with our parents.    3- our other sister is the one who SHOULD be taking care of our parents as she is the one in the best position too.    This is why I don't talk to my brothers and sisters about our parents.  This what I hear.    They are all so caught up in their own lives that no one wants to take the time to pay attention to the fact that our parents arent' going to be around much longer.  THey are having a raelly hard time, and need help.  They need support.    My sis mentioned getting them a nurse thru medicare, during the day, well, they don't need one during the day.  They need one at night.  Night time is when they need the most help, not day time.  Night time is when mom rambles thru the house, not knowing what she's doing, night is when she talks to people who arent' there, night is when she sees people and tries to chase young uns.  Not daytime.  She sleeps during the day.    None of my brothers and sisters see this, they are asleep in their beds, comfy, cozy, snoring away.  My dad wont' call them when he needs help.  He knows what the reaction will be.  He refuses to call them.    I dont' know what we are going to do, but I know the time is coming very fast that we will have to do soemthing.  It will be a necessity, not a choice.