Today... has been an emotional roller coaster.  Literally.  I woke up in a good mood, fantastic really.  Then it hit.  Tommy woke up ill.  Need I say more.  THere goes my good mood.  I dealt with it fine until I left for children's choir this evening.  Then, I told Tommy bye, I love you, and got no response.  Just that cold stare.  When I speak to him and he has to reply, I get bitterness dripping from his words.  I can't handle it anymore.    I excused my self from practice, and went outside, just standing inthe shadow of the church, the one place that had always been my sanctuary, my safe place.  But tonight I didnt' feel peaceful there.  I looked up at the clear blue sky, and could see the pines swaying with the breeze.  That is how I see God move, like the pines swaying in the breeze.  I felt nudged to call Tommy, so I did.  I asked him why he didn't repspond when I told him I love him.  We talked for a bit and I told him that I can't handle the bitterness and coldness anymore.  He told me that he can't help it.  The stuff that doesn't boter me, does him.  Mainly he hates the fact that anytime we need food, we have to borrow from my parents.  That even though Jamie needs shoes, we can't buy them.  That he has paid $400 on the light bill, but yet, we got a bill int he mail yesterday saying we still owe $400.    He doesn't think those things bother me.  They do, I just know that God has promised to take care of my needs.  It may be thru my parents buying us food, but, our need it met.  I know that God is the one doing that.    I told him this, but he still can't deal with it.  We hugn up without resolving anything.    I stood there, looking at the sky, the trees, crying out to God for some answer, some sign, something, anything.  Tommy called me back.  He told me he does love me, he just can't deal with the pressure.  I literally broke down in sobs.  Right there, right then.    I couldn't go into service tonight, I was too upset.  I talked to Renee for a while about it.  She kind of knows how I feel.  We talked about how I feel deep inside my heart that it will take Tommy and I splitting up for him to see, for him to know what we have.    I sat in the nursery during service.  Praying.  Crying.  Moaning out to God.  I told him I can't do this anymore.  And I can't.  I need God's interference.  Now.  What did I get, Vacation BIble School.  Huh? Vacation BIble School is my baby, it has been for several years now.  I hadn't given it much thought this year, I have been too preoccupied.  But God reminded me. He let me know that this year, I need Vacation Bible School.  More than any other year.  I need it.    The stress on a good year, a happy year, is enough to kill a person.  somehow, I feel this year, it will be my salvation from all the ills in my life.  It will give me focus, it will make me dig in my bible, to lean on God for all things.  I need this.