I have had a really good day.  I have been in good spirits, actually in a really great mood.  Tommy asked me what in the world I was so happy about!lol.    Until a little bit ago.  I was at my parents house, and my older sister came by with her boyfriends of forever, and her granddaughter.  I will attempt to make this short.    My older sis, S, had two sons, S and M, when S was 18 months old, she let my parents adopt him.  She was too young and irresponsible to keep him  When M was 5 years old, my parents adopted him.  HE had been drug around from place to place, and had literally called dozens of men "daddy" .  Now MIchael is a daddy himself.  He has 4 step kids and one daughter Savannah, she is 3 .  Not the same Savannah as renee, this is a different one.   M's wife is a lousey mother.  Plain and simple.  Her kids, cheat,steal, talk back,are constantly in trouble at school,and are basically brats that you don't want to be around. The oldest one is 10.  If that tells you anything.  I don't know how many times Children's services have investigated them.   Today, S had her Savannah with her,  she is the most adorable looking little girl you have ever seen.  But something is missing, there is a lack of sparkle in her eyes.  She has the sadest eyes.  This child has always evoked emotion in me.  She brings out sadness, pity, but most of all anger.  I want to hurt whoever hurts her.  I only see her maybe twice a year.  At the most, but I want that child.    When she was 3 months old, her parents asked if I would babysit for the weekend.  I did, they didn't send clothes that fit her, diapers or food.  One bottle is all they sent.  I had to borrow some clothes for her from Renee.    THey ahve no problem walking off and leaving her with people.  Even if they just met.  But the thing that horrifies me the most is they are talking about letting S have her.  I have seen the two together, and while S loves her, I don't doubt that, S doens't know how to be a mother.  She doens't know how to discipline with love.  ALl I have seen is forcful, loud discipline.  This child is cowed enough, she doesn't need anymore.    The other thing is S's boyfriend was once accused of child molestation, by M and one of his friends.  That is how my parents got M to begin with.  The charges were dropped or disappeared or something, but still the accusation was there.  M doesnt' remember any of it, but I know that her boyfriend is an evil man.  I know things he has made her do, and he is evil.  I can't stand the thoughts of this child living in that house.  But I have no proof of anything.  Just gut wrenching feelings and those don't stand up in court.    I hurt for this child.  I want to raise this child, show her love and teach her that she doens't have to fight to belong in a family.  I want to teach her that God loves her no matter what .  I want to teach her  that it is ok to cry, laugh, and just be a kid.  I want to fix her hair, paint her toe nails, and just be her mom.  Why, because she looks so lonely, so scared , and so lost.