Today is a gorgeous day.  Totally and completely.    Tj and Casey are taking turns with the weedeater, going up the hollar trimming beside the road.  Casey would much rather be mowing.  He loves to mow.  Tj would much rather be inside playing the video game.  Tough.  If he could get away with it, he would be on that game 20 hours a day.  Non stop.  And still would protest when you told him to get off.  "but I just started mom" I wish Xbox put a timing mechanism inside so parents could keep track of how long kids were actually playing those things.  I watched a rerun of Dawson Creek's finale today.  It is funny, I didn't watch the show when it was actually on each week, never.  But now that it is off air and in syndication, I love it.  I am so behind the times.  Tonight is the final Friends.  Oh what will I do on Thursday nights from now on?  All I know is that Ross and Rachel had better be together at the end of this show.    Jenn asked how Tommy  came about reading my blog.  Well, He asked for the address, so I gave it to him. He had helped me with the template in the beginning, so he knew I had one.  At first, I was nervous, just because I do use this thing as a diary and an outlet for my feelings.  But I reminded him of that, and was ok.  He did find it strange that Renee reads my blog.  But then he figured I already talk to her about most of the stuff I blog anyhow.  And he is right.    Renee brought me a T shirt from the beach.  I told her now I could pretend I had went on vacation!  They went to Myrtle Beach in SC.  I have been there once.  I was 18.  me and one of my friends went, we had a blast.  That was the last vacation I went on.  long, long time ago.    Well, Son #1 will drive me nuts.  He jsut came in here wanting me to take him to the mall.  He earned $20 for mowing this week,and wants me to take him to the game store.  First, I don't have a car, so he wants me to borrow one to take him to the mall.    second I told him he needs to save $5 of it.  That is jsut 1/4 of it.  PLus he needs to pay his tithes, which would be $2.  That leaves him with $13, right, well, he doesn't want to do that.  He wants to make his own mistakes.  I told him sure, go ahead, do what youwant.  Then, when he has no money and his brother does, he will be bellyaching .    This kid thinks he is going to be making $150 a week when he turns 15 and gets his first real job.  I laughed.  Real Hard.