Do as I say, not as I do!    This is one of those things that as a 20 something, you don't think will have a relevance in your life at all, other than being a good story to tell one day.  As a parent, it takes on a whole new meaning.  I was 20 years old, riding around with a couple of male friends.  We had all run in a group for a couple of years and were the best of buds.  We stop to talk to another branch of our group, and I am introduced to the brother of the guy I am riding with.  The brother's name is Tommy.    Thru the course of the night, Tommy keeps asking me out, I keep turning him down, until this little tramp walks up to him and says "let's go parrrtyyy!" in a very drunk, very slurred voice.  "I only wanna party with you Tommy"  well, that did it.  You do not walk up to a guy I am talking to and practically rip his clothes off.  I am waiting, I am watching, Tommy turns her down.  Good boy.  Smart move.  Next time he asks me out, like 60 seconds later, I say yes.  With the threat that I know where he lives if he stands me up.  Next night, we go on our first date, to see Die Hard, the first one.  Had a great time.  Hemakes his move, I turn himdown.  He asks for another date.  Good girl, smart move.  Never give the goods first date.    We date for exactly 10 days, 10 short, but yet long days.    He has to go back to the base he is stationed at, in Las Vegas.  He was home on leave.  As he leaped off the porch of my house at 1 am, he yells "I love you" over his shoulder.  I cry for days.  Missing my love.   two weeks after he left, we agreed to get married.  Set a date.  (neither of us can remember who proposed, just that we agreed we should get married)  One month after he left, he mailed my engagement ring to me.     1 day short of 4 months after we met, we got married.  That was 15 years ago.    It was a true whirlwind.  When he came home for our wedding, I took his sister and brother in law to the airport with me to pick him up.  I had never seen him in daylight.  Only after dark.    We have had a very happy marriage, and now even though we are working thru such hard times, we are still happy.    If my sons do something like this, I will kill them.