Yep, that is my name.    Several months ago, I came to my husband and confessed that I had a few credit cards he didn't know about.  I had been thru a huge problem with my depression and all the bills were behind, we were financially in horrible shape.    It was a rough few months for us.    I screwed up again.  I didn't remember one of the cards. This morning the collections agency calls, and talks to Tommy.  He asked me about it, I still didn't remember.    After Tommy went to work, I called the number on the phone and talked to them, they reminded me of the card.  Not a good thing.  I guess I had just blacked it out or something.  I don't know what happened.  THey had been trying to call, but I won't answer the phone if I don't know who the company listed on the caller ID is.  I don't have to hang up on telemarketers that way.  So, all this time, they have been calling ,and I assumed they were just a telemarketing company.  Sheesh, I'm an idiot.  Now, I am scared.  When we went thru this a few months ago, he told me "never again" he wouldn't do this again,and I know he was on the verge of leaving me.  I am praying he doesn't leave me.  I can't handle that.    I do love him, I have been doing soooooo good the past few months.  I have been sticking to the budget he gave me, like glue.  I have been making do with what grocery money we have, and not been complaining at all.  I have even been bringing him the recipts of what I pay and spend.    I have felt so much better about myself, and everything.  And now this.  I have screwed up bigtime,and I know it.  I don't have a clue what to do.  I don't know what to say to him.    He isn't speaking to me.  At all, not a word.  Pretty much ignoring me.  I asked him if he wanted to talk about it, and he told me "you don't want to talk to me right now".  I know I have pissed him off beyond belief.    I even got most of the house clean before he got home from work this morning.  (he only had to work about an hour)  Which for me, is good.