I think...  I am having a bit of a midlife crisis, not a true mid life crisis, just a little one.   I used to be a fun girl.  Before I got married, had babies, and got all serious and ultra strict, and super conservative.    Now, I am not a strict, not as conservative, in fact boardering moderate.  But have major conflicts going on in my head about stuff.    The bad thing is, I don't know what I want.  Like with the drinking.  I find I have a great urge to have a glass of wine with my dinner.  To the me now it is ok. But to the woman I was a few years ago, it is a huge, huge no-no.  You never ever drink alcohol of any kind.  None at all.  Zip, nada zilch.  Going straight to hell if you do.    I used to be so judgemental.  I was raised that way actually.  I was raised to love every one no matter what, but that if you cussed, drank, had premarital sex, any of that stuff, you were going to hell in a handbasket.  Of course I rebelled.  My parents still think I was a virgin when I got married.  HAH!  My mom used to make me swear on a bible, when I came in after a night out, that I was indeed still pure.  Little did she know what she was making me do.  When I was 17, I could out drink all the 23 yr olds I hung out with, and was proud of it.  My parents still don't know any of this.  They know a few things, and I'm sure they suspected lots of things.  But I never confirmed anything.  The thing is, right now, I don't want to be a wild woman. I just want to enjoy life.  It literally took me years to understand and "get" that sex is fun, and I wasn't a whore if I enjoyed it.  I mean, and Tommy will kill me for this, but we have a great sex life.  I love our sex life.  I love sex.  I don't feel guilty about it now...but I used to.  It took years for me to feel comfortable with this.  Sheesh, maybe I need a therapist.  I was looking at my SIL saturday, she really does enjoy life.  She is a fun person with a fun personality.  I used to be that person.  That is part of what Tommy was attracted to.  I was this outgoing, fun loving girl.  Then, I had kids and got so stuck on being the best mom ever. I thought I had to be this "leave it to beaver" mom that never participated in the activites, just sat on the sidelines and watched.  Saturday, I didn't sit on the sidelines.  A few years ago, there would have been no way I would have got on that 4 wheeler with Tommy.  None.  Saturday, I did, and it was so freeing.  Before I would have sat on the porch, talking with the other moms, cooking food, helping clean up, watching the baby, which I did all of that stuff, but I did get on the 4x4 and ride it.  None of the other women would.  They just sat there.  I remember the days when I loved slinging mud in my friends jeep, Hitting my head on the row bar every time we took a jump.  Nearly busting out my front tooth once! I loved sitting behind my boyfriend, flying down the road in the night air on his crotch rocket, not caring about a thing in the world.  I loved hiking up into the mountains trying to get to the hidden waterfalls that are around here.  Or racing go karts with my brothers on our dirt road. I would play in pick-up football games even though I am a true non athelete and looked really bad while doing it.   I got scared when I had my babies.  I saw all the dangers of the world.  I could then see thing thru a mother's eyes and see how dangerous it is to ride a motorcycle without leathers on,or at least a pair of jeans. I saw that racing go karts on a public road in the middle of the day with cars coming at you is stupid.  I decided that being the only girl in a group of 10-12 guys going mud slinging in their 4x4 trucks doesn't exactly do a good thing for the old reputation.  Even if you weren't sleeping with any of them.   I guess these were all good things to learn, but I do miss the excitement. I miss the fun of playing games.  I need to find the fine line between good and bad.  Anybody know where that is?  Where does a former fun girl turned stiff mom go to to find the middle ground?