Saturdays, don't ya just love them????  Sleeping in, rambling thru the day, doing whatever you want, no set time to be anywhere, just getting this and that accomplished, or not.    I have been reading alot of blogs lately.  Lots of blogs.  And I can't really catagorize mine, compared to others.    Some relate daily activites, some tell about past experiences, and some are political blogs.  Oh, and we can't forget those, ahem, "adult" blogs.    Where do I fit?  I'm not sure, but i sure do enjoy reading all the different types of blogs.       Jack , asked a question that has me thinking, What dream do you have?  The only dream I can every recall having was to grow up, get married and have lots of kids.  While most people qualify 5 as lots, I don't, I want more, at least 6-8, I would love an even dozen.    I can't help but feel like I have more children out there, waiting for me to find them.  I know that sounds strange, but I just don't feel finished being mom.  YOu know how when you are out with your kids, and one of them goes down the wrong aisle, and you are looking for them?  That is how I feel, day and night, in a crowd, or alone, I always feel like I am looking for my lost child.    I am one of the lucky ones, I have never miscarried, never lost a child in any way. So 4 years ago, on June 23, I had my tubes tied.  Many things were going on in my life, and I made an emotional decision, not a very well thought out decision.    TOmmy was concerned about my health, and the thought of us losing a child, or miscarrying one, killed him, he knew he couldn't deal with it, and I probably wouldn't be able to deal with it either.  So, he took me to the outpatient surgery to have the tubal done.  We sat in the prep room, bawling our eyes out because neither one of us was ready to close this chapter of our lives.  They took me back to the pre-op room, and I was alone bawling my eyes out, the nurses had to sedate me before they could even prep me for surgery, I was that upset.    Part of me has cried ever since.  I can't look at a baby without tearing up.  The jealousy of women who are pregnant has went way down, I used to get so angry at anyone who was having a baby.    I know this all sounds so selfish, I know I should feel blessed (and I do) because I have 5 healthy children.  I know I am lucky to have never experienced the heart break of losing a child.  I know all these things.  But I also know the hole that is in my heart, the one that is set aside for the child or children I haven't had.    The doctors who did my surgery never mentioned the feelings I would feel after.  They never mentioned I would suffer such a deep depression that I wouldn't be able to shake with out medications.  They didn't tell me the physical effects I would  have to deal with. No one did.  I do much better now, for the first 2-3 years, it was bad.  I was bad.  I couldn't talk to friends that were having babies. I would run away in tears.  I have left the grocery store many times because there were to many babies inside.  Now, I can deal much better.  Most of the time, I can actually feel joy when a friend tells me she is expecting.  I can hold a baby now and not soak its face with my tears.    I am making progress, hopefully by the time I am a grandmother, I will be all better, and can send my grandbabies home with their daddy's and sit down and think "phew, I'm so glad they went home" .