i jsut go thome after a VERY long day.  I left at 8:30am, and now it is almost 8pm.  Just running errands all day long.  Paying bills, stuff like that.    I get home and Jamie has found two new friends.  Benjamin and Nickolaus.  They live in the mansion behind my parents house.  Believe me, it is a mansion.  Marble floors and counter tops in Kitchen and all 5 bath rooms.  I have no clue how many bedrooms or anything else it has, but I do know it was close to half million at one point on the market.  So it is huge and beautiful.    The boys had met a couple of days ago, and tonight, they came down to our house, and their parents came down also.  The parents went and got a pizza for the boys to eat.  THey seem really nice.  The boys are really polite and nice, unfortunatley they came in my house and wandered around.  NOt a good thing.  My house is literally falling apart at the seams.  No joke.  THis house is over 50 years old and it shows.  Ther eis so much repair work to be done.  But  you know the strange thing, without ever meeting me, they let their kdis come down to my house.  Turns out, I went to school with the dad, but we didn't know each other at all.  I mean never said one word to each other.  He is a professer at the local university now.  Talk about intimidating.    I went to pay the bills, and one of them, where I had bounced checks too, I was going to pick up the fees for two of the  checks.  THe checks had been reprocessed thru, so the amounts were already taken care of.  I just owed the $25 return check fee.  Well I get to customer service, given them the info,and they tell me it will be an exta $13 to send off the payment.  The send it western union.  Please, I told them to forget it,a nd I would send it to the main office myself.  IT is bad enough that I had to pick up the fees, they put the checks back thru a second time without my knowledge, they caused a bunch other checks to bounce, now they want me to pay the western union fee for them to send the payment to their own main office. ARRRGGGHHHHH.  I am trying, hoping, praying to find a way to get to go with Renee when Savannah has her transplant done. I have to be there.  For Renee, Stan, Savannah, EJ, but for me also.  So help me pray about it.  I also am looking for an online bible study, like a book maybe by Beth MOore, Elizabeth George, or someone else.  I would love to have one of those to participate in.    Oh, I found out that my dad did have a stroke a couple of months ago when we thought he did.  He refused to go to the doctor, and when he finally did, they did some blood work,and called him back in to ask him questions about it.  THey told him he had a stroke at some point recently, they just needed to pinpoint when.  Now he is scared he is going to lose his driver's license.  He is almost 84 years old, acts like a 60 year old, still pastor's a church, preaches every sunday, does all the shopping, and cares for my mom, who is basically house bound.  SO he is a very lively man, it will kill him to lose his driving ability.    I need to go watch some basketball.  GOt to check and see who got the pole for the race SUnday, they are at Bristol, which is only and hour away from us.  I love race weekend, just wish I were at the track!