Thanks to   Jenn , I remembered that Tommy's tag on his car was expired, as well as the inspection sticker.  So today was my day to get those thing taken care of.    First stop, the tag office, where I wait in line for over 30 minutes, without any type of paper,or anything for identification.  Luckily, Tommy's driver's license number is on our checks, so  I gave them that.  Then the nice lady behind the desk asks me for my tax bill reciept.  They need to know positively that I have paid the property taxes on the car.  I ask how do I get on of those.  She sends me to the county court house.  I go down town where you have to pay for everywhere you park, searching for a parking spot that won't make me walk a mile to the courthouse.  I find one right smack in front of the court house.  What luck.  Walk to the front door, only to read a sign telling me I have to enter at the side entrance.  Sheesh.  I go there, empty my pockets on the little tray, send my purse thru the xray thingy and sendmy poor little boys thru their first metal detector.  I think Noah was terrified.  Finally find the tax collector's office, wait in line again, only to be told we never paid the taxes on Tommy's car.    Get those paid, go back to the DMV, stand in line again, get the tag, then go to the auto shop to have the car inspected and the oil changed.  It is burning hot outside, so I decided to walk down the road with the 3 boys I have with me, and sit in Burger King with a nice cold coke, and work on my menu for the month while they work on the car.  It was so nice to sit and relax in air conditioning.  Tommy's car doens't have air conditioning.  Neither does my van, but hey, it doesnt' run anyhow, so who cares.  Go back to the shop, all nice and relaxed, and see they didn't inspect the car.  By now, I am starting to get a bit miffed.  So I go in, all ready to yell, stomp and snort, and ask just exactly why they didn't inspect is like I had asked.  IT DIDN'T PASS INSPECTION.  AAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH.    Something about the muffler was wrong, so they wouldn't pass it.  Now this same shop, passed my van.  Let me tell you a bit about my van:  1-no rearview mirror 2-no side mirrors 3-front glass is busted 5-no turn signals 6-no brake lights  and it passed inspection.  The muffler either has a hole in it, or is hooked up wrong, and they won't inspect it.  My van is barely holding it together, and it passes.    Calgon, take me away....