I was MS. Insomniac last night.  at 5am, I was still wide awake.  Sheesh.  The night's sleep did nothing but change the tone of voice for oldest son.  He has bugged me to death to take him to the game store.  I'm sorry, but I'm not taking him.  I have better things to do than to drive 20 minutes, walk thru a very boring mall, (yes, we have a boring mall here) and then wait for over an hour while he reads every single game in the store, only to decide they don't have the exact year, or version of the game he wants.      ON ANOTHER NOTE    I am a huge admirer of Lance Armstrong.    He has overcome huge physical problesm  to go on to win 5   Tour De France's /  then the fact he is dating my   absolute favorite female singer , well, that throws another good vibe from me his way.  Needless to say, I bore my kids senseless every day, watching the Tour live.  They hate bicycling.  But love Lance.  He used to train in our area.  Literally.  In fact, I almost ran over him going to church one morning.  Yes, I almost ran over Lance Armstrong.  Do you know how bad I woud have punished myself for that?  Do you know how bad most of america and europe's cycling world would have punished me for that.  I can see my face on the Enquirer now.  YOu know the one, where I am running, hair flopping in the wind, and a photographer steps in my way, my eyes go wide, my hair is shocked by the sudden stop and doesn't know which way to go, my jaw drops to my chest with a "what the....." look on my face.  Very flattering.    I was going to church, late as usual, and go flying around acurve, when all of the sudden, there wer these cyclists in the road.  Not actually inteh road, but on the side of the road just enough that my car wouldn't go by.  So, I look and they are wearing USPS uniforms.  I think nothing of it, go on to church.  After getting home, the boys are telling dad of the excitement, and he says, "you could have hit Lance"  He's here, it was just on the news.  Welllllllll, stupid me, if I had know that before, I would have pulled along side, stuck a papaer and pen out the window and politely asked for an autograph, all while groveling for his forgiveness for scaring the poopie out of him.  I doubt I would have got my autograph.