          A moment of silence for Kate   ....    Katherine Hepburn ,   dead at 96 . World mourns.  Kudos to you  Katie ! You were an inspiration, a goddess and an ass-kicking chick at a time when it didn't exactly pay to be different. Rest in Peace. You rock!    Well, it would appear that our little  Angel  became a man last night! We are just sooo proud. I don't have all the details yet because  someone  has yet to call me (probably still all snuggled up cute mongst the  sweat-stained "love-sheets" ) {heart}.... yay! Good going! Nicely done and all that. And, also, while I'm on the subject and because  someone asked , the  background  on the  two boys  who are rather suddenly in my life is as follows:  A long time ago when I was a tweenie living in  Albu-turkey, New Mexico  (yes, we have the same money) we lived in a house in the  Heights  (which, for those of you  not  from ABQ, is where the  upper-middle class  folks lived. We lasted about two years before moving to the  South Valley  where the  hair was bigger  and everybody had  a pool in their backyard ; it was called the  Rio Grande !)  Anyway, I was friends with  two sisters  who lived across the street from me (they had a  Barbie townhouse  and  two  parents. I was a bit put off by the sheer excess of this arrangement but live and let live, I say.) These sisters and I spent a whole lot of time running away from their  bratty, snot-nosed, little brother  who was, I think,  3 or 4 years old  and  who spent  all his time  trying to put his  filthy, grubby  little kid hands  all over  our stuff. Long story short, we moved. I lost track of the sisters.   About a year ago my mom ran into one of them and mentioned that I was a big  rock star/web designer/ theatre critic/ doing Something-with-computers  out here in  Cali  and passed along my digits. Fast forward to three or four months ago, I'm minding my own biz-ness when suddenly, from out-of-the-blue, as they like to say, these two 20-somethings sashay into my life armed only with  skateboards  and  scraps of paper  with some kind of mostly illegible writing on them. I'm the only one they could track down (Yay, me!) so it has since become my  joy  and my  burden  to  shepard these youth  as they traverse the  modern Gomorrah , making sure that they bypass  actual harm  while still managing to have as much fun as is humanly possible and to get laid a lot!  Now, those of you  paying attention  might by now have put two and two together (like i  finally  did last night) and come up with the fact that  technically , by screwing around with  Dirty Boy  I am messing with   my friend's little brother   which is not just wrong, it's  gross . And, I gotta say, I'm right there with ya. It took me a  minute to get there (I'm telling you,  all the drugs  are just beginning to kick in) but, rest assurex, I'm there. As far as I'm concerned this is just a big ole  slippery slope  and if I don't  nip it in the bud  now it's only a matter of time before a 20 year old  Boo  is screaming at me to leave her friends alone! {Shudder} K. No more of that. From this day forth I am a socially responsible, upstanding, dating- within -my-generation citizen. Promise.