          to Camp or not to Camp   This morning's dilema is as follows:  I've been invited to go on a camping trip that involves canoeing to get the the campsite location. This is an organized trip and there is only one adult spot left. I can bring  Boo  though. The trip is four days long and relatively inexpensive.    plus-side:    I love camping  I've been needing a break for awhile now. If i don't get into a different head-space soon I will go insane   Chunk of time with  Boo ! Yay!  I won't be able to do alone stuff with  Boo  very much after the new kid gets here so the timing on this is good    potential down-sides:    the canoeing part seems a bit sketchy. If it was just me I'd be fine but what if something (God, forbid) happens to the  Boo  and I need to get her the hell out of there? How quickly can we find help if we need it?   Boo  is a city kid. She's gone camping before but not for extended periods of time and usually there's a Winnebago involved. I could see this being fun for her for two days but  four ...?  I only know  one  of the people who will be going on the trip. What if the others are health-freaks or way into R&B or nudists or something?  I will be expected to  cook a meal  for these people. (Hope they like noodles and gravy...)  What if it rains?  Hmmmmm. Well, I'm going to be thinking about it all day so if anyone has any input feel free to comment.    In other news, I was cleaning last night and I found a photo album that my  Dad  gave me after my  Gramma  (his mom) died. I'd already glanced through it once but what I didn't realize was that each little slot actually has pictures on top of other pictures! There were like 50 pictures I hadn't seen! The best one is of my  Big Brother  around age four sitting in the dark. All you can see are these  red cowboy boots  and some  skinny legs . On the back my  G-ma  wrote "Van's favorite picture". I can't decide if I should send it to him now or wait until he's lecturing his daughters about some style matter then whip it out....