          week-end part one   Now this is bliss  - went to  Summertime in the park  with  Mr. Lovah Lovah  et al. Fabulous time, fabulous weather, much fun was had by all (In a very low-key kind of way.) How beautiful is  Miss K .?? I'm tellin' ya,  M-Love  needs to stay on his damn toes with that one. I mean, it'd be slightly more fair if she was dumb or something but super cute  and  super  nice??! I ask you! The fabulous  Miss S . was looking super-fine as well. Very much with the dressed to represent (Vancouver in da house, yo!) and the hair going flip and the pretty green eyes. Man, if this is what the gals from up north are looking like these days I needs to move out! Especially now that it's legal to be gay up there.      "This is not a question of being nice. This is not a question of being a Liberal. This is a question of equality, of giving a people of a different orientation the same rights that I enjoy''     I'm going to use that in a dinner conversation at some point. "this is  not  a question of being nice...!" (Of course, I'll pretend i made it up, I mean, what's the point of being an American if you can't usurp a good quote from the 'Nucks?)    The  kid  and I had a fabulous time all week-end. The  CP  was being all accomodating 'n sheet so I got to have  Miss Boo  all day Sundee as well (that's right folks,  four days straight !) I cannot even begin to tell you how cool it is to look at your kid first thing Sat. morning and not immediately think about the 2 hour date you have with the bridge and the drop-off and the going home alone thing scheduled for later that day. I am happy.   Things I like about the new schedule:   Nice solid chunk of time to just freaking hang out with the kid  Saturdays and Sundays with  Boo  exploring the world  Knowing if  Boo  actually ate the lunch you made that morning   (This is  huge , BTW; that kid never eats but I had no idea the extent to which she doesn't eat. Friday she came home with one uneaten sandwhich, half a carton of milk, most of an apple and a full bag of carrots. which leads us to the fact that  Miss Boo  managed to subsist an entire day on a small bag of cheese nips and some pirate booty. Concerning but good to know.)    Getting to wind down together after we've been out and about all day. Sitting on the couch staring at the TV which none of us has the energy to get up and turn on -- priceless!   Things I do not like about the new schedule:   I do not get to see my kid for  three whole days !!!!!!     In other news  - some guy got shot right next to my house. Now, I know this sounds very weird but I don't feel all that weirded out by it. I mean, I live in  Oakland  - people get shot.   The fact that it was  right next door  makes me slightly concerned about retaliatory violence and all of that but really, in the grand scheme of things, this shooting was very directed. The shooters rolled up on this guy, some girl he was with started screaming, they shot him and left. I guess what I'm trying to say here is that they didn't shoot randomly into the crowd, they weren't just bored and out looking for someone to kill and there hasn't been anything like that in my neighborhood in the three years since I've lived there.   I dunno, I still feel relatively safe. I mean, of course i'm going to be a bit more on the look-out and of course I'm going to try to plan to keep my kid as away from what I perceive as unsafe situations as much as possible, but really, given what I can afford and what I need to do, my current set-up housewise is pretty much it (good-size, relatively secluded, safe, beautiful and, for the first time ever, relatively free of awful landlordness) I don't want to move... I bring all this up because my    front neighbor   was pretty freaked out and it got me to wondering if perhaps I was not quite freaked out enough. She actually saw/heard it happening so I'm sure it must have been a more visceral experience for her. I feel bad for her having to witness that. I feel bad for the person who died and for that person's family and kids and parents and friends. I feel bad but at the same time I don't personally feel any more threatened.  CP  was a champ about the whole thing though, cause I have to say part of what I was dreading most was having to justify living where I want to live to the kid's other mom.     So, yesterday the kid and I have the following out-of-the-blue conversation:   Boo:  Mom, what do you want most in the world -- besides me [interesting that she can read my mind enough to know my initial answer]  Me:  Um, a baby sister for you.  Boo:  K., I'll make you a deal. You want a little sister right? If I get you a baby sister, soonish, you have to get me a cell phone.  Me:  What's "soonish"? Like in the next month?  Boo:  Yeah. In the next month.  Me:  Deal.  Boo:  Deal. Shake.  I do not  even  know where this came from but I do know that if we get a placement in the next month, hand-to-god, my five-year-old's gonna be sportin' a pink Nokia!