          Oh, the humanity!  The lovefest last night was not to be believed! The hugs, the laughter, the sheer unadulterated  bliss  of it all (a tear or two may even have been shed...!) I'm telling you, people, you do not know what joy is until you pick up your kid after not seeing her for  three whole days !! The world is once again a shiny happy place.  Boo  loves her room by the way. I know this because she said " Mommy, I love it !!" Seriously, who needs hard drugs when you've got a perfect kid around??    I was thinking today (on the train, as i left  Boo's  camp where I will go  tonight  to pick her up!) about boys. I was wondering what it is that makes them so vulnerable seeming (at least to me) all the time. Even the assholes seem as though they're covering up for some need to just get snuggly with somebody. I know, I'm sounding all girly but I'm not talking about that kind of snuggly. Believe you me, I am the  first  to try to wriggle away when a situation starts getting all " let's just hold each other... " but there is definitly something to be said for the fact that I know of at least three people who I could just go have a total breakdown in front of and (while they may take photos for later use) they're not going to think anything but how to make me feel better. A kiss, a hug, a hair ruffle, maybe a well-placed kick in the behind, and I'm ready to get back up on that damn horse. Do boys have support systems like that? I'm not one for generalizations (Ha!) but it seems to me that part of the problem is that everyone goes all squirmy wierd when a boy has trouble keeping it all together (at least in this culture, amoung the gents I see - o.k. now I've gone and ruined what could have been a kick-ass declarative statement by puting a bunch of contextualizers on it! Damn grad school, what have you done to me??!) I dunno though. Maybe it's just me puting my girly filter on a social situation I just don't understand. Hmmmm.    So, I'm on the train today and I notice that it's full of the best smelling people I think I've ever been around. Really good, homey smells, not all tarted up like the  38 Geary  or Uber Egg-span-seeve/BodyShop Like the  1 California , just nice, soapy clean. There's a boy here at work who smells like that. whenever he stops by to chat, all fresh and pressed I think "Wow, how is it possible that you're always so very clean?" (Sometimes I think it in a slightly mean way but that's only because I've just noticed some bizzare stain on what  looked  like an acceptably clean, work-appropriate shirt  after  i've already arrived at work and have been hobnobbing for the better part of an hour.  Boss #3  generally looks all pulled-together as well but in a different way. Like he thinks about it. well maybe not like he thinks about it  alot  or on a daily basis but like he knows what looks good on him and strives for that when out shopping.  Tony  (gonna call him Tony cause he's all "toney, toney" n' shit) just looks like everything he owns happens to be clean and free of holes. Interesting.