          So how was *your* weekend?   My goodness, my week-end was freaking  packed  with things and people to do and see! To begin, I spent the day at the Play-parenting workshop at   Mocha  which i had fairly high expectations of but which quickly (and i suppose predictably) dissolved into every other "meet n' greet" the world of the "aware gay" has ever produced.  What  is it with us gay people and our need to devulge our entire life stories when asked for a simple " Tell us your name and something about yourself "?? throw in " Where you are in the process " and/or " some of your experiences with your child " and it's all over but the singing as they say. Still though, it was not a total loss. The time we were all together (with the kids) was nice. Although, I have to say, for a place that's supposedly all about  children's art  the "mural painting" time was alot more " directed " than I had anticipated it would be. Here's me thinking that since this was a  kid  produced product then maybe the  kids  could choose what it should look like/how it should be colored but apparently what the  Directress  meant by "kid-produced" was that " I tell you what to paint and you [the child] paint it. That is unless you're to small to paint within the lines at which point I'll ask you to move 'outside the space' so another, more controlled child can realize my vision."  I did get a cool   book  though and the  Scout  seemed to have a good time so, it all turned out fine. (Ha! while i was looking for a link to the parenting book I came across this   one  which leads us to our next topic...     so, on my way out of the  Mocha  gig with my fifty-three children in tow, I hear my name being called and lo and behold there are  three cute young dykes  smiling largely at me and I have no idea who they are! Isn't that great! They don't call me  Chick Magnet  for nothing! anyway, I am pathetic and I suck and apparently i've met them all before and they're talking as if I remember and I'm hemming and hawing and have two squirmy babies who've just been buckled in so i throw around a few business cards and plead with them all to  please  "stay in touch," so we can "hang out" and it isn't until they've smiled and hugged off on thier merry way that I finally ( finally ) remember who the hell they are/were.  Ole Blue Eyes  was the current of the  Aussie  ,  CP 's Ex one removed from me, if that makes any sense. The  Aussie  has since returned to her native clime but I gather they (she and  Blue Eyes )still correspond.  Hip Young Thing  I met one afternoon at  CP's  whilst she was shooting one of her many films and the other,  Serious AIDS Ride Girl  I met in the company of one or the other of them a few months earlier. Why am I so lame? Second, why, whenever I meet gals of the lesbian persuation, these days, do I instantly think "I bet they'd really like  T " How tortured and guilty am I that I'm  still  trying to fix her up with someone who won't trash her heart?? Whatever.  No ladies for me, thank you very much. I am all about the babies....     Segue #2 - Speaking of which, I also found out at the get-together that the big matching meeting I was being depressed about because I hadn't heard from anybody at the agency isn't happening until this coming Wed. Fingers once again crossed, world, let's make this happen! In a fit of  something  I spent all day yesterday making  Scout's  room into a duo-kid space. I'm actually pretty excited with how it turned out although I spent  way  too much money at   IKEA  (that place is frightening, yet, still I continue to go...)  I'm soooo ready to just have that darn kid. sigh. I'm sure a huge part of it has to do with me being over work and having nothing else that really excites me about my current life (except for  Scout . She always excites me. I can't think about her right now though because we're starting  the new schedule  and I already miss her and I'm not  scheduled  to see her until Thursday evening! I think I'm going to try to worm my way into their evening tonight. P'raps dinner... hmmmmm......)  Anyway, that was the week-end. Let me know how yours went (use the "talk-to-me" link at right) and I'll post it here for the world's perusal.