          Ex-Gay?  Spent the week-end being  out  and  proud . Well, kind of proud, mostly just  out . First  me  and  Boo  went  old school on the Volvo  (not sure why it didn't occur to me that we could always just drag out a  hose  and a  bucket of suds  and spend as many hours as we wanted scrubbing in the sun  last  week-end but hey, I don't get paid to  think ...!) Anyways, by the end of our washing experience we were both  very wet  and  very silly  and it didn't cost a damn thing! take that, Carwash Man!!   Then,  feeling like we got away with something ,  me  and  Boo  went to the  Dyke March  to meet up with the  CP  and eventually with the  Miss Bee/Ms.B  contingent. Even ran into the  Best Friend  and her  fabulous Entourage  toward the end of the eve which was unexpected and therefore even  more  special.   Today [Sundee], dropped the kid off with  CP   then, having been ditched  again  by  Emerson  (who, as he  is trying to get his life together , is officially excused) wandered around the  Civic Center  with the rest of the out and proud listening to country music and trying not to buy  some really cool surgical steel jewelry  which would have necessitated a piercing in places that have  suffered enough abuse . Instead i got a  very fancy pinky ring  which sports the single word that pretty much sums up  everything I hope to become . [as an aside, and for the record, when I mentioned the  new ring  to  Dirty Boy  his response was " what's it say:  'F*cked'?! " It  actually  says " Princess " thank you very much!  DB = prick ]     Notwithstanding the snottiness, and  having nothing better to do with my life , I ended up going over to  Chez DB  where we sat on the couch and watched   Snatch  on his big screen. Oh, and I  may  have tried to kiss the bastard. For the continuing record, he wouldn't let me  but get this ...   { *alert*  the following may very well be " too much information " for some of you readers out there who think of me as the  sister  you  never had . If descriptions of PG-13  humiliation  and  naughtyiness  vis a vis the  Chickster  and another consenting adult ooge you out, then   click here  instead to go to a site that  not only  champions a very good cause but which actually  makes a hell of a lot of sense  in terms of a workable global solution to ending hunger. Good folks. Give them money.}  So, we're sitting there and the movie is over and  DB  has  just  said I can't kiss him [saving himself for  Other Girl  I guess.] and we end up having the following conversation:   Chick : Damn. Now I have a headache.  Dirty Boy : You know how you get rid of headaches?  Chick : How?  DB : You have to get the blood re-directed away from your head.  Chick : What?  DB : Re-directed.  Chick : How the hell do you do that?  DB : Like this...{scoots over to my side of the couch and starts unbuttoning my pants}  I am  not  kidding.  This  is the boy who earlier in the evening would have  nothing to do with my top half  because he's saving himself for  marriage  or something and now, thirteen minutes later , he trying to send  the finger family  South for a little recon! I, of course, was incensed, appalled and not just a little  indignant . I didn't make him  stop  or anything cause,  Christ , the guy is talented and his hand felt  really  good, but  still  (!!) What  is  it with boys and their  complete inability  to follow  the accepted rules of engagement ??     So, as I was saying,   Snatch , the movie. Good flick.  Guy Ritchie  has got one hell of an eye for the good-looking boys, i'm telling ya. I don't know what kind of  arrangement  him and the Madone have but he could have been the poster child for the  2000 Pride parade . Check out the  five minute faux jerk-off session  in   Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels  with the beautiful boys suddenly deciding to drown each other in seltzer. Christ! If that's not  homerotic , I don't know what is. Anyways....      All of this brings me back to my original point which is that I have no idea if I am even  still gay . I was surrounded by  close to a thousand  of the world's  freshest females  most of whom were sporting  neon  signs stating that they were, in fact, " bent " and the hottest  I  got was over  some dragqueen  playing keyboards in a band called    PepperSpray  . (Speaking of which, if anyone knows the band and can get close to " Peg " could you ask him if he needs a  wife/girlfriend/groupie/decent web designer  and give him my number?)   I mean, I know I  don't want a girlfriend  right now. I'm  pretty  sure (despite all the recent activity) that I  don't want a boyfriend either , so where does that leave me? I can't even  pretend  to be  politically Lesbo  since the one extended encounter I had with an  actual  female I spent all my time  rolling my eyes  while she tried to convince me to go cheer for some chick because she was going to get boo-ed because she had won some contest and some people thought she shouldn't have won cause she was " currently  heterosexually partnered"... blah, blah, blah. I mean, c'mon! " Currently Heterosexually Partnered "? What  is  that?? Anyway. I'm not  political  anymore. I'm never going to have  real sex  with a girl ever again and the  vast majority  of my tingly feeling are being caused by the male side of the species... I'm beginning to see why  real   Rug-munchers  are so afraid of us  Bi-chicks . Couldn't make up our damn minds if our lives depended on it. In the interest of  honest reporting  though, I  do  have to say I got a  slight buzz  from some gal who stopped to inquire if I had any  aspirin .  CP  claims i blushed and threw a sidelong glance or two after the lady in question. I maintain that   Miss CP  is still recovering from  all the drugs  she did in the  late eighties  and as such is  not  the most reliable witness but, I will admit I  may  have been  somewhat  intrigued.   At any rate, the sun stayed  mostly out  and the  week-end stayed  mostly good . I give it a six overall. I'm tired now, though. And my head still hurts.