          It's a friends blog!  I got a card in the mail yesterday from the fabulous  Miss Bee  ,mother no. 1 to the twins and the unbelievably fab  Lil' LB , (For those of you new to my world,  Miss Bee  ought not be confused with the other  Miss B , her partner in crime who is really more of a  "Ms." B  and who, while being equally fabulous, did  not  send me a card.) Can I just say,  I heart my friends! There's  Miss Bee , sitting in the coffee shop with her brood of fifteen all needing to be attended to and she thinks to not only write me a jaunty little note but also manages to get a stamp on it and throw it in the mail!! I stand in awe. A sweet note too. We wuv! Then, this week-end I get to watch the  best friend's  child who is also quite spectacular. We're going to this big foster parent training at   MOCHA  where for some reason the kids and the parents are split up into separate workshops (why do people  do  that??) so, while my babies are guaranteed a good time I'm actually losing out on the "hang-time" with them. whatever. The  best friend  and her  esteemed partner  aren't going anywhere anytime soon so i spose I'll be able to steal aforementioned child some other week-end..... How thrilled am i that all my buddies have cool kids right now? Very, that's how!   In other news.... went to go check out  Scout's  summer camp. More "Self-centeredness and You!" instruction from the  CP  but I practiced my Zen breathing and we all came through it with hardly a scratch. I did realize on the way home, though, that part of my issue with  CP  is that I think she should be on her knees every waking minute of the day thanking the God almighty that she was blessed with such a super-riffic kid and she thinks more in terms of "Oh, I didn't realize until right this second here at the orientation meeting that I would have to drive an extra ten minutes every day to get my child to her really kick-ass camp.  Hmmmm. Why did 'we' [meaning me] rule out the camp across the street from my house again? [Expensive, too old for our kid, and with four weeks of swimming -- Scout can barely be persuaded to run through the sprinklers]" I did not scream. I sat. I mused. I found my happy place. I channeled Budda. Anyway, enough of that. Back to my friends. I'm lonely today because the  Lanky Canadian  is off on some obscure jaunt down the coast -- again, I'm not sure why these people think they can just desert me on a whim but rest assured, jobs will be lost...! ( Best friend  keeps pulling the same thing where she's off to the spa for the week-end with  Chick number 2 , Lalalala... "Relaxation", she calls it! I call it "out of range should i need her sorry ass!!!" and don't give me this "works incredibly hard on socially concious issues, trying to move into a bigger place, raise a child and negotiate two relationships" crap! Tell it to the Marines!)  So, there you have it.  Lanky Canadian  out in sun with pretty girlfriend. Me stuck in office with  Boss number 3  (who's not so bad, actually), hoping  Boss number 2  stays home sick again today.