          One day old and already in trouble  Let me begin with a retraction. in yesterday's post I made up names for some boys I know. While I stand by my naming convention  I admit that someone unfamiliar with the gentlemen in question may be led to certain assumptions that may not be true. That said, let me here state for the record that while I chose the alias " Beautiful Boy " specifically because the lad I'm referring to has long golden hair, super-pretty eyes and a slammin' physique, I did  NOT  in  any  way mean to imply that the person of " Dirty Boy " is at all below standard accepted levels of cleanliness and/or hygiene. In fact, I would have to say that my buddy  DB 's sleek little skater body is almost too clean -- the word "squeaky" leaps to mind. The reason I chose that particular nom de plume for my darling angel is because, quite simply, I don't think I've ever met an individual with his mind so firmly lodged in the gutter. That's all. Deny it if you will,  DB  but despite your butter-wouldn't-melt exterior, you are a filthy, degenerate and everybody knows it. Let me also state, for the record, that I in no way meant to imply that my  Dirty Boy  has any known comunicable diseases. All I'm sayin' is every time we make out I break out. Conclude what you will.   Whew! Man, this whole anonymous thing is harder than I thought. I'm going to have to come up with a better naming convention. Speaking of which, my bub who shall henceforth be referred to as " Scout ", is graduating Kindergarten tomorrow and I am so excited I can't even stand myself!  Missy Scout , You are super huge and super-splendid and I can't even begin to think what I could have done in this life or the last to deserve such a great little girl but there you go. In other child news, there's a huge matching meeting at the agency today so i may just get a "possible placement" this time around. Not holding my breath or anything because then I would pass out and potentially miss a whole bunch of work-related tet-a-tetes but... gosh, it would be nice to know who our second bub is going to be.... anyways. More later, after I've swallowed a vat of coffee.