          Now, they come crawling back...!  For those of you who are  keeping score ,  three  more of our original  11  potential datees have "checked back" as of this morning, and I have to say, I'm no longer  impressed . I dunno what it is but they're just not as  compelling  as they were last week. I have  two dates  set up, one  on-going conversation  and a "get wit chu when I get back from  Dallas "  (which could mean  anything  really) and I think I'm good with that.  Not  that I think these  two dates  of mine are going to "turn into anything" but the simple act of lining them up has made me think  long and hard  {snicker} about what  exactly  it is I'm looking for. I mean let's review the  facts , here. I have  work  8 hours a day, five days a week. I have my  kid  3-4 days a week, I'm trying to get  another kid  who I will have seven days a week and  grad school  starts Aug. 25th which means that I'll be spending  at least  two evenings a week in  class  and  hopefully some time  studying  and  writing papers  and  stuff . Which leaves me with what...? approximately  8 hours a week  to grocery  shop ,  wash  clothes,  clean  the house,  de-flea  the cats,  kill  the ants,  wash  the dishes,  return  the library books,  watch  my favorite TV   show   check in  with my peeps,  take  a shower and hopefully,  sleep . K. So, essentially what I'm looking at is a  chronic lack of time  in which to engage in the requisite  face time  to conduct an  actual  relationship with an adult person while, at the same time I continue to want to have SEX! And not just any ole sex. I want to have that happy, cool, relaxed kind where should you start laughing for no particular reason right in the middle of it you don't have to spend the next three hours doing "damage control". [see above: I have  no time  for damage control!]  Also, I don't want to have anybody  freak right out  if I have to cancel on them because I have my kid an  extra  day or I have to  finish a paper . Basically, I want the kind of relationship I have with my  friends  + sex. (Although, I  gotta  say, the kind of relationship I have with  some  of my  friends  is pretty damn close to that -- heh heh heh... sorry...moving on...) So, this is what I want, I guess. I want to establish  on-going friendships  wherein it is a given that  if  the urge strikes us and  if  we have the time, boots will knock. What do we think? Is it completely naive to envision such a thing happening??  Anyway,  Date #1  with  Young Lad  is tonight. He seems perfectly charming. He also seems like he's about  twenty  so hopes for this going much further are slight but it should be fun just the same.