          Down among the washed  Once again, was riding the train of the  well-scrubbed  today and I noticed something.  Nobody pays to ride the N . I mean nobody. (Except  me  but I'm not  well-scrubbed .) It was weird. People were getting on  multiple entrances , there was an occassional  mad dash  followed by a triumphant  swoop aboard ;  backpacks were adjusted , people  amiably shifted   around to make room but  nobody  put  any  money into the coinbox. And  nobody  showed a fastpass. At first i didn't really think to much about it until I saw a girl get on,  pause by the fare box , pull out her wallet, discover she had no singles then, with  complete unconcern , she replaced her wallet, pulled out her phone and began to make a call. I'm not kidding. People were treating the farebox like  a cup being passed  after the  silver guy  stops moving.  One lady got on with her kid and made a  HUGE  deal about her child putting  35 cents into the box  and getting a transfer. Everyone smiled. "How cute! She's  paying ." It was decidedly weird. It was weirder when I realized that it's possible these people don't pay because they know the odds of them getting harrassed in a "transfer, please" kind of way by the MUNI police are pretty slim. It's just  not that kind of line . I think there may be some sort of rule that the very clean don't need any other "proof-of-purchase." I could easily imagine every single person on that train (except me)  striding into some shop  on Irving street with a blouse -- no bag, no reciept, just the blouse -- crumpled in their hand, hoping to return it because it  just didn't fit right . And I bet it would work. I bet the  serious but concerned  salesperson would  take back that blouse  and not even check it for stains. I bet they'd take whatever card was handed to them and ring up the refund  including  the sales tax, smile at that customer and sincerely inquire whether or not "there would be anything else?". Weird.     There was a lady on the train today who was not so much a lady as she was  a watercolor sketch  of a lady. I don't think I've every seen someone so completely  drawn , if you know what I mean. Her  lines  were f***ing amazing! Anyway.  I couldn't stop staring at her. Another lady noticed me being fixated, glanced at the object of my attention then back at me. Then she shrugged and continued reading her million and six page  Harry Potter  book. "Not very well-scrubbed." She probably thought. "I'll bet she paid full fare." I don't care. I want to take that  watercolor lady  and  hang her in my livingroom . I think she'd go great with my couch.      Quick good-bye to some co-worker friends   Good-bye,  Andrew .  Michelle  and  Jim . I really enjoyed working/hanging out with you guys. It's people like you that make coming to work fun and I hope your next gigs are fulfilling and lucrative. Best of luck in the real world. Don't let the bastards get you down!!   I think I need coffee now. And another shower; only this time with sweet-smelling soap.