          Disturbing interludes…   In an otherwise perfect weekend. Weekend =  great ! Had  the kid  all day both days so you know it was all good.  Sat.  was spent running around to various  birthday  type events including stopping by the new  Hayward  residence of  my girls  and finding out that both of them are doing fine. Their moms moved them into a  new house  with  four  bedrooms so they all have their own space (at least for now.) Her  new man  seems fairly nice and the girls looked good. Stayed just long enough to  pass out the prezzies  and the  contact info  should they need to find me and we were off to the  next get-together  in  SF . Second  birthday party  was very awfully fun as well with lots of cool parental interaction (there’s a neat little  super-shy  kid whose parents are trying to get him into  Boo’s  school. They’re from  New York  and they are FAB-ulous! I  really  hope we see more of them.) Then,  back to the homestead  for a bit before dropping the  child  off with the  Misses B/ees  et al for a sleep-over then it was off to the  Big City  to indulge in a little  adult  entertainment by way of a very swank dinner  party  thingie hosted by a  wonderful lad  who was celebrating the end of his first year with his lovely  soon-to-be-an-aspiring-writer-boy-toy . Party was very nice. Super low key,  fascinating  people, aforementioned  STBAWBT  was A-D-O-R-A-B-L-E and  quite  a catch and I think extra congratulations are warranted!  Congrats !! Got to confab with all manner of  choice  people and got to watch the  fireworks  go off over  PacBell park  (because, when all is said and done, what’s the  point  of having a swanky celebratory party if you can’t adjourn to the balcony for a  festive lightshow …??) Last but certainly not least, I was able to  round out  my eve engaged in a much needed  tete a tete  with the ever elusive  Pretty Boy  who since he got   THE JOB  has become harder to pin down than  a greased flea   but he was  home  and  up  and  willing to entertain  me for a bit – bring me up to speed re: the job, the car, the gym etc. – before sending me on my way back to the  snuggly cotton freshness  of my green-ey gold bed…. We {heart}  Pretty Boy ! He’s a  keeper  that one….  Then, this morn,  up  and  shower  and  off  to get a  bagel bribe  to take to the  B  house in exchange for my  Boo . Switch happened, short visit occurred then  off , once again to yet  another  birthday party for one of young  Boo’s  very best-est friends at her house in  Frisco .   And here’s where the  weirdness  begins…     So, there are  all these kids  running around right, and there’s this one,  Lane  (that’s his  real  name by the way. Mark my words this kid will end up in the news -- and not in a good way)  who is  obsessed  with  Boo’s Best Friend  like to the point where he keeps following her around and demanding to know where she is any time she manages to elude him. Both kids are about six years old but  Lane  is bigger and stronger and at one point he was pulling  BBF  around by the arm to wherever he wanted her to be. Now this is  key . I’m  all for  the fun and games and I  grant you  that I don’t know this kid and his relationship to  BBF  but there was a point in there where he had  dragged  her to the couch and was kind of  sitting  on her and she was saying “I want to get up” and he  wasn’t letting her  and  no one  (by which I mean the  adults  present) seemed disturbed in the least. Everyone was  smiling  and discussing which schools were “ good ”. So, I went over and made him get off her and she  RUNS  away from him and climbs onto the couch next to her mom who is pregnant and resting and smiling and tries to kind of  crawl back behind her .  Lane  comes over,  grabs her leg , pulls her off the couch  onto the floor  and kind of crouches on her. She assumes a sort of  balled up fetal position  and once again all the adults in the room, mom included, sit there watching this little spectacle with these “kids will be kids" kinds of smiles plastered on their faces. Meanwhile  BBF  is not moving.  Lane   is continuing to terrorize her. I look at  Boo  who looks and me and we both shrug and look at  BBF 's mom who FINALLY sort of notices that her kid is kind of comatose and says “Are you O.K.?” I stand and stretch (in what I hope is a menacing way) toward  Lane  who finally moves away from  BBF . She continues to stay huddled up though until her mom leans forward to touch her, then she springs up and   runs behind the couch .  Lane  starts to go after her but he is stopped by her mom who says, “Not right now Lane, I think she needs a little  alone  time.” (!!!!) So. O.k. am I right in thinking “What the Hell??!” Is that not completely fucked up? Anyone?? Now, I know all the “not really my business”, “may not know the entire situation”, “shouldn’t assume that this is typical” blah, blah, blah bullshit but, seriously, is it just me?? I am  completely  disturbed by the fact that a roomful of adults would  sit there  while a five year old is tortured and I am amazed that this  little psychopath  is even allowed  near   BBF  (apparently they are old friends. His nickname for her is “ NumNum ”) on a regular basis. What could I  possibly  be missing? Anyways,  BBF  managed to stay kind of away from him for the rest of the party – upon picking up her son and watching him grab  BBF  from behind and announce he was “bringing her” with him,  Lane’s mom  beamed and was heard to remark “Lane just  loves  BBF!” and I am in shock. I’m all over cutting  BBF’s parents  some slack because they seem like nice enough people and I know it can be hard to deal with  tons of kids  and  birthdays  and  pregnancy  and all of that but still, that kind of dynamic isn’t built instantly, right? It looked like it had been going on for awhile… {sigh}. Anyway. Not saying I’m the world’s  best parent  or anything but I do think sometimes that there’s some  fucked up  stuff being accepted as “normal behavior”. Then again, what can a person realistically do…?   You know what though, if anyone  ever  sees me being abusive or putting my kid in an abusive situation (even if  I  think I’m being normal and rational)  please  tell me your concerns. I’m not saying I’ll change anything right away but I’ll listen and I might snap out of  whatever weirdness  I’m indulging in.... Maybe. Maybe not. Probably if I’m not seeing that my kid is being potentially damaged, I’m not going to be in the mood to listen to criticism. Even so, tell me anyway.