          Nice!  Less than 5% of the Californian voting population may get to   choose  the next governor! Sweet! K. folks, let's do this...! All I need is 3,500 bucks and a few thousand siggies, whaddaya say? "  Chick  in 2003 "??    You know what's nice? An  impromptu  evening visit from the ever-fascinating  Miss Tail , that's what! What's nicer? Her bringing  ice cream  and wearing an awfully cool pink, stretchy top thing! We wuv!!Gonna miss that girl when she's gone {sniff} but at least she sounds like she's moving in a fairly happy direction and what the heck, I  may  find a way to make it  all the way  into  the City  now and again for a visit to her new pad. {smiling bravely. moving on...}    So, my  back/butt  still hurts. If anyone knows anyone who gives a decent  massage  send em my way will ya. (Actually, if anyone knows anyone who gives an  indecent  massage...! heh heh heh -- Ouch!)     I am curently reading "  Eyes on the Prize " the "companion book to the award winning documentary showcasing the civil rights movement from 1954-1965" and getting all outraged 'n sheet. Thing is, I am  a product  of this whole move to integrate thing.  Moms  and  Pops  were there,  on  the buses,  in  the marches.  Big brother  was featured in one of those " babies in jail while their parents await sentencing " photos, I've  heard  the stories but, thing is, i don't think I ever really  understood  them until I started doing some  re -reading (or in this case,  first  time reading) of some of the seminal texts that came out during and about that period of time in our fabulous nation's history. I mean, sure, I colored the cut-out of  MLK Jr.  in kindergarten. I sat through the requisite snippets from the civil rights movies in Civics class. I read "  Soul on Ice ", I was president of the Black Student Union fer chrissakes -- why then am I surprised and outraged at by the  murder  and subsequent  double  "hung juries" of    Medgar Evers  ? Why do I know more about  Fannie  Mae   (the folks who service my loan) than I do about    Fannie Lou Hamer   and the drive for  voter registration  in Mississippi? What about    Joseph Rauh  , fer chrissakes, and the truckload of chutzpah it took for him to champion the   MFDP  cause as well as to spend the rest of his  81  years fighting discrimination and attempting to ensure that the law be used as "a vehicle for righting social wrongs and not perpetuating them."??    I am  amazed  that I, a fairly progressive, mixed-race, soon to hold a doctorate in  Educational Policy , flaming liberal know  next-to-nothing  about these people and the events they helped create and support. I suck. I'd love to  blame the system  though, so if anyone else feels woefully inadequate re: the discussion of these and other pertinent historical movements let me know. If there are enough of us  dumb-asses  out there I think we've got a really good case for  shifting the blame  onto the schools!