          Deeee-scusting!  You wanna know what'll turn you off  chocolate syrup  forever? Being on the coffee clean-up crew for the week and having it be your first day cleaning and thinking it is about time to change the  syrup  bottle (since it currently takes  thirty-two  short pumps to get even a  drop  of chocolate and that's just not going to cut it, this is the government people!!) and pulling out the  pump-thingie  and, in a burst of enthusiam for the  sheer mass  of chocolate that is running down it, swiping a finger along it's  glistening brown shaft  (stay with me folks, we'll talk about *that* later) and  right  before popping said finger into mouth, glancing down and seeing that the  entire shaft  of the chocolate pump is covered with  mold  (!!!!!!!!) ! That's right folks,  whitey-green dots  of chocolate syrup mold. Not that i'm  implying  anything and not that anything like this has  ever  happened to me but I gotta tell ya, were it to happen, I think I'd be pretty grossed out....    Week-end was weird.  The Good  stuff first:  Ms. B  has emerged from her surgery altogether fine, practically spry in fact (not too mention extremely sexy-looking in a pajama-pants wearing way...  woof !) and is now able to brag about the  forty-two inch  scar across her sternum which circles around to her lower back region.  Congrats  on the  quadruple bi-pass ! I still say you should tell everyone a shark bit you. Anyways. Had a special long visit with aforementioned  Ms. B  which was simply  delightful . Also got the quick "how-ya" with the  Missus Bee  and (since they arrived in my car) got the super-mondo  best friend  and best friend's babe check-in as well. Speaking of whom, the lovely  Lu  was persuaded to make a  repeat appearance  in my world on  Sundee  for a few hours and she just never fails to impress me with her  all-round  greatness!   The Bad  stuff wasn't "bad" in the typical sense of the word...[ Disclaimer:  the following contains thoughts  and impressions as they filter through my head and are concerning my  kid . They have not borne any scrutiny from the standard cast of characters whom I employ to help me "keep it real" and so may be a bit unformed.  Also , let me her state for the record that i absolutely understand that  on every level  I have  the best kid  ever and that I am truly, hugely blessed and that there are people right now in  China  who are forced to go to sleep at night without knowing the pleasure of a "Don't let the bedcats bite!" Sung out in an absolutely sincere tiny, sleepy voice. I  know  this... That said...]   My  kid  was weird this week-end. Actually, we were both weird. She was weird in a very insecure, needing to be re-assured of things I  know  she knows, jealous of pretty much  everyone/thing  else in her universe kind of way and I (since I'm uniquely  unqualified  to deal with issues considered to be sterotypically "female" -- like the whole seeming lack of self-esteem; how can I be  beautiful like a princess  so the world loves me -- kind of issues) reacted poorly. Now, before I go into further detail I would also like to put forth the statements I do  not  want to hear in response to my semi-rant:   "That's it?! That's nothing!  My  kid [insert something horrific here]....." (I  know  that in the  grand scheme  of things I am blessed. I  know  that these issues  per se  are  not  that serious. i also know though, that if your kid is acting  one way  through much of her short life and she suddenly begins acting  another way  -- I don't care if it's as simple as she always  paints  with  blue  and now she's  coloring  in  red  -- in my opinion it bears paying attention to. If you simply  cannot  stand listening to my  drivel  then skip to part three. That part's about sex.)   "Don't worry about it. It's normal." (Again, let me state for the record that I'm  not  saying my kid is out on the streets every night looking for better ways to shoot up. I understand that she is a growing little girl and will go through phase of development that are  perfectly normal  for her age and learning. Again, though, I have to say there were  quite a few  stages that  I  went through in my growing up that while being considered  normal  really kind of  sucked . I do not want my child to feel sucky if I can help it and if she  must  feel sucky, I still want to understand it so I can be there for her should she need me to be. That said, should all this prove so  mind-numbingly dull  you find your eyes beginning to roll back into your head, I again point to the above escape clause re:  sex  in the next section.)  K. So, for some reason my  kid  is hyper-aware of  who  is getting attention and  who  is  not  right now. She spent  all  week-end announcing that "so-and-so said [she's] not  the  cutest kid in the world" or that the waitress ( CP , stranger on the street, toll booth guy) "liked the baby better". Her hair would not  lie flat . Her socks would not  stay up . She wanted  bl onde hair. She wanted  long  hair. The cats wouldn't  leave her alone  then they  wouldn't play with her .  Lu  was touching her chair.  Lu  didn't want the crayon she gave her. How come she couldn't be  little  again? On and on and on. Granted it was interpresed with relatively  good cheer  and her normal useful, helpful, interested self but  my goodness  I ran through my  entire  stock of "It's not a contest" type quotations within the first half hour.  THEN  she spilled water on the couch and when I remarked upon it said (in her  reasonable  voice) "Well, it's  your  fault for putting it too close to the couch. You should have known I'd spill it." Here is when I (sort of) lost it. First, I  cannot  stand it when people do not take responsibility for their actions. I  know  she's five and I'm  all over  the "allowances due to age-approriate expectations" blah, blah, blah but  thing is  this is the  first  time she's done that. (Not the spilling part. She does that all the time, but the blame it on someone who isn't in the room thing). Usually, it's "Mom, I spilled, can you come clean it up?" (Which we're also working on... again, not the actual spilling...). Second, when in her  life  has she ever heard,  ever , that I  expect  her to mess up??  Anyway. Basically we're talking a fairly standard "shifting of blame tied to an unrealistic analysis of herself and the situation" and instead of being all textbook about it, I yelled. I yelled at my kid. I  NEVER  yell at my kid. (Well, once. when she was  two  and she didn't want to sleep in her bed and it was three o'clock in the morning and she kept calling out for water. I yelled then too, and I felt  HORRIBLE  about it...) Sorry all of you who would feel really great if I yelled at her more,  not  trying to claim any superiority,  not  saying that not yelling is the  single best way  to raise a child, all I'm saying is i  don't  tend to yell when I'm mad at her and in this instance I  did . So. I holler: "That is completely untrue! Why would you  even  say that??" Following which she stares and she starts to cry. So i...  leave  the room. Again, what the hell?  Again , with the I  never ... Bottom line, I know the kid is  feeling insecure  and  needs a snuggle  so, I respond by  leaving  the room. This will  probably  not be something that    CPS   is especiallybe concerned about but I FEEL HORRIBLE about it! {Sigh} That's it really. We,  of course  made up.  Snuggling  happened.  Kisses  all round. Thing is, I know that, of course, these things happen and that it's  probably stress  but I don't feel like I'm  particularly  stressed about anything in particular right now. And actually, to be perfectly honest  that's what's really weirding me out. I mean c'mon, this is  minor . If I'm acting slightly strange in response to  this  imagine how bizarre it's going to get when  kid two  shows up, won't eat, cries  all  the time, breaks  Boo's  things and is  insanely  adorable to boot... now  that's  a situation! What happens when  Boo   really  freaks out and needs a milion hugs?? What's my weirded out response going to be then?? to move out??! Well, anyway. Just wanted to get it out into the world so I could look it over and see if i'm missing something (probably), just being really, really hyper-sensitive (definitely) and whether or not this situation warrants further scrutiny (nah...). I'll just try to keep on the ole toes and figure out a way to deal with this newfound insecurity on my  Bubbaloo's  part. Hopefully this will be like the summer rains: sudden, swift, yet, in the end, fleeting.      The Ugly:  So,  Dirty Boy  calls me up last night to suggest ways in which I could entertain him. I suggest that he  break out the butter  and get re-aquainted with his right hand as 1) I have sworn  off  the  Boy scouts , 2) am smack in the midst of  a visit  from my  Aunt Flo  and 3) am tired and want to go to bed. He, as is his want, ignores the first and third and focuses on the  second .   Ever been in the  middle  of a conversation with someone which you think is going one way only to be  horribly  shown that it is, in fact, going a  completely  other way? (And that that  other  way is  deeeee-scusting !!) So, conversation starts with me thinking: "My goodness, this  new generation  of boys sure is  comfortable  discussing female bodily functions". Seemingly gone are the days of "Eeeewwww!" or "Can we just  not  talk about it?" Here we have  a boy  who is not only  comfortable  discussing the process but seems  actively interested  in the minutae of the monthly curse. My how  refreshing ! Only to find that what I took for  scientific inquiry  was actually some  perverse type of arousal ! eeeeeeeewwwwwwwwww!  What  is that about???! First off, I actually  kind of liked  the days of  secrecy  and  tribal rituals  and  "menstrual huts" . It kind of seems like the  one  time a chick's  allowed  to be really uptight, tired, and not-in-the-freaking mood and it's  all o.k.  Is it too much to ask for  four  days in the month where it's o.k. to be a puffy, irritated blob and not have to worry about putting out?? Sheesh! anyway, thank you  Dirty Boy  for single handedly ruining my oasis of non-expectancy. You suck.