          Well, hello!  Another interesting development... not  in the my new kid department but in the  general world of kids : These two girls that used to live in the apartment below mine pre-current-housing-sitch, ended up having to move shortly after I did and I lost track of them. Anyway,  long story short , their mom calls me  yesterday  to tell me about the younger one's birthday party... "they're in  Hayward  now.. would i like to come to the party... blah, blah, blah..." It's been close to  two  years! Anyway, I'm just delighted that she got in touch. The girls are  great  and I was sad they seemed to have gotten away.   Also, I was reading over some of my more recent postings and i noticed that I seem to  leave things hanging  quite a bit. That is I tend to get all  outraged  or  obsessed  about something, write some long, rambling post about it, then move merrily along to the next bit of  life drama  without ever having said what the  resolution  in the last case happened to be. This, in my opinion, might lead one to think that I have a whole lot of unfinnised bidness in my life but I actually don't. I just find that the  act of writing  about an issue sometimes helps me  clarify  where I stand on it or simply enables me to release some feelings about it, once it's resolved, to my way of thinking it's  gone . Why write about it? Having said that, though, I would like to take a moment to clean up some  loose ends  as it were (keeping in mind that this is  rare  for me to do so  don't  go expecting it in the future!). Ready? Here we go.  Eh hem,    I did  not  take the  parking space . I found a space in a lot nearby that is cheaper on a daily basis, less busy in terms of filling up every morning and which accepts plastic.   I am no longer  mad  at the  Ex-girlfriend . I understand that she is just doing what she needs to do and did not mean any harm to me and mine. I accept that she feels she needs to live a life that does not include me and that as difficult as that is for me to understand that is just the way it is and as such I've accepted it and will now move on. (I wish her luck, though. She's quality people and derserves the best.)    Boo  is fine as well. Everyone is  just  fine!   I decided  against  the  Snake River  trip with  Miss Tail  in favor of a shorter, more manageable trip with the  Boo . (It was great, thanks for asking.)   I am  not  currently getting busy with  Dirty Boy , nor do I have any intentions of re-starting that particular aspect of our relationship. (It's just too damn  oogey , no offense  DB )    Dirty Boy  is still stupid over  Other Girl  who is keeping him on a very  short  leash which I happen to think is  hilarious .   Aforementioned  leash  is  not  the reason  DB  and I are no longer getting sweaty. For some reason  OT  doesn't mind if  DB  swaps spit with someone she  likes .  DB  and I are  not  partaking because it is  gross (!!) no more no less. ( OT  is wierd.)     Angel  is still not sure what to do about  New Boy  who is leaving on the 31st of this month. He is considering moving to  Austin  to be with him. I am  suspending counsel  on the subject ( BAD IDEA ! Do  NOT  move! You've only known him for a freaking month! What if he's a psychopath?!) in order to give him the  mental  space to come to his own conclusions.   I never found out who  Angel of Darkness  is but "hooking up" never happened   I'm still tired   Lyle has  not  called yet...  hmmmmm.... I think that's it. Let me know if there's anything else outstanding and I'll endeavor to address it (maybe, I don't know actually, I had turkey for lunch and now I'm a little tired...)  Oh! And before I forget, two other things...   Congratulations!  to  Boss #3  on his 1 year anniversary!! i've not met the significant other in question but I'm sure he's  stellar !   And   Happy Nuptuals  to our own  Sir J.  who is in glorious  Vancouver, BC  right this second preparing to get his  hitch on  to the lovely  Krista  (sp). All the best, my friend! Hope your day is  fabulous !! (Their  actual  wedding date is Sat. but the odds are fairly good that I will  not  be blogging this week-end so I'll get the props in now...)