          Yes, but how much "dietary fibre" does this syrup have?"  Is it  funny  to anyone else that  Ghiradelli Chocolate Syrup  has " Nutrition facts !" printed prominently on the side of the bottle?? O.K. sorry, these are just the things one notices when one is not yet  willing  nor  able  to fully embrace one's morning.   Right, so last night got to hang out with the splendid  Lu  (child of the  best friend  who was off  galavanting  with the rich and   pretty  last night with  Chick 2  -- which, now that I'm thinking about it probably isn't the  best  pseudonym for the  lady  in question onna counta she's undoubtably  so much more  than just  one of the girls  currently keeping my  best bud  happy so p'raps we will change her name to...   "Fancy"  . Sorry,  Ducks , but I don't know you well enough yet to come up with anything  more apt  so for now, you're  "Fancy" . Welcome to the show! Where you from...?)    Lu  is a  very great  and we had a  fab time  and I am uber fortunate to have such  great  friends producing  fantastic  offspring that they then (for some unfathomable reason) allow me to steal away. (!!) I'm getting her on  Sundee  too! (Whoo hoo!)    Other than that not alot going on.  Caseworker  left a mesage yesterday saying he had more info about my  Rosemary  (but didn't bother to say what it was, of course) and also that there was maybe a  newborn  hanging around the offices as well. Now,  given my druthers  I, of course, would  prefer  my  Rosemary  (who is two y.o.) but in the  grand scheme  of things, if, for some reason I don't get her, I'm not really sure how I feel about the  uber-tinies . i mean, I  think  i'd be o.k. with the raising part (I  did  manage to  not kill  or otherwise  maim   Miss Boo  during her formative years) but I'm a teensy bit concerned about the fairly  huge  gap in age tween the two childrens... Upon further reflection though (and after having a quick chat with  Fancy ) I'm beginning to think it wouldn't be so bad -- less  immediate  competition and maybe more of a "getting-to-know-you" period where basically, since the baby just lies around all day, there's less having to immediately figure out what's going on with this person, what's already been hardcoded, and what is still open for interpretation and more just snuggley, screamey, messy diaperery cute-ness.... Dunno. I'd love to hear some thoughts if anyone has any...  well, I spose that's it for now folks. Maybe I'll write more later if my life suddenly gets interesting.