          Pirates!  Well, I  finally  saw it and yes, it was a  babe-fest . I have to say I was a little misled by all the various things I've   read/heard  about it. I think i spent the whole first  half  of the movie expecting it to be different ( hilarious , witty, almost entirely without an appearance by  Mr. Depp  -- someone actually told me he was only in about  30%  of the film!) but then when I  let go  of what i  thought  it was going to be like i actually found myself really enjoying it just cause it's  really  cute.   I was discussing it briefly with my work-buddy  Tony  yesterday and I think his was the  apt-est  of all the summations I've heard: " It is what it is ." I would add that I thought it was a  particularly charming  version of the genre but essentially I find it doesn't stand up well to analysis. That said, initial fight scenes were a bit too long for my taste but  boy-howdy , any and all "failings"were more than made up for by earnest  babe -ness, cool  costumes  and girls that didn't just stand around. kudos  Disney ! Good job!    Then, on the way to work today, some lady stopped me as she was getting out of her car and asked if she could give me a  CD . I thought it was some kind of  marketing  thing but she handed me a CD titled " Conciousness is the Key to self-worth --  Angela Davis  on 9/11 speaking in Colorado ". It's obviously homemade and written on it are also the words " Reach one, Teach one " and " Listen, copy, pass it on ..."  Now, I haven't listened to it yet, but I just gotta say how  freaking cool  is that as a  general  concept! Just a little  grassroots  teaching going out to the  Oak-Town  peeps! Listen up, yo...!  I'll listen to it today and if it's not  bogus  or a huge  scam , I'm planning on  making a couple  of copies to hand out as I go about my own travels. Let me know if anyone is interested and I'll float you a copy as well....    And  lastly  but not  leastly , big  cyber-hug  to my  friends  out there who not only  put up  with my  crankiness  yesterday but who actively tried to make me feel better. I'm  really fortunate  to have such thoughtful, articulate, (well-read, sweet, able to wear the  hell  out of certain outfits!) people in my life.  Smoochie kisses  to all of you! (and especially to  Miss Tail  who was instrumental in helping me access my inner teen last night by being just as giggley and silly over  certain movie persons  as I was... Does the camera  love   Mr. Bloom  or what??! And how about the "held hostage by  Johnny Depp " bit??  Sweet  Mother of Jesus...!) Anyway, Mwah! Mwah! Mwah!