          I want to have a nine-way with the Supreme Court!   Well, maybe a  6-way  because, now, apparently   it's  legal... How much   ass  is being kicked right now??    Alrighty, on to more important issues, like...  my  week-end. I'm guessing that now that we're allowed to be gay the festivities this coming Sat/Sun will be  off the hook ! which, leads us to our main concern of "what will I wear?" The  Escort  has informed me that he will be attired in  fading indigo jeans  and a " Lucy !" muscle T. He has further informed me that if I am not at least partially " all that " he will ditch me for the first person he sees who matches his outfit.  I do not care because he doesn't know that I'm leaving him to go watch   the Animatrix  (and possibly   Hedwig  with the fabulous    Emerson   at noon. Hahahaha!!!) Sides, I don't really like the Sundee part of   Pride . It's always so  hot  and the boys are all so  Boy-ey ! Sat. though. It's all about the   Dyke march ! The fabulous  Miss Bee  has invited  Boo  and  I  to meet up with them in the park for a little potty-luck and some quality chick scoping. Given that it is  boiling  today, the odds that it will be  freezing  on Sunday are good.  Sat . however, may just be bearable. Mmmmmmmm, girls. Gotta love em.    Right. So, I  was  going to do today's posts as "literary critique" wherein I explore the  complex relationships  between the artist and her muse vis a vis the study of a series of  uncompromising yet superbly artful  reflections which are initially so varied that some may find it difficult to believe that they were penned by the same author. The ambition of that particular undertaking, however, would have produced an  unwieldy masterpiece  that may have been heroic to some yet precisely because of that heroism, would have shown weaknesses to be more like  tragic flaws , defining qualities that we can lament but at the same time can't imagine this blog without. Ultimately I came to the conclusion that since this blog,  like everything else in our modern society  is essentially about love  and loss , it seemed redundant and cursory to even attempt  explication through words . That said, we now return you to our regular writing.    Back to the week-end... Looking forward to   Pride . In a  wierd mood  this morning though. I had  one of those dreams  about the  Ex  last night .  Damn ! Say what you want (not that there's that much  to  say since the  Ex  is really a very sweet person) but that girl was (and probably still is) hot! I find myself in a very interesting predicament here onna counta,  she  probably still hates me and while I couldn't really predict how a  surprise run-in  would go, I  do  know that everytime I've seen her in the past I tended to want to smile largely... all I'm sayin is, it's weird to think that should we  someday run into each other  on BART my reaction would be "{Big smile} Hey!" While hers would probably be "{stony face} Oh. Hey." Know what I'm saying? I guess I'm just not used to wanting to see someone who I made a conscious decision to not want to see.   K. nuff of that. Decisions were made. Lives were changed. Beds must be lied in. Moving along now. nothing to see here.     By the way,  this space   is  for rent. So, if anyone wants to post any notices or advertise anything feel free to drop me a line and we'll work out the logistics. That said:   Wanted:   " Daddy  for medium height, super-cute, skateboarding  boy toy . Must be willing to drive me around and buy me stuff. Will reciprocate by being extremely witty,  hot in bed  and adoring in public. Extremely well-built ( extremely !), but on the skinny side. Not afraid of commitments. Send all responses to  Angel  via Chick's e-mail."  [O.K. so  Angel  didn't really say any of this but I know he wants to. C'mon boys, let's  step lively  here. I want to get this kid  laid by July 4th !)