          Who says there are no decent guys left??   Courtesy of   the Stranger  Personals (Sidenote, how  pathetic  am I that I first clicked on the " classified " tab because I didn't know what " Personals " stood for. I thought it was  kink -specific...)   "GOOD LOOKING, $TABLE, 48YO WIDOWER   Seeks female companionship for possible LTR. I will treat you good--dating a guy with a Corvette in summertime doesn't suck.  8997"    I know it's entirely unnecessary to call attention to the cre8tve spelling but... what sort of woman is this guy after  exactly ? I mean, I can't imagine he's fishing for someone who is  primarily  interested in his wallet (in that case he wouldn't have mentioned the  'Vette .)  dunno, maybe I'm reading  WAY  too much into this but the fact that he says he's  good-looking  and that he'll treat his potential new flame "good" makes me think he really is interested in something a bit beyond your standard business transaction.... Let's hear it folks, is this guy just including those qualities that he thinks women are interested in or is he simply looking to exchange  cold hard cash  for warm, soft ... [the  obvious  rhyme is too crude even for someone of my dilettante sensibilities to transcribe, so I'll stop this particular musing now...moving along....]    O.K. now here's an etiquete point [This morning's blog is simply  filled  with questions that I'll need some answers to from  you , my public, so put your writing caps on...] Yesterday, whilst on the train to go get the  world's-most-perfect-child , I ran into  Angel  and his  New Boy  (who  was  wearing his cowboy boots!!) After a bit of the back and forth I launched into a particularly amusant story re:  something  (I forget exactly what but trust me it was  hilarious ) only to notice, upon finishing, that  the boys  did not seem to find it quite as delightful as I. I mean, they were  polite  and everything but the response was decidedly  restrained . I immediately demanded to know what possibly could have happened during thier  formative  years that could have produced  trauma   so severe that would render them incapable of appreciating a quality story, only to learn that they'd  heard it before . Rather, they'd  read  it before, on my blog. It was  funny  then. Upon re-telling, however it grew a bit  stale .   Now here's my question, I contend that the bastards should have told me  immediately  that I was re-hashing or at the very least, if they were determined to let me  drag myself  to the punchline, they should have done a better job of  pretending  they were at a first hearing. It's  weird  and  uncomfortable  to be upstaged  by yourself  and (not to issue  idle threats  or anything) in a way it sort of makes me think i should either  not write  the good stuff (making for a boring blog) or  not relate  it to random passer-by (making for a boring me). Which is not to say I can't be fully entertaining on both counts! I  gots  stories! You tell me you've heard one, I'll pull another out of the hat but I contend (again, still) that it is up to the  listener  to let me know they've already experienced the  money-shot  for that particular story and that we should please move on. Am I wrong here? what do we think?    Lastly, I've been on a waiting list for a monthly parking space near where I'm currently working for about a month now, and I just got a call saying there was one available. Now, what with summer (no school for the  Boo ) and the  new schedule , I find that I'm not driving all that much these days. Once school begins, in late August, I will undoubtably be driving more (maybe 3 or 4 days a week) but, even so, the fixed, monthly price is comparable to 4-5 days a week parking.  Benefits as I see them:   Guaranteed parking no matter how late i'm running (this may be key once the new kid arrives and I have to work out her schedule as well)  Not having to make sure I have  eight freaking dollars  every single time I feel like parking near work  Drawbacks:   Currently, I don't really need the space since I'm driving so little but I can't be sure another space is going to open up when I do need it  In the grand scheme of things I'll probably be spending a bit more on parking than I would have otherwise  Having a guaranteed space might make me more inclined to drive when I don't need to thus increasing traffic congestion, adding to the greenhouse effect and making me more stressed and thus slightly less pleasant to be around  Having a guaranteed parking space might make me a bit more inclined to sleep in which might lead to unpleasantness in the Nirvana I call work...  So, what do we think? Do I grab this space now or do I let it go and take my chances with fate as they say...