          Exs in da house...!  Well, not really, but i have been thinking alot about them as a group lately. Every coupla months I send an e-mail off to the boy who taught me what  truly inspired sex  is supposed to feel like and he replied ( surprise! ) as well as sent some info on how to contact my  Alaska Man  so I have  Exes  on the brain.... By the way I didn't mean to imply that just because I was  thoroughly schooled  by... let's call him  G , that i'm dissing those who  came before  [{snicker} yeah, that pun was intended]. I was always pretty into the getting nekkid and getting my mack on but, let's just say pre- G , it was mostly  the chase  combined with  the companionship  combined with  the fuzzy, nuturing-type wuvums  that equalled what I  considered to be  "decent sex".  G  taught me how to  f*ck!  and for that I will forever  bow down  to him. Now, I  fully understand  that there are other bits to a healthy relationship and  props  must go to my  Alaska Man  for showing me that I was desirable and smart and funny and worth keeping around just the way I was with  no strings  or conditions attached and for showing me that it's possible  to break up with somebody that you love  but who just isn't right for your life and have that be o.k. -- an  equally laudable  accomplishment even if it's not as sweat-filled. And, while I'm at it,  a shout-out  to  Pretty Boy  for pulling me out of the  abyss  that was my life after me and  G  parted ways, thanks for the  support , the  sweetness  and the  amazing boot-knocking . Also, thank you for letting me live  your  life for awhile while i figured out what the hell to do with mine. To  CP  -- what can I say -- i thought that you were going to be the " forever " one and in some respects you are just not in the way I originally imagined. You gave me my first glimpse at the  heights  (and  depths ) a truly committed relationship can get to and you  helped me produce  and are securely  commited to raising  the world's most  perfect  kid. For that, regardless of whatever it is that you are currently doing to  annoy  me, I will always appreciate you and I will continue to support you in whatever ways I can ( Usually . If I have time. there's some  fine print  in the contract but we can go over that  with the lawyers  at a later date.) And lastly and mostly, my sweet  T . You are one of the most intelligent, empathetic, beautiful women I've ever met. I'm amazed I got the opportunity to become a part of your life and I'm grateful for the 3+ years of  unwavering support  and love you  showed to me  and  everyone in my world . Thank you. Also, I have to say for the record, that there were  other folks  as well who taught me a hell of a lot about loving and supporting and accepting --  Q !! -- that for some reason or another I never paired off with but for whom i will still eternally give thanks that they are willing to be a recurring character in the show that is my life. {sniff} I love you guys!!      Right, now that's that's out of the way...    Back to me! Quick  fill in  on the day yesterday... I had to scoot out of here  mid-morning  to take the  Boo  to a Doctor's appointment (she is fine. she's had a  recurring tummy ache  that we said we'd get looked at so we did. -- Very nice doc didn't find anything to be concerned about so all is good.) By the way, for any of you out there with kids,    Childrens' Hospital in Oakland   is the  best  hospital  ever ! Every single dealing I've had with them from the appointment desk to the advice nurse to the care clinitians has not just been  good , it's been  stellar !! They  rock ! they don't do  HMO  though so switch to whatever  PPO  your company currently offers and  get over there !  So, when I got back to the office  Boss #2  was all freaked out and weird about everything -- she'd been looking for me for  2 and a half hours  and  nobody  knew where I was! My timesheet was  completey screwed up ! The accountant back at home office was breathing down  her  neck and  ready to kill me  if we didn't get this  huge freaking problem  straightened out!! Whatever. Timesheet was fine, somebody in another office read it wrong (actually  Boss #2,  incompetent  wench , could have  easily  figured this out since it took me -- with her standing behind me -- about  three seconds  to check into it)  Penny  (the accountant) was  not  "ready to kill me", to the contrary we exchanged a few e-mails later in the day about  Kid #2  and Salsa dance classes furthermore I told  Boss #3  where I was going before I left... why do people like her  even  exist?? Whatever. (Gawd, she just bugs me on such a major level! O.K. stop. breathe...)  Heard from  Caseworker  about my darling  Rosemary . He faxed my homestudy over to SF DCP (Rosemary's  caseworker  is named  David Lee  so if anybody knows him  call him up  and tell him what a  great  person I am and how totally able I am  to provide  this kid with the  best life ever !  Don't  tell him about the  trysts  with twenty-somethings and the late nights with  Lyle , though. That'll be our little secret...)  Anyways, I think that's essentially that. Was  pissy  due to  B-2  annoyance factor but all-in-all had a fairly productive day. Get to  see my kid  tonight, so that pretty much ensures a  fabulous  mood all day today... we'll see though,  B-2  just popped her head up and glanced over here so i'm sure she's just figured out a new way to goad me into killing her....