          Oh my gawd!  I met  Lyle Lovett .  I.  met .  LYLE LOVETT !!!  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!  K. So, I went to  Santa Rosa  to go see  Mr. Lovett  in concert right? So, I get there about  an hour early  onna counta I have no idea how long it takes to get to the  Luther Burbank Art Center  from San Fran and there’s no way  in hell  I’m going to be late. So, I’m early. I’m waiting calmly with the rest of the  shmoes  (for those of you  unfamiliar  with the  Santa Rosa  demographic, let’s just say there were six " alternatively colored " people there last night.  Four  were  singing  with the band and  one  was  playing Saxophone . Needless to say, I’m somewhat conspicuous.   Cue  Nancy : (Sixty-ish security guard, white hair, sparkley blue eyes, guarding the door to the backstage area) “You waiting for someone, hon’?”  Me:  “nah, I just don’t want to sit with those people yet.” I gesture toward the group I am sandwiched between – lots of “ fun ” jewelry and  authentic  Hawaiian shirts. She grins. I grin. We bond. (What up,  Nancy ! Way to  support a sistah , holla back!)   Thus begins a  rambling 30 minute conversation  about theatre, security guarding, living in  Santa Rosa  for  60 years  (Christ!), inter-ethnic romance, teaching, adoption, stage fright, you name it, we discussed it. Good gal that  Nancy . So anyway, show starts, I go sit. Show  rocks !  Lyle  is cute. For some reason I got this great ticket where I’m in the fourth row,  practically on top of the guy …. Since I know everyone cares,  Mr. Lovett  has a  GREAT  ass! Anyway, show ends, multiple encores. People file out.  Nancy  (remember  Nancy ?) waves me over. Do I want to meet the band? She inquires… I stare. She waits. I nod. She smiles and leads me backstage to a kind of outdoor area where  THE BAND  is milling around. We walk over to where a small group of people including  LYLE LOVETT  are sitting.   The following conversation ensues:   Mitch : (guitar player in the band – to Lyle) Lyle? {Lyle Lovett looks up. Lyle Lovett smiles. (!!)}  Nancy : This is Chick  Lyle Lovett : Hello. {extends hand}  Chick : Hi. {Shakes hand. I shook  Lyle Lovett’s  hand!!} Great show.  Lyle Lovett : Thank you. I’m glad you enjoyed it. ( Lyle Lovett  is glad I enjoyed his show!!) {nods, smiles} Excuse me… {turns attention to someone else}  Wow. All I can say is wow. Such soft hands. You wouldn’t expect  a guitar player  to have such  soft  hands. {sigh} I love  Lyle Lovett . Thank you, god. Thank you, Nancy. For those of you that care, I then turned to  Mr. Mitch  the guitar player and seeing that he was messing around with some  bizarre guitar-ey  thing and asked how many instruments he played. Hour long conversation ensued of which I remember  NOTHING . To make a long story short,  Band  was getting tired.  Nancy  needed to lock up and I was sent on my merry way. Got home around 2am. I am so exhausted right now I may just pass out. Yay! Did I mention that I love  Lyle Lovett ?