          I suck!  Let me begin by saying that I suck. Across the board and categorically, I suck! After all my  whining  about how  nobody  wants to play with me I completely forgot my  very best friend  in the whole world’s birthday (July 2 --  Happy Ups ,  Home-girl !) and for that I should be shot! (or at least smacked around a bit... ){Sigh} Sorry, my best-est of all buddies. I will endeavor to a) make it up to you and b) not be so  completely lame  in the future. Forgive?? Kisses?? Mwah! Mwah!    K. Now then. Can I  just  say, integral lameness notwithstanding, I am in the middle of the  best holiday weekend  ever!   [For those of you who p’raps might be led to think that I  strolled in here early  to write up my adventures, I am in fact, penning this missive on  Sundee eve  still awash in the afterglow of the  best camping trip  ever and waiting on a pot of noodles to finish with their cooking. I  WAS  going to post from home but as I am  lame  (who the hell gave me a computer and why do they think I should be allowed to operate this type of heavy machinery??) and cannot figure out how to make my dial-up work on this stupid Windows 98 system, I am instead typing and saving and posting in the morning when I get to my alternately protocoled cube.]  So. Camping. Amazing! Splendid! Much fun was had by all. Campground was  fantastic , sun was out, gentle breeze was gently breezing.  Boo  and I found the world’s perfect-est places to 1) eat breakfast, 2) access the river, and 3) play a rollicking game of meadow tic tac toe using rocks and small yellow flowers.  Kid  lost  another tooth  for which the  tooth fairy  traded her two friendship bracelets. When I explained that there were two so she could keep one and give the other to a friend my  perfect kid  squinched up her nose and said, “Can a  mom  be a friend?” and handed one to me!! {Dying!}  How much did I totally need to have a million years of time to hang out in the sun with the  world’s perfect-est kid ? Very much, thank you. I am happy and content and brown like a berry. I am also, freshly home and showered and newly slim from all the walking and splashing and floating. Can I  just  say, I’m like eight types of f*ckable right now. You know the laid back, surfer chick “let’s just do this” type? The  sunburned ,  sauntery , “how great does every part of my slightly sore but still very tingly and looking for alternative kinds of exercise body feel” type? I want to  marry me  I am so relaxed.  This  is why the “booty call” was invented. Like  Lauren Bacall  in   To Have and Have Not : “  Here’s that bottle again .” Since I cannot find anybody, I will instead pray to the god of improvisation (you ever notice how the older you get the more willing you are to invest in a detachable shower head?) and find my blessed repose in that manner.  Oh , and it’s not even over. The  fat lady  has not even begun her warm-up on the  perfectness that is my life  because  tomorrow ,  Monday , I am going to see  Mr. Lyle Lovett  in concert with his large band at the  Luther Burbank Memorial Center . Why is it that I am so blessed? Hard to say. My working theory is that I was a  freaking saint  in the  last  life. Whatever though, I’m just about the happiest camper to pitch a pup tent on this earth. At the count of three you may commence wishing you were me. One… Two…