          the irony  Went shopping last night for a few  key , last minute supplies re:  the camp-fest  that will hopefully be happening this weekend. Spent an appropriate sum of money on the  coolest  and  most fabulous  of all quality campground set-up stuff. We are sooo going to be camping  large ! Upon arriving home and after taking the scruffily fantastic  Izzy  out for a quick run; received a call from my dearest  Angel  (why do I feel like a freaking  den mother  all of a sudden??) informing me that his  love , his  raison d’etre , his new  passion/lifelong desire  is (ready for this?)  visiting  from  Texas . I’m so  sorry ,  Honey ! I forgot to mention the  escape clause  that surrounds those who hook up at a  SF Pride event  and now my  Angel  whom I’ve  sworn to protect  is all sad because his  newfound light  is going home in a coupla days. (As a side note:  New Boy  has a pair of  cowboy boots  that he apparently wears on a daily basis. (!!)  How great is that?? Anyway, sorry… re-focusing…) I suck. Well, maybe you guys can write or something… (she says completely dismissing an earlier conversation she was having with our man  Tony  in which she staunchly defended her assertion that “long-distance things  never  work!”… {sigh} oh well, what’s a  den mother  to do?)     Thinking about camping. I  love  camping. My truck is currently a  camping machine ! I have the tiny charcoal grill, the mid-sized tent, the inflatable mattresses with the  electric  pump (because I am officially  too damn old  to blow anything up!) the folding chairs, the sunscreen, the ice packs (which, dammit! I just remembered I left on the counter back home. f***.  Ah well, at this point not even sure if camping is going to happen so will not let it get to me. Who needs cold food anyway??  Iced drinks  are for  wimps !)  I am  sooo  excited. Did I mention I love camping?    Let’s see… anything else exciting going on right this second??  Don’t think so. P’raps I’ll post later when I need a break from the always special stylesheet abstract I’m working on. I’ll do it secretly, of course, because heaven forbid  Boss #2  catches me working on something that has nothing to do with her and her  narrow little world … k. I’m not  even  going to go there as I need to maintain my current jovial outlook. {Breathe in breathe out -- smell the rose... blow out the candle…} There. Much better.