         k. i'm back. Just had to step on over to  Discount Builder's Supply  and see if I could get a little " contact high " from all the  contractor  types whose actual job it is to  fix stuff all day . (!!)  My adorable,  Lumber-cutting-crush-guy  is still there (sheesh, it's gotta be like  15 years  that he's been over there cutting up stuff... I love him beause - among other things - he's  completely sarcastic   and annoyed acting yet at the same time spent the  better part of an entire day  helping me  sketch ,  estimate ,  select  and  cut  the  wood  for my  kid's loft  then turned around and charged me like  1.50  "for cuts" which, for those of you in the know, is  ridiculously cheap  and really very nice. Plus he's got  sexy hands ...) he smiled at me and shook his head and I just MELTED!  Eh, hem... anyways (see, now I'm in a  crushy mood  cause  Professor K  got me all worked up. so I'm remembering all these  other  crushes I never quite managed to get over -- you know, sometimes I think it's harder getting over a  crush  than it is getting over an actual  relationship . It's like with a crush there's no "closure"... although, I can't honestly say any of my relationships ever had real "closure" either but whatever... where was I??)  Speaking of building stuff BTW,  R-B Guy  is back from his trip to   Outter Mongolia  and has graciously offered to help me figure out how I can turn the  aforementioned loft  (which is now supported by two corners of the bedroom) into a free-standing affair which is just  SOOOO  sweet and useful and stuff! {warm, heart-y feelings!!}  so I may just get to keep that thing up and around and in  Boo's  life for longer than i thought! Yay! Cute, funny, comes with his own power tools...!  R-B Guy  = excellent addition to the  Chick posse . Welcome to the club!     In other news, I got into my  Berkeley class  which was GREAT although I was less than prepared to be attending  UC Berk  during the  day , during the  middle of the week . Can we  JUST  say wall-to-wall-22-year-olds?? Shesh! As some of you may or may not know, I look rather like a twelve-year-old meeself so it wasn't (at least not seemingly to me) obvious that I could have parented some of these kids (o.k. maybe not  parented  but very definitely much-older-sister-ed them!!) and as such, I had the most earnest  young people  inquiring as to whether or not I "needed help" finding my "books and stuff" -- "stuff". A very  nice boy  in my class asked me afterward if I "wanted to go get coffee or something and talk about stuff".   Now I know what "stuff" meant back when I was in  high school  but I'm not super sure what it means to the kids today.... Anyone? Was i being "asked out"??? and if so, was it really bad to have  laughed  in his face?? (Seriously, I didn't  mean  to, he was just being so  Grad  student, and  EARNEST  and everything!! I know, I know, I need to  do us all a favor  and just stop it right now! It's hard though cause in a way it feels like I'm getting a chance to go back and do  high school  again only without all the  bizarre insecurities  and need to be home by 9:00...! Although how ironic is it that now i WANT to be home by 9:00! Hee Hee...) Anyway. It's light years different from my  Mills class  where not only am I among the youngest, I'm also one of the ones with the fewest/youngest kids -- interesting being able to compare the two....