          It's all about the book learnin'!!  First day of class for our little miss  Chick  and it was GREAT! I already have a  HUGE  crush on my  Professor  (D. Ketelle =  Hot !) which is very nice cause it's been  years  since I've gotten to do the  schoolgirl googley-eyed  thing. Have I mentioned that she's  great ! She's all  "older" lady  and  jokey-joke  and  smart  and  extended eye-contactey ... {sigh} we wuv.... There was one bizzare happening vis a vis class last night, I was looking around at all my  new cohorts  and I saw a  vaguely familiar  face which I just couldn't place until... (ta-da!) I finally figured out that this was the chick I had my very second  girl-specific crush  on!! It was about  9 years ago  and we were both working at   TRoT  -- actually, she left soon after I started and I ended up getting her job as  Production Assistant ... We had this raving  ASS  for a  boss  and he told me she was gay so I spent the  rest of our time together  trying to hit on her... She's one of those  shy, retiring types  so I think we can all predict how well that went over! I never found out if she really was bent or not. (Right this second she's  married  with a  new baby  but I'm coming to find that doesn't really mean much...)  Anyway, it was interesting/wierd to talk to her again. She's still  pretty cute  in that shy retiring way but I'm not as attracted to those types anymore. The girl sitting NEXT to me though...! Now THERE's someone I'd like to be my " study partner " heh heh heh...  Leaving at 11:30 today to go see if I can get into my  second class  at  Berk.  I'm actually not going to be so sad if I don't since I'm temporarily signed up for a Wed. eve class with the delicious  Prof. K . so I'm thinking it'll work out either way.  Prof. K  is shorter than me (a fact which I do not usually find all that appealing but I gotta say when a cute little professor grins up at you and says "Welcome, Cynthia!" well, gosh darn it, it's hard not to get a little melt-y...!) Hee Hee!  Let's see... what else...? I think that's it fer now. I'll try to check in after the Berk class and give a quick update. Til then, I expect everyone to be on their very BEST behavior! Kisses n' stuff!