          Who writes these things...?    Aquarius  - Horoscope (by Astrocenter.com) 8/26/2003 A friend from a distant state or foreign country whom you may not have seen for a while could awaken strange new feelings in you for which you're totally unprepared, dear Aquarius. You may even see this person as a potential romantic partner. What you do about it, of course, depends on your situation. However, it probably isn't a good idea to pursue this attraction today. It may pass. Wait a few days, and if it's still there, well, who knows...   Ha! Sooooo, too late! And  on that note , thank you, my darling  Dirty Boy  for the "wake-up call" this morn. And for the books! You are a  boy  among  men  and I like you all the more for it!     eh, hem... Now then, main point of this morning's posting (which may or may not turn out to simply be an  extended rationalization  designed to cover the fact that I am proving to be completely unable to keep my filthy paws off the baby brother of a  dear old friend , but, as with everything else, we shall see shalln't we...)   oh! but before we get into that, can I  just  say, yesterday I went to meet  CP  and the  Boo  for the post-first-day-as-a-first-grader debriefing and in picking up aformentioned child (whilst she was off scampering around the playground one last time) I found myself embroiled in a conversation with  two ladies  about the "original"   Bratz  dolls vis a vis the   newer    introductions . Did I mention that these girls were  7  and  9  respectively? Did I mention that  Boo  was  NOWHERE  near the discussion area and that when she did finally come running up, backpack in place, ready to go, I made her  wait  whilst I  clarified a point  or two regarding a hertofore unknown   addition  to the pack(!!) I swear, there is something so intrinsically  wrong  with me it's almost a shame we can't map it on the human genome and start selecting against it in our unborn children. Anyway.... where was I?????     ah, yes, my theory of connection or what I like to call the " Connection Continuum " [jot that down folks and remember, when you see it showing up on  Dr. Phil , you saw it  here  first!]  K. essentially what we are talking about is this. I'm thinking that everyone (and by  everyone , I mean  me ) has an  established set  of ways in which they connect. Now I'm not saying that they necessarily have an established set of rules by which they become  attracted  or otherwise  induced  to connect (although, I'm working that  theory  out as well...) but that once they've decided that  connection  is what they're after then there is a  pattern  to the various things they do in which to derive the  greatest amount of satisfaction  from that particular type of connection.   For instance -- consider the first date. There are those who would NEVER consider kissing/touching/whathaveyou on the first date regardless of how much they may want to. Part of this may be due to societal influence, lack of self-knowledge, having eaten garlic for lunch but assuming that none of these is the overwhelming factor, I would posit that once a person has decided that a connection would be appropriate there is a script (or as we shall see upon  further explication ) a series of scriptlets which they follow that are essentially the same practically regardless of the individual who inspired them.   Now let me be perfectly clear. If I happen to find  a person  attractive due to their  devastating wit  and in finding them attractive I decide I would like to continue talking to them this is  not  to say that if I happen upon  another individual  who happens to have the  nicest tits  I've ever seen that my immediate response toward  her  will be to commence with the chinwag.... What I mean by  scriptlets  is that while I think that different people will arouse different reactions I think it's fair to say that the way in which I  choose to react  to someone with a beautiful body is probably going to be  pretty close  to the way in which I respond to an entirely different person who also has a beautiful (albeit differently beautiful) body. I'm talking about  pattern-making , people, and I don't necessarily think is a bad thing. What  is  bad (and here's one of the places where  everybody gets it wrong ) is not having enough recognized patterns to cover the full spectrum of connection and so being forced to apply a pattern that may not be appropriate to the situation simply because it is familiar.  The way I see it, connection can best be described as a  spectrum . At the one end (let's say the  red  end) you have  pure unadulterated lust . At the other (the blue) you have the pristine clarity of  platonic attachment .  The first thing to note is that one cannot say that red is  better  than blue or vice versa. One may  prefer  the red tones to the blue but that's fairly situational in my opinion. The other thing to note would be that while there may be  variances in intensity , there is no  inherent escalation  in the spectrum. Red does not HAVE to turn into blue. It  might . Then again it might not, but it's not a predetermined path by which one should be made to  feel bad  if things aren't "moving along" there is no "along" there is only the  continuum .   So then, here we have our  continuum  and our  patterns of behavior . My contention is that, should a person, for whatever reason touch down in a particular spot on our continuum we will pull out whichever behavior we know will give us the most  satisfactory interaction  for that color. Case in point: My beautiful  Dirty Boy  weighs in at a fair to moderately intense red-orange. Given that this is where he falls I think that it is fine to just freaking  jump  on him instead of trying to treat him like I would a  green-y blue  acquaintance wherein I might try to have some deep intellectual conversation with him vis a vis my fears around flunking school, screwing up both of my eventual kid's lives and completely f***ing up at work thus getting my ass  severely  reprimanded,  embarrassed  beyond belief, and  eventually fired  (a conversation which I  guarantee  you he has no interest  in  nor aptitude  for ). Again, not to say that  DB  is simply good for the  one type  of interaction. I am a  flexible ,  open-minded  gal and the  continuum  is just that. Any person invited into my personal  connection arena  is more than welcome to exercise  any and all latitude  in exploring its  prodigious length .   One  key  point here, however is that there is  not  a great deal changeablility in regards to  girth . I am who I am and I will react to one  intense violet blue  in approximately the same way (allowing for SOME variance in circumstance etc.) as I would  another violet-blue . That is to say, I will get  hugely possessive  of you and try to  take care of every single aspect  of your life to the point where (unless you are a  five year old child ) it may actually prove fairly  insufferable . This is how I am with my  violet blues . If you  want  to be a  violet blue  yet at the same time expect me to be  somewhat relaxed  about my  deathgrip  on your life, it, simply put, just ain't going to happen.  Green-y blues  have an easier time. While I may still sort of assume I own you, I'll at least let you have the time and space to live your own damn life (provided you  update me constantly  and there is at least  tacit  agreement that it's only a  serious fluke  of happenstance that your life isn't  completely  revolving around me.)  I guess my  key point  here though, is that  regardless  of the place you happen to be on the violet end of that continuum, there WILL be a measure of ownership on my part. That's what I mean by  patterns . Interestingly enough, I'm not particularly possessive of my  Reds . I think one thing that may happen in my life is that I end up in a relationship with someone who's mostly  purple  (that being a mix of blue and red for all you non-"creative" types) and that they may  assign an aspect  of how I'm acting (e.g. possessive) to the  red  (sex) side when, in fact, the  redder it gets  the  less  likely I am to demand fidelity...  But I guess that's just grit for another mill....  Anyways. I'm tired of writing and that's really the gist of it. Just some of what I was thinking on my drive in this morning. Thoughts? Anyone...?