          I'm baaaaccccckkkkk!  Quick show of hands,  who missed me?!! Well, my goodness, I sure am thrilled to be back and posting and all of that! Whew... where to begin...??!     Let's start with a quick shout out to  Pretty Boy  who is sweet and adorable; who I love like a brother (well, not  exactly  like a brother. Maybe more like a  step -brother... or a cousin...  second  cousin... eh, hem... anyways) and who I will always value as a contributing member to my  life  and  happiness  {sniff. Wipe eye...} and whom I was momentarily annoyed at for seemingly blowing me off but with whom I have since made it completely up with... (did that make sense? Oh, well, you know what I mean.)     Next, much love and  "feel better"  thoughts go out to my sad, sick, little buddy  Q  who is dying right now and soooo deserves not to be (again with the playing fast and loose with the English language...  Professor Zimmerman  at SFSU would be so dissapointed...!) Hope you're doing better and that the life is not so overwhelming as to make it impossible for you to get the rest you need.  As always, let me know if I can do anything to help.  Kisses !     As far as  Boo  news goes -- extended week-end with her was  FABULOUS  -- very  sunny  and  relaxed . Not nearly long enough!  First day of school  for my great big  1st Grader  is today and this morning's drop-off was a bit  mixed . Initially we had lots of  big girl happy excited-ness  (not to mention long, new, pink,  ponytails  and a fancy new purple  back-to-school outfit !) but upon arriving in  class  and being introduced to our  new teacher  (who seems very nice -- very  focused  if you get my drift) we had a  classmate  of ours, who we knew from  Kindergarten  mention that our  fancy new ponytails  looked "crazy" which we took  badly  and then proceeded to cry. No worries though.  Parents  were  consulted , assurances were made ( insulting child  was  immediately  dispatched to the area where "all-who-harm-or-worry-my-kid" are summarily killed -- his mom is  young , she can have more...!) and my little  trooper  went back to the mat to begin her  first learning day . All-in-all I thought the whole thing went quite well.  CP  had some reservations (she had some misgivings about allowing  Miss Boo  to make decisions which might lead to her being  teased , like for instance if she wants long, pink hair; wherein I am  quite comfortable  with the idea since, truth be told, I'm all OVAH doing  whatever you want  with your self -- so long as it's age-appropriate -- even if it means there are  those in the world  who may make fun of you but, being both  respectful  and  supportive , I  did  take note of  CP's  concerns and if the teasing/unhappiness continues, am o.k. with  Miss Boo  returning to her former hairstyle earlier than planned...)  {sigh}My little bub! She's just growing up so fast!