          that last post was a classic!  Trust me... So, I've just fallen victim to the ever elusive disappearing post!   K. let's see, there was something about the week-end being FAB... some blah dee blah about a picnic,  Boo  felt old... Gave  Mistah Lovah-Lovah  my truck... got sweet  check-in call  from  R-B Guy  who is living life o'reilly out in the  Great Plains  area (not really, I'm just not super sure where  Montana  is. I mean, people keep trying to explain it to me but I'm just not  visualizing  it. S'o.k. though. I  blame our schools .) Let's see... what else... oh, typed in conversation tween me and  Scary Girl  to try to ascertain if I was THE most  horrible person  alive and since I just so happen to have it here, i will paste it in again...   Scary Girl: You suck!  Chick: Sorry.  Scary Girl: You should be.  Scary Girl: Why did you even place an ad?  Chick: I don't know. I just... I mean I placed it in the boy section then I got all " Bi " n sheet and thought might as well place it in the girl side too...  Scary Girl: That's stupid  Chick: Yeah...  Scary Girl: so, what's the deal  Chick: whaddaya mean  Scary Girl: You like me  Chick: Yup  Scary Girl: I like you  Chick: Yup  Scary Girl: So... that's it. We stop here?  Chick: I guess  Scary Girl: You're weird  Chick: I know. I'm sorry.  Scary Girl: Stupid.  Scary Girl: So, I'm going to stop talking to you then.  Chick: K.  Scary Girl: I mean, it just seems kind of pointless  Chick: Yeah, I know.  Chick: I'm sorry. I really didn't think I was going to freak out. I suck  Scary Girl: YES you do!  Chick: See, this is what I mean. I haven't even MET you and it feels like we're breaking up!  Scary Girl: Yeah.  Scary Girl: K. so, whatever. Your decision, I guess. Good luck on your travels through "Man-Land".  Chick: Hey, this isn't about that! You just scare me is all.  Scary Girl: Thanks.  Chick: {giggle}Man-Land  Scary Girl: [anouncer voice]"Man-Land! Land of the writhing, nubile, young Man! Where men are men and women are scared!"  Chick: Ha!  Chick: Sorry.  Scary Girl: You're missing out.  Chick: I know.  Scary Girl: YOu suck.  Chick: I know that too.  Scary Girl: I'm gonna go.  Chick: K.  Scary Girl: Let me know when you stop being a chickenshit loser.  Chick: K.  Scary Girl: Bye.  Chick: Bye.  Yup. I suck.