          2 old 2 B Hootchie?  On my way to work this morning I happened to pass by my favorite store of all time; a little boutique called  Ragmatazz . Upon glancing in, I spied, there in the lower left side of the store display, a pair of  pink, seude, velcro tennies . I began to salivate. beads of sweat dotted my brow. I feverishly checked the hours of business and considered the feasibility of  hanging around outside  for close to two hours until the manager arrived so I could explain my situation and perhaps get her to do  one  pre-sale...just one,  please .... while I was thus captivated, a  largish woman  who appeared to be mid-forties, possibly fifty arrived on the scene with a set of keys. She saw me staring hungrily at the shoes and hopefully at her and laughed. "I'm just going into the side office" she remarked, "but those are nice. I have a pair." she nodded and winked and went on her way.   O.K. Here's the thing.  Me  liking the shoes? Cool. Fresh. Contemporary with just a hint of youthful whimsy, dare, i say, even slightly Fly.  Her  liking the shoes?? I dunno. She seemed very nice and all that but she was just so... old . When I was a twenty-nothing I worked at a "vintage" clothing store in the Haight called the  Wasteland . I'm not gonna say we copped tude or anything but we were sort of expected to be  half an hour beyond whatever was going on right now  and we did act somewhat superior about it. Thing is, I remember these old ladies coming in (like  35-40 !) with all this money and their newly lifted bodies buying stacks of stuff and (I'm not ashamed to say it) these women were regarded with  just a trace of pity . Back to me. now. I want those shoes. I like  Forever 21  dammit! I  try  to dress like a rebrobate. Granted not at work (usually) and not nearly to the extent that I did - back when the body was a bit more, shall we say...  slammin' . But what does this make me?? Have I become  one of them ? I've already accepted the fact that I'm going to embarrass my kid(s) Will this be my area of annoyance? (Interestingly enough,  my mom  has been known to throw togther an enemble that  makes her accessories cringe  and throughout my growing years, I've at times wondered why she " couldn't just dress like a normal mom "... eh hem... realizing, of course, that that has  NOTHING  to do with this post, so... moving along...) I don't think I'm an embarrassment  yet ... My friends are still,  for the most part , willing to hang out with me. But... (and here's the rub) even if I  was  pathetically clinging to  the styles of my youth ... I don't think I'd do anything about it. The one thing that makes sense to me as a 35 year old lady is that this is what I'm like. This is me. My hair won't grow longer than my shoulders, I will always scoff at {shudder}  green  food. I wear ripped clothes. I like old books bound with leather bindings and I love my kid's shoes. I'll age out of the other mid-twenties stuff (no more drama if it can be avoided, and definitely no more staring at someone for three hours in a club waiting for them to come talk to me then going home alone. In fact, no more clubs period. Clubs suck.) but the clothes thing... Nah. To all those ladies I snickered at back in my Wasteland days,   a heartfelt apology  . You go, my fashion-sistahs -- You're  never  to old to be Hootchie!    So, I participated in this   survey  last night. It took fifty million years to complete but it  was  interesting to see the sort of  methodology  utilized by our  United states Governmental  fact finding agencies.   [alert:  Grad school  geeking out ahead. If you're eyes begin to glaze over, skip to the  next section . It's got  puppies ...]   First off, the materials were in  English  and  Spanish . There are apparently no readers of any other  ethnic flavor  that our government is interested in.  Filipino ? nah, thanks all the same.  Russian ? Nope. Sorry. I found this interesting. Also interesting was the fact that  the guy conducting the survey  had to  read each question  (and all the responses) out loud. He  had  to. I tried interrupting a few times (for instance when the answer I wanted to give was listed  first ) but was informed that "all the answers  must be read  in case there is a more appropriate one in the list."  I also realized that  I suck at math . A part of the survey involved deciphering ad content. For instance: if a pillow is typically 12.99 but is on sale for 9.99 and you have a 10% off coupon, how much will you end up paying? huh? In real life i just hand over a twenty but  that's not gonna cut it  as far as the  United States Government  is concerned!   There were some great, questions about children's reading too. "Do you read more than 15 minutes a day to your school-age child?", "Does your child see you reading - often, sometimes, seldom, not at all?" Oh! and the best part was the end where I got to read made-up words. I dunno what they're checking with that but i gotta tell ya, who knew simply reading the word " floom " off a card could make a person so smiley??   Anyways, interesting experience. I highly recommend to anyone who is approached for (non-incriminating) data that they tell all.  Everything in our world is based on numbers  and the more of us out there adding to the national statistics the less likely (I would hope) it will be that truly evil things (like library closures in poorer neighborhoods) get suggested.    Puppies!!