          I'm here, I'm queer...  and I'm  tired ! That's right folks, I'm  still  tired! I am  never  ever going to catch up on what is rounding out to be  years  of lost sleep and dammit, I'm feeling a little  pissy  about it right now...  Although, re:  that  -- it is entirely possible that I'm  pissy  due to some  bizzarre hormonal imbalance  since i haven't yet received a visit from " my  friend  " this month. Typically, I'm like clockwork down there (arguably the  only  area in my life where I'm predictably normal) but not this time. And I gotta say, i'm conflicted. It's not that I LIKE the  pain  and  annoyance  and  puffy parts  but at the same time, having the schedule suddenly  decide to get freaky  on me just makes me think thoughts like "Well, you  are  getting older. Maybe this is what happens when  your body starts to decay ..." Nice. Anyway. I'm probably  pregnant . Ah, the joys of one bi-girl's life. Limited time only, win a chance at being ME! Line forms to the left gals, no shoving....      Kid's  last day of camp is today. She is very excited to start school again as am I. Have I mentioned that  Boo  is the  very best kid  in the whole world? She's taken to noticing when I do stuff that she considers "nice" and remarking on it. For instance, we have an  HORRENDOUS  ant problem at  Chez Chick  and I'm always running around with a  soapy cloth  and a  broom  and this  top secret Chinese "Ant-be-Gone" chalk  trying to keep the  little monsters   out  of the cat food, refrigerator, bed etc. ... So, this morning we're already in the car heading across the bridge when I remember that I left a  fishstick  on the dishrack (Do NOT ask). I groan.  Kid  asks why. I explain that I left a  fishstick  out on the dishrack and that the  ants  are going to notify all their friends and arrange a kick-ass (I didn't really say "kick-ass")  houseparty/breakfast/brunch  retreat wherein all  four thousand colonies  will march straight into the house and start  treating the kitchen counter  like the  US  treated the  Phillipines  in the early fifties. (Yeah, I know. I don't expect her to get  ALL  the references but it does set up some interesting playground dialog for later in the day... ) to which she replied "Well, that's o.k. [ When , I ask you, is COVERT invasion ever o.k.??] because they need to eat too." "The ants?" I asked, checking the rear view mirror to make sure that MY child (the one who will wake from a sound sleep in order to inspect the couch for any lingering signs of the tiny black bastards before allowing me to set her down on it) has not been replaced by some tree-hugging, hippy, no-belly-button, kid-automaton from    Disney   corp. "Yes," she says having another bite of apple. "That was a nice thing you did." She then added "Let them have their breakfast in peace. You can kill them when we get home."