          TEH UPDAET FOR 2DAY IS IM STIL SIK11!1 OMG WTF  Thanks to   The English-to-12-Year-Old-AOLer Translator  for translating my standard bitchy, whine re: sick, tired, etc. into "Tween-speak"! We wuv!  k. so... that's it really. still sick. (flu/cold - damn you,  DB !!).... Stayed home yesterday which was nice in a snotty-fairly-constant-blowing-of-the-nose kind of way....  oh! wait! That is  NOT  it! two very important  bits of occurence  did occur yesterday -- first and most important was the offering by  Caseworker  of a  second  potential  Sis-for-Boo's  file for my perusal. This  lovely little girl  is  3.5 y.o.  and seems  completely  stellar. She is, however, already quite grown up and we've (me and the  Boo ) had a number of conversations in which we agreed that the  way coolest  part of her  big sister-ness  was that she gets to be the " big  kid" (kind of offsets the  crappy  part of no longer having your  room to yourself , no longer having your  mom's undivided attention  and having everyone in existence suddenly thinking the  baby is cuter than you ). Not that the  3.5 yo  is  huge  or anything but there's a very good chance she will outgrow  Miss Boo  in  the next year or so... which might be fine. I dunno. We're going to discuss tonight.   Other weirdness about this case is that this is one of the kids that is embroiled in the "high profile" case currently being addressed at SF County meaning that  this kid  is essentially the  reason   Rosemary's  caseworker hasn't been able to devote any time to  that  case... I dunno, I told  my  Caseworker that the whole thing feels a little  "conflict-of-interest"-ey since I'd obviously prefer  Rosemary  but noone is going to work on getting her placed until after  3.5 yo  is sorted out and I happen to be one of the  potential solutions  in  3.5 case  which  logically  (to me at least, I'm not getting the sense anyone else  sees the problem ) kind of takes me  out  of the  Rosemary  pool...It's all very odd... The word "compartmentalize" was thrown about a bit in terms of what I am supposed to be doing re: these two girls but since what we're talking about are actual  human persons  and that this concerns  the rest of our lives , i'm kinda thinking it's  not  such a great idea to try to "narrow my focus"... {sigh} Ever feel like you're completely missing something...?    Second noteworthy thing would be my  truck . I need to get it  smogged  and  registered . I was driving it to  smog place  yesterday when I notice "check engine" light is once again on. (It comes and goes.)  Nice smog man  tells me that he cannot do the smog check while light is on. I take truck to  reasonable mechanic  who tells me he cannot fix light because it has "something to do with the emissions system" and apparently the someone has to "check the computer it has inside it" so I then took it to the  dealership  where I was informed that it will cost  156.00  to "put it on the machine" to  diagnose  the problem after which I will get a call re how much it will cost to fix. Oh and BTW my warranty expired  THREE  days ago... (!!) So, then, let's re-cap shall we? I need to pay my registration ( 93.00 ) which requires a smog check ( 54.00+certificate ) which means I need to get "check engine" light diagnosed ( 156.00 ) and fixed ( $$$$$ !) meaning that i'm looking at  4-500.00  due  in full  by the end of  this  month in order to continue legally driving to work. In the words on our Twelve-year-old AOL friends --  WTF ??!!