          Gosh, where does the time go??   {yawn!} I'm sooooooo tired right now I cannot even stand it! K. Let's see. quick week-end update: Good. Very fab. Had less time with  the kid  than I would have liked (she had a fabulous  playdate/sleepover  on Sat. and a    birthday party   on Sundee so I got to actually interact with her NOT AT ALL!) but I did get  some  quality snuggles which, added to the delightful fact that I have her tonight AND I get her all week-end next week-end, suddenly makes it much more workable...  Also got to have some  quality hang time  with the effervescent  Lu  who continues to be the  most fabulous  almost two-year-old in existence! We three had a  very fun  breakfast at this  cafe/diner place  I like to go to. Let's just say a fair amount of " Sugar Packet poker " was played (I'm not super sure but i think  Boo  kicked my butt -- toward the end there was a suden shift toward  creamer/jelly architecture  that may or may not have effected the overall outcome....)   Also on Sundee, got to go see  Miss Tail's  new  swanky-swank aparte-mont  in the fabulously historic  Cole Valley  area where everyone is twenty-eight and nobody  thinks  they're rich! Suffice to say, her new digs are  tres cute  and  awfully nice  and I'm sure she's going to be wonderfully happy there... Yay!  Thanks, BTW, to all my super-dooper wonderful well-wishing  friends  re: the new job sitch. I'm sure you're all sick of hearing me whine so I'm doubly grateful that your congratulations are taking the form of "Good for you!" instead of "Are you finally going to shut up now??!" Anyway, we  wuv !  mwah !  mwah !  Oh, and one other follow up thing, re:  Boo's Best Friend  and  Lane  (aka sociopath-waiting-to-happen).. Some of you may remember I wrote this long diatribe about the  little monster  and my disbelief re: the "inaction" of  BBF's mom  vis a vis his continued pounding of  BBF ... Well, I've since spent a bit more time talking to  the mom  in question as well as just generally hanging out with their family and while I am still kind of amazed that that sort of event was allowed to occur I have (I think) a better understanding of their particular parenting style (let's just say they seem to have  a far greater threshhold  of "Let's wait and see how the kid handles it" than I do but I also saw that they -- the mom in particular -- were at the same time fairly supportive, so...) also  BBF's mom  when I inquired as to what the heck the deal was with "that kid" responded with "Yeah, I know. He's gotten pretty bad. I don't think we're going to let him come over anymore" which (although it is not strictly speaking  any  of my business) at least gives me the feeling that she's not completely oblivious to her kid's welfare.  Ha! She also told me that the  Little Sociopath's  dad is a cop!  Yay !