          still tired, after all these years...  I'm  EGG -sausted!   O.K. so I was talking to my  sick friend  last night and he mentioned how  cool  it would be to 1) get yourself on the  gubernatorial ballot  and 2) sneak out of the polling place with the one they give you (since it now that it has your name on it) so you can keep for posterity/show it to your kids should they someday  question  your life in politics/impact on affairs that  really  matter... An idea which I think it  BRILLIANT , BTW! He's from  New Mexico  though... does anyone know if you have to be a  California  resident to be governor (I'm assuming but you never know) and if so how long it takes to become " residential "?   And speaking of  sick friends  (and tying nicely back to my  header , if I do say so mee-self) I would  just  like to say that  if you are sick  and you're planning to  come to my house  and get your  sick germs  everywhere so my  kid  catches them and in turn becomes sick -- thus creating a situation where I need to  stay up all night  making sure  noses  are wiped,  backs  are rubbed and  nosebleeds  are stopped --  DON'T ! Please, I beg of you, if you are ill please be kind enough to keep your sick ass  away  from my house and my family and most importantly  me  because I'm already engaged in an extremely tenuous dance with our good friend  sanity  and  further loss of sleep  is just not going to help anybody at this point...! I'm  not  saying I won't come visit and  rub your footsies  and  bring you soup . I just don't need any new and exciting  germage   introduced into the permanent part of my life.  Let's see.... I don't really think there's anything else noteworthy going on right this second... Still waiting to hear back from  Caseworker  re:  Bub-2  (aka:Rosemary).   Scary Girl  and I continue to correspond. She gets HUGE points for  laughing  at me when, after she suggested we should maybe meet I came back with "I guess. But, don't you think that would ruin it...??!"   R-B Guy  is gone gone gone today, I think. Off to the rolling hills of some central state where he can row around in his kayak, ride around on his   bike  and daydream about all the things he's going to do to me when he gets back... ah, vacations! ain't they GRAND! Seriously though, not sure if you're reading this  RBG  but good luck and good riding! Hope you have a fabulous time out in the netherlands. Try not to get sideswiped by a truck.