          Nothing to report  Not alot going on this morning. I didn't sleep  at all  last night (don't know why -- possibly the  hot flashes ) so I'm kind of sleepy right now. I'm also really  wanting to be touched  (not like  THAT  you perverts!) just kind of  stroked  and  cuddled . My  cats  were sleeping stretched out on either side of me when I "woke up" this morning and it was so nice having two  purring warm bodies  all snuggled up next to me that i actually stayed in bed a full  half hour  longer than usual just soaking up the  kitty cat love .  Meaning, of course, that I was late for work. {Sigh} why is it that they don't just  send me my check  regardless of what I choose to do with my day? What's up with the whole " strings  attached" way of working we've set-up in this country??! Sheesh?! What happened to the  trust , people??   K. Anyways... I  really  want to go see   this . It's opening in  Vegas  and it promises to be  flat-out amazing . I'm on the  mailing list  so they keep sending me snippets of the  pre-show preparations  (which is cool in and of itself)... It's supposedly  all about sex  so I can't go by myself (well, I mean, I  could  but I've been getting some  weird vibes  from myself lately so I think I'm just going to give myself a little room to figure out where I want this realtionship to go and hopefully to stop being such a  complete bitch  to myself all the freaking time...!! but that's another blog...) Which means,  in a nutshell  that I need someone to go with me who is 1)  willing to sleep with me  after (and possibly during) the show, 2)  not  willing to sleep with me but willing to let me watch while they  sleep with someone  else (preferably someone whom I find attractive) or 3)  willing to go with me and while  initially  saying they're  not  going to sleep with me, due to their complete lack of self-control/copious amounts of alcohol, willing to be "persuaded" that sleeping with me might not be so far out of the question.... So, there it is folks. If you or anybody you know fits into one or more of these categories and fancies a trip to  Vegas  let me know. We need to get moving on this, time's a wastin'...!