          now then, where were we...?  ah yes... the  week-end . As we all know the  peeps  were in town and  much hilarity  was had by all!  Thirteen year old niece  continues to be a  splendid  individual (there are  all sorts  of interesting observations that i made vis a vis her and her familial, seemingly-hereditary  traits  and her  dad's influence  and her  likeness  to the  Boo  but I'm going to wait to write about all of that onna counta I'm sure my  reading public  is  far more interested  in finding out how  date #2  went and whether or not the  Chick-ster  " got some "...)  But  first , let me just say  Sat. eve  out with the  crew  was made  especially nice  by the apearance of  Mistah Lovah-Lovah  and the always splendid  Miss K . who joined  the family  for some food and some    HyperBowl   butt kicking action! [For some  unfathomable  reason my child very much adores  Mr. L-L   -- also, I think  Boo  was needing a little  bolster  to her cool factor since she had this new-fangled grown-up  cousin  trying to  boss her around  all week-end, and being  able to summon  a cool fun adult of her own who had  no allegiance  to the  wanna-be monarch  pretty much made her night -- as  such , I am  especially  grateful to  Mr. L-L  and his for thier somewhat short notice cameo.]    Now then... the  date ... Actually, did I mention my  boots ? I just got some  kickin new boots  that I  cannot  wait to have an excuse to wear...! K. {giggle} sorry. {serious face} the  date . The date was nice.  B-R guy  [who actually will be henceforth referred to as  R-B guy  -- that's right folks  unlike   Young Lad , there will be a  henceforth  with this one...!] was/is super cute, pretty blue eyes, cute teeth (which, for those of you that know me,  pretty much says it all ), witty conversationally, sweet personality-wise, super soft lips.... eh hem....   Point at which I  knew without a doubt  that  date  was successful was when we were at his car and I was looking at this  Motorcycle racing magazine  (O.K. I was actually  fixated  by the  naked  girl lying on the ground next to the bike in the center spread) and he remarked on how nice it was that i was  showing interest  in his  hobby of choice ! Ha! "Showing interest"?? Is that what the kids are calling it these days? I got chore  interest  right here, heh heh, heh.... Anyways,  R-B guy =full on cutie and (because my life does not  always  work exactly the way I'd like it too) he's  leaving  for an extended ride across this great country of ours for a few weeks! Yay! But, no worries. I'm going to try to see him again before he goes -- besides which, I figure it'll take awhile for the  marks to fade  so at least he'll have something to remember me by, right? Ha! just kidding,  R-B guy  was a complete gentleman, a credit to his sex... {smile} eh hem.    So,  anyways , very nice time was had by all. And...what's the perfect way to follow up a sweet date with a sweet guy? Extra points go to those of you in the audience who guessed "arriving home only to be greeted by a snotty, feverish  Dirty Boy  curled up in a miserable heap on your couch"!  Janice , tell em what they've won!!   Yup, it would seem our little  Angel  wanted to make the  sweet love  with  Mr. Austin  one last time {sniff} before he hightailed it back to the  land of the High Hair  and kicked our hero  out into the street ! Having  no place else to go  (I can think of  four  or  five  places off the top of  my  head but then again, i'm not feverish...) ta-Da!  I  was blessed with a visit. (This is  particularly  ironic because I was  JUST  talking to  R-B guy  about how one should  never  let someone get into the habit of "just dropping in" to one's apartment when one is not home...  Funny  huh? Anyway, I got  Mr. Stuffy  undressed and into bed and pretty much decided that since I now had a  captive audience  I might as well  talk his ear off . (For the record,  DB  agrees with me that  R-B guy  "sounds nice" and this is probably "just what I need" although I think he may have just been saying that so I'd go away and  let him sleep  but whatever.... It still sounded good coming from an  objective  source. I'm going to check in with  Best Buddy Q  later on today to get the  REAL  scoop on what I should be thinking about all of this but it was nice getting to indulge in a little immediate post-date analysis...) {sigh} o.k. now I'm getting tired. Coffee now, more writing later, maybe...