          Damn, now I need a new axiom...   So, today, on the way into the city, I mention to the  kid  that I want to get my  hair cut  this weekend. She says "Why? Your hair looks fine." I reply with a bunch of blah blah blah about comfort with hair styles and how it gets "fuzzy" and how I  just like it  when it's shorter, etc. She accepts this. Then later as we're walking to her class she says "I wish my hair was like H.'s" "Why?! Your hair is adorable!" reply I, forehead furrowed; need to instill ability to  frame a positive self-image /overwhelming  sense of disbelief  that my kid sees herself as anything  less than perfect  always, swelling within my maternal breast. "I dunno," says she, shrugging. "I just like it when it's long."  {...!}    in other news,  friend for life   Tony  just brought in this   book  about relationships based on  astrological signs  that is  creeping  me out! First off, let's ignore the (in my humble opinion  more than slightly  accurate) defining of my  week of birth  as "The week of Genius" -- here is the beginning of the descriptive paragraph outlining my situation should I choose to pair with someone say, whose birthday is... let's see... how about {choosing at random here...} July 2nd:   "This can be a brillant combination for furthering projects and realizing goals. The relationship lets it's partners know that they do well operating in a broad social context; together these two naturally take the lead in any endeavor, meanwhile sharing few tensions between themselves over dominance and control. They do, however, demand the highest quality both in others and in themselves. The realtionship's quality of nurturing and understanding hatches new ideas the way a brooder hatches chicks...."   Here's me and the kid:   "The Libra I - Aquarius I couple is likely to have a liberating effect on those with whom it comes in contact with. The emphasis in this relationship is not so much on the independence of each partner but on thier combined power to undermine authority and loosen the bonds of tradition - in general to promote a freethinkng and forward-looking ideology or lifestyle. Libra I and Aquarius I lie in trine aspect to each other in the zodiac suggesting an ease between them...."   Hee Hee!   Anyway. I'm becoming obsessed. Damn you,  Tony  for bringing this poison to my desk!! Must... work... now.... step away from the book....