          These guys are my new music review heroes  For no other reason than one of their reviews contained this sentence:   "It's something of a relief in these times of bands bothering to make decent music that pop's core values - ridiculous hair, pointing one's penis at a lady in a mask..."    combined with a   picture .     K. so. I go downstairs to get my  bagel  and   TEA   at around the same time most mornings. this pretty much assures that I will be running into the  same peeps  over and over again and while most are still so  completely shocked  that they're even  out of bed  that they can't do much more than  stare and mumble  there are a few who are quite  gregarious . One  gentleman  in particular palys particularly fast and loose with the  life story  and i  just  have to say, were I to ever meet his ex-wife ( Diane  -  who is "out there!"), his older daughter ( Sarah  who just moved out of her apartment which her ex-roomate trashed and which  our friend  subsequently spent ALL week-end cleaning up and who is now moving into a new place that is smaller but in a  MUCH  nicer neighborhood), and his younger daughter ( Stephanie  who just hooked up with a boy she knew when they were kids but who is currently running with a pretty "bad crowd" -- not to mention the fact that this kid just broke up with his girlfriend -- and who just recently told the aforementioned ex-wife,  Diane  about the situation and now  Diane  is "all up in arms" thinking  our buddy  needs to "step in"...!) let's just say, I'm not sure what I would be able to say to them.    School yesterday was luverly. There is a girl in my class who is a dead ringer for    Alexis Bledel   who plays  Rory  in the   best TV show  ever! (except that the  girl in my class  is dark brown and  Alexis  is off-white but no matter, the resemblance is eery I tell you!) Anyways, I bring this up because I am currently in a group with  Rory's twin  as well as with  Coffee Boy  and i couldn't be more thrilled! We're going to be studying the "history of place" in which we make "an ethnographic and cartographic study of a location" -- probably the liquor store at the corner of Broadway and 40ieth -- and write a report about it. Yay, us! There is also an EXTREMELY annoying  green-glasses wearing girl  in our group who while I can't say  exactly  why she bugs me just does and I'm going to do my best to ignore her.      My beautiful kid's  Back-to-School night  is tonight which i think means we're all going to be  herded into a room  where we'll "meet and greet" the principal while our kiddies are  whisked away somewhere else  to play and snack. Have I mentioned the  sheer uselessness  of events that  separate people from their peeps  as a way to facilitate "bonding"?? Anyway. I'm going to  protest hotly  the  second  anyone tries to wrest my  Boo  from my grasp (unless, of course, she  wants  to be whisked away, which she probably will --  damn the  brainwashing cult-like mentality  at these so-called "alternative" schools!) Sigh. getting tired. going to act like I'm, working now....