          Today I am in a fine mood  I really am. I'm feeling fit as a freaking fiddle, cute as hell (although I  am  wearing some fancy, uber-hip  pants  I got yesterday which, I shudder to say, may be a bit "young" for me -- low-rise, tight, boot-cut -- I mean, I  think  they look fine but I keep trying to pull  them  up and my  sweater  down so as to better hide both my  granny panties  and my "nothing-to-be-ashamed-of!" baby-building  stretch marks ...! Sigh, I don't think old is in the fact that you necessarily stop looking good in things but more in the fact that it starts to bug you when your clothes aren't "comfortable" Anyway...) I've got my tea, I just finished a very yummy bagel. All is good with the Chick-ster's life.    Class yesterday was fun. We got all  heated  about stuff. I actually may be developing a SLIGHT crush on  Coffee-Boy  but only because he's so  intense  about everything. i mean, my God! Can you imagine what it would feel like to have that level of intensity applied to yourself?? O.K. points to those of you who are thinking " stalker !" still though. In addition to pants (I know, I didn't really say anything about class but it's pretty standard stuff still. Clarifying but no real relevations, although my  Prof   did  say she's going to try to steal me away from  Mills  -- Hee Hee! And leave  Professor K. ??! Never!!) I also bought some    comic book porn   which I like for a whole variety of reasons but mostly because i actually  like  the  drawings . I mean, I figure if I'm going to look at airbrushed chicks doing stuff to each other it's only a hop-skip-and-a-jump to   drawings of chicks  doing stuff. Besides which, the  drawn chicks  can not only get into some unbelievable  positions  they can also have sex with  Vampires  and stuff, so there! Thing is, I'm  reading these things  on the  BART  on the way home and I'm struck by how funny the writing is. I mean one of the issues was called " Yuppies, Rednecks and Lesbians from Mars " and yes there were all sorts of women in  various states of undress  but there was also a commune of  yuppie guys  who were hiding out in the tunnels underneath the  New York City library  rotating the "usage" of a single  blow-up doll  that winds up getting  riddled  with bullets thereby forcing them out into the  redneck run devastation  that is  post-apocalyptic New York !! I mean C'MON! That's more fun than those stupid " My boyfriend and i have always had an interest in gardening, and since we have a fairly high wall of primeroses surrounding the backyard, I've gotten into the habit of doing it in  the nude. So, one day I was back there planting Hydrangeas thinking I was fairly secluded. Little did i know that my neighbor  Rebecca  and her handyman  Floyd ....! " O.K. so maybe I'm slightly interested in what gets shorn but still, gimme  Biker babes  with dragon pets and perky 44 D's anyday over " Beverly , whose interests include investment banking and skiing...!"  Sheesh! How the heck did I even get on this   topic  ?? Sorry, folks, I'm in a rambling mood. OH, it's been brought to my attention that some of you can't see the "comments" area in the  timestamp  at the bottom of each post. If you are one of those who cannot (and if you have a minute) could you please use the "talk to me" link at the right to send me a note re: which browser you're using -- including the version if poss. If too many people can't comment then I'll look into replacing the system. Tanks!  Confidential to  JT : Of  course  she's playing games, but have you considered that perhaps she feels like she  has to  to avoid getting  invested  and subsequently  hurt   Mr. Talking-about-how-much-you-dig-this-girl-whilst-having-sex-with-someone-else ! In my humble opinion it is  entirely  possible that this girl you like is not as tough as she's acting and that if you were to  step the hell up  and let her know that you  really  want to be her  main squeeze  she  might  let her guard down a bit long enough to tell  you  where she's been all week-end. Just a thought. good luck.