          First the politics...  Print out   this  mail ballot request form, fill it out and send it in.  From   Moveon.org  [which, interestingly enough has been blocked by the filtering software at the state sponsored place where I currently work. ]:   Mail voting is critical to beating the recall. More than half of normal polling places will be closed in this election due to time constraints, making many voters much less likely to get to a voting booth on October 7. Voting by mail is the answer.   This Saturday we're kicking off our vote by mail campaign with something fun. We're going to gather in groups of 30 to 50 volunteers across the state to hand out ballot request forms and information in our communities. In one day we will help tens of thousands to vote. We could change the outcome of the recall election on Saturday. Click here to learn more and to pick a place for a gathering in your area:     http://action.moveon.org/     Reasons to reject the recall initiative (I know I'm preaching to the choir but what the hell...) also from MoveOn:   10 Reasons Why the Recall is Wrong:    A single congressman brought us the recall with $1.7 million of his own money -- while simultaneously putting himself forward as the man to replace the governor.   The recall threatens to give California a governor elected by a tiny percentage of the electorate -- and gives wealthy individuals an unprecedented opportunity to attempt to buy the governorship.   It threatens to invalidate a fair election just months after it took place.   It sets a dangerous precedent -- if it succeeds why wouldn't opponents attempt to recall every future governor?   It's expensive: The recall election itself will cost over $60 million.   It prevents our elected leaders from working to solve the state budget crisis and other important issues by forcing them to campaign to defend the results of a fair election.   The cost to the economy is too great: a successful recall would cause enormous economic instability and loss of confidence.   This won't stop in California: 18 states have recall provisions. Unless the California recall is decisively rejected, sore losers in others states will continue to use this tactic.   The recall threatens California’s environment. Governor Davis has made important improvements to environmental law. Polluters see the recall as a chance for roll-back.   Gray Davis has made important gains in education, health care, the environment and public safety. The recall is an attempt to reverse those advances.    That's it folks. Recall = bad. Now then, back to our regularly scheduled program...