         I love   this  girl...  Reason one: I like the way she writes. e.g. "my beekeeping professor acts so smug about honeybees, like he invented them or something."  Reason two: She lives in Maine or someplace obscure like that but also has managed to create and maintain a crush on a tweedy, "older" Professor person named "Zimmerman"! We are sooo obviously separated-at-birth it's almost scary! Except she's about ten years younger, paler, blonder and living on the east coast. Ah well. Nothing's perfect....     In other news, I'm meeting up with my  hottie teacher  this eve to discuss "where I'd like to go" with this whole  doctoral program  thing... I know where I'd  "like to go" ...Heh Heh! [{gasp} who said that??! Who has been sneaking in here and typing on my keyboard??! Shocked! I am, just  shocked ! Eh hem...] but I'm not super sure she's  that  kind of  teacher ![ again  with the filth??!! I order you to cease and desist at once,  Sir , or I shall have no other recourse but to seek  legal action ...!] Ah, well. I'll stick with the adoring grad student thing and see how far  that  gets me... At least I get to see her on a regular basis. That's better than some of my relationships!     Big shout out to  Sir J  for his assistance in my efforts to secure a breadmaker! You are brillant! That's it, just brillant!     I miss  Pretty Boy . I not actually going to  call  him or anything because he's a  very  busy person and I'm acting like I understand that and am fine with it and more than occupied myself.... Still though.    {sigh}   I'm also attempting to weane myself off  coffee  and it's proving  difficult  not so much in the "head-achey" physical way but more in a cranky,  sad for no reason  way. Although, I'm also expecting a  visit from Auntie Flo   sometime this week so the ole  hormonal variance  may have something to do with the  moodiness  as well. And on that note, isn't it  GREAT  that you, my  public  get  all  the intimate details vis a vis my cycle yet I'm unremittingly close-lipped about the details regarding  actual traffic  in and  around that miraculous self-cleaning organ?  (not that I trust the whole "self-cleaning" propaganda to the point where I won't give it a good swab every now and again but I do remember reading someting about leaving it to its own devices and it maintaining a fairly pristine set of working conditions all by itself -- although that particular brochure may have been about the "inner ear". i don't really know anymore...) Anyway, my point being: you all get stuck with the  biology  and none of the  chemistry  and damn it, I feel for you....!  I was talking to  Tony  the other day and we were discussing some boy and in trying to describe the sheer amounts of baggage he came equipped with I said: "Let's just say he's going to take awhile going through customs!" Which made us both  fall over laughing  and which (since I give you nothing else) i thought I'd share with you all today. "Look!" I hear you saying en masse, " Chick  is sometimes witty in real life! Let's keep reading in the hopes it translates to her writing...!" {again, with the sigh} I am in such a wierd mood....