          In a nutshell...   Long weekend  was  Fab ! Hope everyone out there had as GRAND a time as I did!! I'm currently moving into "the new space" here at work so I'll not  linger  long here in  blog-land , just wanted to give a shout-out or two to the folks who  enriched my life  this  week-end .  First and foremost would be the  Fabulous Miz B's ! Thanks fer the loverly invite to the  postponed-but-still-o-so-happening legalization  of your family unit! It was  very grand  hanging with ya'all, not to mention a  delight  seeing the various  babies  basically marching out the door on their way to  college !   Next we have a very  awfully warm squeeze  for the  front   neighbors   who were soooo very gracious to my wandering  Boo  after she  got tired  of me and decided she really wanted to visit with some  other  adults. I am  well aware  that an  unexpected visitor  (regardless how  freaking adorable  she may be)  is, oftimes a bit much so I'm super-modo thankful that you guys not only  took her in  but even went so far as to  teach her a skill ! (That poker playing is going to come in handy the next time we get to  Reno !)   Let's see, then we have  Mr. R-B Guy  who not only allowed me to  invade his domicile  on  Sundee  but who also made the fifteen hour drive out to  Oak-town  on Mondee to assist in some  serious planning  for the  loft re-assignment surgery . I am  always delighted  to find that my friends are so  completely  talented and this was yet another example of how  gloriously lucky  I truly am!   Other minor  players  in the week-end but  no less important  were the fabulous  Miss Tail  with whom we dropped off a  couch  and then proceeded to breakfast with and  Mistah Lovah-Lovah  who supplied the aforementioned  couch .  Awfully good  to see both of you! I really don't get to hang with either of you nearly as much as I probably should (really!) but my goodness, when I do squeeze in the random visit I am simply struck by the quality-personess of both of you. Really, you're just phenomenal!   Whew! I think that's mostly it. If I forgot anyone, please know it's because I'm all flustered and trying to figure out why my keyboard is soooo freaking  high  at this new station and not because you who were not instrumental in my happiness. Kisses all round! Mwah, mwah!! More later if time permits......