          Mrs. Robinson meets the WonderTwins!  What if you were friends with somebody who showed up in your life somewhat randomly but then proceeded to sort of entrench themself by calling your house, inviting you over for movie nights at their house, just sort of dropping by at odd hours.... What if they one day gave you a ticket to see the   world's best musician  claiming that they wanted "nothing in return" just thought you "might like it". What if they then dropped by your house one night bearing a box of   chocolates  and a six-pack of   beer  stating that they were "in the neighborhood". What if during the course of the evening they tried to intice you into playing "Truth or Dare".... You'd think they were fishing for a  one-way ticket into your pants  now wouldn't you?? What if they were a "them"?? Seriously, I do not know what is up with kids today but I think a coupla friends of mine might have a   crush   on me. Together. The TWO of them. Now don't get me wrong, I'm all about the  togetherness  vibe and if I was going to make the  sweet love  to a  group , you two would definitely be at the top of my list but sadly, methinks the  wrong tree  is being proverbially barked up. You see I am OLD. We old people have had a chance to look around a little, try a few things, kiss a pretty wench or two and the thing we've come to value most highly mongst all the things we've seen and done is  sleep . That thing last night where I  got all cranky  cause you guys wouldn't leave and it was inching past 10:00? That was for real. I ate your  chocolates , I drank your  beer , I laughed as your told me your interesting  stories  and make  pretty little faces , I even felt a tiny  flush  when you decided it was "too hot' in the house and started taking your  clothes  off. And, at 10:00, all these things notwithstanding, I wanted you  gone . Understand? I do NOT have the energy anymore to engage in crap like that. Please do not take it personally but at the same time, if I  am  on the mark in any respect re: this whole plan to   get-you-some-Chickster   please remove me from your list of possibilities. I am flattered (You're both very sweet and I'd probably do you separately) but I really cannot  even  begin to get into why the whole thing is such a very bad idea. Just trust me on this.