         Know what's  hot ? Sitting in your  Hottie Professor's  chair trying to arrange a  booty call  using her office phone. Now don't get me wrong, I didn't  intend  to be sitting in her chair whilst  setting up the nasty , I  intended  to call my buddy  Pretty Boy  to just check in, see how his life was going and then I thought "Hey, maybe I'll just  go over  and see how he is  in person " and  then  I thought "but if I drive  all the way home  the  second  i get in the door I am  not  going to want to leave, so perhaps I will call him from here [being   school ]" then I thought "but  where  is there a  phone  on which to make this call" and I looked up and my  uber sweetheart teacher  was unlocking her door and I thought "hmmmm, perhaps she will let me use her phone to make this call" so I asked and she said yes and then I got in her  office  and I was so delighted suddenly that I was "in her space" that I  HAD  to stare at her stuff -- besides, she went out in the hall for some reason (SEE,   tact  ! Yet another  sterling quality  for me to make much of!!) and it was easier to stare while  sitting  and then HE answered and he sounded sooooo unbelievably  cute  and  unavailable  and everything that drives me crazy about him that by the time I REALIZED I was drooling all over my  oh-so-patient-prof's  phone... well, let's just say that while the  normal  part of my brain registered "mortified" the  other  part of my brain, the part that really just isn't consulting the  list of reasons  that  Best Buddy Q  so helpfully compiled re:  other  career limiting moves I could engage in instead of trying to sleep with my Professors (not really. I have accepted that  that sort of intimacy  probably just isn't in the cards but still, a gal's entitled to completely deny reality, right??)  that  part took a  long cool look  at the situation and registered "Hot!" Anyway. I'm weird and wired and my boy is scheduled to  begin  driving home from  Mountain View  in about  three hours  so, no nookie-nookie for me. P'raps I will eat lots of chocolate chip cookies instead. Yes. That sounds like a plan.