          Hullo, Happy, happyies!  I'm in a  fabulous  mood today. Had a splenderific week-end and all is right with the world (for now.  breath is  not  being held...)  Me  and  Boo  spent Sat. rolling around  Frisco  like the  big-shots  we are. First, went for a casting call/photo-shoot thing at  Fort Mason  -- they're looking for people to be in an insurance ad. How sad has my life become that I am now stopped on the street and asked to participate in a casting call for  insurance ?? I think they just wanted my kid anyway. I'll have to get used to that... -- at any rate, photo shoot was quick and fun.  Photographer guy  was nice and let  Boo  do bunny ears on me for one of the shots (which given that we were  numbers 398/399  respectively I gotta give him props for.) Then it was off to  Fisherman's warf  to be fabulous like the tourists only   better   because we know how much things are  supposed  to cost!  Sunglasses  were thrown on,  french fries  were eaten,  marionettes  were purchased -- I actually found  a decent parking space  so you  know  it was meant to be... Then home again, home again, to the happy abode.  Chick's  famous baked spaghetti for sup-sup and off to bed. {sigh} Life, she ees sweet.     Then, on Sunday...  breakfast ,    Finding Nemo   and thorough  scrub-down  of the old truck. I'd forgotten it used to be red. Anyways,  Finding Nemo  -  finally ! This was  Boo's  second time seeing it so she was very helpful and covered my eyes during all the scary bits. Very beautiful animation. Very sweet story. Nicely done,  Pixar ! Keep up the good work. Can I just say,  do-it-yourself carwash places  are becoming  SUCH  a rip! Sheesh. First you have to use their  stupid tokens  instead of real money which means you have to buy more than you probably need since you may need a tiny bit of extra time but not the  whole two minutes  extra.... And what's with the  two freakin' minutes ?? Who washes an entire car in  two minutes ?? Whatever. The spray gun is really fun so I will continue to go but sheesh, makes me mad.  Boo  was  a trooper  and a  huge  help both with the bubble brush and the after towel-down. Due entirely to her careful ministrations the lower half of my esteemed vehicle is spotless! Some  Shlub  (me) was in charge of the upper half so there are all these half-assed-dirt-re-distributed-into-circle marks but whatever! I can't be good at everything!!   Later that day:  dropped off  Boo  with the  CP  and, un-able to go ahead with  Plan A  (Hanging at the Hayseed house watching   the  Animatrix  -- the highly anticipated viewing having been mercilessly  re-scheduled  by    Emerson  ) I ended up down at  the Pier  watching  Dirty Boy  and  Angel  attack things with thier skateboards.  Other Girl  was there as well, so the two of us sat (her looking bored, me  being  bored) for a good  thirty minutes not talking to each other . Yipee! Betty Friedan would have been  thrilled !   This is Other Girl:    OG:  [early twenties, pink, pointy hair, "Emily's Cats" t-shirt with cut-off sleeves, oily jeans, converse high tops, studs in her ears, nose, tongue and belly button - to  Dirty Boy  whom she is rumoured to " like "] Hey!  DB:  [trying to slide across a pointed rectangular concrete thing on a foot long plank of wood without killing himself] What?!  OG:  When are we gonna f***??   DB:  [Misjudges some crucial something; slams board into tiny lip thing at end of concrete rectangle and lands on his back fairly close to where we are sitting] Ahhhhhh.....!  OG:  [Smiling tenderly down at him] Stupid.  O.K. so at this point I laugh. I  have  to! Apparently the site of  DB  bleeding goes a long way toward relieving any real or imagined animosity between  myself  and  Other Girl  and we begin to get along famously. For about an hour. Until her brother comes to pick her up.     O.K. so I have to take a moment here to do something that I am convinced is the right thing to do but which is painful for me nontheless. After much reflection ( and after having taken a quick look at the numbers ) I'm afraid I am going to have to rescind a pseudonym. I have decided that the  nom de blog  of  "Beautiful Boy"  is more a  title  than a permanent monniker and, as such, can be won or lost depending on the vagaries of fate and our esteemed panel of judges.  Not  to say that our former  Beautiful Boy  is no longer beautiful (I think of it like  the Presidency  or the  Miss America  pageant --  [you'll always be beautiful to me, man !]) but for the purposes of this blog,  Beautiful Boy  from earlier posts will henceforth be known simply as  Pretty Boy  (which is still  really ,  really  good!)  eh, hem...  Now then.  Other Girl's Brother . Oh Mi GAWD! Can we just say CUTE!!!!! Can we all take a collective moment to appreciate the sheer perfection that a human male can achieve (especially one with long brown hair, cafe au lait skin, the cutest teeth I've ever seen and a waist you just want to lick butter off of... well, maybe  YOU  might not want to but I guarantee it would be because of some wierd dietary restriction, NOT because the thought didn't occur to you.... Sweet! This  Beautiful boy  (you knew it was coming) comes riding up, throws himself down on the steps and proceeds to engage us in a chinwag (I say "us" in the metaphorical sense;  Other Girl  completely ignored him). I am  confused ,  captivated  and  delighted  all at the same time until, surprise, surprise, he suddenly glances at his watch, stands, and orders  OG  to " C'mon " as apparently they " gotta go meet, Mom. " Sorrow, Desolation. The sun may have chosen that moment to set.... {Sigh} Well, at least I know how to find him should I ever 1) turn straight, 2) need a daddy for my next baby 3) want to re-affirm my faith in all that is holy.