          Too much information  Today, standing on the  train  ( not  the good-smelling one) lodged between  a pole  and  two female persons  of the   Cole Valley  variety  I learned the following:    Patty  is  only  43 and has already started  menopause    Jill  and  Frank  are celebrating their  5th anniversary  but with the   baby   it's probably going to be a  stay-at home  thing   Karen  thinks that's a shame and will  take the baby  but probably can't take  Melissa  since she's already  got the girls  and they're having a  slumber party , but on second thought, maybe  Melissa  can come if  Jill  thinks she won't be bored   Jill  thinks she won't be bored but  Karen   knows   Frank  and he's not going to want to do anything anyway   Karen  thinks maybe a  BB-Q  after the  kid's game  might be fun   Jill  is astonished to learn that the  kid's game  will  only last 30 minutes    Karen  assures her that it's because it's  T-ball  then suggests that perhaps they should just  take off  [I'm assuming the two of them] and "celebrate" on their own [not super sure how it ended up being "thier"  anniversary  but maybe i'm missing some "used-to-be-together"  lesbo  vibe...]     Jill  thinks this is a grand idea and wants to go to  Sonoma  [ Sonoma??! ]   Karen  thinks maybe  Marin  or  Sausalito  but remembers she can't because the  sonogram is on Tuesday  [sooo, not sure how this information is pertinent but again, p'raps I'm missing something]   Karen's  mom and her grandmother all started menopause  at the age of 43    and , we're back to  Patty ...!  k. so. Do I need to meet these people at a dinner party? I think not. I feel like we went to high school together fer chrissakes. That  Frank  guy, though, needs to catch a  fast clue  cause hand-to-god if he  doesn't  step up quick, before he can put 6 and 9 together, his little lady's gonna take  Missy  and the  Bub  and set up some housekeeping with "her good friend, and sometimes f***buddy",  Karen .     now then, where were we...? Ah, yes, being  sunny and light  about the world. Last night the  Boo  opened a present she'd just received from her  Great Gramma  and ta-da! A copy of   Doctor Doolittle   that was given to my Gramma in  1924  by her teacher! Yay!  Gramma  also enclosed some of the notes we've (me and my brothers) written her during our time on the planet together. Consider an exerpt written by a thirteen year old  Chick  about a pillow:   Hello G-ma, How are you? I am fine. Things here are going well. Did you get the pillow I made you? I made one for my mom too that says 'Kiss the cook'   [Kiss the cook?? on a pillow? I ask you...!]    she says she likes it   [bless her sweet heart! I wonder if she still has it? I should ask - hee hee]   and that it was just the thing she needed.   [??!]   Anyway, I'm going to go now. I love you and hope you and G-pa are doing o.k. out in all that snow!   [Har Har! Get it?? They live in North Dakota! Snow!! eh, hem...]   Bye for now. Kiss the cat for me!   [I have no idea.... -ed]"   Yay! we heart  Gramma/Great Gramma !!      Big shout out to my  Best buddy Q  who is sick and dying. Sorry Sweetie, hope you feel better soon. Let me know if I can do anything to help....