          Viva la gender-bender types!  I heart people who do the gender cusp thing! I mean  really  heart them, like to the point of just admitting i have a  freaking  fetish   about it!   Yesterday after class I went to see a  gallery show  about  boys who dress like girls  -- the show consisted of a series of  tryptichs  showing "before", "in process" and "after" shots and while I have to say some of the  before  and  afters  were pretty interesting onna counta the remarkable (or lack of remarkable)  change in demeanor , the   "process"   shots were amazing...!! My goodness! How beautiful is it to see a black and white, 3/4 shot of a  bee-u-ti-ful  boy curled over a tiny mirror, flourishing a  mascara wand ! Who knew the image of an otherwise extremely "straight-looking" beer commercial kind of guy, leaning in a doorway and grinning as he pulls on a pair of spangly fishnet stockings could be so damn sexy! And don't even get me started on the various "full make-up but otherwise nude" pics (!!)  "Compelling"  does not  even  begin to cover it. i swear there's gotta be some sort of club for  gals like me  who really just want to watch boys getting decked out in the sequins and heels. And let's not forget the  ladies ! This particular show was  boy specific  but I feel compelled to give the love to the  short-haired chickie  slipping into the crisp, cotton button-down shirt as she readies herself for a night out.... mmmmmmmmmmm.....  Anyway. Good show.    In other news i have THE world's largest, grossest, most imflamed, infected looking, not too mention ITCHY  cold sore   ever  to appear on the planet we like to call earth right now on my  bottom lip .  Line forms to the right  people, step right up, viewing starts at nine! Now then, much as I would LOVE to blame  DB  and his insidious little germ-age for this breakout, I  cannot  since he's been  officially shackled  for the last little bit. I  was  going to go for the "stress" card but that would imply that I've been  working  which could not only be  easily disproven  it might also send some of my  readers  into severe giggle attacks and let's face it, they're not the  strongest  bunch to begin with -- so that leaves us only with FATE. i have a  paper  due on  Wed . and  Sunday  is really the only time I'm going to have to concentrate on it so  my body  (knowing that I was  actually  considering spending the day  at the   movies   or in the backseat of someone's   car ) has decided to step in and make it so I have to stay home and type. {sigh} So nice to know  someone  is thinking about this stuff. I'd  hate  to have my life left  completely  up to me!