          First off...  Let me just say this -- me.  Lyle . 8:00. tonight. {shhrrriiiiieeeekkkkkkkk!!!!!} Eh, hem. Now then...   Kid  is here with me today which is GREAT! How fun is it having your  Bub  with you at work??  Pretty damn  I'd have to say! We were  informed  that I was expected to come in today  despite the fact  that the persons I work directly with/under are  off   celebrating this glorious  divesting-of-the-Native-Peoples-from-their-land  Day. Whatever. I'm sneaking out early, F*** em if they can't take a ... er... absence? K. sorry, moving on...     Got a request from a   regular reader  for a "cooler nickname" which of course pre-supposes  a number of things  not the least of which being that one or more of the  other  names I have for people are cool/actually thought out. Still and all though, not willing to risk  fisticuffs  over this one (primarily because she  looks  easy going but trust me, she's  way  scrappy...!)  so after much thought I think I'm going to go with the " X-Factor ".   Reasons are as follows:   We have a weird relationship, me and her. We know each other. We like each other. She lives FIVE freaking giant steps away from me but still and all, i know almost nothing about her that wasn't told to me by her blog/her ex/our mutual buddy  SAH  so, given that she's my resident  woman of mystery , it seems pretty apt  I seem to recall she was a HUGE fan of the now defunct  X-files  and I'm sure she likes the  X-men  as well (I know, stretching, but we do what we can with what we are given...)  Even though she's seldom actually present in my life, it's eery how many times I end up at a gathering where she is in some way referenced. Weird, i tell ya!  So, there we have it!  X-Factor  ( X-Fact  has got a mate who'll I'll no doubt have to come up with something for as well but I've exhausted the creative- spark  assigned to this post so it'll have to wait....) Big shout out to  X-Factor , thanks for the impromtu watchage of my kid. I, myself, never get tired of the  Boo  but she sure does get tired of me. Thanks to both of you for being so accomodating!    Last and certainly never least (although I probably should have covered this BEFORE I used up my interesting vibe, ah well...) a big old THANK-YOU to  Mistah Lovah-Lovah ,  Miss K  and  Miss S  who were so very kind as to invite myself and the little one to celebrate Canadian Thanksgiving with them on Sat. eve! The food was  fabulous ! (And so pretty!!) Now, those of you  who know me  know I'm  THE  world's pickiest eater but I gots ta say, those gals served up some  tasty food ! Turkey, roast potatoes with garlic, mashed 'tates, yams -- Yum! No wonder  Mr. L-L  is getting so fat!   K. I'm outtie. Gonna pretend to work, now so I can justify getting  really pissy  tomorrow about how I had to come in to  WORK  today!