                               I had a really good cry tonight.   I’m not really sure what exactly it was about, just a culmination of things I suppose. I miss grandma, I don’t know, there are so many things to it, I want her to be okay but I also want to be okay if she needs to leave as well. I just wish that sometimes, I could say more things, or do more things…I know she’s doing better for now but doing better is just being okay ‘under the circumstances’. It hurts because I don’t know, it just does. So many times I just want to reach out and fix everything.  Then theres him and us and tonight. I really hurt him the other night, I know what our conversation did to us, created that space, because we haven’t really talked since then. I miss our uncomplicated friendship. we still go out but now when we’re alone there’s this dreadful silence that suffocates the air, everytime we have a conversation there are so many unspoken words and so much tension and it is so hard because I really want us to be good but it’s just difficult right now. I need to be complete on my own before I get into this. I don’t want to need him or lay it all on him you know? there’s that whole thing about me not being completely his but beyond that, I want my heart and soul to be in us and only us before anything goes on. I don’t want to risk having us break down and break apart because there were things from the past or things we needed to do. I think too much for my own good but everytime he makes promises there’s a nagging feeling that asks till when? Or how long? Or what happens?  I reread my france-singapore journal. I read the things I went through and the hopes I had. The things I wanted and needed and the conclusions/solutions I had penned out. It hurt more because I’m right where I started again, discouraged. Exhausted by everything and letting things get to me.   I might have upset jared too. I seem to be good at that. I don’t even know what I want anymore. I feel half here and half there, half able to trust him and half not. I am torn because I remembered how he told me he’d be here when it ended, it hasn’t ended but he’s left already. Sometimes, confusion really gets the best of me for I am stuck in between not understanding what he wants and knowing that it is an emotional rollercoaster. I have known now that my constant violent swings from different extremes breaks us but I don’t want to learn to depend on him. I need to undo this comfort he brings. I’ve moved on but my foot is only few steps out this half opened door that at times seem so easy to just turn around and walk into. I wish things were as easy as just saying lets try again or let’s break apart. There are no more agains just the aparts but the aparts come and go. It is hard to still need someone, it is even harder to try and suppress that and be afraid of needing him. Should we attempt to challenge the hands of fate and form a bond of friendship? Or do we just leave this at the door and close this chapter and all the wounds that come with it unhealed. They both seem so easy on paper, so easily said than done. some days just good, some days just bad. How come there isn’t the in between…or rather how come there is the in between to realize how much you miss or how much you’re missing.   I am convinced that I’m complicating things more than they really seem to be. I think it comes with the uprooting. I have too many pros and cons to consider that the time I’m given allows me too overanalyse and beat myself up about it. I’m booked in to see grandma next week too, I think that that might have a lot to do with it. I don’t know what to say. I don’t want to say bye. I don’t want to leave knowing that it might be the last time I’ll see her again.   I feel untouchable and invincible. Like no one can touch and as if I’ve reached a new realm of understanding. Yet why do I still get broken late at night sometimes? Why is there still so much of debris left?  I am staring at my new chapter in the eye. I am watching this beginning unfold and am elated with the results yet there is a but in it all. The but of knowing that things might crash and fall at any time and the knowing that I have the ability to do so. It is the insecurity that bites my ass. it is the insecurity I need to conquer.   I should really get to bed now     “If I had it all, you know I'd fuck it up”