           you're   "special"   special.   lately, i've realized that whenever i have a proper meal i feel nauseated after that. i'm trying to figure out if it's just a side effect or if there is really something wrong with me. and so i searched it under   google  and well apparently, it's common. i find that absurd yet it makes sense too though it does make me very cranky and frustrated. because it just means that i can't eat whatever and whenever you know? like i have to really ration things. which irritates me and throws my whole thing off balance. but i'd still rather opt for that any day than looping, which unfortunately, i did today. but then i'm also trying to defend it by saying that i was already nauseated and so it didn't really count because i was sick already. except then how is that different from bullimia when the point was to keep it in?   i read   this  tonight. it felt really weird.   i don't even know if i should be posting this. it's scary to think that whoever reads this might know that i have a problem. and it's scary to think that judgement will be passed. and it's scary to think that someone will analyse me and attempt to figure out or underline my faults and flaws. and it's scary to think that i am willingly exposing myself to this.   i can't remember how this started. it began a long time ago i think. around the time junoir high school started, when everything great was going even better and then suddenly, like all things, insecurity crept in. i worried too much and thougth about too many things. i've always tried and defended it by saying that i'm just made like that, to be oversensitive you know? but it's bloody destructive, that much i'll tell you.  i was aneroxic in the beginning though i didn't really know i was at that time. it just sorta fell into place you know? like i had too many activities or things i had to do in a day that i couldn't find the time to eat. i'm not sure if i did it subconsciously or if i really did not know at all. i am thinking that perhaps it was a little of both. it felt great when i started losing weight, because then people commented, and i got more jobs, i was the right look, the right type, in other words, i was another ignorant stupid dumbfuck sucked into an illness, but it was working. then i noticed. and it scared the living shit out of me.  i think it went downhill from there.  when i was young and people talked about being aneroxic or bullimic, i always thought that i'll have the upperhand, i'd always thought it was the stupidest most dumbest thing anyone could ever do. i never understood why or how and what the hell ran through these silly people's minds but then i became one of them. and i saw. and understood.   and i saw how at times, no one really cares about who you are inside but rather what you are on the outside. i saw that if i was small and thin that directors hired me because i appealed to what was society's take on beautiful. i saw that it was normal to go into an office full of walking talking skeletons, people that encouraged you to throw up because apparently it was good for you. it was a fucked up world...but it was my world.   they sent me to theraphy when it ended up with having a can of diet coke a day. that was my grand meal of the day. but then i could only hide so much..and so i found out that when i came home for dinner, i had to pretend to eat. then throw up after that. so that's my introduction to bullimia. because i didn't and wouldn't and couldn't face up to it and especially not with my parents. i didn't know if it scared me more to know that they'd be angry or if it scared me more to know how much they'd hurt if they knew.   i became so good at lying to the world. it was my craft after all..masking faces. the people that knew were convinced i was healed. inside, it was just an even bigger spiral to hell. friends would ask and cajole and my best way of pretending was doing the exact opposite of what i'd been doing before. i'd take the time out and sell my new image to them and completely squashed their doubts and made lunch dates with them and had a balanced meal with dessert and shit and then throw up after that. i threw up and threw up untill i was physically exhausted. i threw up whenever i had a meal. big or small. i didn't binge much, just threw up.   a while ago, i realized how i really didn't want to do this anymore. and so i've been 'good' the last couple of months. maybe even a whole year. been clean except when i go for long dinners, or parties, or gatherings. somehow, so much of food still scares me.   i've never admitted this to anyone but i'm afraid. i'm afraid if someday i kill myself doing this and i know enough that it is a possibilty. and i'm afraid of hurting my parents but at times it is really out of my control. like it eats you from inside. the oh my god you fat little bitch.   but then i have good and bad days. so it's just ups and downs i tell myself. just looping.   i have to accept who i am but some days that is difficult.   this isn't a i'm depressed entry, nor is it another one of those shitty things racheal likes to talk about. i'm still doing good you know? i'm still on this whole road to holy atonement. still in the 'right frame of mind'.i don't know why i wrote this. i think i was feeling guilty. i think i just needed an outlet.   i think i just needed to tell myself that i just had a bad one time only. that it was okay.   i hope i'm okay.  because it'd be really stupid to die from bullimia and get through cancer.   excuse me if this disgusts you, i will return hyper racheal tommorow.  hugs     "Today I am still not cured from bullimia. I do not expect that I ever will be. It is an ongoing daily process of increasing self worth and decreasing fear of food, my body and the relationship they share."