                                   I’ve had a nice long shower and couple of days to think about what I wanted to write in here. It isn’t exactly that I have nothing to say, but rather that I have so much I need and want to say cluttered up in my mind and I can only pray that random coherence and words will do me justice. Will do this explanation that I have pushed away for so long some sort of meaning…understanding.  I didn’t exactly want to write it this afternoon because I had dinner with him today and I wasn’t exactly sure how I would feel after that. If the same positive outlook would be replaced with a fuck this whole thing I’m hiding again persona. and I needed to write some emails that I had avoided facing up to…just things that needed to be written out and said and put into words…just things that I needed to do but didn’t know how to. I still don’t, but I tried, and lately, I’ve realized, that’s all that matters. If I try and try again.   We talked...and one of the first real things he said was ‘what did you do to yourself?’ it was that tone, that same tone he used in the hospital when I had taken more pills then I cared to, it was an I care tone and it sorta scared me yet pleased me. I have lived my whole life trying to please someone or another, trying to be things I wasn’t, masking everything I had inside because I was afraid or always told to protect myself…made to protect myself only that this time, I am truly tired and done with it. With that.   This is who I am.  I am racheal sarah. I am eighteen, and I am proud to be eighteen. I am a child, and I am an adult capable of making decisions on my own. I am afraid at times but it doesn’t mean that I will always run, I have an eating disorder, something I am not proud of and something I know, will be fixed in time. I like me, at times, yet there are others, like the last few months where I am in a rut. An indecisive turn. Where I don’t know the roads I must take and fall deeper and deeper, losing myself and losing the things I know I must fight for. Losing my dreams and hopes and aspirations…and that is a very very scary place. Because suddenly, being alone means being responsible for yourself and the things you do to yourself. Suffice to say, I handled it badly, I broke promises and broke the trust of others around me by just being mean. Or cold. Or distant. Provoking a reaction that could hurt. Provoking others around me to leave, to go away, telling them I wanted to be alone…needed to be alone. Wanting to see the person I had become, wanting to see the demons in me I unleashed.   And so I did.   I went away and the first couple of days felt like eternity. The part where your flight takes off and paranoia sets in and suddenly you remember all the things you needed to do and say and worrying if it’s too late now. And you dwell on everything, on every event, and it plays and replays in your mind, that every significant turn and crossroad that made you you. And somewhere in the midst of that, you realize you’re just you. That no one is perfect. That perfection was fairy tale to a child’s eye yet perfection also came with acceptance. And so as days turned into nights you found little things about yourself you never knew and rediscovered others. You found that somewhere deep in you, you still could love and be loved. That somewhere deep in you, you knew you were loved and all you had to do was open your eyes and see.  And so you saw. You saw the hurt you caused when you were hurting, you saw their arms out stretched to you, you saw the people that cared for you just you no matter who you were or what you were, and you saw that it was okay to trust and it was okay to believe in people. That it is okay to believe in yourself because that’s the most important part of it all. To cross that mountain because you know you can. But most of all, it was knowing that you had made a mistake, and that people make mistakes and that you were willing to fix it.  This is my attempt at fixing it. At saying I’m sorry for the person I became. I was going to call this a new beginning but it is really an ending to eight months of ups and downs and in betweens. Of eight months of trying to find myself. Of eight months of giving and taking. The end of this month truly signifies a new beginning. One which I have longed for and thought of for a long long time.  When I didn’t get to nz, I thought it was merely just me being stupid and emotional and using my ass to think but I see now that perhaps I made the right decision after all. That everything I have always said about how time mends all things is true after all. And so here I am, eight months later, having been at places and stages I never would have been had I gone, learning and loving, believing and trusting, letting go and moving on.  I wrote   this  about a month ago and it made a lot of people question and upset but it was what I felt and what I had written as a source of theraphy. As a way of understanding or at least trying to make sense. It all does now. I know where I’m at and I know where I am heading. I know the things I want and I know the goals I will strive to achieve.  Yet there is a big fat But in it.   It isn’t that I will never have a bad moment again, and it isn’t that I am super confident that everything will work out but rather I am ready for anything that might come and more acceptable to anything that might not. That I need to take this step forward and try my very best to not look back or at least not run back to this hole and cry just because it is comforting and perhaps when I am in here, everything bad is expected and so ironically, it is easier. But what I've realised is that the better person, the person I want and hope to be takes this challenge and faces up to it. Fighting to the last breath and not giving up halfway. Believing in myself and perhaps, trusting in the big guy up there to have things in control and that I can only dictate so much and plan so much for truly it is only up to the hands of fate to decide. The gods above. Destiny.  And so I will run to my destiny with a smile and an open heart...understanding what is not mine to take and accepting the things and lessons and people that envelop me even if it hurts a while.     Here’s to life again, for everything it’s worth.  200 and 2 percent.  hugs.     "she broke my heart and ruined my life. hope that answers that."