            But because gramps is doing really good and i'm talkative and added that i like the feel of my keyboard clicking at this hour I shall tell you about today’s other half minus the workshop incident and parking lot.   Be warned though, it is as irritating and whiny. (yes, /you/ may fuck off now)  See, drew works at inane hours and so sometimes we all meet up at the mall(the gym’s in the mall) after the guys sweat it out and do all their shit in the morning, and so today was one of them. And see, because I terminated my membership to go back and am much too lazy to be bouncing off walls at eight in the morning, I normally just wait for them and read a book or journal at the coffee place.  So anyway, hooi ying, our normal coffee girl went someplace somewhere and got replaced by hot ass dude with the most flawless skin. Damn.    I have to add here too that jeff is retarded and desperate and has a tendency to go for exotic cocky condescending bastards. (can you tell I didn’t like “caleb”?) so anyway, the moment he steps in and sees hot ass our WHOLE conversation is dominated by the texture and size and suppleness. I kid you not.   Then there’s drew, who is a love em and leave em type and has chicks spurting out of his ass but hooi ying is Hot. Fair, thin, fragile looking, you know that type and so drew’s all depressed and upset and jeff is so fucking horny and chris is just being a total asshole. Me? I’m just plotting on ways to kill brainless drivers.   But anyway, it finally reached a point where there were three and a half different conversations going on at once and it was so stupid because we were really just talking to ourselves out loud in a group. And we’re all in our own little worlds when someone finally realizes that there’s a fucking cat underneath the bloody table.  I don’t like cats. I don’t like furry ugly things. And there’s a huge big difference between kittens and cats. Cats are ugly and mean, kittens are not.   But anyway, this is a mall. We’re in the inside section and so how in the world it got there, I don’t know. And it’s a stray I think because it looked nothing like the ones you see at pet wonderland that’s in the mall as well….but guess who found it.  Fucking jeff shrieks. Jumps up and drops his ciggie on my fucking toes. (note to self: do not wear open toed sandals in vicinity of smokers freaking out). So I scream and we look like bloody clowns because drew knocks over his coffee and so we have coffee all over, shitty dirty mean looking cat ready to draw some blood and burnt toes in an obsolete corner with see through glass. Then as if we don’t draw enough of attention, there’s construction work going on right next door.   Needless to say, hot ass had a good laugh.  He did have to bend over to mop up the mess though.   But anyway, that was my day today…now who wants to go romp around the parking lot and leave some sarcastic ranty notes, get arrested and have coffee tomorrow?  No takers?   Damn, you’re no fun.   Hmph.  :P     “Who needs $150 an hour therapy when you have me? Thank me later. Tell your dog to thank me, too.”