         don't even wnat to talk about the hurt...maybe because we've talked about it so many times it's pointless now, maybe because it just makes it more painful, like rubbing salt on the wound.   you said it wasn't love. perhaps that stings most of all, as opposed to we lost us, as opposed to we just fell apart, as opposed to just don't know each other anymore because then i guess that we never had anything to start with then. you tell me you don't need me anymore, you tell me my words don't hurt you, and you tell me i'm all the same, that i havent changed, you say things and you say them and it hurts. it hurts right there, right where tears or anger or fear doesn't even come close.  remember when we talked? remember when i found it hard to say words because i was crying so much, remember when you said it was okay for me to trust you again. remember when you said those words i didn't want and didn't need to hear, remember that night, remember how i told you this would happen but you wouldn't listen, well it happened only that what i percieved then is nothing like what it is now. it is a million times worst with your words ringing in my ear and my heart twisting and choking on my sobs and trying so hard to hide it all in.  i really don't know you anymore. i almost thought i had us figured out, see, i told you not to tell me things, i told you not to make me need you, why did you make me trust you? why did you make me need you? love? you're telling me it doesn't exist, you're telling me that everything that has happened is a lie, is not real, perhaps you win the big fat ribbon then becuase i don't even know what it is anymore. why am i hurting so much and how come i can't numb it?  you, you were my best friend. you were my hero, my knight, the person that puts his hand over my heart and heals it, the person that tells me things are going to be okay, the person that makes me laugh when i'm tired of the world, you were my friend.  now you're, i don't know who you are anymore. now everytime i think about you it hurts. now, you tell me mean things and you tell me you hate me and you tell me things about myself i wish i never told you, now you make me hate me, now you make me sick of us. now, you make me cry.  now, it all just hurts.  it's your birthday today. i didn't send anything. didn't say anything. your gift sits wrapped and ready to be sent out in the corner. i found your cd and i think that maybe perhaps love went into making that but then maybe not because you hate me now, but then maybe not beause you tell me it was just a phase and that you were just confused and that everything was not as it seemed. i want to break the cds, i've already torn your letters, already deleted every conversation with you, already trashed every email, i hold it and it's so hard.   i don't know how to get rid of you. how to get you out of my system. i need to forget you and forget we ever existed and forget all of us but then i keep on tripping on myself and falling.   you got upset because i mailed you an email telling you i wanted you in my life. you got upset because i wrote you and you asked me why i was rehashing the past when we could just bury it and start from wherever. because the past was where i felt most secure, because the past is where i ever felt close to you, or knew you, because the past is where i ever felt like you actually liked me, because the past is where i ever felt like i meant something to you or that you actually really wanted me around, before it all changed. before everything changed.  i tell you it's different you say it's not. i tell you about changing and changes, you tell me it's all the same. i try to tell you things happening within me but you will never forgive me, never accept me anymore. so instead you react by telling me i'll always be the same, the same disgusting whore, you tell me i'm just the same and i never change, reminding me your thoughts and takes on me, i don't need to read it, i don't need to see it, i know it by hard, i know what you think of me, you tell me those are just stupid moments when you're angry with me but it's what you think..what you still think, what you will always think of me.  it's like spears that cut right through you and restab again and again. like icicles that frostbite you. ironically, you've changed me so much.   i don't know what i'm doing here. on your side of the world. i don't know why things remind me of you, or why i see you in buildings and faces, i don't know why i miss you or that i wish you were here, i don't know why the other extreme takes over and i never want to see you, i don't know why i don't even want to ever step into where you're at let alone hold a conversation with you again. i don't know why i write things like this, maybe just so i know how i feel and write it out to understand then hopefully forget all about it the next day. maybe i do this to exhaust me so i finally get some sleep.  i miss you jared. i miss us. i said your name.   i love you even if you don't love me and never loved me or whatever it was. i care but it hurts so much to care. if i could, i would hold you, just to feel you and know that we were real or that some part of us actually existed. if i could, i would ask you to save me tonight, ask you to not be mean tonight and not say the things you say and just not hurt me tonight, if i could, i would tell you but i can't.   i can't because you won't hear it. i can't because everything i say comes out tainted to you. i can't because everytime i think of you or look at you or try to tell you something it hurts. because i'm so so afraid of you coming close and ripping it all apart again, because i'm afraid if you tell me all those things and take it back again. i can't because i know i'm not worth it, i can't becaus ei know you deserve better, i can't becaue i know you want me to fuck off.  i lost you.  it hurts a lot.