          end the damn thing already.   i woke up last night and had a good cry. it was tiring and frustrating but it was something i needed to do. it hurt so much but then i suppose that you hurt so much to a point where it's just numb and i hope i reach that point soon. this is exactly where we've been before, i don't even know why i tried again. i don't believe in you or us but most of all, i don't believe in me, and that hurts a lot. how oculd you tell me those things and make me feel safe and secure and give me those things to hurt me so bad? why is it you? who are you and what did we have and who am i and why did i ever trust you? damn you, damn you for putting me here again, i was doing fine ..alright..i was doingokay why did you shatter everything?  i am so sick of everything it literally makes me sick. i keel and curl up at the thought of anyone coming this close again. i like this barrier it's safer than being scarred alive. i'm bleeding, i'm broken, im hurting, fuck you for telling me you'd never do this. for saying the things you said and doing the things you did. i'm me, and i'm human, and i have feelings, and i can break.   i dont want to ever come close to anyone again. i don't want to ever tell anyone how i feel or what im feeling or be honest or transparent. i like my layers, i like hiding, i like people not knowing how i feel and people not coming too close to know where it hurts the most. i hate myself, but i don't hate me as much as knowing that you wlaked away because i was who i was with you. that when you stripped me away and found me you turned away and told me how disgusting i was. you will never know how much that hurts. you will never know how you shattered everything i ever believed in and stole trust or faith or love from me or whatever the hell it was. i don't even know what it was. do you know what it's like to not know what it was?  all the other times i turn around and tell you and everyone else that i'm going to be fine. that i will take whatever shit life hands me and i will and i will tell you this time that i don't need you and i don't need anyone that i am just fine alone but that i also want to do this just alone. i don't want anybody and i don't want to need anybody. if that makes me selfish and hateble and bitchy and an asshole to be around with then so what's new? call me names, laugh at me, tlak about me, make fun of me, it's all the same now, it still hurts but i'm getting used to this hurt and i just have to ignore it and put it away and i will be fine. it's a painful reminder but it keeps me safe and okay for the future. so i don't need anyone for the furture and know why.   i don't know what possesed me to think that things will be okay. i don't know what possesed me ever to think that i could trust you or that i was safe with you because in the end you're just like the rest of them. i'm sorry i let you see this part of me, i'm sorry i let you see a lot of things and told you a lot of things, i was mean but you were too. i'm winding up, putting this away, starting again. funny how i am here but i have no desire to be anywhere near you at all, i don't want to ever listen to your promises or the things you say because we had our conversation, and we talked but i guess it was just talk to you then. i showed you whatever and you walked away again. your very last sentence hurt so much more than anything in the whole wide world, you'll never know why but it cut right there, right where it would hurt the most.  you did know where after all. i wish you never.   and so this is it. the ending for a new beginning. i don't need lies, i don't need anyone and i certainly don't ever need to tell people how i feel anymore. i'm sorry i'm taking this down yet not sorry at all. perhaps i'll keep a part of me just for me after all, take care of yourselves.  i meant to come back here and start again but i realize i need change and this isn't helping the slightest bit. life is a damn bitch but guess i just have to deal with it then.  you'll do just fine, that much i know.   whatever really, people don't change. they just get fucked up inside then fuck up outside too. and we all know what a huge fuck up i am. god knows, you've told me enough of times. so this is ending it, i moved, i ran away, i packed my bags and left and i'm never ever stepping in here again, i am never letting myself get vulnerable or ever trusting anyone again, why? because it's not worth it. nothing is worth it, that much we all know.   and so it ends.