                       so apparently last nights dinner didn't go down quite as well as it was supposed to. in a bid not to consume anything too foreign(she suggested pate! *blech*) and strange we stuck with potato lamb and wine.   ...but guess who woke up with sarajevo in her tummy?  ah..but that's not the best part..  the best part being that i just realized i've been taking   banned  substances.  uhuh.   because i went out to get some and the lady gave me a funny look then carefully explained to me that it was bad fr you. oh yeah, like now you tell me.   pah.   crazy druggies.   and now it feels like i am coming down with something thanks to the shitty poluted air.   p/s this morning i woke up in another bed, i fell asleep last night in the guest room somewhere in between the hundredth trip to the bathroom and the telly is bigger in this room so then it was disorientating as i tried to remember all of last nights events, i remembered something vague of an email i received, then snippets of conversations that took place last night, i remembered the city lights and the drunk scantily clad girls, then i remembered posting in the middle of the night last night. amidst some stupor of 'getting the truth' out. so then i did the next best thing i knew what to do, rush in here to delete it. see, it's easier to just sweep things underneath the carpet, get it out for that moment then collect it back the next day..i question if i am using my blog to say things again. everytime people write me they always tell me how insanely honest it is, how fucking private it can get..and i keep on hearing these things, people keep on remarking but i'm just thinking how i've lost so much of innocence. how my very first blog compared to this has so drastically changed. how very possible too that i might have changed.   some days i think this change is so good. yet some days like today i wonder where that part of me went.   is she still somewhere in me or did i lose her in between all the questioning?  i look at my stats and see all these people. it's a nice feeling yet it's also really like 'oh fuck, i'm overexposing'. sometimes i think i blog to one specific person, sometimes i blog to no one at all, sometimes i blog just because.   it's time for a redesign. i am so tired of this layout. i hate it when i have images in my head but they don't transcribe on paper(screen.)  i am thinking of a hiatus too. you think, so fucking soon?   i say just till get my bearings right. when i settle down so i don't end up posting mad insane stupid posts for the next whole week because i've just realized last night too that it is my last week. and i'm looking at my schedule and thinking how am i going to fit in all these people, how am i going to tell them all how much they mean to me, how am i going to say goodbye.   i have banned specific people from the airport, we have agreed to say our separate goodbyes, i have might even banned goodbyes.   but the strange thing is, i like the thought of going away and starting again. my ass is itching from all the beautiful sunsets i've missed and my rooooooom, and all my bloody things that have already been sent there, i think about all the people i can't wait to meet and going back to school! oh my god have i missed being educated, have i missed learning something substantial that did not have to do with how i feel or emotions, have i missed just doing assignments..doing something with a point and not letting my brains rot away.  damn, i am such a nerd.  but you know what? i am. i am a stupid nerd. a pseudo uber geek because i've been taking lessons. :P  i'm glad i'm going home. i'm glad for this change. i'm glad i'm rewriting. i'm glad there are second chances. i'm glad i make mistakes so i learn from them.   i'm glad i'm going to be okay alone.   actually, i'm just glad i'm going to be okay, whether or not alone.   thank you you for making me realize that this morning. thank you for mad insane fucks that force you to rethink and rehash your whole entire life and don't let you go back to sleep. thank you for people just behind eery nook and corner.   and now i'm sappy so i'll shut up.    "When the dream is big enough, the odds don't matter." - Chuck Yeager