               “I do not suppose you’d be interested in my superficial ignorance. In my yet another rant. I do not suppose you would be interested in knowing about my day, or how things went or what I did. Because I’m not either.  I am interested in what I want to do for the rest of my life. I am interested in world peace and conservation. I am interested in the children of the world, of today and tommorow. I am interested in making things right yet the focus is recklessly abandoned, easily wavered. I am interested in fixing things, between us, between me and him, between me.   She’s at that fucking thing again. Suck up your thoughts and reposition somewhere else missus. Get your grubby paws off it and prod another.  Take it all in but don’t let it out.”   We went to the short film thing today. I was almost afraid I’d bump into you, but then I knew you knew that I’d be there tonight, and I knew you had the sense to not go tonight either.   Tell me again why this space upsets me. It was what I wanted wasn’t it?   Tell me again why I’m upset, tell me again why I can’t decide….tell me again why I don’t want you but I miss having you around.  Went for drinks at sangria, just below. Did what we were suppose to do last night, did everything we were supposed to do last night only that it wasn’t with you. Because last night we talked again, and last night you decided that it would end here and now but yet today you came back in again.    You’re yelling. Only that it’s a silent yell. It is the kind that gets beneath your skin and penetrates your mind.  Your click on my voice box hurts. It would have been easier had you just slammed the phone down, your terse voice that tells me to have a good day is bitter. You are angry. I know why but I am angry too. You know how I feel about it, you know the problem, you know how it all works…then tell me why this is still upsetting?  I know you understand. I know you know why and I know you know how. Believe me when I say I’m trying to work it out too…believe me when I say I’d like to know what the hell I want either.    In betweens.   Just the cracks.  Smoothen it out please.      "almost everything in life is easier to get into, than out of."