              " Difficulty Explaining. You know you can't ask me a close ended question anymore? I mean like you can't ask me questions that require me to give you a definite answer  Because I won't be able to I think that sometime from now I'd think that there was something wrong with us because of that maybe I don't see you enough to be completely honest with you maybe that's it. This sounds like one of those online rants that I hate reading I'm using our relationship to write something that is appealing Part of the failure must come from insincerity then, I mean when an amateur writer is unable to transcend the barriers of creation. I am not palatable. I am thunder and flash and a few soundbites. I am not cinematic. I am not theatrical. I am words but not images. You like what I have wrote. We crawled from all of us to where You are and where I am. You still want to Leave when I really want to go Back.  "  I’m tired of listening to the things we talk about. I'm tired of reading the bullshit I write. I should apologize for the whining bitch I’ve been the last few days, the bout of depression I’ve wringed myself through, the ugly side of me I’ve exposed. Yet again. The road not taken but the past revealed again. I have no explanation.   They say change would take place, they say I will go through phases and mature. Somehow I still feel like a dorky insecure kid, my very words here underlilne the doubts in me. What if I have no talent at all, no forte. What if I’m a mesh of bullshit, what if I have but not enough?  Confused. Disorientated. Lost.  Here I go again.  -  I write this the next morning, I fell asleep on this. Too tired beyond words, exhausting myself out. The creatures that come out at night to haunt me scares me, I seem to always break at night. When the world isn’t watching, my cloak of confidence evaporates.   We go out and party, we socialize, we make do as if everything is alright, we laugh as if joy comes freely from our soul, we smile as if the world is beautifully serene, concealing all the turmoil that is within. Concealing because it is easier to not explain or concealing because you don’t trust yourself with them or then again, concealing just because.  Yet the world is still perfect, is still beautiful.   Hope still surges on despite all that is happening. Today is a new day, all my tommorow worries for yesterday are here today but yet I am still here, still standing.   Somehow, things might just be alright.    Somehow today is just today, somehow I am just a small part of the world, somehow, my problems are only as big as I make it, somehow, small steps make the world.  Just watch out for the signs.      "You're not getting off so easy, Ms. Lack of Responsibility."