          note to self: do not, under any circumstances at all, ever attempt to put together a halloween costume 27 hours before. almost if not eeriely like christmas shopping the day before christmas.   collectively, we were going to go as a group.  first we came out with  scooby doo  characters...which got tossed out right around the time we realized no one really wanted to be doo at all.  then there was  captain planet.   and  archie.   and  smurfs.   and  snoopy.   and even them  disney characters.   then we thought, hey, since we're all dumb artsy people we'll go as musicals.   rent : too fucking overdone.   cabaret:  slips and bras?   rocky horror show:  white bra, glitterry stuff, lots of ass.   carousel:  inside joke and only the cast members will get...besides, no way in hell is our propmaster going to risk us destroying the costumes one week before opening.   little miss sunshine:  what the fuck?  so then we went back to the concept of just normal halloween type things...but the girls wanted to be pretty and the guys wanted to be, well, guys.  so this is what we came out with..   spice girls:  we had three chicks and two guys in our little circle of people that stuck their asses up their heads in other things then realized halloween was tommorow. the guys debated being transvestites but guess which side didn't win?   moulin rouge:  too much ass, too much booty and hell that's some damn fucking  body  fats we're showing. fantastic idea though.   pimps and whores:  doesn't that answer the suggestion itself?   cheerleading squad:  not funny at all.   ravers:  neon very very bright.   gothic shit:  only about everything and everyone's theme this year   hackers:  inlines?   buffy:  not hot enough   christina aguilera through phases:  the scarf, the genie, the whore.   madonna through phases:  i don't care anymore, it's six and we have an hour.  so the final end product after five painfully tedious long hours, six hundred and seventy shops and four thousand and six times back into it; we're hookers cum sluts cum ravers cum rocky horror show meets jerry springer thrashy things.  (now hey, wasn't the point of halloween to dress as far away possible as you are again? :P )   lol, and so i have neon blue punk highlighted hair, a kick ass butterfly glittery top in which i realize i have absolutely no and retarded boobs, held together by what hopefully is two very strong pieces of string and black pants with slits in them to reveal my  neon  cyan blue fishnet stockings and heels.  hell yeah.   amanda  has neon purple pink and silver hair, kinky kinky 'keep-it-down-boy' victoria secrets lacy type corset top and very sexy leather shorts/skirt(she hasn't decided), black fishnet stockings and some kick ass boots and hoochie mama boobs.   cory  has...the most hideous ever pink bathrobe type material dress with some sort of strange white collar, neon yellow cum lime green hair, same neon colored fish net stockings and pink fluffy slippers with hearts on them because it is close to impossible to look for a size twleve women shoes that look cute below the cost of twenty dollars.   jessica and will  left early for rehersals but apparently they're coming as the dj and cabaret dancer.   we were going to go trick or treating but rehersals starts at six and only ends at ten and i have classes before so there goes that idea..we will be bringing candy for the kids to trick or treat around the cast though. :)  no specific plans but hell a lot of places to fit, oh, only about sixty people. oops.  camera comes out tommorow!  :)  i haven't celebrated halloween in so long it's almost ridiculous. hehe.  but now, back to the thesis.  gah.  p/s because i thought it should be announced, i'm fucking tired.