         it rained last night; it poured.  [10/28/2002 5:32:33 PM | + racheal]   monday came, and left and somewhere between it all i gained an extra hour..though i can't explain it something happened. weird feelings meshed together with thoughts and actions but it's all still very surreal, the whole outer body experience cum deja vu like feeling.   monday was shit. must have been the universal day to feel like crap all day and hate the world.  ...i let three people cry on my shoulder and wiped away more tears than i cared too. monday, i was unemotional and numb. some spark in me fused or burnt out but i did not feel, and that scares me much more than being overemotional. i wanted to cry but the tears would not come, wanted to feel the pain but just emptiness remained.  monday, i know now my little problems are almost nothing compared to the heavy load others have to bear. while i am worried about my stupid dumb feelings, someone else is worried about their next meal. while i am worried about my body and getting my nails done, someone else is worried about staying alive. does that put that into perspective? a hell lot.   signs.  because last night i realized what 'family' truly meant. my dad on the phone with me at some god forsaken hour his time comforting me, my mom listening to everything i have to say because she knew that all i really needed was someone to listen. and so she did. my brother who i love with all my heart that has taken me a long while to see that he cares for me so much.   people i hurt without meaning to.   i am lost in this funny place of wanting to do what's right. growing up i guess, all these damn responsibilities and pressure. i am stressed, i am up my ass in trying to control every single fine damn detail of my life.   but i can't.  i have to trust someone and trust the people around me and trust god.  ...but what if i don't want to?  i don't know what i want exactly. i just have the rough draft, a hazy idea and it's like that last ten minutes of reaching somewhere, like waiting in line for the tickets you've waited to get your hands on the whole day, like knwoing something is wrong but not knowing what exactly.  i want my 'exactly'. i want instructions that come with a 101 book. i want to fucking understand, that's what i want.    "i shall never believe that god plays dice with the world"