          who's your bitch?  i am trying to decide if i should laugh my ass off or whine the hell away. (i have a pretty good feeling that i'll be able to do both..but anyway)  he says all the right things and does all these unbelievably sweet things like the   teddy bear  and   roses  and coffee and waffle bloody house and just crazy ass nice guy stuff that sometimes makes me want to scream and jump on him yet i want to go like you're too fucking good for me, i'm going to tear you rip you change you and i don't want that responsibility, don't want to hurt you or lose you thing. yet at the same time i am happy with him but there's something missing..or something is wrong?   we talked last night and in retrospect, it went really well, but if i have to think about it...it went terribly disastrous all at once. you know how the more honest you get the further away you feel disconnected? i don't know exactly how to pinpoint the problem...but i have a rough idea where and what it is about which doesn't help at all considering it's stupid and unexplainable.  i just need to be over it and secure with myself before i'm going to put my everything in this because i don't want to be thinking about someone else when we're together or have him deal with shit from my past you know?    oh well.  the set is coming together pretty damn well and i'll be lying if i told you i wasn't excited. it's almost an outer body experience to try and understand that our opening night is in two weeks but all at the same time i don't necessarily feel prepared enough or rehearsed enough minus the fact that i've been in rehersals every week this night but there's just ass a lot to do..plus the monologue i have to work on aptly titled 'suicide'. madness.  i just had an epiphany.   or something to that effect anyway.  ....  i. i'm writing for me, this is my place and i am safe here.  ii. i will not let you affect me.  iii. i am fucking worth it.  iv. fate just happens and so whatever will be will be..  v. patience is a damn nice virtue. (time fixes everything)  vi. i am okay, blessed, loved and going to bloody make it.  vii. unsinkable ships sank and unbreakable walls crashed, look at it as nothing is impossible rather than nothing is certain.  viii. carpe fucking diem  ix. life is beautiful.  x. my koko is pretty damn something. :)  ----  so yeah, my thoughts.   grr.  :P