          the notion.  you know how there are certain songs that remind you of specific moments and evoke these complex unexplainable feelings?  yeah.  i don't know if i am in love, or i am in love with the notion of being in love, or i am infatuated, or if it's just pure sinful lust.  today was...  confusing  tiring  frustrating  productive  eventful  okay.  or maybe beyond okay  ...yet just about three steps below that.....it's hard to explain.  somehow, between three weeks ago and now i had convinced myself that i needed to be in a relationship to keep me from going insane, not beating around the bush and stringing along bullshit nor wanting someone but not having him because you're being a bitch yet all at once just not very sure at all.  it's been going really well.   and that scares the fuck out of me.  i got all crazy panicky last night when he held me. i don't know what it was, maybe the way he was looking at me, or maybe that strange aura that enveloped us but i freaked out. i don't know, i just felt so weird, and strange. it doesn't make sense at all but i realize that i'm not really in love in love with him. or if i am i'm pissing afraid of it.  i know, i know, it's the same damn bloody story again but precisely that. fuck, if i have to go through the last god damn year again i'd rather just kill myself. it's just that in the end there is so much hurt left and so much pain that i don't know exactly if i am comfortable with having to trust someone so much or having to need someone that's going to tell me to fuck off and make me hate myself type of thing.  i don't know, it's just last night when he touched me all these alarms went off in my head and there were like flaring red light bulbs that exploded and i didn't say a single bloody solitary thing.   i worked on the set the whole day today then had rehersals so we havent really talked talked. we were supposed to go out tonight but my body feels like it's been through the wringer..hell, my mind is going crazy.  i'm just. i don't really bloody know at all.  i don't know if i came into this relationship to "move on", or if i'm prepared.  it's not a relationship, relationship. somehow, the notion of having a boyfriend right now just doesnt seem right at all yet i know he's more than just a friend. he's very special to me  ....but it's still different.  damn it.  the show opens in two weeks, the midterms went fucking well but it also means the finals are coming soon, i still have no bloody time for anything, i need a fucking ciggarette and he's coming over now.  maybe we'll just have wild explicit sex and i'll forget about everything.    hell, there's always a maybe right?  "sigh"