            i feel like god right about now...updated and fixed  *all*  the sections thank you very much. :P  ironically (i love that word!), rehersals were cancelled today so all the extra time to myself has made me deliriously happy..hehe. and this would be the part i tell you again...life is goood.  so is chocolate fudge cake.  and starbucks skinny cafe mocha.  and stupid crazy retarded rain that begins right as you step out of the car.  but most importantly, stupid retarded friends that will dance in the rain with you.   :)  and because i love filling in these stupid survey things..   i am:  happy, content, single and not looking :P   i think:  thinking is bad for you  i know:  everything changes.     i want:  to move on, to be the best person i can be, to try try again.   i have:  love, friendship and guidance.   i wish:  i understood me a little better.  i hate:  being angry with myself.   i miss:  playing with the kids  i fear:  getting hurt again, myself, the asshole i can be.  i hear:  voices in my head? :P  i wonder:  how god manages everything..i mean, that's a lot of lives to be working on..   i regret: .  fucking up  i love:  hope. (and orange juice)  i ache:  late at night when the world isn't watching...or so i think.   i care:  too much and not at all  i always:  smile even if it hurts  i am not:  perfect  i dance:   for a living  i sing:  in the shower  i cry:  when i think no one is watching  i do not always:  tell people how i feel.   i fight:  because i want to. i need to i guess, for me. i'm tired of being pushed and broken and being used, i need to do this for me now. be the person i know i can be and hopefully, be someone that has integrity, self-worth and is finally enough.  i write:   to escape  i win:  sometimes  i lose:  when i am tired of trying and give up  i confuse:  the living shit out of myself   i listen:   very rarely because i'm a stubborn idiotic selfish bitch. :P  i can usually be found:  talking to the little green men.  i need:   balance  i am happy about:  getting in the musical, moving on, making new dreams and trying again, fixing my life even if it's the six millionth time i'm doing it again, my friends and the amazing people they are, hope and the things it means to me.  i should:  get my ass off this thing and start working on my homework..hmm  have a good night..  hugs   *edited to add : oops, i lied...forgot about poetry! :P