           our excuse for humans.    i /really/ wasn't going to give a flying fuck to come back here and explain things but seeing as i wrote that i would go to sleep three hours ago and am still running up and down, left right and center and with a shit ass tired and easily irritated mind, i am going to explain myself.    number one.  the last i checked, it was *my* site and *my* oppinions and *my* fucking love life. fuck off if you don't want to hear it.   number two.  i have never claimed to be a godly christian. i believe in god, we have a good arrangement and lets keep my dealings with him private okay? fornifuckcation is none of your bloody business and if i go to hell, glad to know i'll see you there.    number three.  my take on the whole exes at my wedding thing was merely me trying to make a point backing my reason that it is good to stay single, to narrow down options, to be choosy and picky and anal and not just bang any tom dick and harry. i did not in any way mean to offend whoever i mentioned, you don't even bloody know who they are and if they are upset because i just listed our affairs and our dealings out into the bad wide world of the internet than i repeat, OUR business.      number four.  i am not ready for a relationship. what's it to you?   number five.  yes, i am a drama queen, i have never denied that but no, everything i said i meant.    number six.  i have never understood people like you. i thank god i don't because i'm far too nice to make voodoo cutouts of you and stab you right where it hurts the most. it was an excellent idea though.   and lastly, because i'm "whining little fuck", this is my place. my heart and soul. i'm sorry you don't like it and i'm sorry you find it so damn difficult to muster it down and if so, then why bother? save me the trouble and the bastards at hotmail from deleting my other far more important mail okay? i am not even going to begin reasoning with you, i think we're beyond that now, neither am i going to apologize for what i write. i write what i write and at least i have a life. you need one too.   and now that that's off my chest, i'm going to bed. yes, naked.