          hey jersey  there are six things she needs right now.  she notices his eyes first. they are beautiful, like a swirl of green, gray and brown put together. she's shy, very quiet, trying to make up for it by exchanging banter with the 'common friends', she's pissing wow-ed, he asks for her name..and so the game begins. it doesn't take very long. no, not too long at all, the attraction is apparent. chemistry? damn, that's a strong word.  back and forth. each time drawing her deeper with every word he says, his intelligence draws her nearer...closer. falling to edge and it's hard to get off this ride. lights up, smiles etched too deeply on this face...a certain aura that radiates when he's near her. a certain feeling.   not wanting to screw up so bad. nice, slow and easy. they have so many conversations without words, like driving around no where and listening to music, like watching the first light of a brand new day break in or looking out into the world beyond in moonlight to the sounds of waves crashing. things he's dying to show her, new things he helps her discover every day.  he watches her. talks about her. her friends say he's a keeper. they've seen them together, they've seen him talk about her.  he sees when no one is watching. protects her if she'll let him. nights she steps out to be alone a while; she always knows there's big comfy hug waiting for her to come back into, sometimes, he finds her too. they talk about a lot of things, time flies by so fast and beyond. he drives careful, makes sure he takes her home safely each night. takes her to her favorite places, doesn't pressure her, no not at all, take your own time sweetie, it's all yours.  doesn't promise her anything. as a matter of fact, knows to avoid all conversations that veer towards subjects that make her run, he's seen her run before. he knows that feeling, she's afraid of him running, she's afraid of her running, but when they are alone, it's almost too comfortable. you have no idea how time flies.  she wishes he would talk forever, every fucking thing he says pulls her in deeper. when he talks about history or the world.things that go beyond a cute butt and a sexy body....yet it's not the talk at all. it is the person and the way his eyes look into yours, that old soul behind it that takes you back a moment, that moment where you pinch yourself and wonder, is this real? yet she still never talks about it. he's tried once, right after, the night he told her she was beautiful and she cried. the people from her past should remain there she says, and so they never talk about the past. nothing there that you need to know, men are evil, very very bad..jokes but actually believes it.   odd isn't it how things that cloud you the most inevitably become the subjects you avoid the most. he's seen her without even saying anything at all. is she transparent or is this just the magic that happens?  thier eyes lock, i don't know if a second passes by or if twenty minutes has passed already. he reaches in to kiss me and i don't know if to draw back like so many times before because this actually feels kinda nice. right almost. i like his arms around me, or the way he whispers in my ears and his breath tickles me. she's a huggy person, they've always hugged, but something has changed. the way he says i love you is different tonight. or how he picks her up and swings her around and around and around as she giggles and laughs.  how he brings her coffee or watches her at rehersals. or rings her and leaves her messages to make her laugh. how he kisses her forehead and hugs her so tight it's hard to breathe and says, 'good job baby', how she lights up when he's around. that buzz, a high.   he takes her shopping. and she shops a whole lot. how six hours later he's still smiling, offering to play another round of 'the dancing game', how he doesn't mind being goofy with her. how he doesn't mind her being goofy. or stupid. or retarded.  how they fight to pay every time and they sneak paying things. making up for things she says as his mock angry face only tickles her further. she says she's being the man so she has to be in control. secretly, she knows, she just doesn't want to fall. i don't think this is helping either.  kiss me harder, again and again. tantalize me with your mind and touch. brings his arms around my waist and plays with my hair. tickles me, breath on my shoulder and the breeze is so damn cold tonight as i get chilly and shiver. feels my tummy groan against my free will, hunger pangs invade as he pulls me in tighter. runs off and drags my fat ass to get food. the waiter laughs, 'oh it's the both of you again'.  she flinches. his finger toying with her belly button ring as she falls deeper into (t)his spell. they kiss, and each kiss is a magical explosion of it's own.   someone said inseperable tonight.  she almost laughed. it scared the piss out of her.  so many pressures in her life right now. stress of venturing into an adult world and picking up responsibilities yet he eases that tension. someone she can actually study with, someone that makes her laugh a lot, someone she feels safe with.   the first person she's dated in a long long time.  the first person she's actually wanted around in a long long time.  too long she says.  where have you been all my life?