                               well, apparently, blogger is deciding to be a bitch to me but hah! i'm still going to rant anyway..  today was fucking ass amazing! :)  i'm so crazy excited right now i don't even know where to bloody begin..it's just crazy how everything falls apart and gets mended again and you're watching all this beauty in your life so you sorta take a step back and go whhhooooaaa...  i was driving home from school today and i cross the bridge that separates bfn alabama and florida and it's raining but not pouring, just kinda drizzling flirting type of thing and there's a rainbow. i can't even remember the last time i saw a rainbow and it's fucking gorgeous. i want to stop the car and just sit there and be mesmerized by it and all the subconscious things it's telling me but damn. wow. i think it's scary because we had this conversation the other day about rainbows and promises and hope and all that stupid crazy shit you think about in your mind and so it was just breathtaking and thrilling all at the same time. :)  i got my biology paper back from class today too and i got a fucking 96. racheal does not do biology shit and racheal is fucking ecstatic. just like, fuck, that's my damn paper! it's like a i-can-actually-do-this type of thing and it's this indescribable happiness that just runs through you, just wow.  then as if god isn't being nice enough, we got let out of rehersals early today and the last run of the review we did for the blocking last night went perfect. like just fucking brilliant. it's that feeling where you've done something right and it's that other feeling of sharing that moment with someone and smiling and laughing because you're truly just buzzed and mad excited.   see, for the last few weeks it's just really been hectic and crazy with so much of pressure and work and school and trying to get my life sorted out and all that bullcrap you put your mind through you know? finding your place in the world and trying to act responsibly and 'right' and so i was extremely grateful for that extra two hours of just time. time to do nothing and anything i wanted. :)  so we went and got coffee till it closed and then went to go watch 'the transporter' and it's funny because we just bought tickets for whatever was showing next and had absolutely no bloody clue on what it was about and it's like chinese! azn pride and all that but i was fucking proud.   it's one of those nights where you are so buzzed you just laugh and laugh till it hurts and you want to dance and jump and sing all at the same time.   i've missed being spontaneous and living for the moment and doing what i feel like doing at that fucking moment and not really giving a rats ass at the same time.  like being free.  and finding out new things.  and discovering.  and learning.  and smiling. lots of smiling.   and having someone smile with you. laugh with you. dance, sing and shout with you.  that bond. connection. closeness.  just wow.  fooh.      "I sometimes wonder if I'm crazy. It's possible, isn't it? I mean, you don't really know how other people think. You can estimate, but you can't know for sure. Huh. "    p/s finished up '  about ' during break time but stupid me forgot to bring my network card so couldn't upload untill tonight but yeah, just four more to go!