                                             last night we took a drive to the beach and stayed a while to watch the sand shimmer after the waves have washed upon them. it was so beautiful; one of those things that stay in your mind forever like the first sunset you watched or something like that. fucking. amazing.   "there's nothing you can do about the past, because it's gone. and there's nothing you can do about the future, because it's not here yet. so live today and live in the Moment."   :)  pinecones are pretty damn spectacular too. i don't remember them from when i was little, not before malaysia. come to think of it, i don't even think malaysia has pine cone trees...do they?  the mid terms are this week, there is the pressure to study and do brilliantly..grr. days like these that are nice and cool make it spectacular for cookies, coffee and talk. there's a little bunch of us that get together after class that have sort of bonded, it is interesting how i've been here for three months exactly today but it feels so odd, almost deja vu like and eeriely familiar yet all at the same time so different. strange how time slips past by you as you impatiently wait on it.  ?  i have rehersals tonight..it is so tiring to live away from everything. sometimes i think all i really need in life is just to be content, or satisfied or something...be happy with who i am and what i am becoming and what i have achieved sort of thing which in a way i am, strangely enough.  our character excersizes today was a bunch of questions and it's weird.   part i - character structure   when i wake up in the morning...  i drag my lazy ass out of bed and take a shower   ever since i was a child...  i learnt that trust has to be earned   when i look in the mirror..  i don't know who i see   i can remember...  things that used to be important to me   the child in me...  laughs easily and does silly stupid things   i need...  balance   i hate..  being alone and thinking, sometimes.    strength to me means...  never giving up   weakness to me means...  breaking, crying, falling..that sorta shit   right now i am aware...  that i have responsibilities    sometimes i want to cry out to people...  because sometimes i think no one sees me at all   pain to me is...  destructive   i love..  hope. tranquility. peace of mind   if i could be free to do what i want to do...  i would be a pead emergency doctor   my body....   disgusts  is a part of me   if you could hear the music in me..  it would be unpredictable  ------   part ii - character emotion from inside out   the most beautiful part of my body is...  ?   happiness to me is...  being content    the thing i most want to do before i die is..  donate an organ   the most embarassed i ever was...  .......?   the ugliest part of my body is..  me?   the thing i like best about myself is..  the little things   pain to me is..  inevitable and teaching   the most secret thing about me is...  the person i am, the person i can be and the person i want to be   i can hear my father's voice speaking through my own when i tell myself...  trust has to be earned   love to me is...  not there   the thing i am most proud of is..  the kids   i want my epitaph to be..  gone home: exit upstage.  it's odd. just too much thinking on one page you know? i have to write a thesis on character submission and traits and it makes me think too much. scary.  hm..i am starving, and for some strange reason hot and spicy ramen noodles sound really good right now..  yum.  :P