          happy turkey day.  it's thanksgiving. it's 9:58 in the morning, it's wet, cold and noisy outside. but in here, in here it's a different world. in here it has lasted forever and i'm down to my sweats, picking at my fingers, wanting to throw up and needing a ciggarette. in here i am wasted and crying. maybe for god to save me, maybe for me to save me. maybe for just any damn thign to save me.  he says i've fucked up.  i know i've fucked up damnit. i know. i know. i know.  i know it when i wake up in the morning. i know it when i'm fixing dinner and the stupid osbournes soothes me in the background. i know it when i curl up and sleep at night. i know it every moment. i know i've fucked up.  ten thousand dollars in three months. he says i can't afford to feed your addiction. i can't do this to myself and it's wrong and i need help. that i need to change. and he tells me it's about disciplie and willpower and some fucking common sense.  he wants to know if i have anything to say to him.   i shake my head but forty eight hundred miles away where it is dark over there and a single solitary phone line connects us he doesn't see me.  he wants to know how and why and what.  i don't know, daddy, i just fucked up.  and that's not an excuse and i wish i could tell you what the fuck was wrong with me.  he tells me i'm intelligent and that i'm talented but that i can't do this to myself.  he tells me he knows i've changed and he knows i am changing.  and i want to say did i have a choice?  and i want to say was it really up to me?  but i stop myself. but i stop because i don't know how to tell him. i don't know how to explain this in between where i am confident and secure with myself yet these very things somehow push me further too. and i hide, i cover, i inexplicably deal with it and they put up with my nonsense.  they put up with my nonsense because they love me. because more than anything in the whole wide world they want to see their little spoilt princess happy.  but there is a fine line.  and i don't want to be her anymore.  he says he'll bring me home if it continues. like it's a threat. like it's bad or something.  i like it here, i do. it's nice, and comfortable and like home somewhat...but it's not home at all. it's so different. so fucking different and strange and i feel so stupid and colored and dumb. like there's nothing i really know for a fact here. and i like the starting fresh and the building bridges again, and i like the quiet of suburban lilfe and new experiences but it just gets difficult i guess. i'm dumb.  it's been three months and i should be used to it now. i have a great boyfriend, excellent grades, a thriving career and amazing friends. why am i complaining? i shouldn't because i've came so far from nothing to something. because i'm thinking about the homeless man outside and i should count my blessings.  because last night i looked beside me and sitting next to me were two people that loved me very much and at home were my "parents" and a million miles away, i had people that prayed for me each night and loved me with their whole hearts good or bad.   but i let those people down and it hurt.  and then the pastor asks us what we're grateful for this year. and amanda breaks down beside me because her dad's left home and she's turned her plane around from virginia because her mom rings her broken down, crying because she doesn't want to spend thanksgiving alone. and she says, i'm thankful for family and friends.   and i look beside me and here is a man that's willing to love me for all my flaws. and here at home in a different country is another set of parents letting me in again and here is god saying, what the fuck are you complaining for?  it's thanksgiving.  and frankly, it's time for some changes.  a new beginning.  it's time to leave the past behind and start again.