          reach out, tonight; my home is yours.    a little early but oh well...  burning firewood in amber flames of orange glows as the turkey roasts and all of today comes to rest tonight. i thank god for gifts so sweet and bitter, for learning experieces as little memories jingle in my mind and lonely tired weary eyes cry for the very last time. safe in someone's arms again, secure, life today seems beautiful and challenging.  for family; all nights and days of torture and torment having to be bloody related to me. for people to listen to me and laugh when the day is over, for when days melt into dark empty cold nights and everything is uncertain, for at the end, standing right behind me are the people that have known me my whole life. are the people that will always know me the best no matter how far i run or how much i hide. thank you for loving me, for caring, for showing love in your own special ways and meeting all my needs.   for friends; both near and far. for terrible nights i have hated this place, thank you for friends at home that have pushed me forward again and again, for friends here that have made this whole experience a better one, for helping me fit in and slowly taking the time to explain moronic things that everyone around here should know. for sharing a part of their culture and making it so much easier. for being with me to discover new everyday things. there are friends and there are  friends . thank you for being my "friends".  this year, there are no long overwhelming emotional schizo speeches. i am grateful to be alive, i am grateful for healing and little miracles. this year has been a combination of good and bad events. whatever doesn't break you makes you stronger.....for not breaking.  an online community that has become home for a while now. thank you for space, for words of wisdom and for inspiration and encouragement to be whoever i want to be.   outside, on the cold empty streets lies an old homeless man that begs for shelter. hungry pangs invade his shrinking bony frame...what is his story? how can i help? what can i do?  tonight, my home is your home. my coat yours. my meal is never too little to be shared, never too big to be small.  reach out.  bring in.  i'm only one in a world of billions.  thank you, everyone, anyone.