          let down.  it's thanksgiving tommorow. a part of me has a multitude of things to be grateful for, things to shout about, things that have completed my life yet this week has been awful. wretched. this week i have felt invisible and nothing, yelled at and beaten to bits and pieces. i just got off the phone with my dad, another conversation, another telephone call.  and he questions my priorities. and he questions the person i am.   "think about what's really important to you"  "you fucked up." plays about six hundred and seventy two times in my mind.  i let my father down. i let the people i don't mean to let down everytime. dissappointed again. racheal fucked up…now just how many times have i heard that? have i said that? it’s not even a valid excuse anymore.  a part of me is trying to move on. a part of me that's confident is weary at the same time too. i am not depressed or having a string of bad days, i am dissapointed. maybe because i know i could be so much more. maybe because i know i let myself down on purpose.  i want to go home. as much as there are so many good things here, i want to go home.  i thought maybe i'd get to go home for christmas break.  i thought maybe someone would say, you know what, screw everything else, want to go home?  because i miss my mom and dad. i miss grandpa and grandma and talking to them. i miss playing with the kids and watching their faces light up. i miss my cousins and my relatives, their screams and shouts. i miss my friends.  i am home sick and it’s terrible.  but i like it here. i swear i really do. i came for the wrong reasons but i'm slowly beginning to change, it gets hard sometimes. it gets confusing and lonely and frustrating. when things don't go your way and when no one understands you. literally.  he said if you go home i don't suppose we'd work out huh?  i don't know.  i know i like you. and i know you make me want to laugh and cry at the same time because i feel so amazing and special at the same time. i know i like it when i find your arms around me at night, when i see your smiling face at the end of the line. i know all these things and a part of me has felt like this before yet it is different. hard to explain. do i love you?  is this what love feels like?  i don't know.  do i want to stay?  i don't know.  i know a part of me has to. i know a part of me doesn't have a choice.   i am grateful. but why do i feel so lost at the same time?  i am tired of my past. i am tired of what has happened and i am tired of dealing with things. i just want everybody to forget it and let me try again. i know i fucked up and i'm sorry and i know i've fucked up a lot of other things to but when the whole wide world constricts you and reminds you constantly that you're a failure it gets to a point where it's really hard to keep on going. i know i am headed at the right path but you have to stop bringing me down damnit.  i don't know what to tell my father  i tried "i just fucked up."  but he just questioned more. and yelled more. and stamped it in more.  i don't know how to tell him, i don't know. maybe i'm dumb. maybe i'm stupid. maybe i'm not good enough to be your daughter. maybe you should just give me away.  again.