          emo.  i'd be empathetic, but that'll only mean i have to open up further, or care, or risk falling into places i've known before. a full circle? fuck that. this is exactly the same as it was before only now the tables have turned. you talk about empowerment, does it make me any stronger? any more elevated? maybe...or not.   does it make me feel good to see someone i love hurt, no, it never does. as much as i bitch about it and as much as you've hurt me, i'll never wish it on anybody, no, not even you. especially not you.  i still care, but some part of me can only care so much before i get hurt again.  am i happy? yes, yes i am. and i deserve to be. i haven't been in so long and i know i've come so far. am i proud of myself? yes. for once in my whole entire goddamn life and i can solidly stand here and say, i am enough.  relish all the nights i came back to you and grovelled and cajoled and pleaded. relish all the nights i lay on my empty bed, with my cut up soul, and the dead tone at the other end of the line that tells me you're not here anymore. take away all that pain and all the nights and days i've woke up crying, it's made me stronger but no, i would not like to ever remember that again. no, not your cold steely voice at the other end, no, not that click, no, not another email, no, not all the times you've put me down and grinded me into pulp, no.  never again the times i've waited for you to come but you never did.   if i was stronger i would tell you fuck that and lets try again. but so many parts of me on so many levels wants never to do this ever again, you don't go back running to the stove once you're burnt and trust me on that one, i'm fucking burnt. charred. ashes to dust and all that. a part of me is dead, a part of me is shut off, closed up, ripped apart and it feels good. it feels good to not go through so much pain, it feels good to disconnect, it feels good to move on and let go and not be so vulnerable and fragile.   it feels good to finally have control of my life again.  and yes, it feels good to have someone next to me again. you fall and fall and fall and you try to look for something to hang on to and your strong person and your big guy, the one that promises to be there forever and the one that promises he'll love you forever, then you watch as he pushes you away, then you watch as he screams at you, then you watch as he tells you it wasn't love, then you watch as he tells you he didn't know what the fuck it was.   then you feel that emptiness. then you feel that ugliness. then you feel that dirtiness.   that i am nothing, and disgusting and all my fears.  then you listen to him confirm that.  once.  twice.  three times.  ....i lost count.   then you don't invite it because hell, you've never invited it. and it just comes, right when you don't expect it, it comes. and so does healing. and so does understanding. it comes and it scares the piss out of you but this time you've learnt your lesson and you say none of that self doubting shit and none of that 'fucked up little child' business. you work at it and you work at it again and you work at it even if it means you have to reopen certain scars so they bleed just right and heal properly because there's only so long you can blame it on someone else and only so long you can feel sorry for yourself and only so long you can lock yourself up in a tiny dark empty cell that lies in the recesses of your brain.  there's only so long your prejudices can shut out love.  and you finally realize and know, it's okay.  it's finally goddamn okay.      "maybe the mistake was assuming that love solves everything. that it takes everything away, makes everything else not matter anymore. "