                       i am thinking about changing my major. i've been having second thoughts about journalism for a while now and after having my papers torn apart consistently for about twelve weeks, i am thinking that i might not be cut out for this writing thing at all.  right now, i am taking biology, biology lab, english 1101, creative writing, acting i, public speaking(shit class), rehersal and performance and am making pretty good grades in all of them. i enjoy school, for the most part, and the big nerdy part of me actually finds all this hogwash interesting BUT i'm not so sure if i like this whole writing deal anymore.  originally, i was enrolled to do broadcast journalism but i need to take all these basic journalism courses first and damnit, racheal hates history, geography and any other shit of that kind. half the requirements and prerequisites take up about all those damn subjects. pah.  i've been offered a scholarship to be in the jazz choir next term but i am really looking forward to being in the drama department again. i've always been interested and involved in the 'entertainment' and 'artsy-fartsy' side of things that to think about a real actual job and covering shit like the elections is exciting but it doesn't really make my heart pump you know?  bob wants to know if i'd like to work on the set again for the next show and that makes me excited. :) i think i am somewhat creative more than i am intellectual. sure, i'll sit around and talk to you about seven hundred and forty two real things but give me a paintbrush or a script and i'm there in a heartbeat you know?  or maybe i just don't have much going on up there.  whatever.  well anyway, as i was saying, i have to start registering for the spring term. mr cashwell has listed me in for english 1102, algebra, mass communication, earth science, classic mythology, acting ii and/or jazz ensemble. all my credits should be transferable within the state but i sorta need to be certain about my major and i really don't want to do a general thing.  so how?  i can't go into theater because to be quite honest, there's nothing to fall back into. and the whole point of me getting a degree would be so i had a degree and when i went to go do my shit and get burnt out again and all that fun stuff then i'd still be able to do journalism or some shit right? wrong.  maybe i should do marketing?  public relations?  god knows i work them prostitutes well.  what i'd really like to do is join the air force and be a flying paramedic or an emergency peadaetrician...but seeing as i can't even spell it, maybve not.  speaking in which, kirk got called for active duty. he's leaving for the turkey border in march, i don't know about you but i'm sick of all this war and iraq nonsense.   pah.  p/s sudafed bad. :P