               forgive me if I blubber and stumble.   In between of all the bullshit that’s been going on in the last week, someone made me think of it last night. Someone special. Someone I gave a part of me to, someone I know will have that part of me for as long as I live. Someone irreplaceable.  I imagine my wedding day, I imagine The One and I pledging eternity and till death do us part but with us are the others, the exes of our past, the people we once promised forever to. And then I realize and it hits me that when I am to be married to him that my heart and perhaps, neither is his completely ours. That hurts. For everytime you get into a serious emotional relationship, you give a part of your heart away.  I have no regrets for the pieces that are etched in me of them for it still brings smiles and comfort some days but it is hard nonetheless to know that I am not pure, not complete, not truly a hundred percent only his and his alone.   Abstinence. I have never really practiced it, it makes me tainted and dirty. Not a reflection of god, not a good example, perhaps even, not wanted. But then in society and the generation that I have grown up in it has become so acceptable, so easy, so okay. I have always believed in sleeping with only people you love, trusting someone enough to reach that new level. There are benefits but what can mar it all is when sex is used as a bait rather than a way of affection.   I’ve had lovers who were in the relationship for the sex and used sex as an object. Violated that trust. Actually, I’ve only had one lover like that. He broke my heart but he’s still in my life. It is like that itch you can’t get rid of. Like eating fast food and that instant gratification and it feeling so good yet consciously, bad for you. he’s left me high and dry, he’s left me more times than I care to remember but yet each and every single time he’s begged I’ve let him in again. I’ve been hurt and hurt continuosly but yet some faulty mechanism in me caves in every time he needs me. I am a game player, I am emotionally mental and highly indecisive, I am your version of the worst girlfriend you can ever get yet he is exactly like me. perhaps that’s what attracted us to each other, your novice game player, the challenge. the sucking up what we needed from each other selfishly.  I’ve known him for much of my whole actual dating life and something tells me he will never leave.   I’ve been the bitch and I’ve been the mistress. I’ve been the one being cheated on and I’ve been the one that’s dumped. I’ve been the one that dumped and I’ve been the one that left. I’ve been all of those things…have they made me wiser? Maybe, maybe not.   I met him when I was sixteen. Seemed like a young age but back then, everything accelerated. When you were twelve you were going on fifteen, when you were sixteen you were going on eighteen and when you are eighteen, you’re going on twenty one. Perhaps that explains why I’ve never dated someone younger than I am, that or I could give you the crap about how women mature faster than men.   He was everything I’d ever imagined in a man. The One you know. Yet we had gotten out of volatile relationships and were still being constantly drawn back into them. He was cute and he was charming and sweet and funny and kind. We flirted, we talked, we shared but it wasn’t till much much later that things started becoming concrete. Sure there were lets have dinner together nights and sure there were moonlight walks, stolen kisses and conversations that never ended but something always distracted us or pulled us apart. Then when we finally did get together it was magical. Surreal. It was blissful and perfect and so amazing. I swear the flowers were livelier and the skies bluer and everything was just so divine and heavenly and everything was just nice. We reached our comfort zone but bit by bit we started growing apart. The distance didn’t help yet we tried again and again to make it work. We flew in fortnightly, we wrote long mushy emails talked daily, we left little gifts around, we made plans and tried to work on it but it reached a point where there was just nothing left. We were overexhausted and tired and so it ended. It didn’t become crazy, we just had nothing left in us. It hurt a lot but it ended beautifully…if there was the simplest most honest okay break up, it was that. I slipped out and we didn’t talk much to each other for a long while. I missed him because he was a good friend above everything else.   I’ve found him again and have begun to rediscover him, we know that we cannot work it out being together again…not at that level for we are moving on in our own separate lives. We talk about things with less red tape, with blunt, sometimes suffocating honesty because I have given that to him, I hesitate to think that this honesty might ruin the future. Too much honesty is bad sometimes.   History repeats itself.  I am in a funny place right now. I am right in between swearing off love yet wanting to try it again. I don’t know if I want to go through another relationship and give away again another part of me to someone else for safekeeping. I don’t know if I want him to join that line of befores and should things not work out, the line at my wedding day. It scares me whenever he’s said I love you, it’ll still scare me for a while more. I get funny when he says forever. Because I think about all the forevers that have fallen apart.   I know I cannot get into a relationship right now for the timing is awful yet I do not want to stand here and push away this amazing friendship that we’ve found. How do I keep it at this level of closeness and not let anything get beyond this. How do we keep this relationship strictly platonic? I am not done with my issues from the past, I still wake up to tears some nights and I need to get away from that before I can give my all in this. Will it be too late?   Hope is a strange thing yet hope also confuses a lot of things. I have hope for the future to work things out but so much evidence is laid to know that we might never ever work out but how can I ignore even that little slither of hope? I suffocate it with thoughts and with best laid out plans of all the anger and hurt but I have already let go of most of that in hopes to move on with my life. Those are my overbearing radar signals that emit out the fuck off status. Am I ready to face the world alone without protection?  I have digressed from my original point, I can’t quite remember how I reached this nor really what my specific point in this post was but rather that I don’t want to date just for the sake of dating you know? I don’t want to go out, meet some guy, go out for a few months then end it again, I don’t want to do the game playing, the ping ponging of different extremes and emotions, I don’t want to try try again when it is pointless. I don’t want to shop and not buy.   I want to love and be loved. And I want it forever.   I want there to be no compromise or broken promise for that.   But I know you cannot provide that, and that’s why it’s not alright.  That’s why I need to be alone.     "Pain is inevitable but misery is optional.”