            wording out differences, things that make me upset. wording out feelings onto paper, onto screen. this is my exit; the pedestal that i can stand on and proclaim i am free, i am free. shouting raving lunatic, shut up you stupid indecent moronic bitch, this is my place, my world, my corner away from the world.  i wonder if anyone sees me as i unmask and unlayer, make up scrubbed away, digging into raw flesh, i bleed to show you my inner self, to reveal the broken pieces in me and the torn up soul i beat from. love me for who i am i say, leave if it digusts you. dishonesty is a fucked up moronic feeling, dishonesty is a horrid horrid hurtful lie. do not pretend. do not lie. do not hurt.  you are what you write.  i write and rant and go on seven hundred and fifty two times about him and him and him. i cry because it hurts, i laugh because i'm happy.  a year yesterday i met him, today this year i loved him. the two he's, play them together in a quintet and a quartet and string the harmonies together to see the racket that will come out. he tells me to move on and fuck off, i ask him questions that bleed on solid cut off walls that intrude, he leaves again.  but i don't care anymore. i cannot care. i don't want to care.  i attempt to fix and let go, welcoming changes and letting wonderful exciting things to happen to me.  this harmony, happiness, euphoria seems vaguely eeriely familiar. almost dejavu. do all evil men drive trucks, come from california and have a good sense of humor?  i don't know, i'm about to find out. invest everything in this? hell no. run? absolutely not. try again? say what? then what the fuck are you going to do then?  i don't know.  but i'm trying. and investing. and running.   oh wait, that's just me.  dumb moronic fat bitch.   i am happy, but one part of me wants to question 'how long'?  i am happy, and one part of me says, fuck everything else; i'm happy!!!!!! fanfuckingasstastic!@!   but it's a good day. a quiet day. it's a strange day.  one year.  time creeps up on you doesn't it?  boo.     "Some days you feel like you are talking to a wall. Some days the wall talks back to you. That's when you put down the crack pipe and go to bed."