         beware of the fat self-obsessed needy bitch.     so it's been an interesting night..   lol, i started this post two nights ago and consequently fell asleep midway through a conversation, thinking out this post and d/l the pictures from the camera. someone say exhausted? i think so too.  :) it's just been one of those weeks where your days and nights all string together and you're kinda like 'what?' but it's been fun. i mean, sure, i'd like some alone time and time to do nothing but i've realized how disgustingly unproductive and depressing that gets to racheal so i pick this i don't have a life outside of all this shit type of thing anyday.  besides, learn to be grateful for the moments eh?  life is really strange right now..but a good type of strange you know? i'm fucking excited about the musical and i'm at this stage where things are comfortable and i have my routines that make me feel safe and normal and all that so it's kinda nice.   school is coming along pretty well and it's hard to believe that there's only five more weeks to the end of this term. i feel like i've come so far since before so there's this surreal magical type of aura that surrounds it. one year ago today i was preparing to leave for nz and i can still remember all the feelings that came with it...i'm thinking back to how that feels so damn long ago it's crazy.  you know, there are a lot of things in my past that i wish didn't happen and a lot of regrets that i wish i could somehow mend or change, but the other night when i was trying to figure things out there was a tinge of realization that everything happens for a reason.   perhaps this happy with life racheal doesn't last very long, perhaps the good spells come and go and perhaps i might come back tonight again and be crying and upset with myself and hate the world. but perhaps so many other things might happen too. perhaps i might get hit by a car, or perhaps between now and tommorow six hundred things might have changed, don't live for the perhaps and live for the right nows right?  the easiest route is to just give in and give up.  the strongest is to heal.  so i don't really understand half of what's going around me sometimes..but it's okay, because nobody does anyway.   :P     "I asked God to take away my pain. God said, No. It is not for Me to take away, but for you to give it up.  I asked God to make my handicapped child whole. God said, No. His spirit is whole, his body is only temporary.  I asked God to grant me patience. God said, No. Patience is a by-product of tribulations; it isn't granted, it is earned.  I asked God to give me happiness. God said, No. I give you blessings, happiness is up to you.  I asked God to spare me pain. God said, No. Suffering draws you apart from worldly cares and brings you closer to Me.  I asked God to make my spirit grow. God said, No. You must grow on your own, but I will prune you to make you fruitful.  I asked for all things that I might enjoy life. God said, No. I will give you life so that you may enjoy all things.  I asked God to help me love others as much as He loves me. God said... Ahhh, finally!  you have the idea."       "Basically, the bottom line is this: I am me. This blog is me. There is no variation between the two. I will never, ever back down from my convictions or from being who I am because it makes someone nervous or uncomfortable. Love me or leave me, as the saying goes."