         laughing because she doesn't want to scream, smiling because she doesn't want to feel, numbing because she doesn't want to cry. and no one sees her.   and no one hears her.   she's quiet. neatly hidden.   tipsy on the wine. white, transparent liquid that splashes on carpet. falls but the glass doesn't shatter. no smithereens to collect tonight, just mere sour stench of pulped grapes and damp odor.   for a moment she is lost. transported. remembers.  remembers picking up remnants of their glases broken on the marbled slippery floor, and how the red spread so fast and flowed so fluidly. it was art in creation and drama in explosion.  tension.  she was going out tonight. been asked. begged.   her last night in town. her new found status of being single, exploiting that freedom. she was happy, she was renewing, she was trying again.  drastically improving. piecing together little pieces to form the bigger picture..she'd be okay, she'd be alright.  she was secure.  only that getting ready she stared too hard at the being in the mirror. she found the flaws again, she found discrepancies and ickiness.   holds that small torn notebook lined paper. numbers hastily scratched on to it.   tired of feeling like this. tired of trying trying again. tired of excuses and lies and bullshit.  just call the number.  just ask for help.   fix yourself and do one solitary right thing.  going insane. so many questions. too many answers. nervous breakdown reaching it's climax.   i just want to be okay, i just want to be fine.  479-9411.  i want to. i know i need to. i have to but something stops me. something scares me. something about coming out in the open and saying i have a problem messes me up. something about fixing this then fucking up and having nothing else to blame but me. something about being afraid to realize that i might not be strong enough for the consequences, the truth. that i might not stand alone secure.  and i'm lost.  confused.  and i'm small.   big.   tiny.   fat.  and i'm tired.  alone.  hiding.  where's my season of hope?