         just three decibels too low, deep...soothing. an angel's decree from heaven, let there be light, let there be peace. sleep tight now my child, sleep tight.  it'll all be over soon. it's just a bad dream, just a bad night, just strange situations and not enough inside to fight. just intoxicated and looping.  fallen streams of salty teardrops caress fleshy cheeks, lose twenty pounds she tells herself. criticizing, analysing, destroying.   she has so many fears. too many fears. why does she feel so schizopherenic? so manic depressive? the extremes, the pretending, the violent extremities....laughing because she doesn't want to scream, smiling because she doesn't want to feel, numbing because she doesn't want to cry. and no one sees her.  and no one hears her.  she's quiet. neatly hidden.  drip. drip. drip.  crimson blood flows, hurting herself, tearing apart flesh and wound, differentiating, or at least attempting to. which is physical and which is mental? torture. abuse. punish yourself you sorry excuse for a human.  packs her bag. not going home. going away but not going home. alone. alone. alone.  christmas presents. more christmas shopping. tidy bows and colored tissue. tis the season to be merry. forgiveness. forgive yourself.  dream. let be. fantasize. carpe diem.  she knows who she is yet large overwhelming questions cloud her mind. searching for herself. searching for bits and pieces to string together. looking for the bigger picture, putting the puzzle together. clearer now, clearer. haunt me, don't distract me. pull me, don't annoy me. try me, don't abuse me.   tipsy on the wine. white, transparent liquid that splashes on carpet. falls but the glass doesn't shatter. no smithereens to collect tonight, just mere sour stench of pulped grapes and damp odor.   for a moment she is lost. transported. remembers.  remembers picking up remnants of their glases broken on the marbled slippery floor, and how the red spread so fast and flowed so fluidly. it was art in creation and drama in explosion.  tension.  but she puts on the happy face for them to see. she always has a face for anyone. the you can't touch me looks, brushes away the sweltering harassing remarks from far too overgrown men, the kind she attracts all the time anyway. fat. old. rich. balding. men.   and the ones that are worth it she pushes away. shies away at even the slightest chance, flirtation, banter. she's single again, they chase, she runs. further and further away it's not even a game anymore.   it's some sick deprevation in her mind.  it's some solitudal need to be independent crap she's drilled into her mind  yet she wants to love. she wants to be loved. but it comes out foreign and weak. she's not used to being so open, she's not used to expression, she's not used to love.  what is love?  the bolder stronger renewed side of her wants to find out. accepts the offer.   she is dressed. preparing for a good night out, the last in town. preparing for lots of dancing and swearing. for waffle house at three and too many ciggarettes, too many drinks. yet getting ready though, getting ready slowly disturbs her. and she doesn't feel like it anymore. and she looks, and stares. she sees ugliness, she sees pain, she sees the things she cannot hide.  she needs to lose weight. she needs to escape. she needs the answers.  she needs help.  479-9411