         Maybe it was because I read what he had to say about us. And I felt that shitty icky crap that always seem to come hand in hand with it and realized, rather pathetically, how different I’d become yet at the same time, how emotionally sort of strange I still was in a way.   There’s always going to be something weird and strange about jared and I, perhaps even some sort of cosmic fatal attraction type of drama but something about Saturday night made me realize that as soon as I said the words, “maybe” I fucking ran. I ran and screamed and yelled and realized I couldn’t and didn’t love him in that way anymore. Perhaps a cling to desperation and wanting to soothe healing wounds. You know how when a wound heals it itches and the battle is not to scratch it? Exactly.  A short, somewhat short anyway, recap of the last few weeks is complicating and weird.  I am single. And I can honestly actually tell you, I’m okay with that.   Somehow, it wasn’t that franklin invaded my privacy but rather the attachment of having someone so close while not really having it all together really bothered me. It wasn’t that I didn’t have fun, or that I did not feel comfortable with him or trust him but rather a this-is-cute-but-really-what-and-who-are-we-kidding type of thing.   In a bid to escape everything that seemed to close in and constrict me closer and closer, I drove out to Mobile on Saturday for a concert. I am pseudo and at times fanatically religious. I may not practice a lot of the teachings and my faith may get broken once in a while but I believe there is an immense eternal being out there and all that good shit. It was uplifting and at the same time terribly eye opening, I wasn’t sure if it was just because the person we had gone to watch was the same artist that I saw in Malaysia or if it was just the being able to step away from all this shit and think thoroughly thing. Well anyway, four hours of driving and being in some place else and thinking clearly for once in a long while was good apparently.  I came home, physically whacked but mentally fresher than I’d been in a while. he drove over needing to say the things he had to say and so we talked. And I explained. And somehow laughter, smiles and a big great hug emerged out of it. Minus a pillow fight, lots of tickling, and midway distraction of course.  But anyway, it was weird because everything was out in the open rather that understated subtle shit that had to be read in between the lines and it felt really good. I watched his truck pull away and it wasn’t like the other night where I had told him I had needed some time alone but it was rather quite drastically different.  Then I went in to ring jared. Yeah, I know. smart, racheal, really smart. Doh.  I rang perhaps not realizing all the things I had told myself before. Lost in some moment I suppose, that desperation I clearly remembered and talked my ass of for a good few minutes into oblivion and it ended. Somehow, having said everything and opening the door had brought in closure.  I cried and sobbed and did the whole she bang. Feeling sorry for myself because I couldn’t go home for Christmas and just letting go. And it felt good. Hell, it felt really really good.   Marc shot me yesterday and I somewhat enjoyed it. It was weird and different, yet it was pleasing in some odd sense. I fucking aced the biology paper which seems so ironic when it was to be one of my most difficult subjects and it’s nice how this term has wrapped up and ended.  I think I made some pretty good grades and there are a lot of little side projects I have going for me and being planned that it’s nice to look forward to.  Tomorrow I leave for a long awaited vacation to Orlando and Melbourne, which is I guess rather coincidentally planned to fit quite nicely into my frame of mind.  So nothing has turned out like it was supposed to and nothing ever will you know?  Just go with the flow I guess  Strangeness, but I actually think I’m happy.  Madness.