                                   you know what i hate? i hate it when i come back stinking of stale ciggarettes and booze. so frustrating because it gets under your skin and the whole way back in my semi intoxicated mind it's just chanting, i need a bathe, i need a bathe. i swear i need to soak in peroxide or something.  there were so many fucking people tonight. i don't like people. well not right now anyway, and i don't like talking to random strangers and i don't like being nice to people i don't know and holding conversations that are so stupid and repeated and dumb. i also don't like dancing in public and swinging my fat ass and being sociable. yet despite all that, i had fun tonight. it was a good distraction, thank you you. and you. for making tonight the first night in a while that i've really laughed and smiled.   i got coerced(conned) into watching sophie ellis baxter perform. actually, i just got forced, period. because this bastard decided to ring and then because i'm being cranky and frustrated and lazy i don't pick up my phone and he doesn't leave a message and so the next thing i know i'm talking with a couple of friends online and he's standing at the door telling me to get dressed. the best thing being, he roped in my brother as well so i couldn't exactly back out of it. it was fun and loud and noisy and she had one very yummilicious dancer which everyone is convinced is gay because really, aren't they all? and to that i say, good for them then.   i also got picked up by a chick tonight. that tickles me, because i had fun with sexy white tube top girl. i questioned her advancement though, it must have been pretty obvious that i was straight yet she very admiringly convinced me to dance with her. yes, me dancing. stage. lights. dancing. i blame the drink. she might have tried to grab my ass a couple of times too. but it's cool even if   you  might be jealous.  :P  they served some moet which was good but i hate moet so i just smiled and nodded as the much too cute waiter dude person handed us drink after drink. it's very funny when you're pretty sober and you're watching your friends get pissed drunk. it's even funnier when they start talking nonsense and telling you stories.  i must have been really quiet tonight because pompous ass bitch noticed. well, that was when she wasn't snogging every other moving thing that is.   it's been a good day but i am so tired i'm actually falling asleep typing this.   i wanted to blog this to remind myself how i feel right now. peaceful.  haven't had that in a while.  thank you all who made today so much better.    "There is in friendship something of all relations, and something above them all. It is the golden thread that ties the hearts of all the world." - John Evelyn