         [12/17/2002 9:40:16 PM | + racheal] shagging. I feel sick.   I want to go throw up and throw up and throw up.   I don’t know what it is…remnants of dinner flushed down with red wine and biscotti feels trapped in my throat. But that’s the way it always feel, that’s the way the story goes. Right before I do myself the glorious perverse pleasure of pumping the volume up to stick my fingers down my throat and drown out the gagging. To drown out the sounds of making myself sick, simultaneous relief and disgust at the same time. I’m making myself sick.   I’m late. I’ve never kept track, never worried about it. I’m not a sleeper, hard to believe but I don’t exactly fuck around. No, it doesn’t mean that I’ve never had sex, it just means that the meaning of a casual fuck has never quite rang anything to me, make love though…make love I have. Only that it’s different, I’ve never had to worry about the actual conceivement of an unwanted child.   I’m late. And it scares the piss out of me. I’m stressed and I’ve half blown smoke up my ass convincing myself that stressing it out, being underweight, and having a shit system for a body contributes to it. Abortion. Fucking A.   I’m not pregnant. I’m not pregnant. I’m not fucking damn pregnant.   I just cannot have that much of amazing luck. To an extent, I think we have been very safe, yet there are still questions. Loopholes. Condom? Check. Spermicidal? Check. Birth control pills? Not checked. Heck, the last thing on earth I expected when I came here was to have a relationship much less sleep with someone so why would I have brought my prescription right? Wrong. I’m a dumbass.   I had one of those piss on a little shit piece of foam and let it tell you if it detects hormones or not tests but it came out negative. Those three minutes were my three  minutes in hell. And I’m still late.   Why beat yourself over such a simple matter right you drama queen bitch.   For one, it’s not simple. In fact, it’s about as complicating complex as it can get.   Add in an ex-girlfriend, an ex-boyfriend, lots of shagging, and the whole thing about wanting to just be friends into it and you get a turmoil of bullshit and drama.   Only that I’m the major one freaking out.   Why?   Because as always, I’m the only fucking person that knows.   Hell, I could always just ring Her up and tell her right.   Or Him.   Or the Ex.   Whatever really.   Oh don’t mind me. I’m just the crazy insane bitch freaking out as usual.