          construction.   he rolls over. half asleep. half dreamy and silly and whispers those three words.   i laugh, snort, giggle and scream at the same time. wanting to yell at him and say, "what the fuck?" but you know what they say about people being asleep and being compared to blatant honesty when you're drunk and it's slipped out.   holy shit. holy shit. holy shit.  ----  breaks down today, tears in his eyes and hurt aching through. i want to hold him in my arms and take away all the pain and draw him close and soothe him till all is gone. his one and only grandparent left and now he's alone. pallbearer he tells me. i say it'll be okay and he takes that long drive there and back, sleeping in between heartache and headache. it sucks to be sad and sick at the same time and i wish i could find the words. i'm sorry.  you don't have to be strong all the time, it's okay. i promise.  ----  finds me when i'm tired, cranky and sick of the whole fucking world.   when someone else has broken me down, he picks up scraps of me to dust me off. and we talk.  we talk like we've never talked before.  we talk about life and love and letting go and moving on and mistakes. finality and all things that must come to an end. we talk about  my addiction and his. we talk about our demons and the things we fear. but yet we laugh a lot. we laugh till our sides hurt and laugh somemore. we laugh because it's silly. we laugh maybe because it's love.  ----  he bangs and sings and strums and jams. he plays to his little sold out crowd and signs for his little fans.  runs around and sets up and catches me in between cigarettes and photographs to sneak in a kiss and a hug or two. and runs along again doing his own thing so i have time to do mine.  and he tells me he believes in me and my dreams and that he knows i can do it. and we talk about two years from now. and we talk about our careers and lives we want to lead. and i tell him how immensely fucking talented he is, and he thinks we happened for a reason, that i've completed his life. but i know, no, he's completed mine.  he's made me finally worth it.   i thought friendship meant more things. maybe i thought it would be stronger, that the part about being friends come what may would ring true but last night, desperation on some new level won out and sold out. i'm tired of backlash and nit-picking, saying the wrong things and doing worst. it's over.   perhaps we should leave it at nothing.  you break and break and let someone break you so many times it gets old. redundant. same bloody damn story again. only that i'll try this time, and fight back and tell you no, not this time. not anymore times.   funny how you put the question in my mind. the what if. the maybe we just needed to go do our own things on our own for a while and come back and it'll be perfect only i realize now it'll never be perfect. there'll always be something wrong, and something fucked up and something not right.  you've never seen me smile or heard my laugh. you've never held my hand or wiped away a tear. you don't know the things i do nor have you tasted my cooking, heard me sing, watched a show. i've never seen you, never touched you, never really known you at all. maybe we've been caught in a fucking lie, perhaps you were right after all, maybe we weren't real. maybe it was just bullshit.  well keep your bullshit then. i'm done with you.   and i'll work on me now. the fucked up little child gets help. the fucked up little child is finally going to be something.  so i get depressed, so i get extremes, so i throw up and starve myself. so so so...so what?  i'm tired of this life and i'm tired of the person i am with you. i'll find me a new life now. i'll make me a new life.  i'll change and fucking bleed stuffing myself and smiling myself full. i'll learn about confidence and about being stronger because i know i'm strong enough for this. i know i'll fucking make it and i know i'll bloody do this.  and you can stand on your edge and laugh at me. and you can stand on your side and say more hurtful things and pull me down a while but i know now that being nothing and everything at the same time is not what i want.  you question why i ring you. stupid me thought i was comfortable with you, stupid me thought we'd actually make it this time. well fuck that, fuck the past right? simply just forget and let go eh?  and i remember you telling me that you hope im sorry someday.  and i am.   i'm sorry because you'll never see me for the things i am and the things i can be. i'm sorry that revenge gets in the way of trust. i'm sorry you've lost my trust and hurt me again. i'm sorry this is again.   call this immaturity. call this being the bigger person. call this finally doing something we've talked about forever. call this letting go.  i know what i want and what i need now. i think i'll go away a while and work on me, and dreams i've finally let myself dream again.  endings don't always need to be painful.   they just need to be simple.  goodbye.