         I would laugh, or on normal shitty days, let the tears fall…but maybe you build up mechanisms in you to shield you from all the soul-searching, heart-wrenching bullshit.  Tonight was…weird. Weird into a new context.  I was invisible and right there, in the middle and to the sidelines. All eyes on you but hiding, that god damn bitch in you that says, oh fuck off. Deal with it. Whine to somebody else. La di da…woe is me, skip di lee doo da.  Hating the idiots that blow smoke up your arse and blame little insignificant problems on everything and anything, getting angry because the smart ass didn’t learn her lines and we spent too much time on so short a scene, wasting a perfectly good Saturday afternoon. One that should have been spent with friends, basking in just being alive, whooping in the audacities collegiate life offers.  Feeling the effects of a whole week of stretching muscles and relieving fat, of Friday’s swing dancing and too many late nights. Nevermind the twenty-six hour sleepless binge being rung up at odd hours this week with three hundred and seventy two million things/pound on my shoulders that I so gallantly, and proudly, carry.  Ice skating tonight, the glorious feel of sliding…as if floating. So swift, so tender, wind through your hair, smooth white ice beneath you and a rink full of friends. Partners with old souls, coffee and forbidden cigarettes with the books and scripts over heart-to-hearts and ex-boyfriends. Mouthing off to the bastard that proudly, bitchily walks over and hurts him. staring him down with the, ‘if I ever as to so far see your damn skanky ugly white thrash face again..’ and ending it off with him knowing that the friend is far better off without him.  And I thought all gay men were nice.  ---  Sober now, sorry cartwheeling ass dragged out. Boogie-ing, door thumping in the lavatory as you patiently wait and grin, your knowing eyes that flashes to the next person behind you in line, there are beds upstairs you know. Keg-stands, ass-kicking and big band swinging, frat boys and sorority girls, induction and seduction. A nice hodge-podge mix really, an interesting combination.  Affected but you lie. Smile through your damn adversary bitch.    I’d really say more things, but taking the whole blog into consideration, the last whole year and a half has been an emotional rollercoaster. A drama-filled whiny decaying insecure daily speech. Woe is me, pity me, I mock them…only to find three fingers pointing back at me.  Becareful of what you preach.  Be wary of what you write.  Go to sleep delusional, the sun has already risen.     "Sometimes I wish I wasn't such an introspective navel gazing thinker. "