         I must have at least fifty layers on…nevermind that right as I run the bath I use up  all  a significant amount of our hot water but yeah, eighteen degrees outside? Damn it, if it’s going to be this cold, I should be able to make snow angels! Gah.  :P  on another thread though..   do ut des   naked imperialism says that apparently my torturous limbo constitutes the all important question of theology against theatrics. I mean, fuck my faith, but damn it, how far does your basic necessity to believe the being up there take you? Semitic thrash really, thoughts that invade my pagan mind when running across campus with the crazy, screaming, nut chasing after me, hitting me with his bible full of verses and challenges.  Sure, I humor him. Smile as I hurry in to avoid the cold, yeah, laugh if you may at how many pounds I’ve put on just by the coats but we’ll see who’s sorry ass freezes eh?   But he questions.   “where’s your faith, little child, where’s your faith?”   I don’t know mister.  (half open, half closed]  Sacred versus Vulgar.  A good shit novel of deals with god; promises, agreements, discussions.  I smile again, at your latest entry. Figuring out your codes, encrypted. Running through in my mind and pointing out who Rhett is, or the Strad.  I wonder how you’re doing old man. Are you tired of the crazy, crazy world too? Or did Love find you along the way and introduced you to Hope. Hope is a friend, an aquaintance. She’s nice to me sometimes, she finds me. Or I find her: same difference.  Morning classes are fun, nothing like starting off the day discussing black literature with the Substitute. Have I told you about the Substitute?  The substitute rocks my socks. Rox my sox.   The weekend is here. FINALLY here. You wait and wait and wait, swing dancing, parties, clubbing, friends, aimless wandering and Freedom. On the way to the gym now, going to work out with the ex and his ex and me and ‘friend of a friend of a friend’s competitor. This should be  interesting.   I talked to the Boy last night. The main Ex.   Waffle House sessions won’t even come close to the theories I have about this one, it’s all a conspiracy I swear, bring down the bitch!  I love this sporadic, half not there writing.  No more cancer sticks on me, sob-sob, I was going to tell you about the little girl.  She feels fragile now. There but not there you know? Healing but afraid, happy but impatient, content but searching. All them oxymorons, all them extremes. Oh well.  Barren platonic redundant talk, they find obsecinity in raping my soul. That’s what I told her yesterday, that reading this place was like tapping into the birthplace of my insecurities. They call it honesty, I call it suspended disbelief.   The moments I escape, let go, and run free.  The moments I’m just me, and it’s okay right?  You all think you know me, as if you’ve figured me out with my idiosyncracies and problems and stupidity. You think you know, but you don’t even come close to anything at all, frankly, just because I don’t either. But then again, you know how it’s always clearer from the outside looking in? Maybe.  But she's different in Reality isn't she? She's more secure, more hidden, more Confident.   I'll find that bitch and make her tell me her secrets.  Then I'll be more secure too, more hidden, more confident.  sounds good.  Now what were you up at   this  hour, silly?  I'm flattered.     "She stands still, afraid to move a muscle; afraid the movement will ripple as a pebble thrown into a calm pond, causing the dream to fade."