         Still celibate, because I know you thrive and jerk off my (non-existent) sex life, but very content.  That whole need to be romanced thingamagic thing we talked about? Well, tonight we put aside all fears, all wants, all needs, shoved it next to our summer bikinis and roughly discarded open toed slippers at the bottom of the wardrobe. Tonight we were little lovers, giggling, losing ourselves into our own little worlds.  I could pretend he was him and he could pretend I was her. In our own world we held hands, and he hugged me from behind when we went to get soda and fought like little kids laughing all the way and throwing popcorn. Acting like silly retarded juveniles stuck in grown up bodies. We made people jealous, we did just like you explained and made everyone want to slap us hard.  I was happy tonight. I even put on a baby pink shirt on top of the white ensemble to humor you. I felt like a princess tonight, perfect and beautiful. Enchanted as if untouchable, so cried out, so broken torn that all we could do from here was mend. Was fix. Was be happy.  And we even played the dancing game and kicked some good sorry ass.   Two points!!  It was weird driving there though, the broken cd player as if a testament to last week’s events. The empty ackward silence a while, not knowing what to say or where to start. Apologizing profusely on both parts, him because he cornered me into some place I wasn’t ready for, and me because of the way I reacted.  So we hugged and made up. And he asked about Gayle and I asked about Mary. As if this whole seeing a therapist thing was normal, well, that’s California for you. We did highs and lows, and he apologized again for compromising friendship and I laughed and talked about just how damn irresistible I was.   And he promised to make me my Chinese dinner because it’s that animal instinct thing again. The jealousy, the living up to what the other does. The I’ll give you bigger, better, stronger. I laugh and tell him he’s stupid and silly because I sure as hell would not like to be compared to the other girls. Hard to explain uniqueness and difference to people that won’t listen, hard to explain individuality and how one person differs from another.  I can’t make him my Jared, and I sure as hell don’t want him to be my Franklin. I just want to enjoy his company, who he is, his special qualities and bask in that a while. It’s fun. I don’t want to get too close, but I enjoy getting to know someone again.  There’s so much shit from everything else that sometimes I wish I could just shove it someone else’s ass but I’ll deal with it. I don’t have a choice but I’ll be right.  It’s the coldest it’s been in quite a while, everything freezes over and pauses a while, as if caught in a trance. Everything is put on pause or moving so extremely slow it is dictated. I may be hurting, and I may still feel the need to cry sometimes, but every day is another day of getting better, of feeling better. With spring comes dying and growing again remember? Hope.  I’m okay, don’t worry silly-billy.      "kiss yourself if you're in a warm place."