         I do this once every few months…clean up my inbox. And for the most part, it is fun, fun to see how I’ve changed and how my thoughts have differed from how they are now. Sure, there’s always going to be pain but gotta take out your trash you know?  It must be the coldest day on earth today, well at least in Florida anyway. I hate the cold weather, I hate how the chill gets into your bones and fucks you up that way. Or how you shiver, shiver, shiver.   It would be nice to have someone to share hot chocolate and marshmallows with, someone just to curl up and read by the fire. Fall asleep to. Him.  I miss abominable snowman days, when his great big coat will suffocate my little frame and I’d get lost somewhere in between. Or how we’d laugh and play in the cold, making out, creating music, exchanging ideas and thoughts.   You know what? Maybe, just like how you were saying last night, I am something. The whole intimidation thing? Well, I don’t know how baseless your theory is, or even if there’s any spine of truth to it…but what I do know is that it is nice to be the other person. It’s fun to come into school and have a selection to pick from, guy a for Monday, guy c for Tuesday and girl b for Wednesday.   All harmless flirtation really, everyone’s just looking for their soul mate. Company. Friendship. Everyone just looking to be understood and loved, looking to love.  And I do understand that, which is perhaps for the most part, why I play along with it. It’s a nice feeling to be desired, I shy away when you say such nice things but everytime you do, you know it puts a smile on my face too.  Thank you I guess.  You know when I’ve been in to see Gayle. I am so much calmer from this morning, less edgy, less manic, just sorta almost peaceful. I don’t sleep much I think because my demons tear me up, they tell me things like I need him, and sometimes I end up believing it. Bad. Very bad.   Because I don’t right?  Because I am enough on my own and what was it about me having to find someone who could love as much and appreciate me? Someone who can understand the cycles and the chemical imbalance, saratonin bullshit was it?  You think he/she exists? You think I’ll find that one mad crazy person that’s going to love the other mad crazy person and we won’t ever tear each other apart?  Well, I guess I’ll keep my fingers crossed then.  Want to know what the crazy thing is? It’s that I’m sitting here, completely dressed in white with my hair tied up, my nails done and just enjoying this moment.  I’ve had a nap since the twenty six hour binge and sleep does wonders don’t you think?  I am intelligent, and I am attractive. I have dignity, and I have worth. I may not always be right, but I am not always wrong either, I am allowed to have opinions and thoughts. They shape me to be who I am. I am emotionally highly strung out sometimes, but that just adds to loving me as a person right? I cannot apologize for being who I am, for my eating disorders, my chemical imbalance and being sick, but I will apologize for being the not so nice person I become when I’m like that. I may not always like who I am and I may always push me further and further to achieve more and unrealistic greater things, but that differentiates me from a spineless drop out with no dreams that I fear myself becoming.   I laugh, because no one has the answers. We can search, and cry, and scream about it, but when all is done, still have to find it. Live through it. Deal with it.  I refuse to sit here tonight and write another sad entry, so instead I will go out and have fun. Superficial or not, I like my laugh. And I like myself a lot when I’m laughing, even more so when I can laugh at myself.  I am not perfect. I just forget sometimes.  That little girl that searches in the mirror? She’s still there, she still exists. She just gets tired sometimes, that’s all. But she’s fighting back, and being the smart ass she is, you know she’ll get what she wants.   I am secure enough to know I’ll make it, but still shaken enough to know I need to press on and stay strong.  I love you back, thank you for the entries.     "We can laugh as it dances in the breeze. Hold my hand, little girl. Let's walk."