         I’m not going.  Another reason, another dagger, another good cry.  Sometimes I wonder if anybody even understands me at all? So many times I find myself here again, searching…alone. Trying to fend off these beasts that violently torment me, these vulcans that devour my living flesh, picking at me till I am empty and torn, picking at me that I have no place to run, no place to hide, no solitude to seek..  I started crying twelve hours ago. I let the tears touch my pillow and soaked it, I let my heart cry out and soothed it. Wanting to cry it all over and still wanting to be strong at the same time.   I don’t understand why.   I try to look at myself in the mirror this morning and remember what bryan told me a long time ago. Tell yourself you’re beautiful each morning sweetheart; I see tired worn out eyes, I see a soul that’s hurting, fighting against time. Against herself, against the rest of the world. I see a little girl that’s afraid to be seen, that really wants to please, that’s so scared of trying. I see someone who’s trying to make it and  pretends so beautifully that she does, I see someone that used to believe in herself and had hope. I see all these things, but I can’t find Beauty. Would you please tell her I’m here?  Would you please tell her to find me?  This morning she rings, just like every other morning. Begins with wanting to know if I’ve had my pills, if I’ve had anything solid in the last few hours. Same old, same old. Asks me about my day…I lie, pretend as usual. It all went good, Mom, it all went good. Don’t worry, Mom, I’m okay, don’t worry, Mom, I’m doing fine. I pretend to be irked that she’s rung me so early, and she explains again, like every other morning, that it’s midnight their time and she likes talking to her babies before she goes to bed.  Then she tells me they don’t think it’s a good idea at all.   I am lost, as if confused. I thought maybe someone would be proud of me, I thought maybe someone would say, you did good, Racheal, you did good. If I didn’t have his congratulatory hug, I thought maybe my parents would give it to me. But they didn’t, I guess it reaches a point where nothing shocks them anymore huh? No big deal, what’s the Honor’s program and being selected to go got to do with it?  All this bullshit about getting well and being alone in the world.  I  am  alone in the world. I’ve been alone for so long, so hard now.   I don’t tell her, but I want to come home. I want to forget everything and give up. I want to run away and hide from the rest of the world a while…I want the nightmares to be over and I just want to be okay. I want to shield myself from me, and draw strength from someone else a while.  I want to really, honestly, just be okay.   ”Smile for me little princess, sing for me like a child. “   I am feeling icky, icky, bad today. Not strong, not happy, not even anything enough to pretend. I am hurting, and I can’t even remember all the reasons why, except like the crying, I’m afraid that if I start I cannot stop. And I haven’t.  Drug me.  Saratonin levels bad? Racheal bad? Racheal bad boo boo mistake not worth it?  I don’t know. I don’t care.  It hurts.  I’m hurting.  I said it now, I’m honest; why won’t it go away?  Why am I not worth pride, and love, and understanding?  Why am I, once you reach my very core, not worth anything?  I try again, but this time I am only putting a bigger band aid, on a bigger wound.      "Please use "I TALK COCK IN THIS SITE" instead. "