         We’ve been playing phone tag for as long as I can remember…and so she rings tonight, I am busy, away. Soaking away in bubble glory trying to maybe drown out all my troubles. I don’t hear the phone ringing, forget to bother to check. It’s been hard to explain my distance these past few days, I don’t feel like talking.  I ring in and run through my messages, hastily deciding that I prefer my hermit life better. Haven’t had this in a while, haven’t had alone time…but do I really like it? I don’t know, that remains questionable.  I can’t really make out what she’s saying, just sobs and wretched empty cries. I ring back and dial again and again, convinced that even her parrot might pick up next.  I wonder if she’s doing fine. Of course not silly, she needs you.   I care, and I want to help. I want to listen and fix things for her…but I can’t. I don’t know how to, I am not strong enough to love her. Not weak enough to say no.   It is…complicating to say the least. You feel that two hour cross county drive coming soon? Well honey, let me tell you something, every night this week and last and the week before would have been perfect candidates.   I came home last night, and I don’t know if it was just hormones acting up or the actual realization that I was so alone. No one’s arms around my waist to hold me tight, no lips that would sneak kisses, no security…absolutely nothing; because I was afraid? I had it all and fucked it up. He leaned in to kiss my cheek and I brushed him away, then turned around and locked myself back into my four walls again.  How do I fill this emotional void and not get hurt again? How do I not let myself hurt me again? I just want it all to be over with, I just want it to be done.    But would that justify me letting someone into my life now? Hell no. I always tell you men are so evil and treacherous and awful but they are all the same. Men, women, all bad. Maybe I have commitment phobia, or maybe God just really messed up when he made me, couldn’t tell you.  Make-up works wonders you know? Make-up and a cold silver spoon on swollen, puffy eyes. Crying silently, softly to sleep again. She breaks, her bouts of depression pound in stronger and stronger; it seems as if the more structured and perfect her life gets outside, the more torn down she is inside. Maybe I can’t handle it, maybe I won’t accept that I can really be someone because that only brings in expectations and dreams, or maybe I’m just hormonal.  I see Gayle tomorrow, but I want nothing to explain this. I want to keep mum and cross my legs and tell her about how ‘good’ I’ve been this week. Tell her I haven’t looped, that I’ve made the conscious effort to not practice regurgitating this week. That for the last seven days, I have digested.  And I won’t tell if you won’t tell.  I’ve worked out every morning, every afternoon and every night this week. I’ve ran, danced, lifted, bladed, cycled, kick-boxed and walked off all my very sore muscles. I’ve slipped in the diet pills as well as lived on my one meal a day plan this week. Dinner, because dinner is with the family and I can avoid breakfast, and avoid lunch but I can’t avoid dinner. I made a promise to not throw up so it’s the masochist in me that finds the need to do this. That has the perverse pleasure/pressure in getting down to double digits, just seven pounds more to go. i want that whatever it's called bone to show, i like that. not the ribs, got that down two years ago, not the hips, got that down a year ago, not the collar bones...but the in between your breast bone and that. whatever it's called anyway.  Want to know the worst part of it?  Is that I feel guilty for it. Is that I have my two masked face and my two sided heart. That my brain is able to decipher that this is wrong and I need to fix it. That I am losing it and abusing the shit out of my body. Taking all my shitty selfish problems and making it all exterior. Things I can work on. The part that pisses me off?  That there isn’t just a book I can study off, or a script I can memorize. There is nothing concrete but just all about emotions and feelings and all that bullshit. All about what my self-worth is to me at that point, or how secure I feel about my own being. It doesn't help when you're in this industry, it doesn't help when you are attacked.  I lie when I say I’m stronger now. Because I think that this strength, or at least this battle of staying on top, has made me weaker.  Do I really want to do this charade? of dating and getting better and being happy?  No. I don’t know.  I only do it so no one bugs me about it.  I only do it so everyone will shut up and leave me alone and quit trying to fix me.   I am so different out of this html work. I am so different out of the Internet.  In ‘reality’, I am confident and happy. In reality, I am giggly and laughy, independent and secure. I am so many things that people want me to be, expect me to be, play me up to be.  Will you do an interview with the newspaper? Do you mind if we do a story on you? Would you consider joining our program? Are you interested in saving the world?  Sure. If it’ll make you happy, okay, why not?  Ever get the feeling where your whole heart feels so numb and painful at the same time? I think it feels a little like this right now. Crying but not really crying, crying but there’s no more tears left kinda thing. I understand, I get it, but things are always easier in theory you know?  Maybe I’m crying for punishment, maybe I’m crying for sickness, for innocence. Maybe I’m just crying out because I can, because it’s not fair. Because I’m at the prime of my life and I damn bloody well should be enjoying this. Because I damn bloody well really want to enjoy this.  I don’t even know what my point was in the first place. Except I keep on going on all these things and pretend as if I’m really interested, and maybe I am. Maybe I find them intelligent and charming and amazing. Maybe I do want to get to know them but do they really want to get to know me?  I don’t know. I don’t know the answers…which started the disagreement the other day. If I never let anyone in then how will I find someone to fill up this void? How will I let love in if I continuously push it out? If I continuously make up reasons not to be loved. If I continuously make myself unloved.  Because I don’t want to hurt someone again. Because I don’t want to reach out into thin air and grasp onto nothing. Because as hard as I try to forget and as hard as I do, I’ll still remember that steely click. I’ll still remember the loneliness. I’ll still remember losing someone, and having someone not there anymore. Not exist.  Why am I hurting tonight? couldn’t tell you really.  It’s been so long since I’ve been happy. Really truly completely happy. I think I just lie to myself some times…when I have streaks. Because really, it all comes crashing down anyway.  I don’t know why I’m here again.  I hate not knowing where I’m going. I hate not knowing how this works. I hate feeling so damn sorry for myself.  I hate being able to fix every damn thing else but myself.  ...but the good part is I'll probably be okay tomorrow. I'll be fine and bouncy again, just don't catch me at night though.  Not when I'm alone.     "this is the time in my life where everything is falling apart, and at the same time it's all coming together."