         “Forgiveness is a gift you give yourself,”  …but what if it is the unforgiven. The sinners, the dirty, tainted shit. What now?   Ku menanti, seakan tangisan bidadariku menguasai langit terserlah yang menjadi bumiku, Ku berbisik, bertanya…adakah harapan di dalam dindingan ini? Adakah jawapan di semananjung gerakan ini?  Menanti…seakan mencari detik wajah yang melinangi air mukamu Menlintasi batasan yang terbahagi-bahagi di antara maruah and keperluan Diketahui, tidak dinyatakan, tidak disoali Ku menhitung, mengira Melapiskan wajah yang tidak tentu, tidak benar.  Anda terlepas  Menyoal..  Tidak tahu.  …aku kian faham  Anda bukan gerisan yang kucari lagi  Anda dipertunjukan.  Pertukaran.  Aku Tentu.    Oligopoly exists. A synergy that moves, conforms by the superior hands of media moguls. The vanishing powers of an individual silenced. Protests, but hypermass = dumber² . A mirage of sheep following, being fooled into a scary mass of marketing strategies and promotional gimmicks. The pop culture: don’t take away our MTV, our Happy Meals, and our mainstream bullshit and hand us independence. Don’t silent us with banning, and censorship, and communism. Thrive in this conforming, cookie cut-out Britney Spears / Hugh Heffner wannabes. So says the different that ends up being the punk that falls into a category anyway. A stereotype.  Ahh..see this is what happens when you stick racheal into a mass-media class that debates four thousand and six conspiracies where every damn secret government agent is against us and everything we are being fed is programmed. Encrypted into a code somewhere, dictated by an unknown source. Watching the Beautiful Mind and finding more ways on how the KGB and the CIA is against me, more chips, more androids, more sheep.  Damn sheep.  Dr Schuler offered Italy/Switzerland to me today. History Honors program, ladies and gentlemen, that would be your biggest farce ever. The coolest stunt I would have ever pulled. English Honors, I understand. Math Honors, I still understand. Thespian Academy, doh. But history? Holy shit fuck I am whinging it!   So this summer I get to go to Italy. The selected few, it’s the Cambridge program or the Italy shit. Ahh, what sweet nectar I am sucking from. Parading in.   This is huge and big and incredible at the same time. My passport into freedom and excellence and learning. Teaching, growing, developing. What my heart sets out to do, my mind will get. Every other aspect is perfect, everything on the surface is polished and gleaming.    All that glitters is not gold    I feel stifled and oppressed. Pushing my limits, and striving to be everything I am not.   I don’t know how to justify this, or that. I speak with my head up my ass, I am amazed at this opportunity. Stunned even. But it is expected, make the cut, get the grade, live the life.  What if I’m not enough?  What if I’m not perfect, and not smart enough and I can’t explain Plato’s symposium and to the damn fuck don’t know much about Medea. What if who I am that you think I am is not at all?  What if I just question too much?  What if I should just go home and celebrate my  sorry  fat ass and continue memorizing my two bit monologues for my two bit auditions that I two bit avoid anyway? My silly bimbo mentality. What if some night when I’m asleep some fairy will fly it’s wings over me and wave it’s magic wand of confidence and security?  The dreaded what ifs again.  I am who I am. Live with it right?  Be proud of who you are, what you have achieved, who you can be.  I made the cut, Mom. I’m on the honor roll, I have a crazy crowd of friends, and I am almost but undeniably satisfied.  But I want more. So I push further and further, and test my limits, and set new goals.  So I try again and if I fall, damn bloody work harder at it.  Then why, I ask, am I not enough?  My poison, he says. It’s all your own doing. What makes you breaks you.  Understandable.      "The Muse "needs her excitement, and drama, and craziness." - Yeah, right. All you need is a couple of 'C' sized batteries for your vibrator. (Don't be suspicious - it was a guess.)"