         I sent a part of my soul to the Technology Doctor today. I feel as if a part of me is missing, as if I have given away the intricate core of my being that pieces my life together. I figured, what’s a few days without writing, blogging, photographing, editing, imaging, emailing, surfing, and talking. Ah, you see, it is a huge part of me, it’s sad, I do admit, I’m a huge nerd.   So you see, I am curled up on the sofa with a borrowed laptop, rummaging through volumes and volumes of some sort of off-beat trance type British bullshit sorry excuse for music which in my humble opinion, is an unfair judgement of the type of sounds that come from the other part of the continent but what can I say, I have weird friends.  I am sitting here, sharing a cigarette with legs propped up with the intoxicatingly orgasmic scent of coffee parading around the room, seeping into his futon, getting underneath the covers with us. Getting my foot massaged and dinner prepared…thinking hey, maybe being a woman once a month isn’t too bad after all.  Nevermind the cramps, and the moodiness. Nevermind the strong desire to punch someone in the face and the sudden urge to wail my sorry ass off. I smell dinner, and damn it is good. But then again, that strategy of starving so anything tastes good always works.  I laugh because it feels like we are an old married couple though really, nothing about us is conventional. Perhaps lets start with the beginning, how the hell I managed to come home with a guy instead of a girl from the gay bar, don’t ask me.   I remember a part of this a long time ago, okay, maybe just two or three months. When He was still around, that comfortable “Honey, I’m at Wal-mart, do you need milk?”, but then as always, comfortable is never good enough for me. Racheal needs her excitement, and drama, and craziness. Racheal needs her volatile screaming and bitching and yelling. This is the part I see my mother shaking her head, whispering under her breath, racheal, racheal, racheal. All together now…  Siiiigggggghhhhhhh.  Oh wait, I forgot my point.  Er..yeah, Him was it? Well, really, there’s nothing much left to analyze there. There’s the ex, there’s pushing him back to his ex, and there’s excuses. The master of conspiracies and planning is at her best again, I still get my daily calls, my emails and updates, and I am happy for him. His life is balanced, and perhaps that’s what I need too….balance.  The friend of a friend of a friend’s place is typical. Clean even. Lots of black, white and silver here, abstract art there, Lucy Liu (yes, I’d fuck her too) poster tacked up  and the modern versus eastern vibe going around. Yes racheal, smart move, guy number seven with asian fetish. Hmph.   So maybe we’ll have sex tonight. Shit, I thought my gay-dar was pretty accurate but apparently, I am wrong. I take that back though…absolutely not, stupid thought dummy, I am staying celibate remember?  Stop laughing Marc.  I am attracted to a nice mix of humans right now. Just the right breed too, Men. * Gasp *   note sarcasm.   And I have absolutely forgotten my point of this entry, except maybe to say, I wimped out on Gayle today and rescheduled for Thursday again. Somehow, all the talking and explaining and feeling guilty didn’t sound like such a great idea today. Besides, how else was I going to knock this one down and fuck the human race again?  Oh well, there’s always tomorrow. New day, new idiot to diss, new morning to bitch.  Oh Wee.       "I forget where I'm going with this."