         I feel like the dirty slut, with her long overdrawn secret rendezvous, down and tired with  everything. Noticing all the loopholes, changes, insecurity, seeing with that damn naked eye again.  Some part knows I have unleashed a whole new world to you…one that will undoubtedly bring you much pleasure and pain. This secret hideaway from the rest of the world that feels so good and so bad at the same time…you’ll understand a little bit more now; this perverse pleasure of hiding, of having the world in your hands, of that control, that desire, that ability to say anything you want and whatever you please and not give a rats ass about it.   How people can judge you here but really, do you care?  Some day I’ll grow old, tired, and weary. Some day my skin will wrinkle, and my eyes will lose it’s sparkle…that some day looms near. That some day is here and so far away…I have my days. All the wonders of being a woman they say, all the wonders of pms.  I play with that fucking heater control knob in my little room with nothing of my own and everything of my own at the same time. Always about the two tones, the two faces, the double lives.  I walk around naked, in my own skin around this room, I am secure. Cold, but secure. Avoid the mirrors I tell my goddamn self, don’t abuse yourself tonight, go out have yourself a shitless amazing crazy night.   I put on my little black dress and slowly, apply my layers. Concealer, foundation, powder, shimmer, blusher, eyeshadow, mascara, bronzer, lipstick. Holy shit it takes a lot to make me presentable.  I want to stun tonight. I want to step out and have him take a step back and say wow. I want him to think, holy damn shit hell, what did I do to deserve this? I want him to spend the whole night looking at me, wanting me, captivating me. And I know he will.  It is that power thing again. That control I crave. And I can act coy, and silly, and laugh. And I can play along into his fantasy of everything I am not, as if this outside racheal that people so damn like is truly so damn amazing.   Hah.  Oh well, and so I’ll have myself another night of pure lust and seduction. Of getting to know someone then come home and analyze all the reasons why this wouldn’t work. I don’t eat Starbursts anymore, I don’t take wine with my sushi, or listen to the ba-da-boop beats of my heart. They lie, I’ve learnt. Don’t fall this time, don’t fall again.  So then I live in my little world of the in between. Of craving for love but not wanting it at the same time. Of feeling the empty loneliness that comes with just choosing your own poison, of choosing this fate and running to a self-proclaimed destiny. I have fun when I need it but hard-earned lessons have taught me, don’t put out, don’t give out, don’t let go.  I am my own being. I am not enough on my own but I am all I have.     "Well, shit. These kids think I'm some kind of polymath. Like I know it all. Look - I'M A MAN - we don't know from crap, but we just talk like we do."