         Paper entries penned in daily- anger driven thoughts layered with putrid heartless emotions, tears that smudge the black ink and causes streaks to run along the smooth, crisp, surface of an intricately bound sixty-two dollars Hobby Lobby/Barnes & Noble put together journal.  Coffee sits on the old oak table, getting colder by the minute…second. Getting stale, obsessive nights of Starbucks and Salem lights, heavy crystal ashtray emptied daily. Daily, the trash is taken out.   Scattered albums of childhood pictures lay around the floor, picture cds of ranging emotions that lie deep within her, mindframes of different occasions captured on camera. She thinks she’s almost invisible, her the subject though escape the reality.  Overexposed shots in a row. The naked eye does not see all that lies within it’s context. The series of bright, stark, harsh light washing her out remains to be her favorite. Transgressed, perhaps that is how she feels.   Soul, torn up and bleeding. She is breathing again, beating…but nightly, she draws back to nestle into this cocoon of security she used to know, how do you break the cycle? How do you stop all these emotions and thoughts?  Her brand new angel wraps herself around her broken wings, begs her to wave her magic wand and make it all disappear. Her hundred dollar an hour therapist is where she goes to search for more answers, ask more questions.  But nightly, she still gets sick. Nightly, when the world stops watching, she cries.   It hurts. It hurts to be so wanted  but feel so empty. It hurts to lock yourself away into a tiny little cell in your mind, it just gets so damn cold. So damn alone.  Yes, she does want to feel love, wants to love, wants to need. Yes, the opportunities are presented, are argued. But she doesn’t understand why, but she is afraid how…afraid of her own being, her own doings. Afraid of the person she is, afraid of the person that begs her back in the mirror.  She ruined herself way before he ruined her and all these ruining has left her with scars. Scars that control her actions and dictate her feelings.  There are too many extremes in living her life, apparently, her indecision, her fears, her sensitivity is what makes her her. Makes her desirable, makes her beautiful, makes her loved.  She doesn’t understand. Not one solitary bit at all.   Why does letting go mean coming back?      "i want to cut my heart open to see what's inside. who am i, or what am i? is she me or am i she? i don't know, i don't know."