         I am in one of those moods where I am so talked out and tired, I almost have no more bitches and frustrations in me to rant about. Notice the all important Almost.  The trips, to say the very least, was quite eventful. I really should probably just stop at that but seeing as I feel a strong desire to press on with this need to analyze things, I will talk about it.  So I figured out a lot of things, hell, you think that with the last whole week my damn mind would have at least been in overdrive already.   But Nooo, coming home I decide that on a four hour drive with a dog, sex talk and no music because I brilliantly destroyed the CD player on the way there, we would talk about feelings, and emotions, and bullshit about relationships. Now what started that spiel, I don’t know completely.  I am swerving in between lanes, attempting to get used to the car and having long overdrawn protests on why I stand for the things I do or at the very least, attempting to reclaim what little dignity I have left when it dawns on me to just god damn shut up and keep my opinions to myself.  It’s like one of those things where people talk and talk and talk all the while; judge and judge and judge.   To a certain point, it almost reaches unbearable.  Never, ever, have I been so glad to cross the Pensacola Bay. Or that retarded street along Pine Forest that says N.A.S. oh, god forbid do I ever curse that sign again.  But anyway, it is that tension so thick it is silent that permeates in the air, all laughter from the night before is now destroyed with the difference of opinions and judgements. I hate that I am affected by it, I hate that the whole damn car is suddenly full of drama and tension it is like a bad run of The Bold & Beautiful with fake smiles and pats to go all around.  I feel as if any minute now, some cheesy theme song is going to burst out. And it does, in different forms, just make it through the next twenty minutes and you’ll be right.  I ring and say, I’ll be home soon, take me for a drive. Take me away. Calm me down.   I finally reach and it’s that damn dam again and all the pent up, bottled shit just spurts out forcefully. It is painful and mortifying all at once, it is embarrassing.  We drive for a while, and I need someone to say the things I know I need to hear tonight. they are said, and two hours of driving around one side of the town to the other later, I am sane again.  We reach and go in for dinner. Diner smoke-free and harsh bright lights, fading into a corner…I eat. I am smiling again…laughing. Comfortable.   At peace.  I might think too much, so sue me.