          “We will not talk about anything that will make you feel uncomfortable,”   but then I ask her, taunt her to hurt me…ask me…push me into a corner and weep. I know what I do is not right, I know my decisions at times are bad and really terrible. I want that feeling, that muck with being who I am to be realized. I want to go in and feel guilty, I want to do whatever it takes….whatever the god damn hell it takes to be sane.  I talk and it feels like this big great dam in me has been unleashed, all the pressure of trying to stay on top…of having to be on top. I talk and talk and talk, I talk till my voice is hoarse and throat is dry, cry out. Then I turn around and realize I haven’t done that at all, I’ve hidden yet again, I’ve continued this act of being strong and have ironically, come out strong.  Stupid, lying bitch.  Psychologist. There’s such an eerie ring to that, the social stigma; mental health benefits.   “I am seeing someone,”  Instantly, you assume it is of a romantic nature, free sex for all and lots of romance. After all, that’s what I do best innit? Play the games, work the circuit, get my entertainment. I make it seem as if we are all pawns in a match, as if it is just a challenge. Hook, line, and sinker.  But I don’t mean that. I mean seeing someone to get help. Get better. Work on things and get through stuff. Icky, icky stuff.   I hate this seeking for help part. I am uncomfortable with admitting it, I am a damn conformist. I too believe that psychologists are for really really bad people, crazy people. People that kill their parents and drown their kids…I’m not one of them am I?  But then again. I am bad, I do bad things, do evil, nasty things to myself, to people, to anyone that comes close. I am bad.   Punish me.   Hurt me.  And when all is over, forgive me.  Is there a god? Am I on my way to meet him? is there some immense, eternal being at the pearly gates…..is there such a thing as the pearly gates?  i….don’t know.   I hate knowledge.  Fuck you Eve, again.     Maybe it’s time to re-prioritize things in life again. What is it to feel love and not feel loved? Hurt. Emptiness. Void. But life continues, right or wrong. Things that weren’t given priority will surface in my life again. Design. Books. Friends. Life. So many things have happened, but none without a good reason. Ah, one of life’s greatest mysteries. To soar high and fall back to the ground and to renew the faith. Afterall, what’s the hurt if not joy?