          “A desire for control and to avoid responsibility for growing up.”   This is an irrational world. This earth, these expectations and these beings are harsh…tormenting. Voices in my head, that sounds so damn psychologically sick but damn voices in my head.  I think I have it all figured out, this game of life we play. Checkmate. You lose, I win, the devil says.  I’ve been feeling shitty the last few nights, the prognosis has been getting better and better but I feel weaker and weaker. I don’t know if I am physically tired because of the illness or if I am depressed, in any case though, I skipped out on auditions last night. I figure, I’ll just pay for the consequences later…  But later is today, when I think about all that’s going right in my life and how damn insecure I feel about it. Scrubbing this harsh muck of dirty grime off and not quite very sure of what lies beneath, wanting to take control but unsure of where I’m suppose to head.   I am coming out and feeling good and being happy but all these emotions and feelings scare the bejesus out of me. It draws back to that question of whether I am enough, and when there is nothing else externally to blame, if I can accept who I am as a person and if that person makes me good or not. Enough or not. Secure or not.   I am so damn fucking irritated with myself. Angry with myself for questioning and being unhappy with myself. It’s a chicken or an egg thing. The more icky I feel, the worst physically I am, and the worst physically I am, the more icky I feel.  Some days I want to go against all that I’ve been fighting for and say, just drug me. Just make me better, just take this shit away. But then it takes away everything and fucks up all the effort and time I have spent going against it. Maybe, sometimes, we all just reach a stage where we learn to question?  Damn Eve for eating the forbidden fruit. Damn Pandora for opening the box. Damn the gods for feelings, and growing up, and salvation.  I realize every time I reach a stage where things are going exceptionally good I fall. Or breakdown. When everyone pats you on the back and says wow, and people around you make you feel so important; you feel the opposite.  Stupid damn thoughts.  Stupid damn questioning.  Stupid damn mind.     "blah. icky mondays."