         I accomplished a lot of things today.  Yet in some sense, I did absolutely nothing for me as a person at all.  I read, and continued reading, even as the pain ripped through my heart, the remnants of it anyway. I don’t know how love went so wrong, or how something that seemed so right and perfect could have been fucked up so bad. And the only answer that remains is that it was all my doing. My bad. My fault. As always, my desire to make things right messed things up further.  I opted for no treatment. I didn’t realize the symptoms would come so fast, so hard. Maybe I’m rethinking my decision, wondering if this is truly right.  I honestly do not know what I want, it feels as if it gets more and more confusing by the day. I am physically so worn out my mind is tired too.  I read, felt. You know how you watch certain movies and feel the protagonist/antagonist pain and understand all that shit that runs through. It felt worst to have understood rather than the guilty pleasure of being secure. Or right.  I watched at how he tore apart me as a person…and question who I was. Who am I anyway? Is everything he says true? I watched how he mocked my relationship, our relationship, how it seemed so easy for him to talk about being raped, getting sick, being left.   As if each nail he picked up only drove straight to the right point. It hurt. I hate that it does, I am strong enough for this damnit. I am okay.  You don’t need him. you don’t want him. you cannot love him anymore. He’s not the one, no one is. You’re not enough.   Maybe some day he’ll find out…and maybe some day he’ll know. understand. Will it be too late then?  Probably.  Why am I here again? Why is he so unreachable…untouchable? I just feel so not there as a person right now, my chest hurts like a damn fuck and my ten pound chicken sits securely on it. It is frustrating because I know it would be easy to fix this immediate problem but I’ve done this alone before…I don’t want to do it again. It’s ironic how he has become my steve. Raped, left, broken, begging again.  I’m tired of begging, of explaining. He didn’t care, he won’t care anymore. So maybe he will always love me, but maybe he just loved the racheal that was never racheal with him. that maybe the only racheal anyone will ever love is the thin, secure, happy, healthy racheal. Maybe she’s the only one that deserves love. I seriously thought I was leaving last week. I went skiing instead, went to go continue dreaming, relax. And I came back so fired up, so ready to go, so complete…but I am a complete absolute mess tonight. Crying and hurting, throwing up more times than I care to remember, feeling so nothing and bad about myself…it’s so wrong.   I know I am a someone. I know I have hope and I’m beautiful and I’m strong. I just wish that he saw that too, that he’d say I see you for who you are and you don’t have to pretend anymore, I accept you.  Funny isn’t it how the one person you want is the one person you can’t have? Is the one person that you should probably stay away from.   It feels as if there is so much riding on me as an image. The person on the outside, nothing bad ever happened when I was pretending. Having problems doesn’t justify cheating on your boyfriend, I perfectly finely understand that…but I’m just fucked up and I don’t know how to fix me anymore. I don’t feel strong enough or good enough for this.  Part of me just wants it all to be over. Take me and be done with it. Throw me into the fiery pierces of hell or whatever, I don’t care. I’m done.  Why the fuck do I have to question that?  Fuck you cancer.    ”and nobody will ever know. i'm good at keeping up appearances, don't you know? just like a clockwork orange.”