         So I’d really like to tell you that I had wild, explicit, back-to-back cosmic orgasm sex last night…but no.   Hehe, instead we went dancing, listened to some bands play, had brilliant conversation, laughed and had a good time. Tadahhh!  And so it’s one down, two more to go…I can’t stop giggling..it’s retarded really. I feel like a million bucks right now, I guess what they say is true; confidence does attract the masses.  Ah well, too bad I’m not one hundred percent interested, or rather i'm in that limbo of just enjoying the company not looking for a relationship stand thing…though it does allow leeway for some fun then eh?  SLUT!!!  :P     friday five  blatantly stolen from   jasmine :    1. Do you wear any jewelry? What kind?  yup…mostly silver or artsy shitty weird things I pick up..i don’t know. it really just depends on the mood and whatever I’m wearing….though I’m also the idiot with purple straps and a hot pink shirt on right now so maybe I should just shut it eh?    2. How often do you wear it?   quite often actually though lately I have been obsessively wearing these gorgeous silver hoop thingamabobs besides the usual hoohaa of rings and bracelets…I like to make noise :P   3. Do you have any piercings? If so, where?  eight piercings..you go figure.   4. Do you have any tattoos? If so, where?  no :( and damn fucking pathetic too! I’d really like a butterfly at the base of my spine but it’s been known to hurt like a bitch plus the current social stigma of every other tom, dick, harry and their mothers having a tattoo. Oh well.   5. What are your plans for the weekend?  I have a date tommorow night…(Whoop! Whoop!) with some guy that I’ve sorta been talking to for the last few months…in fact, come to think about it, he was one of the first people I met but then because I’m such and dork and he’s shy and we never got our shit together…it’s taken us this long. Yes, retarded, I know. but then like I said earlier, it’s funny how it works either that you’re instantly attracted but shy as fuck or it grows on you. So anyway, there’s that, swing dancing tonight, and maybe, if the cast can coordinate their schedules together, a movie on Sunday! Oh, and if you get me drunk enough maybe even some studying.   Right.