         Ah…isn’t it nice to just hang out and fervently discuss your sex life with the ex?  :)  hmm..so I  canceled  rescheduled the appointment with Gayle. Why? I don’t know really… just felt like it  :P   nah…for real though, I seem to have this little problem of taking on too much at one time and this would be a very good example.  In this week, I’ve had to unpack, get settled in again, explain myself, get my ass out of the hot seat, start school again, schedule my classes, get the right books and find the right classes, figure out how things work out and all that good stuff. To sugar coat things in a nice way, I wanted the experience of getting better to be an experience of it’s own rather than a hodge podge mix of everything else and between.    I wrote this quite very poignant and emotional eulogy last night for Brian. In my drunk stupor and rocked out good self, I had captured all these emotions I had inside and somehow I lost that post. I’ve had a few days to sorta think about it now and I know he’s in a better place. Heaven’s gained another angel and maybe he’ll rest in peace now…  The whole saga with getting sick again is still around somewhere. Maybe just not quite as dramatic as it was before this. Once again, something else that I can’t explain…giving it up to fate or god or whatever really. Reality check today was watching the insurance rocket up just a little higher and taking the smug smile off the bitch from hell needle stabbers face.  So school started today…to say it was a good one would be an understatement. It was nice to walk the halls, pass friends by and be stimulated mentally again. I have sixteen credits again this term and maybe with the shadow box production whether it’s set design or actual acting, there’ll be an extra one. I am in no hurry to graduate but it feels good to be productive and moving somewhere. Aiming for something at least.  We arranged it so I only needed to be in school on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays as opposed to being there every damn day for too many damn hours in between like last term. It’s pretty much basically back to back from eight till half past one in the afternoons. And note to my stupid self, it is not a smart idea to go out the night before and have to wake my sorry head pounding ass at six in the morning.  I do have some pretty exceptional lecturers though. Much thanks to the beautiful people that get my back…ahh…it is pretty darn nice to feel special. I have the head of the history department teaching me classical mythology. Professor Hagedorn for comp 2, head of the communications department for survey of mass comm. plus even the same director for college publication. Then there’s mr dean, the director of the musical, for acting 2 and Washington for algebra. My classes are pretty much packed to the brim with people but it’s interesting….:) I am excited and love this feeling of having something to look forward too. Remind me again though when I’m up my ass in homework and reading, five out of my six classes have comprehensive reading and writing…ah…what great fun.  Hmm..it’s strange but I feel loved today. And shit yeah it’s a good feeling.  Bite me!  I love you