            About two weeks ago I met an amazing person.   His name was Brian. He was funny and kind and one of the first things I ever remembered him telling me was to not give up.  See Brian knew my battle, and my fears. Somehow, through emails, I had found someone just like me…quite lost and confused but supported. We talked about how it wasn’t easy, that good wishes only brought you so damn far and that when you were puking your guts out and staring your sorry sick disabled body in the mirror…it only remained so.  That very week, darrell, his twin brother, emailed me…telling me that even if I felt that I was losing to remember all that I said to him when I first posted. I had written this long overdrawn entry on how hypocritical I felt and how hopeless and pointless it all seemed to be back here again. My prayers seemed fervent but yet, reading that and thinking about how someone I did not know at all and someone I hadn’t even met was telling me to press on and not give up, touched me.  A week ago I wrote them saying that I had had enough of this shit. That I was ready to die and give up. I wrote and begged, asking for some merciless soul out there to shoot me, perhaps even kill me. They were posts on a forgotten teenage journal with angst and fury to boot. I was crying out and breaking down.   The last whole week has just been breathtaking. I built again, dreams I had thrown away and found courage, strength and peace. This is seems so awfully cliqued but it’s been one of those weeks where you’re going and going, running and running, and you really have absolutely no shit idea where you’re going or what you are doing and you finally realize all the things you truly want and how badly you will go to get it.  I wrote last night, summary of all that has happened in small, stoic posts. I had chosen to be away from everything, disconnected. Coming in last night I had thirty-seven emails, fifteen messages and a dozen people to talk to. News spread around, the bitch was back in town ready to kick some ass and start again, I had boxes and boxes to unpack and a thousand and six things to do on my list. As always I was too busy, too preoccupied with pointless shit and too caught up with my drama, and my life, and my shit.  I found out today heaven gained another angel on new years. My last words to him was new year, new resolution, new hope. He didn’t make it past midnight of December the thirty-first. I am…I don’t know what I am right now or how I make of it.  Shocked is a good place to begin.  I don’t know how he crashed so fast and so hard.  A week ago we were talking about remission and biopsies. Of going home and the holidays. Merry fucking Christmas right?   Life really is that fucking short.   This is so surreal. I want to scream and shout…maybe even cry. But my feelings aren’t coordinated enough to make sense of everything right now. Fight harder or give up? Is this how you would feel too if I didn’t make it? It’s just unfair right now. How? Why? What? Who? When?  Zplaid1, you will remain in my heart forever.  For the person that fought/pressed on to the end, I wish you peace.  Thank you.   ....sorry you were robbed.