         Ten states.  Eight and a half days.  Two years.  No connection.  One conclusion.  Apparently, Wednesday I go in to see Gayle. I’ve been thinking a lot about it, what I want, who I can be, what I want to be…where I’m going, you know, all that horse bull crap you get with the end of a somewhat indefinable year and the beginning of something else not quite understood yet.  I wondered if this would be the very last time I said this, that I was a better, bigger, stronger, incredible human being. That I was, among everything else, quite possibly beautiful. And some days, I believe it, some days, my head is stuck so far up my ass that I walk the walk and talk the talk. I am gorgeous, and thin, intelligent and charming. I am distractingly amazing and I am absolutely everything you want.   But nobody has, has me. Perhaps even as far as to say, nobody can get me.   It started a little like this, I begin to say, explain everything that has happened in the last seven days. Hell, even trying to put the last twenty four hours into perspective is hard…and you want me to do the whole damn week?  Maybe my little heart told my little brain that it was dying. And maybe my little mind told my little body to just give up. And so I did. I gave up, packed, lost it for a good couple of hours and then came home. Or ‘home’?  Ridiculous.  Stupid.  Insane.  Fuck waste of money.  In the last few days, I have seen mountains and ridges, snow and sunshine, land and air, people and faces. But the best discovery was finding a place in me to lock away and cry. Yes, cry.  Cry because I am nothing like the person I want to be. cry because I keep on letting the ones close to me go, cry because I want them to come back but I know now that I can’t have them do that. cry because I know that despite how dirty, ugly and tainted I get, that I still deserve love. And love is what makes me worth it. Love makes hope. And I have Love.  Skiing and sledding. Climbing and tracking. Driving and horse back riding. And I learnt about trailers honking and blowing soapy liquid bubbles. Rainbows after the rain, snowmen (sometimes women) and angels from heaven.  He asked me where angels came from. I said deep within. And so he ran to mommy and said nana was made in heaven. I rubbed his boo-boos when his three year old uncoordinated knees scraped the ground, and he fell asleep to lullabies that I sang him, wanting to protect him from growing up, from wanting to find out who he was and where his place was in the world.  Scares. Getting knocked up. Breaking up. Running away. Getting sick again. Doing so damn well and so damn horrible at the same time. Pushing, testing, accelerating.  I’ve been running on empty, and empty has been an understatement.  Growing bald in my slowly emaciating body, wheezing, it’s hard to breathe….abuse me further. I dare myself to.   ‘It’ is under control. Monitored. Whatever the fuck that means really…but if it means more time here than hey, that’s good…right?   I promise to take care of myself. To quit smoking. To eat properly. To fight the best I can. To go in when I have to and speak up when I need to….but do you think that’s easy?  And nobody said it was easy. And nobody said I’m not going to come back some night tired, sick and alone. But nobody also said that it was impossible.  Maybe as long as there is still all a hundred and five pounds of Chinese shit mass of me then I might still make it.   Nobody said I couldn’t try.  And nobody should ever make me feel the shitty way I do again.  But the question is, it isn’t them, or him, or they, or her.  It is the being in me that gives up, breaks down and chops me into pieces. It is my doing that I am who I am.   Pray for whatever I want but the work needs to be done right?  Admit that I’m sick. Admit that I’m bulimic. Admit that I have problems. Admit that I can be pretty damn amazing. Admit everything and back, but a year ago I made the same promises, the same resolutions. A year from now…will it all still be the same?  Change doctors, change treatments, change prescriptions. Can I change bodies and minds too?  I don’t know. but I’m alive. And still living. And fight your god damn sorry self he says.   And fight my god damn sorry self I will.  I am beautiful goddamnit;  …fight you little fucker, fight.