         something about certain thursdays that breathe like sundays. the laziness...carefree nothingness that hangs lightly in the air. floating through as if just another breeze...simplicity at it's best.  a fresh pot of coffee made, utensils thrown around, overalls splattered with paint and hard-worked fingers dirty with paints and crayon specks. calligraphy tools and bottles and bottles of ink stacked across the shelves, old tattered t-shirts strewn around as rags used to soak up spills and wipe off clumsiness..broken glasses, pencil shavings, cloth pegs and superglued velvet used to explore different mediums.  camera recharged and solid prints lie scattered on her desk. strips and strips of photo paper cut-out fight for space against the other seven hundred and forty two projects she has lined up. disks with a hundreds of pictures scanned in for her latest endeavor, a personal challenge she's taken up on herself. she must be bored really. or just dumb.  just don't rub it in when she starts tearing her hair out frustrated and whining...  :P  the television hums in the background, more depressing news reports yet she keeps it locked on cnn, as if delibrately reminding her of the 'real world'. real things out of the space she resides in, out of the four corners of her own world. her selfishness and feelings about wants/needs/dreams/hopes falls shallowly among worldly matters.  someone is hungry.  someone is dying.  someone is homeless.  someone is fatherless.  motherless.  soldiers deployed.  terror reigns.  ...another debate on war. another point battled and fought over again. she slips on covers and sheds off layers. intellect battles, points that have to be made...some sort of agreement to be on the same page and yet his intelligence has only charted up more points.   she wonders what this means.  her heart rather skelteredly opens. tests waters.  she knows she enjoyed her. him. she enjoyed the craving sufficed. being held. loved. she enjoyed being close to someone again, physically satisfied, mentally complete, sexually recharged. she'd begun to think her libido had went into the non-existent, nothing attracted her and she had shut off contact, emotions and intimacy completely.  one by one she shot them down. never opening up. never giving in to the possibility...yet she realizes what a vast mistake that was. could she have slipped that person by? the one that would complete her and make her happy forever?  now as she realizes how amazing it feels to be needed. be loved. be close to someone. feels. she wonders..  nothing will shut up the voices but she's not too sure if she wants to shut them up anymore. the extra pounds in the mirror she sees? she (learns to) love them now.  a part of her.  so she'll be fat and loud and bitchy and opinionated and talk up and through her ass.  ...big fucking deal.  so what?  :)  hah.  ....renewed.      "muse has a date....of the bubble gum kind."    heh.   :)