         so i wouldn't exactly say that i was 'arbitally forced' into writing this post..  though 'coerced' might not be too bad a word at all...:P     "Girl, you wear that outfit again, and we're gonna have to sell tickets just to walk down the hall behind you. There was more "backfield in motion" going on there than the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.  So, who is it?  DETAILS, girlfriend, DETAILS...  And I don't want any of that eye-rolling, tongue-clicking, breathy-sighing bullshit either.  Shut up, sit down, and let's talk.  What's his/her name?  (I love the idea that I can't even guess the gender with you, these days...Oh, yeah, you can fake this exclusive lesbian thing with the less-attentive, but I notice, sweetheart. I notice. Your front door is swinging both ways these days...I can tell.)  So out with it.  Those of us whose sexuality isn't threatened by you exploring yours want to know."    see...now how can anyone resist such shameless ass kissing and not revel in it?  :P  i did recieve a couple of interesting emails with regards to that silly post i put up this morning.  and just for the record, no, i've yet to sign the deal with showtime just in case you were wondering...but at the rate the spamming hits my mailbox, and should i decide to 'enlarge my breasts the safe and easy way' and lose all senses, you'll be the first to know.  :P  hm...i also reconsidered putting up the rant and good stuff people had to say because i figured why rub salt on the wound eh?  lol, too much typing anyway. and hell, i want to talk about  *me* !  it's about a quarter to three on thursday and i'm already into the next day. it's been one of those silly crazy retarded days. grins plastered and silly giggles to no one and everyone..it's nice. :)  went to go bug ryan at work then caught the three-dollar movie (complete with nachos, chips/fries/potato-things with about fifty gallons of ketchup and jalapenos that i swear are fighting against the butterflies in my tummy!) after church. yes, she went to church, again too at that! hehe, i even agreed to agonize our choir director with my majorly transposed version of 'requiem aeternam'. good shit i tell ya..  and ryan.  damn.  no, i mean dah-yum.  :)  in another realm completely though..the head doctor and i had a pleasant chat today. i actually feel good and strong. laughing and making jokes and taking cheap pisses at her lousy green sofas and lack of comfortable pastel colors in the room. brought in my paper journal and read out some recent entries...it's quite eye-opening what self-realization does to you. :P well, at least she's taken me off the treatment center list...baker acts are damned piss scary.  to be quite honest, i'm actually feeling rather mentally sane. it's strange, do you think it takes acceptance to reach this tranquility? or a busy schedule, bizarre budgetting techniques, scrabble games, and silly kooky loving friends to do that? i don't know...but whatever it was, it apparently worked!  yay for mental health care.  :P  hm..i have to go in and settle out the transition/moving documents with the university tomorrow and start looking for a place + all that good bullshit. i can't wait for my mom to come!  i don't even care about the hospitals or sticks and needles anymore. i just miss her...i miss having a mom around. or a dad too. and i figure it would be so nice to just sit and talk over a warm soothing cup of tea even if it rains outside but to feel the sunshine from within. i've really learned/matured a lot in these last six months about life and my crazy silly self but moving so far away will do that i suppose.  some part of me is afraid of losing a part of me that's slowly being left behind but i know i'll be alright...and things are genuinely okay. love is always such a beautiful feeling and love heals.   it's funny how it takes loving you through the rain to realize how capable or worth of love you are. i am.  and i am.  stronger, slightly older, slightly wiser but nonetheless, better.  :)  it's been a good day...  two points!