         i met someone tonight....by pure coincidence though i must say, it was quite nice.  i think i'm a little flushed. flabbergasted even.  it's that nervous shiver you get after a long kiss on the second date...that anticipation that sorta rumbles in your tummy as you try and keep yourself from squealing or giggling out loud. the excitement as you catch yourself smiling to no one from no where and just because.  it's a good feeling really.  if only it didn't involve conscious thoughts and primitive actions. if only it didn't involve a heart, a set of limbs and a mind multiplied by two.  i wish. i wish. i wish.  i should go to bed, perhaps not think this to death.  yeah fucking right.  and he respects me too.  good fucking god, what is this world coming to?  so i've waited for the beautiful ribbon stringed bow package to arrive..and apparently it has. i feel as if i should kick and throw it around to just make sure it's not going to explode on me then implore all it's horrid contents on to my now cleaned a step before faded jimmy choos.  we talk about bubblegum lesbians and he strips me off my sexuality. i explain how i enjoyed the brief fling exploring her body two days ago but it was extremely different. nice soft different but still nonetheless, different. and i crave for this closeness, this new found freedom. intimacy.   i tear my insecurities to pieces and laugh along with him as he rehashes anecdotes to politically correctly address his ex. i don't know why but there is a distinct feeling that i would have been more comfortable with this conversation had she had blonde hair, blue eyes and big huge boobs. no, instead she was japanese...and already my sirens are blaring. albeit young and perky, cute sexy thing la di da...i know this drill very damn hard.  i joke around and mask myself while unlayering so fucking well it's almost as if an undefined talent. he talks about writing and the people inside...and i shrug and just say, well shit happens. some part testing waters to see how much shitforbrains still means to me and i cower a little, attempting to rectify the mistake of letting him bring it up and want to just smile it off instead. forget the hurt that idiot has ever caused me because hell knows, i've did my fair share too. so i focus again on our conversation and smile a little, giggle even, as he rather noticingly stares in awe.  i skip, dance, twirl around. choke the butterflies in my tummy to death then grin again.  oh fuck me now.