         Maybe this is a good place to address the whole "BookBitch" thing.  A lot of people think "bitch" has a really negative connotation, and maybe it does.  This is from Merriam-Webster's, the dictionary of choice on the Internet:  Main Entry: [1]bitch Pronunciation: 'bich Function: noun Etymology: Middle English bicche, from Old English bicce Date: before 12th century 1 : the female of the dog or some other carnivorous mammals  2 a : a lewd or immoral woman b : a malicious, spiteful, or domineering woman — sometimes used as a generalized term of abuse  3 : something that is highly objectionable or unpleasant  4 : Complaint  Yikes!  I don't think I'm any of those things and I sincerely hope that those that know me would agree.  I chose the name "BookBitch" for a couple of reasons, but mainly because it is memorable.  And maybe, subconsciously, I am trying to re-define it.  I recently added the lyrics to the song "Bitch" by Meredith Brooks to the Poetry page of the site. If I could have a theme song that wouldn't slow the website down to a crawl, "Bitch" would be it.    The following was sent to me by a friend.  It was written by that infamous Internet author, Anonymous.  If anyone knows the author, please let me know so I may give her the appropriate credit, and say thank you.  I'd like to share it in hopes of casting a more positive light on this BookBitch.  I'M A BITCH, ARE YOU?  When I stand up for myself and my beliefs, they call me a bitch. When I stand up for those I love, they call me a bitch. When I speak my mind, think my own thoughts, or do things my own way, they call me a bitch.  Being a bitch entails raising my children to be strong people who have a solid sense of personal and social responsibility, who are not afraid to stand up for what they believe in and who love and respect themselves for the beautiful beings they are. Being a bitch means that I am free to be the wonderful creature that I am, with all my own intricacies, contradictions, quirks and beauty.  Being a bitch means I won't compromise what's in my heart. It means I live my life MY way. It means I won't allow anyone to step on me. When I refuse to tolerate injustice and speak up against it, I am defined as a bitch.  The same thing happens when I take time for myself instead of being everyone's maid, or when I act a little selfish.  I am proud to be a bitch!  It means I have the courage and strength to allow myself to be who I truly am and won't become anyone else's idea of what they think I "should" be. I am outspoken, opinionated, and determined. By God, I want what I want, and there is nothing wrong with that!  So try to stomp on me, try to douse my inner flame, try to squash every ounce of beauty I hold within me. You won't succeed. And if that makes me a bitch, so be it. I embrace the title and am proud to bear it.