         From Publishers Weekly Daily Online 09.25.02  Kiriyama Prize Finalists: Fostering Pacific Rim Understanding  Finalists for the 2001 Kiriyama Prize, which honors titles that "encourage greater understanding among the peoples and nations of the Pacific Rim," have been announced. The two winners, who will be revealed October 29, will receive $15,000 each.  The fiction finalists (with the prize committee's notations):  Red Poppies by Alai, translated by Howard Goldblatt and Sylvia Li-chun Lin (Houghton Mifflin). This witty first novel by an ethnic Tibetan living in Sichuan, China, is a complex political parable. Like the "idiot" son who is the novel's narrator and unlikely hero, Alai's story echoes a legendary Tibetan wise man who "preferred wisdom masked by stupidity."  Melal: A Novel of the Pacific by Robert Barclay (The University of Hawai'i Press). This debut novel by a doctoral student is a gripping story and powerful social commentary. Set in a marginalized indigenous community in the Marshall Islands, which the U.S. military used as a nuclear testing ground, Barclay traces the horrific and tragic results suffered by native islanders. The author is a former resident of Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands.  Family Matters by Rohinton Mistry (Knopf). In this beautifully paced and elegantly crafted novel, the acclaimed Indian-Canadian author tells a story of familial love and obligation, political and personal corruption, and religious complexity. In focusing on a Parsi family living in Bombay, Mistry illustrates the universal in the particular. Mistry was born in Bombay and immigrated to Canada in 1975.  The Girl From the Coast by Pramoedya Ananta Toer, translated by Willem Samuels (Hyperion East). Widely considered Indonesia's greatest living novelist, Ananta Toer's words were so feared by the Indonesian government that he was held as a political prisoner for over 17 years. This translation marks the first time The Girl From the Coast--the story of a poor village girl who is forced into a loveless marriage with a wealthy politician in late 19th century Java--has been available in English.  Dirt Music by Tim Winton (Scribner). A lucid portrayal of three very different characters as they journey to the Australian wilderness to escape and atone for their pasts. In his seventh novel, Winton, one of Australia's preeminent writers, has created a vivid and powerful evocation of climate and landscape, along with a garrulous chorus of supporting characters.