starting home     Today was the last/first day here at Bridge House. Kelly and I spent her last night sitting in the family room and drinking wine until the wee hours…just like we always have, and I expect that part will never change...it’s just that one of us will be going  home  instead of staying there.     The move has been one of the easiest and best-organized I’ve ever had the pleasure of participating in…and anyone who knows me the least little bit knows how I loathe moving other people. But, this was very different. I never once felt obligated to help…I needed to help. I needed to be able to help close up shop and reorganize as a way of figuring out my own next step. See, while Kelly moved into her new house and had to arrange her new setting…so did I.     I came home today after she was all moved (minus a few bits and pieces still scattered here) and began cleaning and rearranging things in a new way…keeping some things quite the same. But, it felt like moving into a new house altogether. Finally, the five days of upheaval had come to an end, and the dust was settling…figuratively and literally.     There were gorgeous hardwood floors to clean with buckets full of Murphy’s…there were dishes to be washed and laundry to be done…and one disastrous room to be tidied. There was the plotting and arranging of how things would be from now on…finally realizing there was a true line of demarcation:  then  and  now/future . Everything from this point forward would be post-Kelly…a concept I haven’t really managed to get my arms around yet.  Kelly is my best friend. She is the person who knows me better than anyone else at this point in my life, and I have to acknowledge how scary it is to be without her here, at arm’s length. She has been my confidant and friend, my therapist and my family. She has been my sense of reason and humility, dignity and grace. She has been my constant support and my loudest cheerleader. She is as entertaining as she is beautiful…and she is as gorgeous on the inside as she is on the outside. She is my sister, and one of the greatest loves of my life. And, I suspect, as many people have, that we will find new paths and new people to color our lives, as we have given each other room to do so.     Bridge House was our adventure together...thank you, Kelly, for an incredible journey…   With love,   Todd