         Neck: Fine.  Hair: Still wet, in a top knot.  Height, weight: No idea, presumably about the same.  Pages of Brown read: Don't know.  Completed chapter was reading yesterday. Pages of Nussbaum re-read: 52.  Entire chapter entitled "Beyond obsession and discuss" which is about Epicurean/Lucretian views on love, sex and marriage.  Ideas formed: A couple.  Nussbaum says that Lucretius fails to ask some questions at the end of the chapter.  I don't think that he fails to ask them because his theory means that they aren't necessary.  Kind of in the same way that we don't accuse Christians of failing to ask if Jesus was a good guy.   Semester 2, Week 2, Day 3.   Sigh, the universe was with me, right up until I tried to leave the house.  I knew it was raining.  I discovered that both of my umbrellas were in the car.  So I got in the car.  Once in the car it was very hard to get back out and walk to uni.  So I decided to drive to Dave's instead.  If I had had change, I would have driven and paid for parking.  Then I drove to Dave's.  When I got here I discovered that I had about a foot of my coat handing out of the car.  It was satched and dirty.  Then I got out, with an umbrella, and dropped my carpet bag (which is not water proof, nor made of carpet, but out of couch covering, but whoever heard of a couch bag?) on the wet road.  I don't think anything inside got wet though.  Bad news on the car front.  When Mum and I were in Adelaide, we bought some milk.  Anyway, we took it (and some cheese and the other left over food) in the car back with us to Melbourne.  I said to Mum when I dropped her off, "Have you got the milk and cheese?"  She said that she did.  I noticed this really odd smell in my car yesterday and on further inspection (under the drivers seat) was the milk.  Gross.  Glad it was in a bottle.  It has only leaked a little but it is incredibly rank.  Car still smells, suspect will have to wash it (again (washed previously after the "apple juice incident")).  The worst thing is, I feel really guilty about it.  Read in Dolly or Cleo or something years ago about revenge on nasty-evil-ex-boyfriends.  One of the suggestions was to place a carton of milk under the car seat.  I only feel guilty about it because that's the only revenge I can remember.  Stayed up late watching stinky  Buffy .  Ooh, boo hoo, they won't let her slay.  (Paraphrase of Romy and Michelle watching  Pretty Woman ).  Maybe it's just me, but it seems that more and more television is based on the fact that the audience is supposed to hate all of the characters.  Does this make us feel better about ourselves (watching people we hate stuff up their lives).  I sure hope Big Brother has some function.  It's only about the middle of the day, so I still have the entire afternoon to do stuff and have things happen to me.  Plans for this afternoon include:  Waiting until parking is free at uni and going to library and campus centre. Pick up a style guide for Bibliographies from Phil Dept. Compiling a bibliography (rough form) and begin to annotate (putting in comments about potential use of/summary of reading.)  Invention for the day: Something similar to the Coke Bubble in the 70s ads that allows walking to uni without getting wet in rain.