         Neck:  Bit better this morning.  After panadol and hot shower was quite tollerable.  Have not made appointment with physio.  Hair: Various.  Tied it back in a low pony tail which meant that the front bits (most of what's on top) kept escaping (especially at windy Monash).  Played a lot with said front bits.  Have now retied and combed hair to prevent mass recalcitrancy.  Pages of Nussbaum re-read: about 5.  Pages of Brown ( Lucretius on Love and Sex ) read: Lots and lots.  Quite proud.  Pages of Kant ( Critique of Judgement ) read: 8 (Sections 1-6 for Monday's class).  Understanding level, probably about 7/10.  Not bad for Kant.  Pages of The Cradle Argument (author forgotten, starts with B) read: About 8, until I discovered I was missing two.  Felt really embarrassed as knew I had returned the article to Dirk just beforehand.  Went up to see Dirk, discovered reason was missing pages is that Dirk was missing pages.  (Library's copy has gone missing).  Dirk is borrowing book from Melbourne.  (Cradle Argument is that children in the cradle can be seen as accurately reflecting what is human nature, or natural, before we get all corrupted by society - contrast this with Aristotle/Plato who think that only the educated philosopher is in a position to rise above our vices and see what is natural.)  Number of times I went up to the 9th floor of the Ming Wing: 5.  Once to get a book that wasn't there, once to return Dirk's article, once to borrow book off poor sick aesthetics teacher, once to return book, once to tell Dirk pages 122 and 123 of article are missing.  Number of morons in blue cars that do u-turns in front of me and make me doubt the Epicurean axiom that "death is nothing to us": Just one.   Semester 2, Week 1, Day 2.   Forgot to add list of thing to do in my diary and therefore didn't complete one of my tasks.  Damn.  Will collect CD from info desk tomorrow, if remember.  Some things change, some stay the same.  Changed: the library - everything is on the web.  Changed: the name of the "union building" -> "campus centre". Changed: the position of the pedestrian lights on Wellington Road.  Exactly the same: the horrid sausage smell in the "campus centre".  Exactly the same: the number of functional escalators up to the 9th floor of the Ming Wing.*  No classes today.  Went to the library and saw if my application for a private study coral was accepted.  Lo, it was.  Spent a few hours in a tiny room with a very dusty desk in the library reading (my semester's study coral).  It's good, there are no destractions and it's very private.  It contains a locker (so I can dump books in there, once I've borrowed them) two desks and a power point.  I guess I could put my laptop in there if I wanted to.  I can't see myself doing that because it is necessary to have food, sunshine and a chair that rotates to write a philosophy essay (in the same way that I found it necessary to have Skittles while writing C programs during summer semester).  The chair is particularly important because I like to spin while thinking.  Still thinking about my topic a lot (Dave's chair doesn't rotate, so I'm not thinking about it right now).  I have got a number of ideas, but they are fairly parellel and everytime I get an idea from something I've read, it seems to be in the next paragraph.  Not fair.  At least it might mean that I am understanding what I am reading.  One hopes.  I haven't quite gotten up to doing 8 hours of study a day, but as it's only day 2 I'm not worried.  I don't want my brain to pop by giving it too much all at once.  Today I got up before 8:00!!  I have to write an Annotated Bibliography for a hurdle assignment for my thesis.  The purpose of this assignment is to learn how to use the various library tools and think seriously (i.e. make a commitment to) an area of study.  Sigh, not due for another two weeks minus one day (Monday of week 3).  I haven't made much of a start yet, but I will tomorrow because I want to have something intelligent to say when I meet Dirk on Thursday.  Checked out the email that Dirk sent me yesterday from the search engine, people have really plowed into Nussbaum.  I almost feel sorry for her, but it would be based on a mistaken belief.  I'm sure.  * Number of Functional Escalators can be described as inversely proportional  ([1/m] * w * p * b )  m = number of minutes to the nearest o'clock (they break down when everyone wants to use them between classes) w = weeks into semester (they get worse towards exams) p = number of people on the escalators (chatty girls in platforms who don't walk down the escalators when they are moving count for 2) b = busy variable, contingent on such factors as hunger, meeting someone, catching a bus, having another class next or determination to beat your class mates to the reserve section in the library to be the first to photocopy that paper your lecturer just mentioned.  Invention for the day: Lifts that can tell if you want to go to the 7th floor or above or are disabled and will give you priority otherwise suggest in a nice voice that you take the disfunctional escalators.