         So much has happened - I shall summarize.  Jacques Reymonds was excellent, excellent, excellent!!!!  Food great, wine great.  I recommend it with all of my thumbs (as long as you have a spare $200.  I didn't and now I don't.  Which reminds me, should actually pay David back.  Big thanks to Mr Reymonds, the cute waiter and Bowie, Katie and G for a tanfastic evening).  Rest of weekend is a bit of a blur, it involved menial tasks (like picking up dry cleaning and buying groceries) with a whirl wind of alcohol and a slump of tv.   Semester 2, Week 1, Day 1.   My first day of school!  (Forgot play lunch).  Well, in the absence of a time table, I turned up and found Toby (Honours Co-ordinator) and got information from him.  It's all good, didn't miss anything.  I have classes on Mondays and Thursdays.  I also have some kind of "honours meeting" on Mondays and meeting with my (now official) supervisor on Thursdays, Dirk.  Organised to have excellent Honours Library Privledges put in place, went to classes, had lunch at Wholefoods with other lovely philosophy students.  They have all developed this haunted look and this odd twitch whenever the T word is mentioned.  I met a PhD student who I did first year Ancient Greek with today.  He has passed through the haunted stage to the insane laughter "Sure, my thesis was due six months ago, but that's okay" stage.  Scary.  I met with Dirk and paniced at him briefly in the "I like casually talked to you before I was accepted into honours and stuff, so are you my supervisor or what?" sense.  I told him about how I'd been reading Nussbaum and some of my ideas.  He showed me the Philosophy search engine for articles and book reviews in journals.  It's so cool, you can email it to yourself.  (Back before when I was in third year (four-five years ago) you had to write the references down and then discover that the library didn't have the journals that the stuff was in.  Very disheartening.)  So he emailed me some stuff.  I now have three emails in my Monash account.  (Yippy... not!)    I met an honours student who is doing something on Aristotle (with Dirk) and another one working with Epicurus (with Dirk).  No one is doing anything on Lucretius (who is not a mere disciple of Epicurus, though not as much as Aristotle is not a mere disciple of Plato.)  Lucretius forms some of his own stuff.  Apparently there's a bit of a theory going around at the moment (by AA Long or D Sedley, can't remember) that Lucretius only had access to Epicurus's work "On Nature".  Saw this in a Glossary of a book on Hellenistic Philosophy.  I will not name the book because it's too nasty, but it's cover is grey.  (They sort book by color, you know?)   Plato:  Student of Socrates.  Socrates:  Teacher of Plato.  Giggle.  Like that's informative.  I was suprised at how fast today went.  There was a bit when I was sitting in the seminar on "what is beauty" thinking it would never end, but the feeling passed quickly.  I am not sure what beauty is, but it seems to have very similar problems to meta-ethics.  (Subjectivity vs Objectivity and various accounts).  I wonder if aesthetics is actually meta-beauty.   I thought "meta" meant "with", but it seems to mean "after".  I think this may have something to do with the genative/dative case.  (Don't ask.)  I have been wearing my hair up to stop myself from twiddling with it, (like a twiddle bug) but I think it places pressure on my neck muscles.  By the end of today, my neck was so sore my brain hurt a lot and I had this throbbing in my eyebrow.  I have problems with my neck and shoulders (and back in general, really).  My neck muscles lock up and I get terrible headaches (sometimes they are so bad, I get really dizzy and want to throw up.)  This isn't good.  I think I shall have to put "go to physio" on my list.  (BTW, this is why I am not currently at aerobics.)  Maybe if I put my hair up, but not in a single pony tail, that wouldn't hurt.  I have decided to go against the tradition of my previous five years of uni and use my diary to keep track of what I should do.  (Once I used my diary as scrap paper to debug a red-black tree, but mostly I didn't use them).  I am beginning to see the point of lists that are written down, rather that purely mental.  It's not that I don't remember what's on them, it's the psychological satisfaction of crossing things off combined with some kind of feeling of accountability.  Maybe it's a hang over from work.  Invention for the day:  Pens that are attracted to the gravitational pull of my fingers in my bag.