         David's internet isn''t working today, so once again this blog is being written from Mel, Ben and Sascha's.  And a big thanks and Hi to them all.   Semester 2, Week 2, Day 3.   Today I got up about 8:45.  Hannah and I went into uni together and I parked at the Blackburn Rd car park.  Took the shuttle bus into uni.  I have never taken the shuttle bus before so this was a new experience for me.  It is still raining and the bus was crowded.  The driver was a popular guy today.  Spent most of today in the library.  Read this article on Lucretius by Kenney, (called  Lucretius ) which was about Lucretius and his context, poetry and stuff.  It was quite interesting, but not terribly philosophical.  I am trying to focus more on the philosophy of Lucretius than Epicurean doctrine or Lucretian use of hexameter.  (Woo hoo)  Also found Bailey's famous commentary on Lucretius text.  He goes through the tricky bits in Latin and commets on Lucretian intent.  However, as (I think) Nussbaum points out, he doesn't give the section on love and sex much attention.  But that's okay, more for the rest of us.  Borrowed a book on Latin.  It is by the same person who wrote the Ancient Greek one I used in first year.  Re-read one of the chapters from Annas today, after photocopying it.  I got a lot more out of reading it a second time round, I could underline the text and write bits.  I have even drawn up a matrix with beliefs/desires categorised with Natural vs Empty and Necessary vs Non-Necessary desires.  Then I have asked in big letters, "Where does Lobster go?".  It makes sense for me, anyway.  It was good - I feel much better about what's going on now.  Went back to corner and discussed the use of the definate article with our resident lingust, Olav.  (For aliens, (or non-grammarists) the definite article in English is "the" (as opposed to the indefinate article "a") and in other languages is things like "el" "los" "das" etc.  Latin doesn't have one.)  Then went home, had toasted sandwhiches, found out which episode of the Simpsons was on (Lisa needs braces, dental plan) and went to Dave's to find out the net wasn't working.  So, that was my day.  Classes tomorrow and meeting with supervisor.  David so kindly printed out my bibliography, so I will have something to show Dirk when I meet with him.  Invention for the day: Pocket size devise that allows the zapping of students to the other side of campus if they are on the computer you want to use and only bumming on the net and not doing any real work.... or even if they are.