         Haha, thought I wasn't going to have a chance to blog today, but I am at Mel, Ben and Sascha's (waiting for stinky  Buffy ) and they have the net!   Semester 2, Week 2, Day 2   Today I slept in until 10:00.  It was glorious.  Then I read an article on metaphysics and whether or not quantifiers or variables make up ontological commitment (don't ask me, I don't know what it means).  After that I pottered around and did things like put out rubish, dishes, clean bathroom.  Cleaning bathroom involved removing a disgusting 15cm long hair ball from the shower.  Ew.  As my hair gets longer, I seem to lose more and more of it.  Not fair.  I am only growing it because Dave and Jeanie says it looks good, plus growing is cheaper than cutting.  Then what - ah yes, Grocery Shopping.  Went to the Safeway in Springvale after I cracked the sads last time I was at Coles.  Coles intermittently sell a product that I require weekly and always stack crappy alternatives.  So I will go to Safeway from  now on -  until they annoy me too.  Read a fair bit of  The Morality of Happiness  by Julia Annas - but only the bits on Epicurus.  Most Hellenistic schools of philosophy have this thing that Happiness (in some form or another) is the ultimate ends of life (the meaning, goal, purpose etc).  This book explores Stoicism, Skeptics, Cynics (Classical Greek for 'dog' - as 'dog' is synonomous for a creature without shame), Aristotle and Plato (a bit).  Plato wasn't really into happiness the way that the other guys are.  Epicurus is after  ataraxia   - which, best I can fathom, is really a life 'without trouble' (untroubled).  Some people translate this as 'tranquility' - but apparently that has negative conotations in English, implies inactivity or something I guess.  Bummed around at home watching Simpsons and stuff.  Waited as late as possible to see all of the wedding on Neighbours (my secret shame, which I am really proud of).  Dee and Toady got married.  On the way to singing, found out on Nova that they went over a cliff.  Not surprised because apparently the chick who plays Dee is leaving anyway.  Toady needs more torture in his life at this point anyway....  Then went to singing.  Which was good.  We are getting ready for a concert in September.  Not all the sopranos turned up, so we couldn't change a light bulb.  (How many sopranos does it take to change a light bulb?  Four.  One to change it, one to kick the chair out from underneath her, one to say "I could have done it better" and one to say, "See?  I told you she couldn't get that high!")  Invention for the day: blankets that work off the coldness of your feet to make them warm.  It was 12 today and it will be 12 tomorrow too.  So windy....