         Weekend:  Friday night, went to Dave's parents place for dinner, was good.  Stayed up watching Rage and talking to Hannah and David.  Saturday, slept in and went to SCA dance practice.  Then back to Jeanie's for a cuppa tea and ironing and getting ready into garb.  Took an hour and a half to get ready, including ironing, finding garb and lacing in Jeanie.  Went to Ball for a few hours, was stuffed, went to Dave's house warming in garb, got changed, was still stuffed.  Drove Jeanie home and slept.  Sunday, didn't leave the house.  Read some metaphysics articles and then read a lot of Georgette Heyer.....  Brilliant!   Semester 2, Week 2, Day 1   Classes on Aesthetics today.  Starting to get into it, though initially it looked tedious.  Who really cares about what beauty is anyway.  Our poor seminar guy, he has been ill and he has just written a book on what beauty is.  He isn't happy with it....  so I don't think anyone really cares.  No afternoon class, no plan on finishing bibliography.  I was going to buy Kant's book,  Critique of Judgement .  I saw it in the bookshop and thought I should get it (there is only one copy at Monash).  But then I discovered it was $56.00!!!  Like, it's only a little book and I can't see myself using it that much.  Might see if I can borrow it through another library.  At this point I hope the text book industry dies - then maybe students could spend their money on better things.  I would even be happy to pay money every time I borrowed a book from the library and that went to the author or something.  But $56 for a little book that was written in 1790 and has no pictures I'm going to use for three weeks sucks!    It's damn windy today.  Dave's computer would be better if the space bar worked consistently.  (That's an example of a counter factual!)  I am currently listening to Michael Jackson's  Smooth Criminal .  I have no memory of hearing it before Alien Ant Farm did a cover (with the exception of my little brother singing "Eddie are you okay?" in the bathroom about 15 years ago).  Weird 80s keyboard vs boring bass guitar.  Need I say more?    Car smells less like sour milk.  Yay!  Invention for the day:  Photocopiers that can actually figure out which way round you stuck the book into the thing and therefore photocopy both pages and not half of one.