         Tranmission resumes to you today from Dave's place.  Apparently they had to spend an entire hour making the net work.  I don't know, these whacky people who work and are singularly incapable of finding an hour during the week to fix the net so I can use it.  They're only ripping themselves off, what, with their unlimited downloading I could have down loaded lots of illeagle stuff this week, but now, they'll never have as good value for money as they could have had.  But enough about that.  I think I am coming down with the cold that everyone else got last week.  Once again I am slow to get it.  My throat hurts, sniffle.  Today I started on the synopses. I have written about 1300 words.  Mostly about Soble's love papers and Annas's Rethinking what is Natural paper (in her  The Morality of Happiness  book).  Funnily enough, discovered on summarising their arguments that I didn't know what their arguments were.  Dave's keyboard is sticky.  Today I saw him for the first time since Tuesday (where I saw him come in, grab his stuff and leave.)  Must be love.  Also watched Collingwood get slaughtered by Brisbane.  Sigh.  The worst bit is that we've got Adelaide, Sydney and Essendon to go (in case you are aliens, or Jeanie, I will explain.  Collingwood is the team I like to see win for no rational reason.  Other people like to see other teams win for no better reasons.  Adelaide, Sydney and Essendon are playing quite well, so they might win instead of the team I want to win, Collingwood.  That is bad.  Not in the objective sense, in the subjective sense.  Some people mistakenly think that it's objective, but they are wrong.  Otherwise how do they explain that only about 1/16th of the population (assuming even distribution of fans) is right?  I know, they're unenlightened, really Collingwood is the best team for lots of rational reasons.)  Invention for the day:  Infallible referees.  Not that I'm complaining, but think of the applications!!  Not just with sport, but arguments with your boss, boyfriend, parents or children.  The only problem is you couldn't take them into philosophy seminars, circuit meltdown, you know?