         This post is brought to you via the kind heatedness of Mel, Sascha and Ben's internet connection.  May it always be near the start of the month (their net gets real slow after their quota for the month runs out).  I am actually blogging on a Thursday!  This hasn't happened since semester started.  (I am less annoyed with my hair since I have proved (empirically) that it is getting longer.  This was done by a while ago I took my hair at the top back point (the bit where it stops being the top of your head and starts being the back, you know, where most parts end) and noted that it came down to the little point at the back of my neck where the hair stops growing out of and now it goes beyond that point.  Yay.)   Semester 2, Week 3, Day 4.   Last night I went to bed early (because I was tired and there was no good tv) so this  morning I woke up at 5:30am.  I had these weird dreams about these two girls in a Roman Polanski Slasher B grade movie.  At one point, this girl slices the other one with her big sword thing (possibly directly out of Tuesday's  Buffy ) and so the one who is down attempts to cut her own head off with her own sword.  I thought this was gross and tasteless, so I decided to "switch channels" as I was watching tv.  Anyway, so I switch channels, but the grinding, sawing noise from the tv continues.  Gross as.  It was then that I decided to wake up.  Was awake for about an hour before I slept in until about 8:30.  Bliss.  Metaphysics class today.  We talked about David Lewis's 'possible worlds'.  He thinks that possible worlds are of the exact same nature as our world and that the only thing different about this world is that we live in it.  (He is a concretist (as opposed to someone who thinks that possible worlds exist as sets of sentences or something else ).  Only something like philosophy needs to terms like 'concrete' as we have destroyed words like 'real', 'exist' and 'actual'.  For Lewis, 'actual' is indexical and refers to the world that the speaker is in (like 'I' refers to me, i.e. the person speaking.))  Then was going to be all virtuous and do some reading, but my brain protested, so I went home, had a cuppa tea, tinkered around on the piano (I played "Two out of three ain't bad") and decided to come here.    The lady at number six (I live in some units) (who waters the garden for us) said that the lady at number one (who I've not met) was robbed yesterday.  This is not good.  I always thought that the lady at number six (and five) were around so often that our place was pretty safe.  But this might still be true, as it's a long and lonesome drive way to walk a VCR along.  But number one has its own drive and there are less people around.  Invention for the day: Security door that works like a garage door or car door with a remote control so when you are carrying eight bags of groceries, the mail and an umbrella you can still get into the house without putting anything down to get the keys out of your pocket and somehow lift four bags of shopping to the door knob, insert the key, wiggle it and make it into the house.