         Once again I come to you, live via the internet from the Arts Basement.  I was mentally composing things I wanted to say while I was getting ready to come here, I would have made a list, but I was in the shower at the time.   Semester 2, Week 3, Day 2.   Spent all day reading.  Re-read the Cradle Argument now that I have the key missing page. Read Fiona's paper that I got on Friday. Read the lecture notes on Kant for Aesthetics. Read next weeks Metaphysics paper (had to start from scratch after I fell asleep trying to read it on Sunday) Read about 50 pages of Diskin Clay's  Lucretius and Epicurus  - it is really good.  It talks about the relationship between the dead Greek guy who died two hundres years before the dead Roman guy and how you can prove the relationship and how Lucretius isn't an inconsistent whinger who just talks bollicks.  Then went to singing, (for the benefit of Melinda, Kellie, Hannah and Jeanie who did not grace us with their presents we sang Resonet, Love Changes Everything, Pastime, Sounds of Silence and Throw your Arms), came home, ate left over cake from Saturday's 50s party, watched Buffy (laughed at the crappy crappy interaction between Buff and Angel) and went to bed.   Semester 2, Week 3, Day 3.   Read about 120 pages of Diskin Clay's  Lucretius and Epicurus   Probably got another half a day of reading to go.  That's the advantage of books that have lots of appendices, indices and notes (and stuff in Greek).  Went shopping for groceries at Safeway* in Springvale again.  Had to put $1 in to get a trolley, had difficulty returning trolley as most of the trolleys in the trolley bay had the little key thing broken off the chain.  Overspent.  Not too worried as I bought things that will last several weeks, but are expensive (like shampoo, conditioner and stuff)  Decided that I really hate books where the notes are at the end, instead of at the bottom of the page (footnotes).  It really breaks up what you're reading.  Plus, with some books they are heavy and you can't just leave a finger in there all the time and flip back and forth easily.  What annoys me about footnotes is when the notes continue onto the next page.  What's the deal with that?  Why not just have less text and more note???  Now I've come into uni to blog.   Saw Sascha, Hannah, Olav and various young people I don't remember.  Gonna give Hannah a lift to her car seeing I parked cloes (as it's after 4:00).   Other things I wanted to mention.   *Dear Coles Myer,  I was once a loyal shopper to the Coles Myer chain.  I believed in Bi-Lo products, I would shop at Coles for the items you couldn't get at Bi-Lo, I would tell people that Sussans have the best flannel pj's.  But you have let me down.  First of all, (and this is my primary greivance) your decision to have Lisa McCune (or whoever she is) on your ads for Coles really, really annoys me.  All she does is go around making bean jokes and eating chocolate cake.  And she probably didn't even write the bean joke.  I mean, anyone who has one a gold logie (TV Week award thing) is just death when it comes to ads.  Look at Ray, look at Daryl!  Second of all, Market Day?  Why can I only buy cheap fresh fruit at Bi-Lo on Wednesdays?  Actually, this doesn't really bother me, because the selection of fruit and vegies at Bi-Lo is really crap.  And their bananas are always either green or brown.  What ever happened to yellow?  Plus, with Bi-Lo you've got that horrible Ian Hewittson, who has gone from eating crappy Bi-Lo food to advertising Jenny Craig, not such a good sponsor now, is he?  So I am shopping at Safeway.  At least they're not forming a league with the Devil!  (Shell - who apparently did something to someone in Africa that wasn't very nice).  I am sure I wanted to talk about something else, but I can't remember what it was.  Oh yeah, something to do with writing....  I got this info sheet off the honours co-ordinator that suggests that you write every day as part of good practice for your thesis.  Well, I hope this counts!  Invention for the day:  Shopping trolleys that read your intentions and return your dollar if you don't intend to remove them from the carpark.