         I haven't done a lot since I last wrote.  I haven't read/bought any of the books I think I was supposed to.  I also was expecting an email from my "soon to be" supervisor, but still nothing.  I sent him an email after I read Lucretius "On the Nature of the Universe".  It was quite good, for a dead Roman guy.  Lucretius wrote the most complete text of the doctrine of Epicurus.  Epicurus is my favourite philosopher.  Just because.  Some Vital Statistics:  Favourite Colour: Purple  Favourite Sesame Street Character: Cookie Monster  Favourite TV Show: The Simpsons  Favourite Movie: Back to the Future I  (BttF) (II and III suffer from "ontological shock"*)  Favourite Sport to watch on TV: One day internation cricket, preferably a day nighter that finishes at about 10:30 local time where Australia bats second.  Favourite Band: I am between bands.  I used to really really like Metallica (well all of the albumns where the name of the albumn is the second song), but they have really gone down hill since 1991, which is 12 years ago.  So they have been crap for about half of my life.  Sigh.  * Ontological Shock - originally termed by   David Golding  as descriptive of the look on a cats face when you grab their tail just as they are jumping.     Ontology  is the study of what is, or of what exists (a branch metaphysics) and most people know what  shock  is.  However I have taken it to describe what happens to various media (film, tv series, books - often in science fiction) where after an inital product is produced (eg BttF I) additional "things" are introduced into the universe, thereby changing the initial ontology of the series.  A great example of  Strong Ontological Shock  occurs in the second Highlander movie.  In the first movie, the theory of the Highlander and "there can be only one" and all that is explained and the second movie goes "Nah, nah, they're aliens man.  How else could be get a sequel out of it, if we killed 'em all off in the first movie??".  It is Strong Ontological Shock because it undermines what we were told previously.  It remains to be seen if this can be applied to The Matrix movies.  In BttF II the Ontological Shock that was most noticable to me is that Marty can't handle the fact that people call him "chicken".  Now, no-one in the first movie brings his bravery into question (except for perhaps Jennifer when she's telling him to send in his demo tape) so II and III aren't inconsistent with the I, but it just seemed to me like a very jarring plot device to have Marty come back to fights he would normally run away from and then have to run away anyway as Biff (Griff and Mad Dog) are so much bigger than him.  Other examples of  Weak Ontological Shock  are when authors become aware of their own selling power and start to deviate from the main plot and go off on sub-plots to write more books.  Common amongst Fantasy Authors who having set up a quest in the first book, have no idea how to carry it out and have their characters chasing various sub-quests that turn out not to help with the main quest at all.  Although I have not seen much of either, Buffy and Xena (and Charmed) seem to suffer from  Serial Ontological Shock .  Serial Ontological Shock is the "monster of the week" or "spell of the week" or "way to bring back star character from the dead this week" syndrome.  Some may say that some Star Trek also suffers from this Serial Ontological Shock, not just with monsters of the week (of spacial phenomenon too) and also with the setting up of logical/physical barriers that cannot be broken.  "Can't go faster than warp 10."  "Haha," says Paris, "Can too!!"  Does this episode imply that the Captain Janeway is Helen of Troy?  (Well, she does run off with Paris and breed....)  Basically is what happens to Fantasy (or Sci Fi) that hasn't figured out what its ontology or universe rules are and really doesn't give a stuff.  Another Example of the pure form of Ontological Shock is in fourth season Babylon 5.  I thought it was worth mentioning because the nature of the Ontological Shock is that it results in the  removal  of entities rather than the introduction of new ones.  Two of the most powerful species just pack up their little bags and leave the universe (Shadows and Vorlons).  I found this a bit of an anti-climax to something that had been building for two seasons, but I think I'm in the minority.  Perhaps Fight Club is an example of  Cinematographic Ontological Shock .  (The way the movie is shot is misleading to the viewer, but wholley consitent)  Something that is not Ontological Shock (in my opinion anyway) is "revelations" in the movie.  For example, "Luke, I am your father" from Darth Vader in Star Wars V is just a revelation.  If there was something inconsistent with anything previously (and I am kinda ignoring Episodes I-III here) then perhaps it would be Ontological Shock.  (I don't count Luke and Leia kissing as inconsistent.)  Is Ontological Shock a bad thing?  It doesn't have to be.  I think it is only a problem when it conflicts with what the audience is expecting.  I think that certainly Stong Ontological Shock (in the Highlander sense) where the subsequent products undermine (rather than just "shed new light on" (The Matrix?)) what has gone before leaves the audience a bit pissed off.  Certainly if you were reading a murder mystery, then Ontological Shock would really annoy you.  "I think it was Mr Smith, in the library with the candle-stick!"  "Well, no.  Actually I've introduced a new character, Emperor Kang, and he did it.  Didn't pick that, did you?"  Drastic changes in characterisation (BttF) left me a bit annoyed too.  Buffy, Xena and Charmed are popular and the "monster of the week" thing works for them because that is what the audience is expecting - there is no expectation of consistency and if they had the same monster every week or left Buffy dead for a bit, it'd be a little dull.  Invention of the day: Strong and Weak Ontological Shock.