         Still no net at G's.  I have managed to log into a computer in the bowels of the Ming Wing (the basement of the Menzies Building).  I tried to log in on Thursday in the library but it didn't work.  As I was walking in to the lab, just before, I saw a notice "Having trouble logging in?".  I thought, this looks like to poster for me.  Anyway, it was all good, I had to log in as Register and change my password and log in and now everything is sweet.  So, lets walk through what's been happening.   Semester 2, Week 2, Day 4.   Briefly, had Metaphysics class in the morning.  Went to a staff seminar on "Is Strength of Will Rational".  Caught up with supervisor and he recommended I read some CONTEMPORARY papers.  Tish and pish.  But then he gave me the references.  So now I have:  Philosophy of sex : contemporary readings  Philosophy of sex and love : an introduction  Anyone would think I was obessed.  Almost killed myself dragging all of the books I had with me around and to the library and everything.  Ended up hanging around MURP in Wholefoods, before dumping my bag, going and getting the car, driving to the Campus Centre (Union Building for the pre-94ers) and collecting my bag and books.  I have so much reading to do.  I chatted with someone (Fiona) who's into Epicurus and had written against Annas.  She agreed to give me a copy of her paper, as long as I agreed not to take it seriously.   Semester 2, Week 2, Day 5.   Ha, it would be nice to say I did work today.  But alas.  Spent the morning in the Salvos looking for clothes for Jeanie's 50s party.  Sigh.  Decided to base my costume on Rizzo from Grease, once found black shirt and bad red shoes.  Spent the afternoon in another staff seminar.  This one was about something to do with Epistemology, so it went over my head.  (Epistemology is the study of the theory of knowledge.  Anyone who does it for long enough tends to a) realise that they know nothing OR b) actually know nothing but think they know lots and write a whole heap of crap about it.)  In my mind, it is closely related to philosophy of language, which is also a big no no.  (Once again you fall into the a) or b) category, but in this case, more likely b)).  Got paper from Fiona.  Friday night, spent the night in front of the tv.  Have little recollection.   The Weekend   Got up about 9:00 Saturday, rang up Dad, got a recipe for Ginger Bread Men.  Went to Bilo (despite my anti-Coles tendencies, I was pretty sure that I could get what I wanted) and bought ingredients for GBM.  With the assistance of Hannah made GBM.  At first, we made ones that were about 6 inches in height (lying down GBM, obviously) but they proved to be too fragile and expand too much, and they broke after baking.  So I sacrificed those to Hannah's Dad (who had so helpfully proven empirically that 630 grams of flour is "almost precisely" 4 cups).  We genetically modified the little suckers to be about 3 inches in size and this was successful.  Went to Jeanie's 50s party.  Ate and drank far too much and had a golly good time.  (Found out later that Collingwood beat Geelong.  Yay! (Sorry to Alex and Sascha, you sad pack o' losers).)  Sunday, slept in lots, went to pick up car with David (left car at Jeanie's).  Came home, read about Concrete Possible Worlds, fell asleep, got up, had dinner, watched some program on ABC about Mary I and went to Dave's place.    Semester 2, Week 3, Day 1.   Got up, came home, sat around watching TODAY while having breakfast.  Went to uni, sat in classes on Aesthetics.  Went to lunch with honours group in Wholefoods, went back up to listen to the others give mini thesis presentations in preperation for their actual presentation in a couple of weeks.  Went and got a sandwhich and came here to blog.  Blogged.  That just about brings you up to date with my amazing life.  Invention for the day: Book reading familiar.  Something that will read and understand books for you and pass the knowledge into your head.  (I will not use any more familiars as my inventions, because last time I had this discussion, we ended up having a familiar for everything and we decided we'd never do anything again.  Well, I won't use familiars for a while, until it seems particularly purposeful.)  This is kind of like the belief monk, except that the reading familiar must be able to pass knowledge into my brain.