         Thought I'd come over and see Sascha, Mel and Ben, but they're not here.  So I'm chatting with Lukas, who is here.  Yesterday I did something terrible.  I sat in korner and didn't leave for hours - I was talking to Polly about philosophy, that's like study, right?  Plus I played 500 instead of reading Kant.   Semester 2, Week 4, Day 2.   Books returned: 3 Books borrowed: 5  They are breeding like rabbits (next I'll borrow 8 books for sure!)  Tissues: Unknown.  Tissue box occasionally lifts when I pull out tissue, this is a bad sign. Back up tissue boxs: 1 Drugs taken: Dimatap Cold and Flu.  Yummmmm.  Today I started by doing free writing for ten minutes.  This felt really good.  Free writing (which I didn't explain yesterday) is where you write non-stop for some period of time, even if all you write is "I have nothing to write" over and over and it lets you get used to brain dumping in a non-critical way and is supposed to free your from the blank page phobia that people get.  I worked on my synopsis all morning, until about 2:00.  I went through Brown and tried to figure out what his arguments were.  I really only have Clay (whose book is long and I still have not finished) and tidy up Soble on Love.  But I haven't actually written anything that I could hand in, I've just gone through the papers and tried to figure out what their arguments are.  I have discovered that summarising a paper and summarising an argument (finding the little bastard) are quite different things.  Then I read some stuff for Metaphysics.  I read something against Lewis's Possible Worlds.  This guy thinks he has something that can do modal explanation without recourse to concrete possible worlds and that his theory does it better.  Then I read the articles I am supposed to present in Week 7 on Substance.  My brain balked big time at this.  I didn't understand a lot of it and I didn't understand the second paper's refutation.  I will re-read the introductory article and try again .... later.  Then I went into the library and found some sources from Brown that looked interesting, except they're from Classics journals, not Philsophy, so they might be a bit redundant.  Also found a source that Soble used.  I swear it wasn't there last week when I looked.  This guy is called Robert Brown too.  Confusing.  Ah, but the philosophy Robert Brown is actually Robert D Brown, so that makes everything better...  Hopefully my eye sight and left arm will remain intact after I exposed them to lots of flashy lights.  I guess this is just one of the many hazards of photocopying large bound journals from the 80s.  Why they decide to combine some random years together is beyond me.  Still feeling a bit crap, but I shall go to singing.  We are performing in September and I don't want to miss any rehersals (not because I'm not familiar with what we're doing, but because I fear our wonderful choir mistress with all of my evenly dispersed throughout my body, made of tiny spherical atoms, Lucretian soul!!)  Invention for the day:  Anti-virotics.