         Back in the Arts Basement.  Despite my belief that they won't work, I am taking echinacia (or whatever) it is.  It seems to be working, but then, who knows how bad the cold would have been, if I wasn't taking it.  (Damn counterfactuals!)  Yesterday I slept in a fair bit.  Sat around watching sport on tv trying to figure out why Collingwood lost, did a bit of synopses writing (finished Annas, moved onto Nussbaum), went shopping (a minor shop) for milk and essentials, watched crap tv and went to bed.   Semester 2, Week 4, Day 1.   Books read: None. Words written: Only these ones. Tissues gone through: Unknown, emptied pockets of coat into bin at lunch time. Nose: Probably bright pink and shiny.  Have resolved not to look. Ears infected from wearing bodgey earrings on Thursday thinking that they wouldn't get infected this time: 2.  I was going to get up, read the bit of Kant I was supposed to read on Sunday and then go to my class.  Instead I slept in, had breaky and shower, went to uni and played 500 for an hour and then went to my class.  I asked my philosophers had to make things so unclear, like, not just Ancient guys who wrote in a language that is difficult to translate and fairly moth eaten (or had volcanoes fall on the text in some cases) but like recent guys too.  He asked me why I thought it was, I said it was so they got paid more.  I was right.  How depressing.  Had a mini-meeting with the honours co-ordinator (Toby, he's quite nice) and he gave me this paper on Free Writing, which is supposed to be really good and helps you to losen up and stop being afraid of writing or the "blank page".  I think Daisy from  Spaced  could benefit from this.  I bought these floppy disks to get some things I sent to myself so I can use them at home, but the pc I logged into has a bodgey floppy drive, so I shall have to switch.  Not fair.  Also they are closing my favourite exit out of the Blackburn car park so they can build their stinky Synchrotron.  I know Dave is excited, but now I am going to have to do a right hand turn across Wellington Road instead of a left hand turn into Blackburn Road.  I thought something was weird because the shuttle bus didn't go out that exit the way it usually did.  Not fair.  Even though I have quite a little car, I still don't like having to sit in the middle of the road waiting with potentially my butt or nose hanging out into on-coming traffic.  Next I think I shall go home.  I am not going to aerobics.  I may watch tv.  I hope to read the paper for Thursdays class and the Free Writing paper (oh, and the example of a good synopsis before I waste any more time on it.)  Invention for the day: Some kind of dentist tool, especially adapted to remove non-floppy disk like things from floppy disk drives.