         This transmission is from Stonehenge - the household of Melinda, Ben and Sascha.   Semester 2, Week 5, Day 2.   I didn't do any work.  Went to uni and met Dirk.  Photocopied sections of various books for him.  He and I are going to read stuff together.  Spent the day with Jeanie, after I did some shopping for her, and her knee.  Took Jeanie to singing.  Went home after singing and started preparing for the FOME meeting.   Semester 2, Week 5, Day 3.   Got up at about 8:30.  Read for four hours about properties, universals, fundamental measurements and went mad!!!  Finished preparing for FOME meeting.  I have been advertising it as "Ainsley's surprise topic (trust me)".  Went to the library with Dave and finally got the article from DocDel (the document delivery service) that is a "pugnacious attack against Nussbaum".  Went grocery shopping.  Then Hannah had her mum over for tea, so we helped tidy and had dinner with her.   Semester 2, Week 5, Day 4.   Got up early and walked to uni.  Read the article against Nussbaum, it was pretty pugnacious, but more against Seneca's (a stinky Stoic) view of love.  Sigh.  Weeks of waiting and it wasn't very useful.  Went and had my brain boggled by the Metaphysics class about properties, universals and watched others share the madness!  Ran the FOME meeting.  My topic was Time Travel (in Science Fiction).  I think it went pretty well, and I got a small stuffed blue elephant for my efforts.  I talked about presentism and four dimensionalism and Back to the Future I and Terminator I (a lot).  Bummed around korner for an hour and a half playing 500.  Went and saw Dirk and discussed Nussbaum and Annas with him.  (He had to put my meeting back, as he spent most of last night being boggled by universals, properties and stuff.)  It was dissapointing that he didn't have all the answers, but that's okay.  I have just gotten back from the Nott (the local pub).  Had a cheap meal and a drink with Bowie, Katie, Mel, Sascha, Ben, David and Polly.  Invention for the day: Dunno.  Something that thinks of inventions for the day.