         Oh, haven't written since Friday.  I shall be brief.   The Weekend.   Pies won!  By a lot.  (108 -71)  They are now third on the ladder.  Saturday: Finished "Faro's daughter" (not fossfy* related at all), worked on synopsis (for a bit anyway), went to Jennie and Liam's party.  Partied hard and hurt leg (recurring knee problem)  Sunday: Was going to go cycling, but windy.  Drove around with David, had yummy eggs for brunch.  Visited lame Jeanie (knee surgery).  Drove around some more.  Went to Dave's parents place for dinner.  Home, bed.  Horrible nightmares last night.  My first thesis related dreams.  (I'm so proud).  First I dreamt that I was thirsty, I kept having all these glasses of cordial and still be thirsty.  This is odd because Lucretius actually talks about the thirsty man who dreams about drinking.  I figure I was thirsty from the red wine.  (For some reason a bowling alley is in this section of my dreams).  The next part of my dream was I was reading Brown's book ( Lucretius on Love and Sex ) and someone had gone through and high lighted all the bits I needed, and put blue stars next to all the points and gone over the Latin in pen (because the book was a bound photocopy.  Weird.   Semester 2, Week 5, Day 1.   Got a lift into uni from David (thanks Dave!).  Had to convince Mouse (a chick in korner) that it was Week 5.  She has now gone away to do her assignment.  I learnt how to borrow from the Departmental Library.  I borrowed another book by Nussbaum called  Love's Knowledge , thinking it would be appropriate.  Unfortunately it seems to be solely related to how Literature and Philosophy interact.  Sigh.  She also compares Lucretius with Nietzsche.  Please don't be put off by that.  Lucretius is actually really quite cool.  Went through Kant in aesthetics at a cracking pace.  I read the lecture notes two weeks ago and don't think I'm getting anything out of reading Kant, so I have stopped reading him.  I am hoping that I can do my essay on something else.  Someone who is translated into readable English would be nice.  During the class someone asked me about what texts I was doing my synopsis on and I rattled out five.  Turns out they did three, which makes more sense.  It's only 3000 words and I have been desperately trying to get stuff into 600 words (and that's no easy task when it's a book) instead of 1000.  Nuffy.  Then had lunch with honours folk at Wholefoods.  Their food was a little cold, but that's okay.  At least I got a piece of nice garlic bread this week.  Last week they were between batches or they'd run out, and I got two bits of normal bread with some garlicish like substance.  This week, it was bone fide garlic bread with the little crunchy bits that get stuck between your teeth and everything.  Then went to the library (borrowed two books on love) and complained about not having received my document from DocDel.  They have re-submitted my request as urgent.  Though why it is urgent because I complained is beyond me.  Anyway, the guy, who was nice, told me not to leave it so long and I should check after two weeks.  But I thought that was the lower limit, not the upper limit of the amount of time it would take.  I just didn't want to be pushy because they seem so harrassed.  Oh well.  After that had super meeting with supervisor (Dirk).  I asked him how many papers I was supposed to be looking at for the synopsis and he said he didn't know.  Ah!  I rambled on for a bit and got all excited about my theories and stuff.  He said I was way ahead of him (I burbled too quickly perhaps), so I am going to drop some stuff off for him to read tomorrow with some questions (that I will email) and we are going to go over it on Thursday afternoon.  After the FOME meeting, which I am running!  Ah!  So, compose email about questions and prepare for FOME meeting.  Also go to aerobics.  Not that Jeanie will be there....  :)  *fossfy = philosophy, when you've had either a) too much alcohol or b) too little sleep.  See also nish ning (air conditioning).  (Note, there is nothing to see.)  Invention for the day: Small robot that is able to retrive umbrellas from cars and return them to the house.  Some kind of robot that can read quickly and do text searching of paper books would be nice too and can hold open a book and flick to the notes and the end and back real quick would be handy.