         I'm at uni.  I have a terrible headache and am tempted to try to catch a bus home.  Clayton is so windy and I swear it isn't 18 degrees.  Just returned four books that have been sitting on my floor for three weeks that I concluded I wasn't going to read.  Just borrowed another book....  Private life of the Romans  by Mary Johnston.  It's only little, so that's okay.  I wanted something for Rome that I had for Athens in  Greek popular morality in the time of Plato and Aristotle  by K. Dover.   Semester 2, Week 6, Day 5.   I went and saw Dirk (my supervisor) this morning and we chatted about Alan Soble's book on the Varieties and Features of love.  He hadn't read it and when I walked in he was looking pretty chuffed.  He and I are pretty excited about my thesis at the moment.  There is a lot of opportunity to contemporised Lucretius and his stance on the types of love into some of the questions that Soble is writing about.  (His book was published in 1998 - you don't get much more contemporary than that.)  We discussed an approach to take for the synopsis that doesn't involve summarising the paper and how to tease out some of the issues, rather than Soble's arguments (points of view).  Also, more good news, he read my draft synopsis and has made a couple of suggestions and marked up some errors.  He thought it was pretty great and he liked the stuff I wrote on Annas.  I said good, seeing I'd spent so much time on it.  He asked if I thought it was getting easier.  I replied that I wasn't sure, because I worked on them in parellel.  Now all I have to do is go home, finish synopsis, have my nearest and dearest proof read it and it's all good.  (Oh yeah, at some point I should print it out and hand it in..... but that should be trivial).  Then I can start looking at the papers for my Metaphysics presentation on Thursday.  Sigh.  I expect I shall have a better weekend than those poor creatures finishing their draft theses to hand in on Monday.  Some of the supervisors were asking for draft drafts to have a look at before they were handed in.  Makes sense really, the rough draft is worth three times as much as my piddly little synopsis.  Invention for the day: A library catalogue system that is better than the stinky winky Dewey Decimal System!  I had to look up something that was 306.70938 H 195 B and that's just silly!  (Took ages to find it too.)  Maybe we should sort by colour.