         No speakers here either - coming to you from stress central, the bowels of the Ming Wing.  If I turn around about 150 degrees, I can see Rosemary, stressed out about Aristotle.  Ew!  Sucessfullly managed to extract gravel from the garage.  My hand was funny feeling for ages afterwards, as I had to scoop it out of the tank and into some fish buckets.  (Fish buckets are typically blue (or grue*) and have never had detergent or other chemicals used on them, consequentially they tend to have two bits of gravel and some dried weed at the bottom).  *Grue is a made up example of a complex property.  It is of green objects that will turn blue at some future date.  Also went shopping at Mt Waverley Safeway for some essentials (milk, crumpets, UHT milk for next time I can't be bothered....)  After a while, we (my family) started to pronouce UHT as "yut" - so we'd talk about "yut milk" - which some people think is descriptive of the taste, or of someone vomitting.  Personally, I don't mind it.  Seeing my main applications of milk seem to involve tea or milo, it's never unadulterated enough for me to care.  I don't even care if it tastes like real milk!   Semester 2, Week 6, Day 4.   I woke up at about 5:00 and couldn't get back to sleep.  I have decided to decline coffee at 3:00 in the afternoon from now on.  The worst bit was that I kept on thinking about possible worlds and necessity and stuff.  Yuck!  I blame Lewis.  Got up later than I wanted to after sleeping in when I managed to get back to sleep.  Bumma.  So I thought, Yeah, 17 degrees.  That'll be nice.  Walked to uni and had my Metaphysics class.  Today we talked about structured universals.  I almost understood today's papers.  Here goes:  Universals are things that are wholley present where instantiated.  We might talk about the universal banana as being the thing that makes in "banana like".  (See also Plato's forms for a theory of universals).  Now, some people think it is pretty silly to have things like "the Universal Ainsley" or "the universal banana" and they like to have something more along the lines of some primitive, like carbon, charge, quarks, charm or some basic (fundamental) things that are universal.  Structured Universals are made up of these basic universals.  E.g. (as Lewis uses it) Methane is made up of the universals Carbon and Hydrogen.  But he reckons Structured Universals are in big trouble because there are four Hydrogen atoms in Methane and how can you have four whollley present particulars in a universal.  It's a bit silly really.  The funny thing was that the rebuttal paper was written by one John Bigelow, who was sitting in the class with us, trying to make sense of what he wrote in 1983.  I know the kind of stuff I was turning out in 1983 (I was in prep, it went along the lines of "Spot is a dog") so I can sympathise there.  I started looking up journal articles so that I can start writing essays on my course work subjects (with I have been neglecting).  4500 words is just a bit third year essay really.  I hope.  I wonder what a third year essay is like, I haven't written one since 1998.  Invention for the day: Small disk that carries journal references and call numbers that can be inserted into the brain so that I neither have to print nor write down journal references and call numbers.  That'd be nice.  Maybe I need a palm pilot or something, nah, that's still counts as writing....