         Cigarettes - 0 Alcohol Units - 0 Weight - Once a day, just before or after shower.  In an effort to stop sounding like Ms Jones, I have decided to use the first person singular pronoun a little more.  Last night I couldn't be bothered going to bed (as I have to invest a lot of energy into heating the sheets) so I stayed up and watched James Bond videos (Tomorrow Never Dies and The Living Daylights).  After I had heated my snuggle blanket (a small flannelette patchwork number made by my mother) with my body heat and the heater (which can only heat the lounge) I took that to bed with me and went to bed about midnight.  This may seem a little weird and lazy, but you have to understand that I have recently taken a voluntary redundancy from my job of about three years.  (Incase you are aliens, I will explain.  Voluntary Redundancy is where they (them that you work for) give you a lot of money not to work anymore and you'd be mad not to take it, because who wants to work anyway.  Unless of course you have a mortgage or are bad at your job and think that no-one else will give you money for being bad at work.)  Great, now I just sound like Ms Mole.  (Kylie Mole, from the Commedy Company, big hit show in the late eighties that I was allowed to stay up and watch even though it was a school night.)  (School is where you work and they don't pay you at all, but you learn a lot.  A School Night is betweeen Sunday and Thursday where you have school the next day.  It is also an excuse your parents give for not letting your friends stay over.  "No, not on a School Night," they'd say.  This meant that Friday night was the best night in the world.  Obviously you wouldn't have your friends over on Saturday night because then you would have to miss them between school and Saturday morning, plus there was Church on Sunday mornings....)  Anyway (where was I) ah, yes.  So I have been staying up late and getting up later.  I am beginning to have a little bit of sympathy for people who seem to become instantly nocturnal as soon as the weekend or any kind of holidays roll around.  Good for them.  Personally, I like seeing the sun and if we ever have some in Melbourne again, it would be just great.  At least Melbourne weather is currently better than Perth.  WE'RE not having hurricanes and unlike Adelaide, WE'RE not having floods.  I saw on the news that the drought was over.  Maybe I'll be able to wash the bugs off my car now.  Bugs on my car (quick explanation) - After being paid lots of money to leave my job a friend and I drove to Perth (we avoided the hurricanes and flooding, but it was a little cold sometimes.)  Perth is a LONG way away from Melbourne.  We drove 8626 km in twelve days and my little car collected lots of little bugs in the front of it.  Hopefully there are no dead roo remains around my wheels.  Ew.  (My friend and travelling companion on this epic journey, Jeanie (the Jeans), kindly removed the bird feathers from the grill after I ran into a bird.  RIP little birdy.)    Run over the birds and what do you get?  Flat birds!  So, now I'm doing a lot of nothing.  Which is great.  Not entirely accurate.  I have applied to do Honours in Philosophy (a bit of an about face from what my Computer Science degree got me) which will go for a year and live off the buckets of money they gave me not to work anymore.  Invention for the day: Coating similar to teflon on front of cars that facilitates very dead bugs being wiped off really easily rather than cooking on the front of your car and the number plate.