         I'm at Dave's place and his speakers for the computer aren't even here, so I decided not to bother trying to get music going.  At least he has a heater.  After I wrote yesterday, I went home and re-read Brown and worked a little on my synopsis.  Then food, aerobics, more food, bed.   Semester 2, Week 6, Day 2.   Got up at 8:00 and walked into uni (which takes about 25 minutes).  Chatted to Dirk about Brown and Nussbaum.  I think he is feeling a bit guilty that he's as lost as I am.  He keeps saying that if he was a good supervisor he'd be suggesting all this stuff to read and suggesting questions to ask to base my thesis on.  That he doesn't recommend things to read is okay, because I am so over reading.  I never want to read again.  I have so much reading to do.  Met Dave at uni and went and had lunch with him.  Went home and worked on my synopsis for like almost an hour and a half before giving up.  I am sending it to Dirk to read so he can comment and I can edit.  I should have done this two weeks ago.  I read it this time and it didn't seem so bad.  Eek!  It's supposed to be 3000, it's 4400 and I think I've got to add about 250 for it to be complete....  I used to be so precise in what I wrote.  I think I may have read more than I can summarise (bitten off more than I can chew).  Now I'm here typing this.  I am going to send off my email to Dirk with my draft.  The last paper (of 5) isn't finished yet and has big "Under Construction" warnings around it.  I meant to do it today/tomorrow.  But I have to re-read one of the chapters in Soble (about 30 pages) and... and... and I just can't.  Okay?  So instead I am going to trawl through the database for any journal articles on Lucretius and love.  Main problem is that there is lots of Classical works on Lucretius and love (like Brown, really he's a classical scholar... anyone with that kind of knowledge of Latin must be) but not many philosophical works.  Which could be good, means I can write about stuff without treading over trodden ground.  To write boldly where no philosopher has written before.  I don't mind writing.  It's better than reading.  Only problem is that if I find journal articles I might have to read them.  It's my brain, it's full.  Overflowing.   Pop !  (Or should that be  splat ?)  Invention for the day: Brain Decanter Tupperware or Super Brain Backup (allows you to dump useless stored information like advertising jingles and Seinfeld episodes into some kind of archive - thus freeing your brain and making it hungry for more knowledge and happy to read, read, read).