         Coming to you once again from the bowels of the Ming Wing.  After moving to a pc where the mouse works, I am please to say that things are progressing well.   Sunday.   I woke up at Dave's place after a fantastic party.  It was fun.  I said some stupid things but that's okay.  After helping Dave and Josh clean up after the party, we went and got breakfast from the Turtle Bean cafe, then back to my place for a shower and change of clothes (I had borrowed some clothes from Dave, as all I had to wear was party clothes.)  Went and visited my parents then visited Dave's parents and had dinner with them.   Semester 2, Week 6, Day 1.   One week until my synopsis and everyone else's thesis is due.....  Read a bit of Brown for my meeting with Dirk tomorrow.  Will go home and read more after this.  Walked to uni between showers and had Aesthetics class.    Learnt about Kant's sublime (the pain you feel when the imagination cannot grasp what is being thought of in a visual conception although the understand seems to grock it okay) and how it contrasts to beauty (the pleasure you feel when the imagination and understanding work in harmony though they fail to place what is being perceived into a concept, though the imagination keeps searching for one.)  Had philosophy Honours lunch in Wholefoods.  Started talking with Toby about Leibniz and Newton.  Toby was saying that we lived in a world with relative space (curved space) but it was possible to have a world with absolute space (euclidean/flat space).  I said that they were talking about different things.  I think they are confusing the fish tank with the water.  For Newton, a universe has to have a fish tank.    For Leibniz, a universe has to have water and fish.    So when Leibniz goes on about "God couldn't have created the world three feet over" he is imagining the fish and his rock in just any old where.    Newton's like, well, the fish and the rock would be at the left of the tank or the right of the tank (in a four foot tank).    Leibniz is like, okay, for the sake of argument, there's a tank.  Right, but see how I can take this bit of water and move it to the other side of the tank?  Newton's like, well yeah, you've moved the water.  But what I am talking about is two bits of space in tank, like that bit that's six inches in from the side and four inches from the bottom.  That bit of space can't move, even if you take the bit of water that was there and move it.    Leibniz is like, nah mate.  You've gotta move water, you can't reference things from the fish tank.  There is no tank.  Newton's like, but didn't you say that there was a tank?  See how stupid it was?  Invention for the day:  The Weather Service, more efficient that the Postal Service and clothes line sensitive (the washing I did on Friday looked mighty sad when I saw it on the line this morning.)