         Stayed up late yesterday watching  Simone D Whasisface's Babies  on ABC.  Very scary.  I've only seen to episodes.  The basic thing is that these thirty something year olds are trying to get pregnant after they went to some conference or something.  Anyway, one hunts down her ex from her teen years, one is pregnant to her ex, but didn't realise at the time and the other one is trying to get knocked up by her subordinate at work (with a turkey baster at first....)  I wish that if I had maternal instincts they kick in in the next few years.  I don't want to be thirty something and desperately clucky.  Who wants to go to your kids twenty first when you're in your fifties?  Some of the people I know who are in their thirties are breeding.  It just takes so long to get established and sorting yourself out as a person that you seem to end up in your thirties before you even know it.  If only I could know now if I will want kids in the future and try and short circuit that (either by having kids or making myself not want to have kids.)  I don't really have a point.     Semester 2, Week 7, Day 2.   Spent this morning reading articles for my presentation for Metaphysics on Thursday.  It's about the Bundle Theory vs Substratum Theory.  Sigh.  (From Week 1, Day 5 "The bundle theory is that all we are is a bundle of properties. It always makes me think of a cat made of elastic bands, I don't know why.")  So the Bundle Theory is like, we're just a bunch of properties, dude.    The Substratum Theorists are like, but dude, how can we just be a bunch of properties?  What if there are two bunches of properties that are the same?  There must be something else that makes them different.  Yeah.  Let's call that something a "bare particular" (which reminds me of a naked bear...) dude.  The Bundle guys are like - Don't think so.  You can't go around just positting new things like that.  The Substratum guys counter going - 'Fraid so.  Otherwise you'll be going with the Identity of Indescernables, which is what Leibniz reckoned.  And everyone knows that Leibniz is wrong, wrong, wrong.  The Bundle guys wriggle around a bit and eventually go - Yeah?  Well, actually what we meant was that it is impossible for two bundles of properties to be the same so ner.  The Substratum guys then come up with this example of a world that has two same things in it.  (Like two spheres, two disks, two twins)  They then have it out over whether or not they have all their "relevant" properties in common.  Very silly.  So anyway, that is kinda what my presentation is about.  Dude.  Singing tonight.  Invention for the day: A dish that cleans itself after use and beer bottles that, once emptied, are drawn to the recycling bin.