         Last day of Winter, and looking outside, I hold little hope for the future.  Melbourne has been really windy lately.  So windy that it has starred in numerous news bulletins as a blower over of trees and a destroyer of houses and cars.  Wow.  Usually it's seen as one of the most inert of the four elements too.  My friend, who I have mentioned several times, Jeanie has a blog, but you'll never find it.  On the 10th of August she said "Well, apparently friends don't need to speak to each other any more. THey just read each other's blogs and then you know all there is to know."  I'd just like to say that even though I do detail here what I am doing, I do do other things too.  Like watch the Simpsons.  So if you're one of my friends reading this, you can still talk to me.  My social group has is going through a blog explosion.  There are blogs everywhere.  This is pretty cool.  I mean, part of what I like about it is that if your main communication tool to your friends is email, then typing out variations of what you have been doing is damn tedious.  Unfortunately it means that my funny anecdotes get written up here, and when I go to tell people about them, they're like, "Yeah, I know.  I read your blog."  I miss people laughing at them, that's all.  Anyway...   Saturday.   Watched  Rage , saw the last 15 or so songs of the top 50.  So pleased that that  Remix to Ignition * is not number one anymore.  But instead it has been replaced with that  Where is the Love  song.  Yitch!  Also saw the new Evanescence clip,  Going Under .  I knew it was them before the info came up.  There's no other gothy cute chicks about at the moment.  It was okay.  Eh.  I liked  Bring me to Life  better, it had more of an immediate impact on me.  As soon as I heard it on Nova, I knew it would be good.  * As if I am gonna run my hands through his hair!  Yuck! Yuck! Yuck!  Then, dum dum dum, I finished my Synopsis.  Victory Wiggle!  The rest of the day consisted of playing the piano, talking to Hannah, seeing David, having food.  Then I decided to go to the FOME Mask ball, instead of the video night Dave and Josh having.  So I got out a dress I wore to my 21st and got the orange and vodka stains out of it with a bit of nappy-san.  It was very impressive.  And I got it dry and everything.  I went as a Platonic Form.  I lasted for about an hour and a half.  It was really boring and the music sucked.  So I rang up Dave and they sent around my sober saviour,   Mr Bowie .  A big thanks to him for picking me up and taking me to a place with booze and people who will talk to me.  (And a big thanks to Jennie and Liam for talking to me a bit during the ball.)   Sunday.   No idea.  Just got up really.  Invention for the day: The cure for hangovers.  Poor Dave.  (He says he's not hungover, he's still drunk.)