         Coming to you once again, live, via the net and all it's wonders... it's my blog!  I was going to blog at the library, but it is chaos there.  I even saw someone using the machines for the library catalogue to write email.  Tsk and grrr.   Semester 2, Week 8, Day 4.   Woke up early again, like 6:30, but managed to fall back asleep in time to be woken rudely by my alarm clock at the crack of mid-morning (9:00).  Went to lovely Metaphysics class and discussed the Bundle Theory some more.  No more bundles next week.  We are looking at tropes.  (Tropes are less universal than both universals and properties.)  I kept really quiet about my dream.  I got an email back from Dirk, (I emailed my custom question yesterday) and he said my topic was fine.  I am a bit worried, because his response did not indicate to me that he understood what my question was.   Eeek.  I am sure he's just impressed that it's only Week 8 and someone has put forward a custom topic rather than just using one of the one's he's made up.  I really want a copy of  Philosophical Papers  by David Lewis.  Unfortunately it comes in two volumes, I want volume I.  The stupid catalogue system for the library doesn't display separate availability of each volume.  Which is dumb.  It just said it was available.  So, I went and had a look and they only had Volume II.  I hunted around for Volume I, because things are often misshelved (not always accidently).  So then I borrowed Volume II to see if it would differentiate between the Volume II I borrowed and the Volume I, which I thought might be borrowed by someone else, and then I could recall it.  Anyway, today I went to the library and Volume I still wasn't there.  So I went and looked up its status, and it just says that Volume II is out (duh, I knew that.  I have it on my desk at home.)  I hunted around a similar section in Undergrad for a bit.  (I will explain.  There are two collections in the Matheson Library (which is also called the Main Library).  There is the Main Collection (which is also called the Matheson collection) and the Undergraduate Collection (but there is no Undergradute Library).  Finally, I went and had a whinge at the friendly librarians.  The result is that I have filed a Missing Book report (my first) and if it does turn up I shall be notified and I can come and collect it.  If it's just been borrowed, I don't know what that means.  But why the two volumes aren't stored distinctly is beyond me.  I was going to do moreon my essay, but I ended up watching most of  Passions  instead.  Ethan still doesn't know that Julian slept with Theresa.  Plans for this evening include going swimming with Kellie and Jeanie.  Invention for the day:  Accurate weather forecasting.