         Dave's net seems to be in order.  I am here again.  Singing was good last night.  We have one more singing before performance.  Scary.  We sang in formation last night.  I am stuck up the back between the tenors and the basses because there are just too many girlies.  It's okay.   Semester 8, Week 2, Day 3.   Had horrible sleep and tossed and turned.  Woke up at about 5:30am with a proof of Principle of the Indentity of Indiscernables (which most normal people think is false) in my brain and then couldn't get back to sleep.  (The PII states that if two things share all of their (relevant) properties, then they are the same thing.  It's what Leibniz believed.  I know!  Back to him again!)  The solution went something like this (I think):  The description of a world with two identical spheres cannot be stated without: a) mentioning the word "two" (begging the question over the number of spheres) OR b) refering in some way to the first sphere when describing the second (and thereby using some identity property) because they aren't relevant (if they were, then at least one of the properties would be different) Therefore there can only be one sphere.  So, you could try to describe the world as:  There exists a Sphere such that (Properties of Sphere, P) and there exists a Sphere such that (Properties of Sphere, P) and Sphere does not equal Sphere.  But then you have used (in the last bit) a identity condition ("not equals").  If you don't have this last bit, then all you are saying is that Sphere exists and Sphere exists, but to get two you must say that they aren't equals (seeing they both share all of P).  But I remain unconvinced by my own genius.  This is mostly because I don't understand it.  But then as I was waking up at a more civilised hour (9:30am) I started thinking about my essay and I got all excited.  I spent this morning writing another 1200 words on my essay.  The other stuff is about 300 words (Bibliography, Question and three tables) and the essay is now just under 3700 words.  Only about 800 to go (and as it's usually give or take, I could write about about another 500 and be fine.)  Some of the stuff is really rough and other stuff needs expanding (and other stuff needs deleting), but important thing is that I am getting it from brain to lap top (via fingers and keyboard, with chocolate).  I want to go look some stuff up in the library once four o'clock comes around (free parking).  But I can look up the references here, which is better because I have access to a pc here.  Who knows what my chances are at the library.  Invention for the day: Proof of the Principle of the Identity of Indescernables.