         At Dave's place with semi-chancy internet connection, so we'll just see how this goes.  Aesthetics was good.  We learnt about a guy called Schiller.  (Whenever I hear that I just want to put my hands in sneak position and walk forwards funny, like Michael Jackson' s  Thriller .)  Anyway, this is the Kant and Plotinus love child I mentioned a while ago.  He seems to think that the French Revolution failed because the peasants didn't appreciate beauty enough.  That's probably an unfair simplification of his views.  I asked the other students about what they were going to write on.  They're like, oh, this is so much easier than Metaphysics.  Yeah, we don't understand any of metaphysics at all.  Uh oh!  One guy said he was going to have to lock himself up for a week to write on it.  I feel completely the opposite.  I am not too worried because I understand what is going on in Aesthetics, I'm just not sure I can write 4500 words on something where the rules haven't been established.  (With Metaphysics there are rules.  They are trying to balance simplistity with explanation power.  With Value Theory, it's all a little weird.)  I think I will end up writing a "Compare and contrast" essay.  They're easier.  If you understand two systems, you write about them and say how they're the same and how they're different and as long as you pick two systems that haven't been done (or aren't being done) by everyone else, it's all good.  Originality city.  I went and checked that my hold for the Lewis book from Gippsland was working, and it wasn't.  So I went and found another copy of the book and borrowed that and I will return the recalled one on Thursday.  Why they couldn't have borrowed that book instead of re-calling my book is beyond me.  Spent a bit more time on my Metaphysics essay and watched crappy tv.  Then watched good tv.  (All good tv can be watched, if you are prepared to stay up late enough.  I think it re-sets at around 4:30am.)  Saw the conclusion of  Simone D'Whasisface's babies .   Decided there was no moral to the story.   Semester 2, Week 8, Day 2.   Spent this morning doing the reading for Thursday's Metaphysic class.  It didn't take too long because although I read it, I didn't read it very deeply.  It's not very interesting anyway.  The only problem I had was that I couldn't find three versions of the Bundle theory in  Three Versions of the Bundle Theory .  Bit worrying really.  I mean, the article has four parts.... and one's the conclusion and one's the introduction.  Then I worked some more on my Metaphysics essay.  I am up to 2500 words.  Yay me.  I still have a whole section to write, plus expanding heaps on another section.  I have about five sections and a conclusion.  I have put a back up of my essay on Dave's pc now.  Phew.  Can't be too careful.  Just the mere fact that a pc might suspect you are doing honours is probably enough for it to destroy all your work.  Especially if that pc is really a lap top.  My car is covered in bird crap.  I am not worried, it will rain eventually.  I just can't be bothered turning the car around so that I'm not under the evil tree that the birds sit on.  I am not allowed to park before our house, close to the drive way because the guy who lives there puts letters on your windscreen says not to park in front of his house.  Apparently it makes it messy!  When my house mate persisted, he tracked her down and knocked on the door and asked her personally.  Scary as.  Plans for this afternoon include a bit of shopping for groceries.  I seem to have eaten all the ones I bought on Saturday. Sigh.  Oh, and singing.  Invention for the day:  Fridges that never run out of milk.