         I'm in the Ming Wing basement.  Spent most of the weekend writing my Metaphysics essay....  After writing on Saturday I went home and fumed about having the book recalled and thought of all kinds of ways of retaining it.  Somehow, not returning the book never entered into it.  Wrote 57 words of my essay, plus  bibliography, plus my custom question.  Dirk gave us questions, but I didn't like any of them and we are supposed to do a custom question if we can.  Hannah and I then sat down to a fine evening of food, books (she,  Illuminatus , I,  The Plurality of Worlds)  and watch Collingwood come from behind to unexpected beat Brisbane.  A lot of people are going for the ABC team in the finals.  Hee hee.  (ABC - Anyone But Collingwood).    I keep having baby dreams.  Really really scary.  Was discussing with David this morning.  Then it occured to me it was probably my thesis, it's due in about nine months!   Sunday.   Spent most of the day struggling to write Metaphysics essay.    Now up to about 1500 words.  Only another 3000 to go.... sigh.  And the ones I wrote need work.  Also watched second half of Sydney smashing their way through Port.  Congrats to Sydney.   Semester 2, Week 8, Day 1.   Week EIGHT????  After week ten there's a week break and then only a few more weeks to go!  (There are 13 weeks in a semester.)  I have good news on the book front.  Went into the library this morning and there's two copies in our library, one lost and another I have.  But there's another copy in Gippsland, so I asked for it to be sent here.  I hope they don't look and see I've already got it....  Also returned a heap of books that I think I've finished with.  Including Clay and  Annas.  Also returned  Greek Homosexuality  with the pictures....  Had this great dream it was only Friday night so I didn't have to go to Aesthetics.  Sigh.    At uni people are becoming more plentiful and look a little more haunted.  Invention for the day:  Some kind of mechanism that breaks through blocks in your brain so you can get over it and keep writing another 500 words or so.