         I don't understand.  The more it rains, the cleaner my car remains.  The less it rains, the dirtier my car becomes but the less I'm allowed to wash it.  My car is currently quite clean.   Sunday.   Went to Chadstone, kept warm.  Came home, watched a lot of tv.  A nothingy kinda day.   Semester 2, Week 9, Day 1.   I am over the fact that it is Week Nine.  After Week ten there's a break, that'll be nice.  Went to Aesthetics and finished talking about Schiller.  Didn't make any Michael Jackson jokes, because they aren't funny.  Went to honours lunchies at Wholefoods and discussed various kinds of things.  Asked Toby how work was handed back.  I was vaguely wondering if I should have gotten my Synopsis back, after all, other people were getting their theses back.  Toby said it was up to my supervisor.  Went to a class that Toby ran on responding to feedback and teasing more constructive feedback from your supervisor.  Then tried to get in contact with Dirk and ... success!  Booked myself in to see him on Wednesday about the Lit Review I have to write for my thesis.  Asked him if he knew how I could get a copy of  Philosophical Papers  Volume I.  So he checked out the department library and lo, there was a copy.  So he borrowed it for me.  Excellent....  I will return it on Wednesday when I see him.  Then I went home and worked on my Metaphysics essay.  I felt guilty about watching  Malcolm in the Middle  and not going to aerobics until I realised that a) there's no singing on Tuesday, so no-one will be there to give me crap and b) I can say I was working on my Metaphysics essay.  Hannah will back me up.   Semester 2, Week 9, Day 2.   Woke up and realised that anyone who would give me crap for not going to aerobics spent last night at the Marilyn Manson concert.  Smugness and virtue prevailed.  Guess what?  Finished a draft of my Metaphysics essay.  It is just over 4500 words.   Yay me.  I even wrote a conclusion and finished the introduction.  Now I'm at Dave's.  Plans for the rest of the day include grocery shopping (yawn).  (But I have no food.)  And that's about it really.  Dave is asleep after staying up all night with Josh.  Josh hasn't gone to sleep yet (he went to the concert too).  It's all very silly.  Invention for the day: Instant sleep drink.  Just add water and swallow for 8 hours sleep in a single tea spoon.  I used to think any amount of sleep was normal....