         Well, Spring sprung briefly, but today it seems to have snapped back.  Don't get your fingers caught in it.  That can really hurt.  Having a chill out, Chadstone kinda day.  Try to keep warm and stay awake.   Semester 2, Week 8, Day 5.   Spent the morning writing more and more of the Metaphysics essay of doom.  Here is my topic:  Peter Forrest compares his theory of possible worlds with the modal realism of David Lewis and lists four advantages of his theory over Lewis'. Explore the claim that Lewis cannot provide the same advantages and that such advantages are appropriate for a theory of possibility.  Exciting huh?  Then David and I rode into the city along Scotchman Creek and Gardeners Creek and the Yarra.  Then we rode back again down St Kilda Road, some street starting with I, and along the railway from Caulfield.  Friday night Hannah and I played Upword and spent hours on a jigsaw puzzle.  David went and saw Walken.  At about 3:00(am) David came back to find Hannah and I going made with the last bits of green gorilla bits of puzzle but we gave up and went to bed.   Saturday.   Spent some of the morning sleeping and the rest watching  Rage .  It was stinky.  I hate that  Remix to Ignition  song.  I am also pretty annoyed with  Angel  and  Where is the Love .  Yuck, yuck, yuck!  Then drove to Jeanie's place.  Picked up the Jeans and Matt and went to Melbourne Aquarium.  We parked at Crown.  We saw many specky fishies, jellies, corals, sharkies and rays.  I am only in it for the rays myself.  Fiddler rays, sting rays, eagle rays and other rays are way cool.  I bought a fridge magnet from the gifty shoppy.  It has a leafy sea dragon on it.  (They are superior to see horses and sea weed.)  I recommend the Aquarium.  But I would say to hold off until the shark enclosure is finished.  Also, it is $14 concession and $22 for adults.  So, I thought it was better than a movie (a movie being the standard metric for cost for entertainment value) but I don't know if some people would think it was better than 1.5 movies.  After that we had some food.  Went back to the Jeans' and chatted.  Then Dave and I went around to Mel, Ben and Sascha's place and chatted there.   Watched Port slaughter the Bombers.  They were so grounded into the dirt, one would think Port were playing Pepper (ground pepper...).  Went home, slept.  Phew.  Invention for the day:  Fake concession cards.