         Go Pies!  Phew, just had the last class before the break.  Break?  What break?  That means I don't have to come into uni right?  Big deal, I only come in a few times a week anyway.   Semester 2, Week 10, Day 3.   Spent the morning reading about wuv and sex.  Wuv, true wuv.  Then sat around for about an hour working out prime numbers and the difference between them.  For a while it looked something along the lines of 1, 2, 2, 2, 4, 2, 4, 2, 4, 2 and then it started to get a little more interesting, there was a 12 and a 10 up around 89 and 100.  I think I got about to the 160s.  Then David and I went out for lunchies (to Singapore Hut.)  The lady asked if I wanted something different.  Alas no, I got gado gado once more.  Chatted for ages about the necessity of the lower class.  Then we went to Chadstone.  I bought a Collingwood Scarf from the AFL shop near Myer in preparation for Saturday's Grand Final.  They'd better win now.  Then Hannah, Dave and I took turns in preparing food, chatting and I lost a game of Up-word.  Hannah read that thing I mentioned by freaky feminist Firestone and we chatted about feminism.  "I'm just a girl in the world..."   Semester 2, Week 10, Day 4.   Went to Metaphysics class on Events.  Are there really such things as events?  How do we differentiate between them?  This is all very morbid as most of the examples involve something like "is the event 'Brutus stabbed Caesar', is that the same event as 'Brutus killed Caesar'?"  We philosophers have a morbid imagination.  My fave examples are things like, if B pushes A of a building and C shoots A on the way down, who is responsible for A's death?  Mmmm, culpability questions.  (That kind of value theory is heaps better than stinky "what is beauty?")  Incase you are reading this and you are my Aesthetics lecturer, I'm trying to spark discussion.  Honest.  Then chatted briefly to Dirk, who has had a look at my Metaphysics essay.  I need to chase some things up to finish it.  I want it to be OVER!!!!  Plans for this afternoon include chasing up this journal article that Dirk mentioned and finishing evil essay.  (I need a break from thinking about wuv and stuff anyway.)  At some point I will have some food.  Honest.    (Hmm, I seem to use the word "Honest" to indicate I'm lying.  How paradoxical.  Well, I won't do it anymore!  Honest.)  Invention for the day: University printers that work.  Strange idea, I know.  Ooh, and photocopiers that never run out of paper.