         I am trying to keep this regular, but I am also trying to do work.  I am proving to be more sucessful at keeping this regular.  I've just had the last rehersal for singing before our performance on Saturday.  Eeek.  My throat is utterly sore.  I've had this odd cold thing for about 10 days now, but the only symptom is a sore throat, a slightly swollen gland or two and a mild fever.  Odd.  So now I'm at Mel, Sascha and Ben's place.  Though who knows where they are! :)   Semester 2, Week 10, Day 1.   Got up really early... been covered already.  Had final Aesthetics class, on Hegel.  No idea what I'm going to write an essay on.  Nothing really inspires me at all.  Went to the philosophy lunchies at Wholefoods and discussed with people about the oral presentation on Friday.  People got their marks back and everyone seemed to do quite well.  Then walked up the stairs with Toby, (first time I'd walked up to the ninth floor) chatting about my lit review, and picked up part of Jamie's thesis to edit as part of our peer review thing.  Someone else has my draft Metaphysics essay.  Eek - I don't like it any more.  Then I to the library and got a CAVAL card so I can borrow from other places.  Monash doesn't have a couple of key books that I need.  So I walked home, dumped some books, grabbed others and drove to Caulfield.  Took the train to Flinders Street and the tram to Melbourne Uni.  Started to get blisters, but had to persist.  Finally I found what looked like a big library and I registered to use Melbourne Uni's library with my CAVAL card.  Then I went and used their catalogue system, scary.  Finally, I managed to find the book I was looking for - Roger Scruton's  Sexual Desire.   Unfortunately this guy is a big sexist homophobe with some great ideas on love....  But I managed to borrow the book using their self borrowing facility.  This avoided the massive line that had queued up while I was registering in the first place.  Then I went and found the Education Resource Centre, which is for books that are "borrowed seldomly".  I thought it would be where books go to die, but it was actually quite okay.  Once I found the door into the building I had no problems and I even managed to flirt slightly with the guy behind the desk whom I borrowed from.  Cool, then it was back to Melbourne Central, train in peak hour (I got a seat, victory wiggle) express to Caulfield, drove home, watched Simpsons and Neighbours then off to aerobics.  How virtuous was I.  Once again it rained on a Monday evening.  What's the deal with that?  It always rains on Monday nights.  So that was my Monday.  Phew!  (Went to bed and read the rest of the  Dilbert  book I'd been plowing through.  It's the most I can read without feeling that I'm doing work.   Semester 2, Week 10, Day 2.   Got up about 8:00.  Read Jamie's bit of thesis.  In retrospect, it may have been harsh to read it as soon as I got up...  Then read a bit about love from some feminist freak called Firestone.  Men have to idealise women because they have to be able to justify loving a woman and elevating her to their social status because women are inferior freaks.  No wonder women are messed up, with all these feminists for them who needs people against women?  Then what?  Ah yes.  Most of the day involved reading, playing the piano and playing Metallica on the piano.  (Playing piano is different from playing Metallica because you have to convert guitar and make up half of it and skip the solos and your hands hurt more.)  Have not seen David since Saturday.  Feel a bit bummed out about this - but we are having lunch tomorrow.  I didn't read as much as I would have liked to and I couldn't concentrate much.  Hence the piano.  I should really buckly down and knock over this lit review, but I need to decided on a topic and all I have is all these ideas that float around my brain and nothing really gluing them together.  I have started taking notes on my thoughts about my thesis again.  Then singing and now here.  That's it really.  Invention for the day:  Something that is silent but keeps time for you while singing.  Maybe an  invisible and silent gnome could tap the time into your knee or something.