         Woah, I haven't written in ages.  This doesn't really reflect anything (like how busy I've been) except for possibly how impossible it's been to get a pc at uni.  People are like, busy or something.  Woke up heaps early (6:00) this morning (see Sunday for why I went to bed early).  So I decided to come into uni and have a go at a pc and net away.  I had 56 unread emails, 50 were spam....   Semester 2, Week 9, Day 3.   From memory....  Dave came round last night and we went over my Metaphysics essay.  He didn't like all the bits I didn't like.  This confirmed my suspicion that they were crap.  I got up and worked some more on my Metaphysics essay.  Took out and reshuffled crap bits.  Went and saw Dirk about my lit review.  He says I need a topic before I can start and I have to read around.  I don't want to read around, that's a sure waste of time.  I still need to write (on average) 2000 words a week.   Semester 2, Week 9, Day 4.   Went to Metaphysics class.  Went op shopping with Jeanie.  Went to the Salvo's on Dandenong Road and Canterbury Road.  Bought two dresses,  a shirt and a top that's 90s 70s retro.  Spent most of the day at the Jeans' chatting, watching tv and eating.  Yum.   Semester 2, Week 9, Day 5.   Spent entire day listening to ten poor little honours students present their papers.  Lots of nibbles, biscuits, tea and cake in between.  Afterwards, had too much wine with other philosophy students, left uni around 7:00.  Confessed to Dirk to being a Collingwood supporter.  He said that didn't make sense, because I wasn't a bogan.  I said I hadn't had enough VB.  Got a lift home from a drunken Amy and her boyfriend.  They dropped me off on their way to bible study (she was presenting, hopefully on the story about the wedding where Jesus turns water into wine, at least she'd have an excuse then...)  Then rang Dave and he picked me up and went to Polly and Olav and Daniel's place and chatted heaps.  Pizza.  Yum.   Saturday.   Umm, ah yes.  Slept in a bit.  Went to Seaford to see the end of Clayton Road.  It goes on for a bit, but it could hardly be called Clayton Road anymore.  Had lunchies with Dave and came back again.  Slept some more on the couch while waiting for delayed telecast of Collingwood v Port game.  Watched Pies completely demolish stinky Port.  I have never seen so many Pie fans mock strangle themselves.  (Port are a bunch of chokers - two minor premierships and still no grand final.)  (In case you are aliens, or watch Rugby I will explain, Minor Premiers are when you win the most number of games during the year, you get the most number of points and finish on top of the ladder.  You are seen as being pretty good, so why you then fail to get into the Grand Final is beyond me.  Maybe you were just pretending to be good.)  Then watched some of the Brisbane v Sydney match.  Annoyed that they watered the field, because it was pretty slippery.  Got bored about half way through and watched  Sister Act .  I am vaguely ashamed.   Sunday.   Got up early.  Possibly because of snooze on Saturday afternoon.  Wanted to go somewhere and do something.  Sat and sulked on the couch until about 10:00.  Got in the car and went for a drive.  I don't know how it happened, but I ended up at Wilson's Prom.  (About 3 hours drive away from Melbourne.)  I bought a fridge magnet and a post card.  I have the entrance sticker on my car too.  Then I went and got my feet wet in Norman Bay (the main beach at Tidal River, the camping ground at the prom).  After that I drove out and saw all the burnt bits.  The grass trees (aka Black Boys) are doing really well.  Then I went for a 4km walk in the Northern part of the prom and saw some mangrove swampy stuff.  I think I got a little burnt.  Drove home.  Then had dinner, watched Simpsons and decided to clean the house a bit.  Also did a load of washing, which I'd been meaning to do.  Got down to the last of the emergency stash of underwear.  Have decided to by more underwear so this doesn't happen again!  Went to bed early, was stuffed.  And that's why I'm up early today.  I have worked out that I need about 8hrs and 40 minutes sleep.  Invention for the day:  Cheap fridge magnets.  At about $5.00 each, my collection is worth more than my fridge!