         Well, I shan't write about intentions about writing regularly anymore.  Decided at the start of the week (Tuesday) to have a break from philosophy as I was going quietly mad reading and reading and reading and reading.  For completeness...   Semester 2, Week 10, Day 5.   Read stuff and wrote stuff.  Can't really remember.   Saturday.   Had hair cut.  Not bad, at $27.50.  Went shopping.  Saw Grand Final at Mel, Sascha and Ben's place.  Would have been nice if the Pies had turned up to play.  Stinky Pies.  Had singing performance, which was fine.  My parents liked it.  Stuffed up a little, but so did everyone at one point.  (Shh, don't tell.)   Sunday.   Can't remember.  Think I read.   Mid Semester Break, Monday.   Went to the Dandenongs with David.  Had lunch at Henry VIIIs.  Went to Aerobics, was the only person I knew there.   Mid Semester Break, Tuesday.   Went bikeling.  Rode from my place to the Gardner's Creek Path to Malvern East Station.  Then along the Alemein Line to the Eastern Freeway.  Then along the Main Yarra Trail until the Scotchman Creek Trail at St Kevin's.  The got back to East Malvern Station, rode through Boyd Park to Hughesdale Station then along the Railway Path to home.  Took about 4 hours.    Jeanie came over and she, Hannah and I chatted.  Then Hannah and I went and got videos and watched them.   Mid Semester Break, Wednesday.   Spent the morning watching wideos with Matt at Jeanie's place.  He was home sick.  Jeanie came home sick in the afternoon so chatted to her too.   Mid Semester Break, Thursday.   Watched videos.  Went to Dandenong with Jeanie, after her knee appointment.  Walked around looking at bad clothes and expensive shoes.  Tried on a great pair, but the 8.5 and the 9.5 didn't fit and they didn't have a 9.  Ce la vie (or whatever).   Mid Semester Break, Friday.   Watched videos.  Went on a spree with Hannah at Chadstone.  I BOUGHT SHOES!!!  (I am THE fussiest shoe person in the history of the universe.  I think it's because I want an inconsistent combination of properties in shoes, so I can never find what I want.  Like I was looking for something that's flat and looks nice.  AS IF!!!  And then there's other combinations like leather and cheap, plain and not boring, comfy and not grandma shoes.)  Watched the last of the videos.   Saturday   Watched video hits and rage.  Finally got fuel for my car.  Plans for the day inlcude shopping for grocery type things and something else.  Who knows?  Hannah's invention for the day:  A store at Chadstone that sells essays.  Invention for the day: Shoes that instantiate impossible combinations of universals.  (It's a metaphysics thing.)