         I am about to have a meeting with Dirk, re: my lit review.  I managed to catch up with him on Wednesday and make the appointment I'm about to go to.  Goody.  Also went to the library and borrowed  Examined life : philosophical meditations  by Robert Nozick and got two articles to read.  I keep waking up really early, like at 6:30.  Why?  Can't wait until day light savings, that should stuff up my body clock quite nicely.   Semester 2, Week 12, Day 4.   Read one of the articles I photocopied.  It was really good.  The theory behind it is that we want to be loved for the attributes (properties) that we believe are central to who we are.   So when someone complains that he is only loved for his body, it is legitimate because his body is not central to his self-perception, he would rather be loved for things that are central to his self-perception (perhaps his car, intelligence, pay packet or sense of humour.)  It also explains why someone may find it okay to be loved, just because they are blonde, if being blonde is central to his self-perception.  Then sat around a lot.  Had a sore back and my stomach felt crappy.  Yitch.  So, due to it being so lovely a day, I went for a bike ride.  I put sunscreen on my face and legs this time.  I didn't put any on my arms (which were sizzled the most on Tuesday) because they hurt, so I wore my long sleeved rain jacket, which is fairly cool.  (Though I looked pretty silly, as there was no chance of rain.)  I rode from my place, along North Road to the Bay, then down the Esplanade, Beach Road and the road that's across the train line from the Napean Hwy to Carrum Station.  Got some food there.  Then road along Dandenong Creek to Dandenong Station and caught the train back.  Phew.  Came home, showered and sat around for a bit.  David rang and he came over and we went to the Hut (Singapore Hut) for dinner.  It was a bit awkward to talk to him, hadn't seen him since Saturday night.  (I won't put today in because it hasn't really started....)  Invention for the day: Self inflating bike tires that remain at 60psi and don't deflate during the week.  (With automatic puncture repair.)  I keep having to go to 7/11 (or some other petrol station) to pump them up.