         After working hard all morning, I am now at Mel and Sascha's place.... which is for sale.  They have to move soon because the landlord is selling. Sniffle.   Semester 2, Week 12, Day 1 cont...   Went to Aesthetics.  It was great.  John doesn't want a research essay, he wants us to demonstrate that we have ideas and can follow them through.  I can do that!  Met with Dirk at Wholefoods.  He said that my essay lacked structure and direction and suggested two possible topics for thinking about what I was writing.  I took the one that he mentioned ages ago.  The conversation went like this "I'm just your supervisor, not your father, but I think that this would be a good topic...."  So I have been looking at love more and more and more and my brain goes around a lot.  The topic is about what accounts of love say about the object of love.  Does one fall in love with someone for their attributes, or does love bestow further attributes?  Is the object of love unique or does  loving bestow uniqueness?  Stuff like that, anyway.  Went to the library and did some research.  Got a great article by a guy called Simon Keller, called "How do I love thee?  Let me count the properties."  Then went home and made a back up of my lit review and massacred about 1500 words from it.  (I have pretty much re-written it from scratch over the past few days, I even have an introduction!!!)  Then it was off to aerobics.  I didn't go last week, and Mel (our instructor) said she was going to have to work us hard to make up for it.  (She wasn't there last week either, she was in Brisbane.)  So I bounced and flounced for an hour.  Felt really good afterwards.   Semester 2, Week 12, Day 2.   Woke up at about 7:30, tried to do work, but the sun kept calling me.  Went for a bike ride, rode from my place to Jells Park along Scotchman Creek trail, then along Dandenong Creek to Boronia.  It was so nice and pretty and the wind wasn't too bad.  Tail wind on the way back.  Took about 5 hours all up.  Unfortunately I was out longer than I thought I would be.  My arms are really quite pink and I have to have tepid showers.    I came home and watched  Passions .  (Timmy, the witches doll, has had his wish come true because it's Christmas and is now a real boy!)  Worked on my lit review for a few hours.  I wrote my introduction and started to feel really good about it again.    I had drunk so much water that I had to go to the loo every 15 minutes for an hour.  It was quite destracting.  Singing was good.  Went put away our old music from the performance and got  out new music.  We went over Sussex Carol and O Holy Night (that song that Cartman ruins in South Park).  Then went round to Mel, Sascha and Ben's place for dinner.  We were going to have buritoes, but Sasch had put in so much chilli that we got pizza instead.  I didn't feel so good by the end of the night.   Semester 2, Week 12, Day 3.   Didn't sleep well.  Got about three hours sleep before I woke up in pain.  Put some stuff on my arms and legs, but still couldn't sleep.  Ended up reading for about an hour and a half before the words got blurry enough that I felt I would sleep.  Got up at about 8:30, after I heard Hannah leave for her trainig course.  Spent the morning in my nighty and a flanny doing my lit review.  I am now up to 3400 out of 4000 words.  It is due on Monday (next week).  I am going to uni now to hand in a draft for Dirk to review.  I know I'm under, but he always suggests stuff.  Besides, there are a few articles I could try and chase up if needs be.  Invention for the day: An anti-sun ray that removes sunburn, tan lines and freckles.  Cure is better than prevention!