         Good morning all.  Coming to you live via the arts basement of stressed little students and me, your illustrious leader.  This is the second last week of semester.  Scary huh?  Well, probably not for all you worky types.  On a grumble, I'd just like to say that there are two things I really don't care about.  1.  Bali Victims.  (After all, they're 16 year old night clubbers and dense football players!!) 2.  Rugby World Cup.  (I don't even know if it's league or union.... and I don't know how to tell.)   Semester 2, Week 11, Day 5.   Went over my Metaphysics Essay for the nth time.  One of my books has been recalled, again, so I went to Deakin (Burwood) to get another copy with Dave.  Hung out with Jeanie and we went to Chadstone.  I found her shoes too.  (I am on a roll.)  Then went back to her place and watched  You Can't Stop the Murders .  Well, most of it, until the DVD player cracked the sads.   Saturday.   I watched  Rage  and  Video Hits , while looking at Metaphysics Essay for the n+1th time.  Rode to Oakleigh and did some shopping.  Came back, watched  Shine  (which could have been renamed  Dull .)  Then went to Jeanie's place and watched  Ed Wood , which was funny and quite a cute film.  Ended up drinking with people and lounging on the Jeans' bed.  We had seven people on it at one point, but I was falling asleep so I went home.   Sunday.   Got up late.  When I went to watch  Video Hits  stinky car racing was on.  Ended up reading a book by the chick who wrote  Sophie's World .  It purports to be a translation of a letter to Saint Augustine (Saint Monica's son) from the lover he left to join the Church.  I thought it had some interesting ideas, but amateur philosophy (such as  Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance ) leaves me a bit cold.  Her basic tenant seems to be that he cheated and betrayed her for his immortal soul and Lady Abstinence and this has left him a hateful creature who spurns God's creation.  Went around to Jeanie's (again....) and we went to Emerald.  Walked around Emerald Lake and saw Puffing Billy and lots of small children.  We were there to pick up some art Jeanie had entered in a show.  So we walked around the art show for a bit, but it was mostly crappy landscapes.  (Well, they were good landscapes, but who wants to look at that sort of thing unless you're Mary Poppins and you jump in the picture and can run around the beach.)   Semester 2, Week 12, Day 1.   Eeek.  I think most Monday's start with 'Eeek'.  Plans for today include:  1.  Going to Aesthetics and feeling guilty that I haven't done any work on the subject. 2.  Meeting Dirk and talking about my literature review.  Currently it is a brief history of the relationship between love, marriage and sex. 3.  Who knows!!! Frollicking in the sun?  Invention for the day:  Objective Art Viewer.  Then we wouldn't need critics.