         Things are due in today.  Eek!  I had to get up early to make sure I'd get a pc.  Naturally when I walked into the computer lab there was like, three other people.  Metaphysics Essay:  Complete.  5146/4500 words written. Literature Review:  Complete.  4001/4000 words written.   Semester 2, Week 12, Day 5.   Had very sucessful meeting with Dirk regarding literature review.  He said it was pretty good, but it needed structure and tying together with a common theme.  He said I didn't have to read anymore.  Yay.  I don't think I could have if I'd needed to.  We Greek Geeked.  He said I had lots of ideas, I just needed to get them out.  I said I was going mad.  He said Socrates would say I was not going mad.  I said it hurt a lot.  He said I needed to give birth to my ideas.  I said I felt like Zeus, who gave birth to Athene from his head by having someone hit him in the head with an axe.  So I went home and worked on my literature review, drawing diagrams of the various relationships and going slightly mad.  Went to my parents place for dinner.  Had a long chat to them about stuff.  Mentioned David Lewis's theory of possible worlds (what I wrote my Metaphysics Essay on).  Mum couldn't believe that people get paid for that kind of thing!  Dad lent me some books on Saint Paul (which I used for my lit review.)  We discussed at length where I was going to ride with Jeanie on Saturday.   Saturday.   Slept terribly.  Woke up in a blind panic about literature review.  Couldn't think of any common themes to told the piece together.  Eventually fell asleep after convincing myself that everything would be okay.  Got up early, about 7:30, and worked on literature review.  Bashed at brain until thoughts came into place.  Had to get ready for bike ride.   I took Bowie's bike (which Jeanie was going to ride) to the Petrol Station and pumped up the tires.  They were flat central.  Got some breakfast and milk on the way back.  Jeanie came over.  We rode from Clayton to Oakleigh Station.  Took the train to Richmond, then to East Camberwell.  Rode back along the Alamein line and then along Gardners Creek to Forster Road, then through the uni back home.  It was pretty warm by them time we got back.  I was wearing lots of sunscreen.  The Jeans did really well.  Spent the afternoon crashed out on the couch, watching  Bridget Jones's Diary  and  Back to the Future I .  BttF I is my fave movie of all time.  I finally got one of the jokes that I'd never gotten before.  Lou: Are you gonna order something kid. Marty: Yeah, um.  Give me a Tab. Lou: Tab?  I can't give you a Tab unless you order something! Marty: Okay.  Gimme a Pepsi Free. Lou: If you want a Pepsi pal you're going to pay for it. Marty:  Look, just give me something without any sugar. Lou: Something without sugar.... (puts coffee on the bar.)  Now, of course, when he's asking for a Tab, Lou thinks he wants the bill (cheque, if you are American).  I got that bit.  But when Marty asks for a Pepsi Free, it's like Diet Pepsi, Pepsi free of sugar.  But I never got why Lou was so weirded out and said he's have to pay for it.  I just took it for granted that it was obvious Marty wanted a Pepsi without sugar....  Sometimes, I'm just a little slow....  Then it was off to Thorne's birthday dinner and after party chat.  Which was good.   Sunday.   It was only yesterday and I can't remember.  Oh yes.  Got up and watched Video Hits while reading through my literature review (again) and changing what I wrote about Saint Paul (again).  Dave came over and proof read my essays.  Watched  The Living Daylights  because there was crap on tv and went to bed.   Semester 2, Week 13, Day 1.   Last week of semester!!  (Aesthetics essay due in to weeks.  Number of words written: 0.)  Who knows what today will bring?  Plans for the day include:  1. Handing in narty essays (Metaphysics and Lit Review) 2. Going to Melbourne Uni and returning books. 3. Generally hanging out in the city.  Invention for the day:  Library shoot in every home that you can return books into and they go along little tubes to the right library.