         Woah, okay.  Someone hasn't blogged in a week.  And it's not for want of a computer either.  I have been near one, it's just all alone and isolated and not connected to the greater outside world.  A bit like me sometimes.   Semester 2, Week 13, Day 5.   Last day of semester.    I worked on my aesthetics essay.  Played the piano.  Painted twenty nails, ten with four coats (fingers) and ten with two coats (toes.)    Went and saw my parents.  Handed back the books on St Paul I borrowed from Dad and managed to avoid discussing philosophy of love with an  agapist .  Went swimming with Jeanie, Kellie and Josh.  Then sat in spa and steam room.  After that, dinner at Singapore Hut followed by cups of tea at my place.  Rabbitted on about Plotinus... but only after being asked!   Saturday.   I could have been dressed before Jeanie rocked up, if I'd tried.  Went riding with Jeanie.  We rode through Monash to Forster Road then along Scotchman/Gardner's Creek to Jell's Park.  Then from Jell's Park along the Dandenong Creek Trail to Dandenong.  Train from Dandenong to Westall (all zone 3) and then home.  Had a great talk to Jeans.  Attempted to have a snooze during the after noon.  Chatted to Hannah's family who were over baking Cookies for the Cookie Monster/Hannah Monster Birthday Party.  Got ready for party.  Had dinner and beer with Jeanie and Matt.  Went to party.  Came back from party and was hung over....   Sunday.   Shook and threw up.  Rang up Jeanie to say was not going tree planting as could not remove head from pillow.  Slept in until about 1:00.  Wow.  Got a lift from Hannah to go and get  my car.  Came back after brief chat to the Jeans and Matt and watched three movies before going to bed.  (Watched  Bridget Jones' Diary ,  The Ten Commandments   (but not the bit that has the ten commandments in it, I'm really only in it until Pharoah actually let's His people go) and  Mission Impossible II  (I didn't realise it was II, having seen neither of them, I didn't have my glasses on so the title looked like a fuzzy I, I'd been told bad things about II).   Exam Period, First Monday.   (Not that I have any exams....)  Aesthetics essay.  Piano.  Spent the afternoon getting groceries and stuff.   Exam Period, First Tuesday   Essay.  Cracked sads around noon.  David came over and looked at essay.  It was bad.  Really bad.  Unbelievably unsalvagable.  Bad.  Like, incoherent and no point.  Bad.  Blurted out ideas while David took notes.  Went to singing.  We sang the stuff we went over last week, plus  Silient Night  and  Carol of the Drum (The Little Drummer Boy) .  Came home and removed 2300 words from essay.  Ouchies!  Replaced with 500 words about the Soul.  Now up to 1800 words.   Exam Period, First Wednesday.   Essay.  Essay a lot.  Wrote 2100 words.  All day.  At one point I had a shower.  At some other point I got something to eat.  At no point was the piano touched.   Exam Period, First Thursday.   Managed to  make appointment to see accountant regarding tax.  Phew.  Sat and watched tv with Hannah.  Managed to remove oneself from couch to go and blog, check email and stuff.  Intend to go to circuit and get out some books for Kellie and Jeanie, they are interested in Aesthetics (poor fools...)  Invention for the day:  Some kind of Hoover like device that makes great ideas articulate.  A manual car that doesn't stall would be handy too.