         I think it's great to see the weather finally starting to behave like weather should.   Exam Period, Second Tuesday - Cup Day.   Woke up at 5:30am  (no alarm, just woke up).  Got ready and put bike in car.  Drove to parents place in Templestowe.  Rode with Dad along Main Yarra Trail to city.  Rode to St Kilda along the bay.  Rode back.  86km, 5hrs of riding.  We left at 8:30am and got back at 4:15pm.  Went home.  Had shower.  Singing.  Slept.   Exam Period, Second Wednesday.   Woke up at 5:30am (again).  Read until about 6:30.  Started to drift off to sleep, but alarm went off at 7:00.  Lay in bed for an hour.  Got up, had shower and got ready.  Removed bike from car, ineligantly.  Looked down at bike lying on the road, looked at shin sporting two new parellel scratches from where the forky hooky bits that go around the front axel had removed some of my skin.  Admired blood.  Drove to Black Road, was fitted for a new bike.  (New bike, new bike, new bike.... to the tune of  More Beer .)  He was very tall and all legs - and just a little scary.  I am inflexible in the legs and my upper spine curves a little.  Wow.  My shoulders are also a little uneven, but that's what happens when you break your collar bone I guess.  Then drove to Murrumbeen Station and went into city.  I got to go on one of the new trains.  Oooh.  You can see all the way down them (well, half the way down, they're in two sections of three carriages).  Went to Allens, bought sheet music.  Walked up to Jeanie's building (447) and walked back down again.  Lunch with Jeanie.  Shopping with the Jeans.  I bought a $2 skirt.  (It was $4, but they were having a 50% off sale.)  Train back was not as exciting.  Then and now I'm at Monash Uni.  No plans for Thursday and Friday.  Bit lame.  Oh, according to Dad, supposed to go bike shopping.  Invention for the day:  An emailing system that can sense the mood of your email and inserts appropriate greetings and saluatations so you don't have to spend ages wondering if "cheers" is appropriate and should you use your last name.