         I'm free, I'm free.  And this little kid walks past and says, "Bad luck, mister.  I'm four."  Well, now that I've given away the punch line to that joke, we can begin.   Exam Period, First Friday.   Finished Aesthetics Essay.  Had it proof read and then ran around uni trying to find a printer that worked.  I finished.  I finished.  (Only a whole semester to go....)  Got back my Lit Review.  I didn't write a conclusion.... but I still got a HD.  Conclusion: I so rock.  Went to Jeanie's place and watched 1940s version of  Jane Eyre  with Mr Wells in it.   Saturday.   Woke up really depressed.  No essay to write.  Woke up early too.  Like at 7:00.  It's just wrong.  Sat around and watched  Rage  until it finished.  Even watched the horrid songs that I'd usually switch over at.  But there was nothing to switch to.  All very sad.  Dallied on the piano for a while, but didn't really feel like it.  Attempted to have a snooze.  Decided at about 1:00 that with only seven hours to go, will get ready for party.  So I went and had a bath and soaked for a while.  Then I dyed my hair black (it was a Halloweeeeen party).  That took a while.  Then it was shower time.  Washed black out of hair and off skin.  (I read in  Cosmo  or something that cigarette ash will remove hair dye from skin, but this isn't something I was to test empirically.)  Then I sat around with a towel on my head and painted my nails.  Then I had to wait for my nails to dry (only three coats and no toes, because was going to wear big boots) before I could remove said towel.  When I removed towel, hair was fluffy central.  Decided to emphasis fluff.  Got ready for party (like the dressing and make up part) and went had dinner with Jeanie and Matt.  Watched three hours of bad bad  Disco Max .  Went to party.  Which was great.  Was not terribly tipsy ditsy thing, though at one point I launched myself at a bed (we were all sitting around in the coat room) and kept sliding along and fell down the other side.  I was not embodying the Form of Elegance (it's a Plato joke).  Got a lift back to Jeanie's (where car was) then drove to Bi-Lo and did some shopping.  Had to put my jacket on so I looked decent.  Made a cuppa tea, read until about 2:30 and went to sleep.   Sunday.   Got up at about 10:00.  Went riding with Jeanie.  I am really impressed at how quickly she's taken to this riding thing.  So we rode from my place along North Road to the bay.  Then north along the Bay Trail to Port Melbourne, where we encountered a nasty side wind that blew grit into our faces.  Not so pleasant.  Then into the city along the Light Rail line.  Had lunchies at South Bank.  Then road along the Main Yarra Trail, Gardner's Creek and Scotchman Creek to home again.  All good.  I think we must have done about 60km.    Fell asleep in front of the tv last night and woke up to the end of Australian Idol.  What's really bad is that I must have slept through the rest of it.  Then I was too asleep to do anything about the fact that I knew it was Australian Idol but I couldn't change the channel....  Yuck.  Saw Guy (the one with the big hair) sing that  Climb Every Mountain  song from  Sound of Music .  Then watched  Temple of Doom , my least fave Dr Jones story.  Hannah came home (it was her birthday, still to get her something because I couldn't get the thing I wanted to get) and assembled her DVD shelf to go with her DVD player and her DVDs.  We put some VHS in there too, I don't think that's wrong.   Exam Period, Second Monday.   That's today!  Well, plans for today include:  1. Go to account and sought out nasty taxation. 2. Go see Kellie and watch that pirate film with Mr Depp that everyone keeps going on about. 3. Bouncies (Aerobics).  Plans for tomorrow include:  1.  Going to my parents. 2.  Riding a LOT with Dad along Main Yarra Trail from Templestow to City and back (about 80km). 3.  Singing.  Plans for Wednesday include:  1.  Getting fitted for new bike (a currently uninstatiated property) from Mr Kennedy.  They measure you up and give you a list of what stats you require in a bike.  Then they charge you $85 for the privledge.  Yay.  It is really worth while if you are planning on riding a lot (like you will be spending more than 3 hours at a time on a bike.) 2. Lunchies with Jeans. 3. Frollicking in the predicted warm weather until predicted cool change.  Plans for rest of the year include:  1.  Lots of parties. 2.  Great Vic Bike Ride (from Mt Hotham to Mornington this year). 3.  Christmas.  Invention for the day:  Internet banking accounts that you can access telepathically, rather than having to find somewhere to use the internet.  Gawd, what a rip off.  Talk about inconvenient.