         I don't dread Monday's the way I used to.  Maybe it's because the TV is better and the shops are open.  Nah....  To continue on from Thursday, went bike riding with Benji along Scotchman, Gardners and the Yarra to Punt Road.  Rode back again.  Went and picked up Kellie, went to Circuit training.  Was stuffed.    Went to Jeanie's and had dinner with her.  Home.  Slept.   Exam Period, Second Friday.    Spent the morning doing domestic chores that had been neglected during hectic Aesthetic Essay writing period.  Put away lots of clothes, cleaned things, re-arranged furniture and did a few loads of washing.  Yay.  Went to my parents place after lunch.  Went shopping with Mum and bought two pairs of knicks (padded bike pants that one does not wear knickers with).  Took the new bike for a ride with Dad round Templestow.  Only did about 9km.  It was great.  Rode up some special hills and made it without dying.  It's a great bike.  Yummmmmm.  Had dinner with Selina (sister) Mum and Dad.  Sat around while they watched  Kath and Kim .  I said that they were bogans and Mum asked what a bogan was.  I said that they were lower lower class.  Mum said they weren't.  But they ARE!!!!  Dad showed me what to do to get the wheels of the bike off, they have disc brakes so you have to insert the disk between the brakes before fastening everything up.  It's all good.  Put the bike in the car, went home, took bike out of car, re-assembled, put bike in garage.  Slept, not very well.   Saturday.   Woke up early again.  Went and watched  Rage .  Went to Century City Walk (aka The Glen) and watched  Matrix III  with Kellie, David, Emily, David, Jeanie, Matt, Michael, Tim, Josh and Scott (in no particular order).  Many of whom were hung over.  Matrix was good.  Went to the  Pancake Palour  and chatted about movie.  Took the Jeans to Le Knicks on Beach Road, Black Rock and she bought a pair of knicks too.  This is a decision she would not regret.  Then we went to East Camberwell just to check I knew how to get from the station to the bike path.  Drove Jeanie home.  Rang Sascha and caught up with him.  Their house has been sold and they are looking for a new one.  Went and got ready for the Philosophy Honours Students We've Finished Cocktail Extravaganza.  It was in Berwick, so I got to drive down the new bit of the Monash Freeway.  Oooh.  Over dressed and under dressed (I was cold and too formal).  Marie-Rose, (the chick whom I was closest to and who was hosting) said I looked great.  I didn't drink because I was going bike riding the next day.  Ended up spending most of my time in the laundry with Marie-Rose's boy, Cain, and her mum's pregnant cat who was in labour.  Don't know how many kittens she had, because I left at about midnight.   Sunday.   Went riding with Jeanie, Matt, Josh, Benji and Damien.  We met at my place, rode to Huntingdale.  Took the train from Huntingdale to Richmond, Richmond to East Camberwell.  Rode along the Anniversary Trail to where it meets the Main Yarra Trail.  Rode along there until we got to Westerfolds park.  Had lunch at the Mia Mia gallery.  Rode back again.  Bumped into my Dad on the way back which was fairly freaky.  He was riding with a bunch of people too.  Went back on the train.  Everyone had a pretty good time.  The new bike is still great, though covered in dust.  Had a shower and got ready for dinner.  Walked to Kellie and Dave's place, had dinner with them and David and Emily.  It was really nice.  Great food and wine.  Got a lift home and lent Emily  Bring Me To Life  sheet music.  Was tired, went straight to bed and managed to sleep the entire night.   Exam Period, Third Monday.   Today.  Caught up with Hannah by chatting to her all morning.  Had not seen her since Friday.  Don't know what I'm going to do for the rest of the day/week/year.  Invention for the day:  Something to do idea generator with 100% accuracy guarentee.