         One week until GVBR (Great Vic Bike Ride).  Yay.  580km of pain and torture.  No, it will be fun!  Starting to have a small life crisis as the result of having to make decisions.  Like, what am I going to do after Honours.  The FORBIDDEN question.  I don't know.  I was happy not knowing.  Now I think I should know.  My marks (see below) are not good enough to get a sholarship.  Yeah, I'm getting firsts, but they're not high firsts.  I still have some computer skills to fall back on, I'm sure.  Sigh.  I think I'm just too bored and have been moping a lot.  Boredom, such luxury.  Singing was pretty busy on Tuesday.  We are preparing for our performances.  Carols.... again.  I saw a sign outside Target and was amazed at the number of days to go.  I have done nothing.  I am somehow proud of this.   Exam Period, Fourth Wednesday.   It was 35 degrees today.  I went bike riding.  I rode from my place, to Jells park, to Heathmont, back to Jells park, to Dandenong.  About 60 km I guess.  It was great.  It was hot.  Came home and had very cold shower.  The tip of my nosey got burnt.  I ran out of sunscreen (I reapplied twice).  Had a snooze and turned on the air conditioning.  Mmm, must be summer.   Exam Period, Fourth Thursday.   Woke up early, but then went back to bed for three hours.  Bliss.  In the mail I got my tax return, went into uni.  Checked my mail.  Found out the essays were back.  Went and collected my essays.  The marks I got were just, fair and dissappointing.  "Ainsley, you have good ideas, but they are not completely thought through" would be a good summary of the comments.  At least I put conclusions in these essays (not like my literature review.)  I got a HD for Metaphysics and a D for Aesthetics.  Went to the Glen, did some shopping, depositted tax return.  Went to Aussie Disposals to look at sleeping bags, tents, mattress rolls and the like for GVBR (Great Vic Bike Ride).  I figure I will use the stuff, so I might as well own it.  Went out to Philosophy Honours and Post Grad dinner on Bridge Road.  Had great Lebonese food and conversation.  Found out one guy got a 91 for honours, including 95 for his thesis.  Spitting.  He's just completely enthused and 100% committed (he reminds me of Alex, really out going, friendly and utterly committed.)  Dinner was okay.  Ate more than I should (like I felt ill, not in the diet sense).  Came home, read, slept.   Exam Period, Fourth Friday.   Today.  Spent this morning chatting to Hannah about Life, the Universe and bad tv.  Went and saw Toby and asked if he had any ideas for turning good ideas into better essays.  He was a little helpful.  Went and just saw Dirk.  He has suggested some things for starting to write my thesis.  He really liked my Metaphysics Essay.  (He was also the second marker on my Aesthetics Essay, so I'd better not tick him off.)  Invention for the day: Argument Wall that allows arguments to be bounced off, rather than having to use an actual person.  Should be big enough so that it can be driven up.