         Public apologies for not turning up to Alex's Engagement Party on Saturday.  I'm sure you all had a great time.  I have come to a number of conclusions since I last wrote.  Firstly, based on empirical evidence and reasoning to the best explanation, I have concluded that I am a god.  There's no better explanation for the powers I have.  Let me explain.  I believe I am the God of Wind.  All I need is a bicycle to direct it.  No matter which way I turn I always have a head wind.  If I ride somewhere, on the way there I have a head wind and on the way back I have a head wind.  Wind farmers should employ me to ride around their farms.  They'd clean up!  Secondly, I need more clothes.  Well, one's that fit would be nice.  I mean, sure, the size 14 skirt I bought at the op shop doesn't look too bad on, but it's not supposed to be a hipster skirt.  Thirdly, sunscreen works.  I know because I am burnt in the bits I missed.   Exam Period, Third Friday.   Slept in a bit.  Bummed around all morning.  Played lots of piano, listened to CDs through the DVD player to discover that as the DVD's connected to the VCR and the VCR's connected to the TV that it comes out mono.  Spewin'.  Started packing stuff for trip away and went and picked up Sascha from his place.  Took Sasch to a Post Office so he could pay rent.  Went back to his place and got stuff from his house.  Went to my place and had lunch, chatter, ate, had tv on but it was boring as.  It was about 1:00 and we weren't meeting Benji until 7:30.  Decided to pick up Benji from Bundoora, rather than waiting around.  This reduced the time available by two hours.  Excellent.  Drove to Sascha's place to get things he'd forgotten.  Drove to Warringal Plaza and bought lunchy stuff for trip to Venus Bay.  Had a cup of coffee.  Mmmm.  Went to Bundoora and picked up Benji.  Drove back to his place.  Sat around while he packed.  Rang Jeanie, turned out that Matt wasn't back yet.  So we loaded up the car and went and bummed at her place for a bit.  Watched crappy tv and wandered around until Matt came back.  Matt eventually arrived and we began our epic journey to Venus Bay.  Stopped off at Grantville and had dinner at about 8:30.  Only Rick's Fish was open.  I had my first pumpkin fritter.  When we got there we unpacked and sat around for a while, then most people went to bed.  I stayed up talking to Sascha and Benji.  Benji made the mistake of asking about my thesis, so I TOLD him what it was about.  He didn't mind.   Saturday.   Went to bed at about 2:30am.  Got up at 5:50am.  Went to the beach with Benji and Sascha.  Walked along beach and back again.  It was really pretty and the sun was just coming up.  Back to the Holiday House at about 7:30, and the Jeans was up.  We had breaky and chatter as people were getting up.  Then eventually we snapped into gear and went to Wilson's Prom.  It took about 1hr 15mins to get to Wilson's Prom.  If one is following Emily's David it is enivitable that one will speed just a little.  I guess he did just have coffee.  At the prom (which was lovely, it was about 30 degrees) we walked from Tidal River south around to Little Oberon Bay.  It was about 90 minutes, including walking along the beach before the start of the trail.  The heat was relieved by occasional sea breezes.  The ocean was green in some places and the sand was really white.  Had lunchies and sat around re-applying sunscreen before running into water.  I knew it would be cold so I went straight in.  Jeans was a bit more timid and got splashed up the front by a giant wave.  After standing there and swearing (which was so worth seeing) she came in too.  We figured out that if we stood in the rip it was warmer.  Damn irony.  The walk back was little harder for some.  But some of us went down the Lookout path for a bit, before coming back and overtaking again.  It was all good.  I found driving back to Venus Bay a bit of a strain and by the time we got back it was like 6:00 and I was stuffed.  We had pizza for tea.  Yum.  Sat around more talking and drinking and managed to make it to midnight before slinking off to bed.     Sunday.   Woke up at 7:30 but didn't organise trip to beach as it had clouded over.  Sat drinking oodles of tea as people emerged from slumber and made their way to the kitchen table.  At about 10:30 we went for a walk to Smythe Point, which is the tip of the penisular that forms the bay.  We would have gone all the way, but the path had collapsed into the beach.  Came back, had lunchies, packed up and went home.  Drove home via Coronet Bay and Corinella (where I used to live when I did VCE).  Dropped off Sascha at his place, brought his stuff into the car.  Well most of it.  Went to Benji's.  Found all the stuff that Sascha had left in the car.  Took some of that in too.  Went in for a cuppa tea and a chat.  Eventually went home and collapsed into small pile of exhausted Ainsley.   Exam Period, Fourth Monday.   (This all sounds so Christian.  27th Ordinary Sunday, 3rd Sunday of Lent etc.)  Yes, what did I do.  Ah yes.  Went bikeling into the city.  Rode along North Road, along the Bay to Port Melbourne and then along the Creeks to get home.  Took 3.5 hours with a few little stops but no major breaks.  Had lunch.  Had a snooze.  Went to the Jeans' place and chatted.  Went to Aerobics and suffered.  It was so hot.  Went back to Jeans' and watched  Queer Eye for the Straight Guy .  Home, dinner and bed.   Exam Period, Fourth Tuesday.   Not sure yet.  I got dressed and came to uni, what more do you want.  I need to do some shopping and I want to buy a new sleeping bag.  Got my stuff from Bicycle Victoria for the Great Vic Bike Ride.  Should be most excellent.  It's coming up real soon now.  Invention for the day:  Small time machine device that comes up pink as you are applying sunscreen to show you all the places you've missed while you are still standing in the bath room.  As you apply the sunscreen to the pink bits, they won't get burnt, so the pinkness dissappears.  Bra tan lines just aren't classy!