         Ricki's topic: Transexuals Exposed Jerry's topic: Torrid tales of prostitution  Today I feel like crap.  Despite Melbourne's unaccountable sunny disposition, it was really hard to leave the house.  So I hope you all appreciate this.  I found the mysterious third volume control and now, once again, have music.  I don't know, I guess I am past the age of being able to program a VCR now.  But I never could anyway (not being that addicted to any particular show, I never found it necessary, besides, who isn't home at 6:00 to watch the Simpsons anyway?)  I had played with the volume on the operating system and the tape player, how was I to know the MP3 software had a control too?  No email regarding time table.  I am starting to sound like Adrian Mole going on about the giro, so I will stop complaining and just turn up on Monday.  I got a letter from Monash, I now owe about $1,500 for one semester (includes the option to pay up front HECS and the 25% discount.)  That's not too bad, I just hope I get value for money out of the amenities fee.    As an honours student I have the best library privledges (well, better than just being a normal undergrad).  I can borrow like 30 things, for four weeks and renew them up to six times (as long as no one else wants them)  That means you can borrow a book for the entire semester....    I am not sure that it's not just a bit scary that I'm excited by this.  All I have to do is get the real Honours Co-ordinator to sign a little slip to confirm that I really am an honours student.  (Every now and then technology slips and I am reduced to handing around bits of paper.  Why couldn't it just be on my student card?  Like my gym membership).  Today's tasks include such prestigious things as: Pick up boots from shoe repair people Take suits of illustrious boyfriend to dry cleaners  Wow, if I had kids I could be like a house wife or something.  Still pounding my brain through Nussbaum.  I am a terrible hair fiddler, (someone recently pointed out that the recognised me in a car because I was fiddling with my hair before they recognised the car...) and I have discovered that I read more effectively if I tie my hair back so that I don't fiddle with it and day dream instead of concentrating on the medical analogy of Lucretius poem or something.  (Fiddling includes general trwisting, putting up and platting.  I could cut it short (again) but I would still find a way.)  Invention for the day: Remote control the allows flicking through topics on Jerry Springer if current topic is boring.