         I have an appointment to see an optomitrist in about 35 minutes.  In the mean time I squint painfully at the screen...  Went to Stonehenges house cooling on Friday which was pretty cool.  Danced heaps and spent two hours have deep and meaningful conversation with Penny.   Saturday.   SFA.  (Sweet F All).  It was grey and miserable.  Too much tv.  Eventually I went to the Jeans' place.  Went went to Justin's 21st and Vivienne's House Warming.  Sleepy.   Sunday.   Bike riding with the Jeans.  Rode into the city, out to Port Melbourne, up to West Gate Park, back along the bay with really nasty head wind.  Coming back along North Road I got a bit of grit in my eye.  Had to get a lift home from Jeans's dad, Les.  (Lucky I was carrying my phone.)   Managed to fit Les, Jeans, me and two bikes in a little Mazda 121.  Very impressed.  Still have to put the wheels back on the bikes.   Went home had a shower.  Lay in bed listening to the radio and dozing.  Had another shower.  Went to Wolfenstein for dinner.    Monday.   Everything is over now.  No more exams or anything.  People just seem to come into uni for fun, or work.  Or something.  Went to the doctors re: eye.  It still wasn't better.  Hannah gave me a lift to Monash. Doctor dyed it yellow and had a peek and flushed it and stuff.  She said I had a bit of damage to the cornea but it should be okay in a day.  She said if it wasn't, to go to the optomitrist.  So guess what? ....  Sat around doing not a lot because couldn't read, drive or walk anywhere.  The wind and sun really irritate it and I can't even go bikeling.  Sigh.  Watched Buffy, had a bath, had a snooze.  Sat around a lot.  Went to Wolfenstein for dinner with bunch o' people.  It was really nice.  Met two new people, Jeff and Rob.  Also caught up with people I had not seen in ages.  It was all good.   Tuesday.   Today.  Nothing much so far.  The future holds the following: Optomitrist.  Buy things for GVBR.  Singing.  It will be my last rehearsal before performing - I will miss the final rehearsal.  Oh no!  Should be okay.  I've done the carols for a couple of years now.  Invention for the day:  Removable eye balls that can be cleaned under running water and an eye socket vacuum cleaner.  Ew!