         All is quiet on new years day....  Benji's household had a pretty massive party at their place last night.  There are still about ten non-household cars out the front and in neighbouring streets that belong to sensible party goers who found creative ways of returning home.  I was not really in the mood for a party at all.  The state of my arm means that I get tired really easily and I certiainly didn't feel like explaining a bizillion times what happened to my arm.  So, before the party I made up a sheet of twenty things that didn't happen to my arm.  When someone asked (which almost everyone did) I got them to pick a number between one and twenty and gave them the appropriate response.  Here they are:  1.	A giant hippo fell from a tree and landed on it 2.	A really big mosquito bit me 3.	I was attacked by a swarm of kama kazi homing pigeons 4.	I was surfing on a wind turbine and I fell off 5.	Magpies stole the rest of my arm 6.	A small colony of space aliens started to use it as a base camp and I had to have them removed 7.	A drop bear, need I say more? 8.	A lemming was blocking me and then it suddenly exploded near my arm 9.	I was trampled my a herd of charging pygmy elephants 10.	Lars Ulrich mistook my arm for a drum stick and tried to remove it 11.	I attempted to prevent Cookie Monster from eating a cookie 12.	I was standing on the toilet hanging a clock.  The porcelain was wet and I slipped and broke my arm on the sink 13.	Dingo ate my arm 14.	Benji said I was mostly armless 15.	The piano got sick of me hitting it and called the domestic assault line.  In the scuffle with the police that followed my arm was broken 16.	Had to obtain special consideration somehow 17.	Macbeth, my cat, wanted some love.  A lot 18.	Joined a club, but I’m not supposed to talk about it 19.	A freak change in the political winds 20.	I told my parents everything  At about 10:30 (I'd been there for an hour) I'd had enough and went and hid in Benji's room for the remainder of the party.  Lame.  Invention for the day: Self keeping New Years resolutions.  (Perhaps some kind of refridgeration device is required.)