         Sufficient stuff has happened to me that I feel it worth while expending some effort on expounding it to the universe at large.  I am currently typing one handed... long story.   Key thing:   I have a new man... Benji.  He is marvellous.  I am REALLY happy.  People see us and go on about how happy we are.  Some people just want to generally vomit at us.  We take this as a compliment.   Where I am:   Benji's parent's farm in South Gippsland.  The lead up to Christmas involved a lot of trying to stay cool during the day (by undertaking such tasks as going to Chadstone and buying presents or sitting in air conditioning and wrapping presents) and seeing Benji in the evenings.  We had two singing performances and have visited people.  Christmas was pretty good.  Went to my parents place the Sunday before Christmas and had lunch and presents with them.  It was all good, they only tormented me a little.  Christmas Day was spent at the farm, opening presents and being dinked around the farm on a 200cc dirt bike.  I got to jump off to open gates a lot.  Once I was closing the gate and I felt this massive thump in my chest and I jumped and screamed.  I now know what 5000 volts of electric fence feels like.  I was okay, more surprised than hurt.  I also got the tour of some of the closer local thingies to look at, such as Mt Best and Agnes Falls.  Mt Best had Benji's old primary school, I got to see the roof he fell off...  Boxing Day was eventful.  Ha.  Benji and I went down to Turtons Creek and saw a water fall there.  It was excellent and lots of fun to drive around some steep, curvy, gravelly roads.  The creek was very pretty and the surrounding ferns were really cool.  I particularly liked the way that the water reflected to create dappled light underneath the ferns.  Then we went on the bike again to Scanels Road and saw the new bridge, which had replaced the previous evil bike eating bridge of doom.  The we went up to the end of the road and saw the ruins of this old house.  Then back to the farm.  I had expressed an interest in learning to ride the motorcycle, so we went up to one of the back paddocks and I managed to ride around for a bit.  The first time I took off I was completely out of control with Benji running behind yelling "Clutch!  Clutch!"  But I didn't come off and I went round a few more times.  Benji said that it was important to jump clear if the bike fell.  It was much easier once I got it into second gear, because the accelerator is much less sensitive, and I was beginning to feel pretty good about the whole thing.  I drove around a few times with Benji standing in the middle.  I was stopped and straddling the bike and Benji wanted me to turn it around so I could ride around the circle the other way.  But I turned it too hard and the bike became too heavy for me.  Suddenly the weight of the bike is too much and it's falling.  I remember wrenching at the handle trying to stop it from falling and I remember Benji running towards me yelling "Jump!".  I jumped.  I managed to fallmostly clear of the bike.  It had fallen left, and my left foot was still under the bike when Benji got to me.  He was worried I'd crushed my foot or ankle, however, it had been under the seat and it was fine.  I pulled it out from under the bike.  Benji turned it off and stood it up.  The bike was fine.  I was concerned about my right knee, which had fallen across the bike.  But it is okay, though a bit tender with some bruising.  My left wrist hurt a bit too.  We sat in the paddock for a bit, while we both recovered from a bit of shock and I said my knee and wrist hurt.  We decided I couldn't dink back on the bike, so I walked back while Benji took the bike back.  After a while my wrist really started to hurt and we went inside and I wrapped it in frozen peas while we played Simpson Trivia.  A few hours later and my wrist still hurt a lot.  Benji and I went to the hospital at Foster (which I was last at for Liam's knee when he got a massive hunk of wood in it at the prom) and waited for a while to see a doctor.  I was feeling drowsy and kind of nauseous by this point, so I was lying on a bed talking a bunch of crap.  The doctor saw me and didn't think it was fractured.  He wanted to strap it and see it on Monday.  But I had planned on going camping the next day with Jeans, so he said he'd better x-ray it.  Had to wait for the x-ray machine to warm up (another 20 minutes) then he nuked me twice.  I had to put my arm out at two angles that really hurt and hold still.  Had a look at the x-rays and everything looked okay, except that the end of the outer bone of my arm was fractured.  So, 6 weeks of plaster over summer, here I am.  Joy and rapture.  Had to call Jeanie and tell her I wasn't going camping.  Haven't told my parents yet.  Then yesterday we had to go into Foster to have the cast checked, but it was too loose.  So he sawed off the first one and put the second one on (the cast's understudy - it was recast).   Hung around Foster for a bit before and after being recast.  Got a fridge magnet.  Saw the other back part of the farm and in the evening we went and watched the sun set while seeing Toora and the prom.  Most excellent, though rather cold.  I can only wear one of the tops I bought as all the others have sleeves that are too tight for my arm.  So I was wrapped in two jackets.  That evening we watched some videos (  Black Books , way funny) but my hand was really aching and tingling.  The cast was too tight.  So Benji's dad got some pruning scissors and cut at the back of my hand (which hurt a bit) to free up some space.  I can now wriggle my fingers a bit.  This morning it was back to the hospital to watch the fish in the waiting room and to have the plaster checked.  Different doctor this morning and he was pretty happy with things.  I have to see a doctor on Friday, just so they can confirm everything's okay.  Today Benji took me driving up to Mt Fatigue which also was a lovely view.  My hair has gone skanky and washing is a chore.  I can't do up my shoe laces or open things.  Gripping is still painful, so I am almost completely only using one hand.  Though this morning I managed to hold my tooth brush with my left hand while applying tooth paste.  Invention for the day: Instant bone mending machine - based on ray technology.  (Or water proof casts, which ever's easier.)