         "God, give us grace to accept with serenity the things that cannot be changed, courage to change the things which should be changed, and the wisdom to distinguish the one from the other."  - Reinhold Niebuhr (1892 - 1971), in a sermon in 1943  On Saturday the serenity kicked in.  I am getting over ruined summers, missed riding days and swimming opportunities, tunes that cannot be played and aerobics sessions that are missed.  I have done nothing towards my thesis either... (Shhh)  I have been feeling better about  (getting used to) only being able to use one hand.  I have stopped hating the fact that I can't cut a muffin in half and got on with the business of making the best cup of tea this side of the Prince Hwy.  I just leave the muffins to Benji.  (Big thanks to Benji, Jeans and Hannah.)   I haven't been doing an awful lot.  I borrowed videos from the Jeans and have been watching those.  Oodles of naps too.  This seems odd, but I am very tired a lot (according to my mother, it is probably because I am an evil vegetarian who doesn't take care of herself...)  My theory is that I am not doing much anyway and the body needs rest to heal.  If I sleep a lot, that's cool.  It's more hours in the day when I am not in pain.  (I am in less pain now that the cast is fitted correctly.)  Yesterday I went to   Chadstone  (the fashion capital) by myself.  I took the bus.  I must confess I have not done that in a while (years), which is odd, because you get the best parking spot.  I just found out it has over 8500 parking spots.  (Yeah, and with just under 400 stores they are probably mostly used by staff...)  I bought some lip balm from  The Body Shop .  That was my mission, and I achieved!  Today I went to Chaddy (the fashion capital) with Benji.  Did stuff.  (In case you are aliens, I should explain.  Chadstone (Chaddy for short) is a giant building where small amounts of soul (in the form of cash or credit) can be exchanged at a marked up rate for goods and services that are just fun to look at and no-one actually needs.  The people on the other side of the exchange feel that they can get away with charging a marked up rate because they a) make it so you don't have to get wet and b) make everything really, really bright and shiny.  Bright and shiny implies clean, new, good quality and great value.  Whether these attributes are actually posessed by the good is irrelevant.  The brightness and shininess makes it fun just to look, but there is always the danger that the goods will be so bright and so shiny that (like a magpie) one is compelled to swoop into the store and make an immediate exchange even if one shall not receive any more bits of soul until next Thursday.  During the Christmas Season this changes completely... people don't care what shiny things they come home with or how much soul it takes, as long as they have the same number of shiny things as the number of people on their list.)  I am half tempted to wear my sling even when my arm is better.  People get out of your way much more quickly.  I don't know if it's because they suspect I've been in a fight or they just feel sorry for a 25 year old walking around looking like a 5 year old in a cast.  But whatever it is, it works.  We should all wear one.  Invention for the day: Public transport that lets you ride depending on the amount of good will you extend towards the bus driver.  I could have gone to Ballarat.