         Things have been looking up a little since I last wrote (one haned... still.)  The end is in sight.  Only one more weekend and several more weekdays (9) until I see the doctor again.  (And he tells me to go and get more x-rays and it's still broken...)  I seem to have gotten my brain back.  To explain: my brain went away due to intense stress and pain (and neurofen) and I couldn't really think.  Getting my brain back means that I have started to think about my thesis and have even written some stuff (slowly) to send to Dirk (illustrious supervisor).  Which is GOOD.  Okay, what have I been doing....   Wednesday  I had lunch in the city with Jeans.  Saw freaky evil new Melbourne Central.  Very scary. I recommend a quick squiz, but leave your wallet on the train or something.  Had a snooze.   Thursday  I got my brain back and started writing.  Went to Monash with Mel and got some books from the library (which I've had before but wanted again).  Benji came home early and sold his brother's motorbike (his brother is in the US selling ski tickets and needed the money).  No snoozes.   Friday  I surfed the net and dinked around on the keyboard that is used for singing.  Had a snooze.  Then we (Benji and I) went to Toora, to his folks farm).   Saturday  and  Sunday  was spent in around the farm.  Went driving around Toora (this involved me steering and saying "second" "third" a lot to Benji who obligingly changed gears, it was fun.  I miss driving).  Had a snooze.  Went for a walk all the way up the back of the farm along a public "road".  Had a snooze.  Benji took me for a ride on a 4 wheel motocycle - which I did not fall off.  Went to Foster market.  We came back Sunday and had dinner with Jeans.   Monday  I went walking with Jeans along part of the Dandenong Creek trail (which I have ridden many a time, but not yesterday.)  (I miss riding...)  No snoozes.   Today  I will do at least one constructive thing that is not snoozing.  Honest.  Invention for the day:  Small stress ball that one squeezes and it removes the necessity for a snooze.  (I suppose there is  No Doze , but I like the idea of medication delivered via stress ball.)