          Yesterday.   Still haven't decided on my party.  Went down to the beach at the end of Warrigal Road.  It was cold and windy.  Panicked (cried) at Benji about Honours and my continued lack of typing.  Very depressing.  Feel very useless sometimes.  It's the little things that no-one tells you about it that get me.  Like all the pink bits on your palm and fingers are callouses and when you don't use it for a bit it all washes away in huge clumps and then your hand is really sensitive when you use it again.  On the plus side, I can use my hand to hold shampoo again.   Semester 1, Week 2, Day 2.   Victory Wiggle for the day: Did up my bra from behind for the first time this year.  Still haven't decided on my party.  According to the scales I have gained a bit of weight (less than 10% of my previous weight, but not much less.)  Not really surprised seeing I have been doing almost zero exercise and eating a fair bit.  I can now watch the plot in  Passions  progress twice as fast.  Discovered it is on at 9:30 (instead of  Ricky ) and at its usual 3:00 spot.  Timmy is still around and the scroll projected a hologram Charity which told him to use the Book of Spells to help free Charity from the ice.  Meanwhile, Zombie Charity has decided to sleep with Migall (or whatever his name is) who was going out with Charity until she was trapped in ice, even though Kay (who is trying to get Migall and invoked Zombie Charity in the first place) doesn't want her to.  Also it turns out that Julian died and they're after his murderer.  Tabitha (the witch who created Timmy as a doll before he turned into a real boy on a Christmas wish) and Timmy were burned by Julian's ancestor because she was a witch so Tabitha cursed his family.  Theresa (who Julian got drunk in Bermuda and slept with her and married her and knocked her up) is trying to get Ethan back by inheriting all of Julians money by claiming to be the only Mrs Julian Crane - but she is only doing that because Zombie Charity keeps turning into Julian and persuading her to.  Her mum doesn't want her to take the money because its cursed.  Also did some shopping... bought a lot of thesis writing food (hot cross buns, fruche and m&ms.)  This should contribute nicely to making it fully up to 10%.  Set up the laptop in the lounge room.  Rewrote my Responsive Love section on my thesis and began reworking Creative Love, but it still seems kinda stupid.  Invention for the day: TV Guide that warned if there was  any  plot development in a soapy episode so you know to watch it.