          Semester 1, Week 3, Day 3.    Number of Snoozes: 0 - but the day is young.  Number of Hands used to type this: 2, mostly.  (Yay!!)  If I go home now, I may catch some of the midday movie.  Spent this morning looking at the comments Dirk sent which I finally received today.  Then went and spent an hour racking my brain with Dirk over this whole Creative Love stuff.  We considered calling it Fictional Love for a while.  I asked if that was a loaded term.  Dirk said that was the point.  I am meeting him again next Tuesday at 2:00.  Now have grabbed some foodies and about to go home.  Plans for the rest of the day include:  Finalising nasty Animal Minds presentation notes for tomorrow.  It would be nice if I understood what it is this guy is trying to achieve.  He just seems to blither on indefinately about bees, bats and cuckoos.  (Maybe he's obessed with the birds and bees and a bit cuckoo himself, but this theory does not explain the bats.)  Should probably re-read papers for tomorrow's Value Theory class too.  Then what?  Oh yes.  If I have any time left will bang brain against Creative Love some more.  I've got this great article by Velleman called  Love as a Moral Emotion  where he explores the idea that love is immoral because it requires us to discriminate against persons, but we should treat everyone equally.  I felt better about this article when Dirk said it was a tough one.  There is a lot going on in it.  Sigh.  My thesis is very bony at the moment (needs a lot of fleshing out) and there are a couple of issues that I need to address.  Like, I'm not going to say what love is exactly, however I do think it is a semi-intentional emotion.  I am also not going to blither on about how romantic/erotic love is different from other kinds of love.  I think it safe to use the term and that people kinda get what I am talking about.  Invention for the day: Actually, what I'd like is this counter thing around the uni that lists the computer labs and how many free pcs are available in each one.  (Like  Crown  does with its parking.)  It's always a bit chancy coming down to the Arts basement (well, during the middle of the day anyway).  Eventually the little first years are going to discover it's here.  Doom.