         Weekend Alcohol Units: Far too many and enough to make Alex proud.  (Mmmm, Black Russians.)  (WARNING Lists)  I woke up in a bit of a panic this morning.  (This may have been to do with the fact that I kept dreaming I was Hitler's daughter after watching that stupid miniseries on seven last night.  I won't be watching the conclusion because there are better things on tv plus I will be going to aerobics.)  I have decided that as there is less than a week until Semester starts, I'd better get my butt into gear.  Fast.  Made a list of what I want to achieve.  Have already crossed off several items and it's only lunch time Monday.  So far I have:  Made list (bonus item) Bought a computer chair (yes, it is purple.)  It has arms and swivvels and is adjustable and not bad for $125. Bought tea, milk, bread Found my car keys (they were in the bags from Adelaide which I should unpack) Handed in my boots (my fave books) to be repaired.  They'll be ready on Wednesday.  They need new heels (again.)  At present I am working on: Blog and check mail  I tried to: Look up time table  But it occurs to me that the philosophy deptartment will have its own time table and I should go check with them.  Unfortunately I am finding going to uni a bit of a pain and this is while there is free parking!  What am I going to do DURING semester when I will have to walk (coz I am not paying for parking - I can't justify it).  I am thinking I should ride my bike because it will be much quicker and it is all down hill (on the way back) but it does require things like:  Carrying helmet (doesn't fit neatly into bag) Tucking pants into socks to prevent greasing pants Helmet hair (less of an issue as my hair gets longer) Dealing with securing bike  My list also has things like: Read abstracts from Metaphysics book Read Nussbaum (she is an author who is writing about Epicurus and Lucretius).  Nussbaum has led me to only one conclusion so far: That being prolific is not a virtue. Fix bike seat (it's too low) and attach lights (which I took off to go on   Bicycle Victoria 's Great Vic Bike Ride so they wouldn't get nicked) but the problem is that my handle bars are too short to have all the neat stuff I want to put on them.  You know?  Two hand grips, one bell, one set of gear changers (one on each side, one spedometer, one light)  Invention for the day:  Computer chairs where the arms automatically contract when you swivvel them under your desk so they don't make your whole desk move and you don't knock over your "Cubicle Sweet Cubicle" sign.  Very important.