         WARNING:  This entry contains philosophy.   Semester 1, Week 4, Day 2.   Stiff neck and legs from nasty aerobics.  Spent the morning reading Value Theory articles.    Have just come back from meeting with Dirk.  He seemed happy with my change in direction.  I have changed it from being “Lucretius is the avatar of love” to being something more along the lines of "Lucretius believes the sploosh account of love, which is wholly consistent with his metaphysics.  People who criticise him are moosh theorists, including   Nussbaum ."   Anyway we chatted a lot about the difference between Lucretius' two accounts of love and the   Keller  (sploosh) and   Velleman  (moosh) accounts of love.    (From Friday: Sploosh theory is based on idea that people's value is dependant on their properties. Moosh theroy is based on the idea that people have innate value. )  But Velleman considers that the innate value that people have is based on their manifest person (or personhood) which can be roughly translated as "their capacity to do good stuff."  People are embodied personhoods (they are "personhoods" surrounded by this flesh and blood stuff and behaviour).  The selectivity of love is then explained by Velleman as people not always being able to "see" or "encounter" someone's personhood (or "true self") as our behaviour and interpretation is not always perfect.  The difference (advantage/disadvantge) between sploosh and moosh accounts of love then seems to be as follows:  In the sploosh account (properties, responsive) the  cause  of the love is also the  justification  (i.e. properties in both cases). In the moosh account (value, creative) the  cause  of the love is different from the  justification  (i.e. access to personhood and personhood.)  So in the case where John loves Mary:  Sploosh says that John is caused to love Mary because she has Property P and Property P is sufficient to explain his love. Moosh says that John is caused to love Mary because she and he have some Property P and that her innate value is sufficient to explain his love.  (Property P can be any relevant property of Mary - that she has a neat sense of humour, saved John from being run over by a tram or picks her nose in a very attractive way...  typically we would think that Property P would be a bunch of properties rather than a particular single property.)  As I was writing this I was thinking that:  Moosh says that John is caused to love Mary because he has access to her innate value and that her innate value is sufficient to explain his love (which would make the cause and justification the same.)  BUT the whole think about selectivity is that the "access to her innate value" must still be explained.    Nussbaum:  Nussbaum wrote this lovely essay where she goes on about how great Lucretius' love theory is, "Beyond obsession and disgust".   But at the end, she says that he must be mistaken.  Sigh.  Anyway, I said that reckon she is probably a big moosh theorist because she really prefers the Stoics.  So here's the thing:  Lucretius is an Epicurean Epicurus and the Stoics were two competing Hellenistic schools of philosophy in Athens.  (The Stoics hung around the Stoa (market place) - like korner.  Roman proponents include Cicero and Seneca, they didn't hang around the stoa.) Nussbaum is a big Stoic proponent Velleman thinks Nussbaum is pretty alright (see note 101 in his article "Love as a Moral Emotion") Velleman thinks that Kant is pretty alright too Kant is a Stoic.  Damn Stoics get everywhere!   (Oh, also from Friday.  Benji dressed up and looked wonderful.  I then suggested he was a little over dressed.  He wore shoes that weren't sandles and everything!)  What else happened...  Oh yes.  We discussed masters and stuff.  (Masters is what you do after honours, it's a 18 month - 2 year research thing.)   I need to get a first class (H1, 80%+) if I want to get a scholarship (plus have good undergrad marks, plus have a really decent and exciting proposal...)  Blurk.  I would think this was achievable but I really knackered up the Aesthetics essay last semester (i.e got less than 75% for it.)  So what happens now?  I work my butt off trying to make up for last semester with a wicked thesis and really good Animal Minds and Value Theory essays.  (You can get into Masters with an H2A (75-79%), but you won't be eligible for a scholarship.  Your options are to work (possibly as a tutor in philosophy) to pay your way and decided if you want to go part time.)  We talked about my Aesthetics essay (Dirk was the second marker.)  He said I was very creative (something to the affect of one of the most creative students he'd encountered in a while) but that my biggest weakness was not dotting i's and crossing t's in my work.  My thesis is going to require A LOT of polishing.  But (as I said to him) I hate writing - it's the ideas I'm interested in.  Not the rigorous arguments for making them work.  Well, partly that too, but not actually WRITING about them.  So, anyway, I have decided to really work at this and pull my finger out as much as possible (which is why I'm blogging...).  It seems to me that I don't hate writing that much (as I am here, blogging away) but that when I write an essay my "writing spirit" or "writing voice" just dries up into this dead, boring lecturer spirit.  I wish I had a lovely chatty essay writing style like David Lewis (who is great to read) instead of sounding like Aristotle (who seems to have written lecture notes that one of his students knabbed from his paper recycling bin, often after the shredder) or Kant (who seems to have put a thesaurus through his work which replaces all the short, easy words with difficult, underfined terms).  Maybe I need to change the way I think about writing my essays.  I could make it more chatty and refer to myself - but that seems unprofessional.  Yet, many journal articles I've read (including my lecturers') have lots of "I think" "we will show" and "my" in them.  I think it's obvious that I'm not inarticulate (judging from this rant anyway) but I think my brain dies when I go to write an essay.  Maybe I should write my thesis in blog form....  (Hey, Plato wrote his philosophy in play form!  Like it's not hard enough to extract what he's thinking.  If he had been a bit more straight, all the rest of philosophy wouldn't have to be his damn footnotes.)  How does one find the balance between "chatty" and "professional".  Maybe I should read some chatty journal articles and attempt to emulate their style (or adjust it to work for me.)  Well, that's my Agony Aunt session for the day.  (If anyone has some advice on this (or knows of a book that has advice), please email me.)  Singing tonight, then sleep.