          Meeting with Dirk.   WARNING: This entry contains philosophy.   I just had my weekly meeting with Dirk regarding my thesis.  He said that I was making some strong claims that needed to be backed up with strong arguments and not just handwaving.  He said that I needed to polish and fill in the   exegesis .  (I now even know what "exegesis" means... "text").  Finally he said I needed to use formal prose and be careful.  Sigh.  Just when I thought the chatty approach would work.  Plus footnotes, bibliography etc.    I think this reveals horrific structural problems with my thesis, not at the top level, at the mid level.  Like I split up my Moosh account of love into a number of sections rather than either a) going through Velleman's paper or b) summarising Velleman in a way that has like a causal story.  Once again I have changed the general kind of story I am trying to tell.  (For my previous version see March 23.) Rather than suggest that Nussbaum disagrees with Lucretius because she is a moosh theorist (rather difficult to prove) I want to suggest that Nussbaum disagrees with Lucretius because she thinks that there is only one theory of love and that Lucretius has taken all the good bits out and left a hollow shell of boredom and "will governed friendship."   I think there are (at least) two theories of love and Lucretius favours one over the other.  (This is so much easier in blog form.)  I had written some stuff on Female Desire and Epicurean Metaphysics, but I am going to chuck them.  (That's 670 more words to play with.)  I am meeting Dirk next Wednesday and (luckily) he is available during the Easter break too.  (Phew!)  I have physio next Tuesday, but I should have my car by then.  Yay!  (I have been lending it to Benji for work.)  So, in summary, I think I have oodles of work to do.  Sigh.  Tasks:  A - See if I can get my Nussbaum theory to work, ditch otherwise (some changes in introduction required) B - Polish and fill in exegesis.  Otherwise Dirk is going to smack me around big time (if I don't polish well).  He is pretty tolerant to put up with me really.  (Though when I spoke to him, he was in the middle of marking the first year expository exercises.  With any luck I looked positively brilliant next to them.)  He said something like "This time" refering in opposition to the Aesthetics Essay "you will lay things out fully...."  Doom.  (I'm blithering... it's like gibbering, only more intent on purpose.)  I don't know why I find this so daunting.  Probably because I am convinced I'm crappy at it.  (I have written what the moosh and sploosh accounts of love are like at least seven times already.)  Non Thesis Related Tasks:  A - Singing (tonight) B - Italian Homework (tomorrow) C - Classes (done reading) - (nup turns out there is a new Value Theory paper to read) D - Italian class E - Pick up car (saturday)  Fun stuff to look forward to:  A - Polly's party (she is graduating on Thursday, party Saturday.)  So, things should be okay.  (Lot's of time.)  Eeek.