         Status: Same as Wednesday, execpt hair down. Different things read, too numerous to mention.   Semester 2, Week 1, Day 4.   Had classes today and didn't write in web blog (duh).  Walked to uni in rain and got satched, despite umbrella.  Discovered empirically that boots are not waterproof.  Had first seminar for Metaphysics with Dirk - it's going to be great.  (This morning read the introductory paper on substance.)  Went to FOME meeting.  The topic was "Discontinuities" - or specifically, "Discontinuities in SF/Fantasy that we find really annoying."  The young FOME members have no respect for the chair and it is a free for all.  Red Dwarf and Star Trek were mentioned a lot.  I said that "Brides of Christ" had lots of discontinuities because the nuns were so discreet.  They didn't understand....  Had most excellent meeting with supervisor, showed him bits of my bibliography as it stood.  He mentioned some other things that would be good to have/mention/use.  I told him some of my thoughts on Lucretius and Human Nature and Pleasure.  Dirk made appropriate encouraging remarks that indicating I was well on the way to forming a thesis topic.  Went back home (with Hannah in her car - got blister walking in wet boots), had some food, back to uni (with car as it was after 4:00 - free parking).  Got some journal articles, books and references.  Then went swimming with Josh.  Home and food, read some of some of the books and watched Angel.   Semester 2, Week 1, Day 5.   No classes today.  Spent this morning reading and then went to uni.  Slept in until about 9:10.  I woke up at about 4:30 and had trouble getting back to sleep, I was busy thinking about the bundle theory.  (The bundle theory is that all we are is a bundle of properties.  It always makes me think of a cat made of elastic bands, I don't know why.)  Photocopied large sections of a book, but only a chapter, so I figure it's still "fair dealing".  There are all these warning notices about photocopying and copyright and stuff around the photocopiers.  As if anyone is going to  profit  (in the financial sense) from Epicurean theories.   My card ran out of photocopy money, so I put $20 on it, safe in the knowledge that I would use it all!!!  This afternoon went to a staff seminar.  (We were encouraged in yesterdays class by Dirk to go).  Gillian Russell talked about "Analysity".  We spent a lot of time discussing "All bachelors are married men".  I just can't bring myself to care about epistemology (theory of knowledge).  I want to spend some time continuing to update my bibliography and then it should be ready (about a week early).  Dave reckons we are going to see his parents tonight, so that's another free meal.  No, it's cool, I like his parents.  Invention for the day: Overhead projector that you can adjust so that it doesn't have to sit on the desk in everyones way and bends light so that the text at the top isn't significantly larger than the text at the bottom.  (Stupid speed of light!)