          Draft Chuck out File   I have several windows open at the moment, including my thesis draft and a file that I am chucking stuff I am discarding into.  In my chuck out file I have the various subheadings so I can keep (rough) track of where things have come from should I ever decide to use it or go over it again.  My chuck out file is more than 4000 words...  It is also formatted the same way as my thesis.  I was flicking between windows when suddenly I was subjected to the text (in 16 point Times New Roman small caps) "NUSSBAUMY GOODNESS".  'Argh! I can't hand that in as a draft!' I thought to myself.  Luckily it was in my chuck out file.  I should really work on being kinder to my poor brain.  It's got enough to contend without me being mindlessly cruel to it.   Gibber.   Did you know if you type in Lucretius and Nussbaum into google, this blog comes up as number 11.  Wow!  Soon I shall be thrown out of the philosophical community.  (Incase you are reading this Martha, you can read my draft if you want.  I'm sure I'd be contactable through Monash's philosophy dept.  I swear I am being very respectful and treating your arguments with the utmost dignity.  )  Dignity!  Get it? :)  (She is not reading this, I have heard that she is really harsh on mere graduate students... What IS a graduate student anyway?  I mean, I get undergrad and I get postgrad, but what is a graduate student?  Does that mean that you can only do your study while wearing a silly hat or what?)  On the other hand if you type Ainsley and Monash into google, this blog comes up as number 2.  And if you just type Ainsley, I am number 6.  (Vote for Number 6.)  I hope one day to be number 5, so link to me!  Sorry, I am trying to think of an argument against Nussbaum - she insists that mystery, wonder and erotic excitement are essential features of love.  I want to say that she only thinks that because she is a big Dignity Account proponent.  But what can the Merit Account do?    (What is erotic excitement anyway?  Is that when you're waiting to see if the EFTPOS will go through at the video store while you're hiring porn?  Surely that's what cash is for...)  Now I really am gibbering.  What I need to do to finish my draft:  1. Construct an argument against Nussbaum as above 2. Write a conclusion (my current one a) is out of date and b) sucks) 3. Tidy and chase some references that are untidy 4. Review and update abstract 5. Proof read and correct 6. Print and hand in thesis (plus email abstract to Toby) - but not til Monday.  Okay, I'll work now...