          Semester 1, Week 7, Day 4.   Classes today.  Gained popularity (not) in Animal Minds by accusing a philosopher of either offering definitions or begging the question.  (Got told it was a difficult paper and even teacher was having difficulty with it.  Not convinced....)  We have been given some easier papers now.  I have no idea what I am going to write my essay on.  Saw Dirk (managed to catch him) and asked if I could see him about my oral presentation.  He said he could see me on Monday 3rd.  I said that this was a bit unacceptible seeing I was giving it on May 10 and practicing on May 5.  So I am seeing him next Tuesday (27th).  Phew.  Saw my little thesis poking out from beneath some other stuff.  Dirk said he hadn't even flicked over the front cover yet.  I could not help but say, "That's not surprising."  Gained popularity in Value Theory by offering ideas that teacher thought were interesting.  Velleman (him again) has this idea that what makes sense for us to do next should cohere with our lifes' stories.  But this doesn't give us any reason to act for other people.  So I suggested that we should act in order to help other's life stories cohere, or to add to humanity's life story.  That was the second last class, I have no idea what I am going to write my essay on.  But, best of allness....  Wrote to   Simon Keller  (who wrote "How do I love thee?  Let me count the properties?" - i.e. a big big merit account, properties kinda guy) yesterday, on Dirk's suggestion.  Dirk said that the article came out of his honours thesis.  He obviously did alright to get into Boston and stuff.  Anyway... asked Simon if he'd be interested in reading my little thesis draft.  He has written back (already) and said that he would.  He said:  Thanks for getting in touch, and yes, I'd be very happy to have a look at your thesis. Send it through. One warning - I've been writing a little more on some of this stuff, and so I might hit you with some draft material too.  How neat is that?  So I might forgive the fact that he goes for   Geelong .  Invention for the day: Supervisor Speed.  Small injection that allows supervisors to read your thesis and mark it, even though they are up to their eyeballs in hiring a new Bioethics guy.