         Failed to go to the postgrad seminar as it was cancelled.  Days until Dirk will give me back the first draft: 4.   Not that I'm counting.  (I want my thesis back so I have an indication of how much work I have to do.)   Semester 1, Week 8, Day 4.    Classes today.  Animal Minds was good.  We discussed a paper by Susan Hurley.  Once again we have looked at a paper with great ideas and almost no argument (see also Davidson.)  Sigh.  Two of the guys are big Davidson fans.  Davidson is like, we cannot attribute beliefs that explain behaviour to animals because we cannot know which belief they have (many would explain their behaviour.)  Davidson requires a web of interconnected beliefs.  Hurley is like, we can ascribe beliefs that are sufficient to explain behaviour.  We just need to accept that they cannot reason in all areas, we can have islands of belief.  I am with Hurley.  I just wished her argument was better.  Next week we are doing criticisms of Hurley and her responses.  That should be good.  Value Theory was also good.  (Last class.)  We have been doing the various papers of Korsgaard and Jeanette found one that criticises her, so I shall read that.  I feel MUCH better about this subject now that I feel I can write an essay on it (seeing the essay is like worth 100%!)  Still have to do Italian Homework.  I didn't go last week, so I am going to try to learn from Benji's notes.  Yeak!  So things are looking up for me.  (In that I was worried what I was going to write about.)  I guess.    Although I did have a conversation with a professor at uni yesterday (when I turned up to the cancelled postgrad seminar) which made me think that perhaps my thesis was bollucks.  Sigh.  Sometimes it is very hard to put things in your own words.  If you are trying to summarise someone elses summary of a position, you don't end up saying a lot very clearly.  Thoughts just get concentrated to a point where they can't really be expressed anymore.   Plans for Tomorrow   1. Apply for Heath Care Card (I have no income and my bank statements have just come in.) 2. Go to Doctors (that's private)  3. Go to parents place for dinner (Dad's birthday on Monday, he will be 2xMyAge + 5.)  I also hope to do work on Oral Pres.  Invention for the day: Stockings with padded soles for wearing with boots.  I have sore feet.  Alternatively, shoes that grow or shrink depending on whether or not the wearer is wearing socks or stockings.  Other invention (suggestion): Get more doctors at Monash.  I don't think it's that unreasonable to be able to make an appointment at 1:00 and have at least some spots available that day.