         Dragged myself to the gym this morning, even though I woke up already trying to tell myself out of it. The usual, on a Sunday morning, after some early morning insomnia (4am, to be exact), and some more sleep from 6:30 to 9am.  But I went. And that was good.  Had a class of Bodystyling run by Julia (who is my faourite instructor) and spend another 30 minutes on the crosstrainer afterwards. Was a good class, the people there were not quite the usual Sunday morning crowd, lots of new faces, and I didn't quite feel so alone by beeing in not top shape yet. Warm-up was fine, the squats were fine, I struggled (as usual) with the leg things, enjoyed the ab stuff (my piercing only hurt during lower ab excercises, so I did other ab stuff instead) and did surprisingly well during the much hated leg-lifts. Back stuff hurted a bit again (lying on my stomach just doesn't quite do it yet, not because of pain, but just dicomfort...and I worry about the piercing a bit much, I guess), and Stretching just felt divine. In all, a good class, just what I expected, and I felt pretty good throughout it; even though I had the usual "gah, how long will it take now" thing during the second leg round.  Finished afterwards with 30 minutes on the crosstrainer, basically in fat burning mode, all rather relaxed, reading Focus.  Feel good now, even though I already feel some soreness developing in my upper abs. No wonder. Also got myself a trainer appointment for Thrusday, to discuss all my giant goals with someone and get some pro advice. Let's see what that will be like. Am a bit worried because I am pretty sure that Stephan, the trainer, will want me to hop on scales (and the fat % scale, too) and I just do not want to know what I weight, because I spend long long enough years being way too worried about the number on a scale in the morning. I don't really care as to what I currently weigh, I feel relatively good, if in worse shape than in summer.  Does my actual weight matter? Not really. Let's see whether he can weigh me and not tell me what it is. -I am not worried that I immediately fall into "I need to know what I weigh" mode, but I really don't want to take any chances here.  More later.