         Repost from the   real blog  from a  few days ago....Just to illustrate what this Mont Ventoux thing is all about....   In another effort to lift my mood, I started my search for some more info to prepare my ride up Mont Ventoux late next year. Trying to plan the impossible, basically.  Have finally started looking at the logistical side of things  (take someone with me? if so, who? stay where? stay how long? - The only thing I am sure about is that I'll go in september, off season, less tourists, less heat) , which shouldn't be underestimated, even though that stuff is marginal if I look at the physical side of things.  I have no idea how I can make it.  Apart from needing a new bike, I need to loose a good amount of weight (15kgs or whatnot), as there is no way I'll carry all what's on my hips at the moment up on that mountain (or all the mountain's that I'll do in preparation of it). No way at all. I guess it'll all sort itself out over the months as I get into work-out and training mode (and spend all of my free-time on a bike), but right now, it all looks like a mountain even higher than Ventoux itself.  The more that I look into all the details of this grandiose plan, the more jittery and frightened I get. I think I have gone insane, plainly speaking. Just take a look at the pictures and reports of people who've already done it, like   Inge Johannessen from Norway ,   Toivo Lagerweij and Marjolijn Kieft, two of the makers of eurocols.com  (a fab personal site on Cols all over Europe),   Alex, the maker of this excellent dutch website on Ventoux  (could someone please translate the entire site for me?) and   Gerry from London . If you still haven't realised what a giant thing that is, check out this great site on the mountain   Mont Ventoux: géant provencal .  I am insanely jealous, and insanely motivated, too. And a little shocked: there is ONE thing I am motivated for!  But I wonder: Why in all the world do I want to ride THAT mountain? For what purpose? I really am not completely sure. Fighting my demons, I guess. Accomplishing  something obvious . Standing above the world. At least, I already have an awful lot of respect for that mountain. Otherwise, this would be even more insane than it is anyway.