         Blogged my little heart out in honour of World AIDS Day at the   real blog  yesterday and hence didn't get around to updating here. Still have a computer overdose, I think. Am getting dizzy from staring at the thing. Or maybe because I haven't been eating right yet aain, who knows, even though I think I did remarkably well today, in comparison to the last weeks.  Finally managed to drag myself to the gym late yesterday afternoon, after simply not being able to make myself go on Thursday and Friday. Bad me. Made a vow to go to the gym every singly day until Evan arrives on the 12th. Yesterday, I did two rounds on the weight circle and an hour on the crosstrainer. As it was closing time by then already, I didn't get around to do stretching, and I definitely felt that today, especially in my lat & lower shoulder muscles again. Overall, it was fine, but I really had to fight my way through the sit-ups. The fact I had barely eaten all day probably didn't help much either with all of it. While on the crosstrainer, I kept discussing with myself in my head whether I shouldn't just stop earlier, but fought my way through it, and that surely was good.  Today, I went to the usual Sunday morning Bodystyling class with Julia and finished up with an hour on the crosstrainer, too. Was a very hard class this morn, indeed (the squats were squats from hell, and the ab work for once was challenging. couldn't do the triceps push ups though), and I also realised that as soon as I look at myself in the mirror, my coordination is gone. While doing that, I realised that I don't have enough muscle tension during certain movements, and really that's what I need to work on. Stability and strength come from tension. And please, it simply looks better, too. Was very annoyed by the other people in the class. The super skinny blonde was there again, and shit, she always works out next to me, and I hate it. She is just so *tiny* and full of muscles and killingly flexible. Argh. I know, I shouldn't focus on other people, not get competetive or whatever else when working out, but see it as a positive thing for *me*, but for some reason, I can't. Whatever it is. It feels like a sliding down a slippery slope kind of thing, when teamed up with my eating habits. Made the mistake of eating before working out: had a reasonable amount of Special K with low fat milk, and shit, did I feel bad later on. The idea of cutting out dairy is sounding more and more promising to me, now that Heather has reported it doing good things for her. Apparently, Michelle is vegan, too, and woah, she looks awesome. Sigh. I wonder though, whether I could do that. My eating is shitty anyway, and restricting whole food groups (I am already doing that partly anyway, to be honest) just doesn't sound like the wisest idea right now, I don't know. It would mean no more low fat potato soup, the main meal I've cooked these past weeks, and no added yoghurt to sauces etc, if I get back to cooking when Evan is here. Really am not sure. I might want to give it a try, just for a week or so, to see whether I can do it, and what it does to me, don't know. *sigh*  Tried making the appointment with Daniel for my 4 week check up and the beloved body fat scale, but they didn't have plans out for next week yet. Hm. Not really looking forward to it. Seriously. I know there is change in my body. I see it, I feel it. My back looks better  and it sounds very odd, but while stretching at Pump on Wednesday, I was stroking my ribcage and side, and it felt new and good, my arms feel better, even my legs do, my abs look stunning, my skin is nice and firm (which really is a shocking development, unfortunately, I don't know what causes this: the supplements, the working out, the body lotion, the anti-cellulite potion, the silicone massage brush, the moisturising in general..). I wonder though, whether my success can be measured with the tools at hand, i.e. the scale (made the mistake to hop on there last night, and while it wasn't the killer number it was at the first check up, it wasn't nice either) and the body fat scale at all. What will I do if it doesn't show on there, all my working out and cutting down on foods and whatever else?  Am scared.  And I already know that no matter what, on the day of the appointment, I will not eat at all and severly cut down on my fluid intake before I hop on that body fat thing. I remember during my first check up ever, that the gal told me that that scale only showed reliable results when you had a completely empty stomach, in the morning. Duh. Daniel only does appointments in the evening. How nice.  Anyway. Pump tomorrow. I will work out every day until Ev arrives. The Mantra is:  I want to look good naked.