         time to update the workoutlog, isn't it?  first of all: i have worked out since last posting here, fear not. i haven't been sitting around doing nothing for the past 6 months. i have, however, changed my plans regarding mt.ventoux and my fitness goals and hence didn't feel the urge to specifically note how i was progressing. i still want to do mt.ventoux by bike one fine day, but quite simply not this year. i had planned on going up ther ein september, but opted to go to australia to be with my partner instead. no matter how much i want to ride up that mountain, my partner is a lot more important than that mountain. thankfully, i will also not be going to this years tour de france stage up mt.ventoux and hence won't ruin the experience for the future. :)  however, i've been busy working out these past months. the last 6 weeks were especially good, i worked out almost every day, mostly combining a strength class with an hour of aerobic activity, lost several pounds and feel pretty good about my body most of the time. they bought a new scale at the gym though, so i have no idea as to how much my weight has really changed. am still struggling with the scale though, no matter what. should just not get on it more than once a week.  so all is pretty ok, work out wise.  so for the record which shall be kept with all due accuracy again:  today: 30 minute ab class with jana, which was ultra hard but worked through every muscle in my abs. hadn't had such an intense ab workout in months - my abs have always been strong, and it takes high intensity excercises and lots of variation to really get at them. also did 30 minutes on the crosstrainer both before and after the class, on high intensity mountain/intervall setting, which i handled pretty well. so all is good. wonder how sore my abs will be tomorrow. :)  still need to work on my eating habits though: while i've been good at changing my brekkie habits and said goodbye to overeating on cereals that left me sick from the milk, i still have a tendecy to overeat: need to make sure not to skip my scheduled snacks between meals. also need to up my fruit and vege intake to replace the nutrition bars i'm currently downing all the bloody time.  that much for now.