         call me obsessed.  this morning, after 20 minutes on the crosstrainer (250 kcal burned) i went to a beginner's class run by bettina - we did 40 minutes aerobics and then some simple strength exercises, mainly for legs and abs. it was a nice class, if not terribly hard at all. at least it was communicative and fun.  tonight, after lots of whining on the phone to tina and my mom about whether i should go to yoga (both telling me no), i decided to drag myself to the gym again. good decision - i throughoutly enjoyed the 90 minute yoga class. i'm not sure what caused my whining this afternoon, whether it was laziness shining through, or needing another reason to go (i.e. rebelling against parents & tina) or whatever else. i do feel quite strange for having been at the gym twice today. and i feel weird about the fact that when i had decided not to go, for a short while around 6pm, i did not feel good, or relaxed or relieved or whatever. i just hated myself for these few minutes, telling myself i was lazy, that i had planned to go to yoga and should stick to it, and that i was letting the instructor down because i told her last saturday that i would be there today. so indeed, at the very last minute, i put on my fleece jumper, threw my stuff into a bag, put on my coat and was out the door before i could change my mind again. still, waiting for the bus, i was tempted to go back home, but i didn't. very very strange, what my mind was doing with me there today.  yoga calmed me down though, and grounded me, and was very enjoyable. regretting not going (as in those few minutes when i didn't want to go) would have been quite appropriate. i realised again that i really like the movements, the stretching, the resting and the meditation, and bettina is a wonderful, gentle instructor (very very different from the annoying instructor who was there last year). her corrections are gentle and calm, and moving my hip with the tip of her already noticed some improvement  at the end of the class, we did a guided meditation during which we were guided into imagining a sun radiating from our heart, warmth and light filling our bodies and the room and then - finally - reaching people that we love. i saw my love being guided, like via satellites, across mountains to tina in graz, across continents and oceans to evan, still in bed, being awakened by the sun. it was absolutely awesome.  in any way, i am happy that i went, despite all that strange behaviour on my part this afternoon. guess another reason behind it was being very tired from lack of sleep (caused -no doubt- by the full moon) and having just had a nap... i don't know.  let's just hope it doesn't happen again. am not sure whether this was a sign that i've been overdoing it, this subconscious not wanting to go or whatever. oh well, will see how it'll be in the next few days.