         wanted to do spinning today, but the instructor was sick. considering that i was already at the gym, i went to a tae-bo class instead.  great decision. i wasn't exactly planning on doing any tae-bo any time soon (thinking it was too still too hard & yadayadayada), but it rocked and was probably better than spinning for me today, even though it meant that my plans to do nothing but cardio today was slashed by it. it is some kind of strenght training, after all.  in any way, i throughoutly enjoyed it, not just because i felt all evil and strong and mean (and i swear, that's what i feel like when punching and kicking and shouting) but also because i enjoyed looking at my arm muscles. he. it was quite taxing, actually, and three quaters through the hour, i really was pretty much out of energy to kick. forced myself though, and did -overall- ok, i reckon. really liked the instructor, dirk, who didn't do tons of bizarre combinations, but instead few combinations, taking time to get into them and focus on doing them right.  loved the fact that i actually have strenght to punch and kick and push and hold my fists up the entire time. lovely. not (sorry about that, but yes, i compared myself again) like the much skinnier girls who had no strength to be bad and to kick and to punch. left me quite content, bad me. strentgth was very much a non issue today, just stamina was.  should try to fit some more tae-bo in. the question, however is: when? should see. would be fun to do it at least once a week. - too bad it clashes with pump (on mondays) and yoga (on thursdays), and on wednesdays, when i could do both tae-bo and pump, it clashes with - oh horror, buffy. maybe i should simply do weight circuit before. or do pump in the morn and be freaky enough to go back in the evening to do tae-bo.  in contrast to the good workout (not only was i left feeling strong and evil, but also throughoutly worked out, warm and soft), my eating was a bit odd today, kept grazing for much of the day and consumed more than i should have i think. not good. needed nuts today. strange. also should avoid having gatorade again: plain water is much better during a workout.