         i'm not sure whether i should call myself determined or plain stupid...  spend two hours at the gym today, doing two 60 minute classes: first pump, then a reebok step one.  pump, run by bettina, was nice. decided to up the weigths for the legs, just because i did not feel like i had reached the border of my stength before. - and yes, partly because evan was planning on joining a body pump class at his gym, too, and kept kidding me about i being a "girlie" class. he. would have loved to see him struggle - i bet his endurance strenght is by no means as good as he thinks it is. in any way, upping the weigths was a good decision, 6 kg for squats, and 5 for lunges is just about difficult enough. might be able to put more on both chest and back next time. the arm & shoulder weights are borderline, and rightly so.   weights per side  warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 6 kg chest 3 1/2 kg back 4 1/2 kg triceps 3 1/2 kg biceps 3 1/2 kg shoulders 2 1/2 kg / 2 1/2 for side lifts legs (lunges) 5 kg  in any way, today i felt like i had worked out after pump, and that was much needed. strange little moment during pump: while doing the lunges, my calves looked like someone elses calves, all firm and nice. :) also, during back exercises or so, for a change i looked for my reflection in the window instead of the mirror, and took a few moments to recognize that the one in the black pants, the striped shirt, the pigtails and the okay looking legs was me. he. good moments.  the step class was run by claudia, and not particularly difficult, just about right both intensity & choreography wise. however, about 5 minutes into the class, i developed major stomach pain in my lower left abdomen and was close to just putting the step away and leaving. here's where my determination versus stupidity thing comes in: i forced myself through it. after a while, the pain did go away. odd. it was too low for being caused by wrong breathing, and by the time it happened, it had been more than 2 hours since my last snack, too.  should definitely see a doc about my stomach troubles, the only question is: which doc? i really don't feel like going to my looser homeopathy gp, again, but feel even less like doc shopping from the yellow pages. duh. plus going to the doc would involve giving details about my eating habits, which i just don't feel like at the moment. in any way, no matter what, if it doesn't get better -and i just doubt that it will, because as soon as immodium acute stops working, it's the same story all over again, including nasty cramping and pain- i absolutely have to see one. have given myself ultimatums before, and haven't adhered to them, and that has to stop. must be the unconscious worry about getting a colonoscopy to see what's wrong/having crohn's/whatever else might be behind it. i wish it's ibs and i'd get antidepressants again. woopee. however, there is no way around going to a doc. need to remind myself of my parent's friend's daughter who died of colon cancer at 19.  anyway, enough about my gi tract.  once the pain went away, all was okay and the class passed by in a sec. noticed that i started to get annoyed by one other participant in the class, who has the longest limbs in the whole wide world. it's nothing but jealousy, and i know it. the anorexic girl was there again, too. she was already sweating on the spinning bike when i walked into the gym, did cardio all while i was doing pump and then joined the step class, too, being the one doing the extra jumos, lifting her arms and legs higher than everyone else. i am a bit worried because none of the trainers , instructors or supervisors seems to have ever approached her in the three years or so that she has been loosing all that weight. these days, she resembles   princess victoria of sweden in her worst days : all bones and nose and skinny shoulders. and she has   lanugo . scary.  but then - nothing i can do, i guess. am in no position to comment.  anyway. i am feeling quite okay now, had some rice to prevent feeling sick again, like last week, am sipping away on water, all is well.  more step tomorrow. hooray.