         was a good gym girl.  yesterday, i was sane enough to downsize my insane plans, and just do 2 rounds of weight circuit (instead of three), no cardio (instead of an hour) and just an additional 90 minutes of Yoga. I just didn't feel like doing cardiowork yesterday, so i tried to not feel guilty for being such a quitter and breaking my vows of cardio every day on the first note, and instead see it as a bit of a rest day. wasn't one, exactly, but i just didn't want to loose the great wide open feeling i had after yoga by doing some ordinary cardio afterwards. the weight rounds went by quickly, i put on a little more weigth than last time. however, i noticed again that i got a bit stressed while working out, worried to be too late for the class. duh.  the yoga class rocked. liked the instructor, and it was calm and just the right amount of difficulty. enjoyed it very much and will go every thrusday night now. such a great addition to all the usual stuff i do, really enjoyed the slowness and the stretching and the different moves. realised how much i missed yoga - but then, i dropped out of it last time because i hated the instructor and because the class rarely happened because of lack of participants, not because i hated yoga. the only downside of the class was the temperature in the room: it was way too cold. way too cold. i was freezing throughout the relaxation at the beginning and the end, especially because i walked in straight from weight training. complained afterwards. will bring warm top next time.  today, i spend an hour on the crosstrainer (760 kcal burned), before joing a 60 minute bodystyling class by julia. worked out with the barbell today, and that was nice. almost like a small pump class. :)  now, i already feel the soreness crawling into my muscles - especially right around my pelvic bones. ouch. should do some more stretching and relaxing today, i guess.  very much looking forward to both a pump and a step class tomorrow. feeling so much better about my body already. 3 1/2 more weeks of this intense workout level, and i should feel good about hitting the beach.