         was such a good girl at the gym today, indeed, despite a still lingering heaviness and soreness all over this body of mine.  just as planned, i did three rounds on the weight circuit. strantely enough, it went reasonably quickly, mainly, because i was alone there, besides some guy using the upper body machines while i was doing my first round. it stresses me if several people use the weight circuit at the same time, - makes me feel rushed (which makes my posture on the machines crappy) and self conscious and makes the whole ordeal last longer because of the constant re-adjusting of the machines. so today was quite undisturbed in that regard. nice.  the actual workout was good: used weights of a medium weight range (a little less than the last time i did the weight circuit, which was (oops) in june), concentrated on the muscle groups i was working on and took extra care in having good posture. got some tips regarding the latter from matt robert's book 90 day fitness plan. very fine, indeed. when the bum workout got to bad (and boy, did it get bad), i visualised myself on a beach. same for the shoulder press. i hate it with a passion, but kept thinking about how sexy slightly muscular firm shoulders & arms are in evan's opinion. kept imagining getting compliments for them while wearing singlets (which i usually get anyway, but still).  it helps, that visualisation thing. he.  after the three rounds on the weight circuit, i did a solid 60 minutes on the cross trainer, on a relatively high intensity. the last 10 minutes didn't seem to pass at all. gah. in the end, i burned off about 770 kcal, and those extra 70 kcal (2/3 of a timtam!) hurt. a lot. but what's the slogan again? work harder, burn longer. i hope that's true.  finished off with stretching, again undisturbed (the stretching corner is in the middle of the most testosteroen laden area of the gym -where the groaning men are- and completely mirrored. gah.)  overall, i am quite happy and content about the amount worked out today. and there will be more tomorrow. am so serious about looking good in summer.