         i am so fucking sore today. feel almost every single muscle that i moved yesterday. my bum, legs and shoulders hurt the most. ouch. on the upside, my arms and shoulders have this nice - day after weight training look. yum.  i went to the gym despite the soreness. who cares about giving muscles a rest? i don't. especially not when I have to be on a beach next month. did a one hour class run by bettina, which consisted of 30 minutes step, interspersed with 5 minute intervalls of upper body (i.e. shoulders, biceps, triceps) exercises with reebok tubes. the last 30 minutes were spend with killer lower body exercises, squats & lunges (during which I felt yesterday's pump session), execises for the bum, calves, and thighs (both front and back). halleluja. it was just what i, or rather, my lower body, needed though. my legs and bum are my weak spots, and today's exercises were fab. really enjoy bettina's teaching style and was a tiny class, too, just 5 people total, all cosy and personal.  afterwards, i dragged myself over to the crosstrainer, where i somehow managed to spend another 60 minutes. geez. after 50 minutes, i was totally drained and out of it, but somehow managed to keep going. again, i felt all my reserves run empty. need to have more than the protein shake i had (which was good, because it was a wheat free meal, after all, and bad, because the milk made my stomach go weird for a while. bought low fat lactose free milk today, to see whether that will make a difference.)  had a good time at the gym today, quite communicative. the woman who i chatted with every day i was there over summer -about my trip to australia, and her house building, and her travels (need to ask for her name, next time), was quiet excited to see me again after all these months, and had fab news: she is pregnant, and -despite being at just 12 weeks- already has a noticeable belly and significantly larger breasts. i noticed the latter at first sight, walking into the locker room. odd - never realised i looked at other women's breasts that directly. oh well.  the weirdest thing though was, that she - in the middle of the step part of the class- said "oh, you've been to the gym while you were in australia, too, haven't you?" and went on to ask whether i has lost weight and to tell me i looked lots better. bizarre. because i don't think i weigh less or am fitter than the last time we met.  it turned even more bizarre, when -while i was on the crosstrainer- bettina came over, julia in tow, and gave me the exact same compliment, asking how much weight i have lost, and telling me it looked good. while i politely thanked her for the compliment, i told her i didn't have scales (which i don't), and wasn't aware of any losses. but happy nonetheless, if i looked good.  odd. very odd. especially because the new scales at the gym (on which i stepped yesterday) showed a lot more weight than the ones at my parents place, which i have been using while I was there (and which showed slightly more weight after australia, which was no surprise after all those timtams, and a little less since my swimming and working out with cindy).  anyway. odd. oh well. i won't worry about this and wonder whether they just remembered me fatter than i ever was, but try to take this as the nice compliment it was intended to be. who knows, maybe all my restricting and working out is finally paying off, who knows. :)