         ouch. pangs of guilt strike me, when i see how long i haven't updated here. oh well. i've been less active, but not completely inactive since then... while in melbourne, i was pretty lazy, due to work stress and lack of a gym. however, evan and i went running on the weekends - quite revolutionary for me, because i usually strongly dislike running. it turned out to be half as bad though, and i've even done some running here. wow. the things i do for love, he.  since i've returned, my activity level has risen: while at my parents, i went swimming almost every morning and swam between 1km and 1.5km a go, and also worked out with my old cindy crawford tape. better than nothing, me thinks.  now i am back in freiburg though, and the countdown to my take off to melbourne is running. just about 36 days, and i won't be able to hide behind thick jumpers. 36 days, and i'll have to be on the beach, in few clothes. ouch.  so. until then, it's the gym every day (ideally a class + an hour of fatburning), teamed up with supplements, sensible eating and l'oreal skinfirming potions. may it work. am also following matt roberts 90 day fitnessplan, which is a funky, well thought through book, and quite up to date in both it's work out and diet approach.  i am in stage one now, so besides the fitness goals, i will:    eat breakfast;  have at least 2l of water;  attempt to have 4 pieces of fruit and 3 servings of veges;  cut out red meat; and  ban processed wheat from at least one of my meals.    sounds do able.  to kick off, i went to a pump class by julia today. not having done pump in months, i chose weights at the lower end of the scale, which worked out well.  weights per side: warm up 3 1/2 kg legs (squats) 4 1/2 kg chest 2 back 3 1/2 triceps 2 biceps 2 shoulders 1 legs (lunges) 3 1/2  only picked too high a weight for lunges - geez, what a hard routine that was. could have used more weight for my shoulders. overall, it was an enjoyable class that made me feel good. am sure i will be sore tomorrow, but well... always happens. spend an hour on the crosstrainer afterwards, which was quite taxing and a wee bit boring, too. tried making it more bearable by visualising myself on a nsw beach. having had just a small fruit brekkie (not good, not within my plan), i clearly felt my energy run out. still burned off more thn 700 kcal. woohoo. gone are the 4 timtams i binged last night. or so i hope.  anyway. the gym has got a new timetable, i just had a good look through, and it seems like there are plenty of enjoyable classes for me every day. let's hope my motivation lasts.