         i've gotten very lazy this week with my note taking, with everything that i usually note - food, working out, my budget. argh. really need to force myself to keep writing everything down, especially with food and my budget. it's my usual habit of avoiding things that are difficult/embarassing rearing its ugly head again. like my spending habits. oh well. also need to remind myself that while it's good to shop for organic products at my local cool organic supermarket, it's still overeating when i'm eating organic food, too. syrup waffles are syrup waffles, organic or not.  anyway, my working out this week has been ok, despite a bout of  depression and the usual pms happening together earlier in the week.   monday : i was -as embarassing as it is- too depressed to work out. at the time i had wanted to leave for gym, i was curled up on my bed, crying. i felt too fragile to wear little clothing,  move  and be around people.   tuesday : morning: lower body weights, abs, 20 min cardio evening: 90 minute yoga class i had planned on doing a step class in the morning, after my weight training, but walked out after 10 minutes - i had a major headache from crying the night before and lack of sleep, that got significantly worse from the jumping. also loked shitty, felt shitty, and just didn't feel like completing the class at all, same as the day before: being around people, even the interaction in class was too much. yoga in the evening was awesome, though, because by then, things with evan had been sorted, and i was relaxed, flexible and happy. did several asanas for the first time, and felt wide, open, stretched, all over happy and elated afterwards.   wednesday : 60 minutes body pump, 40 minutes crosstrainer upped weights, which worked out very well.   weights per side  warm up: 3 1/2 kg squats: 7 kg chest: 4 1/2 kg back: 5 kg triceps: 3 1/2 kg and 5kg biceps: 3 1/2 shoulders: 2 1/2 and 2 1/2 for side lifts lunges: 6kg  felt very good before, during and after. all very lovely.   thursday : morning: upper body weigths, 60 minute fit plus class (20 minutes warm up, 40 minutes bodystyling) evening: 90 minute yoga class. the fit plus class was than last week, even though it was still nowhere near my level. - am still unsure whether i should keep going. yoga was lovely in the evening, too. loved the inversions today, but struggled a bit with the usually easy downward facing dog and had to work harder on the forward bends.   friday : lower body weights, 60 minute pump class, 30 minutes crosstrainer started my gym session intending on doing only my lower body weights plus some cardio. the lower body weights worked fine - i have found my rythm with the exercises, didn't feel stressed or hectic at all, and felt good feeling my muscles work. while i was doing my last but one exercise of the routine, julia was walking around the gym looking for people to join a class that was supposed to be bodystyling. however, 4 out of the 5 people that were there were body pump enthusiasts, so she decided to run that class instead. so i joined in. - there was no way i could have worked out nearby, hearing the body pump music... it felt quite silly getting the weights set up and all, considering i had already worked out my lower body and back quite intensively. alas, obviously not to the fullest: i had no problems whatsoever during the class, all exercises worked out well. it wasn't till the lunges that i felt the exhaustion in my legs. - and that was (and still is, actually) a lovely feeling that i have been longing for in ages.   weights per side  warm up: 3 1/2 kg squats: 7 kg chest: 4 1/2 kg back: 5 kg triceps: 3 1/2 kg and 5kg biceps: 3 1/2 shoulders: 2 1/2 and 2 1/2 for side lifts lunges: 5kg (which was a mistake. i had forgotten that i had done 6kg last time)  pretty much forced myself on the crosstrainer after pump, mainly because i've been way too lazy with the cardio again this week. at least something. i don't know what i'll do tomorrow: i think because i've done so much today, i might do only my 90 minute yoga class. i'll decide on how sore i will be tomorrow - i expect to be very sore (i already feel it creeping into my muscles, and i mean  all  my muscles!), but that's good. haven't had that for a while.