         haven't managed to post every day, even though i worked out all week.   wednesday, 12th  - 35 minutes crosstrainer, 60 minutes pump  thursday, 13th  - workout b (upper body, 3 sets á 25), fit plus class (20 minutes step, upper body weights, abs), 90 minutes yoga  friday, 14th  - rest day  saturday, 15th  - workout a (lower body, 3 sets á 25), abs, 60 minutes crosstrainer  overall, i am happy about my work out habits this week  my new workouts have been going fine. - despite my expectations, i wasn't sore on wednesday at all. i don't think i've found the ideal weights to use for some exercises yet.  think i can up the weights on some of the leg exercises. in contrast, i need to use less weigth on the butterfly machine.  i upped some of the weights during pump on wednesday, too. got to remind myself to overall use more weights. - i think i am getting lazy in pump.  i am not content with the amount of cardio i did this week - i don't think i did quite so far. - discussed the amount of cardio that would be ideal with stephan, and he said i should aim for at least 3 hours, which i just barely did so far. it's just so boooring to spend that much time on the crosstrainer...oh well. need to find a way to spice it up. need to do a full hour tomorrow, too.  i am not sure whether i will continue going to fit plus class on thursday mornings. i like the social aspect of it, bettina is a great instructor, and i like the fact we do something different each week, but (and this is a major but), it's just not been challenging enough, and i've started to think it's a waste of time. in thursdays class, i didn't even break a sweat, even though i used pretty big weights for the weights part and did all the extra moves for step. so far, i've always managed to personalise my exercise in that class, but the week before, bettina told me it wasn't appropriate to use weights that class. - i don't know, why. maybe to not frighten the newbies. also, elke has been annoying me by commenting about my exercise schedule and workout intensity. we have different fitness goals, and she shouldn't be comparing us. it's that easy. i think i might keep joining fit plus for certain classes, i.e. when they do spinning, or step or pump, and only after doing my usual work out, i.e. the designated weight training for the day plus a little cardio.  i was very happy about my yoga practise this week, thurday's class went exceptionally well,   i did my first headstand  and managed to hold the crow for a short while.  i took my rest day on friday, mainly because it was v-day and i needed the morning for cozy phone time with evan. - also, i just didn't feel like working out in the afternoon or evening, i had a lazy day, and decided to enjoy it. worked ok - i had a lot more energy for my work out today. i also managed to relax during work out today. it's important that i improve the relaxation aspect and see working out as something that is a treat and good for me. - i really shouldn't stress while doing a certai exercise whether i will do two or three sets, while doing weights, i really shouldn't stress about whether i will get a crosstrainer and how long i will be working out on it. instead, i should go with the flow, decide by how i feel, concentrate on my muscles and enjoy.  sounds like a good lesson to work on this coming week.