         i had a program discussion & show at the gym today.  stephan, one of the personal trainers at my gym, first off gave me lots of positive feedback and praise, which was lovely. he kept referring to me as very experienced and advanced. yay.  i complained to him that i had grown rather bored with my weights routine, and that i needed something new to rev up my working out and keep seeing the results i already have seen (you know, the two clothes sizes less and all). stephan suggested some fab things, and we together drafted a good new work out program for me.  we decided on an almost traditional split workout, to ensure that my muscles to get enough recovery between workouts. previously, i had been doing about 4-5 weight sessions a week, sometimes without even 24 hours recovery in between. silly, and such a waste of energy.  i have two different workouts now: workout a: legs & bum (5 exercises), back (3 exercises) and biceps (1 exercise) workout b: chest (2 exercises), shoulders (3 exercises), triceps (1 exercise), abs (variations of my favourite ab exercises, for all ab sections)  we decided that i will keep reps high, namely between 20 and 25 (i started out today doing 25), and that i will do 2 or 3 sets, depending on whether the muscle is worked to its fullest after 2 sets or not. also, i will not be taking breaks between sets, but work on the opposing muscle (where possible) in the meantime. it's quite cool, while most is still machine bound, the shoulder, biceps and some of the chest exercises are all with free weigths. yay. lots of testosterone floating around the mirrors there. he. as i was doing my set b today, doing shoulder raises, a guy next to me was working his triceps and moaning so loudly and consistenly, i think i know have an idea what he sounds like when he.. well.. comes. my life was better before i that, i think.  my workout schedule for the next 12 weeks will be this:   mondays:  workout b & cardio or body pump & cardio  tuesdays:  workout a & step class & ab class  wednesdays:  body pump & cardio  thursdays:  workout b & fitplus class or cardio  fridays:  workout a & cardio  saturdays:  workout b & cardio or rest day  sundays:  workout a & cardio or rest day  there will also be -hopefully- two yoga classes, one tuesday night with ralph, one thursday night with bettina. i think i will alternate saturdays and sundays as full on rest days. i admit that it is a hefty schedule, but i think that once i have gotten used to the new exercises and found the right way to organise my workout, i will work out less per session while seeing better results and being less bored.  weeh! am very excited.