         oh, i'm such a good girl.  i went to the gym today, despite my own attempts to sabotage that plan by telling myself all the reasons i could stay at home (work, menstruation, more work, sore muscles). when it was time to leave though, i convinced myself to put on my workout gear, dropped the waterbottle and towel into the backpack, and grabbed the bike, so before i could succeed at talking myself out of it, i was on my way. good on me.  too bad though, that my first pump class in months, a class i had anticipated so much sucked. and sucked totally. i don't like alina, the instructor, anyway, but today was especially bad. i don't think she is actually qualified to teach pump in the first place.  first off, she didn't seem happy that she was there. she didn't know the routines and made them up as she went (which you just can't with pump, which is supposed to be choreographed).  she didn't speak loud enough, she didn't correct bad posture, she was out of rhythm, forgot exercises, didn't stretch afterwards.. well, she sucked, really, her class sucked, and i wish i had spend my time in a more useful manner.  i had trouble holding my temper, actually. i felt the anger rise after the leg and back exercises, because i realised i simply wasn't getting the intense workout i had hoped for. i tried to modify, but that made me feel odd, too. so yeah: it was a hard workout, and i did get sweaty, but it just was not hard enough. not nearly hard enough.  overall, that was ok though, because i was totally underfed and on the ride back shivered and shook because of low blood sugar. bad me. good i didn't have time for additional cardio, i'd collapsed on the cross trainers, or on the ride home.  now i am fed though, and the soccer is on, and almost all is ok. only almost, because dirk crashed badly with the grassboard this afternoon and his right knee is about twice its normal size. so he's in need of some tender loving care, and tomorrow morning, i'll drag him to the doc. only almost, too, because my bike is broken and about to die, and i don't have any money for a new one. grrr.  but it worked out today, and that's good. and i'll work out tomorrow, and that's good, too. and on wednesday, we'll spend the day at a spa. yay.