         The lines are getting blurry. The lines between Alaska, my online being, and "the real me" (Caro), to be exact.  I've realised that my desire to call myself "Alaska" and to seperate her from "me" isn't really there anymore. I've lived online as Alaska for the past 18 months, and somehow, it's just not that important anymore. She's not fundamentally different from Caro, but she still is someone else. Even if it's just a different  name. I think starting the blog had something to do with my change in opinion. At   OpenDiary , I had to be *someone*. I had to have a name. More work was involved in a way. More explaining, whatever. And now it's starting to feel odd to keep "her" up. I don't feel the need to hide behind "Alaska" anymore. It doesn't seem like "me" anymore. Sort of. The blog is more direct (not just because you can post tiny little tidbits). Posting at Scarleteen and talking so much with Kitto and Lin and Heather probably has something to do with it, too. Danny called me "Alaska" in one of his replies to a post of mine yesterday, and that somehow felt odd and I noticed it for the first time. Have I outgrown her?  Yes, behind Alaska is Caro; but there still is a difference. I read some of my old diary stuff, and that is Alaska, not "me". Geez, this sounds like I have a giant personality issue. Multiple Personality Disorder. *lol* Heather asked me what I'd like my site to be called at wantonhussy.com...and I really am not sure anymore whether I want it to be "/alaska". The folder is there (not that there is anything in there), but the more I think about it, the more I start to favour "/caro". Why pretend to be someone else online? This is getting pretty ridiculous, in a way. I could just as well be open about my online life and not seperate it from the real world so much. That doesn't mean I'll run around telling everyone, I just don't want to feel like I need to *change* and be different. My online life is all public yet still private in a way. Not many people know about my involvement with Scarleteen. Or my blogging or diary keeping. Ev knows about diary and blog and Scarleteen but never really reads it (I think). I don't know, really. He knows, but not which extend this has. Like how important the angels and Heather are to me. How much I enjoy the online stuff. How often I talk to everyone.  This medium was very very odd for our relationship, simply because I write stuff thinking "if he wanted to know about it, he could read up on it" and hence keep stuff to "myself" and my diary/blog that I should tell him straight out. Not very clever, I know. Tina knows about it all and Silke knows about my involvement with Scarleteen. The people at ProFa know about Scarleteen, obviously, and that I am a sexpert there. But that's it, really. And keeping it that way felt right. It doesn't really anymore.   Oh well.  I just feel that the lines are getting blurry. I don't want this compartmentalisation anymore, somehow. I think the fact I told J. about the blog today when he asked about my site (something I had already pondered a few weeks ago but dismissed as too "personal") is a sign of that, too. I guess. It did (and still does) make me nervous to know he knows about this. I don't think I am so overly important or interesting that everyone is dying to know what is going on inside my head, but giving someone who knows me pretty well and who I've shared quite a few things with (like a few years of knowing each other -5 1/2 years to be exact-, a big bunch of MSN conversations over borders and continents and two beds, too), the relatively uncensored me is still...difficult. How many people know how much I really wanted to drive a car into a concrete wall last year? Or that I am seeing Dr.K? Giving people who know me IRL is....odd. The deep dark secrets of Caro. And while I don't want to hide behind being Alaska anymore, being completely open and letting everyone run into my mind isn't exactly comforting either. It's dead frightening to be exact.  Somehow, I keep thinking that once someone sees the real me, they can't like me anymore anyway. I am only liked when I pretend to be whoever I am expected to be. In real life, until last year, I was always the bubbly, happy, smiling Caro. In fact, I still am, very often. It's easier. As Alaska, I could say that I was sad. Very sad. Depressed. Whatever. I still hid things as Alaska, but less so. I could talk about the meds that made me dizzy but that lowered my urge to jump off something. Ic oudl vent about Jen. About Ev. About everything. But now this just doesn't seem to do the trick anymore, saying this as Alaska. It's not Alaska, it's me. And me = Caro.  I just want to feel "complete". Both on- and offline.