         Went to the gym yesterday, but decided to take a little break today, as I feel as if a bit of a flu is approaching, am freezing, even though  am sitting sinside with a beanie, my   bombers  scarf and a blankie.  Tina and I worked out together yesterday afternoon, did two rounds on the weight circuit and 50 minutes on treadmill and crosstrainer; finished up with some stretching. Felt awesome afterwards, but really needed a rest today. Good point of yesterday: didn't get on the scale. :)  Finally purchased the necessary supplements, too: a multivitamin, extra vitamin C plus zinc, silica and calcium. The multivitamin is self-explanatory; the vitamin C plus zinc is there to protect from the flu and the common cold and to help in healing my piercing; the silica is there for strong nails, hair, skin and firm connective tissue (all just for my dimply thighs, that might now that I am taking extra estrogen to prevent me from getting suicidal, get even dimplier than they already are - also purchased a full blown anti-cellulite magic potion; doubt it will work, but hey, everything is worth a try, hm?) and the calcium is there to help kickstart my the fat burning action of my metabolism. Yay. Supplements rule.  Feel pretty good in my skin today, even though my eating habits -surprise, surprise- were ultra shitty again today. My body feels nice and firm, especially my legs, abs and arms. Not too shabs. Only bad thing about my body today is the allergy hell that my hands are in at the moment. I won't give details about what happened, but it involved chemical substances used to dissolve hair and already dry, itchy skin with tiny scratches. Imagine the rest: it burned like hell and was bright ref. Have been smearing all kinds of healing properties on my fingers in an attempt to make them better. But ouch, ouch, ouch. Says she who-used-to-be-able-to-use-all-kinds-of-cosmetics-without-ever-having-allergy-troubles-but-who-now-gets-more-and-more-prone-to-allergies-as-she-gets-older. No more, no more. Those days are gone.  Better body news: tomorrow.