         So I am feeling not so great today. So very not great. I could scream or shout or whatever else. Or rather cry. That would be more likely.  I really don't know what's wrong. But that's not true. Well, I do. I am angry with myself because I didn't talk about what angered me and because I now feel foolish and like the evil, always bitching girlfriend. So I said nothing. Not how much it hurt that he seriously mentioned that he'd choose time in Thailand over time over here with me. Nothing. We had such a crappy talk on the phone, I can't describe it. I feel so completely and utterly disconnected from him. He says he misses me. But does he? I have no idea. I don't feel it. I told him I'd be happy to ease the financial load once he's here, but he refused that. Why the hell? I want him here. I want a chance for our relationship. I can't come and meet him. So why can't I at least help out a little? (we're not talking tons of money here, just everyday expenses). Isn't there an us? I keep thinking: he is trying to keep this "casual" even though we passed "casual" ages ago. I am the last person who wants to whine about lack of commitment, but right now, I just want to *feel* that somehow, in some odd little way, I am important for him, that our relationship is important for him, that I *matter*.  I feel so alone.  But I feel so shitty for "demanding" attention. Or love. Or whatever. Like the distrusting, evil girlfriend. The one who always wants more and who doesn't think about what he sacrifices. Who doesn't get enough. Or whatever.  I just want to feel held. Somehow. Cared for.  I am not asking for constant spoiling. Or whatever. I don't *really* doubt that he loves me. I just don't get why he doesn't show it if he loves me. Or why he doesn't tell me in such a way that I *get* it. Or why he doesn't somehow lets me know that this, that this "us",  is important for him.    "...love is blindness i don't want to see won't you wrap the night around me  take my heart love is blindness..."   ~U2~