         Blogspot is still down, and while I can't post (but not publish), I haven't felt the urge to say much over the past 24 hours. Not much has happened anyway, Gym, studying, the usual.  Oh, and of course following this   Kaycee thing . Geez. Am still impressed by the fact my first emotion was right.   Rowena  put it quite nicely:   "Real life is about holes in your socks and running out of toilet paper, not about piggy backs up a hill to watch the sunset. Well, my life anyway.  At least I know that I am a real person. And sometimes the internet can suck bigtime."   And even if you have piggy backs up a hill to watch the sunset, you don't have them in time to document the event as your famous last words a day before you "die".  I feel sorry for those who invested emotions into this made up thing (especially   Randall ). I wish the person who caused this gets sued by the gal whose photos were used to give "Kaycee" a face, gets treated poorly by the people in the small town that she lives in and one day gets some decent psychiatric care. Or hey, Debbie, you could open up a self-help group with Gary, the idiot who still claims to be   Lisa Jain Thompson !  Anyway.  Today is Ascension day, and for the first time in years, I am not at the camp of the student exchange organisation I used to work for. Somehow makes me sad. This year, I really couldn't have gone (for money and time reasons). Hm. So today was spend quietly. Slept in (until like 8), no SPG today, and that's lovely. Put on my bikini, drenched myself in SPF 16 and spend some time lying on the scaffolding over my balcony (even more in sight for crossing planes, I swear, Flytrappy, they are lower than 1km, seriously. Could it be because I'm maybe 2 kms away from the airport?), reading Alan Gurganus' "Plays well with others, which is extremely well written. Such a fab, sad book.  Even the opening thing alone, where Hartley goes to pick up the kiddie porn and dildoes from Robert's apartment (before his Iowa parents arrive to say goodbye to their dying son) is seriously one of the best scenes in a contemporary book that I have ever read.   Basket over arm, I finally opened the broom closet. One broom tilted there, leaned on by a dingy mop. I had expected oh three dildoes, tops. I found about thirty.   Thirty dildoes are a lot of dildoes.   They were piled knee-high, like cordwood. Propped, bald, ridged, and spired. Set on end, they formed a little onion-domed Kremlin. Some used adjacent cleaning products as their splints. Clumped there, the dildo quorum appeared unionized yet disgruntled. -Like toys caught in the act of trying to become the Toy-maker. Here were Toys that'd crawled up off the floor, yeah, into an erect position, okay-but bad not evolved much beyond.  Striving? yes. Brainy? - no.  They seemed to sniff up towards me, weak-eyed rats startled by daylight. Their pointed ends -the business ends- considered my new scent. The dildoes resembles some half-familiar form of household toll (actually, I guess, they were). But their reiterated shape fell somewhere between a vacuum cleanser's "wand" and the fuselage of an old-timey batter-beating Mixmaster. They seemed hybridized with that lank, shameless, duck-faced go-between, The Plumber's Friend.  I counted thirty-two, then quit. One was red and white and blue. Most showed that sickly pink shade combining chewed bubble gum with old eyeglasses' nose rests and ear hooks meant to simulate Caucasian skin tone. Others, browner, Latin or African, appeared tree-sized, ropey saplings. And all were lasciviously detailed: lariats of vein, cobra cowls that flared - fair warning. They gaped up at me like an open-mouthed choir of retarded children, looking heavenward. Some, I recognized, were actual casts from living porn stars; there was a Jeff Stryker, a monster, but somehow Roman in its genial fluted beauty. One such menaced proved double headed as he Russian imperial eagle.    (the Dildoes later free themselves out of a Tiffany's shopping bag on the subway later and *attack* people on their way to work)   Studied a little and watched the arrival of   Bayern München  in Munich. I hate them and couldn't care less about soccer, but seeing them win the Champions League late last night was still nice. I had actually already fallen asleep but woke up when I heard people outside screaming in excitement because of the shoot-out at the end. It is a well deserved win, after all.  Anyway.  Loveliest thing of the day was chatting with Heather on the phone for the first time. Has been ages since I moved to calling with someone I only know online (I think the last person was Lou, and that surely taught me a lesson *lol*) I knew her voice from Eyada.com, so that wasn't too new, but it still is a new dimension. And it was lovely. And very funny to hear Sofia in the background and all.  This whole involvement with Scarleteen does make me happy, even though I keep bitching about stupid posters all the time. I enjoy it immesely. Have met so many awesome people through it, if only we could all just hang out together? Quelle bummer.  In addition, if I were in the US, at least I already knew someone who could do some   Nawa Shibari  on/with me. Am so very curious about this, I can't tell you. I have to talk about this with Ev (from who I haven't heard since Tuesday, I think, hm). We have to talk about sex, hell, we should be HAVING  sex. Hm. At least I offered. I really don't want to loose this connection to him. Hm. Discontent with this. Considering that I have a majority of rocking "love my body" - days at the moment.  That's it for the mo, really. All's well. Apart from my motivation to do law. Nothing new, I know. :)  Off to see what's up at the boards.   (And I want to stop mixing up UBB code and HTML. Very sucky)