         Better. Feeling a lot better.  I don't know, yesterday just sucked very much, and I really didn't feel like documenting it. The only highlight (apart from the awesome idea Flytrappy had in regards to cheering up, haven't put it into action though) was Tina coming by and being nice to me. Silke came over yesterday evening, and we had a light dinner and played "Who wants to be a millionaire?" on the puter (and I managed to get to a million and winning, too).  Today started very sucky. I had big time cramps, was moody (I am convinced now my mood changes aer influenced by moon and cycle) and whatnot and felt like staying in bed all day, but Tina came over, dragged me to the Gym and that made all the difference, really. I basically spend the morning in bed. The 45 minutes on the cross trainer weren't exactly nice, not just because I have like no cardio stamina at all anymore (very dumb, I should know better and look after my health better, after all I am at a major risk for heart disease and diabetes), but also because the lovely warm weather gave me a killer headache. Tina and I did a bunch of crunches to finish off, and afterwards, once we were in the shower, I felt heavenly. I need to work out more. Really. Not only good for my bum, but also for my mind, I guess.  Afterwards, Tina and I went grocery shopping, before she headed to Uni and I headed back home, where I first of all had a lovely nap. Yay. That made the day even better. In addition, Mom sent me a cool pack today - two books (one O'Reilly one on HTML - short & sweet -now I want  "Web-Design in a Nutshell" , and one on law and studying that I had asked for) and some yummy gummybears. Very lovely. I felt loved. Very nice. Left the puter off for a big chunck of the day, and that was prolly good, too.  Well, so today is better than yesterday. Wasn't that difficult to begin with, but still.  No news from my boy, but that's ok. I bet he's very busy at the hopsital, am dying to know how seeing babies being born was for him. Miss him. Am a little worried as to whether he has indeed called Psychobitch, and am....uhm...cautious....as to what I think about the fact that he will meet her at that party tomorrow. I just  hate  dislike her so much, I can't tell you. She sucks. So much. I firmly believe that psychobitch would do anything. I believe one call by Ev could give her a start into being dramaqueen again and making trouble, even though he assures me she is no thread. I really really try to trust him. But when I told him that on Sunday, he just said that I tried that last year and that that didn't help much. Fuck, this is just my controlling self talking here. Excuse it, please.  Don't have much more to say. Am better. And that's good.   And Flytrappy, yup, I'd bring dessert. What kind of dessert would you want?