         Bailed out of the embarrassment of a step class on Tuesday. Didn't feel like it and was passive-aggressive all day: I know I should have gone and move my butt, but somehow, I just didnt manage to.  Went to the gym this morning though, for a nice little Pump class by Julia. The room was as cold as last time. Duh. Weights: WarmUp:7kg/Squats:9kg/Chest:5kg/Back:7kg/Triceps:4kg and 2 1/2kg/Biceps:4kg (could have handled more)/Lunges:4kg (next time: more)/Shoulder:2kg Later spend 45 minutes at low intensity on the cross trainer, as ordered by Daniel.  Wore shorts today (need to hop to the laundromat tomorrow, all other sports clothes were dirty, or not piercing compatible), and woah, I think there is some change in my legs already. I usually hate wearing shorts at the gym, these legs of mine simply are to scary when in motion, but hey, every once in a while, seeing them move in a mirror shows progress - so that's what I noticed today. Less wiggle on the inside of the thighs, right above the knee, definitely. Not bad, not bad, I think. Felt good during Pump, even though I went to the gym without any brekkie, not exactly a healthy thing to do. I really need to get a grip on that eating stuff - I eat irregulary, still haven't gotten the much needed supplements for lack of funds (already have hurting open bits in the corners of my mouth), and if and when I eat, I feel sick afterwards. Plus I stepped on the scale again, which I just shouldn't do. Once a month, at the check up - not every fucking time that I am there. I swear, I am back in the grip of the numbers again, and it's all my fault, too. Yeah. What a horribly teenage thing to do, I thought I had gotten over it at 16, and now I've quite easily, within a week, fallen back into the old habit of letting my happiness be dictated by what the scale says. - Could slap myself for this stupid behaviour.  Anyway. Overall, I should be happy: I worked out today, and that felt good, and I noticed some success, so that's fine and splendid. And I'll get the rest in check, somehow, too.