         Am tired.....tired...tired...tired......from doing not much. Very odd.  Spent two hours at Planned Parenthood this afternoon discussing my work schedule and what I should start with and having a first look at the stuff for the website. Having people who don't use the net design a website is complete and utter bullshit. The basic idea isn't too bad, and as I said, the material and data is all there, it just the main concept that simply isn't exactly online-compatible or whatever. Hm. Anyway, this should still be fun. Showed off ST, and as a contrast to the poorly organised german PP website, it looked even more stunning than it looks anyway. Met Irmgard, who I will be working with in regards to the autumn celebrations. First impression: hm. Don't know whether we will be on the same wavelenght. I will only do some layout and flyers and posters, so I guess I will be able to keep  contact to a miniumum if necessary. Will be working Friday mornings from now on, prolly from 10am to 3pm or so, and that suits me very well. Well, no matter what, I bet it will be interesting, and the social contact will be good, just as the skills I'll be learning. Anyway.  Don't have much to tell really, I'm all headachy and tired yet still a little lustful. Finally read Hanne's latest story ("Visiting Julia") at   SL , very nice. Watched a beautiful, kitschy TV movie tonight,   "Sophie - Sissi's little sister" , on the life and love of the sister of Elisabeth, Empress of Austria. Very kitschy. It did, however - I swear- have the the hottest, raunchiest sex scenes I have ever seen on normal TV before midnight. The director had a slight fascination with the well proportioned ass of the male lead. Yay! Not too shabs, really. His face lacked a few things, and Tina and I both felt that something was odd about his ears  (and his accent) but he was   still good enough to look at . But that very pretty ass sure helped. That's how I like wanna-be-history TV movies. Plus I really think I need a corset now. Hm.  So what else...     Checked my   Essendon Footie tipping  for the week, and while I only had 5 points this round, I climbed up the competition ladder and am now on #2370, yay. 25 out of 40 points is still pretty embarrassing, but hey, I can't even watch the games and have to depend on the net completely.   I think   Internet time  doesn't get enough attention. I like the idea. And the fact that Biel, Switzerland, is the meridian for @time, is just cute, even though it shows that the Swiss sometimes have a little attitute prob.    Enough random things...guess I should simply head to bed now, I bet the nasty painters will start working and looking into my flat way too early. Urgh.