         Yes. It was a lovely day and a lovely night.  All started out with Tina picking me up at 4pm, telling me to get shoes and follow her. She basically kidnapped me, *lol*. Michel was waiting for us at the Uni parking lot. And that was my birthday pressie: they kidnapped me and took me to out for a picknick. Glorious, really. Such an excellent idea. We drove out into the mountains, and found a glorious spot up near some place called St.Ulrich (Geiersnest, to be specific), and relatively recently mowed field. Great view of the   Schauinsland , where Paragliders where having fun. It was lovely, really. The sky was unbelievably blue, the sun was hot, and we had this great place with a great view. Michel had baked a strawberry cake, and we three had it all. Had a bottle of champagne, too, and music, and lounged around, having a lovely time, really (even though I think Tina and I bored Michel to death with our usual girlish talk). It really was divine. Out there, I mean. *sigh* so very lovely.  Stayed out there far longer than planned, and when we were back in town (sort of around 8ish), I changed quickly, put on some make-up and headed of to Britta. We quickly cycled to Michel, who was already waiting for us. So out to the party we cycled - took about 40 minutes or so, in the going down sun. The sky an unbelievable colour of blue. It was so lovely, really, even though a pretty evil ride. Nice though, through the fields and the vineyards. Absolutely divine.  The party was divine. We partied from dusk till dawn, really. Simply the location rocked - a really large, open hut at the edge of the forest, right behind the vineyard. Lots of tables and benches in front, a large bar and dancefloor inside. Excellent 89's and 90's music which reminded me of being 15 and happy. The sky was getting darker and darker, and the moon was all small and it was just divine.  Michel, Britta and I started the night out with some beers and some champagne, sat down and quickly started to chat with some girl whose name I have already forgotten. Fritz came and brought another bottle of champagne, too; Michel went off to chat up some girls who he spend most of the party with (which was great, I was very happy to see him there having fun), and the sister of the girl who sat with us turned up, together with a guy who I thought was her boyfriend, a really interesting guy called Johannes. Talked about tons of things, Australia ans New Zealand, and this and that I got to tell the "all you need is love" story again, too,when one of Fritz's friends came over and told me she had seen Ev and me on TV back In January. *sigh*  After the Champagne bottle and some more drinks (and the first woodruff flavoured wobbly vodka jelly of the evening), the two girls, and Johannes and Britta and I moved over to the dance floor, even though the music was relatively crappy at that moment and we started to convince the icky DJ guy to put on better music, which he did after a while, and we danced. And had more drinks. And more jelly things, And just enjoyed ourselves. Cool music then, New Model Army, Nena and INXS and other good old 80's stuff and we screamed along and it was good ( "....mystify....mystify me....." ). At some point, the two girls left, while Johannes stayed, which was kinda odd, because I thought he was the boyfriend after all. But anyway. He started to flirt rather wildly, which sure was funky and good. After all, flirting is okay (and the ground rule is:  "flirting ends where kissing begins" ) and fun. So we danced and screamed and had more drinks and it was all good. Johannes and I talked about music, too, and he apparently liked what I like and found my confession that I liked The Sisters of Mercy back in my youth adorable and was practically willing to kiss the ground that I walk on. *rofl* That sure was good for my ego.  Still didn't think anything of it all. Was just having a lovely time. And after all, he knew that I am taken (or at least I thought so) and he had a girlfriend, too (or so I thought). Well, it got to  point when I realised I had to pull up my barricades again (when someone makes it quite obvious that kissing should be next and you don't want to, you should say so, I think), and so I did that. Ick. I hated it. He obviously had not heard the story of "all you need is love" as I was telling it earltier and hence didn't know I had someone. And apparently, the girl wasn't his girfriend either. Oy. And he is a cutie after all. A cutie I liked but not one I wanted. Seriously. Not for one moment did I think that anything should happen with me and him. Not for a sec. The hunting was fun. The kill wouldn't have been. I want Ev. I want to be monogamous. I want something only he can give me. And nope, this flirting - even though it was good -  wasn't even half as thrilling to make me think about *doing* anything more than flirting for a second or two.  So I had quite obviously pulled an evil typical girl thing - the ego boost. Hmph. Not nice. Oh how I hated that. If he had been in a relationship, too, it all wouldn't have been half as bad, me thinks. Ick. So I thought the rules were there (that this was gonna be flirting, nothing else) when they really weren't. Hmph. Dumb.  Very not elegant. And so I went off to get another drink or whatever else. And next time I look at the dancefloor, Britta and Johannes are smooching. I almost died laughing. There I was, one minute feeling guilty for possibly hurting someone and leading someone on, next minute he is smooching the friend I am at the party with. So the pain can't have been that bad (or he wanted to pay me back, which really didn't work out). It was hilarious. I really hyperventilated because it was so funny. How good I really didn't waste more than a minute on feeling guilty. So the rest of the party was spend laughing about this, dancing some more, drinking some more.  What made me feel bad though was that this was Britta's first kiss (or at least it looked like a kiss, she told me today, they really didn't kiss much. He kissed her face and that was that). And that this was yet another episode of: Caro gets it all (or can get it all), Britta gets nothing. And Johannes settled for the "leftover". Sickening, actually. So the evening faded away, really. It was starting to dawn. Danced some more, almost all alone, which was funky, despite it all, I was in a good mood and felt strong & sexy and good and whatnot. Later, Michel and I sat in the middle of the path between the vineyards and talked. Quite nicely. The girl he had been entertaining all evening was apparently really nice, but he was kinda sad he didn't go along and smooch, too, so we were sitting there being jealous of Britta in a way. And I missed Ev. A lot. Tons. And sitting there, I felt that it was right the way it was. Ev and me, I mean. Being monogamous. Flirting just showed me that while I find the hunt nice and entertaining, the kill really wouldn't give me anything these days. Because the only person I want is Ev.  We left soon afterwards. Despite it all, I gave Johannes my eMail addie. Not because I need more of an ego boost. Just because he is a nice guy I'd like to get to know better. And anyone who is not a law guy is good.  On the way home (riding downhill through the vineyards in the cold of dawn), it dawned on Britta that Johannes had been heavily flirting with me, and when she asked, I told her what happened. Which quite hampered her mood. Oy. She was still quite excited about the possibilty of him calling and whatnot. Oy oy.  Riding a bike after a night of heavy drinking is not always a good idea, actually. Michael and I crashed somewhere near G.town, when he hit the brakes for no apparent reason and I ran into him. Fell all on my left side, injured my elbow (all scratched an bruised) and got myself a nice collection of bruises on my legs, too. But well, there is always  some  kind of loss.  Michel and Britta came home with me (it was 6am by then) and we had some sort of breakfast (tea, coffee, bread rolls for the two of them,  cold leftover pasta for me),  before I fell asleep (or in a coma) on my floor. And the two decided to leave. *lol*. I am not a good hostess. I even removed my make up, brushed my teeth and all before I fell into bed. Woke up after not even 3 hours when I lost my sleeping mask (I sleep best in the dark, and during the day, you can't get my flat dark enough, hence the mask). Ick. No headache. But tiredness. Tiredness. More tiredness. And no clear thoughts. Had a shower. Had the last bit of pasta. Chatted with Linnie. Slept some more later. Didn't get out on the balcony because it was so hot and I feared that the left over alcohol would kill me if I sat in the sun. Didn't get fully up until late in the afternoon, really. Even went to Britta and brought her bike back. She seemed a lot more realistic then earlier in the day. Even though she totally blew this Johannes thing out of proportion. Like making up things that she would say in case he calls. Hmph.  So this was a good party, all in all. A little like being back in High School. *lol* Oh, the drama. I managed to stay on the right amount of alcohol all night. Excellent.  What annoyed me most about this Johannes thing wasn't that someone "got over me" in a matter of minutes (or wanted to make me realize what I missed out on?) but more that it played into the entire problem thing that has been an issue in my friendship with Britta. I am the one who has the boyfriend. The one who is experienced & easy going & whatever else. The one who - on a good night - feels at home in her skin and plays with her charme and flirts, just for the heck of it. The one who can have "someone" whenever she wants (that sure is an exaggeration, but you get my drift, I reckon). Britta is the complete opposite. She has never had a partner. She has never kissed. She has never had sex. She has some issues with insecurity & coming across as the friend type, not the girlfriend type. Her virginity is a stigma for her. Totally. No matter how hard I try to re-assure her it isn't so. Someone who has had plenty of sex can always say it isn't a biggie. And after a few years (5 or so, to be exact), the line does get a little old.  And now this Johannes thing totally played into this thing. Totally. Someone who couldn't *get* me, settled for her. Ick. She gets what I don't want, if she gets anything at all.  Ick. Ick. Ick.  And he knew what he was doing there. No doubt about it. He even commented that he thought she was insecure. How sickening is that?  Anyway. Even though this all sounds rather bad now, in type, I mean. It was indeed a hilarious day & evening. It was fun. Even the drama had an entertaining quality about it. I need more days & nights like this one. Definitely. I need fun and dancing and interesting people and dancing under stars and sitting on hills having strawberry cake and laughing about someone who's pulling a shitty trick and feeling good in missing Ev.  Off to bed now. I need sleep. More sleep. Lots of sleep.