         It's Friday morning and I am waiting for the repair guys to arrive. Hot water. I will have hot water again. Unbelievable. It has been a week. It really has been good that I have been so busy gym wise. It has been fun. And I am less sore today, yeah. Will prolly go and get a work out tonight, depending on whether I get hold of everyone early enough. I looked at my stomach this morn, and it finally looks & feels streamlined again and is nice and firm. I love my stomach, the muscles there are so strong. Very cool. Took some more self-portraits yesterday, on the fil that already has these window pics I took lying on the scaffolding the other day. This time, I photographed various body parts. *lol* Wonder whether these will come out well at all, I actually doubt it, the camera sucks pretty much at arms length. Took some random shoulder and breast photos. If they do come out, Ev should love them, he loves my shoulders and tits after all. If they don't come out well...then at least the people at the developing place have something to laugh about. :)   My flat is the tidiest it has been in weeks, really, I just need to hoover and wipe over my puter and the desk. And clean the kitchen floor. But anyway. In general, this place is clean. The curtains are open and the sun floats into the room passing the geranias (pink and red; the red one at least looks a little healthier than earlier in the week) and lobelias (dark blue), the little pot with the yellow gerbera daisies and the large pot spilling with allyssum (white) on my balcony. Lovely.  Today shall be busy. Once the repair guys have arrived & installed the new hot water thing I should shower and get my bum to ProFa. Looking forward to working with Gerhard. I'll be there till three, from there straight to Dr.K. The rest of the day shall be spend contacting people who might want to come along tomorrow and shopping for some food and drink. It really is odd. I am so NOT in the mood to celebrate my birthday. Going to Fritz's party is lovely. It won't be about me. But the thought of people coming here just *because* of me. Ick. I have been so antisocial lately and have neglected so many people that the idea of asking them to come celebrate feels fake. I just don't think my birthday is very important this year. Sure, I am excitedly waiting for whatever might come in the mail from Ev, (and everyone else who is far away yet loves me for that matter), but a real celebration? Don't really feel like it. Hmph. I'd so much prefer this day to be just over. Tomorrow, I mean. Let's just skip it. Let me unpack my pressies, have fun at Fritz' party...but let's forget about it being my birthday, really. I feel so antisocial just wanting to celebrate it with Tina and Michel. Britta will come along, too, but then...I feel bad wanting to call Silke for this. Or Felix. Or anyone else for that matter. Anyway. It's just my birthday. It isn't really terribly important in the grand scheme of things.  I just wish I could throw a girly party with Lin and Kitten and Heather and whoever else who would want to come along. Some nice cocktails and shopping for nail polish at Sephora. Or for lingerie. Or for some cool harnasses with flames. Or whatever, you get my drift. Hmph. Or a day with Ev. Sleeping in, having wake up sex, breakfast somewhere, a loungy day without worries at a nice sunny place. I miss him. A lot.   Oh well.  Finally made Michel's birthday tape last night. It's a pretty summery if melancholic  "sitting on the balcony on a summer evening sipping some cooled white wine"  - kinda tape. I'd actually keep it, it turned out nice, and surprisingly, both sides end perfectly, without any calculating. Quite amazing. It's not outrageous in any way, really. It's just stuff I like, put together. And it's nice.     side a  dave matthews & tim reynolds - #41 (live) chris cacavas - anonymous the whitlams - no aphrodisiac niels frevert - polyacryl alex lloyd - my way home tab two - heaven's too high powderfinger - these days u2 - walk on gomez - rosemary   side b  tex perkins - to us somethign for kate - the astronaut radiohead - how to disappear completely david gray - this year's love dido - take my hand the jeremy days - brand new toy (live) nationalgalerie - immer wieder sonntags the verve - space & time powderfinger - the day you come