         So I've been lazy with my blog. Didn't have much to say, really. Anything I would have said yesterday would have been lots of swearing, basically, because I have no warm water at the moment. The warm water thing broke, and the idiot who was supposed to repair it claimed that he needed some extra parts that he didn't have but would magically have on Monday morning at 7am. Oh, sure. What bullshit.  Because showering with ice cold water sucks, I went to the gym this morn, stinky and all, to get more stinky and have a shower there. How icky, really.  Oh well.  Didn't do much yesterday and today, the weather is pretty sucky (lots of rain & thunder & lightning) and I was sleepy and headachy and spent lots of time reading. Gave up on   "American Psycho"  last night, because I reached the first ickiest killing scene (where Pat Bateman nails his ex Bethany to the floor) and decided that this isn't the moment for reading about bitten off nipples and rats in vaginas and bitten of private parts. The book still is hilariously funny partly, and so very 80's, but right now that violence...uhm, no thanks. Don't even know why I started re-reading it. - What was I thinking? Started   Glamorama  instead, lets see how far that gets. Just feel like reading some Bret Easton Ellis, I want some superficiality and catchy writing, but not those super-drastic killing and torture scenes, Glamorama is at least partly tamer. Even though I still vividly remember that cut off penis scene and the death through an overdose of RU-486 (even though that is medically impossible, not well researched, Mr.Ellis). Yeah.  It's all pretty ok at the mo. Got an eMail from my friend Xan from Oz and he and his theatre group have been invited to a festival over here, so I shall see him (and his fabulous fabulous play) as soon as what - in 10 days? Unbelievable. So am looking forward to that. Had a lovely phone call with my boy today, too, who was adorable and nice, if very sick and very male in insisting this was no reason to stop working out. The little work out addict. :) Weird that he has transformed into this work out machine lately. Hope I can keep up with him. Need to work out more. Oy. It was all very adorable and nice, and I felt close to him. All the way it should be. He dreamt of me the other day. How lovely. Reminds me that I need to take care of that eMail that's been sitting here for a while.  Cleaned up my computer today, too, streamlined my desktop and chose a new desktop pic. Lovely - even though I swear it will get odd comments if anyone ever sees that. *lol*. Me the evil, odd things liking gal. Hehehe.  I actually stumbled over a surprisingly good german BDSM site,   lustschmerz , yesterday, too. Am mucho impressed by the standard, even though they still miss some basics and put quite a bit of focus on things I personally am not  and will never be interested in (and their art is...not to my taste, either. ick leather. ick.). However, decent in regards to Safer Sex issues, and very good on current happenings, too. Also stumbled over the worlds worst amateur website that nearly made me throw up. It was so bad I won't link to it.   Lin  couldn't access it (Porn is, after all, not allowed in Singapore, even though she could, till now, get to everything - so maybe the law in Singapore actually provides quality control?), so I send her some pics and she agreed wholeheartedly. Icky fake breasts, icky dark tan, icky long pink fingernails. And above all: ICKY ICKY ICKY unsafe sex. Cumshot photos make me throw up, if I know that the ugly man at the other end of that penis is just a regular member of that site and not a pro. Unprotected oral sex. Unprotected anal sex without lube (that's what that person actually said herself) with ejaculation. How very uncool. And how very unsexy. Ick. Does anyone ever find that appealing?  All was good at Profa on Friday, btw. (wow, from bad amateur websites to volunteering? very elegant.) Met Gerhard, the new volunteer, for the first time, and we got along extremely well. We're going to work on the website together, and if Friday was any indication, it should be a lot of fun, really. We do like the same things style wise, and that should all work out well. Plus he is a pro, too, which was a very delightful change to all those web-illiterates.  Anyway. That much for the mo, really. More soonish.