         Am watching   CNN  and am troubled by weird emotions. For Timothy McVeigh, I mean. Here is the world, counting down the last hours of his life. I can't really say what exactly I feel here. I am not sorry. Or just not *just* sorry. Not sorry in the real sense of sorry, because he committed the bombings in Oklahoma well knowing what this might hold for him in the end. You live somewhere, you know the laws. You act accordingly. And if not, you get the result you *deserve*. I am not just *sorry* because he seems to enjoy the media attention, and the martyrdom he will reach through being executed for an attack against the US federal government, which will make him an icon in the fading militia movement. But still, somewhere, under the disgust at that guy who drove that Ryder truck in front of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma on April 19th, 1995 (goodness, those April days are dangeours...Waco, Columbine, Oklahoma, Hitler's birthday...) which resulted in the killing of 168 people, and the injury of about 850, I am sorry for him. Somehow sorry. Even though I can understand that people say: "If you have the death penalty, this is the case when you have it."  It's the death penalty, really. I don't excuse McVeighs actions here, at all. What he did was evil, he is guilty, he has confessed (if outside the courtroom) and he deserves punishment. But not this. No one deserves this. Sitting on death row, and being killed by a state.  It won't make the family's pain who have lost loved ones go away. It might bring some closure. But it won't eliminate their pain.  I think what makes the death penalty unjust and cruel punishment  is what is happening right now, that waiting for "the day". The rituals. The last meal. The time frame during which things happen leading up to the execution. The fact this happens either at midnight or early in the morning.  How do you feel, being locked up in the cell near the killing room? How do you feel, sitting in your cell, behing watched, waiting for them to get you? How do you feel seeing your time ticking away? How do you feel, lying on that guerney, hearing the last words you will ever hear (which in McVeigh's case will apparently be "we are ready")? It will sound absolutely ridiculous if I say that an episode of 21 Jump Street (titled:"2245")  largely influenced my stand on the death penalty, but 'tis the truth. They showed the execution of this guy who looked like Anthony Kiedis for a crime his girlfriend committed after a policeman had made a mistake (if I remember that correctly).  And how do the people involved feel? The wardens who dress him for the last time, those who tie him to the guerney. How do you feel you are the last one touching someone who is about to be killed. Adjusting a ECG knowing this person will die. How do you feel as the person who is tricked into believing  "it's not me that's causing this"  because two people press a button to release the triple injection. What do thee witnesses feel. Or the lawyers. Or the family of the convicted killer.  Apart from this being cruel and unusual punishment in general (and how can a state say that killing is wrong and then kill, too?), I personally think killing McVeigh with all this attention, discussing the flavour of the ice cream that constituted his last dinner, this entire media circus, is not helping at all. If they had put him into some prison where he would have stayed for the rest of his life, it would have slowed down. And no one would have cared, say 5, 10, 15 years down the road. But now, he is sacrificing himself by not fighting this execution anymore, and will forever be up there as someone who died "because he fought" the US government.  This is all sickening. Very very sickening.  And I wonder whether we won't hear sometime today, which company manufactured the ice cream McVeigh had. So how shall the PR people of Ben'n'Jerry's, Baskin Robbins or Häagen Dasz react?  Be appalled or say:   "Well, we'd choose our ice cream as a last meal, too."  ?     I feel like burning an American flag.