         So I mentioned briefly that I was tempted to go to NYC next month. I am very tempted, thanks J. for making things worse! :)  All started when Heather mentioned sometime this week that she was wondering whether I it would be cheap to hop over the big pond to join her in NY for the webzine convention & panel discussion that allowed sexuality sites to participate for the first time. Hm. So I looked into flights. Looked at my empty account. Imagined myself in New York, the only place in the US apart from San Francisco that I really want to see. Saw yellow cabs, and the Chrysler building and whatever else. Thought about meeting all those people I really want to see and that I really need to meet them before I make my way downunder, just because I'll be so much further away from them.  But.  Really, as much as I would love to go, and as tempting it is to fly over and meet all those fabbo people (and on top of it all: J!)....nah. I just don't think it's gonna work. Not this time.     The dollar sucks muchly at the moment, and the little money that I have is worth nothing over there. It would be very expensive, even if I score a cheap flight. We're talking roughly 2 1/2 times my monthly allowance.  Borrowing money from the bank is impossible. I'd hence have to borrow money from the parentals (which is tricky and not desirable in itself) and somehow explain why I am going. And going to NY and not to Australia. Duh. And as lovely as my rents are and as lovely and understanding they are and as much as they want me to travel, I am not quite sure whether any money would make its way to me if I told them the real deal about all my online activities and this trip.  Even if I found a non-parental way to finance this trip (aka Fabian's Lufthansa miles), I would still have to explain it.  So even if I could find a way to pay for this, how can I be mad at Ev for wanting to go other places but here, tell him I can't come to see him this year yet spend at least 2000DM (i.e one flight to Australia) on a 7 day trip to NY?  Plus The timing isn't ideal: the semester will still be on. And I will hopefully go to see U2 at just around that time in Cologne.    So.  I am afraid my rational self has to prevail here. If it was a month later...maybe. If it wasn't this year where I really need to get through that one law class.  If it wasn't for the hole in my account. If it wasn't for Australia next year (and the 24.000$ AUS that I will need for tuition alone). And for the U2 concert. But under these circumstances....nope. It just wouldn't really work. :( Quelle bummer.