         Have gotten over Thursday's shock of knowing my weight and body fat percentage, and also over the trainer's shitty and condescending tone.  - And have been working my little ass off at the gym, according to the boring little plan I have been ordered to adhere to. It's fear, I swear. And well, I guess the trainer's tactic has worked out, after all.  So on each gym visit, I've spend an hour on either the treadmill or crosstrainer, have fought my way 3 times through the weight machine circuit (leaving out one leg machine, as lying on there made my piercing living hell) and finished it up quite nicely with some stretching. - Uncortunately, not enough stretching, especially in my shoulder and lat region. Part of it is the cold weather, I guess. Longed for it, and now it's there silly me hasn't been diligent enough about wrapping up warmly enough (and not clever enough to turn the heater on on time, and not good enough about supplements that would make me less prone to soreness), especially not on my way home from the gym. I want a back massage with some nice smelling oil in a really really warm room now. From my toyboy, preferrably. Without me having to ask. And without me having to ask for more.  In any way, I've been working out lots, and am feeling pretty good bodywise. - Even though I hate the fact how much these stupid two numbers have influenced me already. Stepped on the scale at the gym again today (a different one than on Thursday), and while I was wearing more, it showed 2kg less than on Thursday. Odd. I guess one of them is wrong then. And duh, I should just not let it bother me at all.  More gym tomorrow. For tonight, I think a really hot shower and a self massage are in order again. Thankfully, I won't freeze to death in the bathroom anymore, as I finally figured out what the hell was wrong with the heater in there. One day, I will live in a house were the heating doesn't decide to go odd every few weeks, were there is hot water in unlimited supply, and where the heating can be regulated during the day, too. One fine day.  When that day arrives (will be a few years before I can afford all that), I will probably also have reduced my body fat % by 1/3.