         So I am back.  I just discovered, that my notice of absence wasn't up. Duh. It posted but ot published somehow, when I left it about 3 minutes before I left my flat on Friday morn to catch my train.  The weekend was okay, but right now I feel sad and lonely and tired. And whatever else. But I think I shall start ...where...on Thursday?  Yes. Tina's party on  Thursday . It all started pretty okay, but somewhere along the line, something went wrong. I don't know. I think I just missed the right time to get terribly smashed myself and not find everyone as stupid as I did. Maybe I have simply lost the ability to hold meaningless conversations. Maybe I can't flirt anymore. In any case, something went wrong, and it jsut sucked. Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves, just not me. And when I decided to get smashed, no alcohol that I tolerate was left. Tina was practically bouncing off the walls, being happily drunk and bold and whatever. And I just stood there and just felt lonely and boring and sad and pathetic and ugly. To top everything off, when I decided that catching a cab home was the best thing I could do, I asked Michel whether he wanted to stay or leave or whatever, and he made a ridiculous statement about him *needing* me there and wanting me there and *not being able to live without me*. Or whatever. I have forgotten half of it already. I would have usually laughed about it and not cared very much, but on top of this party that was fun for everyone but me, it sucked. Very very much. I know, I shouldn't take this serious. But still. I mean, we had that trouble before. Yes, it's lovely to get attention from him (from anyone, though, too), and it has been lovely ever since I met him back in November, but in the grand scheme of things, I had simply hoped that we were over that crap.  Oh well.  When I came home on early Friday morn, I whined about that online to J. for a while. Hm. I still am not sure whether it was good to share all this. But then. Why not? Why the hell not?  Anyway. I slept for like 2 hours before I had to get up and ready to leave on  Friday  morn. The train ride sucked. I was tired. I sat in a sucky compartment with sucky people. I slept for big chunks of time. Arrived home at 1pm, mom picked me up at the train station. got my hair cut in the afternoon, did some washing, visited grandma, and got myself blisters so evil while wearing my Campers without socks (yes, I am dumb, yes, I should have known that barefoot soles are NOT enough, yes, yes, yes) that I had to get some backless shoes to be able to walk. Seriously. Very sucky. My Dad was kind enough to go shoe shopping with me, which is always hassle free and nice, and I left the shop with some nice sporty black slides and a pair of   strappy slides  (that look very much like my old ones). My rents and I went out for dinner that night, some cheap, unpretentious greek food, which always reminds me of my summer camps and late night drinking. Yum.   Saturday , I finally went on a successful shopping spree. It had been ages, really, and while going alone sure wasn't very entertaining (I hate it), and while the mall was crowded, crowded, crowded, I did find some nice pants (  relatively straight medium wide 7/8 stretchy khaki pants ), a nice knitted top (  with bold beige, red & white stripes ) and a few basic T-Shirts from GAP. At least something, I reckon. Did try lots of things on and thought about lots of things, and decided that all my recent working out DOES make a difference about how I feel when looking at evil mall mirrors. Found a nice skirt at GAP, but as usual, I was between sizes, and it just didn't look nice. Duh. Had a little fit at Esprit, who just opened (apparently one of 5 worldwide) giant flagship stores at my mall. Why do they think size 10 is the biggest they should make? aaarrrgh. Anyway.  Came home tired and crabby until my mood was lifted by a   Chicken Supreme . I swear, it is the only burger I have ever eaten in my entire life. The only fast food I *really* like and eat these days. And I love it to death. Yum. (*sings*  "...all the places you have been trying to find a chicken supreme a chicke supreme....." ) Was a good girl for the rest of the day, visited my grandmom, made a cake for the visit to my brothers place, watched TV with the parentals. All very tame. Slept in a little on  Sunday , read a sucky book called "God's brain" which was less than sci-fi B-movie material (someone basically goes around stealing brains from top scientists, throws the brains of the 7 top scientists into a big petri dish, adds some stuff to connect them and causes the end of the world. whoopeee!). Talked to Ev on the phone for half an hour. Visited grandmother again, drove to D. to visit Fabian and his girlfriend in Fabians pretty new flat. Nice afternoon was had by all. My cake was yummy, I had a good chat with Cordu (even though there are only bad news in regards to her Dad's health), Fabian did indeed get me some italian women's mags on one of his recent business trips to Milano. I am a sucker for italian editions of Elle, Vogue and Marie Claire, simply because they make for good loo reading and make me look oh-so-sophisticated. *lol* Sunday night, I watched a movie on Prague with my dad (he's going there next week and I am as jealous as hell) and read some more. And  Today  was basically spend packing, on a train, unpacking, catching up with everyone online.  A boring weekend, in all, I s'pose, but it was good.  So why the hell am I feeling so low now? I simply feel very lonely. Lost. Whatever. I just feel like no one cares about me. No one picks me up at the train station. No one. I miss having a relationship. I miss having a life. I miss being desired. When the train stopped at Frankfurt airport, I could have just jumped out and caught the next plane...somewhere. I just don't want to be where I am right now. I want to be feel at home somewhere, with someone. I miss feeling close to Ev, which I just don't feel right now. I read   grim's latest entry  and what   Kate  wrote about his leaving, and it just made me extra sad, on top of it all. I had that intensity, too. Sometime in the  past. I wish someone would miss me, too. I wish I knew that Ev does that. I really don't know. And it just makes me so tired of it all. This loneliness and unhappiness and role playing. So tired of life.    Hello darkness my old friend.