          Things I should bring up during Thursday's trainer appointment:     My main goal is literally  turning my life around . I've never been skinny, and due to the way my body is shaped, I will probably never be skinny, but I want to be fit. Really really fit. I do not want to continue life with the sort of bum and legs that I have now, and I know that I don't have to, because I have achieved some change before (namely back in 1998).   Symbolic for the physical (and mental) change I want to achieve is  riding up Mt.Ventoux  in the Provence in September next year. I can't and don't want to start cycling outside in this season (because of weather, and lack of bike), so my main goals over the winter will be (in order of importance):     loosing weight ; I weigh far too much to cycle up any mountain, and do not have a cyclist's body at all. I have strong legs and a strong torso (important for good transmission and stability), but I carry far too much extra around with me.   lowering body fat ; obviously. That's what all the extra weight is, after all. Am willing to carry muscles up that mountain, but not wobbly fat that will make me look horrid in bike shorts.   gaining stamina ; - by cycling & spinning classes, obviously, and time on the crosstrainer. I am not sure about amount of training and intensity though. What can I do to keep stamina/cardio training entertaining? What about classes other than spinning and about overtraining? - I have a tendency to push myself too hard, and work in a heart rate zone that is counterproductive.   gaining strength and toning up ; - but without bulking up my legs, which works way too well with my genetic and hormonal make up. Main target zones are my legs, bum and abs, - and I want some nice shoulders again, too. I don't need to target my arms too much, goinf BodyPump will take care of them well enough.   gaining flexibility ; I do not stretch enough. I would have loved to do Yoga, but Surya just isn't an instructor I can get along or feel comfortable with. Thankfully, I can do Yoga and Stretchig at home, too.    I do not have any health issues that stand counter to working out. My right shoulder was injured several years ago, but is pretty much fine, as long as I don't play Badminton or Tennis (or any sport with a stess on upward motion in the shoulder), which I don't plan on doing anyway. In contrast, I hope that regular working out witll help with my moods.   I do not want to become a  slave to the scale , as I used to have disordered eating in my teens, which brought me to the shape and size that I am now. I am well aware though, that I need the scale and the body fat percentage scale to help evaluate my success. It would be ok to weigh myself once or twice a month, but I do not want to base my success solely on weight. - I am far happier not worrying about numbers.   I need to change my  eating habits  again, which have really deteriorated as of lately. Less fat, no skipping meals, more veges, more fruit.   I am willing to invest lots of  time and effort  into achieving my goal. I am willing to go to the gym 4 to 5 times a week.    Things I enjoy : BodyPump, Spinning, Tae-Bo (once I am in better shape, that is), rather athletic stuff.     Things I don't enjoy : Work on the machines, free weights, standard Aerobics classes; anything with a Choreography (at least not on a regular basis).