         Bodypump class and an hour on the Crosstrainer today.  Went to the gym in the morn, and am now at home and feeling pretty good, if a bit tired, and still tense. Bodypump was with Julia, the class was full of people I know, and quite nice; however, the room was way too cold, and I am rather worried about what kind of effect that will have had on my muscles. I tried to push the boundaries weight wise a little: WarmUp: 7kg / Legs (Squats): 9kg / Chest: 5kg / Back: 7kg / Triceps: 4kg / Biceps: 4kg / Legs (Lunges): 4 kg / Shoulders: 2kg Managed, even though the squats, chest and triceps weights indeed were the absolute boundary. Struggled with the shoulder excercises, but then I always do, and refuse to go down with that weight.  All in all, it was good, even though I again had trouble with the lower ab excercises and some stretching moves because of the fresh piercing. Did other stuff during that time though. tis day 5 of being pierced, and as predicted, the initial infection is happening, even though it is far less severe than it was with Tinas belly-button, just some redness right were the ball rests, no crusting, no fluid. - Am still super diligent with regular warm saline soaks (3 times a day when possible), gentle cleaning with the cleaning solution and under the shower, disinfection after each cleaning, and clean, not too tight clothing over it.  After Pump, I thought I'd do 30 minutes on the Crosstrainer (wasn't in the mood for the bike today), but once the 30 minutes were over, I felt so good that I did 30 more minutes. Burned off rougly 700 kcal in 60 minutes, at Cardio Heart rate. - And was terribly hungry then. My stomach was growling while I was under the shower, I swear. My eating today was almost normal, if still not terribly good, had bread rolls for brekkie and some pasta with tomatosauce and mozzarella. Quite nice, even though I wasn't enjoying it but basiclaly ate to make that growling go away.  Anyway. Am pretty conten if tiredt, and now in relaxation and recovery mood until tomorrow night's trainer appointment. Need to figure out today what exactly I tell him I want to achieve (found out today that it's gonna be an appointment with Daniel, not Stephan, and I don't mind at all. Like Daniel much better.). Also need to treat myself to a hot shower and ayuvedic self-massage. - I really am so worried about soreness tomorrow, that cold room wasn't good.  All about my grandiose plans and goals later.