         Am feeling pretty well physically today.  My mind is already playing me tricks and telling me that I already look and feel tons better. :) While my muscles indeed react shockingly quickly to exercise (prolly because of all that testosterone that would usually be flushing through my system), all I feel now is probably just that nice tense, worked at feeling my muscles get a few days after a workout. - Just my shoulder muscles hurt a little. I could do with a little back rub now.  Just came back from a Bodypump class held by Beatrice, who is still the boring, unimaginative instructor she has always been. - But then, it really doesn't matter much with Bodypump, as the instructor doesn't get to make any choices in regards to the class anyway. Was a nice class, I just love how my body knows the entire set, and falls back into the exercises quite easily (and I just love the "clean and press"), - even though I realised that I was weight wise pretty much at the embarrasing low max of what I can currently do (Warm up: 5kg/ Squats: 7kg/ Chest: 4kg/ Back: 5kg/ Triceps: 4kg/ Biceps: 4kg/ Lunges: 4kg/ Shoulders: 2kg). It was still fun, and I am nicely exhausted.  Managed to do the entire class quite nicely, even though I was overly cautious in regards to my piercing: during the ab section, all things sideways were rather uncomfy, and I was super cautoious with all Rowing exercises - If you do them too enthusiastically (and in the wrong way) you can easily hit yourself in the navel region with the barbell each and every time. Duh. Before the class, I spend 10 minutes on a spinning bike and 20 minutes on the crosstrainer, burning a decent 300Kcal on the latter (and following my own 1/3 needs to be on the bike rule). - The WarmUp in Pump usually just isn't enough and I end up with icky sore muscles, and with the slight discomfort in my shoulders from yesterday, some low impact cardiostuff seemed like a good option before the class.  Anyway.  We'll see tomorrow whether it has paid off or not. No working out tomorrow, btw. - I need to give my poor hurting navel a bit of a rest. And a nice warm saline soak now.  Foodwise, today was unsuccessful: I almost ate nothing, and what I ate wasn't top class at all. I really need to get some change into this eating business. - But again, food didn't feel quite right. Duh. Tomorrow has to be better.