         It's yet another day that looks like snow but won't bring any, I overslept by 90 minutes yet again, I still have a giant unwritten to-do list (even though my toyboy informed me that one of his friends would gladly take the job of organising accomodation in Amsterdam from me), haven't checked out the paper instructions yet, there's still that giant pile of clothing on my floor and I still haven't convinced myself that I have to drag my bum to the gym (need to repeat my  "I want to look good naked"  mantra more often, obviously).  No matter what, there still are some entertaining things in this world, and I need to remind myself of them. I usually don't laugh about accidents, but really, while searching for unimportant info, I came up with this CNN newsbit from 1999:   Bird slams into Fabio's face    "It was a shocking scene as hunky model Fabio stepped off the inaugural run of a roller coaster Tuesday, his nose splattered with blood. But the man seen on dozens of romance book covers proved to be OK after an unfortunate bird apparently collided with Fabio's face sometime during the ride."   Please check out the article for the photo. Please. Fabio must have cheekbones of steel for that doomed bird to die on them without harm to Fabio.  Also, late last night,   Kitto and I surfed for some porn featuring nude males . We checked out an entire section of a not-to-be-named website, featuring nude men, and well, it was very dissapointing. Nothing about those photos was appealing. Nothing at all. Either the chap looked underage and tore at his foreskin (nothing bad about a foreskin, but please, why tear at it?), or the penile dimensions were simply way too scary, or they had the worst faces, or looked like they spent an hour a day on body hair removal, others were resting their penii on furniture, and almost all featured that horrid  look-here-at-my-package  penis presenting hand thing.  One thing was most disturbing though, and   Kitto  put it nicely.  "Where did they find these guys? Seriously. And how and why would one tie a penis into a knot? And what do you do with it after you've got it knotted? Is that even physically possible?"   That was actually the most disturbing thing. I am still not convinced as to what these two people did with their penises, tie them in a knot, use strange cockrings, wrap their testicles around their penis from behind or enhance the photos with photoshop. - I thought I had seen it all, but quite obviously, I hadn't. The stuff really was bad and not at all sexy, or hot, or anything really. I guess part of it is the fact Kitto and I are not  really  the target group, I guess: hardly anyone shoots naked males explicitly for women. Part of why it wasn't hot at all was probably the cheapo in your face thing, too. To be honest: The artistic shot of a slim man in lots of autumn leaves where you do *not* see any genitals, but his rather stunning eyes instead and his lovely very real body, is just so much sexier than any of the stuff Kitto and I looked at last night. It's the general "mainstream" porn thing I guess, I just don't find the usual stuff appealing at all, no matter whether it's men or women. Nothing leaves me colder then the standard on the beach Playboy shoot.  Anyway. I do have some sources of good porn, and will continue to enjoy these, and enjoy the occassional photos of the certain beautiful male, indeed.  On a final note, I wasted precious time by reading recaps at   Mighty Big TV . Oh, I love the opinionated stuff. Especially about   the episode of "Making the Band" where Ashley leaves his make-up loaden, dumb galpal Shelli . Yes, I think that Making the Band is entertaining . And   Popstars , too. And even worse, I think I might have developed a fascination for   "The Pretender" . Please shoot me.  Off to move my bum, I think, and start the paper. Oh, and I might want to think about some eating, too.