My day started off pretty well, but my cough got much worse.  I hate to admit it but it was prolly my early morning run.  You know what I just realized.  Way back in the day, I think that I picked up the phrase 'prolly' from Kent and it just kinda stuck.  And now, I think about it.  Some of the other slang that I use is been rubbed onto me from others, as well.  I wonder if anyone starts saying 'pop' instead of 'soda'?  *^_^*  Heehee..anyway, I'm feeling mixed right now.  I have a bunch of things going through my head and none of them have anything to do with my 20 page paper.  By the way, I reread what I wrote last week and it makes no sense whatsoever, so I decided to give up and rewrite the whole thing.  I trashed the old paper and began anew.  I already have eleven pages which isn't bad for a day and half.  But still..I'm going to be pretty tired.  I think that I need sleep before I work on my paper.  So much is going on.  I want to quit work so I can concentrate on school.  I want to study for my grad school exams right now and take them.  I want to concentrate on one thing at a time.  Don't worry..I'm just whining right now.  Just feeling overwhelmed from work.  And frustrated because of them.  One job ~ I have to come back during my spring break to work for them because they're already not too happy about me taking off a few days to go to Chicago.  Man..they already made me stay here during winter break anyway.  Sheesh..the other job?  They're requesting me to work 30 hours during my finals week.  I miss Carrillo so much.  I felt much more appreciated there and they didn't force us to work more hours.  And THEY called me.  I was in the middle of coughing my heart out when they called me.  They heard me coughing, instead of asking if I was okay or something considerate, their exact wording was 'Hope that you die soon.'  That caught me off guard and made me want to cry.  I know that I've built myself up to be strong against them, but I'm feeling so weak right now and they just have to beat up on me further when I'm weak.  What did I do so wrong that makes them hate me?  I don't know, and their only excuse is that I was born a female.  I was born into my family.  My very existence is their problem.  They have nothing better to do except berate me...they make me feel so bad about myself...=o(