My darling sisters, thank you for being there for me.  Words fail to express the immense gratitude and love that I feel for all of you.  I'm just so tired right now and fighting off any chance of sickness.  As usual, I'm proud of us and how far we've gotten so far.  I know that this is just the beginning, but we've come a long way.  After spending so much time together, I adore each one of us more and more.  I thank you for making me smile and for making me feel better.  These past two days, we've all spent so much time together.  I'm sorry that we didn't get a chance to serve today...it's okay though.  We have other chances and I know that everything will be okay.  It's already dead week and finals loom at the end of the week.  I dread those finals.  At least, I have Chicago to look forward to and then, I'll be back in SB to work during my spring break, but at the end of it all, I'm going up to Santa Cruz.  *^_^*  My only thing is that I'm going to miss my sisters soo much when we all go on our separate paths for Spring Break.  I guess that another reason why I'm so tired is that I went to the doctor's.  Something happened and I kinda wanted it checked out.  I don't know why I went when I think that I knew what had already happened.  The emptiness inside of me is the same as before and that hollow sinking feeling was present.  I took some tests and the doctor gave me three possibilities but I think that I already know the answer.  They will know for sure as time passes, but I know already..kinda sucky though having that feeling.  *bleah*  I guess that's another reason why I'm so exhausted.  There is alot going on right now, but I'm trusting everything into the Lord's hands.  I am taking life one stride at a time and I close my eyes blindly to take your hand to allow you to guide me on this journey of life.  You have a plan for me and everything happens for a reason.  I know that despite whatever problems I am facing, I will prevail and I will grow stronger in my faith in you and stronger as a person.  He is so amazing and great!  *^_^*