SH*T...I need to stop sobbing right now.  I'm just crying and pouring my heart out in front of my computer.  What's wrong?  What's all this crap that I keep on hinting about in my life?  Alright, I'm going to spill some but some of it..I'm just not ready to share at all.  So, I'll just share some of the less personal and secretive stuff.  I have definite results from the doctors and have scheduled for surgery time already and treatment, too.  It's not good.  It doesn't look good.  My chances are so slim right now.  I thought that I was doing okay, but I guess that when you take things for granted, that's when life decides to screw you over.  Just remember that.  NEVER ever take anything for granted.  Darn it.  I found out last week that my Godfather was dying and I was trying to plan a trip up north to San Jose to visit him in the hospital.  He called me up asking me when I was going to be there.  I told him that I'd prolly go up there next month because I had school and other stuff going on.  I had a rough day today.  I had work at 5:15am and didn't get off until 10am.  Once I got home, I had to finish an eight page paper.  In addition to that, I had to finish up my taxes.  I had work at noon.  Amazingly enough, the Lord was watching over me and let my paper just flow pretty easily and my taxes - I didn't come across too many difficulties with them.  I had work and then, classes from 1pm to 7:45pm.  And then, in between class and practice, my mom left me a voice message saying that my Godfather had passed away that morning.  God, why am I so stupid?  Why didn't I just rush up north in a heartbeat like I should have??  Why couldn't I have been there?  Why did I take him for granted?  I hate myself for not being there when I could have been there.  Thank you, my pledge sisters.  You, my sisters, have been amazing.  You make me smile and distract me.  Being with you is like being in a whole new world where my problems are temporarily set aside.  I'm sorry though that I couldn't stay any longer.  My heart was breaking inside.  There has just been so much happening.  In case, I didn't say anything, for sure, I'll be quitting my job at De La Guerra because it conflicts with my health and I need that extra time to recover.  I hope that I have enough in savings to pull it all together.  I really don't want to get another loan and then, spend the next however many years attempting to pay it off.  Just too much on my mind.  I keep on praying because that is the only thing that I can do right now.  Lord, show me the light int his tunnel.  I leave it all up to you....