Okay, okay...I know that I've been lagging.  I wish that I could explain what has been happening in my life.  Let's just make a quick runthrough life, I guess.  School ~ it's there.  I still do enjoy my classes but I'm so tired during them and I find myself barely making it through class without wanting to doze off.  But next week, I have two midterms and two papers....but the following week...some of you know what week I'm talking about...I have three midterms and two papers plus ...stuff...*sigh*  Fellowship ~ I find myself leaning on Christ, especially in these hard times of life..I find myself growing stronger and stronger.  Health ~ Gosh, I wish that I could give good news about this but there isn't any good news.  Just frustration after frustration.  I don't want to go more into detail about this because it just makes me sad.  =o(  Work ~ well...I'm quitting my manager position and next week is going to be my last week...after two years of working for the university in housing and residential, I'm quitting..makes me sad but at the same time, it's time to move along..my other job?  I'm so tired..  Friends ~ I miss you all sooo much!!  *hugz*  I promise that this summer will be different.  I will totally be making the effort to be with you guys...this right now just means so much to me..I know that you understand.  Thanx for the patience and the understanding *hugz*  to my boys ~ thank you...*hugz*  Family ~ I'm sorry..I'm so sorry...I won't be there for Grace's confirmation or Steve's First Communion..please understand that...I'm so sorry..  Duy ~ I don't know what's happening again...things are changing and I'm not sure of anything anymore.  I care but at the same time, I'm very wary about opening up.  Right now, with everything happening, I know that I'm not being fair to you and for that, I'm sorry.  but I am not sorry of who I am and I'm not going to change who I am...I'm sorry.  I accepted you for who you are..but I'm not going to change who I am to fit anyone..if anyone falls in love with me, it should be for who I am..not who I have the potential to be.  Let me grow on my own time..  to my SISTERS...I adore you guys so much.  Hang in there..side by side.  We will get everything down and we will accomplish our dreams together...together we dared to hope...together we received the chance..together we have worked and laughed...together we have shared memories and together, we will reach our dream!!!  *HUGZ*