"Thou! Thou! Thou! Thou! Thou! Thou! Thou! Thou!" - Gau, FFVI  "You got lost didn't you? Separated from someone you love......? Silly thing..." - Tifa, FFVII  "To be forgetten is worse than death." - Freya, FFIX  Have I truly forgotten you?  And all the memories that we shared?  "You got lost didn't you? Separated from someone you love......? Silly thing..." - Tifa, FFVII Love is not blind.  It sees more, not less.  But because it sees more, it is willing to see less.  Sometimes you know in your heart you love someone, but you have to go away before your head can figure it out.  As Virgil would say, "Nunc scio quit sit amor."  Loving, knowing that you are going to get hurt is like living knowing that you are going to die. "We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are." - Anais Nin    "Relationships--of all kinds--are like sand held in your hand. Held loosely, with an open hand, the sand remains where it is. The minute you close your hand and squeeze tightly to hold on, the sand trickles through your fingers. You may hold on to some of it, but most will be spilled. Held loosely, with respect and freedom for the other person, it is likely to remain intact. But hold too tightly, too possessively, and the relationship slips away and is lost." - Kaleel Jamison  One of life's disappointments includes meeting someone that means the world to you. But only to find that in the end it was never meant to be and you just have to let go.  Letting go of someone you love is the hardest thing to do. It's going to hurt and you'll lose that someone but you'll never lose your love for him or her. That love is endless.  Trust takes years to build but only takes seconds to destroy it.  I used to always say that Love is sacrifice.  You would do anything for someone that you loved.  You don't sit there and count how many times you've been there for that person.  You don't keep count or track of whose turn it is to call.  You just do it.  You do it because you want to.  You do it out of love.  Love is sacrifice.  Look at the Lord.  He gave up his only son for us.  Our parents made the ultimate sacrifice out of love.  They let go.  Letting go is a huge sacrifice and it is the ultimate sacrifice of love.  To let go of someone to let them grow.  I didn't realize this until Kent and I broke up five years ago.  Back then, I wanted a second chance so badly, but I grew to realize that if I really loved him like I said I did, I would let him go.  I had to realize that I wasn't the best for him and if I really loved him, I would want the best for him.  Like the sand analogy, I talk about a butterfly.  If a butterfly lands on you, you can't hold it too loosely otherwise, it will just fly away because it doesn't feel safe enough.  If you squeeze it too hard, you may suffocate it.  Hold it just right..but if it does fly away, it will come back to stay on its own accord.  I have always said...if it felt that good to have loved the wrong one, imagine how it will feel to love the right one.  Just because someone doesn't love you the way you want them to doesn't mean they don't love you with all they have.  After all, it is the broken heart that hurts not the love.  Love is sacrifice.