Am I a coward for not wanting to fight for something that my heart wants?  Am I a coward for putting someone else ahead of myself?  Am I coward for denying what I want for the benefit of another?  I don't know what I'm doing anymore.  I think that I'm doing the right thing even though he disagrees.  Have you ever wondered how two people can be together for years and then, decide to split up.  Things happen, I guess.  At the same time, it's almost not about those two people anymore.  It's something more...it's about the people that it can affect.  The different aspects of life that it affects.  I don't know anything anymore ~ that's my main conclusion.  I don't understand it.  Someone that I know thought that he knew what he was doing and thought that he was in love with a girl.  Now, I see him testing her and now claiming that he's not so sure if he loves her at all.  But if he is insisting on staying with her, doesn't that mean that he does love her.  I mean, he is giving her a chance.  At the same time, I understand why he would be so mad but I don't think that it's right that he's playing games and testing her.  I know that I shouldn't be speaking since things happen and you just react.  Reaction is a funny thing.  Have you ever wondered why you react a certain way when stuff happens?  Have you ever wondered what makes you shudder?  Or sends chills down your spine?  Or what makes you crack up so hard?  Or blush and choke up?  Sorry, I'm being really stupid right now but I have all this crap going through my head...guess that I should head back to the RBR and study some more...*bleah*  I don't want to study anymore...guess that I have to though...Three and a half more weeks of summer school...and then, yippee...my one week of summer vacation..which won't really be a vacation since the writing department needs me there to work.  *sigh*  Anyway...I'm listening to Stevie B's Dream About You...sad song...but I still love it.  Odd, isn't it?  You know what I'd love to do one of these days (don't know when since I never seem to have the time anyway) is just relax for a day and clean the house and watch Kimagure Orange Road and not think about anything at all...take a mini vacation from life, in general and not deal with anything ~ guess that I'd have to turn off my cell phone for a day and I don't know if I can do that..  Yes, I admit it.  I'm addicted to my cell phone ~ see Yenny, I can admit it.  I cannot live without my cell phone.  No, Joe, don't get any stupid ideas of stealing my phone and throwing away in the ocean.  I know that it's always going off but I can't help it...  =o(  Guilty as charged..