They finally caught up to me.  D*mn it.  I've been busy deleting crap messages from my grandparents.  I'm so sick of their incessant degrading words.  It's the same ones over and over again ~ 'your mother should have aborted you when she had the chance', 'they should have just given you up for adoption because having a failure to our family name wasn't worth it', 'why don't you ever think about doing something good with your career?', 'why are you an english major?  that's being a traitor', 'you're not chinese.  you're not taiwanese.  you're the spawn of the devil.', 'you have been nothing but disaster and doom to your family.  we could see it the moment that you were conceived.', 'you are nothing but a female.  you might as well kill yourself now.'  I had to sit through ten minutes of that before I just hung up on them.  I didn't want to hear anymore.  Besides, I was biking to work and I was there already.  For the past four days, I've been dealing with emails and voicemails of that crap.  Actually hearing them speak to me and say all those things all over again and rephrased, you know what it made me feel?  It made me begin blaming myself.  I mean, I already had a rough enough morning struggling with my papers and then, with a voicemail from them at friggin' 6:30am.  I guess that I really wanted some comfort.  I have been wrong and I blame myself for this.  I didn't share this problem with Duy because I didn't want to bother him.  It's just another one of my problems that I should deal with.  He's been going through a rough time and he's been really busy and tired.  I was stupid and I called him up after I heard the voicemail from my grandparents and I woke him up.  I was an inconsiderate b*tch as Duy constantly reminds me as I act or say things without fully thinking them through.  I don't know.  I just wanted to hear a little comfort.  I just wanted to smile again.  Even if it was a false smile, I just wanted to smile again.  Instead, I'm crying again.  I hate myself for crying.  I hate myself for being weak.  I guess what bothers me the most is when Duy starts to scold me, I usually don't defend myself because I no longer see a purpose in defending myself.  What hurt so much is this time, I never got a chance to explain myself.  I think about it now.  Okay, so my situation wasn't an emergency.  But I was hurting.  And I guess that isn't reason enough to call up my boyfriend to turn to him.  I don't know.  I need to purge myself of these thoughts so I can get back to my ten pages leftover to write in the next hour and half...