It's been a long day...so tiring.  There was so much to do.  From church in the morning to moving out of Garden Courts.  That was such a frustrating move...thank you, Thoai and Alan for helping me.  Afterwards, Joy and I went for a Costco and Albertson's run...man, there's still so much more that we missed.  And that took up soo much time!  In between all that, I was busy unpacking my stuff.  And then, I came home to go out to dinner with Thoai, Jenn, Alan, Andrew, Rob, and Will.  Now, I just finished tidying up my room...  There is alot going through my head right now.  So tired and so frustrated.  I wish that I did have the answers to life.  Honestly...if I could duplicate myself, I would.  I would have one Donna that is her typical workaholic self who just keeps on going and smiling and making money.  By working herself with such crazy hours, she doesn't have to deal with reality.  I would have one Donna that is completely school oriented who just studies and reads and visits all of her professors.  A Donna who looks up their dissertations and then, discusses it with them.  I would have one Donna completely committed to alpha Kappa Delta Phi...love and friendship...  I would have one Donna who is trying to discover herself...religiously and personally..  I would have one Donna be happy with Eddie.  Gosh, Eddie, I do wish that I could make you happy but I can't do so right now.  =o(   I would have a Donna who is waiting...waiting for the right timing...  (here's something that just bugged the beejeebers out of me!) anon: yeah i remember talking to *sorority* anon: she said they only rush junior and seniors Lady Mamoru: *shrug* Lady Mamoru: dunno anon: they must has strong career goals anon: i think it might be like lawyer or doctor sor Lady Mamoru: that's not fair Lady Mamoru: does that mean that i don't have strong career goals? Lady Mamoru: because i want to be a teacher Lady Mamoru: because i want to teach 8th grade english? anon: they measure money as strong goal Lady Mamoru: so? Lady Mamoru: i do tech writing on the side.. Lady Mamoru: money means nothing anon: true that is what i told her Lady Mamoru: i want money...fine..with my hs diploma, i was making 4grand a month Lady Mamoru: but i dropped that to go to college and to follow my dreams.. anon: yeah true Lady Mamoru: i could say that my sat and act score was prolly one of the highest ones in my sorority and i have a really high gpa anon: cool Lady Mamoru: but because i don't dream to be one of those 'successful' asian careers anon: may i ask how high? Lady Mamoru: for my major, i have a 3.9 anon: wow Lady Mamoru: overall, i have a 3.84 anon: impressive anon: don't ask my anon: i surrive anon: that is all i can say Lady Mamoru: life's success isn't all about money Lady Mamoru: i'm sorry.. anon: yeah true Lady Mamoru: i just kinda went off there...it's something that really ticks me off anon: let me try to find if *sorority* is online anon: i think u and her will have a good debate Lady Mamoru: nah Lady Mamoru: i got work tomorrow morning Lady Mamoru: i'd rather not Lady Mamoru: i don't like to defend my ideals to anyone...to each his/her own anon: yeah anon: i just wanna to be well off