I have been with many guys...cared about some...and loved rarely.  Sometimes, I got too scared to care for someone.  Sometimes, my fear was a hindrance in me telling that person how I truly felt.  And sometimes, my fear has caused me just to act and not feel.  I go through the motions of something but something inside of me just shuts down and I stop feeling.  I find it easier to delve myself into something else just to distract myself.  What's going through my head right now?  What if I lost my chance to tell someone how I care about him and I want him to have some hope.  I want to see him smile just as he always did when we were just being silly and goofing off.  I know that things aren't going well with him.  I know that he's scared and nervous about this whole tragedy.  His future...his life is on the line.  To save your world, you asked this man to die: Would this man, could he see you now, ask why? (Epitaph for an Unknown Soldier) -Wystan Hugh Auden  'The nation on maximum alert, President Bush approved the call-up of thousands of reservists and Congress rushed to post a $40 billion down payment Friday for a war on terrorism and the likes of Osama bin Laden....Administration officials said Bush had decided to authorize the call-up of as many as 50,000 members of the National Guard and Reserves. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld opened the Cabinet meeting with a prayer asking for ``patience to measure our lust for action, resolve to strengthen our obligation to lead, wisdom to illuminate our pursuit of justice and strength in defense of liberty.  Congress showed its resolve, the Senate voting 96-0 for the money to wage war on terrorism. House passage was delayed only until lawmakers could return to the Capitol from the prayer service at Washington National Cathedral. Congress also moved toward passage of a companion bill to endorse Bush`s still-emerging plans for a military response. The bill cleared the Senate 98-0, with a House vote set for Saturday'  I don't even know if he will read this.  I don't even know if I will see him again.  I don't even know where he is right now.  All that I do know is that he touched me.  He reached and touched my soul and built this trust between the two of us.  Any regrets?  Being selfish and scared...not knowing how to act around him.  Being silly and goofy when he probably needed me to be serious and understanding.  I miss him and his gentle understanding of things.  The way he considered how I felt and put me ahead of him.  The way that he sacrificed.  The way that he is sacrificing.  He is so brave.  His kind of courage is one that I truly admire.  I regret being so blind that I didn't see what he really needed.  He needed a friend and I was too blind...too naive to think otherwise.  I should have been more understanding.  And all of this makes me reflect back.  I've dated around...I've had boyfriends.  I've loved two of them...and the last one, I loved him but once a crack grew between the two of us, I began to back away.  And eventually, that love was lost to the winds.  All this reflection on my regrets in life.  I know that you should live life to its utmost.  But I still have my regrets.  I regret not fighting when I should have.  When I had every reason to fight, I don't...I don't want to be pushing myself onto anyone else.  I don't want to be forcing anything.  And who would I be fighting against?  The person that I care so strongly about?  I regret not telling the one I truly cared for that I'd wait for him no matter how long it took him.  I regret not having faith in myself.  I regret letting go so soon...I regret seeing the person that I cared about slip away and explore himself.  I regret not waiting for him.  I regret the fact that I couldn't be a true friend to him because I hurt so badly.  All these regrets...  And it makes me think...I was talking earlier to David Raleigh and he mentioned how he could never do my schedule.  And I realized that I have set up my schedule to be so busy that I don't have time to be with someone special.  Crazy, isn't it?  Stupid, more like it.  I don't have the time or energy really to devote into anyone right now or anytime soon.  So, why bother deluding myself that I can have someone special when in reality, I just can't fully handle it without coming across as a bad girlfriend.  blah blah blah...I'm going to stop rambling now cuz I'm not making any sense..