I'm so tired.  I'm so out of it.  I'm so close to tears right now.  I have work at 8am.  I have classes from 9:30-10:45,11-12:15,2-3:15, and 3:30-4:45pm today.  I have two last papers due today.  Both are worth a huge portion of my grade.  I'm so nervous about it right now.  I'm feeling so terrible right now.  I'm going on my third night of no sleep.  I can't think straight anymore.  I'm so exhausted.  Did I already say that?  I don't remember anymore.  Last night...actually, this morning, I was just writing plain gibberish.  How terrible was that?  My girls, I needed you last night.  Seriously, I love all of you p.s.  P.s. Mey, once again, Happy 20th Birthday.  Words fail to express how happy I am for you that you found someone that can treat you right.  If anyone deserves that, it's you.  You had a wonderful birthday and it was wonderful to see you beam like that.  I'm glad that you were able to share your special day with us...or at least, end it.  It was a little break that we all needed.  I needed that little time with all of my p.s. to get through this rough point in life, especially between my papers.  I want to tell all of you p.s. how stressed I'm feeling about my papers.  How right now, I'm trusting blindly in God.  God, it's like the analogy of skydiving.  I'm so scared and don't know what to expect because I don't know the truth.  I go up in the plane and I trust that my parachute will open up and bring me safely down to the ground.  I tiptoe to the edge of the door of the plane, just as I tiptoe over to the edge of my comfort zone.  I look down and I can barely make out anything. I can barely see the ground.  I don't know where I'm going to land.  I don't know how I'm going to end up.  I just have to trust and believe.  But right now, I'm a wuss.  I can't jump yet.  I'm too scared to jump.  Lord Father, give me the strength to pull through.  Please help to trust you.  Please help me to find the strength from deep within.  I'm so scared right now.  I cannot begin to fathom the depths of my fears.  I fear school and my future.  Is graduate school the way for me?  I graduate next spring.  I've been pushing myself to graduate in three years and attempt to receive my masters in my fourth year.  I'm not smart like Grace or Steve.  I'm just an average student who struggles with her grades and studies to reach my level.  I was just given a second chance here at UCSB and I can't let that chance slip past my fingertips and slither down the drain.  If I am headed towards graduate school, I need to study for my exams.  When will I find the time for it?  I know, I know, time management.  Not getting the RC position brought about many other concerns of mine.  That means that I cannot quit my jobs.  I just hope that I can pay off my medical bills.  That is my largest concern.  My paternal grandparents are in town.  Lord Father, I ask you to please soften my heart.  I loved my maternal grandparents dearly and cancer slowly took them away...my grandmother in 8th grade and my grandfather in my senior year of high school.  I ask of you, Christ, to soften my heart and attempt to be nice to them.  I can be polite but dear sweet Jesus, I still hold rancor towards them.  It no longer makes me cry knowing that they never wanted me and still do not like me at all because I am a female.  I was doomed as being born a female.  But all of their sexism has made me stronger as a person.  On a sidetrack, as strong as I try to be, I turn to you for a shoulder to lean on..and every now and then, I need to break down.  But why is it that lately, I've been breaking down more than ever.  I try to hold as much as I can inside.  I try to be as strong as I can on the outside when on the inside, I'm ready to fall.  I shouldn't feel this way.  I shouldn't think like this.  It is not right.  I'm just so tired.  I guess that I don't know what I say or do anymore....