Oh, boy...I sprained my wrist and it sucks becase I can barely do anything.  ARGH..this weekend was definately something...just lots of ish..*bleah*  Andrew-babe and Stephen Mommy, thank you for dinner last night =oP  heehee..next year living might be something!  Anyway, there's alot on my mind.  Don't know what I should bring up and what I shouldn't.  Well, there's the war..I don't even know where to begin on that...Does that make any sense?  I'm trying to go about my daily living and stuff...but you can't ignore the fact that innocent people are living in a war ravaged country.  People are living in fear.  Do I fear my daily living?  To an extent but not really.  I'm ignorant and I hesitate alot lately.  I'm more and more cautious of what I say.  I just want to bury myself again.  KDPhi taught me something...it taught me to live a little.  It taught me that being a workaholic isn't worth it and I am only a college student once.  It taught me to cherish the little things and to open up, knowing that I will always have support wherever I go and whatever I do.  It showed me that I have sisters that care....  Meeting some of the friends that I have in college have also taught me alot.  It showed me how to be comfortable with who I am and to accept myself as who I am and to learn to deal with life.  I gotta stop running but at the same time, running away seems like the easiest solution.  I'm learning...  I almost ran away from a huge part of life, but thanks to someone, I saw the mistake that I was making.  I took a deep breath and turned around..admitted my mistake and am trying to handle the situation.  Today has been interesting so far.  For work, I was sent to be a substitute for a writing professor who called in sick for her Writing 50 course, research.  *^_^*  I have another class to teach at 11am...and then, I have my own classes.  It's so odd trying to teach/supervise my own peers or students older than myself.  In the meanwhile, there's just so much going on!!  I don't know where to begin talking...