I got a lil' bro ~ woohoo!!  *^_^*  Heehee...but seriously, I'm pretty psyched about this.  He's so sweet and I really like him alot..just hope that I don't let him down through his pledging process.  I hope to be as encouraging and supportive as I possibly can.  The exchange yesterday turned out pretty well.  Seems like the guys enjoyed our home cooking *^_^*  And I picked up a lil' bro!!  I know, I know..I should stop saying that.  Today was definately one of those nice days.  I woke up this morning to a nice lil' surprise.  *smilez*  After that, I went off to church which I was late to *bleah* but the homily was pretty good.  And then, I gushed to Dwight about my new lil' bro..heehee..I know, I'm such a geek.  But I'm seriously pretty excited about this.  ANyway, I got to talk to my lil' bro on the phone and found out that he and his pledge bros were gonna go shopping for this Saturday's Lambda Bid Night.  I told him that I wanted to get a little something, so I ended up going with them.  I realized something when I was out with them.  They're so darn cute!!  =)  It reminded me of my pledgeship and how I kinda miss it.  I miss doing all the little things together and how close it brought us all.  I miss ish...lots of ish..  Anyway, they're just so cute!!  I'm totally rooting for our SB Lambdas' Psi pledge class..heehee  Anyway, after spending the afternoon with the guys, I had lots of studying and ish to catch up with back at home so I've been doing that.  I have just some random thoughts and ish..heehee..'ish' is my new word.  It encompasses the meaning of 'issues and stuff'.  =o)  Anyway, Dwight, it's been fun talking and I can hardly wait to head down there in a few weeks.  Hope you enjoyed your walk..even though you felt like an old man..it's okay, cuz I'm feeling old, too.  To our SLO aKDPhis, thank you soo much for coming down yesterday.  We loved the support and you guys looked so darn cute!!  heehee..the hats and feather boa definately did it plus that cake was *yummy*  Rocky, thank you for still being a friend to me despite all that has happened.  You still stand strong behind me and it's good to know that I have my pledge bro's support.  Matt, you're awesome..glad that you finally met my pledge sisters..it's about time, ya know?!?  j/k...To my lil' bro, Art, you prolly won't read this, but I'm super de duper excited about having you as my lil' bro and I promise that I'll try to be there every step of the way for ya!  To my pledge sisters, I love you strong lovely and eccentric ladies!!  I don't want to leave Santa Barbara because that will mean leaving you.  Being with you, I've learned alot...about myself..about you..about sisterhood..about forgiveness and trust...about US..*^_^*