"Why We Write"   Imagine six million pictures at one moment. Then, imagine the thousand words that must go along with each picture. Everyone, no matter the age, status, religion, race, or gender, has a story to tell-- the story of their picture. If you just close your eyes for a moment, you won't draw a blank. Our lives are so full of wonderful pictures; we just need to tell them. That's why that dying captain trapped in the submarine wrote the letter to his wife. That's why those last occupants of the Warsaw Ghetto scribbled the words of their life onto scraps of paper, leaving those behind as their only momentos. The world is so caught up nowadays we don't bother to stop and tell each other our stories. We hurry along our busy lives, content to bustle around cities and pollute the air, because we don't care about the future, right? Everyone has their own story, why should they share? Why should they care enough to share? And that's where the writers come in. The writers of this world are needed to help us share our stories. How many of us have time to sit down and write a complete autobiography? How many of us actually remember all the details? How many of us want to remember the past? We all need some way to express our feelings, our emotions, our psyche. And it's not impossible to start. Pull out a sheet of paper. Turn on your computer. Write whatever comes to mind-- your day, your thoughts, your peeves, your joys, or your life in general. Gradually, we learn to tell our stories to others. We write to tell others our stories in such a way that makes us seem like real people. People who lived, breathed, then died. Not just names in a book. Not just bones in the ground. Living spirits that would've been long forgotten except for those lingering scraps of life-- our writing. Personally, I don't write so that I will be remembered. I write to vent. I write to express. I write to cleanse my soul. My blog is my catharsis. Whatever I write, I know I will be more of a person than a name to people. As colin once called it, "lightning" is what happens when you just start writing and it sweeps you along as you go, so that you don't realize what you've written until you've reached the end-- and then you're surprised at what you've written. I think writing is like that. Authors shouldn't write their books intentionally with symbols; great writers should write to express themselves and only have symbolism as a byproduct. That's the essence of truly great writing. (from grace..)