1 Corinthians 13: 4-13  Love suffers long.  Love is kind; it is not jealous.  Love does not brag and is not puffed up; It does not behave unbecomingly and does not seek its own things; it is not provoked and does not take account of evil; It does not rejoice because of unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth; It covers all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. Love never falls away.  But whether prophecies, they will be rendered useless, or tongues, they will cease; or knowledge, it will be rendered useless. For we know in part, and we prophesy in party; But when that which is complete comes, that which is in part will be rendered useless. WHen I was a child, I spoke as a child, I thought a child, I reasoned as a child; since I have become a man, I have done away with childish things. FOr now we see in a mirror obscurely, but at that time face to face, now I know in part, but at that time I will fully know even as also I was fully known. Now there abide faith, hope, love, these three; and the greatest of these is love.  *Life is the element of God; love is the expression of God as life.  Hence, GOd is love (1 John 4:16).  God as life is expressed in love.  All the fifteen virtues of love listed in vv. 4-7 are the divine virtues of God's life.  SUch a life differs fromt he outward gifts listed in ch.12.  THe Corinthians were pursuing the outward gifts, but they neglected love, the expression of GOd's life.  Hence, they were still fleshy, fleshly, or soulish (3:1, 3; 2:14)  THey needed to grow in life (expressed by their love in caring fot hte Body of Christ), pursuing love, not the outward gifts, that they might be spiritual (2:515).  THe totality of unrighteousness is Satan and the totality of truth is God.  Love as the expression of the divine life does not rejoice over Satan's unrighteousness but rejoices with God's truth.j  Love survives everything and holds its place forever.  It never fails, never fades out or comes to an end.  It is like the eternal life of God.  All the gifts, whether prophecies, or tongues, or knowledge, are means for God's operation, they are not life which expresses God.  Hence, they will cease and be rendered useless.  They are all dispensational.  Only life, which love expresses, is eternal.  According to the succeeding verses after verse 8, all gifts are for the immature child in this age.   They will all be rendered useless in the next age.  Only love is characteristic of a mature man and will last for eternity.  Hence, when we live and act by love, we have a foretaste of the next age and of eternity.  In verse 11, it can be interpreeted in how in the next age, the mature believers will become men, and all the childish gifts, especially those that are least - tongue-speaking and its interpretation - will be rendered useless.  However, we can have a foretaste of the next age by living a life of love in this age.  Love matures us in life; gifts keep us in childhood.  In the following verse, some say that what we see in a mirror is to see through a window.  THat is, through some medium which in degree, hinders vision.  THe word means also 'a mirror' but it is used for window, made, not of clear transparent glass, as now, but of semi-transparent materials.  FOr the final verse, Faith receives the divine things (John 1:12) and substantiates the spirtual and unseen things (Heb.11:1)  Hope reaps and partakes of the things substantiated by faith (Rom. 8:24-25)  Such love causes us to grow in life for the development and use of the spiritual gifts, and it is the most excellent way to have the greater gifts.  Hence, it is the greatest of the three abiding virtues.  SO we must pursue it (14:1)