Another change...sorry.. XANGA now *^_^*   http://www.xanga.com/lady99   To my friends who are...single...   love is like a butterfly,  the more you chase it  the more it eludes you.  but if you just let it fly,  it will come to you when you least expect it.  love can make you happy and often it hurts,  but love's only special,  when you give it to someone who's really worth it.  so take your time and choose the best.   To my friends who are...not so single...   love isn't about becoming somebody else's  "perfect person"  its about finding someone  who helps you become the best person you can be.   To my friends who are...playboy/girl types...   never say "I love you" if you don't care.  never talk about feelings  if they aren't really there.  never touch a life if you mean to break a heart.  never say you will, if you don't plan to start.  never look in the eye when all you do is lie.  the most cruel thing a guy can do to a girl is to let her fall in love  when he doesn't intend to catch her fall  ...and it works both ways...   To my friends who are...married...   love is not about "its your fault",  but "I'm sorry",  not "where are you",  but "I'm right here",  not "how could you",  but "I understand",  not "I wish you were",  but "I'm thankful you are".   To my friends who are...engaged...   the true measure of compatibility is not the years spent  together  but how good you are for each other.   To my friends who are...heartbroken...   heartbreaks last as long as you want  and cuts as deep as you allow them to go.  the challenge is not how to survive heartbreaks  but to learn from them.   To my friends who are...naive...   how to be in love:  fall but don't stumble,  be consistent but not too persistent,  share and never be unfair,  understand and try not to demand and get hurt,  but never keep the pain.   To my friends who are...possessive...   it breaks your heart to see the one you love happy with someone else  but it's more painful to know that the one you love is unhappy with you.   To my friends who are...afraid to confess...   love hurts when you break up with someone,  it hurts even more when someone breaks up with you,  but love hurts the most when the person you love has no idea how you feel.   To my friends who are...still holding on...   a sad thing about life is when you meet someone and fall in love  only to find out in the end that it was never meant to be  and that you have wasted years on someone who wasn't worth it  if he isn't worth it now, he's not going to be worth it a year  or 10 years from now.  let go...   To all my friends...   my wish for you is a man/woman whose love is   honest  strong  mature  never-changing  uplifting  protective  encouraging  rewarding  and unselfish   "as long as we have memories,  yesterday remains.  as long as we have hope,  tomorrow awaits.  as long as we have friendship,  each day is never a waste..."   friends can be like stars,  you can't always see them,  but you know they're there.  have great hopes  and dare to go  all out for them  have great dreams and dare to live them.  have great expectations and believe in them.