I don't even know where to begin about the weekend.  I guess that we could start about Saturday...that's when things started to happen.  Well, that's a lie in itself.  I'm sorry for being so contradictory.  Things started getting frustrating at a different point but for this weekend, it was Saturday.  Saturday, I spent most of the afternoon just doing homework and working on my papers.  Anyway, my boyfriend mentions that he's thinking about coming to Santa Barbara to come and visit me since I told him yesterday that I wasn't going to do anything on Saturday or Sunday - just chill and relax and study.  But plans had been changed and I was going to spend some time with my sisters Saturday night.  He pretty much wasn't very happy about that.  What confuses me is that he would have arrived here at 11:30pm and I would have been back at home at midnight.  So, he could have waited a mere half an hour but he said that it would be a waste of his time.  Anyway, I get home around midnight and check my computer.  His away message worried me for a moment there and I tried calling him and left frantic messages trying to figure out where he is.  His away message didn't sound good.  Anyway, I'm up in my living room all by myself and it's raining ickily outside studying, missing him and praying that he'll be okay.  Finally he calls and he's out clubbing with some girls.  At first, I was just relieved and then, a part of me just kinda sank because he said that he didn't want to be up that late since he was sick.  I figure that I'd shrug it off and ignore it.  I was wrong.  He ended the conversation saying something that hurt my feelings.  That was it.  I took off running and it was drizzling around 2am.  I ran and ran and ran for about an hour.  Finally, I got so tired that I stopped on the sidewalk to stretch out.  I was so tired since I didn't get too much sleep the night before and the day before that, I had work at 5:30am and had stayed up until 2am to help my boyfriend finish up his paper.  I laid my arms out in front of me and laid my head down and closed my eyes briefly.  About three hours later, I awoke in pouring rain and I was completely drenched.  I was so wet and cold that I ran home and showered and changed.  I think that I got a little sick from that..anyway, I went home and took a long hot shower.  After that, I decided to call my boyfriend to see if he was awake for the computer show yet.  He ended up yelling at me for waking him up which hurt my feelings.  An hour after I get off the phone and cry myself to sleep, he calls and wakes me up.  I roll out of bed and go to church.  Once again, I spent the rest of my day writing papers and that night...well, I'll save that story for tomorrow when I have the time.  ...time to go back to paper #5 for this week...