I am on fire today...nothing can stop me at work.  I had three interviews - three very successful interviews.  The second and third were a HUGE surprise...I was only expecting one person but she brought her twin sister in and next thing I know, they're signing up and registering for classes - hot diggidity!  haha..I know - I'm one big dork.  Oh, and I got my shampoo and conditioner on sale - it's so dorky.  Kuan and I both use the same shampoo/conditioner - Garnier Fructise.  *^_^*  I just feel very accomplished and super excited - I get to see my boyfriend tonight.  I feel so giddy and excited about seeing him.  Is that possible?  After a year to still feel this way?  To still be so excited to see him?  I studied and did my homework for two hours last night - I feel like a studious little girl.  However, I still have my anatomy homework to do tonight...so after the beer and wings and the movie and some quality loving time with the boyfriend, I need to do my anatomy homework.  :-P  Okay, now for some kdphi time...  btw - February 6-8 weekend is going to be AWESOME...more on that later ;-)  Just a quick update...pics to follow... Midyear in Houston 2004 was pretty awesome...it was really good seeing old faces and meeting new ones, as well.  It's amazing how we share so much love for our letters.  :-)  National Alumnae Board was incredibly productive and it amazes me how much we're growing and progressing!!  To my SB girls - Don, Angela, and Kristin - it is ALWAYS good to see you girls; I miss you more and more but I knowt hat we're growing up....my spring 2k1 pledge sis - so good to be around y'all - Tammy, Chihae, Kris & Don, Julie, Raquel, Kat, and more!  to National Board - Yasmeen - congrats again, and Sher, Petra, Trang, Hanh, Suki, and everyone else!  I'd go more into names for the rest of all the faces that I saw (UMCP, Buffalo, FSU, Baylor, NYU, SoCal, NorCal, and all the other schools) but I don't want to bore everyone....it's always good to have a great KDPhi filled weekend.  I just realized that I didn't talk or meet any guys except for Danny (spring '01 CHARTER)....sorry - too busy trying to keep up with kdphis!  I came back on Sunday to meet up with Chris (UIUC), Frank and Jon (JHU) for some Joy Yees and then, out to Second City and then, this morning, the guys had to leave my place around 4ish in the morning just to catch their flight...and now, work until 6pm and then, class from 6-9:30pm...btw - CONGRATS to UC San Diego's Phi Class - especially to Momma Jen and all the big sisters!!  :-)