I don't know what it is...  Perhaps it's the fact that when I really needed to talk to someone, you were on the phone with someone else and you ignored my call...luckily, my best friend came through for me and listened to me cry and comforted me.  And when sh*t went through again, I tried calling you and it just kept on ringing and ringing.  And almost miraculously my best friend calls me to check up on me...and he already knew what the hell was going on so it was okay for me to vent and rant to him.  And by the time you call me back, I don't want to talk about it anymore...and besides, it's not like you know or knew what was bothering me.  And I didn't feel like explaining and getting all emotional again.  And when I sit on the phone with tears just running down my face, you couldn't cheer me up and when you said that you wanted to cheer me up, I couldn't smile.  The tears just kinda ran faster....and now, I guess that this is just a problem that I don't want to share anymore.  Just because I don't want to talk about it anymore - I just want to fucking deal with it.  And it's not you...I'm not blaming you for anything.  It's just bad timing.  Perhaps, it is that you're suddenly more willing to make time for me.  When before, when I wanted to spend time with you and I was willing to change my schedule around for you, sometimes, it felt like I was pulling teeth.  And sometimes, you said that you felt smothered.  And to be honest, yes, I did feel like I was being taken for granted.  I feel it even more now...when my schedule allows for very little flexibility and every free moment I have, it's somehow being taken up and when I cancel on you - it's not you.  It's just that I need time for me.  When the fuck am I going to have time for me???  I need to study and do my homework and manage to fit that into my own me time.  I have time for work - my 40-50 hours a week, my time for school - my 10 hours a week plus study and practice and homework time, my time for kdphi - who knows how long it takes me...and I always make time for you.  I'm tired...I'm exhausted and just want a break...from life, in general.  I like what I do..I like what I study but I'm tired.