I'm awake...in cold sweat and shaking.....I had this nightmare...or I dunno what you'd call it..  I dreamt that I was some kind of engineer and we were busy doing research with these three monsters - really intelligent but if anyone was contaminated, they were supposed to be killed by these monsters.  These monsters produced this incredible amount of energy that could support the whole world and for some reason, they trusted me but even so, I had to be really careful around them and the other engineers noticed that they trusted me..so they started running trust tests by placing me inside of a plastic tubing and etc...anyway, I dreamt that Kuan had a visitor come into town and he wanted me to be around to go out and stuff but work was being really demanding.  I guess that there was some weekened thing going on and I couldn't go so I told him to take his friend and he said that he'd stop by afterwards and show his friend my workplace since he had a key to the building.   So, I'm busy losing sleep over these monsters...or creatures, rather.  Discovering that you can communicate with them and they do undersand humans.  And when they stare at you, you feel this tingling sensation that they can read your mind and your inner fears....  Anyway, I'm falling asleep and suddenly, I feel this huge jolt of electricity waking me up and sirens are going off - I guess that there has been some trespassers and now, for some reason these creatures are ready to attack them.  I ran down five flights of stairs and when I slam open the door - one of the creatures is poised over Kuan and this chick - she's incredibly drunk and he's just staring up in shock.  And for some reason, I start crying....and I slowly walk over there and I touch the creature feeling all this energy pulsing through me and I say "I've been contaminated - if you spare these two, you can take me" And suddenly I feel this overwhelming sensation of heat and I'm looking into the creature's eyes and she sends me messages of pity.  Then, I collapse and when I wake up, I'm alone...I wander around the hospital corridors freezing...and I find Kuan and the first thing that I ask him "Did you kiss her?"  And he nods..  and I start to cry...and I tell him that it's over and for some reason, it feels like the creature is in my head...telling me how this other girl replaced me.  And I just got too busy for him.  It wasn't fair...how when he needed me, I was there...through all of his down and low points.  Through all of his times of insecurity and frustration, I stood by his side and suddenly, when I needed him to be there and be understanding, he didn't reciprocate.  And maybe it is my insecurity that I can't seem to hold onto a guy and he always manages to seek solace with someone else.  I felt this overwhelming sensation of sadness...all of my sacrifices meant nothing to him.....and I found myself walking away from him forever...  Then, I woke up in cold sweat, shaking....and now...and now, I'm still shaking.  EDIT: yeah, that was at 5am...and now, I'm at work and the more I think about it...I think that they were white dragons...wormlike..  And I went back to sleep and I dreamed about another guy...really weird - it was like a sequel too that dream....i'm just really weirded out now.