It's freaking Friday night and almost 9:30pm and I just got home from work...it's been a hella long week..I feel so tired...and so stressed at the same time.  I will not cry anymore.  I cry too much.  I tear up too easily.  I found out that tear ducts are larger than guys...that's why girls tear up so easily.  Our tear ducts in our skeleton are larger therefore, we have less to help us hold it in.  You know what's so true...I was reading something that someone wrote - a girl will never admit that she has cried over you.  I'm not saying that anything is wrong with my boyfriend or our relationship is horrible...but sometimes, when I talk to him and I've having such a bad day, I start tearing up like I am right now.  And it's not like I'm crying over him....I'm just so upset and yeah...it's not him.  It's me.  Story of my life.  And today, I just missed him and I started feeling guilty about my crazy busy schedule and how I really need to get a control and stick to a budget that I create.  What's the point of creating budgets and plans for myself if I'm not going to stick with it?  I'm going to finish what I started.  And I'm going to be strong.  I know that I've been bitching about work...but I'm okay...work has been very ....exhausting but it was worth it.  It's going to help me grow and learn from everything.  I am exhausted...I am disappointed that I won't be in California next weekend.  I am thinking of ways for me to make money.  I'm thinking about selling stuff via craigslist.  Is craigslist or ebay better?  You tell me...  I'll figure it out.  Tomorrow is a new day....tomorrow, I have to go into work...tomorrow, I will finish moving the rest of my stuff around and clean my room...tomorrow, I will study more for my tests next week...tomorrow, I will not cry....tomorrow, I will be strong.  My mom keeps on calling me today.  I can't talk to her - I'm so tired.  Damn it.  I didn't think that I'd say this but I do miss her a lot.  I miss how things used to be.  I used to be able to talk to her about everything and anything.  I used to be able to cry to her and trust her.    Oh, yeah...from now on until August - I am not allowed to spend any money on myself.  I'm not allowed to do anymore online shopping - I'm not allowed to buy myself anything unless it is necessary to survival (aka food and that's it)...Life isn't always fair...and yeah, as I've  heard others tell me...when you're young, you're supposed to eat bitterness (so the Chinese cliche goes)...and yet, you're only young once.  So, waht the fuck is it?  Are you supposed to suffer first or are you supposed to enjoy your life?  Sometimes, I think that there is so much bitterness that I don't know how much more I can handle but at the same time, how fucking selfish is that of me?  I need to take care of myself and my shit and my responsibilities.  That's not fair of me to dump my crap onto anyone else.  I need to stabilize everything and handle everything before I even dare to think of running away.  Out of nowhere, I miss someone from my past.  I wish that fate wasn't so cruel.  He had sooo much going for him and he was this amazing friend who just KNEW me.  And it's been four years since he passed away and it still rips at me.  I don't really know who I can talk to about it.  I usually turn to his older brother whenever I start feeling shitty about the whole thing but I can't do that right now...there's too much crap going on....sorry, I'm trying hard not to swear.  If he could hear me now, he'd tell me how out of character I've become.  I wish that he was here right now...I wish that I could just turn to him and just pour my heart out about everything..about work, school, kdphi, my relationship, my friends, my family, my faith....and this overwhelming feeling of negativity....I've tried so hard lately....and I feel like ....*************....I feel taken for granted and I feel unappreciated and i feel like crying right now....