I need some advice... I got a call back from Rapid Displays.I went through an extensive interview  process (not only did I interview there four times but I also had to take this online psych exam and online personality test and an online accounting test, as well) way back in October when I was looking for jobs...anyway, I got a voicemail two days ago from their COO offering me a position with their company - the original position that I had applied to was filled (I was one of the last two candidates) and apparently, they have another position that they think would suit me better....I finally got a chance to talk to him this morning - with my background as Controller for NCSA - he's now offering me a chance to be a Senior Accountant with them. Brian said that the reason why  I was turned down for the other job position is because it was entry level and he felt that I would get bored with it easily. He said that the current one is retiring and eh thought of me immediately.  If i'm interested, I'd have to go through some HR stuff but pretty much, the job is mine.  He hasn't even started advertising for the position and he won't start to until I decline this job offer.    Anyway...with this Senior position, I would have 17 people under me and reporting to me and  well, I'll just do a pros and cons...  pros: I'm getting offered starting off $65K/year and after my introductory period of 4 months, possible raise (that's a lot than what I got at NCSA and also a lot more than what I'm getting at PCOM....) and I would have better benefits (as in 100% insurance coverage unlike now, I pay for 50% out of my paycheck) and this company offers me more support in regards to going back  to grad school for my MBA...  cons: it's far far far away....which would mean that I'd have to move to the South side of Chicago once my lease is up in April (I was slowly moving more and more north - haha...eventually hoping to buy my condo in Evanston and be close to my boyfriend) and my commute from my current house would be 1 hr and 15 minutes to 1.5 hrs....plus I'd be further away from Kuan, too...The  area isn't exactly the safest and best area (right now, I'm working in Lakeview - right by Lincoln Park - so it's a posh area) I mean...the North side is more expensive but it has good and easy access to downtown and I just like the area much better but the South side is cheaper (for the price of a studio in the north side - I can get a 1/2 bdrm apt on the South side but I am paying for location)  I don't know if I can see myself with this company long term. I can see myself with them for maybe 5 years and making and saving up enough money. However, with my current job, I can see myself here and possibly either moving up in Staff or going into their Faculty if I stick with my current massage curriculum. For the most part, I like the people that I work with (with the exception of L. who pisses me off) and the people at Rapid Displays are so much older  and I'd definately be on the younger spectrum. I dunno - there's so many cons to goign to Rapid Displays and I feel like my only incentive going there is money.  I feel like I'm having loyalty issues. Do I stick with my current job and my current idea of going into massage (a part of wanting to go into massage was also to make up for my lack of pay so I could make more money and it could help me with my "Donna buying condo" savings fund) or do I go for MORE MONEY?