First off...after a tedious and LONG search for the perfect studio, I found it - or rather Miguel from Apartment People found it for me.  :)  I'm sooo happy about it.  It's just perfect.  It has everything that I wanted...or close to it.  The thing that kinda did it for me - it's a 16 floor high rise building...on the very top of it has a huge sundeck that goes all the way around the building - and when we got up there, the sun was setting and you had such a city view and you had a view of the lake, as well - soooo pretty - it turns out that I'm only a block and half away from Lake Michigan - how awesome is that.  A bit more while I gush on my studio and then, about my sweetie...here's my original check list: Looking for a studio/1 bdrm apt (probably a studio) near either the Fullerton/Belmont Red Line stops or close by Clark/Broadway/Halsted/Addison buses (I work on Broadway)  -It's about 5 blocks from the Belmont Red/Purple/Brown line...1 block from the Broadway/Clark buses...and the express bus is right outside of my front door  Maybe I am being too picky but I would like a decent sized bathroom with space to put all my toiletries (I am female)...with a vent in the bathroom preferred, walk-in closet (instead of those sliding closets)..enough space to put a 6 ft couch and a full size bed...in the kitchen, the typical stove, fridge, cabinet space, but also enough counter space to put a microwave and rice cooker...I need to have laundry in the building...would prefer to have an elevator, as well...no pets - I'm allergic to cats...   - well, it's a 16 story high rise with plenty of elevators....hardwood floors...HUGE walk-in closet (practically the size of my bedroom or bigger in bridgeport) ...separate dining area...HUGe living space (more than enough space to put both my 10 ft and 6 ft couches and my bed)...the kitchen has decent counter space and it also has a whole floor of laundry facilities and they have this used book trade thing, too.  They have a basement for storage and a bike room (I'm thinking of investing in a bike)  On a side note, I would prefer to be somewhat close by a Bank One...near a grocery store..have somewhat decent street parking or even a parking lots/indoor/outdoor parking..and not too close to Wrigley Field to avoid the Cubs fans traffic...  -further away from Wrigley Field...there is a Dominic's 1.50-2 blocks away with a Bank one inside..parking is the only drawback..  -The best thing is the VIEW - I am a block and half away from the lake/beach...yay!!  The deck on top - you get a BEAUTIFUL view of the city and the lake!  It's sooo pretty - 4th of July party at my place!!  My lease starts in April...it includes all utilities AND I get one month free, too!  :)  Yay!  Okay, about my sweetie now...For Vday, he surprised me with a bouquet of red roses (I've never gotten red roses before....and he's never given me flowers....WOAH) and he also got me the cutest card...I love it.  We were supposed to make dinner together but we ended up getting too full.  :-)  But it's okay, we've kinda created our own memories...I'm such a lucky girl.  I love my boyfriend ::blush::