The two grids above are called Numerology Grids.  The numbers from Donna's birth date - her Gregorian calendar birth numbers - are inserted into the Western Grid in certain positions.  Her birth date is then converted into the Chinese lunar calendar, and the equivalent Lunar birth date numbers are inserted into the Chinese Grid, but in different positions.  In this way the Chinese and Western numerological interpretations complement each other.   Character, personality and employment characteristics are gleaned from the position of those numbers in each grid, the quantity of each number, and the lack of numbers. Comments on each number (or sets of numbers) are recorded below.  Green arrows represent positive characteristics derived from having three numbers in a row (horizontal, vertical or diagonal), whilst red arrows represent somewhat negative characteristics derived from three blanks in a row.  Be aware that to read numerology grids accurately takes a lot of practice, and before acting on what you see here you should study the whole subject in much greater detail.  Nor should you disregard the profound influence of genetics and upbringing.   Coming soon: in response to users' demand, in April 2004 this site will be extended to provide a fascinating analysis of an individual's future based upon character and personality traits as defined by Chinese Astrology and Numerology. For in-depth compatibility analysis now, please go to http://www.idealpartner.org.uk.   Another analysis    Ki System   Natal Year number:  1  Donna has the ability to adapt herself to a variety of challenges, and thus has a creative potential that may find expression in art, design, music or literary work.  But with a cautious approach to life, she rarely discloses her innermost thoughts.   Natal Month number:  2  Compassionate and supportive of others, Donna is something of a perfectionist who will find it hard to delegate even routine tasks.  Donna is hard-working and good with details, but to get the best out of her, Donna needs to know that in the end her efforts will be properly rewarded and acknowledged.   Natal House number:  4  With a strong sense of justice, Donna has a balanced but independent view of the major issues affecting life, yet lacks attention to detail.  Inclined to leave things until the very last minute, she will struggle in any employment until she is sufficiently senior to have someone else put into effect the many good ideas that she will contribute.   Comments based on Western Grid 11	Donna is a balanced individual who can understand and appreciate the views of others as well as her own.  She can express herself fluently, and with persuasive conviction, whilst taking account of opposing views.  This means that Donna will get on very well with colleagues at work, both senior and junior, as well as clients, customers, suppliers and external agencies. 4	A practical individual, Donna is a neat and tidy craftsman who can organise others to achieve her plans.  She should use those practical skills and organisational ability in an office management, or secretarial function, or by applying such skills to self-employment.  In general, Donna is a neat and tidy individual - qualities of value to many different jobs. 88	A perceptive individual, Donna takes little on trust.  She maintains fixed views which once established are difficult to change.  Conscientious by nature, she will make a good businessman or accountant, but being naturally perceptive, and unwilling to accept views of others without solid evidence, she may well turn to philosophy. 9	Ambitious to improve her lot, Donna will constantly push forward to achieve something in her life, yet this ambition will be balanced by humanitarian ideals that will lead her to support causes that may demand self-sacrifice. [The Arrow of Scepticism: lacking the numbers 3, 5 and 7]   Taking little on trust, in adult life Donna requires solid proof before she accepts a concept.  Characterised by honesty and fairness, she is quite intuitive, yet firmly sceptical of the claims made, for example, by religion.  This may be important at work, if employers require employee acceptance of work practices that are not immediately verifiable. Comments based on Chinese Grid 11	Donna will be reasonably successful in financial terms, and enjoy a degree of luck. 5	Emotionally well-balanced, Donna is not too intense, and will reach the right decisions.  However, with the numbers 2 and 3 in the Chinese version, the balance may be upset. 7	If the numbers 3 and 5 in the Chinese version are missing, Donna is something of a perfectionist who seeks to achieve detailed accuracy, and has a natural instinct to unearth the truth.  If the Chinese Grid also contains the numbers 3 and 5, she will be attracted to work in a spiritual or humanitarian field. 8	In the absence (in the Chinese version) of the numbers 1 and 6, she will be good with money and details.  She will be happier if the Chinese grid includes the numbers 5 and 7. 9	Although Donna is ambitious, her ambition is tempered with humanitarian ideals. [The Arrow of Willpower: The numbers 1, 5 and 9]   Donna is somewhat stubborn and very determined.  Holding strong opinions that she will voice without reservation, she will nevertheless reach her goals through persistent hard work