Numbnutz7LPhiE (11:33:39 PM): Hey babe.  I don't mean to be short with you on the phone but I'm just tired.  Love you.  G'night.. *sigh* even more...  ere once was this guy who was very much in love  with his girl...  This ROMANTIC GUY folded 1,000 pieces of paper  cranes as a gift to his girl...  Although, at that time he was just a small fry  in his company and his future didn't seem too  bright, they were very happy together...  Until one day, his girl told him she was going  to Paris and will never come back. She also told  him that she couldn't visualize any future for  the both of them, so they went their own ways  there and then...  Heartbroken, the guy agreed. But when he regained  his confidence, he worked hard day and night,  slogging his body and mind just to make  something out of him....  Finally with all this hard work and the help of  friends, this guy had set up his own company!  You never fail until you stop trying.  One rainy day, while he was driving, he  saw an elderly couple sharing an umbrella the  rain walking to some destination.  Even with the umbrella, they were still  drenched. It didn't take him long to realize  they were his ex-girlfriend's parents...  With a heart in getting back at them, he drove  slowly beside the couple, wanting them to spot  him in his luxury sedan...  He wanted them to know that he wasn't the same  anymore; he had his own company, car, condo, etc.  He made it!  Before the guy could realize, the couple was  walking towards a cemetery, and he got out of  his car and followed...  and he saw his girl, a photograph of her smiling  sweetly as ever at him from her tombstone and he  saw his paper cranes beside her...  Her parents saw him. He asked them why had this  happened. They explained, she did not leave for  Paris at all...  She was ill with cancer...  She had believed he would make it someday,  but she did not want to be his obstacle!!...  therefore she had chosen to leave him.   Just because someone doesn't love you the way  you want them to, doesn't mean they don't love  you with all they have. She had wanted her  parents to put his paper cranes beside her,  because, if the day comes when fate brings him  to her again...  he can take some of those back with him..   Once you have loved, you will always love... For what's in your mind may escape  but what's in your heart will remain forever...  The guy just wept...   The worst way to miss someone is to be sitting  right beside them knowing you can't have  them.....  hope you would understand...   Find time to realize that there is one person  who means so much to you, for you might wake up  one morning losing that person whom you thought  meant nothing to you...