THINGS  TO  KNOW 1.    Budweiser beer conditions the hair 2.    Pam cooking spray will dry finger nail polish 3.    Cool whip will condition your hair in 15 minutes 4.    Mayonnaise will KILL LICE, it will also condition your hair 5.    Elmer's Glue - paint on your face, allow it to dry, peel off and see the dead skin and blackheads if any 6.    Shiny Hair - use brewed Lipton Tea7.    Sunburn - empty a large jar of Nestea into your bath water 8.    Minor burn - Colgate or Crest toothpaste 9.    Burn your tongue? Put sugar on it! 10.  Arthritis?  WD-40 Spray and rub in, kill insect stings too 11.  Bee stings - meat tenderizer12.  Chigger bite - Preparation H13.  Puffy eyes - Preparation H14.  Paper cut - crazy glue or chap stick (glue is used instead of sutures at most hospitals) 15.  Stinky feet - Jell-O!16.  Athletes feet - cornstarch17.  Fungus on toenails or fingernails - Vicks vapor rub18.  Kool aid to clean dishwasher pipes. Just put in the detergent section and run a cycle, it will also clean a toilet. (Wow, and we drink this stuff) 19.  Kool Aid can be used as a dye in paint also Kool Aid in Dannon plain yogurt as a finger paint, your kids will love it and it won't hurt them if they eat it! 20.  Peanut butter - will get scratches out of CD's!  Wipe off with a coffee filter paper21.  Sticking bicycle chain - Pam no-stick cooking spray 22.  Pam will also remove paint, and grease from your hands!  Keep a can in your garage for your hubby 23.  Peanut butter will remove ink from the face of dolls 24.  When the doll clothes are hard to put on, sprinkle with corn starch and watch them slide on 25.  Heavy dandruff - pour on the vinegar! 26.  Body paint - Crisco mixed with food coloring.  Heat the Crisco in the microwave, pour in to an empty film container and mix with the food color of your choice! 27.  Tie Dye T-shirt - mix a solution of Kool Aid in a container, tie a rubber band around a section of the T-shirt and soak 28.  Preserving a newspaper clipping - large bottle of club soda and cup of milk of magnesia, soak for 20 min. and let dry, will last f or many years! 29.  A Slinky will hold toast and CD's! 30.  To keep goggles and glasses from fogging, coat with Colgate toothpaste 31.  Wine stains, pour on the Morton salt and watch it absorb into the salt. 32.  To remove wax - Take a paper towel and iron it over the wax stain, it will absorb into the towel. 33.  Remove labels off glassware etc. rub with Peanut butter! 34.  Baked on food - fill container with water, get a Bounce paper softener and the static from the Bounce towel will cause the baked on food to adhere to it.  Soak overnight.  Also; you can use 2 Efferdent tablets, soak overnight! 35.  Crayon on the wall - Colgate toothpaste and brush it! 36.  Dirty grout - Listerine37.  Stains on clothes - Colgate38.  Grass stains - Karo Syrup39.  Grease Stains - Coca Cola, it will also remove grease stains from the driveway overnight.  We know it will take corrosion from car batteries! 40.  Fleas in your carpet?  20 Mule Team Borax- sprinkle and let stand for 24 hours.  Maybe this will work if you get them back again. 41.  To keep FRESH FLOWERS longer Add a little Clorox, or 2 Bayer aspirin, or just use 7-up instead of water. 42.  When you go to buy bread in the grocery store, have you ever wondered which is the freshest, so you "squeeze" for freshness or softness?  Did you know that bread is delivered fresh to the stores five days a week?  Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Saturday.  Each day has a different color twist tie.  They are: Monday = Blue,  Tuesday = Green, Thursday = Red, Friday = White and Saturday = Yellow.  So if today was Thursday, you would want red twist tie; not white which is Fridays (almost a week old)!  The colors go alphabetically by color Blue- Green - Red - White - Yellow, Monday through Saturday.  Very easy to remember. I thought this was interesting.  I looked in the grocery store and the bread wrappers DO have different twist ties, and even the ones with the plastic clips have different colors.  You learn something new everyday!  Enjoy fresh bread when you buy bread with the right color on the day you are shopping.