         I just learned that our old friend Lisa Westerbeck will be ringing these bells soon!!! CONGRATULATIONS!!  I hope everyone had a great weekend!  My little family spent the weekend with good friends.  Which is exactly how I would love to spend every weekend if I could.  I must report that my husband has not made it to the running track yet (not even after Thanksgiving weekend).  But he did enjoy his first real guitar lesson which happened this Saturday.    Killito woke me up pretty early on Saturday, made breakfast for everyone who was home and then sat in the living room to watch Finding Nemo with the baby.  Daddy joined us pretty early on so I could have my legs free to cook (baby likes to cling to my legs for undivided attention from me at any given moment).  And then we played around and cleaned our room and did all sorts of miscellaneous things until baby needed his nap.  I took a nap with him for three hours.  I hate taking a nap in the middle of the day.  I usually wake up with a headache.  About 3:00 PM, I woke up with a HUGE headache.  Killy sensed this and suggested we leave the house to do something outside.  I was more than happy to leave the confines of the house so we went to the park.    It was wonderfully chilly out and Killito loved it.  Some kid was having a birthday party at the park and there were all sorts of crazed and manic kids running and screaching and chasing each other with make believe ray guns or swords, girls yelling for the boys to save them (from who???) and boys trying to beat each other with games of strength.  Killito just watched wide eyed and amazed.  Every once in a while interjecting an "OOOhmm!"  or "Dah?!".  We explored the playthings.  He didn't like the slide.  I think it had to do with his big baby shoes curling under his legs as he slid causing him to tumble forward and slide on his face.  So we abandoned that pretty quickly.  He liked pushing the swing and climbing where he could.  Daddy practiced his guitar while baby and I explored and watched the crazed kids.  We left the park after about an hour and went for ice cream.  Baby doesn't like to drink milk from a cup so I worry about how much calcium he gets.  Ice cream is a good way to get it, so we try to take him to get ice cream no more than once a week.  He loves it!  Then we went to Houston to see Paul and hang out for a while.  We got some pizza and went to Adolph's place.  Adolph got home pretty late but Killito stayed awake just so he could see his favorite Godfather.  Then he gladly stayed awake longer to play with him.  We didn't get home until midnight and boy, Killito was tired!!!  My lovely husband let me sleep in on Sunday.  He fed Killito and bathed him and did laundry and was wonderful.  He is such a beautiful man.  But soon we were on the road to Houston to hang out with Adolph, Amber and Paul again.  We stayed their the entire day.  It was nice and Killito got a really good nap in Adolph's freezing room.  Killy, Paul and Adolph played computer games and I relaxed with my little sleeping angel.    Killy and I went back home about 6:00 PM or so with plans to take our family Christmas portrait.    Killy got to go see Ted Leo during the middle of the week last week( I'm sure you have looked at the boy's blog about that).  We are so looking forward to being able to do things together again in the evening.  But naturally, when the weekend comes around, Grandma needs a break and is usually not available for any significant amount of time to allow Killy and I a real date.  I don't even know what a real date is any more.  Not that I'm complaining, I love being with my little baby boy, but I miss my husband too you know.  So Killy gets to go to these shows when they come around and I haven't been able to join him.  So that's what's been going on with me.  How bout you??