         So I went to the Hot Bagel Shop this morning for a handful of poodles.  The pretty black guy with fun dreads calls these tasty treats poodles, and I just got a kick out of it.  Now I want them every morning, plus, it's nice to be flirted with in the morning.  These are mini bagel dogs, three of them are enough to fill you up, yummm, with a hot cup of coffee.  Boy do I love coffee!  This coffee is a Starbuck's blend.  It has just the right amount of bitter and richness that I need first thing in the morning. Anyway, this morning was a little unusual in that everyone in the Hot Bagel Shop was there with their little kiddies.  They must have been about three or four at least and they were CUTE.  I missed my little baby back in Sugarland and I longed to be visiting the Hot Bagel Shop with my little boy this morning.  There was a little blue eyed boy named Sam who wanted to go out into the busy parking lot, "NO SAM, stay with mommy!" the petite, casually, well dressed  and well coiffed woman sweetly cooed.  He reminded me of my little baby boy with his milky white skin and fine silky locks.  I wanted to chew on his cheeks! Killito woke up today with the biggest smile.  I didn't want to come to work, I wanted to stay home with him all day and take him to the park and explore and play all day.  Of course, I got to work late, but I was able to smell my baby and kiss my little boy for a few more minutes. Waiting for my poodles, I watched the mothers and father interacting with their children.  They were vaguely aware of the people around them focusing all their attention and efforts on conversing with the chirpy little kiddies, "Mommy, I LIKE these!"  a little girl in a flowered crocheted sweater gleefully announced.  She knelt on her stool and poked her poodle.  Another little boy, older than the others, hid behind his daddy's legs, eyeing me shyly.  I waved and smiled at him, he shrunk further back and put on his sunglasses to hide. I thought about how nice it would be to live in this area again.  We lived only a few blocks from the Hot Bagel Shop and have walked here on a few Saturday mornings.  Always a nice walk, now a new Chipotle's was being built right around the corner and I love Chipotle.  Plus, this is the type of place where I feel Killy and I belong.  It's only too bad that the property taxes and house prices are so high... It really would be nice though... I took my bag of poodles and my coffee and got back on the road to work, dreaming of a fine house in the Montrose/River Oaks area... Maybe one day...