         The Chavez family had a wonderful New Year!  We celebrated with our good friends and kept it mellow.  Adolph and Amber are such wonderful hosts having all sorts of good stuffs for the Chavezes and Lil d and Todd to enjoy!  The Chavez boys were relieved and excited to be at the Trudeau residence on this happy occasion where the Fourth got to run around and be wild and crazy like every little boy should be and where the Third got to run around and be wild and crazy like my beautiful husband should be! New Year’s Eve started out pretty tiring, for me anyway.  I didn’t want to go to work, it just didn’t make sense to have to go in to work when all I wanted to do was enjoy the great sales that were taking place all over the land.  I did take advantage of the 75% reduction of all things clothing at TJMaxx where I got a great deal on a great skirt!  Then headed home to herd together the baby and all his trinkets and what not! MAN Talk about an excuse for buying great bags and purses,  so much to lug about with a toddler in tow! So Killito and I made it to Adolph’s without fanfare.  My lover/husband was waiting for his little family inside where we immediately unloaded all my bags.  We took Killito out for a short excursion, then Adolph and Amber showed up, dressed and tressed and looking mighty spiffy. We puttered about the kitchen and took turns shooing Killito into safer quarters until dinner was ready. Then I nursed the baby and he happily fell asleep which made it time to glamour up for a quick girly outing.  Amber Lil d and I jumped out into the NYEve night and hunted and prowled for a good place to enjoy some of the last of 2003 in a glass.  We found a relatively nice place, not too crazy with nutty party-goers and not too empty.  It was also clean and classy.  Not bad!  I had a really dirrrty vodka martini chock full of 10 olives (mmmm) Amber had a   Greyhound , and Lil d a beer to chug happily on.  We chatted and giggled and then it was time to meet the boys. We got home with 10 minutes to spare.  Just enough time to reassure my wide-awake child that the world was still in one piece and to pop open a bottle of champagne.  Cheers!  Laughs!  Kisses! And Hugs all around! Happy New Year!  Then, Lil d and Todd made a graceful departure, Amber and Adolph retired to the bedroom, the Chavez family hunkered down in the living room and we all snoozed the morning away.  Happy new year…..