         an excerpt of an email from Maru,  I've been reading your personophone (?) and wanted you to tell Amber congrat's and I THINK she should go drug free of course.   Amber First of all, I am heartbroken that I had to do a C-Section with Adolfo Fidel, it was necessary and in the end for the best (if you don't remember, his little foot was wrapped by his umbilical cord making it difficult for him to drop and affecting the blood and oxygen flow to his little body endangering his life).  But I was really psyched to do it all natural and was pumped about all the sensation associated.  You will hear from many women about how painful it is.  But the reality is the only thing that makes it painful is when you don't know what is happening with your body. Killy and I took   Bradley Method  classes.  This is a husband based coaching natural birth method.  This means, the husband is the main coach during your pregnancy and birth.  And it is natural.  We found this to be a bonding experience and Killy felt like an integral part in the whole process because he learned about everything my body was going through.  The most important thing I learned was how to identify the signs of the processes my body was going through.  This is important because the signs allowed me to prepare for what was taking place.  And I had the choice and the strength to relax through the most difficult times.     I'm referring to the contractions, these seem to be the most painful of the whole birth process because the muscles start freaking out and generally, the mommy doesn't know what to do.  The Bradley method teaches you to focus on what is taking place inside of your body and the purpose for its happening.  Once you understand how these work together, the experience becomes a more respectful, fundamental one rather than one full of fear and apprehension and therefore, a painful one.  Also, your husband, your coach and loving partner, also knows what is happening to you and can provide the important comfort that you need during those moments. Maru failed to express the beauty of the experience and the chance to feel something that drugs will never let you.  The sensation of relief and bliss that is the highest of any climactic love session you've had when you feel your little baby washing into the huge world, awake and alert. The dangers of taking drugs as mentioned before, is that too many may be given and the child is born groggy and out of it.  I personally think this is not fair to the little baby.   I did not choose an epidural.  Since I had no choice about the emergency C-Section, I was still able to choose the type of drug I would be given.  So I had a spinal-block anesthesia.  That was one dose of stuff instead of having a needle stuck into my spine for the duration of the C-Section.  Plus, they only numbed me from the waist down.  I was wide awake the whole time they tugged and pulled on my muscles and tissue while opening the door for my little boy. He came out screaming and dripping my blood. Whatever choice you make, don't let fear of pain be a deciding factor.  Pain is nonsense. I really believe that we are built the way we are to tolerate all sorts of stresses that we must undergo.  I guess it's easy for me to say this since I've broken every bone in my body at least once (slight exaggeration).  I decided that I didn't want drugs for all the reasons I mentioned and others that this blog doesn't have room for.  But the choice is yours and no one will judge you for it.  Regardless, the most important thing is that in the end, you will have a beautiful baby to love and nurture for a long, long time.   Interesting Link