         Hello ladies...Geez I apologize for not submitting the details sooner! I am not sure I can beat Carolina's account of events but I'll try. Two weeks ago Todd flew up here to Oregon during my school break. We had a wonderful two days in Portland, picnicking in Washington park and walking all over downtown. Then we drove up to Vancouver BC for five days and four lovely nights. We stayed at the Wall Sheraton downtown, the tallest building in the city. We explored the city's museums, parks, bridges, seabuses, beaches, coffee houses...everything. We walked everywhere. Each day greeted us with cloudless blue skies and warm weather. Ahhh....we spent the days talking about each others lives, our future and our dreams. On our last day in  Vancouver Todd suggested we go to the beach to walk around and take pictures of the beautiful skyline. We ended up at Kitsilano beach, walking in the sand and admiring the view. I started picking up seashells because thats what I do and spotted an oyster shell. I thought of how cool it would be to find a pearl inside, so I tried to open the shell and couldn't. I sat down on this huge rock, so big you had to climb to the top, it was some geological marker Todd and I decided. As I sat there on the rock planning my strategy on how to open the shell, Todd tried using the end of one shell to open the oyster but it was stubborn. So Todd shuffled around in his backpack and then climbed his way onto the rock and sat beside me. At that moment Todd looked at me and presents this small black velvet box and says "why don't you open this instead". At that moment time stopped, my heart began to race and I squeeked with excitement as I showered my love with hugges & kisses. He then said we'll.....are you gonna open it? We laughed and as I opened the box I saw the most beautiful sparkling diamond ring. He then got down on one knee and said "Diana, will you marry me" I was so happy and so surprised...yes, yes, yes I said. I will never forget that moment, I felt like a little girl, all day I was on cloud nine. Todd and I hugged & kissed some more and took pictures to document our incredibly romantic engagement on Mayday 2004. My heart flutters every time I think of Todd and that beautiful day! Afterwards we called our loved ones to share the good news. On the rest of our adventure we entertained ideas of wedding details and are planning on a Texas wedding in October 2005. October 23rd is when we met at Shipley five years ago...I am so lucky! As far as wedding details go, I promise to let everyone know as we figure them out. I'd love ideas and advice. Oh, and to address to baby question, the plan is not until after the wedding :) It's on the horizon!  I hope everyone is doing wonderful, take care diana