         So, as I gathered, from detailed interviews with Diana, this is how it happened.  Diana: I woke up and had to unclog the toilet, it seems Todd had problems with his stomache from the night before, I made him his favorite, Chicken Cacciatorri. Me: OK... D: So there he was struggling to get out of bed and in a puking fit, he kicked me, in the kidney, so I fell down writhing in pain. M: Really...??? D: Then the doorbell rang, it was room service, and neither of us could get up to answer the door. M: And then...??? D: So the cleaning crew came in, of course they didn't see us right away because we were in the bedroom section, but they could hear us struggling (in our pain). M: Oh yeah??? D: So this big fat Russian man comes in, holding the broom over his head like a weapon and sees me lying on the floor in tears, Todd is leaning menacingly, I guess, over me from the edge of the bed wearing only a towel... M: MENACINGLY??? D: I guess, because then the Russian man proceeds to wack Todd with the broom... M: NO!!!! D: Yes!  And then Todd loses it on the carpet... M: NO!!! D: Yes, all over the Russian man's shoes! M: OH MY GOODNESS!!! D: Well, apparently, the hotel was training new cleaning people because there was a whole crew behind him in the anteroom, all excitedly speaking Russian among themselves. M: AND THEN WHAT!!! D: Well then, I get up from the floor and try to stop the big Russian man from hitting on my poor Toddy. M: Oh my... D: Meanwhile, one of the cleaning people had called security.. M: OH MY!!! D: Apparently, they thought we were recording some kind of dirty film because they saw Todd's cameras in the corner of the room... M: Dirty film???? D: Yeah, and so Big Fat Russian Man motions for one of his people to get me away... M: NO!!! D: So this really nice and scared looking young lady rushes to me and pulls me out of the room... M: And then!!! D: I don't know exactly what happened next, but between the cops showing up... M: NO!!! D: And all the cleaning people shreiking excitedly... M: And then!!! D: And me being held down out in the hall shouting for Todd... M: And then!!! D: All I could hear was loud shouting in Russian coming from our room... M: NO!!! D: And every now and then, I could hear Todd's helpless heaving... M: And then!!! D: Well, eventually, Big Fat Russian man comes out, smiling, propping Todd up, who is weak with having puked all morning, comes to me and hugs me. M: WHAT!!! D: The nice lady who was watching over me translates his Russian.. M: ... D: He is congratulating me for making my man strong by giving him poorly cooked chicken. M: ?... D: Before we get married... M: !?... D: To make him strong enough to stomache the difficulties of being a married man... M: !?????... D: This is when I notice that Todd is holding out this little box to me with a weak and beautiful smile... M: And...??? D: And I opened the box... M: AND!!!??? D: And in front of all these strangers, I jumped and hugged Todd and screeched, "YES!" M: YES!!!??? D: YES!!!  Diana, Please share with us whatever I left out.