         hello everyone...i hope ya'll are having a wonderful weekend.   Liz-Feliz Cumpleanos! i meant to send birthday wishes yesterday...so did ya have a nice b-day? i know i did! my preceptor gave me the day off...and even though i have a cold i went to my favorite cozzy coffee shop to read stiff, then went downtown portland to see the first showing of fahrenheit 9/11 which was quite eventful-it was so refreshing to be with down to earth, like-minded individuals...i met wonderful people in line, sharing stories and exchanging movie recommendations...it was my first fandango experience-anyway mid way through the sold-out show, the movie abruptly stopped, lights came on, sirens alarmed and instructed us all to "evacuate immediately" we all groaned in unison, at first in disbelief, "is this part of the show?" others shouting..."its the republicans attempt to keep us from watching the movie"...so with reluctance we filed out down the stairs, some recording the alarms on their cameras...it was ridiculous! we exited the theater only to re-enter immediately and with more determination we went right back to our seats, exactly the same arrangement not missing a beat...no one was detered. i don't want to reveal anything for those of you who have not yet experienced the movie...but i highly recommend it! i talked with todd, mi mama y papa, best friend, todd's mama and had a wonderful birthday dinner with my two aunts, we ate at some plush place overlooking the city on "the hill", it was beautiful, 3-4 hrs later, i came home, snuggled in bed and watched sex in the city. so how's school going? i've been meaning to ask you...especially since amber & i's discussion, do you guys use "live models"? i would love to hear your comments!  amber-i am really enjoying this discussion. i do at times notice things about every day people that i encounter and wonder...hum, that looks like hypothyroidism, cushing's syndrome, hydrocephalic baby etc. i do, i can't deny that. i am trained to recongnize these things but i can go beyond this and see "people" as they are. i don't let the previous experience of seeing someone insides taint my view of them as a whole. some of my classmates have said, "i can't see them the same since i saw...blah bla..." so it affects people differently. i think it is necessary to see both subjective & objective. to a certain extent you need distance to perform a job well without interference from emotions...much like dissecting a cadaver. it is hard to do but much less difficult than if it were on someone you know. at the same time you respect the cadaver as a corpse that once harbored a living, breathing person and use that experience to hone the skills of properly separating and connecting yourself with the people you encounter concerning life & death issues. geez, i hope i am not sounding cold, anatomy lab was not an easy thing & sometimes just acknowledging this difficulty and dealing with the emotions is necessary and important. i am honored & grateful to have had the experience to learn about them. what i love about medicine is the interaction with people. not every body is the same. even though PAPs may become routine the individual brings variety to medicine therefore each case is unique. its a balance, constantly switching from focusing on the problem objectively to addressing the whole person. it is the art & the science of medicine that is equally important. there are people you encounter that invariably you develop a connection with and keeping this in balance is a life long process. balance is the key, when medicine becomes too impersonal, procedures so routine that human beings are neglected or when professionals become so emotionally involved that impairs their clinical judgement and burnout...you cease to to do good for patients and yourself. on another topic, i can't wait to see your picture. how is everything going with you? i think that is so wonderful to treat yourselves to a good cleaning...ah, i can't wait for todd & i to have a place of our own to clean.  carolina-i hope you're having a lovely, house warming parte! guess what, i've been salsa dancing with some girls from school on the weekends and next week we start taking lessons! i can't wait...we'll have to go dancing in houston sometime. i hope work is going well...and look forward to seeing you soon!   take care everyone...lil'd