         hello gals,  today the sun is shining, breezy blue skies..ahh life is good. its about damn time too..away with the june gloom-spring is here(compared to Texas seasons)! with the beautiful weather its harder to focus on readings but thats ok. well i hope ya'll are all doing wonderful.  carolina, i love your tweet tee...its so cute! i hope you have a wonderful house warming party...i wish i could be there to help celebrate. so lil'kilito is going through the terrible 2's eh? hopefully this will pass quickly...todd told me the other night that killy papa sent a video chat of kilito-how cool. so how's life at work?  amber, i hope you are enjoying pregnancy life...how's it going? i agree with carolina-send pictures! lately, i've been having some sexy, intense dreams in which todd & i are expecting a baby-crazy huh?   well to address your question about the human animal,which is a very good question-i'll try to answer to the best of my abilities. i feel in order to work in medicine one has to be able to view the human body more like a composition of parts & pieces that make up an entire working system...separating mind and body in (western medicine) connecting them in (eastern medicine)...each part necessary for the whole to be complete. you have to compartmentalize and address the body objectively...reviewing every system and its functioning. in many ways, i think medicine has a tendency to view humans in a more animalistic nature too.  for me, i have always been intrigued with medicine and drawn to the blood and guts so to speak, although the "nerves of steal" isn't always a innate thing...it takes practice to be able to remove yourself from the picture, remaining at a distance to perform your job yet still being empathetic and present in each situation. i'm having a hard time explaining this concept. i have yet to experience the surgery & trauma-its on the horizon.  not to de-humanize things but some surgeons have been equated to mechanics if this helps any. therefore on a professional level, i can see it all, and look at the body objectively...addressing intimate concerns such as doing pelvic exams, male exams, rectal, breast, stomach, and so on, balancing the animalistic-primitive workings of the body and addressing its relation to the individual.   on a personal level, how i view my love, friends, family and myself is very different...depending on the situation...i most certainly can remove myself from this professional thought process and enjoy the sensuality, mystery of the human body etc. although i can flip back into the objective mode very easily-does this make sense? is this different from your views of the human body?-now i'm curious.  i hope you all have an enjoyable weekend-take care, lil'd