         Hello all, I hope everyone is doing wonderful!  I'm so happy that my love is recovering so well and that he is surrounded by encouraging and loving friends! My heart fell on the floor Wednesday evening when Todd called to tell me about his amazing collapsible lung...I've never felt so helpless. Thankfully he reassured me of his condition, it was as if he had already anticipated my questioning prior to his call, he remained calm and collected, telling me the details. I'm so proud of him for seeking care, I only wished I could have been there. He's super hero Todd...of course he'd do fine...I on the other hand tried not to sound anxious while simultaneously flipping through numerous medical books on treatment & prognosis. I couldn't help thinking...will this serve as a turning point and give him the purpose to quit smoking? All the while as important a factor smoking is, my concern was to address the immediate dangers, and so I made sure he wasn't having any shortness of breathing or difficulty breathing. I wanted to give him warning signs but not be alarming, yet I was sure he got all this at the ER...what else could I do. Timing is a delicate thing...the last thing he needed was me (of all people-given my history) saying something like, ya know you really outta quit smoking. I know he knows, it was apparent in the sighs...and pauses over the phone. All night I tossed and turned, the next day stricken with nausea, I saw patients which gratefully kept me focused on all things not Todd. I was elated to hear that he will be OK! I was sad to hear that this could happen again...something I already expected from my readings but remained hopeful for better news. I know the surgical procedure is an option but an expensive one, medical insurance would be a necessity. Soon, soon I say...Todd will have the best healthcare insurance as long as I can help it! I was secretly hoping that Todd would say, oh yeah, the doc's advise that I quit as well. After inquiring, the surgeon let that one slip by. I quickly said, it's documented that you decrease you're odds of this happening again by at least 50% if you quit now. He'd already had it covered, his arm that is with the nicoderm patch, ahhh I sigh in relief, I am so proud of him! Again, I just want to send my appreciation to all of you for supporting him...he has the best friends ever!  As for me, I'm already well into my family medicine rotation, in Beaverton, OR. I am absolutely loving every moment! I was extremely nervous the first week, trying to resist being thrown into seeing complicated patients on my own. I am learning at an amazing speed, time flies at clinic, I come home enter patients and procedures in the computer each night...look up everything I had seen that day, do write-ups and read some more...sleep a little and wake up and repeat. Each patient uniquely different accompained with new challenges...never a dull moment even for the simple ear ache or muscle strain. Already, I've done numerous PAPs, well child exams, male exams, and regularly see diabetes, HTN, asthma, thyroid disorders, mental disorders...it goes on & on, the crazy thing is the more you learn the more you realize what you don't know and thus you strive to learn more. Yesterday I had a 15 hr + day, working at the clinic during the day and the free clinic at night. Each Thursday, in Hillsboro, doctors, nurses, lab techs, interpreters & students come to volunteer free healthcare. It is the most rewarding experience. It's difficult to see the masses of people in need but their appreciation is priceless. Next, I am scheduled for Houston, TX in cardiology I can't wait especially since I'll be closer to my love! I'll try to post more often and share some experiences if you gals are interested.   One last thing, I just got done reading this incredible book called, Complications, a surgeon's notes on an imperfect science by Atul Gawande. I highly recommend it! He is a surgical resident in the Boston area, graduated from Harvard, and is a staff writer on medicine and science for The New Yorker, national book award finalist, national best-seller, need I go on. This is by far one of my favorites! Take care, Diana