          plants  OK So my little family was coming home from being out in the world.  As we drove up to my little house, I was filled with an overwhelming sense of pride and a desire to have the prettiest house on the block.  I stepped out of the car into the sun dappled front lawn and thought how easy it would be to tweak my little garden and avoid a growth of weeds.  My eye locked on a particularly suspicious looking stalk, heavy with leaves.  It was big and healthy and seemed to threaten the well-being of the flowering bush next to it.  I gleefully yanked on greenery announcing to Killy that I would be weeding the garden today. My mistake was apparent instantly when I noticed the beautiful bulbs at the base of what I thought was a weed. Killy scolded me as I tried to put the plant back.  He made me promise never to touch the garden again.  I almost cried as he harrumphed to the garden shed to gather the tools needed for the job.  I felt foolish and useless.  And I still worry because I think weeds are growing in the garden, but I don't know if they are or not...   cleaning  Amber, Killy thought your suggestion about getting a cleaning service once in a while was a great one.  I never thought about it, honestly.  It seems like such a luxury.  Maybe I should feel like I deserve more luxuries.  Most of my co-workers have cleaning ladies once a week.  But they, as CPAs also make much more than I do... If we decide to do this, I will tell you about the experience.   dreaming  I dreamt that Maru made me late to a wonderful new job with Adolph's dad.  I slapped her because I completely missed the appointment and lost the opportunity at the same time.  She offered to give me a ride back home but I was too angry, and surprisingly enough, she understood.  She felt badly enough and responsible for my loss that she gave me money for a cab.  She gave me 22.00.  Two tens and two ones.  I watched her drive off with her husband.  Completely heartbroken and distraught about not being able to do this wonderful job with Adolph's dad, I didn't immediately leave.  I sat at a picnic table of an outdoor cafe instead and had some soup.  I watched as one old lady told another little old lady that her rent was going up.  The little old lady pleaded to not let this happen as she couldn't afford any more for rent.  The land-old-lady announced that the rent would go up regardless of how many years she had been there.  Land-old-lady suggested that the little old lady should take the government subsidy instead and move out so that the apartment could be rented to someone else.  The little old lady had no choice but to take the check and start packing her stuff.  She didn't have much, it all fit in one bag.  Then she came and sat down at the same table I was at and started talking to some of her friends who happened to be there.  They all commiserated with the little old lady and I just kind of watched.  I got up to pay for my soup, but when I came back, my money, which was on the table, was gone.  Then I noticed the little old lady's bag was slightly open and from it's depth, two tens and two ones peeked out.  I thought about the job I just lost and plucked my money right out of that bag.   toenails  I usually clip my baby's toenails while he sleeps.  Lately, he's become more resistant to this even in his slumber.  He kicks his legs and curls his toes while I struggle to not cut his delicate little skin.  This morning, he woke up while I was in the process.  So I showed him what I was doing, explaining everything along the way.  "See?  This is your foot, this is your toe, this is your toenail.  I take the nailclippers and...CLIP."  He was fascinated enough to let me take to clips without kicking. Maybe tonight, he'll let me finish.   plus  I've developed my mother's sigh.