         Breakfast Recipe 1 whole wheat tortilla 1 slice low fat turkey 2 egg whites 1/4 cup chopped green and yellow zuchini 1/4 cup chopped onion and tomato 1/4 cup chopped spinach pinch parmesan cheese  Spray some cooking oil into a non stick omelet pan.  Over a medium flame, heat slice turkey 10 seconds on each side.  Remove from heat.  Spray lo-fat cooking oil into pan again.  Over a low flame, toss in green and yellow zuchini and cook for 20 seconds stirring, add chopped onion and tomato, cook for 20 seconds, stirring continually.  Add chopped spinach, cook for 10 seconds stirring continually.  Finally, add egg whites and a pinch of parmesan cheese, stir and cover.  Allow to cook for about 20 seconds, then flip. Heat tortilla and add turkey slice, top with omelet mixture. You can top this with pico, salsa, or just plain cilantro (I love cilantro with this).  Salsa All my salsas are real basic.  I never use oil so it is all lo-fat.  Fresh tomatoes, any kind, I usually use large slicing tomatoes. Any pepper, fresh or dried, whatever you want to try, for breakfast salsa, I use jalapenos. If you want it less spicy, *remove the seeds from the peppers. If you want it to be a little spicy but palatable, use less peppers. Salt  Breakfast Salsa Two large slicing tomatoes cut into four chunks each. Jalapeno peppers, See  spice  chart below - For my  white  homies- 1 pepper per tomato - For breakfast- 2 peppers per tomato plus 1 extra - For Killy and gatherings - 3 peppers per tomato - For me - 4 peppers per tomato and a GIANT bag of potato chips (I don't like this salsa with tortilla chips)  In a medium pot, place tomatoes and peppers add water to cover all.  Bring to a boil, let boil for 1 and a half minutes.  In a blender, place peppers first (they have tougher skin and will need to be closest to the blades to be chopped up enough, or else you'll get a green chunk that can be pretty painful and/or embarrasing depending on the company), then place cooked tomatoes on top.  Add salt now (not later, there's some kind of chemical reaction, I'm sure, that affects the taste if you put it in later.)  Blend on high for just about 10 seconds, not too long at all.  Actually, when you see the cooked tomatoes start to whirl and disintegrate, stop blending now.  If you blend too long, you'll have a soupy salsa.  You want it to be chunky enough to drown your eggs with it and enjoy with tortillas for breakfast.  That's it!   HEY AMBER  Whudja do with our Christmas recipe book we made back in the day???  *In my life experience, I have never removed the seeds