killythemac: sup foo! paulmercado1: foo* paulmercado1: sup buddy  paulmercado1: how you enjoying the war killythemac: eleo is gone...back to mexico.... killythemac: oh, it's been great! i mean, we watched it on tv for a bit, but then it got just as boring as 'cops' so we watched a movie instead... killythemac: that's horrible..war is horrible... paulmercado1: right killythemac: i'm not excited about it... killythemac: so how are the french liking it? killythemac: pretty cool. are they shocked and awed?! killythemac: ha! paulmercado1: the world is preparing a big fuck you for the united states paulmercado1: not good killythemac: yeah, i think so... killythemac: bush is really leading us down a terrible path... paulmercado1: yup paulmercado1: from the media perspective here paulmercado1: it appears that americans now hate the french paulmercado1: are people beating up french foriegn exchange students and stuff? killythemac: not really. i think american women think french sounds sexy... paulmercado1: people here are like killythemac: the only ones that feel honestly betrayed are the veterans...i think.... paulmercado1: "why bush gotta be like that?"  "do people eat french fries anymore?" etc killythemac: i mean, how many people REALLY care what the french think? paulmercado1: thats what i keep telling people killythemac: i ate french fries two days ago and loved every greasy salty lick of them... paulmercado1: im like paulmercado1: nobody really thinks about you guys paulmercado1: are there terrorist warnings and such paulmercado1: ? killythemac: code orange... killythemac: 2nd highest level. paulmercado1: code orange!!!  killythemac: yeah... killythemac: the mood is different in everyone...some think this is the right thing to do. some think it's a disaster, some think it's the right thing to do the wrong way, some think it's the right thing to do at the wrong time... killythemac: no one 'likes' sadaam, but no one wants to see dead innocent people. paulmercado1: yeah, the debate really isnt about whether sadaam should be replaced...its about whether a crazy american president should be able to launch a bunch of missles and stuff killythemac: exactly. killythemac: i saw a show on pbs (pbs.org) called the long road to war.... killythemac: it actuallylaid out the history of this conflict pretty well and put a lot into perspective for me... killythemac: it convinced me that sadaam has to go... killythemac: it even almost convinced me that the lengths we are going to are justified... killythemac: but...there's still that whole 'war is terrible' thing that i can't get past... killythemac: although, if this were a risk game...it would be necessary to take him out, if only for the risk cards... paulmercado1: i can get past the "war is terrible thing"   paulmercado1: i just cant get past the   paulmercado1: climate that this crisis has caused paulmercado1: it has agited everyone and unified no one killythemac: this policy of taking out iraq was rejected by president bush teh elder, who opted for containment... killythemac: taking out sadaam should have happened then... killythemac: true... paulmercado1: i would have like less extreme rhetoric, less clumsy diplomacy killythemac: i think that to everyone else (france, russia,...), the policy of containment worked, even though they know that sadaam needs to go. of course, france and russia have existing contracts with sadaam for oil after the sanctions are lifted...they are working in their interests just as much as we are.... killythemac: it's all bs politics... paulmercado1: right killythemac: all of it... paulmercado1: except for the dead people killythemac: yeah, except for the dead people... killythemac: that isn't to say that bush is a horrible diplomat... killythemac: he just stinks. paulmercado1: speaking of stinks killythemac: he's terrible... paulmercado1: i am eating a lot of stinky cheese killythemac: i bet... killythemac: how's france going for you anyway? are all your conversations about america and how stupid we are acting? paulmercado1: yup killythemac: "...so what do you think of my drawing...?" paulmercado1: that and if i like the cheese killythemac: "...i think america is stupid..." killythemac: "...but my drawing..." killythemac: "...stupid!.." paulmercado1: exactly killythemac: "...stupeeed!..." paulmercado1: that and  paulmercado1: i have been stopped by the police twice now killythemac: for what? killythemac: for being brown? paulmercado1: for being brown maybe?  i dunno, here there is a lot of racism against arabs... paulmercado1: maybe i have bad fashion killythemac: yeah, you look like a wanderer sometimes... killythemac: walking around everywhere... paulmercado1: and i was peeing on a car paulmercado1: 3 in the afternoon killythemac: without a beautiful french woman on your arm... killythemac: you can't be serious... paulmercado1: hey, i gotta split ... kiss the bb and the wife and thanks for making eleo feel so welcome in your home and be safe during these trying times and say hello to the gang for me and pray that my fucking computer arrives soon killythemac: ok, bye...