FROM AMBER FREDA    In case you didn't know, Anthony and I got hitched!!  Actually, "hitched" is far too coarse a term for what was a truly beautiful ceremony ...  We were married on the ocean at Fire Island at noon on June 22, 2003.  Anthony's parents, Elaine and Tony Freda, were kind enough to open their beautiful home to us and our immediate families, for a very small, intimate ceremony.  Anthony and I wrote our own vows -- I remember looking up while we were reading them to see the entire room in tears!  It was a very sentimental moment and one we will always remember with a sense of joy mingled with awe at the seriousness of the journey on which we were about to embark, arm in arm...  It meant so much to us both to see all of our families together, sharing in love, food, dance, drink, and conversation.  Seeing my mom dancing with her father nearly made my cry -- or seeing my dad's wife Gaylene and my mom hugging each other as they bonded and became great friends over the weekend -- and seeing Gaylene and Christine click instantly -- and seeing how beautiful the Freda's house looked for the first time after Anthony's mom and dad worked so hard -- bringing dishes out every weekend on the ferry for months beforehand, the sight of Anthony and his father bicycling in the pouring rain on Saturday to buy flowers to make sure the deck would be full of blooming things the day of the ceremony -- and the beautiful bouquet of yellow roses and burgundy calla lilies that Christine put together for me, and all of the personal touches of warmth and beauty that Elaine added to the table (the lovely lace tablecloths, the fresh flowers, the sea shell favors), I could go on and on....  So many great memories -- We can't thank our families enough for pulling through for us and loving and supporting us so much!!!!  Our parents are already getting excited about having a party / reunion in Texas next Spring -- a BBQ / Cajun crawfish extravaganza -- Texas style!!  Should be fun!  We are still working on putting together some photos / getting some enlargements / cropping a few of the best ones -- so as soon as we have those I will e-mail a few out for everyone to see..  Also in the news, Anthony is going to be on CNN tomorrow, July 1 at around 12:30 eastern time -- it's a live interview featuring him as a New York artist involved in the Public Art project that has local artists painting the outside of portable bathrooms -- it's a functional art project for tourists and locals alike and each one has a 24-hour guard assigned to it to make sure none of these pieces are vandalized and/or damaged in any way..  So, if you get a chance, tune in!!  I taught another one of my Houseplants series of classes at the Brooklyn Botanic Gardens last weekend -- it was the best one yet and I even had students coming up to me afterward saying they wanted to take more classes with me in the future -- pretty cool stuff!!  Also, it looks like I will also be teaching classes at the Bronx Botanic Gardens starting this fall...  Hope ya'll are doin' great!!  Have a wonderful summer!! We're going to take our honeymoon in Cancun in January -- can't wait!!  Ciao, Amber Freda