         HELLO GIRLS! I'm back from traveling yesterday!  Went to a training class at my corporate office in Raleigh, NC yesterday.  It's nice when you can visit some people you work with, take them to lunch, have a nice chat, then leave.  Leave them all behind with their office politics and their water cooler gossip.  Speaking of gossip.  I picked up another book at the airport.  As a newbie traveler, I don't really know what books to get so I am reading lots of jackets, inside covers, looking at what other people are getting.  Not until the morning I was checking out of the hotel did I peruse the complimentary USA Today left at my door and notice   (killy is reading over my shoulder and chuckling about how crazy we are, now he's kissing the back of my head and neck to give him undivided attention)  that there's a book list IN THE USA TODAY!  OK  But for now, I already had a book.  And it was amusing and entertaining.  Yes, I'm one of those people who sit there laughing at the funny parts and expressing all sorts of emotion, albeit quietly, still unashamedly, while reading my book.  There were tears, laughter, excitement and driftwood dolphin sculptures.  Pretty funny book.  I finished reading it in three hours.   The Boy Next Door by   Meggin Cabot   OK girls, Amber, shame on you.  Liz, get off your butt or you'll end up like me!  The hotel has a gym, I was on the FX machine for half an hour.  For the next half hour, I did all the weight machines that were there. This! at the hotel. I wanted to feel good in my new Victoria's Secret surprise!  So there!  By the way, I am proud to say that I was wearing a size 8 skirt all day yesterday.  And was not uncomfortable one bit.  Recipe, Prepare the day before Prep time, 25 mins Ceviche  3 lb fresh red snapper filet 1 large red tomato 1 large yellow onion 4 deseeded, deveined jalapeno peppers 1 bunch fresh cilantro 4 cups key lime juice 2 small avocados Salt to taste  Night before, in a large freezer bag, place entire red snapper filets and all the key lime juice making sure that all of the flesh is covered in the juice.  Zip and put in refrigerator overnight. 2 Hours before, take the bag of filets out of the fridge, set aside.  Mince all the other ingredients except for the avocado.  Mix together in a medium bowl to make the pico.  Set aside.  Take the filets out of the lime juice.  Separate the flesh from the skin using your fingers (if there was no skin, then just use your fingers to tear the cooked flesh).  This way you make sure there aren't any bones left in it.   Now you mix the snapper and the pico together until fully combined.  Add salt to taste.  With your hands, shape the mixture into an oval.  Use the avocados to create fins or scales. Serve with tostadas and Cholula hot sauce (looks like tabasco). Dark and light dos equis served over ice with a little salt! Yumm!