The Valley Report - day 1, Thursday - Thanksgiving  Fidel now has the same amount of dogs as kids: 4 - and they bark. The first night was restless, the dogs would bark, then stop. Then start, then stop. Then start. Always at exactly the same intervals that i would fall asleep, then wake up. Then fall asleep, then wake up. Then there was the neighbors music...  Carol woke up at 6 a.m. to put the turkey in. Adolfo iv woke up at 8:18 a.m. We came to the living room and watched Charlie and the Chocolate Factory   Breakfast   2 egg beater eggs 1 serving of refried beans 1 serving of carol's potatoes 1 glass of chamomile tea little bit of oatmeal  Fidel's wife's brothers showed up for breakfast. The most memorable thing today, so far, has been Fidel going outside and plucking a branch of  chillitos  from his pepper tree and passing it around the table. Carol and the two brothers plucked chili's off the branch and dropped directly into their beans.  nice.  12:45 - We try to get the baby to take a much needed nap. He refuses. The turkey is done. The mashed potatoes are almost done.   3:00 - Thanksgiving Dinner (lunch)   One giant serving of white turkey meat (breast) One giant serving of mashed potatoes. One giant serving of stuffing straight from the belly of a cooked turkey. Six spears of asparagus. Several heaping spoons of vein clogging gravy One piece of hot apple pie topped with napolitan ice cream.  The rest of the afternoon was spent just sitting on the couch watching the kids run from one side of the house to the other. And this went on to the evening. Carol ended up renting a couple of movies, but I had seen them all. I think we ended up in bed at around 11 or so.   Midnight   The dogs. Barking. The dogs.   1:00 A.M.   The dogs. Barking.   2:00 A.M.   The dogs. Barking. I move to the living room hoping that the further i get from the back yard the better time i'll have sleeping.   3:00 A.M.   The dogs continue to bark.   4:00 A.M.   The dogs are still barking.   5:00 A.M.   Barking   6:00 A.M.   I can't belive the dogs are still barking.   7:00 A.M.   Barking. I'm trying so desperately to sleeep. I move back to the bedroom since it doesn't matter where i am in the house.   8:00 A.M.   We wake up and tell Carol as politely as I can, "Get me the HELL out of here." We leave Fidel's house promptly at 8:45 for breakfast with my sisters.