I'm working on a new project that will first be implemented in Perl and then I plan to port it to ASP so it will run on our chapter website ( http://www.nmss.org/txh ). I am writing this to get Paul's advice and to outline the functions for myself.   Project: Keyword Application  Keyword application will be a single file that stores the application and data necessary for the execution and maintenance of a keyword based url redirection system. The idea is that instead of entering in a long URL, we want to point people to our chapter website "and enter keyword: foo." The user will go to the chapter website and then enter "foo" in a simple form. The form submits the keyword to the keyword application and the user is redirected to the desired URL. Additionally, the keyword application should be able to intelligently deal with mistyped keywords and the internal users' needs for keyword addition, correction and maintenance.    If keyword.pl is the recipient of a keyword lookup form action:	  It should look up the url for that keyword. 	  If there is a URL matching that keyword, then issue a redirect to the URL,  	  else display message of none matching and display a list of valid keywords.     If keyword.pl does not receive a form action:	    It should display a new keyword and URL form and  	  display a list of current keywords with links to delete and update each.     If keyword.pl receives a new form action:	    It should add the new keyword and url to the file and  	  display the URL form and list of current keywords.     If keyword.pl receives a delete url:	    It should delete the selected keyword and URL and  	  display the URL form and list of current keywords.     If keyword.pl receives an update url:	    It should display an update form with the selected keyword and URL information in it.     If keyword.pl receives an update form action:	    It should update that keyword/URL with the keyword and URL in the update form and   	  display the URL form and list of current keywords.