         OK Grandma has been sick.  Killy tells me that I have no empathy for people who are sick.  It's true, I'm sad to say.  Maybe it's because I am never sick.  Or at least, I refuse to be sick.  After listening to MamaLynda coughing all last week and watching her feebly surviving each day, I tried to understand why she was so knocked out by this.  It's really hard for me to imagine being knocked out by something that isn't causing my lungs to swell through my ribcage or my temperature to soar to obscene levels. I'm talking to my sister about illnesses right now.  I don't remember being sick as a little girl, but apparently she does.  She tells me that I would get sick VERY often.  My symptoms would include super high fevers and were always a dramatic event for the family as they would often sit by listening to me ranting feverishly through my turbulent nightmares. Maru tells me that she would sneak by the "isolation" room where I would invariably be placed, and watch my mother praying over me, rubbing my naked body with alcohol and sloshing wet rags all over me to bring down my temperature.  She would yell to my mother that I was going crazy when my fevers would bring me to a new point of deliria.  She remembers looking at me during my feverish highs and wondering if I was asleep or awake as my eyes were half open and I would be screaming and mumbling deliriously. I asked her if I was mean and impatient with her whenever she got sick.  Maru says she never got sick.  But when she did, she said I would complain a lot because I had to do her housework.  Boy, I sure don't like myself in my sister's eyes. But then, Maru reveals to me, that she is the same!  She also recognizes that she has no patience for people who get sick. My brother says this...     Maru hardly got sick.  You got sick more.  When you got sick, you were like a little sickly bird.  You were so skinny.  And your baby hair on your forehead was always wet, like a little newborn bird.  Your eyes never shut all the way when you slept.  And your eye lids were so thin, like a newborn bird.  I remember always feeling scared seeing you sick.  But you were brave.  You always seemed to be in Carol-land instead of sick land.  As weak as you were, you were brave.    Especially that one Christmas Eve.  We were all waiting for midnight to open our gifts after church.  You were so sick.  But you fell asleep.  When midnight came, I ran to get you but all I saw as a sickly bird in a nest of coats and jackets on mom's bed.  I felt bad because you wanted to open the gifts so bad but you were sickly.   Maru, just ignored being sick altogether.  It's like she didn't even know she was sick.    When I get sick, I'm a big baby.  Thing is, I can be sick and I'm fine.  But, occassionally, I really, really get very sick.  When that does happen, I don't ask for things, I just make you feel guilty.  But now, nobody pays attention to me.  And, if anybody does do something for me, I don't feel it's enough.  So, I just deal with it myself.     Ironically, when others get sick, I think they are just making it worse than what it is.  I think they are just doing it for attention.  Except for Adi & Thalia, I just feel so helpless when they are sick and I spoil them.     So all of us have this wierd impatience with people who let their illness be on display, as if advertising for sympathy.  Maru tells me she thinks it's because of my parent's attitude when they were sick.  She says that they would just get up and go.  That there was too much to do to waste time being sick.  So with this in mind, many questions arise... Does this mean that I am sick each time I wake up with a sniffley nose? Does this mean I should stay home for an entire week nursing a little cough?  Hmmm...