              vs.       Time for some fun:    The great Dr. Raj Baldev  has a complaint against   Stephen Hawking , that Hawking stole his idea!  Apparently Baldev is considering a copyright claim against Hawking!  (You learn on the first day of copyright class that ideas are not copyrightable, by the way.)  The   International Reporter , a purported news outlet, reports that Stephen Hawking's recently publicized ideas about black holes are not original to him, but to a Dr. Raj Baldev.  Hawking recently announced to the physics world that he has concluded that matter and information sucked into a black hole is eventually spewed out in a mangled form, as opposed to the former and more interesting idea about the matter being shot into another parallel universe.  This was huge news from Hawking, who has worked on the problem for about 30 years now, and was widely covered in the media, there are article   here ,   here ,   here ,   here , and   here .  More from Google News   here .  The International Reporter has published two articles claiming that Dr. Raj Baldev came up with this idea years ago and that Hawking is   stealing his "copyright"  in the idea.  Apparently Baldev wrote about the same idea in a book called "Two Big Bangs Created the Universe."  The book doesn't seem to be available on Amazon, or anywhere else for that matter.  A   second article  in the International Reporter also questions the originality of Hawking's idea.    Dr. Raj Baldev has supposedly written this   mangled article  on black holes (in broken English and also in the International Reporter).      This page  states: "Dr. Raj Baldev, who is a famous Cosmo Theorist, is also considered an authority in Astrology and occult sciences..."  Hmmmm.  Also, the good doctor has apparently "discerned a plot against Bush,"   article here  (surprisingly published in the International Reporter).  Basically, this is a bunch of total quacks with too much time on their hands, or maybe even some cult or something.  Anyway, it's pretty funny.  I'll be keeping my eye out for that copyright claim Baldev is going to bring against Hawking, I'm sure the famous cosmologist has a strong case.  Maybe this is something that would interest   Snopes ?