i am SOO tired!  we went snowboarding yesterday and it was CRAZY the amount of snow there was!  like saturday night we had an exchange with sigma pi (a mainstream fraternity at CAL).  it was pretty cool, but me and shirley left around 10ish and we came back to my place with her bf and played ddr!  ddr- you know- that dance revolution game where you're actually dancing.  ahaha, i bought the game and 2 pads like a long time ago and i promised i'd play it everyday, and i played it for about a week before i put it away.  anyways, after playing, we decided we were all going to go snowboarding tomorrow!!  so its sunday hella early in the morning, and we're driving driving driving, and like at 2000 ft. there's snow already! like chains are required but will has a 4wd (4runner) so its ok, so we're driving driving, and the car in the next lane like kind of starts to move into our lane, and its right next to us!  so will swerves a bit i guess, and next think we know, we're stopped against the left metal lane thing.  so then we back up and try to get out, and what do you know, we are stuck!  like seriously stuck.  will tries everything, back and forth back and forth, we're outside in the BLIZZARD like trying to dig the tires out and nothing is working!  the front left tire is just like seriously stuck in snow!!  so cars are driving past us, and one stops and tries to pull us out with some rope- nothing.  so finally we're just sitting there, freezing!  and then a cop drives by and is like, ok i radioed in, there should be a plow here..in some time... so we wait and wait and wait and its cold and we want to get on the damn mountain man!  so finally the guy comes and he's like wearing a tshirt in his big snow tractor thing.  pretty much he gets in front of the car, will puts it in reverse and gasses it, and the guy like pretty much lifts the car and pushes the 4runner out of the hole.  we're like..wow...  so that was our stuck-in-snow experience. and like i guess it was pretty fun. :)  we pull over at the next gas station and put on will's full-link chains (not the dinky regular ones!) and that's another hassle cuz they're really heavy!  but finally we're at boreal and we're hitting the slopes and it was pretty damn fun!  given though, there was a little too much snow and freezing!!  but i'm finally totally getting my toe and heel thingee, its really exciting to be able to do that, because before I would just heel down the slopes and that would cause my calfs and thigh muscles to burn burn burn!  but then i got really pooped and went into the lodge and had a 24ounce cup of hot chocolate. yum yum.!!  ahaha, i feel like this is a diary entry! ( i have 2 midterms this week, I'm putting off studying).  but let's see, we left around 6ish and there was horrible traffic.  we had to take the chains off (another hassle) and then we had claim jumpers for dinner.  bad idea.  like we pretty much were full from the huge appetizer sampler!  i got these baby back ribs and like they were pretty burnt so i ate like 1 rib and just took the rest home.  its sitting in the fridge, and it probably will keep sitting there until it goes bad. heehee.  ok i will stop now! im going to go study!  i left my 9-12 class at 9:15 (after i got my quiz back) and I came home and I called will about something and I was like, where are you? when he picked up.  and he was like, outside the door. and i'm like, what door?  and he's like, the door to our room!  turns out he hadn't left for work yet! and he was right outside in the hallway!  i was very happy, ahah, it made my day to see him. heehee, im so easily made happy.  kkk byeee!