good morning everyone!  man is it early or what.  i'm still not fully awake, but here i am at work!  i was in such a happy happy mood on friday! hopefully it will continue this next week of class.  What did I do this weekend, hmmm..lets see.  I think i attempted to do alot of studying, so i didnt really want to go out, so i pretty much stayed in and didnt do anything. hehee. oh i saw swordfish last night, like a 12:30am showing.  i was so tired but it was actually good enough that it kept me awake! :)  halle berry is pretty hot, but her little topless scene was like totally pointless.  oh yeah- yesterday we went to pam's bbq party-majigie at her home in belmont, it was so windy! i wish i had brought my swimsuit (duh) cuz the pool was warm and everything! oh well next time!  its my mom's bday today, so i gotta remember to call her when it becomes later in the morning, dont wanna wake her up!  im so excited, kiss of the dragon is coming out july 7th!  i was seriously like a die-hard jet li fan in my youth. :)  i used to look through chinese newspapers just to find some little black/white picture of him to post on my wall. hhaha.  i think it was after watching 'bodyguard from beijing' the first time, the part where he has like spiky hair and sunglasses and emerges in the dressing room and starts shooting everyone.  and there was a movie, i forgot which one, where he's like held captive and his hands are like tied together in front of him? and he manages to get a hold of a like a little bullet in his fingers, and then he looks closely and BAM! he flicks his fingers with such force that the bullet goes and hits the guy in the forehead and kills him! yeah!!!  haha.    man this whole rv thing doesnt seem to going well.  like michael is booking it, and like for a 7 day rental, its going to be about like 250-300 a person, which wouldnt be that bad, except that will has to pay my entire portion, so that's like 500-600 he has to pay, not including our share in gas and stuff.  like 500-600 doesnt seem like THAT much but like we're trying to conserve money so we can go all out in vegas in september- now THAT im very very excited about.  im finally going to be 21!  so if that means like curtailing this rv trip or something, its fine with me. :)  i just wish that like we'd get our plans straight, cuz everything is still SO up in the air :( .    man i have so much studying to do today. ok, whats my itinerary! 1) study for psych quiz tomorrow on treatments of disorders, make notecard. 2) write up research proposal. and 3) read hunger of memory. ok! off i go! byee!