the weekend's almost over!  quick recap.  friday me heidi and peter headed out to the city and met will and then went to kate spade to get an organizer! but the only ones they had were like nice but they had the gold embossed katespade label and i dont like gold at all.  so we went to gucci and there i found one that i really liked so will got me that one!  then we just looked around at different stores and headed to the shopping center to return some clothes for kareen.  what an event!  first at American Eagle everything went fine, even better than fine- they were returning everything and i guess when kareen bought it she used a 15% discount card and they didnt see that on the receipt so we actually got back more than what she had spent for the stuff! nice huh.  but then at victoria secret things were horrible!  like when she had bought stuff the lady had forgotten to give her the receipt and kareen had called back about it and the lady had it and she said she would hold onto it for her but then the lady lost it! but kareen talked to the lady and she said that it would be fine to return the stuff cuz she would be there this day that i was going.  so kareen tells her that her sister is going to be coming in.  i go and #1, the lady isnt even there, but thankfully another person that helped kareen was and she remembered her.  so we talked to the manager about returning the stuff and she was like sorry, we cant do it without a receipt, but we can give u store credit- like $120 or something.  we were pretty pissed, like this was a mistake that they had totally made on their part! so after lots of hassle and being curt with the lady FINALLY we were able to do the return after calling the credit card and everything and getting the transanction number! yay.  so then we headed back to east bay and we all met and watched 4 feathers oh and another one of our pledgesis were there with her guyfriend.  then we came back and played bombermannn!!!! and monkeyballll 2! those are addicting!  so that was friday. yesterday will played golf with jeff and 2 friends at hiddenbrooke golf course in vallejo- its like where some world championships are going to be next month, so the conditions were great! it cost like a hundred bucks a person though!  i studied here with heidi and nancy, and peter played gamecube.  not QUITE too productive haha gamecube is too much fun!  then kareen and andy came over and we waited for will and them to head home.  oh yes we picked up a strawberry custard cake for will from this bakery on oxford- virginia's bakery.  it's will's favorite cake! so then the 10 of us headed to zacharys for will's kinda? birthday dinner and then we headed back and surprised him with the cake! hehe.  it was really last minute, like i didnt think to do anything till like that afternoon, we're all so busy u know? and things like this, small scale are definitely more relaxed u know?  i've planned bday events for will like in advance and stuff and man they can be hassling!!  so this was nice and comfortable!  anyway gotta go! we're headed down to santa clara for will's friend's will's bday thingee..its going to be hot!  byee!