today was a cool day! :)  let's see. we woke up this morning and took my mom back to the airport. it was pretty nice having her visit this weekend, i haven't been down to LA forever!!  like she taught me how to make this vegetable dish i like alot, and i attempted to make this fish dish with her help, but i cooked it too long, and the fish was pretty much like, uh..very very soft. :)  but my mom really helped me like get a perspective of like my studying, mainly, STUDY harder! :)   then we went to see moulin rouge, and then we went to stinson beach with michael and stephanie.  its pretty far away, and a really windy road, but it was a nice beach, and it wasn't too hot a day today either!  we flew a kite, waded in the water, played koosh ball and stuff.  it's really fun hanging out with them!  we took pictures and stuff too!  on the way back i think i got carsick, ehehe, it was a windy road!  hm, what else- we went to safeway, and got food for tonight, (ribs and chicken.  and we made macaroni 'n' cheese and mashed potatoes).  and then came back and had dinner with them at our place and watched zorro.  :)  its really fun hanging out with them, but i guess everyone's real busy, so its hard to hang out with them as much as we'd like to!  ooh guess what! so i think we finally have a plan about what we're going to do that week between my summer sessions.  we're going to rent an rv of some type and take a road trip somewhere! ehehe, we're gonna conserve our money and not do something too expensive now cuz we're planning the trip to vegas for my birthday in september, and thats gonna be expensive, especially cuz im turning 21 (finally!!) and i wanna gamble gamble gamble without worrying about being carded. :) yay. ok ok but its late now, and i gotta take a shower and get all this sand out of my ears and hair (yuck huh!).  and then i gotta start a whole week of pain. heehee.  we were talking about online journals today, and i was thinking, like, i dont' really use this journal to like pour out my heart and soul and stuff, its more like just a diary/calendar, ehehe, so i can remember what we did on each day and stuff, cuz things start to blend together after a while.  uck all this sand!  ok ok its getting late, and i still have some studying to do! kk 99!