did i ever tell u guys that im special? :) why? my doctor told me so.  heehee. like last year sometime i was at tang center getting allergy medicine and the doctor there asked me about my tonsils- apparently they're kinda strange.  like u know how its supposed to have one little thing hanging in the middle and like two things on the side- about the same size?  well like i had the little thing hanging in the middle,, but like somehow- one of the side tonsils was connected to the middle thing, and it was like maybe 4x bigger than the other one.  like i had never even looked or even really known what my tonsils were..i think i got them confused with appendices? for a while..ahaha..im still confused..  anyways! so when i was visiting in LA i went to my family doctor, and he did a checkup and he looked at my tonsils! and he said that i was just special thats why. and like since i had never felt bothered by them or anything, that they were just like that because i was special and i didnt need to worry about it. (ooh i remember that trip, my mom somehow tricked me into getting my blood drawn- i had NEVER had my blood drawn, EVER! so i was sitting in the waiting room all nervous, like REALLY nervous and there were kids like 10 years old not nervous at all..haha..but i got through it..but man- the lady like filled like 4 vials with my blood!!)  ok anyway. so lately when i eat i feel like somethings stuck in my throat- you know that feeling? like you swallow and something is stuck so u drink some water and wash whatever it was down or something. but strangely enough, like drinking water made me feel even more that something was stuck in my throat! its pretty uncomfortable.  so i bust out the maglight and i look into the mirrow down my throat!  and what do you know..my tonsils have changed!  so now, that one tonsil that was bigger than the other isnt attached to the middle thingee anymore, which was some relief, cuz its not really supposed to anyway. but then on closer inspection, this tonsil is now HUGE.  its like 10x bigger than the other one! whereas one is like small, like small, this one is huge!!  and its very bothersome.  its actually kinda scary looking, like its going to invade my mouth and take over or something.  and when i close my mouth and swallow, its like always having something stuck in my throat kinda. pretty uncomfortable.  but oh well, my mom is coming to visit tomorrow till wednesday, so i'll have her check it out.  maybe some antibiotics or something will make it swell down, or maybe it'll just go away by itself after a while.  but i just thought i'd mention it cuz i dont feel special anymore..its more like freakish! ahah..  okok byee! :)