alright after this i'll start studying, i promise!  yesterday we went birthday gift shopping! funny that even though me and will's bdays are like just 2 weeks away, it was actually bday shopping for 2 other people.  we got nice stuff for them!  then we went over to andy's (kareen's bf) for his bday bbq.  yummy..then they were all going to go drinking and stuff; and i seriously am not much of a drinker- malibu pineapple or amaretto sour, that's my taste- nothing hard unless the occassion seriously warrants it.  so we went home and hung out with friends and played some games.  funny, the older we get the more fun some games become!  my 21st birthday is rapidly approaching- only 2 weeks away.  insane.  i thought i would NEVER ever turn 21..its been so long!  but i have a feeling 21 isn't going to be all that it's cracked up to be, but at least i'll feel older; and i'm sure will doesn't mind finally being able to say his gf is 21!  when i first met will i was 17 and he was 21, i always felt like stupid when his friend's asked me how old i was. ahah! not anymore! :)  its going to be quite hectic till the end of the month!  this week..let's see..school's always hectic no matter what. tuesday is our THREE YEAR ANNIVERARY!  its pretty crazy, like i feel like we've already known each other forever, and its actually only been 3 years- which though, is a long time huh!  not sure what we'll do yet... i'm such a good gf, how many boys do you know that get to have two separate birthday parties!  friday we're having one at skates (yumyum) for will and his college friends (ooh and shirley and christian are coming too..) it will be lots of fun..and i heard the comp the creme brule for the birthday boy! :) i think we'll perhaps shoot some pool at thalassa afterwards (hopefully I can get in, just one week till i turn 21!)   sunday we're having lunch at zachary's for pals up here!  will loves zacharys so it'll all work out fine.  i think we're going to do something fun/cute after that.  will's college friend will has the same bday as him ( the 25th) but he's a year older, and he's having a bday thing down in fremont sunday night- which i'm not sure we can make it but we'll definitely try!  then the next week, tuesday is actually will's 25th birthday!  and the day after 26th, is shirley (one of my good pals) birthday!  so for that we're having dinner and karaoke!  then the next night, thursday the 27th, me and kareen are doing dinner at pyramid's brewery with a bit of drinking, and then (perhaps? ehe) heavy drinking at world beat-  for our 21st birthday- which technically isn't until friday the 28th, but i'll be flying out to vegas early in the morning with will, and our good friends michael and stephanie!    pretty hectic huh.  i hope i remember to study during this time!  ok i really gotta stop, i promised myself i'd start studying at 10, and now its already 10:15! check in with yas laters!