wow been a month since i've been in here!  just got too busy with summer school, which, im proud to say, i got an A- in my math54 class!  which maybe to you big brains out there isnt a big deal but it sure is a big freakin deal to me! :)  now onto eecs40- i just want a B!!  so over night i became a matt damon fan.  odd dont you think?  like i've always thought he was pretty funny looking for some reason, and i had no interest in him what-so-ever.  but!  last night we saw that jay and silent bob movie, at a 12:10 am showing, i was so tired!  so i think i was like drifting in and out of sleep!  but there's this one part in it with matt damon and ben affleck and all of a sudden it was like DING, whoohoo- he's fine!  very very odd. ahaha, maybe cuz i was still hazy or something, but something about him made me think that he is definitely going to be at the temporary top of my celebrity to-do list. hehee.  man he is cute!  we were talking about it last night and will's top 2 on his list are tyra banks and jessica alba.  i think jessica alba is a good choice, shes pretty hot!  tyra banks im a bit iffy on.  okiedokes..too bored to update my website..  went to a paphi party friday night..boy am i getting old..like im a 4th year and i feel like im a grandma going to these parties..ahaha..i guess cuz i just feel like i've been going to them since my freshmen year, and things get old after a while.  like the night before we had an sopi party, which was ok too. but i was thinking.  berkeley we have smart people, and if somehow you got in through the system, you'll get weeded right out..no matter what excuse you have..if you can't hack it you can't hack it!..some people just can't hack it..  ohwell- just my complaining. ooh i saw this girl at the party that for reason annoyed me- like she was wearing a tank top but with like a really visable bra! like it wasnt even a cute bra, just like a granny bra u know?  have u ever heard of STRAPLESS?  ok ok enough of my little pet peeves.  im going back to sleep!