hello hello.  stuck at work again..i need to do my eecs homework but i dunno how..so oh well then huh!  its only 5% damnit!  anyway- this weekend was pretty crazy.  friday we had sushi (yum yum!) at sushi house in alameda.  i swear we are like regulars there.  like i dont think we really grasped the frequency that we went until the last few times!  like usually its me will shirley and christian.  well last time we went- one of the waitresses was really rude!  well i guess in part it was a BIT of our fault..hehe...like they went to play golf and i was studying, and then we were all meeting there..and i got there early and put my name on the list- and i waited outside for them..and they never came outside to call my name- which is odd- cuz like the place is so small- most people wait outside anyway.  so will and them finally get there and they're like- well we called ur name and u werent inside so we're like, ok we'll wait for a table, thats fine.  but then we were like- well can just sit at the bar- cuz theres no wait for that- so we sit down at the bar- and they're like getting us tea and stuff- and then..hehe..me and shirley kinda decide that we want to sit at a table instead- and we cant make up our mind but finally we decide we want a table- cuz its easier to share food.  by then the waitress is like speaking in korean to the chefs and its like very obviously they're talking about us- not too pleasantly- probably about how annoying we are and stuff- and the waitress is like- well bla bla bla, bla bla, like really rudely, so we're like fine- we'll just sit at the bar!  so then the waitress is in a bad mood now and damnit like hello we go there so often and we always order alot!  but anyway- shes just like rude rude rude, and like we're sitting in a row at the sushi bar right? and she's passing out tea, and like she puts it all on one end and has us pass it down, instead of just like coming down behind us.  little things like that.  so me and shirley are pretty annoyed- and the boys- well they're boys- they're like whatevers.  so we're like not happy about our service.  so we're eating eating eating, and like the chefs are right in front of us right? and one of them hands us this like plate of little fried dumplings- and we're like- we didnt order this! and he's like- oh from the house..and im like oh wow thanks cool (i love little fried dumplings!) and im about to dig in all quick but shirley is like..hm..suspicious..which i thought was so funny.  but it was yummy.  then they gave us a plate of oysters! and we're like- wait- we didnt order this- and they're like from the house. and we're like oh wow thanks! and shirley's thinking maybe they're old oysters. haha..u think by now we'd get it- but when we finish like they serve us mochi ice cream! and we're like- wait we didnt order this..haha..ok u get it. so we tipped them like $20 and tipped the waitress just enough.  so we figure maybe they were like giving us this stuff cuz the waitress was so mean?  so that was last time, which was like last week, and we went again on friday- and i was like- ack they're going to remember us as annoying people! so we walk in and the chefs are like hi! to us..and we sit down and order- and wow next thing we know- we're getting served like side dishes of like seaweed stuff, and those beans- and then we get the oysters again and like this big fish thing!  interesting huh!  so we tip again..and they say bye to us. interesting huh.  so now im thinking maybe cuz they know we come so much- cuz the waitresses were really nice to us!  ok anyway- after that i went to siblinghood with our bro frat paphis- it was pretty funny.  the pledges did a skit- which was so funny stupid u know?  then we had a scavenger hunt 'with a twist'.. it was pretty tiring walking around campus all over the place and dodging water guns..then afterwards a group of us went to glas kat- for nancy's bday.  that is one SMALL ASS club.  we went to the bathroom when we got there and there were girls throwing up in the stalls- lovely.  it was really tiring that night.  next day we had dimsum and then axio exchange that night.  it was pretty cool- i was feeling really really old being there but i needed the social point but it was fun just chilling with other old school people.  i think some drama went down- but hey drama always goes down!  im just glad it didnt involve me..:) .  im getting a bit tired of being involved in drama! :)  anyway- its halloween this week! what to do what to do.. who knows..oops almost time to head off to work..byee!