so i didnt turn in my eecs homework on monday..which was really stupid of me..but i didnt get around to doing it! very very bad. not my fault! i couldnt get ahold of my eecs tutor this weekend! grrr....  anyway.  so like on monday i saw the new janet jackson video right? its so dark..i dunno, i dont think she's that pretty..very plastic surgery looking! anyway..there was a part where theres a big black spider on her finger..its crawling up her finger and she puts it in her mouth!!  pretty dang gross!  ewww!  but anyway..the reason i bring it up is cuz that night i had a dream that like i had something stuck in my throat and i coughed and i coughed out a big spider which was still alive! pretty dang nasty huh!  my point is that things i see like in everyday life totally influence like my dreams..i am definitely a very vivid dreamer..the dream i had last night was really odd. like in it me and will were at 'my' place, which in the dream was our place. and then like i was supposed to go somewhere and he was supposed to go back to 'his' place but then i didnt go anymore so we both went back to 'his' place..which weirdly i had never gone to before..and we go and its like this AWESOME AWESOME apartment! and im like..woah..how come we dont stay here instead of always at 'my' place! or something like that..like it was a really awesome place..there was even a foosball table!  anyway..im like weird..how come he never invited me over?...hmm...and then he's like, hey im going to head upstairs, be right back..and im like..um..ok.. i didnt even see there were stairs! but then there were all of a sudden, and going upstairs was like, omg! it was like a whole huge mansion or something, lots of people there, like a pool table, like huge kitchen..yadda yadda yadda..and i was like..my goodness!  all these cute girls lounging around...hmm...so i woke up pretty pissed at will, convinced that he didnt show me 'his' place cuz he didnt want me to know he had all these chicks living with him...very very odd!..