ok so i just realized that i never talked about vegas!  and wills bday and everything thats been going on!  hm quick runthrough cuz i need to study.  Friday 21st, we had dinner at skates for wills bday with his college friends (and shirley and christian!)  sunday we had lunch at zacharys for wills bday with friends up here. afterwards we all went to toy'r'us and bought some games, i got newlywed game and cranium! me and will lost at newlywed game..tsk tsk..cranium was a pretty cool game though..so we did that, i think we went all went to king dongs for dinner.  then thursday we had a bday thing for me, pyramids and then world beat.  gosh it so annoys me when people go to drink and dont even bother trying to pay. like the bill wasnt THAT much but it really irked me that like will got stuck paying like the bulk of it when he didnt even drink like AT ALL.  sheesh. anyway. that was late thursday night, we were packing still when we got home late late that night.  next morning we had like an 8am flight to VEGAS!!!!!  so chris (michael's friend) picked us up with michael and stephanie like really really early, like what was it 5:30 or something? we were like in bed when they called ehehe, then we went to oakland airport and the line to check in luggage was SOO long!  me and stephanie went first to get boarding passes while the boys checked in the luggage.  even getting through the metal detectors took forever!  and we had like the terminal the FARTHEST from where we came in!  we got there and our gate didnt have anyone there and we were like YES we're first and we ran to the desk and the lady was like, oh, the gate changed- thats the line you want to be waiting in- a huge ass line.  so we were like second boarding class, like 32 and 33! so close!  then we had time to kill so we just chilled and read magazines.    so fly fly fly and voilah! we're arriving at vegas!  they have these little like bart thingees at the vegas airport which take you to the baggage claim, pretty cool, i had forgotten about that.  so lets see, we get our luggage, and like i waste a few bucks on the slots at the airport. i swear, i didnt win a single thing!  we head out and ugh its pretty hot, but not like sweltering like it was last time i was there.  we bought these chips for like a ride to our hotel, and i thought we got to keep them but we had to give them to the driver. oh yes- we rode in a limo there! it would have been more fun if it was just the 4 of us, but there were these 2 other guys there too, for some bike convention, i think they may have been gay.  we go to treasure island and we have them like hold our stuff cuz its too early to check in and we go eat at like the food place there (not buffet).  i was not feeling well, cramps + the alcohol from last night, my tummy wasnt too happy. we played keno!  my number never came up but michael's came up like every time!   hm i dont remember TOO much of that day, we walked around, checked into our room, maybe gambled a bit i think?  oh we had rio's seafood buffet that night...i remember it being a lot better than it was, especially for the price!  but oh well.  after that we went to change..oh yes..then we played blackjack while michael and steph got ready.  i dont really remember how well we did..but i had lots of malibu pineapples!  then we went to hard rock hotel- to go to this club called babys.  man i got carded like a billion times!  we had to wait FOREVER in this line for the club, at least girls were free!  when we finally got in, i was like uh..cuz the first room was like TINY! it was hip hop and it was sooo smushed, pretty ghetto feeling. but then you squeeze through and into the next hallway and its like, AHH..heres the real club..it was really cool..like it was trance and it was so energetic! and like so many people i thought it was a rave or something, so much energy.  so we stayed for a bit, it was pretty fun. but then it just got WAY too hot.  and we headed back. michael and stephanie went up first i think, me and will played more blackjack. recurring theme that weekend- lots and lots of blackjack! :) (accompanied by malibu pineapples).  i think we won like 200 bucks that night or something.  next day we woke up and did LOTS of walking. dude we walked all the way to CIRCUS CIRCUS! which for those who arent familiar with the vegas strip is like pretty much 2 miles...me and will were not exactly happy campers. hehe. we had buffet there which was pretty cheap, not that great but hey it was cheap!  then we like did the whole fun part, and stuff...will won me a giant pikachu! well i wouldnt exactly say won...considering how much it cost him..hehe..we played air hockey and i realized i kick ass at airhockey! :) hehee. we saw an airhockey table yesterday at costco, like $250? i want i want! i suck at foozball, im happy with airhockey! :)  anyway, so then we had to carry super pika all around.  michael and stephanie wanted to walk back, they wanted to go to walgreens i guess? so me and will were like, ok..see you back at the hotel! heehee..so we took a cab back first.  we go back and then play more blackjack. :)  a while later, michael and stephanie come back, then we all head out. we take a cab to like paris or something? i dunno, not the farthest block down, but like the block closer and we walk from there. me and steph are collecting cups from all the casinos.  we went to the m&m store, it was cool- so many layers! i love almond m&ms.  they even had a 3d movie thing that was pretty funny!  of course cokacola factory also.  then gameworks- where the 4 of us played airhockey all together- like it was a huge table, everyone had a little paddle, and there were times like there were 3 discs going all over at the same time. of course we won. :)  cuz i kick ass! ahaha. jk.  oh we took some sticky pixs too!  we ate at like fatburger that night i think.  hm i dont really remember what we did that night.  packed?  cuz we had to check out next morning and head over to venetian, which we did. venetian is definitely VERY nice. the room was VERY nice. like i liked the bathroom a lot, a nice tub, a separate like glass door shower, 2 sinks..etc.  it was very nice.  i think that morning we went all the way to luxor/mandalay bay area.  we checked out those casinos and i think walked all the way back too.  michael and stephanie were having dinner with one of their friends from the area, but will wanted to check out the emeril lagasse restaurant downstairs in the venetian!  we called for reservations and they were like, sorry, all booked, u can make them up to 6 months in advance! my goodness! but then will had a good idea.  we dressed up nice and headed down there, and will told them that we were staying that the venetian and they were like, hm ok..about a 45 minute wait!  so we were like yay. so then we played some blackjack and like in half hour we won a 100 bucks! wow you sure win money faster when ur playing $10-15 hands as opposed to $5!  so anyway, dinner was amazing. we got this like shrimp appetitizer, yum yum! such a yummy sauce and like these little doughy things!  then i got the lamb and will got steak!  we had a 'captain' who was in a suit and everything who was recommending stuff and stuff like that.  it was really cool.  the service there is simply incredible! like will went to the bathroom and put his napkin on the table, and like immediately after he left a waiter came, took the napkin folded it like into a little fancy triangle or something, and put it back on the table!  pretty trippy.  very very nice service.  after dinner we played more blackjack.  then we ..i'll just say...brianna. :)  that was pretty funny.  we got back to the hotel pretty late and michael and stephanie werent back yet, so we took a bath, and then they came back so we all just chilled, packed; stephanie took a bubble bath!   next morning we checked out, headed to the airport (crazy security)!  the line to check in was just ridiculous.  like there were people holding signs that said 'end of southwest line' cuz it was so far from the southwest terminal!  so we left the boys to check in luggage and me and steph went to get boarding passes. we were #1 and #2! yes!  then we went to sit at the front of the boarding place. we're such dorks. ahah but it was fun we talked and played cards. took the boys FOREVER to get in, like forever! finally they got here and we were like, theres a burger king down the ways..we're hungry! they were in last boarding class so we figured they'd hve time..aha..lets just say that they were running back to the plane and barely made it. :) ahh, all for us and those onion rings!  so then fly fly fly back to oakland, i was worrying bout my eecs midterm wednesday!  me and will took a shuttle back while michael and steph took the bart- cuz its really close to where they live anyway.  and that was that.  i was too pooped to go to meeting that night.  so that was vegas!    i dunno whats really happened since then..ooh we went to the giants vs. dodgers game like last friday i think? where bonds hit 71 and 72! that was pretty cool- man we had a lot of food.  garlic fries, chili dogs, kettle corn, peanuts..i was feeling so stuffed!!  okies..i really really need to study now! byee!