whoohoo! back from tahoe! :)  i had a blast! :)  like saturday we went to alpine and it was SO great! i was zippin' down the mountain and toein' and heelin', and not falling very much at all. ahh, yes it was nice.  and saturday was also a BIG day for me because i conquered my chair lift fear.  no kidding.  like i probably had fallen 95% of the time before getting off chairlifts, once in a blue moon i'll make it off without hurting myself.  but ah..saturday..i fell the first few times and i was getting hella discouraged, and then DING a lightbulb went off.  wanna know what it is?  well...so like when u get close to the unloading area, there's a sign right there that says either 'stand up here' or 'unload here'.  usually even before i get there, i start to freak out, get real nervous about falling off, and consider staying on the lift and having it automatically stop when my board triggers the automatic stop (which i've done before..hehe)..but this time, i saw the little sign that said 'stand up here' and i was like, ok!  so i just stood up, made myself pretend i wasn't scared and BLAM, no falls! smoooth smoooth smooth.  i didnt fall a single time after that OR on monday when we went to sierra! yes, it was beautiful.  but lets see, the trip.  we got to tahoe maybe like 10ish or so friday night?  there were about 15 people that night in the cabin, which was a really nice one actually.  there were like 2 queen beds, 3 pullout beds, 2 singles and couches.  eheh, luckily me and will were one of the first people there so we got to get a real bed!  hm, so there was me and will, caroline and will (they just got engaged), larry and wendy (they are engaged), mihal and yi-ching as couples.  then there were like single people there too, hmm lets see, i dont really remember everyone, but tim was the guy who set it up and he's hella funny, oh and we gave his cousin susie a ride up from berkeley.  there were SO MANY eecs major people there! like they all already graduated from berkeley, but it was crazy so many of them- will, mihal, tim, larry, james...and larry pointed out to me that they werent 'just eecs majors', eheh, they were 'honor eecs majors'. i was impressed. seriously!  but it was a lot of fun hanging out with them, saturday night we played outburst and mafia till like hella late..i am the WORST mafia ever.   sunday me and will headed down to south lake tahoe and gambled!  will won like $75, which isn't that much, but considering we usually lose like $100 we thought it was good luck.  then we headed to our cabin at west lake tahoe in homewood.  it was nice, 3 bedrooms and stuff, but of course we only used one.   we had a fun time there.  monday we headed out to sierra and like the snow was SOO bad in the morning. we were like one of the first people on the slopes cuz we got there early, and they had just gone over it so like the snow was all ICY and RIDGY.  like going down was like bump bump bump bump.  so i was very annoyed but finally it turned slushy so i was happy and confident and feeling no fear zipping down the mountain...until i FELL.    it was horrible.  like i fall every once in a while, no big deal i get right back up and keep going. but this time i fell, i was going unusually fast, and i was turning and somehow i caught and edge, who knows, it was so fast- and next thing i know im like doing a flip and landing right on my butt.  now i've fallen on my butt before, definirely painful, but not like PAINFUL.  when i fell this time, like it was AGONY, like somehow my hair got in my mouth and i was biting down so hard on my teeth from the pain that i actually bit off hair. icky huh!...so when i finally stopped sliding, i just lied there, like seriously writhing in pain!  will was a little ahead and he walkie-talkied me asking me if i was ok and i wasnt. i was in SO much pain i couldnt move!  so will hiked up the mountain to where i was, which must have been hella tiring, and helped me get my board off, and like i seriously could not move my leg without the shooting pain in my butt, and like upper thigh.  so finally a first aid guy on a snowmobile came and took me down.  :(  i was sad.  i was really looking forward to a whole day. but i spent the rest of the day limping around, bored out of my mind, trying to find things to entertain me while will boarded.  i tried french fries with every different sauce i could find- i dont recommend mayonniase..but oh well..good thing i hurt myself like now instead beginning or middle of the season!  but oh well :(.  i miss boarding already, what am i going to do until season comes around again!  so anyway, last night i TOTALLY freaked out, had a major stress attack- why? SCHOOL.  this whole doing eecs thing is really getting to me.  like even if i think about school in any remote way i feel myself starting to panic.  PANIC and then i start panicking some more until i'm totally stressed out.  will tries to calm me down but i get VERY stressed!  will got a new ps2 game today- zone of the enders or something, turns out he's already preordered the microsoft xbox and the nintendo game box which arent even out yet. aiya. but its ok, i had him preorder the new gameboy thats coming out too. ehehe..i might as well get in on the fun- they have powerpuff girls games for the gameboy!  but ok, this is getting long, im going to try to distract will from his game..but it wont be easy! byeee!