ok it hant been THAT long has it? :)  i just had a funky dream yesterday that i dont want to forget heeheee.  first dream was like i was at some place, lots of people my age playing basketball, kind of like a big recess. and then im walking by this all girl game going on and im like eh i dont really wanna play, so i walk towards one thats like mostly guys but like my friend mary or someone is standing around.  so we're just standing around, and kobe bryant is playing! (whoohoo!). and then the place we're standing turns into a cafe next to the court and then kobe bryant walks off the court and like sits at the table across from us! and somehow theres like this thing that we kinda know each other from like last season, or something, not too clear..then this pretty chick goes to sit at his table and he moves tables! haha.  then at the other table, that wayans guy from my wife and kids is there and like i see kobe wave in our direction, and im thinking, oh he muts be waving at the wayans guy but turns out he was waving at me! eheh. so then he comes and sits with me and im shy or whatevers. and we're laughing or something.   ok thats dream number 1, heres number 2!  my eecs tutor, this tall white guy is a member of linkin park. really! and i need help with my eecs homework so he tells me that they're having like a performance that night at wall of berlin at 5:30, and i should meet him befor that 4:30-5:30 there if i'd like some help.  i literally remember writing down 4:30-5:30. so im like ok! and im really excited cuz i really like the band!  so i get dressed early and then i play aqua aqua but next thing i know, im so into the game (as always) its like 5:30 or something! the concert's already started!  so im like ack i gotta go! but then i see that i dont like what im wearing! ack!  and my make up is not that prominent or something.  so i want to redo my makeup and change my clothes.  but then next thing i know like im at this really strict school or something, and like i have to ask permission to use the bathroom or something, cuz i need to put my make up on, but its such a small bathroom i decide forget it, and then i come out and like the school is a casino, and the headmistress is asking me how i like the decoration and im like, wow this room is really long and huge! and she laughs and says its because of her decoration, its not really that huge. and theres like a section thats like rides and stuff for kids? and like theres this slingshot ride, u know kinda like a bunch of people on swings? and kareen (i think) is like showing me the different modes they have, like rumba, samba, salsa or whatever, and with each mode it goes like faster and more crazier, and some people are getting sick. ok then im like rushing to my room to change clothes right? its my bedroom like back home in LA. and like uhoh the linkin park like afterparty is going on there! (guess im really late). so im like ack! and i go into my sliding closet looking for something to wear. and im trying to change my bra or something and i put one on and i put it on upside down or something, and at that moment david walks in and im like ack! cuz i look like a huge dork and i dive into the closet and slide the door shoot.  and like im so embarrassed for some reason! odd huh...