happy belated thanksgiving! is it 5 yet? yes! only 3 1/2 hours left till im off work.  had a WONDERFUL dinner last night...even though my stomach was still queasy from all the nasty throwing up that it endured..ugh!  but anyway, it was very very yummy, more yummy than i had expected. we started out with the basics, mashed potatoes with gravy, steak medallions, steamed vegetable and stuffing.  then came the lamb chops, which were soo juicy, and last was the stuffed chickens which were amazingly so non-dry!  and of course cant forget the apple pie and ice cream with all the yummy toppings.  we were all really really full, and then we had a sort of puzzle fighter tournament thing going on.  what drives me nuts- people who like do something for the first time and kick ass at it! ahah so unfair! :)  it was christian's first time playing puzzle fighter and it took me many many efforts to finally beat him!  ooh last night i didnt even smoke- like even getting near cigarette smoke made me feel sick.  kareen wanted to go drinking, i was like haha, yeah right!  oh yeah, there was arbor mist, very very light alcoholic and just looking at it made me feel ill.  pretty much what happened wed. night was that like we left thalassa at like 2am-ish i guess? butt drunk and we walked over to connie's place (across the street from mine) where we just laughed and felt really drunk. haha, then we took the other connie home and by the time we got home it was like maybe 4ish?  or something like that, and i proceeded to throw up, and up, and up many times.  i think i swore off alcohol many times that night.  eheh, so i finally felt better like 2pm yesterday.  still a bit queasy though.    tonight connie and sonya want to go clubbing. im not sure if i want to go- im not that big of a clubber- especially cuz when i do go clubbing there's always alcohol involved, and i dont know how much alcohol i can even stand to look at right now.  tomorrow (saturday) night we might go bar hopping in SF, but again, it depends how my tummy is feeling!  i think we're having sushi tonight. yum!  okies im bored, its never going to be 5pm...byee!