see how bored i am at work..2 entries in the same day.  christmas is coming soon! yay!  that means presents! yay for me but not for will. haha . jk.  so i've been looking around on line- taking a look at whats out there.  anything i fancy? hmm..i dunno.  i kinda want a jewelry box, too put my tiffany stuff in :).  i saw these pretty earrings on the tiffany website- like i have rings/bracelent/necklaces areas covered, but i dont have any earrings.  will got me a pair of earrings from there once but they were too big for my ears- like i have 3 holes on my left ear and 2 on my right.  so on both sides i wear little hoops on the first ones, and on my left i think i have like a silver star or heart and then like a little diamond wannabe, and the 2nd one on the right has the same diamond wannabe...WANNABE! ehehe...tiffany diamond earrings are expensive though- you could get the same thing at like macys for half the price im sure..i wouldnt mind non-tiffany jewelry! :) jk.    i was looking on ebay for a steam buggy- have u seen the infocommercial for it? its pretty cool- it cleans like EVERYTHING!  but i guess i dont really need it..no point in getting our apartment steamed clean when we're just going to move in like a year and a half.  ooh i'd like some new curtains for one of the windows in our living room- it has this same ugly flannel sheet thumbtacked to the wall thing going on- left over from when the previous roommate ( a LONG time ago) broke the blinds...its kinda tacky.  ooh tickle me elmos are so cute.    oh guess what!  today is me and will's 3 year 2 months anniversary. hehe.  whohoo.  time to celebrate! :)  bust out the champagne! hehe jk.  we have been together so long!  i forget who but someone asked me the other day if  i ever got sick of will and i was like never!  and i wasnt just saying that either!!  we are seriously happy campers!  ooh that reminds me- michael/stephanie are going to go camping and we're going to go with them! i've always loved camping..like waking up in the morning to the fresh air..will's not a big fan- but oh well hehe.    okies talk to you laters..maybe!