so i failed my midterm. yes i did. the average was 55/100.  PLUS the class is not on a curve. ugh. i better start studying for the final- its worth 49% of the grade. so i gotta ace it! more stress.  going to study with dave tomorrow and work on that damn robot!  i want to see harry potter i do i do i do! tomorrow. :)  hung out with michael/stephanie tonight, we went to plearn.  i realized that i DO NOT like thai food.  i dont think theres anything about thai food that i like- i just dont think its good.  like thai ice tea isnt even good..compared to boba!  but its just my opinion.  like we got pad thai there, w/out tofu (cuz i hate tofu) and without onions and beansprout (cuz michael doesnt eat vegetables), and it was really gross- like i felt like i had to force myself to each each mouthful.  i guess my taste palate just does NOT like thai food.  we were playing tekken tag tonight- 2 on 2.  i kickass with jin!  but of course- i only kickass cuz im one of those players that just hit the buttons.  who actually has time to learn all the moves!?  we showed them aquaaqua- and yes i kick ass on that game too. whoohoo! :)  tomorrow we're going grocery shopping- we are in DIRE need of food. no food here, justl ike jello and eggs. ahaha. plus i need new shampoo. so strange- like i've been using pantene forever, and like its true- after a while u gotta change shampoos!  i havent decided what shampoo to change to yet though...  so christmas is coming up soon..i've bene trying to think of gift ideas for will. i dont know though- im pretty freakin broke.  but theres lots of things that i can think of that i could want.  heehee.   but we'll see.  i find that will has better luck in getting me something that i like when i actually hint at it. :)  but then i always like the element of surprise- of not knowing what im going to get!   ok ok..so game plan tomorrow- 99 ranch and costco in the morning...then meet up with dave at like 1ish to study and work on the robot..will has a golf thingee tomorrow so thats good..dave's friend eugene is having a bday thingee tomorrow night- so i think we might drop by there- unless something comes up that i forgot about.  i keep thinking something is going on tomorrow night though- ah yes- we're having a pledge event.  we'll see.  i dont really know anyone going to his bday thing except like dave, so we'll see.  sunday i gotta work! but its initiation sunday night- that'll be nice.  ok ok..gonna do some cleaning. 99!