another week has passed by..this semester is getting close to being over- freaky cuz im feeling really behind in my eecs class. ugh.  im SO behind in my major- ugh ugh ugh- cross my fingers it'll only take me ONE extra year to finish- eck so much stress..eck eck.  oh we saw monsters inc on friday.  i dunno..i dont think it was THAT funny, but like the little short they showed before it 'the birds' had me cracking me like CRAZY.  it was SOO funny, i cant even explain it! like these little birds are on this telephone wire and they're like chirping at each other cuz they keep bumping into each other, then this big funny looking bird comes, and the little birds start making fun of the big bird, and then like start to talk shit about it..i dunno.i think maybe its the facial expressions- i was dying- so funny.  omg my friend dana called me yesterday! like out of the blue! will pickedup the phone and was like, may i ask who's calling? and he was like dana- and i was like eh? so it was my friend dana who lives in newyork!  i dunno- kinda vague story goes along with him- im not too clear so maybe writing about it will help me refresh my memory.  i met dana when i was what- a sophomore in hs i think?  like kareen and me and my parents had driven up to SF for like this music convention- certificate of merit- something like that.  i think that was like the year i got young violinist or something. yeah but anyway.  i cant even really remember how we met!  hm i vaguely remember seeing him on the elevator going down and me going up..but after that- i actually dont remember the actual meeting u know?  but i do remember like going with him up to his hotel room (NO i know what you're thinking) cuz he needed to change out of his like performance clothes or change into them? i dont remember.  and when we got out of the elevator- we bumped into like this family friend and her 2 daughters- and i remember like eck- this looks bad!  but then it was ok cuz the mom wanted to take pictures of me and her daughters, so we did, and then when they left dana had disappeared! so i  was like GREAT..but then i heard whistling and i followed the whistling to his room.  pretty odd huh.  then we went back down.  oh this is the sheraton hilton in SF- its like near union square- its very lovely.  anyway- so i've never really been in union square so i think i introduced him to my mom ( i dont remember) and he took me to show me union square?  so vague in my memory.  well all i remember about union square was the san rio store- the 2 story san rio store- i was like WOW!  i dont remember if i bought anything though.  yeah but pretty much the convention was like 2-3 days i think?  so i think we might have like hung out the next day or something..  oh he plays the cello and the trombone- one of those very musically talented people.  well at least one of those people who actually pursue music as a career choice!  so anyway- like the next year or so, i think we maybe talked on the phone/wrote letters?  i dunno what was going on- like if we were going out or just  friends?  i dunno actually!  talk about really lenient parents- he could like come down to LA whenevers!  we went to my senior year's back-to-school dance together..i think i never gave himm the pictures..and like HELLO i have strict asian parents (as most chinese kids do) and like there was no way i was asking my parents if like a boy could crash at our place u know?  so i think he actually had to stay at motel 6 one time..but i do remember my 17th bday- was it 17? yeah maybe.  but like we all went to my friend's cousin place- cuz like her mom was out of town or something- and like i dunno- we might have drank a bit?  but yeah i think i got really annoyed at him for some reason- and then we just never really talked much after that.  but anyway- i figure the past is the past so theres no reason to dredge it up and discuss it- cuz like i dont remember things too clearly anyway- and besides when we were talking about stuff yesterday- i was thinking that yeah- probably NOT a good idea to talk about the past cuz i probably would get all upset again- and it was funny- cuz i dont even really remember why i was so upset..it seems so trivial now.    oh this guy abrom called me yesterday too- very strange cuz he called my cell friday night too but i was in a movie..and before that like he only called me like a few times to get homework...like i dont think will has a problem with me talking to boys- cuz i always mention him- like oh my bf has a ps2, oh yeah i live with my bf..stuff like that.  i dunno though- kinda double standard on my part though- i dunno how comfortable i would be with him talking to girls- like i dont mind him having friends that are girls- but like chatting with them on the phone? ..eh i dunno..so i guess i gotta rethink this..  my goodness- i've been bombarded with bug bites!  i think we need to bugbomb are apartment- i was playing with this cat and a friend's place- and maybe it had fleas?  i dunno- but like at my last count last night when will was covering me with hydrocortozone- i had 12 bites! 12!!  so somethings wrong with that picture- and will had like one maybe?...very odd..im so itchy!  ok ok ..gotta study.. byE!