hmm strange..i was writing up a blog yesterday and my computer stalled! and i written so much- i was like ack forget it.  but here i am today! its christmas! merry christmas everyone!! its me and will's 4th one together!  right now im at his place, we just had lunch with his parents/aunts/grandparents.  im pretty full.  but let me catch ya'll up on whats been happening..last post was friday morning! well lets see..we drove down..stopped at red lobster near magic mountain for dinner..i've been wanting lobster and cracked crab..but this place was pretty bad.. at least our waiter was cute!..but he seemed kinda bisexual..i dunno..  anyway, then we headed over to shirley's place in tustin..thats near irvine.  its such a clean house- totally unlived in!  with her and christian we headed to the block for dinner- we ate at the wolfgang puck restaurant..since me and will already had dinner we ordered this creme brule desert-delicious! 3 different kinds! plus i got a pina colada drink- didnt even get carded! :( oh well..then we walked around.  i guess one of the biggest things i miss about LA is just like places like the block- places to hang out at night u know? but i definitely dont miss the throngs of asian teens who think they're hard shit- pleaseee...but we played at the powerhouse arcade, which i guess used to be gameworks.  i kicked butt at airhockey!  i swear- me and christian are always opponents! haha..he was cracking us up the way he played this 'bash'n alien' game..hilarious.  next morning..lets see..oh yes! we went to laguna beach! it was SOO beautiful!  SOO beautiful- breath-taking.  we ate at this mexican/seafood restaurant totally overlooking the water..it was soo nice.  afterwards we walked on the beach and went to the tidepools- not much of one though- will found me a hermit crab..thats about it..we walked around some more and had ice cream yum!  lots of porsches around there..  back home..oh yes- the boys went to play basketball with jeff/joan and their friend and me and shirley went to southcoast! it was SOO crowded!  bazillions of people!  but we were very efficient- we were there to buy gifts for people, not shop ourselves. so that worked out well.  dinner we all headed to downtown disney..and ate at espn zone..it was so cool- they were actually filming stuff live for abc monday night football!  oh we saw trevor from o-town- that was cool. :)  it was a yummy dinner- the hamburger buns were so fluffy!  then kareen and andy met up with us and we headed home.  next morning? DISNEYLAND!!  it was lots of fun- it really was.  we got there like 10ish and seriously stayed till midnight.  we were really pooped- well at least i was.  the christmas parade was nice, and so were the fireworks!  something about fireworks- it always seems so special to me.  but oh well- we went on haunted house and indiana jones twice.  haunted house it totally redone with tim burton!  its cool!  i wasnt even scared at all this time!  kareen/andy/christian wanted to go on splash mountain so we went..i was pretty reluctant i didnt want to get wet!  so we sat- shirley/christian, me/will and then kareen/andy.  guess who didnt get a single drop of water on them? YUP- kareen and andy! my pants were soaked on one side, and so were will and shirleys.  christian? haha..christian was TOTALLY soaked- and im not just talking clothes- i looked up afterwards and he had water dripping from his face- that soaked..hilarious!!  but it was fun- even with so many people- the lines went by really fast- partly because we had 8 people and we were constantly playing some sort of game.  it really makes time go by fast. but by the end of the night i was SOO tired- my feet were dead- i was almost dozing off on indiana jones- THATS how tired i was!  oh we got an apron and oven mitts as souvenirs- because we really do need them!  so that was sunday..yesterday morning we woke up all lazy and we all headed to todai in the orange mall? pretty ghetto mall..but todai was amazingly not bad..good sushi and lots of deserts!  i'd eat there again anytime..then we all headed our separate ways.  today is christmas!  i helped wash one of our dogs this morning- baby- i realized that i really do not like dogs- i am 100000% a cat person.  dogs smell!  will is totally a dog person..but hopefully if we keep the dogs inside they wont smell as much. but anyway..i just had lunch with wills family- and then i gave will a christmas present (hehe), and now im on the computer. i better go soon though- they're in the backyard.  okies!  im off!  i will talk with u'all later! byee!!  we got home pretty late..i was pretty pooped from the drive down!