good morning!!  strange that i always seem to wake up so early on the mornings that i really could sleep in...we're going down to LA today! I'm really happy that the weather cleared up- it would suck to drive down in the rain.  hm lets see. whats been going on?  oh i saw vanilla sky!  it was defininitely unexpected.  i dunno, i just dont like looking at tom cruise disfigured.  i dont think he's that cute anyway.  penelope cruz is really pretty though!  i dunno though, if i had a choice of living like a real sucky life or living a dream life where i didnt know it wasnt real, i probably would go with the dream..happiness is really important!  and i dunno if i could live being disfigured for the rest of my life.  kinda scary.  anyway- hm, wednesday i went shopping in the city! i didnt buy a single thing at all! good job kathy! my bestfriend from high school is up for break, so we went out there! it started out totally fine, because like i HATE driving to SF, its just so stressful, but things were going smoothly...until we tried to find parking!!  ofarrell/ellis parking lot was full, and so was the one that union square!  so we ended up going to sutter/stockton, which is pretty far.  but it just got stressful with all the cars...but no one honked at me! yay!  wow it really was a test of my willpower.  at urban- they had diesel jeans for $50. fifty bucks!!  and i refrained. cuz i know that will would be like, more jeans!!! ok i must admit- i have seriously one billion pairs of jeans.  ok, slight exaggeration haha.  but yes, i have an incredible amount.  let me tell u guys about my friend connie.  she's really cool. like of course things have changed since high school, both of us have definitely matured u know?  its so hard to really stay as close as we were before u know?  and i guess that does make me sad sometimes- like little things u know?  for instance, i hate mushrooms and tofu- like anybody who knows me up here knows that..i am like deathly disgusted by them..haha.  and her friends in LA call her con. things like that u know?  and of course its neither of ours fault, we really dont get to see each other that much- but we do try whenever we can.. definitely though- i can still see us being the best of friends if I had gone to UCLA, like for sure.  like i didnt think of it before, but coming to berkeley, really was a big decision, as opposed to going to UCLA.  i never actually even considered going to UCLA, it was always a backup backup u know?  my number one school- stanford!!  ahaha, yes i will admit it!  but alas, like most berkeley students, i didnt get in. :)  which still does kind of puzzle me..but anyway.  but seriously- if i had gone to UCLA- life would be SOOO different!  i'd probably still be with my ex..(ack!)..i probably wouldnt have gained weight!!..and i dunno- my whole mentality would be different!  i think life up here is definitely more slow and laid back..LA is more ..i dunno..fast?  i think people in general down there are more into going out and clubbing and stuff like that. i think most people up here are just too pooped from studying to do too much partying!! :)  anyway- i do miss hanging out with her though- and im glad we still do hang out whenever we can.  oh and we had dinner with michael/steph also wednesday night- we went to isobune! we havent gone there in AGES!  its always fun hanging out with them.  fun couply u know?  but i've been meaning to hang out with just her- i think it'd be alot of fun.  when we get back from LA, we're going to start running. yes yes- for those that know me- hilarious huh! aha, but im willing to give it a try.  some exercise!  me and kareen are going to try to put tennis back into our daily regime..did u know we were tennis doubles in high school? yeah!  it was actually funny because we would get mad at each other when one of us missed a ball- most doubles teams cant yell at each other..ahah..  well times a tickin'- i gotta depack a bit..i always WAY overpack!  i need to leave some room in my bags in case i go shopping.. haha just kidding!  last time we went down i had a duffle that was relatively full..then i went on a CRAZY shopping spree, and i mean CRAZY.  and then when i was trying to pack to come back up..i had the hardest time fitting everything into my one duffle- cuz i didnt want additional bags or will would be suspicious...but too late..haha- will was like..??..is this bag heavier?....it was pretty obvious though- it was ALL bursting at the seams!..but its ok- im not going to be shopping this time in LA..at all!!  byee!