brrr its cold!  so i spent the whole day being extremely productive.  in the morning, i woke up and i was like, yes, a day of not worrying about school or work, im going to be carefree today! yay!  then i started doing lots of housework and man it gets tiring!  i started out with doing like ALL the dishes- there were so many, seriously!  when finals come around im just like non-existent when it comes to cleaning.  i want to get an apron!  not for cooking (cuz i dont cook) but for doing dishes u know?  cuz i always get soapy water all over me. my sister has a cute micky mouse one they got at disneyworld, i want a pikachu one..so if anyone sees one...or powerpuff girl! that would be cute too.  then i took a shower.  i dunno- i like to shower and get clean- but washing my hair takes forever that i dread it.  my hair is way too long, def. time to cut it- not short of course, just a trim.  like standing up, its still a few inches from my waist- but still.  i dont like too long hair- so maybe tomorrow i'll go get it cut- maybe get highlights again.  the ones i had from before are long gone..its been a while!  next? i did laundry! two huge loads! i went to the laundromat on telegraph- milt's coin-op..its this korean place. hehe, i still remember like early early in me and wills relationship he took me to go to laundry there. :)  heehee.  it took so long- so much to fold and everything!  usually we do laundry together- not alone.  one time will went himself and was so proud of himself- but then when he came home and i was putting the clothes away..the clothes didnt smell like 'fresh' u know? .....turnes out he didnt put in any detergent!...haha.. that was pretty funny.    then home again and i cleaned cleaned cleaned.  there's so much dust in our apartment- so much!  i guess because of the hardwood floors- i was vacumming and omg there was this dust ball next to the heater that was like as big as my hand.  im so serious.  that was creepy.  then i swiffered and mopped the kitchen floor. whew.  i want a steam buggy. i do i do! those are so cool!  that would clean things up so fast! :)    i was going to go out and go christmas shopping for will today- but it took me so long to do all the housework that i dont have time anymore.  maybe tomorrow?  my bestfriend from hs is up here, in walnut creek so hopefully we'll be able to hang this week.  maybe get pedicures or something, those are always fun..except when they get to the part thats ticklish..yes my feet are SOO ticklish!  but i still enjoy pedicures and manicures.. manicures seem kinda pointless to me though, because like give it a few days and then the nails grow and it looks really strange.  what to get will?  im such a bad girlfriend- he's already gotten all the xmas gifts for me, and i cant even think of what to get him. its not totally my fault though- he's one of those guys who doesnt really want anything- or if he wants something it TOTALLY out of my price range!  so we'll see...  i want to go see a movie tonight. either oceans11 or vanilla sky.  i kinda want to see the 'not another teen movie' just because of the one line: "this is not a cheeracracy, i'm the cheertator."  hahahahaha. i dunno why, it cracks me up.  or maybe we'll see if we can get tix to like midnight showing of lord of the rings.  will's trying to get me to read the hobbit, but i just cant get that interested..im more of a harry potter fan!  but im going to try...  but now im bored.  i hate this time of the day- too late to go out and too early for will to come home. i just get to sit here bored. ahha.  maybe i'll do some online shopping. ahah. just kidding!  i dont shop anymore.  well i try very very hard not too..im down like 200 bucks in creditcard..which is good. not too bad.  but im not working either right now so i dunno where im going to get the money to pay that off! oh well we'll see.    i had a CRAZY dream yesterday. there were two parts. the first part was like i was at some stadium, but like under the stairs were lots of hallways and i was in one of the rooms, which was like a luxury bathroom and i was going to take a bubble bath in this huge tub, but someone was knocking on the door so i was like ugh and had to get out.  i dunno.  so then i was outside in the stadium doing something and i was trying to get back to my bathroom to take my bubble bath, but i couldnt find it! very strange.  ooh and then i saw my ee TA, and he was with his brother who was this big HUGE buff guy.  its weird cuz i've never seen his brother, just remember him telling me that his brother is a big buff guy, way buffer than him, which i thought was funny cuz my TA''s not exactly scrawny.  i guess he popped in my dream cuz me and will saw him walking past baja fresh on sunday..  so second part of the dream- this one is even stranger.  in it one of will's friends had emailed him saying that he hopes that he (will) has lots of fun gambling and drinking and going to the strip clubs in vegas! and i was like vegas?? i want to go! (strange that i didnt think it was strange in my dream that i was going already). but then will was like no, i want to go to vegas to have wild sex with strippers. or something like that.  so i was like pretty mad. i woke up pretty upset and will wasnt even in bed!  he was in the kitchen pouring cereal, and i was like !!!!  ahah, but im ok now, its just a dREAm yes i know.  ahaha.  still though...in my dream was one of the strippers and she looked so hoe-y, like had a headband on with polka dots that matched her polka dot shirt.  strange..  ok.  going to think of something to do now. i want to use my new purse! :) byeee! im going to go now, see if i can find something to clean.