we went shopping this morning!!  ok so the purpose of the excursion wasnt to exactly go shopping. we had some of those u know discount things u get in emails, so we thought we'd go check it out.  i was running low of face wash so first stop was the shisheido counter at macys..somehow the lady talked me into buying the gift set- the face wash, like the little soft scrubber (which we have one already and dont use), and like these 3 little thingees.  but luckily will bought it. :) yay for will.    my mac lipliner was also running low so off to the mac counter!  i got the liner i wanted, and then i thought i'd try out one of their powders.  i really hate foundation, i think it just looks so cakey.  anyway, so the lady there was trying out this powder on one side of my face- and wow, it looked really good! like maybe it was my imagination, but it really like covered the natural annoying red color i seem to turn for no reason.  so i was like cool, and then she was saying how like applying powder with a brush is better than with the sponge so i was like, okies, i'll take a brush too.  so she rings it up, and im like woah- how much was the brush?  $29!!  for a brush..but she says its real hair..so.......  anyway.  off we go.  ooh i got 2 scarfs and 2 pairs of gloves at benetton.  they were ridiculous cheap.  a black and baby blue one of each.  so cute!  ooh at the lucky store they have cute lucky underwear, so will got me a bundle- 30 bucks for 3!  thats kinda expensive..but they are cute!...  we shop around, nothing too big..then we head back to the car and head over to kate spade. there is a LINE around the corner of the store!  ...we park at $6 an hour parking..cuz its so close, and i swear i didnt think it would take that long.  we waited inline to get into the store for an hour! an HOUR!  but it was worth it.  i got this bag, normally what- like 500 bucks?  for 375!!  i tried to talk will into letting me get this ADORABLE striped luggage wheelie thingee- like for carryon?  but it was like 800+..so he said once i get a job and actually travel?..then maybe....i am very very happy.  oh will got these shoes at kenneth cole, they're nice- and like last minute- i was like- oh i like those tops (guy ones), so he impulsely got them and bought both!  that kind of worries me- cuz thats the way i shop..im rubbing off on him!  ok gotta help my mom with dinner- shes visiting this weekend..its really great when she visits it..it really is . :)  byee!