i am FROZEN. seriously frozen. but first a quick recap of my weekend.  friday..lets see..oh yes, i went to paphi formals to present..i really didnt want to go but i had to so i wouldnt get fined for not going to enough external events (for my sorority)..it was pretty boring.. the dance their new guys did was pretty..uh..lets just say for the most part people were like huh??...but anyway..  saturday i met up with some friends for lunch (sushi!)..for some reason it seemed like a really hectic day.. we were going to head out to the city to kind of shop and look for a housewarming gift for my friend jenn, but it was raining and plus we wanted to go boarding the next day so we needed to do laundry and plus i had to do some soldering for the calbot.  so we ended up going back home, playing puzzle fighter while we did a load of laundry downstairs.  but we were producutive cuz we got our xmas schedule all planned out.  it should be lots of fun. me and will were planning on flying down there 24-30th, but after lots of planning and looking on line for cheap tickets and stuff, we've decided to drive down instead.  we're going to be staying at shirley's place with her and christian for the beginning and end of the trip..and disneyland too!  i dunno, when im in LA for too long i go crazy..like im sure theres lots to do, but im just not used to the whole living at home with my parents thing for too long- it drives me nuts to have to like be home at a certain time and stuff u know?   well anyway, so we were rushing to formals saturday night at the holiday inn at walnut creek.  it was a pretty small place.  man seriously that may be the last formal i ever go to.  i dunno if im going to be active next semester, im actually pretty sure i wont. im so flip-floppy huh. haha. like the new girls are great, but i just really think its time to move on..  afterwards will went home cuz he wanted to get some rest in before tahoe..and i went with shirley/christian to jenn's place in the city, man yahoo maps suck!  it had some really strange directions!  but we finally found the place. it was fun, but i was SO tired, and i think we didnt get home till like 3..will planned on us leaving at 5 for tahoe, but for some reason the alarm didnt go off till 7..so we didnt leave till like 745..so we were behind schedule! but MAN it was raining hard, then getting higher, it was like a BLIZZARD! we actually spun once..which really freaked me out..but will was really calm about it.  we had planned to go to sugar bowl, but the conditions were SO bad we figured the closer the better, so we went to boreal.  it was SOOOO cold.  im still cold thinking about it.  i woudnt say it was BARRELS of fun, cuz it was just WAY too cold..visibitility was pretty bad tooo...so we stayed as long as we could without freezing then headed home.  we had thai house for dinner- havent been there forever!  then we went to daves place to work on the calbot.  i hate that robot man- im pretty clueless.  today's the competition, i dunno whats going to happen, i guess we'll just wait and see.  !! im pretty not happy.  im at work right? and usually i play games, which i shouldnt be, but i do- and for some reason my damn computer doesnt want to let me play games. it keeps giving me error messages! sucks huh..okies..im FREEZING..i came in wearing a sweater and it was so cold i had to go back to my car and get more layers..im FROZEN!  kk going to try to get the games to work a bit more!!