sometimes i wonder what the hell people are thinking.  like don't people know they should always think before they take drastic actions?  people like that are never going to succeed in this world.  you can't do something totally unacceptable, think about it later and think apologizing is going to make everything better.  its ridiculous.  but then i guess some people are just like that, very emotionally unstable.  i know i definitely wouldnt want someone like that working for me or even working with me.  drama sucks.  that's all i can say- it really sucks.  i get along with people fine, even great.  so if I don't get along with a person, there's a damn good reason why I don't.  Not everyone gets along with everyone else, I sure have people I can't stand.  And I think its better that they know that I don't like them straight out instead of us pulling a load of bullshit being fake to each other.  If i have a problem with someone and its a big enough problem that it actually bothers me, I have no problem telling it to that person's face.  sure that may sound really bitchy, but i only do that when seriously aggravated.  people need to have more courage.  what kind of bullshit is it to write a mass email telling off a girl directly.  do you HAVE any balls?  certain things really piss me off and if I didn't have to worry about other factors I have no doubt I would have been in that person's face telling them to go to hell.  but alas, I guess even I don't sink that low.  but its ok, cuz everyone that has talked to me has told me the same thing- it reflects so badly on the other person her actions that i really dont need to do anything at all- she made herself look really shady by trying to trash me. hahah, ironic huh. :)  drama is good too though.  it helps you realize who your real friends are. and i'm actually really happy with all the support I got, the phone calls and the emails and the instant messages.  it's good to know that you have lots of people who support you.  drama's also good cuz you know who your fake friends are, and shit, now that i know, no way am i going to waste my time on them.  can you tell im angry?  ahaha, yeah i am, but actually much less than i was yesterday.  seriously some people in the world are just ridiculous. grow up u know?  but its ok, my boyfriend tells me people like that aren't worth wasting your time on.  and seriously, i dont have that much time to start out with! hehe.  so whats done is done but its not forgotten.  i dont hold many grudges, but there are definitely a few that i do hold.  but hey, you can't do something horrible purposely and think that things will get 'resolved'.  pulease.  oh wells.  guess what! im going to go snowboarding tomorrow! yay!  i didnt get to go last weekend after 3 straight weekends in a row so i was starting to feel snowboarding-deprived.  but its all good cuz we're headed off to sugar bowl tomorrow with a group of friends from sanjo.  i dont think the snow will be that great, but its all good, cuz i dont fall anymore!! (ok, well only getting off the damn chairlift!)  wish me luck in getting even better!  alrightees, back to work! im here till 6! :(  but its ok, im off to get a pedicure right after- they are the best! :) byee!   im going snowboarding tomorrow! im so excited, we didn't go last weekend so i was feeling a little snowboarding-depraved.  but yay, we're going to sugar bowl with a group of will's friends from sanjo.  i dont think theres gonna be great snow though..but oh well!  i love it! :)