i am still not completely recovered yet!  but im definitely feeling better.  i guess the threat of will saying we arent going boarding tomorrow if im still sick is healing me quickly.  we had the MOST unproductive day today and im very happy for it!  cuz soon school will be starting and it'll cost me to be unproductive. but anyway- we woke up early early to watch pokemon (which wasnt on until like 9!) and then we decided that we wanted to have cereal for breakfast.  except we were out of milk.  so will went to the corner mart and then came back cuz he forgot his wallet. nerdo huh.  and he didnt even check if they had lowfat milk! he just said it didnt look like they had alot left. so after alot of discussion, i had to get dressed too and we went all the way to safeway to get milk.  but we picked up a bit more so its ok.  ahaha. we come home. eat cereal.  play some video games.  then SLEEP!  we just woke up a bit ago.  will went to play golf.  Me on the other hand, i've determined to be semi productive now.    so lets see, i've vacuumed.  i even did a bit outside our doorway cuz its so icky out there, at least its clean in front of our door.  next task? shampoo/conditioner bottles!  i must have like at least 15 different bottles in my tub.  one is wills.  and the rest are all mine!  some are like 3/4 empty, and others are like 1/8 empty and some are like 8/9th full.  stuff like that.  its time to consolidate!  i think it'll really open the bathtub space. haha.  yesterday was me and will's 3 year 4 months anniversary.  we dont really celebrate or anything, but whenever the 18th comes along we always make a comment about it. :)  in the long run, i guess 3 years isnt that long?  but we're still amazingly happy..like in every aspect.. :)  .  you hear of relationships which like after a while its more about loving someone instead of being in love u know?  thats a pretty scary thought.  like we can be out somewhere and i can just look over him and catch his eye and it'll make me happy and warm inside.  but we're not big on pdas.  actually, they do annoy the shit out of me.  like, get a room!!  my sister and her boyfriend used to be like that, in the beginning of their relationships but they've gotten MUCH better!!  i guess its a circumstantial thing.  i dunno.  ok im preparing to take on 18 units this semester.  im really trying to quit work but i just have like some hundreds of dollars to pay left on my bill, so i think it might just be like 2-3 weeks of closing perhaps?  then i'm going to concentrate on school.  i've decided not to let my sorority take up any more of my time!  at least not now.  maybe next semester.  but this semester im definitely going associate.  i guess im still pretty pissed cuz i ended up paying $200 in fines last semester, which really annoyed me because shit thats TWO HUNDRED bucks!  which really could help now with my bills.  so i've decided im not paying a cent this semester. not one single cent.  i think associates are supposed to pay some money maybe? i dont remember.  but kareen said that they never asked her for it last semester so they better not ask me this semester!  plus since im closing this entire coming week, i cant make any rush events.....yay! ahah. nah jk.  im just pretty tired of rush events.  but im going to concentrate this semester!  yes! yes! maybe i should mop the kitchen floor..