yay i have a short work day today! only 8 hours! ehe..at least it sure feels short compared to the 14 hours i was here yesterday!  i had the strangest dream yesterday.  really really really strange.  i dont even know if i should put it in here..haha..it started out like i was on a movie set and this guy that i used to go out with with was like filming a movie?  something strange like that..and then me and kareen were at vons and i was trying to decide if i should get frozen yogurt or ice cream..then it ended with me and my dad getting into a really big fight.  of course i've left *some* stuff out..but you can guess what part thats from.. haha! :)  im walking home from work today! amazing huh!!  wow!!  anyone who knows me knows that i am SO not a walking person..which is BAD!  alot of exercise is lost by not walking!  so i think im going to start walking now..i have to ease into it of course..haha..but walking home from work is a good start.  its just that all my classes are like other freakin side of campus uphill, it gets to be such a pain- i remember when i discovered the perimeter bus (it goes around campus) summer after my freshmen year..wow i was so happy!!  so yesterday i was working and this guy called in and i was helping him with his account.  and he was hosting this domain about like the sf music scene so i was asking him about what kind of music they were into.  and then we just started talking talking, which was cool because like i was soo bored and he seemed interesting to talk to.  but it was funny because we were just chatting and all of a sudden he was like, so where's your boyfriend live? or something like that- and i just thought it was so funny for him to like slip it in like that..i was looking at this application for this job and one of the questions were 'do you have fingerprints on file' or something like that, and i thought the same thing- what a nice way to ask a question without straight out asking it! :)  but anyway, im supposed to call him back today after 10 to ask him about like getting a job.  he's the HR manager I think for this tutoring program thats based up here and he was saying that they were looking for like math/physical science tutors.  It's been a while since i've tutored though, and like he was telling me that the high school students these days have SOO many more tests to take!  man he must think im pretty stupid though haha, we were talking and he was telling me his father was from spain, and i was like- italian??  haha.  i guess i wasnt really paying attention!  doh.  but we'll see what happens.  i wonder if i should call him back.  will thinks that he was just saying he could help get me a job if he thought i didnt have a boyfriend, but now that he does he wont be so helpful.  im hoping he's not that type of guy and he actually can back up what he says.  we'll find out! :)    ok i better look around their website to see what his company is about..be back!