okies..good morning! at work again.  so yesterday we went boarding at sierra!  like i woke up really pessimistic, because it was like drizzly/rainy outside..and i was thinking gosh it was really going to suck to board in rain- even though i've never boarded in the rain before.  so we pick up 2 of our buds and head up north!  and we're all sleeping while will's driving..haha..but when i wake up, yay theres snow!  but we're at a really high elevation already, and its still raining!!  so im pretty not happy aha, and im thinking i'd rather have us head out to south lake tahoe and do some gambling! :)  but anyway, we get over there and im still grumbling to myself- its raining u know?!  and im not getting wet or anything cuz im like all waterproof- but still! so anyway we hit the slopes and you know what?  it wasnt bad at all! like sure its wet- but like not that its bad because you're wet from snow anyway, and you're all waterproof so you dont feel it anyway!  the only problem i had were my goggles getting all rain splattered, but the snow was great!  and like around 11ish-12ish, it stopped raining and the sun came out and it was GREAT!  like the snow was great! not too powdery or deep, it was really nice!  and im happy cuz i definitely improved my S's..getting them tighter and tighter, plus i didnt fall off the chairlift once- not even a wobble. it was a good day yes yes yes.    so anyway- back at work today.  working a doubl shift 8-10.  im kind of annoyed at my manager.  like i only work during the day- thats my availability.  and like i told her last week, that like if needed, i'd help close once or twice a week- like work a double shift- but ONLY  in addition to the day shift as well.  and like the schedule comes out this week and she has me working night shifts and not day shifts! so of course im annoyed because i only made myself available for night shifts in order to get extra hours- not to replace my day shift hours.  so i emailed her that and she was like, well the day shifts are pretty well covered..so i emailed her back that starting next week i wouldnt be available for closing shifts anymore.  like pretty much she has to find someone or do what she was doing before- close herself.  which sucks for her i know but like im not about to become the closing shift person- and come home when wills getting ready for bed and stuff..so oh well..we'll see what develops!  oh yes i cut my hair!  it definitely took guts.  im still adjusting..but like i cut off a good deal- a noticeable difference..i think it def. makes me look/feel older.  like i still like long hair, but like too long isnt that good right?  i think at a certain point a person cant have long hair, like age-wise u know?  like i guess cutting hair shorter and shorter is like a maturing thing?  i know it looks silly when moms and stuff have long hair- it just doesnt match..  ok going to plan out my 14 hour day today..see what i want to get accomplished! be back for sure! :)