man i sOO need to study.  hmm lets see..what went on this weekend..  friday..we had presents!  it was nice..especially since i missed last semester's because i had planned a bday dinner with his friends that night.  but yeah, it was actually pretty fun, seeing everyone and our pledges.  i didnt feel THAT old, so thats nice.  cuz i dont think i want to be like a way way graduated person coming back to presents..like i totally believe in the whole move on deal, so i figure i should just enjoy it while i can.  afterwards we went to see black hawk down.  i dont know how i feel about that movie.  did i like it?  well i didnt not like it.  i dunno..this movie..too much killing...made me feel strangely patriotic...plus josh hartnett is pretty darn cute.    OMG!  i just remembered the dream i had last night! funny how thinking about josh hartnett brought it back.  in my dream- i met matt damon!  like i happened to have my digital camera with me or something, so i had someone take lots of pictures of me with him.  aha. something strange like that.  matt damon- i dunno what it is- like i think i mentioned it here before- but like i seriously had like no interest in him at all- i didnt even think he was cute.  but then that one night we went to see bill and silent bob strike back or something, and i fell asleep during the movie- and when i woke up he was on the screen- and all of a sudden he just looked really cute.  it must have been something about being sleepy- made him seem dreamy or something.  but im trying to get out of this phase.  hmm..even more disturbing..the second part of my dream- it was like a long line to see my 5th grade teacher- she was dying! something strange like that, and when i got up to her, i didnt think she would remember me, but i was like, hi- its me kathy, remember kathy and kareen? mo twins? or something like that- and she remembered me!  ..strange...  anyway- today is a long day of studying.  i think i might go look for some pictures of josh hartnett.  :)