ok so here i am studying away.  i'm actually thinking that no one i know actually reads this ahaha, cuz im not big in telling people to check out my website.  i wonder if there's some sort of password protection thingee that i can put on here so its more like a personal journal?  ahaha but then again its nice thinking maybe someone i don't know is reading this and they're getting some insight on me.. :)  so i have a midterm tomorrow, and i dont think its going to be hard. yet im stressing!  plus i can't find the damn paper that i wrote all the experiment data on for my physics class and the lab is due tomorrow!  ack i'm probably never going to find it either!  plus i have a math quiz tomorrow, damn am i stressed or what..i just want to go play the new playstation game that will got today- its called aqua aqua.  its addicting! :)  oh my gosh! guess what! some middle-aged lady hit my car on thursday!  i was soo upset!  she ran a stop sign and hit the front right side of my car- no more light or anything there, and like when i turn the wheel it hits something hard so I can't turn it the entire way.  but not horrible horrible damage.  sucks cuz my insurance is going to go up and it wasn't even my fault!  good thing i had a full car of people, they all saw the lady make the error.  she's like a 49 year old lady (birthday in march, hehe, i had to copy down her information on her driver's license) and she's white.  now the cop that came to take the police report was white too.  and seriously, this didn't really worry me at all!  but then when we explained our stories and the cop said that he couldnt assign a primary fault holder with the information, that's when i started to get worried.  but i shouldnt be right?  cops are fair, and even though my friends are telling me that it's racially against us cuz we're just a bunch young asian kids and she's a middle aged white lady, i still have confidence that the right ruling will come out.  when i called my dad and told him what happened, how it wasn't my fault, he was like, yeah it may not be your fault, but the world doesn't always work that way.  aiya!  my first car accident!  and it wasn't even my fault! heehe, when i was a senior in high school, i did a california roll on a stop sign and made a left turn.  right when i turned i saw a cop parked there. i was like oh SHIT!  and i continued driving, keeping my eye on my rearview mirror..farther down the street..farther down the street..i was SAFE!...not!..the lights come on the cop as he makes a U turn and catches me. :(  i was very very sad.  but thank goodness, i was a naive young girl with a REALLY shitty car. heehee, i was like, sniff sniff, are u going to give me a ticket? and he was like, yes i am.  and then im like, oh no..my insurance..sniff sniff sniff..bla bla bla..and soon enough, the cop is like, it's ok, don't worry I won't give you a ticket this time..I'm just trying to catch those big mean BOYS who drive fast and recklessly... yay! :)  so i have a pretty spotless driving record..except for that one time that i was waving to some guy and i hit the car in front of me.  pretty damn clueless of me huh. but thank goodness it was a friend of a family friend so we settled it without the insurance.  ok maybe back to studying?  i dunno, i'm having dinner with my pledgesisters tonight at 7, so i've got like an hour now to study before i gotta get dressed and stuff. we pledged like fall98, long long time ago, and now we're all so busy its hard to get us all together.  like even tonight only 8 out of the 9 of us (hopefully) can make it.  ahh..as we grow older eh..  allrighties..back to studying! wish me luck on not having a nervous breakdown!