happy valentines day!!!!!!  man its like 330 and i still have a long day ahead of me!  but its ok, at least i have something to look forward to!  this is will and my's 4th valentines together! :)  not to say its not super special, hehe, but i think valentines day just isnt as exciting anymore hehe.  especially this year- cuz thursdays i have lab 4-7 then 8-10.  but i prepared!  i did my lab ahead of time so today at 4 (well im at lab already right now waiting for the TA), i can just get myself checked off then head home!  we have dinner reservations at skates at 5pm.  yeah i know its really early- but i have another lab that i have to go to at 8pm, so 3 hours should hopefully be enough time so that we dont have to rush anything.  but yeah..so this is my valentines day!  oh guess what! i dropped my ce70 course.  i realized that i didnt need it! like my first semester here i took cs3- and i thought it was just an intro class to like the other cs courses, but turns out it actually counts towards my engineering total units!  so yay.  and i also changed my history100 to pass/not pass.   i've never taken a class pass/not pass before- so its kind of exciting.  like i dont have to worry about a grade or anything!  i just have to pass!! niceee...im planning on taking another course this summer pass/not pass- its like classics or something..i dunno why took all my classes for letter grades!  of course my engineering ones i have to, but the other humanites that i've taken..ahh if only i'd known..but its ok cuz i actually usually do better in humanities than my tech courses hehe.. but this semester i dont want to have to put in that much time towards humanities.  man i want to be done with school! but then again i dont.  i think im just going to enjoy the year i have left..like technically i could graduate with just one extra semester, but thats if i crammed this semester and my last one- and it would be really really really tough- cuz all these upper division cs and engineering courses have lots of labs and stuff.. so im going to take my time..take 3 courses this fall and then 2 in the spring..and actually enjoy school.  that would be nice. :)  ooh i have a new engineering advisor.  (i've been switched twice now!  first time was because another advisor got hired and my last name just happened to be in the section that she took on, and now again because that advisor left her job!!).  her name is eugenia.  i dunno how nice she is yet though.  like i emailed her and i never got an email back, but she said she emailed me back the same day.  but i never got it.  i thought it was interesting because she didnt think that maybe something happened and it didnt get through or something like that- she was just like- i emailed you back the same day..like i lost the email or something?.. i dunno.. hopefully i wont have to see much of her though- because usually when i have to see an advisor- its not good! :)  so lets see what i have left. history- its southeast asian history.  math- discrete math.  cs- java. and ee- circuits and signals or something.  i can handle it!  i feel a bit relieved though now that i only have 16 units. whew.    man i think i've been sitting in front of computers too long.  the last few days i've been like doing my cs homework forever and my neck is always SO stiff aftewards!  eck!  ooh will's getting his computer beginning of next week- its should be fun.  i like it when things out of the ordinary occur. :)    ok..going to see about lab..happy valentines day!!!!