whoohoo! so the foosball table is set up!  we went to costco and 99 ranch today..and GUESS what!! i payed for it!  crazy huh..it was like a total of like $350 or something?  pretty much just a bit less than my last paycheck..but its all good..it feels good to actually pay for something..as opposed to will always paying for something.. but it was funny..so here i am like feeling good about actually not having will pay for everything..and then my mind starts to wander around to WOW i could have done some good shopping with $400...but then i have to remind myself that I should not be shopping, and that when I can i should help out with like money and stuff cuz its not fair for him to pay for ev-er-y-th-ing!!  but still...shhoopppiiinnngg.....  hehe. anyway.  so now im supposed to be studying. and gosh darn it.  i just dont feel like it! i really do have a lot to read though.. maybe after a cig i'll feel better..more gungho..either that or i'll just veg out on the couch and watch tv.  why do they call it vegging out anyway?  ahh- because you're like a potato sitting there doing nothing?  cuz i know i dont eat vegetables while i watch tv..on the contrary!    ok ok ok .  i will attempt to study.  oh WAIT!  guess what!  so...maybe..(maybe)..((maybe))...we're going to go to hawaii beginning of summer..before i start summer school.  NOW..i am going to refuse to let myself get too excited about it (!!!!!!) because its really not decided on yet.  we were just talking, and i was pointing out that..this summer (well the beginning of it anyway) is the only really good time for us to go on a trip somewhere..there wont be anymore time for a long time!  cuz think about it..once summer school starts..it goes straight through summer..just a weekend between summer school and regular school...then fall semester starts...thanksgiving/xmas comes but by that time i'll be recruiting and holidays we need to see family anyway...and then spring semester comes and it'll be my last semester so im SURE i'll be doing some heavy recruiting or at least hopefully have some kind of internship..and then after that i hope to start working....and im planning on going to taiwan after that...so there really isnt any time!  beginning of june is PRIME time!  but i dunno..its a $$ matter.  especially cuz will just bought a new computer. and im out of a job.  but im still getting severence- and after that i'm getting unemployment.  so that money's def. got to go somewhere- and im NOT going to shop! is it march yet?...  ok so thats a little thing thats keeping me motivated.  like me and will havent really traveled u know? we've done the vegas thing twice and like tahoe and reno and stuff- but that doesnt really really count.  like kareen and andy have been to puerto vallerta! and disneyworld!  but i dont complain to will about it.  i made the mistake once of doing so- and he got upset- he was like- well if he got to live rent free for almost entire year- he could afford to take me on a WHOLE bunch of nice vacations..see- andy lived with kareen for i think like 2 semesters and didnt pay any rent..or utilities..or anything.  like i was kind of annoyed about it, but whatever its in the past now.  but yeah- so if will wasnt paying like $1000+ a month just to rent and utilities..thats $1000+ extra he would have to take me out on nice vacations. hehe.  so i dont complain.  we have our whole lives to travel together right?  will was watching this special on tv about this golf cruise- where like they take you to the worlds best golf courses- like in montecarlo and stuff...very incredibly expensive.  i wonder if we'll ever be rich like that...like will has a friend who's goal is to actually make $250,000 a year by the time he's 30 or something.  thats alot of money.  i wonder if its possible.  it just seems strange to think of making that much money.  thats ALOT of shopping!  yes...everything in my life always seems to come down to shopping..i cant help it!  ahhh..shhooppiiinnng...  ok ok.  if i want to do lots of shopping i need to make lots of money..and to make lots of money i need to get a good job..and to get a good job i need to GRADUATE first! so im off to do homework.  BYE!