wow so like i never watch football, but today's game was pretty cool!  like at first i was only watching with them to see commercials, but i tore myself away (..not too hard..) to do homework..i feel like i have so much to do!  but the end of the last quarter really was pretty amazing!  rams caught up to tie from a 3-17 deficit!  i dunno a thing about football- but i sure was rooting for the rams to win- i always seem to feel sorry for the underdog...like in the cartoon aladdin?  i felt so sorry for jafar when he was losing. :( .  some people just deserve to win sometimes..haha..no matter how bad they are!  im sure they feel righteous in what they're doing!  anyway.  im glad its not 8 yet though..gives me ample time to do more reading.  im so determined to get good grades this semester- which might be hard considering im taking 18 units...but im going to give it my best shot!  so i planned out my remaining school courses!  pretty much im planning on taking 2 courses this summer..and then for my last year i have 5 tech courses left and a silly humanity course.  if i do 3 in fall, i can just have 2 techs in the spring, plus a silly humanity course.  i wonder if they'll let me take 3 courses in the fall.. i think u have to get permission or something..i dunno...so strange..like this semester just started right? only 2 weeks into it- but i feel like its going to be over soon! we're done in may! thats only like 3 months away!  time sure is going by fast.  but i have a good feeling about this semester.  only my ee class is giving me problems..like its not coming too naturally- i'll read and then read again, and still not feel like i really grasped the idea.  im definitely liking cs more right now..its actually steering me more towards a software emphasis instead of hardware...like before i thought that maybe hardware is where the money is? but with the economy the way that it is...who knows where the money is!  so better to actually learn about stuff i actually have some interest as opposed to struggling through stuff i have a really hard time grasping..we'll see though..i actually dont really have to decide my emphasis until fall semester (those 5 tech courses just need to be upper division engineering courses...).  ok back to studying!  will and christian went to play golf..im actually glad they did, so now i can study! :)  i hope they bring me boba on their way home...mm..canteloupe freeze!