i hurt my thumb nail today.  very strange.  like i was getting into my car to go to lab tonight right? and then i was putting my purse down on the passenger side, and somehow i scraped my thumb against the ceiling? and i guess it was with such force that it actually broke a bit on the side...why do i always damage myself! sheesh!  ooh i got sims hot date!!  i feel kind of guilty playing it though.  i actually had bought it brand new for a friend of mine, but he's too busy to play it so he lent it back to me..dont worry im not going to keep it!!  so pretty much i've been playing it mucho much tonight..of course taking a break to watch the friends episode i taped tonight..  man im pretty pooped.  its strange- like for me- i'm highly influenced to what i dream.  so i always try to go to sleep with good thoughts, like never anything bad.  me and will NEVER go to sleep upset with each other.  like if theres anything negative on my mind- i cant get a good nights rest.  and negative has a very wide range!  when i saw sixth sense, i thought i was fine right?  it was scary, but i was cool, all good..and then like a week later, out of nowhere, i have this horrible dream!  in it like im sleeping and i hear someone calling my voice! and remember the part in the movie where there were those people hung by ropes in the schoolhouse that the little boy sees?  thats what i saw outside my window!  and one of them was like yelling at me to help them..it was scary..i just kept trying to bury myself under will..so anyway- things like that..i cant get a good nice rest if anything negative comes to mind.  like last night me and will were talking about saving money and stuff..and i guess that left bad connotations to me (...less spoiling of me...) and i had SUCH a restless night!  yes i know pretty silly- but still!  its funny like anything that happens to me during the day has a good chance of being in my dream that same night..i should start keeping a journal of my dreams..ehe..sometimes if they're really crazy i put them in here..  but yeah- like i dream incessantly.  someone told me its from cigarettes?  i dunno..i've been dreaming for a long time now, longer than i've been smoking.  like if im tired and i like doze off for like 3 minutes, i'll have a dream starting already.  and whats cooler- like sometimes when im half asleep, i can actually be in my dream and not be completely asleep and tell will about it..strange huh!  its nice to dream though..some pretty bizarre things go on in my dreams..maybe its just my way of escaping the stress of life!  once again i've convinced myself that its good that i'm taking an extra year to graduate.  im an eecs major damnit!  ahah but what gets to me is that wow- if i can actually graduate in 5 years with ALL the goofing off i did, imagine how much faster i could have finished without the goofing off..if..if..oh well..too many iffs.  i gotta get new contacts!   like all of a sudden back to school im realizing that my contacts arent that clear anymore!  im having trouble reading the board- like even when im right near the front!  i usually go to the berkeley school of optometry, but i've FINALLY decided to veto them..something about having optometrists-in-training look at my eyes make me feel a little uneasy.  im going to call this new person tomorrow- her name is patricia nguyen hom..vietnamese i guess?  i dont know if shes good though..shes part of the berkeley optometry group or something..but shes really close! so thats def. a bonus..we'll see though..  ok i think i'll hit the sack.. as much as i want to play more sims, im pretty dang pooped and i ahve 8am tomorrow! 99!