man i woke up in a bad mood today.  grrrr.  i just opened my cellphone bill and its like $175! ack!  last thing i need right now are more bills.  so last night we went to drink club ..we were just pretty unorganized.  my fault i guess.  my bestbud from LA was up for the weekend and she was going with some friends so we planned to meet up.  like originally i was just planning on going with her and her friends but somehow i convinced will to go- and with will came 2 of our guy friends too.  so of course since theres 3 guys- they cant get in quick and for free cuz they're guys.  so pretty much we end up standing in line like FOREVEr, seriously the line was lame for such a small place.  but my friend managed to find us in line and she was so sweet she stayed with us for a while, while her other friends went in.  (they were already inside!)  very very sweet of her. i think like after an hour of waiting and the line not moving at all- we kind of gave up- and i convinced her to get back in cuz she was freezing and we took off.  so as uneventful as the night was- i accomplished my main goal- which was to hang out with my friend- and will didnt have to shell out $$ for the cover and drinks for me. :)  spring break is coming to and end.  i really feel the need to get out of berkeley man!  maybe tomorrow just drive somewhere far- i need a break from my studying.  its driving me nuts. NUTS!  mm..not just berkeley i guess- everything is driving me NUTS.  i feel so frustrated sometimes!  plus we dont have a goddamn phone that works!  i swear- will spend like $200+ on some ooohhh high tech phone and it doesnt even work anymore! how freakin ghetto is that.  we're resorting to using this pikachu clock a friend got for me last xmas- and its not even working anymore.  so annoying!!    oh theres a new sims out- sims vacation.  :)  sounds like fun.  i want it.  i dunno if i even have time to play it though! haha.  oh well. im going to try to cool off.  not good to be so stressed out so early in the morning.  its friday!