im going to do lots and lots and lots of studying today!! :)  ooh im so excited.  one of will's friend's has a steam buggy he's going to let me borrow!  like one of our other friend's got one for christmas, and i think he seems to like it alot i don't want to ask to borrow you know?  but this other guy- he says it sucks and it doesnt work so he doesnt use it anyway, so im going to give it a try.  he also has the thunderstick!!  its that product in the infocommercials- where you can like blend things just holding this one stick.  its nice. :)  so our boarding got postponed again..im not sure when we're going.  maybe this weekend? cuz LA got cancelled..who knows..   did i ever tell u that my fav fav fav fav brand is kate spade?  i think even when im old im going to love kate spade.  like even though i'll have more money then (hopefully!) i dont think i'll ever like get into gucci or whatever u know?  like well maybe- i only like the gucci stuff that's really like lowkey.  their products with like their logo all over it- man it is SOO tacky!!  i dunno why- like anytime i see it i just think that that person must be really like ghetto or like low class or like lame.  choose one out of 3.  i think thats why i like kate spade so much- like her logo is tiny.  its very very subtle.  so funny- like when i see people with gucci stuff or like lv stuff or like kate spade stuff..i always take a moment to wonder if its real or not.  so funny huh!  like im sure they make lots of imitations out there that look pretty real.  but like for me- i would never ever ever put myself in a position where there's even a slight possibility that i'm buying a fake product.  i feel like it would compromise everything! haha.  like doesnt matter how cheap a kate spade bag is on ebay or whatever- i gotta buy mine straight from like the kate spade store or nordstroms or something!  pretty silly huh.  like im into name brands and stuff- but just realy not into those that are like LOUD u know?    omg i had such a crazy dream last night.  oh btw we saw blade II last night..which leads me to the first part of my dream.  it was CRAZY.  there were vampires!  i was in my home in LA with kareen and other random people? ..and we were in the downstairs kitchen and like there was a guy there who was acting really weird.  and there was like a girl on the window screen trying to get in.  (yes very strange..).  so i tell kareen to run upstairs to our parents' room to get the shotgun- which for some reason we had taken out earlier or something.  she goes up there and cant find it!  so im like we're coming- so the bunch of us run upstairs to try to find the gun- but we cant find it!  and then like all these vampires come!  strangely enough- it wasnt like panic..like these vampires were like normal looking people with fangs..(like the movie!)..and i was going to get bit but i wasnt scared...  then the radio woke me up temporarily and then i fell back to sleep.  ooh this dream made me so mad at will!!  we're at like a bookstore or something- and im looking to buy these 2 vc andrew books- and im surprised cuz will's like ok.  he's there to meet like an old friend to interview her or something.  and like she comes and hes asking her questions and like all of her answers she's alluding to like their past or something...which i dont even worry about because will and i are so secure in our relationship.  will tells me that she was in an orchestra in claremont ( i was too when i was younger)- but its a different one.  and then they finish their interview while im trying to find a people magazine thats not wrinkled.  then the next morning- we're in bed- just as we are in real life- and he's telling me that he wants us to break up!  and im like WHAT?  and he's like- ooh talking to that girl yesterday really made him think about like the whole world of women out there- or something like that. so im VERY VERY pissed.   so pissed that like i wake up- and will wakes up but he's like really late to work- so i dont get a chance to take out my anger. haha.  yes- its ONLY A DREAM!  still though!  ok gotta plan out my day today! byee!