so i feel like im having another panic/anxiety attack!  it happens to me every once in a while..like i start to wonder if i can really hack being an eecs major, and even if i could- is it what i really want anyway?  but its way too late to do anything about it- so all i can do is bear it.  seriously though, like i know i can do this stuff, but i just dont really feel like i have the drive u know?  like im not interested enough or something to give it all that i've got.  ack i dunno.  maybe todays just a bummy day, and hopefully i'll feel better tomorrow.  spring break is coming up.  i really need to get away from all this school stress.  but at the same time i really need to use that time to catch up and feel more comfortable with my classes u know?  i dunno whats going to go on- we're contemplating what we're going to do.  it depends if will can get the week off.  before he could cuz they had a project launching this week- but it got pushed back to next week.  plus like his boss is going to be out also- so he might need to be around if any problems occur.  i dunno, im just hoping they'll push it back another week.    we're thinking of maybe going to tahoe for the week.  i want to see a shooting star.  last time (and first time?) i saw one was like at a sopi tahoe retreat in 99- and the wish i made came true.  so haha, maybe...we'll see how my luck goes.    so i've been thinking- me and will really are like a perfect couple! ahah not to sound lame or anything.  but like things are so great- and like the only problems we ever really have are when im being bratty- which is totally my bad!  and most of the time he just puts up with my brattiness- which is really nice. :)  but yeah i should definitely try to be less bratty.  i never really realize how bratty i am until im being bratty in front of other people (like our friends) and they're like..wow..which then makes me wonder ...so yes im going to definitely try to be less bratty. :)  wills been trying to get warcraft 3- im actually pretty excited about that game coming up.. he was trying to get the beta version from like those online places?  but i guess they have it pretty strict- cuz hes having a really hard time finding a key that works!  oh well i guess we'll have to wait until july.    what else is going on in my life.  mm..not much- just alot of stress right now.  i dont understand why i stress- like stress is so unhelpful! it doesnt get shit done!  i need to channel all the anxiety i feel into being productive.  ugh.  its so much more easier to just lie in bed and watch soaps.  ahh- the life.  one of will's friends i met recently makes good money- like maybe 80-90k or something? he's 27.  is that alot of money for that age?  like i think that sounds like a good deal of money?  but one of my friends today was saying that that was no big deal- that like by 27 she was expecting to make at least 6 figures.  wow.  people really have high goals- are they unrealistic?  i guess if you're really smart and hardworking nothing is unrealistic.  but i guess im trying to figure out what my goals are.  like what the heck do i want to do after i graduate?  yeah- i know- i still have a whole year to think about it- but i really have no clue. what about the eecs industry really interests me? .....im drawing blanks!  nothing!  eck my major sucks.  i dunno- ok it doesnt.  i guess its a good major.  after all, i dont even know what interests me so i guess its a good random major to have.  at least i should be making pretty good money i hope?  my interests?  not to be shallow- but i love to shop!  i wonder if my obsession with shopping is normal or if it borders on some sort of psychological disorder haha.  spending money is exhilirating.  i can't explain it.  who knows!  what else do i enjoy?  mm..spending time with will-- seriously like before i used to be hardcore into wanting to go out and do stuff- but lately i just want to cuddle up and watch tv- im too tired to get all dressed up and stuff!  but yeah- i really would have no problem being one of those stay at home wives taking care of kids and going shopping all day.  but then again- i think i would probably go insane.  and also plus then will would be the one making the money and i'd have to check with him when i went shopping and im sure he wouldnt appreciate me doing crazy shopping.  nah- better if i make my own money to do my splurge shopping with...  oh well- enough dillydallying.  back to attempting to study.  positive thoughts! :) 99!