so today started out to be actually a pretty fun day.  we woke up hella hella early cuz will had a tee time at 6am at half moon bay!  but people were lagging so we ended up getting there kind of late, but they were nice enough to let them play anyway.  i didnt know if i wanted to go cuz like i figured i'd be really bored, but then i figured if i didnt go, i'd be totally unproductive and probably still in bed when will got back.  so i went.  and i brought homework to do and everything! but it was soo cold that i felt like i was using all my energy just trying to stay warm! so i went back to the car, and there were pillows and a blanket there so i lied down and slept! it was nice. :) when i woke up later it was such a beautiful day!!  we headed back and kareen/andy came over and we watched the lakers game.  it was an UNBELIEVABLE game!!  10 seconds left, lakers down by 4, seriously we all thought it was over.  except andy- he was like, 10 seconds is an eternity! its not over yet!  it was really really amazing watching lakers beat the blazers.  we were like jumping up and down cheering!  after that we headed down to newark to have dinner at this sushi place with some of will's friends.  the place was not that good.  i must have drinken like 20 cups of tea cuz i seriously went to the bathroom like 4 times! no kidding.  after the second time i had resolved to not drink anymore tea, but i couldnt help it!  it was a fun dinner.  there were 2 other couples there, and then these two other guys.  will's known them all since like early college.  one of these guys though, REALLY got on my nerves today.  he's like one of those cynical types, so fuckin sarcastic.  and like i guess i've gotten used to his attitude.  like he actually told me once that me and will werent going to last.  that made me pretty mad.  but he made like a rude comment (not to me though) and i was thinking like gosh what an asshole.  i dunno- its funny.  like sometimes people dont really make an impression on me, but it can be like one small thing they do that like totally make me change the way im thinking about them.  afterwards, we headed to the home of one of their other friends.  it was an interesting visit.  like so here we are, 4 couples.  one couple are newlyweds with a 5 month old baby!  and the other two are both talking about their wedding, getting last minute details done because they're both getting married this summer.  then there's me and will.  FAR away from marriage!  well not that far but you know, like im still in school for goodness sake!  it really got me antsy, i dunno why.  im kind of tired of mapping out our future.  i think im def going to just go with the flow.  first things first.  finish school.  then get a good job.  will's going to go back to school.  then we'll see what happens.  give it a few years, make some $$ and save up and stuff u know?  i guess thats just what happens when ur young!  ahaha all of will's friends are going to have kids and stuff by the time we even consider getting married.  our kids arent even going to be able to really hang out with his friends' kids because they're going to be walking and talking and our kids are going barely going to be able to move. haha.  its kind of funny actually.  but we'll see.