another week..  hm what did we do this past weekend. oh yes! we saw scorpion king!  it was definitely entertaining.  something bout the rock..everytime i see him- no matter if its on tv or like a poster i have to succumb to my urges to catcall.  i dunno- i think its definitely something about his charismatic presence u know?  and the movie definitely had funny parts in it..like the part with the ants..HAHA.  i think my favorite part though, was like in the end when he's fighting with the bad guy and the bad guy like cuts his shirt! i was like oh no! be careful! and then the bad guy cut it again! and i was like oh NO!  be more careful! but then the rock just looked at his shirt, and pulled the whole shirt off..and i was like..ah..yes...that was nice....hehe.  i dunno what it is..  sunday me and kareen went to the driving range with andy and will.  i used to think that i really really hated golf, but it actually wasnt that bad this time..i really suck though, but hey thats to be expected..but im getting better really i am.  the funniest part was like, well, im in the stall next to will's and im getting frustrated cuz the damn ball is so hard to hit! and will can tell im getting frustrated ( it might have been something to do with the profanities i was muttering..) but he turned around to watch me to give me support right? ahah, so i attempt a swing, and will is like, wow- that was a nice hit- as he watches a ball go soaring pretty far..and im like- uh..the ball's still here...i had missed the ball...well it was funny at the time!  i cant believe school is going to be out in like a month!  so crazy. i got to start cracking for finals.  i hope i can get into all the classes i need for next semester.  did u know for engineers that full time student status is 12 units as opposed to like 15 or 16 or something for regular majors?  interesting huh.  next semester im taking 3 upper division courses..im not sure if i want to take anything else.  its eecs150, ee126 and ee122.  i have my schedule planned (hopefully it will stay that way) so that i dont start class until like 2 and friday's i have no class. lovely huh.  i'd rather have classes in the morning though, but these courses like mostly are in the afternoon.  but thats nice, at least i get to sleep in! but it also means no more rides to class from will..but oh well!  vegas is approaching!  well not really, but i like to think it is.  so silly- will is going to vegas like beginning of july for a bachelor's party. i want to go!  we're planning on going with kareen and andy like middle of july- which is funny cuz will would have just have went.  i hope he doesnt blow too much money at the bachelor party weekend thingee...cuz we got to save it to blow when we go!  oh another of our friends tina and her bf jeff are going to go too i think!  its going to be lots and lots of fun!  i want to go clubbing maybe one night, but mostly i just want to play blackjack.  i love it!  and kareen is addicted too now.  im looking forward to this trip for 2 reasons:  1) something to just look forward too! my light at the end of the tunnel!  and 2) going with like people we're really comfortable with- it makes it really fun u know? like u dont have to be like really worried about like oh are they having fun or yadda yadda yadda u know?  it's going to be fun!  first time i went since i got into college was 4th of july 2 years ago.  it was really spontaneous.  i dont even know how/why we decided to go..but me and will went just the 2 of us.. we saw mystere and stayed in treasure island and went swimming and stuff.  it was really fun- but i was 19 so i was paranoid about being carded, but i never did get carded even though will did! ahah.  and the last time i went was for my 21st bday last september, we went with this other couple michael/stephanie and it was fun too! but i didnt get to do as much gambling as i liked..even though we gambled ALOT!  that time we stayed at treasure island for 2 nights and venetian for a night- it was a 4 day trip..really nice and not rushed.  but ok.  i have an appt. at tang center today. blah.  i hate annuals!  but first i just gotta get through my ee lecture.  i want to start my cs homework as soon as i get home from tang today, cuz i want to go to henrys tonight with kareen/tina.  hopefully it wont be too crazily hard.  my ee ta is sooo slow at posting grades up..i have yet to find out how i did on last week's ee midterm!  im so happy we dont have ee lab this week though.  i am SOO fed up with ee lab..theres like one more left, and i really dont want to do it at all.  like i've been slacking on the last couple too.  its just that this ee lab is so pointless- like i'd rather have a lab that is more handson- like my last ee lab.  this is all matlab.  i hate matlab.  die matlab!  ok im going to get movin' now..read some of my next ee chapter..joy...hope it doesnt get too scorching hot today!!  byee!