i think i did ok on my midterm this morning.  kareen went to vegas today! lucky lucky her!!  i guess i shouldnt be complaining, shes hasnt been there for a while- and i've gone twice with will already. but still- it would be nice to get out of berkeley.  im going to try to get crackin' on my ee class this weekend.  cs is so hideous!  but i feel like i have NO energy! like i was so tired today that i fell asleep during all my children!  thats my favorite soap and its a friday! friday's are always the best~ and i fell asleep!  so low energy.   .  tomorrow is like icc cleanup for my sorority- i wonder how much help im going to be with my back hurting so much.  i think im going to wait until monday- and if it still hurts- then i'll start to get more worried.  i keep thinking its getting better- but then i'll bend some way or just like sitting here typing if i move it kind of hurts too.  eck.  what a pain in the butt.  will's not home from work yet.  i wonder what we're going to do tonight.  i have what like 3.5 hours until the sleepover tonight.  (oh we're having a sisterhood thingee tonight).  and if will doesnt get home soon he's not going to see me!  i wonder what i should even pack.  just my toothbrush and contact stuff?  maybe i'll just wear like pajamas there aha, so i dont have to bother changing tonight- and just bring clothes for tomorrow morning.  i hope i dont have to sleep on the floor- my back would not be happy!  hmm..yesh thats probably all i need- toiletries..i'll take a shower before hand.  ahah- i can just imagine the craziness of like 30 girls sharing two bathrooms.  oh wells.  gonna go have a cig...byeee!  I WANNA be somewhere!!!  (just not here. :) hehe).  i want a kitty.  a kitty!!  doesnt that make sense?  like seriously- we're planning on getting one like once i graduate and all- but then like- we'll both be working- and who will play with the kitty? and it will be really lonely and then not like people so much.  so we should get it now and not later!  will wants a doggy though- and those are just too much work!  we'll see..  ok cig time..byee!