hallo hallo!  done with school for the semester!!! yay!! i keep thinking - "Yay! done with school!!" but then i remember that im not really..but oh well!  ooh so last night we went to this bar in SF called fuse- it was really nice- its like on broadway near columbus or something? near the hustler club! hehe.  they made really delicious mixed martinis!  it was definitely nice to get out of the whole berkeley bar scene though!  like we had a group of 8, and this bar was pretty tiny, but we managed to get a tiny and proceed to get sloshed..well not THAT sloshed! hehe.. afterwards we went to garden of eden~ which was like ~eh~ the girls were really not pretty but no one was really in the mood to pay big $.  today we all went to sushi house and saw star wars again..  i dunno- the only interesting part this time around was, of course- yoda!  i actually even fell asleep.  i dont know what our plans are tonight- but i definitely want to do something!  but what!!  i dont think i feel like going to a bar again, clubbing?- nah.  we already did movie.  like i guess i cant really complain that i want to do something when i dont even have any suggestions huh.  i want to go kate spade shopping!!  hehe.  ooh i'm playing golf tomorrow- isnt that funny!!  i figure- i have time off right now, i might as well try to embrace golf- instead of being so anti-golf.  im sure it would lead to me and will spending even MORE time together ahah.  but yeah, me shirley will and jeff (shirley's bro) are going to play at summit point tomorrow- its a really nice course.  now the thought of me actually playing is quite laughable- seeing that i DO NOT KNOW how to play golf.  i repeat- NO CLUE.  once in a while i'll hit the ball mid-nicely at the range- but on the actual course?  ahah.  i can see will panic when i joke and tell him that i want to hit every ball into the hole tomorrow.  i know he's thinking that its going to take like 1 million hours.  aha.. but im definitely going to attempt to play- and if not- i can always gossip with shirley in the golf cart. :)  ok we're not really gossiping- NOo...we dont do that..of course not!!..eheh..did i ever tell u guys that i managed to stall a golf course once? haha that was funny.  ok iff to make plans!! byeee!