YESS!! One more final down! 2 yucky ones left!!  so how was my weekend? cold!  Saturday my parents came up and we all went to pick them up together (me/kareen will and andy) and then we went to oakland chinatown for dimsum.  we went to peony's just because we didnt feel like walking around chinatown and end up eating at some little dirty restaurant.  serious- im really into a clean eating environment!  the sun hong kong there really smells- but so does the one in berkeley..but anyway-...bad smells really ruin my appetite!  but anyway, so the wait at Peony was so fast!  probably cuz it was like almost 2, hehe..but we totally went all out.  its nice to have my parents around! :)  it was definite one of the better dim sum experiences i've had in a while cuz you want it? we got it.  it was nice!! :)  saturday night where did we go, ah yes- 168!  it was nice, normal as usual.  will and andy decided that they were going to split the bill for dinner because my parents got lunch.  big mistake.  boy my dad was not happy!!  i guess since we're not actually married to will and andy yet, its just not time yet for them to be paying for dinners and stuff.  as long as my dad is around- he's the big man :), he pays for everything. :)  i dont mind either way.  what'd we do that night? ah yes- we studied.  we attempted to do some studying for our history final that was this morning (morning) but i ended up doing more eecs studying.  oh yes! i went a cs review session from 4-6 and got home in time to watch the end of the laker game!!  go lakers!! :)  sunday was graduation.  i had no idea it was goin to rain!  seriously, i was like asking kareen- hmm, should i wear a short sleeve cuz it might be hot? then i look outside and its sprinkling!  you'd think they cancel graduation..haha..just kidding.  but it definitely was not a pleasant experience.  we were all so wet and the seats were all so wet and my jacket was like drenched and everything was wet wet wet wet wet.  but luckily the ceremony didnt drag on that long!  after lots of pictures for kareen afterwards we went to hot pot for lunch, yum- and then we studied more...but it really wasnt very productive studying.  we didnt really get like crackin on the stuff we needed to know till about like 630-7ish!  will and andy got in 9 holes at tilden.  then at 8 we headed back to kareens place for dinner with my parents, and then we attempted to study more...it was such a tiring wet day that we were so tired and fell asleep by midnight...with a final 8am next morning..and NOT knowing the information!  i woke up this morning pretty panicked..but i think i did fine..hopefully!  ooh i got my paper back today, like the one paper i've written in a REALLY long time!..and i got a 94! yay!  i think its worth like 32% of my great, and what 16% was the last midterm that I got like an 88 on, and 50% was today's final.  yeah i know it doesnt add up, but its only off by a bit and i dont remember exactly!  so today, im going to study EE and some CS.  i have a review session for EE from 1-3, hopefully it will be useful!  im actually starting to like my EE class a lot more and hate my cs class alot more.  but we'll see.  i'll be SO happy when this week is over.  then 4 weeks of nothing!! yay!!!!  ooh 2 months till vegas! :)  ahh the bright light at my finals tunnel...must get there!..see ya laters..going to start studying now! byee!