ahh time to get crackin on school!  so me and will had a big fight on saturday night.  everything is fine now, but it sure was a big one.  and u know what was the trigger? foosball!!! yes something so lame and stupid caused us to have a humongous fight.  foosball.  that day i had resolved to never play will foosball again.  we're both pretty good, not super good or anything, but we do well- and my goodness are we EVER COMPETITIVE!!!  why cant i be this motivated and competitive with my classes?  tsk tsk tsk.    ooh saturday night we went to sushi house, and the line was  sooo long, we didnt even have time to eat there cuz we needed to catch spiderman at 10, because we had like 7 people, we were never going to get seated!  so yesterday we went back to sushi house!  i dunno, something about island rolls just make me happy.  cant explain it.  spiderman was a cool movie- im not like WOW about it though.  it was pretty cool.  men in black II looks pretty funny though!  so many good movies coming out this summer!  so this is my plan.  STUDY my ass off for finals.  veg out for 4 weeks or so.  start summer school..lovely..VEGAS BABY VEGAS!...then fall semester.  what a fun summer to look forward to huh!  im just hangin' it all on vegas.  im kind of worried though, cuz im putting too much like expectations on it...but i have to! its my shining light at the end of the nasty finals tunnel.  must make it through to the light!!  must make it to vegas!!  ok i gotta study for a math quiz.  ooh guess what i finally decided on the classes im going to take next semester.  they arent my top choice, but stupidly, like 4 of the classes that i had interest in are all at the exact same time.  whats up with that!  so lemme share.  first is ee105- microelectronic devices and circuits- its about analog integrated circuits i think.  then theres ee126- probability and random processes- this is like the fundamentals of probability and duh random processes like in networking and stuff like that.  im taking this class cuz i like the professor teaching it. hehe.  he's actually one of my professors right now.  the class doesnt seem THAT interesting to me, but hopefully with the professor i'll have incentive to get to lectures!  plus, when I talked to my advisor- he said this was a good class for me to take- i seem to have a knack for math. :)  and lastly is cs162- operating systems and system programming- its a design course- and im taking it soley cuz it fits in my schedule and doesnt look too horrible.  so those are my courses for the fall.  yup! only 12 units!  and for the spring semester i only need to take 8 units!  :)  thats going to be a nice semester...so i guess my last year here will be pretty kick back...which is good!  okies i gotta hit the books! byee!