i smoked too much today, my throat hurts!  tonight was formals! it was actually pretty fun.  very welcoming!!  i would hate to be a really really old folgie still around when i didnt know anyone. haha.  but my lil sis jackie showed up! yay! i havent seen her forever! she's so busy!  makes me so proud of my sopi family!  like seriously, my sopi family line starts from me.  no kidding.  like i have a family line going up from me..but im the head for 2 reasons.  1) my big sis has another lil sis, so like its kind of split there in the tree, and 2) like the older girls in my line werent really around for the girls after in my line.  (some drama involved..hehe).  so im the proud head of the moo family.  moo family you ask? like cows? yes. like cows.  its like a tradition in my family.  no i am not implying that we are cows ahah.  lets just say it involves dressing up for halloween!  enough said! :)  so let me share with you.  i crossed fall98, then my lil sis jackie crossed fall 99 (yup i waited a semester), then her lil sis jenn crossed spring 00, then her lil sis terry crossed fall 00, then her lil sis kitty crossed spring 01, then her lil sis cheryl crossed fall 01, and unfortunately cheryl didnt get a lil sis this semester, but she told us tonight that wants to get one next semester! so right now im a great great great grand big sis.  yupyup.  i love it!  ok so i havent seen jackie forever so we left formals early cuz my feet hurt anyway and i didnt feel like dancing so we hung out at my place and she just left!!  it was really cool hanging out with her, really really fun! :)  like me and her have had some drama for sure, and its just really amazing that we've gotten through it and we're still so close. thats family! :)  okies its like almost 5am and im pooped.  we're going to sushi house than spiderman tomorrow! wait, i guess tonight ahah.  its newly expanded, so it should be exciting!  lets see whos going.  me will kareen andy tina milan and maybe kim.  and maybe heidi and nancy.  sounds fun! :) we'll see!    99!