hallo!  saturday night and yes i am at home!  we did lots of errands today and i really needed to sit down and start this stupid writing assignment.  writing u ask?  yup writing!  every moron can write!  but this is like one of those really really nit picky courses- its an upper division engineering courses for goodness sake!  so its gotta be perfect!  what did we do today? well!..what a day! but lemme start with last night first.  we headed out to 168 for dinner with kareen/andy and our friend jason.  it was yummy!- as usual?  then like we were all like ehh so we headed back to our place and played pokemon monopoly!!  the game actually lasted many many hours.  i think somewhere near the end me and kareen sort of teamed up against the others.  i was like scrimping by, mortcaging and everything!  but kareen kept bailing me out.  but then everything changed.  i landed on free parking- which had like 2 grand in it (will had left the game so his money went there).  ahh..thats when i hit the high road!  but all in all it was actually fun!  this morning.  oh yes- so last night i had checked on craigslist and emailed some people who had kittens to adopt out.  this one person emailed me back- said he had a kitten- 8 weeks old, brown with white paws.  sounds cute no? 8 weeks! adorable!  i was like- sounds perfect!  so we head over there- down the 580..which is perfect cuz will wanted to go to a golf store in san leandro which was just a little more down the 580.  we get to the guys house and its a little kitty! but its not gray! its like..brown-gray? i dunno i've never seen a kitty that color before.  and it had really really yellow eyes.  of course though, my first instinct is..kitttyyyy!!!  and it doesnt attack will so thats already a good sign.  like 10 minutes later we're leaving his place, with the kitty, and like the guy even gave us a bag of kitty food, like water and food bowl, and a litter box and toys!  what a nice guy huh!!  so we're driving down to the golf place and im sitting in the back with the kitty.  and something about him...(its a boy by the way)..i dunno...i just wasnt very excited.  like this kitty was CUTE in that it was a kitten..but like cute cute?  double cute?...it was a stretch...we went to the golf store and will went in and i stayed in the car with the kitty where it spilled its water.  stupid cat.  ahaha. so we're driving back up.and wills like are you sure u want him?  u dont seem excited..and im like..yeah.....sure.....push comes to shove- we're back at the guy's place giving the kitty back.  i just really really didnt feel a connection!!  oh well...like if im going to get a kitty- its gotta be one i adore!  so back to berkeley we go.  will was going to get a haircut but the lady that cuts his hair (kim) was on vacation till monday.  we stopped by lucky dog (pet store on san pablo) and i showed will the kitty me and kareen played with on thursday.  smokey- the one with the funky nose.  very cute.  but still a funky colored nose.  next stop!  it was like 11ish and we were going to head over to basic bird (pet shop on college) but i called them first and they said that the mobile adoption didnt start till noon, so we headed to the ramen place on university for lunch.  yeah- its just noodles- but its still yummy!  so noon rolls by.  we head over to 4th street (down university) which is supposed to have another mobile adoption thing going on..nothing!  so we're like, lets check out the pound.  by this point, im not like kitten crazy, and it really wouldnt like make me not happy if we didnt get a kitty today.  my emotions were just too rollercoaster-y after the kitten we ALMOST got.  so off to the pound!  im thinking..maybe a few kittens?  they had so many!!!!!    so immediately i saw one i liked.  a little boy.  gray.  with like hazel-ish eyes.  medium length hair!!  he was so cute!  but like he was with his two brothers and he seemed so shy.  and when i held him, i could tell like he wasnt that comfortable with people yet..takes time of course!  so im thinking- thats the one..medium hair too- perfect!  so then we look around some more while we're in that room.  and then we spot this one kitty.  like all the other kittens are like just playing around or meowing or sleeping but this one- shes a little girl- very little, only 8 weeks- shes sitting there with her tail wrapped around her, and shes like cleaning herself, and looking at us.  and its like !!  she was soooo very very adorable.  like she seemed sooo polite and tender!  and when will played with her she was very very gentle- no attempts to attack- good sign!  she was a calico though.  and normally i'd be like eh..about calicos..but shes mostly white with like color on her back.  but she was sooo like a little angel.  i just couldnt make a decision between them.  it was impossible.  one was everything i wanted in prettiness and the other one was everything i wanted in temperment!    so i made a sacrifice!  will's supposed to be getting me new earrings.  diamond stud earrings (finally heehee) and platinum little hoops.  we made a tradeoff cuz he really wasnt sure bout 2 kittens.  so i sacrificed him having to buy me the earrings for the 2nd kitten.  earrings are just material items right?  kittens are a lifetime of love!!    yes so i was very excited.  we went to pet food express on university and with our 20% discount for adopting, we went crazy.  we bought this cat bed for it- it was $50 but like it really was soo much more softer than any of the others they had.  we got like collars, id tags, food bowls, litter, food, litterbox, pooperscooper, nailclippers, food, canned food, toys..etc.  total was like $65.  i was like wow..that 20% was really great!  in the car im like wow $65 is pretty cheap for all that...i look at the receipt- the guy didnt put the cat bed on it!!!  i told will it was a sign that we were doing the right thing. :)  so then we headed home, it was so hot, we got in bed and just conked out and fell asleep.  we just woke up at like 8pm and will headed to the driving range for a bit and im supposed to be studying.  but i just had to stop by and share!    oh i pick up the kitties on tuesday!!  yay!!  ok time to study! KIIITTTTYYY! :)