man summer is going to suck!  i have lab till 3 and then i gotta go to copy central to buy a reader!  this copy central is like the worst one to drive to cuz its like at a really bad intersection with no parking at all.  maybe i'll walk, we'll see.  im pretty hungry i guess i'll get something to eat before my 11am lecture.  man i woke up late today! it was like 7:43 and i was like shit!  i have 8am!  it was pretty boring.  its engineering 190- an upper division required course for eecs and mechanical engineering majors.  its a straight writing course! i dont think im like particulary bad at writing, but its definitely not my favorite thing to do!  ugh. we had to write some like well developed essay for the first hour- it was lame.  the stupid thing is that the prof said that it would determine whether or not we stayed in the class- like this writing sample.  but during the school year we were all required to take a writing sample already if we wanted to get into the course in the first place.  waste of time. but oh well.  ugh lots of writing this summer.  yesterday i tried to make broiled tomatoes.  something went horribly wrong.  have u ever been to ruth's chris steak house? they have these amazingly delicious broiled tomatoes.  sooo good.  so i thought i would attempt it because we had lots of tomatoes.  i had to work my way around some of the ingredients that i didnt have.  then i thought i'd put in a bit of sugar (cuz the ones at ruth's chris were so sweet!- even though the recipe didnt call for it) but i accidentally put in salt instead so i was like ack so i tried to put in more sugar to try to even out with the salt? yeah it doesnt make any sense.  the finished product wasnt like gross or anything, but it just tasted like a cut tomato that had been sitting in the oven and was starting to get shriveled.  im just so not a cook.  did i mention i bought a food steamer!? yay! waiting for it still.  yeah i guess i should get like pretzels or something to munch on before lecture.  its an hour and a half lecture..incredibly boring..plus the teacher isnt even a professor- hes a grad student here at cal.  the TA called him Dr. Swan though...so...i dunno..  i have cs lab from 1-3..i really really really hope it wont be that long.. i honestly dont think it will be though.  pretty much theres one lab due a week, and theres two lab meetings a week, on tuesday and thursday and the labs are due thursday.  but since im already there, i guess i'll try to finish the lab thats due thursday today so i dont have to go back on thursday.  sound good?  i gotta figure how to program from home.  i did it last semester with java, but im not quite sure how to do it with c.  something about gcc.  hopefully the ta can give me some pointers.   yay! embark on another day!  1 day closer to kittttiiieeesss!!  (ok ok kitty..notplural..maybe..hehe).  byee!