so here i am 1 hour to go till my discussion.  so last night we had korean bbq at sam woo down telegraph in oakland.  we were all really hungry.  and besides like the kalbi and bulgogi and chapjae(?) we got this like pan friend onion cake with seafood in it.  i didnt realize there was seafood in it but i figured maybe shrimp or something right? so im eating its so yummy! then i see something on my plate and im like..hm.. whats this?..a CLAM!!  and i realize that that funky thing i was chewing was probably a clam! ack!  so i look for all the clams and give them to will.  ok. everything ok right?  WRONG!  so im eating it again and im like, whats this hard thing? just hard meat maybe? chew. chew. chew.  then i come across it again and again so i spit it out to take a look.  and when i realized it was like octopus i seriously shrieked.  for reals!  ack! i ate octopus! it was funny, cuz like first i was raving how delicious this appetizer was and how we're always going to get it from now on (andy wanted it, we never had it before)..and then all of a sudden my great eating experience totally took a nose dive..like with every bite now i felt all like nervous, and like uneasy, worried that i'd accidentally eat a clam or octopus part.  sucks huh! yes i know im so picky with what i eat, but i dont enjoy being picky!  it makes life a lot more unpleasant being so picky!   the wierd thing is the waitress brought us a big soup thing..and we were like..hm.. we didnt order this?..and she was like, gift from the house.  now how funky is that!!  like there really didnt seem to be a reason and PLUS its a korean restaurant and none of us are korean!  ...from experience..we usually dont have too great of service when we dine at korean places without a korean person..especially at koryo on telegraph next to music box.  the service there sucks!  but anyway..this soup was spicy..and had huge chunks of tofu and mushroom.  needless to say, i passed.  kitty! im soo excited!  soo very excited!  if everything goes well we'll have 1 or 2 kitties by this weekend!  i should do some research on cat foods and kitty litter hehe. i have an hour to kill anyway. ugh starting tomorrow i have 8am classes on tue, wed and thursday! so much for sleeping in!  kk byee!