ooh so the wedding was yesterday!  it was very nice. :)  my first non relative wedding!  lets see.  the church was huge! it was really pretty- and the ceremony was only half an hour- not long at all.  one of the wedding planner's cell phone went off. tsk tsk.  u'd think they'd know.  but it was nice seeing a bunch of will's college friends again- they're really cool.  they're so- whats the word- 'young professional'.  like they're way past all the immaturity young people have.  teri, the bride- her dress was so pretty! the back was bare like but just with this thin X ..and the bridesmaids dresses were like a dark red and their backs were like that too! very nice.  the little flower girl- she was SOO sOO cute.  I think she was half chinese? and half russian or something- she had like blondish hair- but she was SO adorable.    omg u wouldnt believe but i saw this girl that used to live in our apartment.  what are the chances of that.  like lets just say it was not fun- she had a dog that yapped all the time (even though there are no dogs allowed in the apartment) and her rent check ALWAYS ALWAYS bounced, you'd think someone would be somewhat responsible at  the age she was at... and that experience was one that led us to not really want roommates anymore.  one time i was walking to the bathroom and i dunno if she was going into her room or out or what but their door opened and i saw her bf in like his underwear.  it wasnt even like boxers.  now i know im not miss skinny (haha far from it :) ) but i am SO glad that will is not as huge (not even close!) as that guy was.  its a site that i've been trying to get out of my mind forever but it still haunts me.  but anyway, i digress.  its not that hate her or anything, haha,but i guess im a firm believer that its just really hard to live with people that u can remain 'friends' with, and also a firm believer that people who are just really not going to amount to much in life really arent even worth my time thinking about.  so im wasting my time now!! :)  but there are definitely some funny stories that me and my sopi big sis share about incidents concerning her.  aiya! still digressing!  back to the wedding. :)  after the wedding, like 6 of us headed to japan town (which was really close) for a quick lunch- it wasnt so quick though- so long wait at this mifune noodle place!  then we headed over to crissy's field.  that place is really amazing.  i've never been there!  like its a beach, and theres so many people just hanging out and bbq-ing and playing volleyball and rollerblading and everything!  we met up with the wedding party and we followed the limo to the end and we walked out to the pier.  i am SO glad i brought flipflops.  this pier is unbelievable.  the golden gate bridge is RIGHT behind it- like the pictures are amazing with it!  and if you take the picture from the other side- the city of San Francisco is there!  it was really really nice. :)  after that we went home- it felt like it took forever to get home!  we didnt get home till like 4:30.  rio came over and him and will each took a nap.  i was pretty bored- i played freecell and minesweeper haha.  then 6 we headed over to the wedding reception!  it was so weird- like this place in oakland chinatown- it had THREE wedding receptions that night!  pretty crazy.  we got there and there was this big portrait of this bride and groom and we were like..hmm.....thats not teri and scott....but then we saw people we recognized and whew we were at the right place.  we got our table assignments and me and will were at 9 while his friends were at 11.  strange..we looked at table 9 and it was like teri's family table.  strange......so i had will go ask someone with the master seating list and yay! turned out the master list had us at 11 also but it was copied over wrong.  whew.  so at our table was will and carolyn (who are getting married in august! will is a groomsman!) and john and stephanie (who got married last march!).  john and steph had brought their baby boy!! every time i see the baby i feel like squealing babbeeeeeeee!!!  he's really really cute.  babbbeeeee!!  not like i have baby fever or anything, but babbeeee! haha.  oh yes and there were 3 of scott's friends at our table too.  the reception was nice- the bride changed 3 times..very pretty..and there were speeches and stuff made.  it was definitely fun.  oh yes the bride did her boquet? toss and they made all single unmarried women go up- i tried to avoid going up but somehow i was forced.  no big deal  aha . i didnt catch any flowers anyway (whew for will haha).  then the dancing started and im REALLY not a dancer- not like i didnt feel like dancing that night- but in general i just do not really like to dance.  so hung out with different people and stuff and we took off later to meet some friends at jillians in the city.  my friend is leaving for new york this morning!!  she'll be there two weeks- before she heads back to taiwan.  im thinking of maybe visiting her..but we'll see how $$ it is.  but anyway- i've never been to jillians- i thought it was a bar- turns out its a bar/club- ack!  i so do not feel like dancing! haha.  $10 cover fee.  will had a headache! so we didnt stay too long before we headed home.  ooh there was this gay asian guy dancing by himself- he wasnt like BAD looking u know? but very very gay like the way he walked and danced- it was amusing watching him- and i swear he was looking at will! haha!    so that was yesterday.  today will and andy went to the driving range- its good to see them going there- golf is the business man's sport! :)  i dunno what we're going to do today though.  miniature golf?  who knows..laker game tonight! go lakers!!! :)