today i will be constructive!  im thinking of maybe going out and buying my books for my cs class this summer.  i hate cs- so maybe if i get a headstart on the reading i might actually do well.  we'll see!  yay its thursday!  tomorrow me and kareen are going to go get a haircut.  i want to get my hair relayered, maybe even lightened a little, depends if i want to spend the money!  then afterwards we're going to bart out to SF (not drive thank goodness) and go watch Spirit (the cartoon horse movie) at a matinee at metreon!  then we're going to head over to the sf shopping center cuz i have some pants to return at AE.  im going to try desperately not to do any shopping, because i am SOOO close to paying off all my bills if i just STOP spending!! but alas it is so hard!  lately though, i've been spending lots of $$ on food!  which is better than shopping i guess.  i've been out buying healthy non fattening foods!    but i digress..then tomorrow will is going to probably meet up with us at the shopping center when he gets off work early (yay!) and we'll do some shopping together before heading home.  i think theres definitely some good movies coming out that night so we might go watch one that night.  we're going to a wedding on saturday!  what to wear what to wear.  i hope it wont be too hot.  bleh.  i dont think i've ever been to a wedding, well a REAL REAL wedding.  me and kareen played the violin/piano at a wedding when we were younger- for people we didnt even know.  they were friends of my aunt.  isnt that strange?  ur wedding- the most important day- and the couple has a friend's niece's be the music?  i dont think we were THAT good at that time ahaha.  but im sure we were very inexpensive! :)  and the other wedding i was in was my sister's!  and that didnt really count cuz i was a bridesmaid and i had to stand up there the whole time.  seriously- it was a LONG ceremony- at least it felt real long!  about 5 minutes in i started wishing i hadnt worn these big heels, and even more in when i was getting tired of standing and listening to all the praying and getting a biiiiitt sleepy my biggest fear was that i'd topple over!  haha.  dont get me wrong- it was a nice wedding- but i dont think i got the full enjoyment experience out of it because i had to worry about not falling over or doing something stupid!  so yay it should be fun on saturday.    yesterday i was watching like VH1 Vogue Fashion Awards Uncensored or something- and there was a part that KILLED me it was so funny.  like andy dyck was there right? and he came out on stage wearing a huge pikachu strapped to his head and with a huge pokemon blanket wrapped around him.  he was supposed to be some big fashion designer and he was telling like faith hill and like sandra bullock that they were really out of style or something. hehe.  pikachu!! :)  uhoh i sense my boredom setting in!  and its only 9am!  i should definitely try to be productive today.  but what to do!  i hope i can figure something out soon! byeee!