YAY LAKERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  it was such an awesome game! i love the lakers!  i cant believe i ever doubted them! :)  yay yay yay!!!  ooh such a funny thing happened tonight. after the game, the six of us (me/will, kareen/andy, shirley/christian) headed over to chevys for a later dinner.  it started out kind of slow cuz it was taking forever to get a table so we decided to just sit at the tables near the bar area because those were the only ones there were open.  it took FOREVER for a waiter to come- and when he did- he was like "oh sorry, didnt see you guys there".  ok...  things that went wrong. 1) as i already mentioned- took FOREVER for the waiter to come 2) we had to get our own menus 3) we had to get our own utensils finally the waiter comes, and we order drinks and our food. 4) i order the tostada salad- and ask him what kind of beans come in it- he says black beans (which i dont like), so i ask him if i can replace the black beans with any other kind of beans, his response is like "uh..i dont know if they can do that.." u cant replace the beans?!  what kind of lame shit is that!  like i tell him i would like refried beans if possible- and he pretty much says- black beans? and im like- no- any beans except black beans- so he's like no beans then? and im like- yes. if u cant replace the black beans then fine, no beans.  ( also i ask for no guacamole as well) 5) it takes FOREVER for him to bring our drinks 6) he brings shirley sparkling water instead of bottled water like she asked 7) he didnt even bring andy a full cup of pepsi!! 8) food takes FOREVER FOREVER to get here 9) i ask him to refill our chips TWICE (which took a while to even ask cuz he came so slow) and it was never refilled 10) andy gets his food first- his beans are cold...when the waiter finally comes back, andy asks if the beans are supposed to be cold, and the waiter is like- no they should be hot, at least warm.  andy says his are cold, and the waiter is like- sorry about that..but the kitchen isnt making anything else anymore. so basically- sorry. thats it. 11) the other food starts to arrive- will and kareens flautas (everything on the plate!) is cold!! me and shirley get our tostada salads..christian is still waiting for enchiladas.... 12) the waiter FORGOT to put in Christan's order!!   13) his reply?.."sorry i fucked up"...cussing!? tsk tsk..and he doesnt offer to do anything at all... 14) me and shirley realize that BOTH of our tostada salads that we both ordered with fajita chicken have NO CHICKEN at all!! 15) shirley's salad has no guacamole (which is what i ordered and got...) 16) our salads are supposed to come with a side of ranch dressing..what do we have?  the other salad vinagarette that is supposed to come with the other salad!! and heres the big kicker... 17) my salad has no beans..which i figure fine..he couldnt replace the black beans..but guess what! shirley's salad has REFRIED BEANS!!!!!  (even though she wanted her black beans and he specifically said that he couldnt replace my black beans with any other beans which is why i had no beans at all...and now shirley has refried beans!!)  so that was our adventure.  needless to say- after the initial things we complained about to our waiter and having his reply be like 'oh sorry'...will got the manager and we ended up getting the entire meal comped..plus the margaritas that me and kareen ordered...so it was a free dinner- but still we wasted a lot of time waiting around and we were really hungry!  but hey- its going to be a memorable dinner! :)  how was LA?  it was hot.  real hot.  since we were only down there for a day, we didnt do much, but me and kareen did spend a lot of time with our parents- which was nice.  we watched kate and leopold with them that night, and man was that a bad movie.  like me and kareen were like- when is this going to end!!  i highly do NOT recommend it!  but anyway- we're going to watch a movie so byeee!!