man is it the weekend yet!  i swear im never going to get an A in my stupid e190 class.  everything i get back is always a B/B+.  drives me nuts.  but hey, i guess writing was never my strong point.  i wonder if other people are getting A's!  oh well, i guess i'll just have to settled with being happy with a B of some sort.  lovely.  a B would still help to raise my gpa anyway :).   i left my keys at home today. what a dork i am huh.  but its ok- i have a cs project due tomorrow that i havent even started on.  am i procrastinating or what.  sheesh.  but i've had so much other stuff to do that i just havent had time to get started on it.  hopefully i can work my ass off on it today.  i wanted to start last night but i really had like no clue where to start (lovely huh), but my lab partner said he can help me get started today in lab, while he's finishing his project!  what a dork i am.  so i've given up on the tiffany ring.  its just too expensive, and i dont really need such an expensive ring! plus i've given up on planning anothe trip to vegas too.  such disappointments!  but yah, vegas can get expensive, and it just conflicts with my studying time i guess!  so i just gotta think about school and get through summer school and then 2 more semesters and im outta here!    mojo is being such a good kitty!  we love him so much!!  mojoooo!  this weekend one of my good friends from high school is going to be in the bay area.  i havent seen her forever!  shes coming up with her new guy, so it should be fun.  saturday will's going to an all day bachelor party thingee.  nothing too crazy i think!  the wedding is in 3 weeks- right after my finals!  it should be a nice wedding- i heard its going to be really huge!  i wonder where im going to sit.  since will is a groomsman, he'll be sitting with the wedding party.  i guess i'll be sitting with girlfriends/wives of the other groomsmen!  that should be fun. :)  ok ok no more dillydallying. im just procrastinating more.  i'll come back when i have something more substantial to write! byee!