ok so now vegas is tentative!  is that not sad or what.  oh oh i went to great america yesterday! it was pretty fun.  it cant compare to magic mountain, but it was still pretty fun. i think im getting old, i didnt have as much energy as i remember myself having.  but i did get like totally totally drenched with smelly water on the white water rapids ride..which i thought would have been fun since it was so damn hot but wet jeans is not pleasant!  so like im the type of person, who like, life is harsh right? school is harsh, lots of stressful things that associate with everyday life.  so i always have like something that i'm looking forward to.  like i need to have that occasion or something u know? something to be like, ok get through these next few months and then yay! so like before it was the rv trip (which was supposed to take place this week).  and then it fell through, and so i was really bummed cuz like who wouldnt get bummed if something they were looking forward to for a long time got cancelled.  but i got over it cuz i readjusted and put vegas as my looking forward-to-point, which is like 3 months from now- kinda far but hey after i get through with summer school and like first month or so of fall semester, vegas baby vegas!  and now..vegas looks tentative.  is that sad or what! so whats my next thing on the list to use as my guiding force? graduating in 2 years. so pathetic!  like vegas is tentative now cuz like the plane tickets for my bday weekend are like SOOO freakin expensive. i  dunno whats going on that weekend in vegas but like all the plane tickets are either sold out or hellla hella expensive.  and like if i dont go the weekend of my birthday then it just takes the whole point of going right? cuz you only turn 21 once!  and like i dont want will to have to pay expensive plane tickets for vegas cuz then we'd have to scrunch on the other spending- like hotel rooms and stuff- i want to see O and i want to gamble and shop!  so right now im working working working. i still have credtcards to pay off but hopefully i will have them paid off within my next 2 paychecks?  and then im just going to start saving saving money until september. which is bad too cuz i didnt want to work when summer school started cuz i want to concentrate on school and also bad cuz i think my company is probably going to close by august?  oh well.  life is harsh!  but its ok i'll get through it, thanks to will! :)