hello!!  study study study study.  i am so sick of studying!  hows this weekend been? hm lets see.  friday night we saw the new austin powers goldmember movie.  it was funny?  well not hilarious but i laughed alot!  the godzilla part was my favorite part!  ooh and the cameos! tom cruise! :)  that was cool.  oh yes my friend shirley was in town! yay! we had dinner with her at samwoo on telegraph. it was yummy.  the waitresses were really nice- which really suprised me cuz like usually at korean restaurants our experience is that like if you're not korean they're not exactly nice to you. but hey nice change of events!  oh yes- thursday night we went to sushi house- been a while since we went there!  we ordered too much. tsk tsk. but so yummy! yes and david (manager) gave us free appetizer and unagi rolls, and also mochi ice cream! yum!  we were SOOO full after that.  saturday? hm what did we do.  we had lunch somewhere- i dont remember where though.  it was only yesterday! oh yes us and kareen went to sconehenge.  then i studied more.  will went to the driving range.  then me/will went to 99 ranch and got some groceries and had dinner at diamo.  we didnt seem to order stuff that was too yummy.  i wanted walnut prawns!  the chicken and string beans dish we got had mushrooms.  yuck!  but of course yummy dessert.  then we went home and i studied more. oh yes, heidi and peter stopped by for a bit too.  this morning? we went to stonestown galleria- will needed to get fitted for his tux for his friend will's wedding.  we got there at like 10ish and they werent even opened yet, so we went to mcdonalds and had breakfast (blech!).  then we did a bit of shopping, hehe.  i got some tops at banana, like 3-4 tops? i dont remember- they were all on sale and like total was like only forty-something bucks.  then at abercrombie i got a top (with 15% off coupon) and it was the price of my whole banana purchase. hehe.  silly huh.  then we got stuck in traffic coming home and now im studying. wheres will? duh! playing golf!  but yah, i have much to study..  now when i say study..its not real intensive studying.  for that i have to go to the library or sufficent and something- and not have access to my laptop or a computer.  this damn card game on will's computer- its called spider solitaire.  it is SO freakin addicting.  must stop!  ok byee!