hallo!  yay 2nd oral presentation done for my e190 class! yay!  i still read a bit though, stupid me.  anyway. so much to do in so little time!  i have a cs lab today which im feeling pretty clueless on..ugh.  plus i have a midterm in my cs class on monday, and my e190 midterm paper due tuesday then my cs project is due wednesday! its going to be a long weekend.  so lemme talk a bit about vegas!  so lets start on thursday.  i went to my e190 class in the morning..bla bla.  but i was just so excited i couldnt make it to my cs lecture- will picked me up and we did some last minute errands before our trip.  i was still having some errors on my cs project cuz the stupid autograder wasnt up till that day, and every time i submitted i had to wait a while before i got a response from the autograder.  it was pretty strenuous.  me and kareen got pedicures- we were both going to get manicures too but there wasnt enough time so only i got one.  what else.  so excited!  around 5ish? we all met up and headed out to SFO.  we had these coupons we had gotten in the mail that were good for like a whole stay in the SFO parking- so that was good- except first we went to the actual SFO parking lot- but then we realized that our coupon was for another parking place called Park SFO, so we had to go out and try to find it- luckily it was really close though! man it was really cold!  then we took a shuttle over to SFO- so its maybe around 630-7ish?  we get there and we have to wait in a long time to check in at the national airlines counter- but its ok cuz we're all so excited!  theres a bofa right there so i pull out a bit of money- not too much though!  so then we get our tickets and head over to our gate.  of course we have to go through security- pretty tight- which was nice- more of a sense of security right?  will had to take off his belt!  and the lady asked if she could pat down my lower back and body..i was like..sure..ooh will left his bag there cuz he thought i had grabbed it, hehe, so we had to go back and get it, and then andy thought he had left his cell phone there too but kareen already had it..what else..oh yes so at the gate, we have some time to kill- so i buy some magazines (people and us) and we all have a hot dog.  it was like a mini hot dog for double the price- but hey we cant complain- its airport food!  i had mine with tomatoes, ketchup and onions.  the tomatoes were actually really nice on the hotdog- i dont think i've ever gotten tomatoes on my hotdog before- so it was a welcome surprise. :)    finally its time to board the plane! yay!  onto the plane we go! :)  the flight was pretty short- only like a bit over an hour- and it went by pretty fast.  i was really happy to be getting away from berkeley!  we got there and yay through my window i could see vegas! so exciting so exciting. hehe.  can u tell i was happy to be there?  hehe.  lets see. so we got off the plane, and took a tram over to the exit.  it was pretty damn hot.  we took a taxi to ballys and me and kareen checked in our luggage- played some slots..didnt win much i dont think.  then we checked into our rooms- we figured it being the first night and all, we'd start at playing low stakes- dont want to lose all our money on the first night! so we headed out to imperial palace (ip)- i've never gambled there before- its a bit ghetto- but they had $5 tables so hey why not.  the drinks were SOOO nasty.  we left after a bit cuz we were just losing losing losing.  what else did we do that night?  i dont really remember- but we didnt win thats for sure! hehe.  it got pretty late so we headed back to ballys and hit the sack.  friday morning! we checked out of ballys and went to paris where they held our luggage because check in time wasnt till like 3.  then we headed out!  its kind of a blur still, we hit lots of casinos and our luck just was not good.  we hit a few small jackpots on slot machines- but u just eventually lose the quarters anyway! so pointless.  friday was just a very losing losing day.  probably cuz we gambled so much!  oh yes we stopped by tiffany at bellagio.  i wasnt really looking for anything in particular.  they had these tiny cute diamond earrings that i liked alot- which actually was something me and will have talked about me wanting- they had the kind that are actually in the setting- not sticking out- which i think is better cuz that way it doesnt get stuck on my hair or anything.  but its like almost a grand, for these tiny tiny earrings and i figured i could most definitely get them somewhere else for a lot cheaper.  will on the other hand was talking to one of the ladies there secretively and had gotten some information on something but he wouldnt tell me what. after some prodding he told me.  it was a beautiful ring.  i had actually seen it before but it seemed like so out of our price range that it was never even an option- but for him to actually inquire about it- it got my hopes up.  its called the etoile ring, platinum with 10 small diamonds around it..its really beautiful but its like $1500.  quite a large jump from all my little sterling silver jewelry from tiffany!  i figured if we won big we could come back and consider. hehe.  but alas.  the night just entailed more and more losing.  we got so caught up in losing that we lost track of the time and by then it was too late to go clubbing or whatevers. oh yes we stopped by espn zone.  then we headed back to our hotel- kind of down from all our losing!  we played some cards and fell asleep pretty late- i was so tired! oh yes- this day- we had the breakfast buffet at paris- which was yummy and then we ate at the same buffet for dinner- lots of jumbo cocktail shrimp! yum my favorite! oh yes i bought a top from express too.  it was perty.    now its saturday!  we figure, with all our losing- we should lay off gambling a bit and just enjoy las vegas.  so we kind of sight see- hit the m&m and coke stores..just wander around.  finally we're like lets do a bit of gambling.  i think we started out at mgm grand.  jackpot!  at the table in the time we were sitting there- i had like 14 blackjacks.  i am SO not kidding. but with me just betting a measly $5 per hand, the winnings werent too huge.  its funny- will decided he just wasnt going to gamble, he'd watch- which was fine cuz i figured that way only one of us would be losing money, instead of at a doubled rate! but we were all winnning!  each table we went to we would leave with me at least $75-100 up!  it was great!  hm that morning- we didnt have buffet- we ate at fatburger- which was actually pretty good.  andy thought that he had lost his sunglasses, so after searching and searching, it turned out that they were in his pocket! silly huh!   so winning winning winning.  things were very nice- but considering the amount we had lost thur/fri, we definitely were not up! (can u imagine how much we lost those first two days!).  oh yes then we caught a show at mgm grand- LaFemme.  it was topless- and i was pretty skeptical about it- but tickets were only like 50 bucks or so, so why not.  it started out pretty slow but it definitely got more entertaining.  who knew naked women could be entertaining! haha!  there was this one part, called adagio, where the women were very almost naked, and it was slow and the lighting was dark with this like triangle blue patterns- surprisingly enough- it was really beautiful...  ok show over? what should we do? hit the black jack tables again!  ahh what a nice night of winning winning winning.  it got really late and we were so tired so we headed to bed.  i dunno how we managed to wake up in time!  so we woke up and checked out and had paris (again) hold our luggage cuz our flight wasnt till like 530 that evening.  so what did we do? more gambling! off to bellagio! win win win!  we took a break for a quick lunch and thats where my luck turned sour.  after eating, we went back and i just lost straight for like 15 minutes.  by then we had graduated up to $10 minimum tables, and in that little bit of time i lost like $150.  now thats pretty discouraging.  i figured i should just stop then and keep my winnings, not let my luck get worst!  so i was really really really not happy, sucked!!  so me and will just walked around- me not happy, stupid me- it was just $150 anyway! we headed to the tiffany store to look but didnt buy anything :(.  will wanted to get me this platinum ring with a single diamond on it that was around 500 bucks, but i knew that kareen wanted the sterling silver counterpart so i had to resist.  i wanted the etoile ring! but i guess hey its pretty damn expensive!  so anyway. ugh. i was not happy.  what a stupid way to end vegas huh! we head back to the airport bla bla bla.  at the security checkpoint, they actually took my luggage and went through it and put it through several times the xray machine.  several times.  they kept saying they were looking for something long and sharp.  it was odd- they were so serious! but i guess thats good right? but sheesh do i look like a terrorist?  finally they realized it was my electric toothbrush- which is so lame cuz thats what we told them it had to be from the start, and they even ran my toiletry bag a few times by itself! but hey better safe than sorry. off home we go. we are soo tired by then.  we stopped at sunhongkong for a quick dinner, went home and slept.  oh yes and mojo was very happy to see us.  so thats our vegas trip- started rocky, went really really great and then ended rocky for me.  stupid me huh.  its just money! :) and im proud to say that i did pay my half (almost half anyway) for the trip- not like the other times where will paid for everything. ah my little bit of independence!  so now its back to reality and seriously- reality BITES!  ugh ugh ugh.  i have many things to work on- not just in school!  i have a plan of attack which is good though- i have a year left in school right? and after that?...hehe..we'll see!  ok i've waste way too much time that i should have been attempting to catchup in my cs class (a hopeless task) so i better boogie.  byee! more later!