geez so somehow i adjusted the screen and the blog i had written got erased! ergh.  anyway.  i did my oral presentation today!  i am SO glad its over with.  i think i did ok, except for the fact that i got nervous and pretty much read my damn speech.  but its ok.  the professor said that i had a good speaking voice and that if i could wean myself off reading i could be a great public speaker.  something like that.  so strange- usually i dont get nervous speaking in front of people at all- im confident enough in myself.  but i guess this topic- golf ball aerodynamics just isnt exactly up my alley- so i panicked.  lovely huh.  and this other guy had the same topic as me! what are the chances- but i think he took like a different route than i did.    anyway.  im SO glad its over.  yesterday i finished my cs project! yay! well its not completely done but more like 95% done.  i just have to go back and put in comments to it.  i'll do that when i get out of my 1230 class.  then after that i gotta get crackin on the cs homework- i have no clue if i'll be able to finish it in time.  i sure hope so- but if not..ugh!  its due monday morning..but since i wont be here all weekend- i gotta finish it TONIGHT.  tomorrow i have class like all day plus i have to do a cs lab so i doubt i'll have time then.  wish me luck!  yay we're going to vegas tomorrow! i am SO excited!  yay!  me and kareen are already kind of looking for dates to plan the next trip- gotta book them while the flights are cheap!  but we dont really want to mention it yet to will and andy..figure we should wait until we get back from this trip first before we scare them about spending more money!    i found these earrings online that i want- i told will and we're going to get them when we get back from vegas.  they're not even that expensive.  the other day- i was cleaning my earrings- i have 5 holes right? 3  on the left and 2 on the right.  5 now seems a bit excessive..but when i was getting them in high school they didnt seem so bad. funny story actually.  i got my first 2 (one on each year) when i was like 12 in taiwan.  then the summer after my freshman year i went to australia with my orchestra- for some reason they dont check your age when getting ur ear pierced (u have to be a certain age here right? or be with a parent).  so me being SO rebellious (yah..) i got a 2nd hole on my left ear.  i went home and my parents werent too happy but hey im a grownup- what like 14?  haha.  but anyway.. fast forward a few years.  im cramming for the SATs i think.  well it was for some standarized test.  and im stressing.  so me and my best bud connie head over to the local mall and we each split a pair of earrings.  i get a THIRD one on my left ear and she gets one of those on the top.  so now i have 3 in one and 1 in the other.  hm...i go home and realize what a dork i look like.  so the next day we go back together and split another pair- i balance my 3 on my left ear with an additional one on my right ear- which brings me to my current left-3 and right-2.  so where was i..  ah yes.  so i was cleaning my earrings and see my first hole on each ear i where these silver hoops- and low and behold- i realize when im cleaning them that they're different sizes!!  what a dork.  how long have i been wearing these? they're not like hugely different or anything, minimal cuz they're small hoops anyway- but im irked.  so i go searching online and find a pair that i want.  its at bluenile.com and its the platinum hoops- only $100.  after will gets me those im going to try to convince him to get me the pair of diamond studs i've been eyeing.  we'll see how we do in vegas!!  ooh mojo is the GREATEST kitten ever.  i love him sooo much.  he is soo affectionate!  last night i woke up cuz my shoulder hurt ( i was sleeping on like 3 pillows, a blanket and a towel).  in the space between me and will- mojo was sleeping!!  i was very happy to have mojo next to me- so soft and warm!  im sure going to miss him this weekend! vegass!!!!  ok i better do some reading for my cs homework so i can at least attempt to get it partially done.  vegas!!  talk to you later!!!