yay the weekend is almost here! vegas in less than one week! :)  it was a pretty tough week..im still catching up on sleep!  ooh my best bud from high school is up here in walnut creek.  we had smoothies together with another friend on wednesday.  i really miss hanging out her. she is SOO skinny though, haha, makes me feel like a cow.  but its inspiring. :)  whats going on this weekend? hmm...ah yes- tonight one of my friend's is having a cocktail/drinking party- but its all the way down in foster city though. so far!  i guess it really depends on how will feels- cuz he'd be the one driving anyway.  tomorrow night we're going to do attempt a quadruple date (as opposed to double date).  dinner and then the bowling party that will won at albnany bowl.  we wanted to bowl at peak hours (to get the most of the free-ness hehe) but they said that we have to reserve time thats before 9pm.  so we're going bowling from 7-9.  either dinner before or after.  then like hang out and play games.  we can play the newlywed boardgame that we have! its very sad- last time we played it was for will's birthday last year-4 couples.  out of those 4 couples- only 2 are still together. :(  ahh the tides change...sunday? ooh we might play golf!    last night the four of us went to the drving range together.  we saw some of will's golf friends there and he was introducing me and kareen (they already knew andy).  it was funny, like the 'whole family' is here.  after all, in the future we're all going to be family anyway!  but im definitely improving.  thats really not saying much though, cuz i still really suck.  but practice makes perfect! :)  it was fun but by like 10pm my lack of sleep from the night before was catching up and i was SOO pooped!  but yah we might go play on sunday- but i think me and kareen actually paying to play golf would be a huge waste of money right now.  i do enjoy driving the cart though :) .  i love fridays.  its the start of a nice weekend.  ahh.. vegas coming up!! yay!!