hallo!  quick catch up on the past week!  hm i dont remember that much but lets see...thurday me/kareen/andy/shirley/will/milan had dinner at downtown san mateo at this place called kingfish.  it was actually really good!  their tuna appetizer was delicious! i got the teriyaki skirt steak (?) and it was really good too!  yummyy...that was nice, it was really reminiscent of like the olden' (haha) days when we all used to hang out together all the time!  friday will and i headed down to los altos and met up with shirley/jeff/joan/antonio at tony romas in sanjo.  it was a nice dinner, im not a big fan of tony romas though.  i ordered half a slab of ribs and ate seriously 1 rib haha, will ate his whole full slab AND my extra half!  but their corn on the cob was yummy! afterwards we went to the shoreline cinemas and saw blue crush- it wasnt a bad movie!  the front of the theater had a nice fountain..why are theaters around here so ghetto!  anyway, blue crush made me want to learn how to surf!  not like seriously learn but just for fun. oh yes, will played this video game in the arcade, it was so hilarious, like he looked through this like big thingee and he could turn around with it and everything to shot at things. funneee.  afterwards we headed back to shirleys place and the boys talked bout business stuff..and us girls played junior monopoly!  man by the end of the game i had like 3 dollars left and shirley had a stack of bills that was as like thick as an index finger.   but it was fun, very no brainer game!  saturday morning will and jeff headed out to play golf and i headed to valley fair!  i didnt get lost on the way there!  but i passed 2 cemetaries, which was kinda freaky.  then i met up with shirley/mailn for breakfast at ihop and then headed back to los altos while they went back to the mall.  then me/joan just chilled and watched tv till the boys came home.  its nice to just relax!!  dinner we went back to downtown san mateo and ate at speido..which was yummy too!  then to milan's place and placed some scattegories til shirley had to leave to catch her flight!  then we headed back up to berkeley.  sunday we went to marine world with kareen/andy!  it was actually pretty fun, not too rushed or anything! did all the rides and saw some shows!  fun fun.  ok yah that was our weekend.  first two days of school has been OK..im kinda feeling overwhelmed already (bad sign!).  but we'll see!