alright! time to catch ya'all up on my weekend!  so lets start with thursday...we went to sushi house!  now i LOVE sushi house so much..and its always a great experience...but this time was just a big bummer!  to make a long story short, our waitress got our order wrong and then we had to wait like another half hour/45 minutes for the food to get here! and then we needed more tea and ginger and she never came around, and to top it off the island roll (my FAVORITE!) was not delicious like it usually is!  so that was that..  friday... will took the day off ..what did we do?  we had bulgogi sandwiches from expresso experience on bancroft (will really likes them) and then i bought some books for the fall semester.  ooh we stopped by ace hardware too, and i loaned kareen my laptop so she could play sims that afternoon.  2ish or so we headed out to SF for a pre-wedding thingee- like will is a groomsman for the wedding on saturday right? so him and the other groomsmen and best man and of course the groom were doing some like stuff at the home of the bride- like i guess the setting was like the bridesmaids were holding the bride for ransom and the guys had to go through and do certain things to get her.  it was pretty funny..they started out like having to choregraph some dance to like a backstreet boys song, i think it ended up to be some sort of a strip tease or something! haha..what else- oh yes they had to like compose a poem with words they chose out of a bowl...sing the couple's song? oh and yes they had to make a wedding dress for the groom to wear out of toilet paper. :)  after that we headed out to the church for the rehearsal- st. ignatius...near the golden gate park.  it was HUGE.  like u could see the steeple from like far far away. the church was amazingly huge, and very beautiful- one of those churches that u feel u just MUST whisper in.  so they walked through the ceremony and made sure everyone knew what to do.  there were two babies there, they were so cute!  one was the son of one of will's friends and the other was the bride's nephew.  babies are soo cute!  after that, we headed to a chinese restaurant on geary (kirin?) for the rehearsal dinner- there were so many people and it like a full 10 course meal or something!!  but it was definitely a lot of fun.  like before i used to be kind of weary cuz i felt like i didnt really know that many of will's friends, but after like 4 years, im definitely much more comfortable and at ease with them- they're lots of fun!!  so that went on for a while lots o' fun.  after that we headed home and met up with jeff/joan (another fun couple!) but we were pretty darn pooped that we didnt hang out long and headed home to sleep.  next morning we had to wake up early early and head out to palace of fine arts in SF, be there by 9:45 to start taking wedding pictures..we were a bit late..but not the last groomsman to arrive!  palace of fine arts is really pretty but pretty damn cold! they took lots of pictures till like  noonish.  then we headed to cathedral hill hotel where people were staying and had dim sum in the lobby.  ooh me and will stopped at a tullys on the way there to get an expresso shake.  ahh time for the wedding! we get to the church like 1:15ish?  and the groomsmen and ushers are ushering people and i hang out with stephany, who is one of will's friend's wife.  she is really cool.  like i didnt really talk to her much before but we sat together and chit chatted and it was really fun! :)  the wedding was really nice, lots of standing up and sitting down though! :)  i guess it was a traditional catholic wedding?  the groomsmen and bridesmaids actually got to sit through it!  my favorite part was when will/carolyn lighted their unity candle from the 2 family candles.  that was really nice!  after the wedding..more pictures with the wedding family...then we headed over to the reception.  it was at empress of china- in chinatown SF.  it was like the entire floor! there were soooo many tables!  all the groomsmen/bridesmaids sat at the head table but it was cool cuz i was sitting at the table like right next to them with stephany!  it was funny we actually moved to another table cuz the people hadnt shown up so we wanted a better view for the slideshow but it turned out to be a vegetarian table! mushrooms! tofu!  so needless to say we moved back..lots o lots o food.  it was definitely fun.  no i didnt catch the boquet! :)  they showed a slideshow that was really cool, there were young young pictures of will in there! hehe.even i made it in there!  then there was dancing and stuff afterwards, ah yes we all headed downstairs to smoke cigars at the end of the night...im definitely not good at cigar smoking..  so the night's over! so tiring day!  me/will head home get our stuff and head down to los altos to jeff's place cuz will and jeff are playing golf next  morning at like 6am.  me/shirley/joan didnt sleep till like 3 though, we were doing a puzzle haha yah we're such dorks. but will didnt get to sleep till like 130-2ish and they woke up at like 5ish!  i dunno how they did it.  today was definitely very relaxing.  we had breakfast at this breakfast place in los altos..waffles! yummy! then we went back to their place and watched tv and everyone fell asleep again one by one, except shirley! i dunno how that girl has so much energy, she was like playing video games that required jumping around and stuff and the rest of us were so pooped.  but yah just chilling is really really nice.  around like 930 we headed out to this place called midori? which was like japanese food, hella freakin expensive though! (compared to sushi house anyway)..then we headed back....JETTA..  so home at last..its nice to be home!  mojo must have missed us.  this week is going to be a very healthy week! :)  as of ... NOW! :) but yah, going to head to bed, im so pooped! 99!