wow is it wednesday already?  lets see.  saturday will was gone forever at his friend's bachelor party..what did i do? ah yes work on my stupid paper, im much much happier with it than my original one. oh yes and my friend tiff from LA was in the bay area visiting that weekend so she dropped by for a bit to hang out.  she was telling me of some girls from my high school, like how some of them had kids already.  and like i was really really surprised!  but i guess i shouldnt be..some people are just like that...i dunno, i just think that before anyone has kids they should be in a stable and strong relationship and have like some sort of future going for them...its hard to have a kid at such a young age, like i would think you'd be missing out on lots of things you can do when you're still young u know? but hey if you're responsible and you planned the pregnancy then power to you.  if you're responsible and didn't plan the baby, well...then there's harder decisions to be made.  oh and she told me about this girl that was in playboy!  i guess im not too surprised, she had a nice body and wasnt exactly the high school valedictorian u know? so make money the way you can i guess?  anyway, it was fun like gossiping about people from high school.  i dunno, i dont really keep in touch with people from my high school era haha, only a select few!  im sure it'll be pretty crazy when like some high school reunion comes around, i wonder how much certain people would have changed.  do they have 5 year reunions?  that would be next year i guess.  we'll see!  ooh so we went to the driving range on monday, i was doing a lot better than last time!  i actually hit it into the nearest green! yah its not THAT far, but for me its a huge accomplishment.  like i want to get better at golf, but i just dont have the time.  my unemployment runs out in like 2 months so im kinda worried bout my financial situation.  like im going to attempt (ATTEMPT!) to start with 4 upper division ee courses, but if i'll actually end with 4? who knows.  so im not sure if i want to get a job and take away time that i should be studying u know?  but then i need the money!  i saw in the daily cal yesterday that they're looking for a hostess at this pool hall like down the street from where i live.  i wonder how much the pay is.  this job wouldn't exactly help me in my career field though haha.    today in my e190 class we were discussion this article about how engineers these days are too narrow minded in the sense that all they know is technical information, and not enough emphasis is being placed on humanities and stuff.  its amazing listening to some of the engineers in my section how stuck up some of them can be.  of course we're all in it for the money right? but still, some of these guys man...i was pretty disgusted.  i think the teacher was getting annoyed too.  of course im in it for the money- like i have any REAL interest in engineering?  yah sounds really shallow but its somewhat true!  my favorite thing to do is to shop- sad but true...and i need a good job to do my shopping!  like people in jobs like nursing and stuff, sure thats great if you like to help people (which everyone should want to do in a perfect world) but its not going to get the bills paid for big time shopping.  but at least some of the classes im going to be taking this coming fall semester sound interesting, and i actually have interest in taking them!  all EE, no CS.  i hate CS man!!  i wish there were more math classes i could take..math seems to be my thing recently..too late!  so this weekend we might go to marine world!  andy can get tickets for like half off.  we're still considering though.  last time i went i think was with shirley/christian and i dont remember that place being so great.  hm wait- maybe we went to great america with them and marine world with fei/phil.  who remembers everything is so blurry!  but i dont really remember either of those amusement parks being that fun...but at half off it could be considered!  will's going to play golf on sunday.  and then next week is going to suck crazilY!  i have to give another presentation on monday- this time its about EAS systems (electronic article surveillance)..u know...like at libraries or clothes stores they have those pedestals at the exit/entrance that'll beep if some stupid worker there forgets to deactivate the tag?  i think mostly its out of incompetence!  and then i have a final paper and my cs final due.  its going to be a long week.  but the weekend after that is will's friend will's wedding.  dunno what im going to wear.  they're having a rehearsal for the wedding party on friday night, and then a rehearsal dinner after that.  like i got an invite for the rehearsal dinner, which sounds fun.  but if will's already going to be in SF for the rehearsal i dunno if i want to drive by myself out to SF just for the dinner.  i hate driving in SF.  the church the wedding is going to be at- st. ignacius or something? i looked at the website and it is HUGE!!  i heard its going to be huge wedding too! that should be fun.  but i dunno who im going to be sitting with cuz will's a groomsman.  we'll see.  we have a cs project due on friday. fun fun.  i have so no interest in my stupid CS class..its like pulling teeth. hehe.  just get it over with damnit!  ok i guess i'll do some reading for it..ugh..be back later!