oh no! the weekend is almost over!  so will took yesterday off, which was nice, cuz i didnt have class either.  what did we do? ah yes, we had pho at 99 ranch, then went to costco.  will forgot his american express credit card at home (he took it out for some reason) so i had to pay for costco! shocking huh!  yes, i know, im lame, considering its stuff for both of us and he always pays it.  so anyway, we get home unload and i go with will to get his hair cut.  along the way i decide that i think its about time to cut my hair too, so i cut it, and colored it!  my hair is kinda funky- like it really really resists color.  all the times kim (she ALWAYS cuts me/will's hair) has tried to color my hair, the color doesnt come out too showy which is fine with me.  im really not a fan of the dyed light light brown hair, especially if its on a hoochie.  but anyway.  i figured all the times that i was coloring my hair (not THAT many times) was kind of wasting money cuz it was never that visable so this time i decided to take the plunge and actually go a lighter lighter shade.  im pretty happy with the results!  not too dark, but definitely not too light either.  oh yes, and will paid for it (well i paid for costco!! and long hair is expensive to color!!).   then we went to see the signs with kareen and andy.  that was pretty scary.  like not scary scary when i think back now, but shit, we had like good seats like in the front of the middle right?  and it was scary!!  will was thinking of heading down to los altos tonight because his tee time was at like 7am this morning in milpitas, but like halfway through that movie, we decided (well i did..hehe) that he wasnt going to go cuz no way was i going to sleep alone tonight after watching this movie!!  but all in all, it was a cool movie..afterwards we went to dennys yadda yadda and then we went home cuz will had to get to sleep early for this morning.  ah yes, i got restless last night so i cleaned/organized the bathroom cabinet and under the sink. haha.  so this morning will took off at like 6am, so i got out of bed too and wrote part of my paper.  then i watched swordfish, slept, played some card games (spider solitaire!!), slept, paper, scrubbed the stove a bit, contemplated scrubbing the kitchen floor with our new OilEater cleaner but decided against it, and then slept some more.  pretty uneventful!  then like 1ish i went to have dimsum with kareen and andy at peony, had boba (been soo long!) and continued the same cycle as before except didnt watch swordfish (yes, even contemplated the kitchen floors again!).  i just want to get this damn paper done and over with!  then i gotta work on my oral presentation, and do reading for my cs homework and project. JOY.  ok the cycle continues...