my birthday is over!  quick recap!   lets see wednesday night we went to tony romas for dinner for will w/kareen and andy.  friday i had my microsoft interview!  it was pretty crazy.  like i went in thinking that it was going to be like behavioral questions or logic maybe? but from the start it was like all technical stuff- like write me an algorithm for this, draw me a circuit for this, give me test cases for this.  my goodness!  im just glad its over and hey its the experience of interviewing that counts right?  anyway..  friday night we had dinner at vankansan with K/A and H/P and then went to see the Spirited Away movie playing on Shattuck.  it's the same guy who did totorro!  it was a really good movie- like i wouldnt even mind watching it again or even owning it! it was great!  yah and then more bomberman. haha.  saturday! yesterday!  my birthday!  we headed out in the morning with K/A to the ihop in vallejo and then a bit farther to calistoga to this golden haven spa place!  there we all got mud baths- they have like a special deal there for couples to take these mudbaths together! its like first a mudbath then like jacuzzi then like a blanket wrap.  it was nice! very relaxing.  i've never taken a mudbath before! but yah, definitely relaxing.  we finished around like 3ish and then headed back to napa to go to the robert mondavi winery.  man im realizing now i am SO not a wine drinker!  we took a tour there which was cool! but afterwards we got to do wine tasting and boy do i not like wine!!  eck!  but it made me want to eat duck.. but anyway, yah it was definitely really nice- there was even a portion of the tour where we got to go into the grape fields and actually pick and eat different grapes that they use for different wines!  after that boy we were pooped and we all fell asleep on the way home (except will, who was driving- thanks will!)  and then H/P came over and we played bomberman while will took a nap!  dinner reservations at skates at 845 and then back to our place for more bomberman.  ah yes, mafia as well...lets not do that again!   all in all, it was definitely a full day, relaxing and new experiences and then tired!!  today's my post-birthday (hehe) so we're going to have dimsum.  gotta milk it for all its worth! the boys are going to play golf this afternoon so i gotta hit the books.  but yah just wanted to fill ya'll in!  byee!