          Neils Children    Neils Children  are a brash, young threesome from the Home Counties and are attracting favourable write-ups in all manner of media outlets, from the conventional music press through to style mags.  The  NME  referred to them as  "druggy, extreme-Dickensian tinkers"  recently, so  3AM  felt obliged to sink a few pints in their company on the eve of the London date of their first UK-wide tour:  3AM: Youve received a lot of attention in the press of late but some readers might not know much about you, where are you from?  NC: We met at college in Harlow when two of us discovered we were actually from the same place, Cheshunt in Hertfordshire and had the same interests.    3AM: What did you study at college?  NC: Music.  3AM: Youve been tagged as one of these bands that are emerging from East London, is this a fair reflection on your sound?  NC: Not at all, its just lazy journalism.  I dont really know of any bands from East London, apart from Bloc Party who Ive a lot of time for.  That whole Shoreditch thing is over-rated, its just a good place to drink and watch bands, theres a lot of venues but Id be surprised if any of the bands playing in them were actually from there.  Its just a fashion tag, thats all.  3AM: How important is visual presence for you?  NC: Fairly important.  We make our own clothes, the visual presence is part of who were are as a band, no band can ever escape that.  Id like to think we had some artistic flair in what we do.  Music is an art, its a form of intelligence, we are artists in that regard.  Its not some wanky art school thing, pretentious bollocks or anything like that.  But we do have an art edge.  3AM: Do you get out of London much then?  NC: This is our first tour outside of London really, apart from a few European dates.  Weve been coast to coast and were exhausted now so were just looking forward to things calming down after tonight.  Its been a strain on my voice and the record label are worried I wont be right for this evening and tonights important as its the London date.  3AM: On one of your German dates, you played God Save The Queen while on a riverboat going down the Rhine.  Do you have a political edge or was it just referencing to the punk era?  NC: It was a joke, not a serious gesture at all.  We were on a boat going down the Rhine on Jubilee Day and we thought Why not? It was just to give the German audience a treat, I dont know if they got it or not.  Its just a bit of front, a laugh that seemed right at the time.    3AM: I cant help but notice one of you is wearing a Ken Livingstone badge, are you sure you dont have a political edge at all?  NC: He just likes badges! We just play music, I dont know enough about politics to claim any sort of edge really.  Its not something thats ever appealed to us.  Im 21 and Ive been able to vote for three years and no ones ever sent me an invitation to vote so thats how much they value my opinion.  3AM: Where do you musical reference points come from then? Punk, obviously.  NC: The freakbeat era holds a lot for me, Im big on that, it does something for all of us Id say.    3AM: The Creation and The Action, that sort of thing?  NC: Completely.  Those bands were something of a turning point, an exciting time for music, before then it was just bands playing beat music but then they began to experiment.  I like psychedelia, not that West Coast rubbish but the more darker British stuff.  Again that was a turning point, early Pink Floyd and the bands associated with their sound.  The Pop Art sound Id say.  3AM: What about later stuff?  NC: Post-punk, basically.  Other than freakbeat were mainly influenced by the post-punk sound, aesthetic and ethos, in fact were obsessed with it.    3AM: Which bands in particular?  NC: Public Image Limited, Gang of Four, The Slits, Delta 5, The Buzzcocks, thats our main sound.  3AM: In what other ways are you post-punk?  NC: Were angular, it comes across in our music and the way we dress.  The punk era was defined by random splodginess, but post-punk had more going for it and took account of other things that were going on at the time, dub reggae and the like.  Our freakbeat side is tempered by an adherence to a post-punk ethos, but at the same time theyre very similar for us.  Its just 'smart punk' rather than the pointless random side of punk that never really held much appeal for us.  3AM: Dont you think a lot of bands are going about referring to themselves as post-punk these days, though? What makes you different to those bands and other noisy guitar bands that are vying for attention at the moment?  NC: Well were not like The Libertines or The Strokes, so thats a good start.  We have a unique sound and I dont think Im over-stated in saying that as we draw on such a myriad of influences and reference points.  Those bands that we draw on heavily, the freakbeat and darker psychedelic bands dont sound like anything thats around today so as such neither do we.  3AM: What about the rawer punk sound, The Pistols and The Clash?  NC: Obviously that Pistols album was revolutionary for its time but everything that followed, fucking off to Brazil and performing with Ronnie Biggs, that was an absolute joke, wasnt it? A bit ridiculous really.  I think I have The Clashs first two albums but even then, theyre too straightforward rock and roll.  Thats why post-punk is so appealing, you didnt have to sound like a cardboard cut-out punk band to fit in.  It was just about the music but you could take in stuff like dub and psychedelia without worrying about anyone being down on you.  It had a punk edge but there was something else to it.  That whole 1977 stuff just sounds dated now.  3AM: Do you have any literary influences? I dont just mean in terms of your musical output but in everyday life?  NC: I dont really read fiction, I can only point to two books that have had a profound influence on me personally --  1984  and  A Clockwork Orange .  Im not grabbed by other stuff but Id say were an Orwellian band.   3AM: Well, were as much a literary website as a music one but I think the two are not mutually-exclusive.  NC: Dont get me wrong, I think websites are essential to furthering our cause.  From the websites weve spoken to on tour, Ive gleaned that they actually want to speak to us and are more passionate about music.  The more traditional music press only interview you because they have to and are getting paid for it.  Theres something more punk and original about what you guys are doing.  3AM: Your new single is called I Hate Models, care to explain?  NC: Its not a major statement, as such.  I mean, I dont know any models personally or anything.  It was just a symbol of our frustration at the way things are going, that whole Shoreditch thing, the pretentious side of the music industry where sound doesnt matter.  Were just tilting at wankers... we just want to play guitars.