           Mike Watt & The Secondmen on tour  From   Watt :  this   tour  is the final shake-down run for the songs for the illness piece,  the secondman's middle stand  - me and the secondmen are going to record it here in pedro at karma stuido a month after we get done rolling through these gigs. it should be in the stores by october. tourwise, it's the second time around w/pete and the third time w/jer but this time we're bringing the hammond b-3 organ so you folks can hear it like it supposed to sound - no synth kludge proxy like last tour. jer will be pounding his same drum kit as before but w/beefed-up kickdrum pedals, courtesy of pete. unfortunately, pete again can't do the whole tour due to commitments here in pedro but he can do the first six weeks. starting w/the hamtramack gig, paul roessler (me and him used to have a keyboard/bass duet called crimony in the late 80s) will play pete's organ for the final fifteen gigs. thank you, paul. hell - thank you pete and jer too! I've been very blessed to play w/some righteous peeps all down the years and am most grateful. by having paul aboard, it'll be a sortasecondmen thing and not a completely different band like last time when tom came to our rescue.  last tour we did the first three tunes from my illness piece. this time we will do the whole thing. the piece concerns the hellride the   illness  took me on starting january 25, 2000 and lasted for many months including thirtyeight days of violent fever and vomiting, an infection growing inside me like a baby, almost dying, emergency surgery and long painful recovery. a favorite book of mine as a teenager, dante's  divine comedy  loosely parallels my piece cuz it was much on my mind during all this. of course, it read much different so many years later in my middle forties than it did as a boy but the same inspiring feelings I got to plumb what was really on my mind in those days made just as much sense to me now, if even more so. you must remember dante was in his forties when he wrote his epic. I've read many translations (dante wrote in his native italian, bucking the convention of that day to write in latin) but here's an iteresting prose version by a.s. kline of the the comedy. dante actually wrote his piece in a poetic form he invented called terza rima (tertiary rhyme: aba/bcb/cdc) - threes dominate throughout. how more fitting for a powertrio from pedro? I've been inspired to organize the music along similiar lines w/some sick sixs and builder fives/sevens too. of course, three squared is nine so... anyway, it's not all about numbers - that sickness took a lot from me so I thought I should be able to take something back in return.  what better day to start a tour than on   d. boon's  birthday (april first)? he is much on mind these days as I attempt to come to grips w/the current mood. many times I find myself thinking  what would d. boon say  or  what would d. boon do  when I see some of the insane things going down in the name of whatever. such an intense war for our minds, people! thank god I can still pedal my bike and pluck my bass - much respect for folks w/free enough thinking to let me and my guys roll through your towns and come play for you. it is very, very kind of you all and I thank you much. I promise to wrestle my fucking brains out on the bass to the best of my abilities - you cats (and my guys) deserve nothing less.