          Rocket from the Tombs live  As some of you may know, as well and being part of Television and my own band, I have also joined a band called Rocket From The Tombs, or RFTT for short.  RFTT was a band out of Cleveland who included David Thomas (Pere Ubu), Cheetah Chrome (Deadboys), Craig Bell (Saucers) and Peter Laughtner.  They were responsible for getting Television to perform in Cleveland very early on, and they opened the show. (They also got in a big fight and broke up right after, and then all formed the other bands that they are better known for.) Unfortunately soon after, Peter Laughtner died, making a reunion difficult.  Sometime last year I was contacted to find out if I could join as guitarist to take Peter's place, and I said yes immediately. the music is somewhat like a cross between Alice Cooper & Led Zeppelin, with a big freaky Ozzy in front. We did one show earlier in Los Angeles.  At the rehearsals the band once again got in a big fight, with some bandmembers leaving the stage in a huff and others pouting, and I thought it might not get off the ground, but as showtime came around the band pulled together and ended up with standing ovations. (how, I will never know!).   Everybody had an almighty blast, and we all decided to do it some more (fights and all)  Rocket From The Tombs might soon be appearing in a town near you.   Confirmed dates are as follows:  Wed, June 4, Chicago, Abbey Pub Thu, June 5, Cleveland, Beachland Ballroom Fri, June 6, New York City, Village Underground Sat, June 7, New York City, Village Underground  As David Thomas has put it, "We like playing together but this is no reunion and the whole thing may blow apart at any moment so don't assume you can see it next year."  I concur.  You can read more about it at the   Ubu Projex  website.  May God bless, and good luck getting tickets to this one.  Peace, and Safety to you all.  Sincerely yours,  Richard Lloyd  PS  Television has 2 shows coming up in May in Madrid and Barcelona.