         The Horse Hospital, London, presents the creme of new books in a series of launches during May and June : for invitations please contact   james@thehorsehospital.com    THURSDAY MAY 29TH  BOOK LAUNCH - 7.30pm   Martyn Waites : Born Under Punches    published by Simon & Schuster   In the company of the author  One of the brightest stars in the British crime writing firmament  John J. Connolly  Set in the author's native north east and centring on the miners' strike of 1984 - this tautly-plotted thriller follows the intertwined lives of five characters all linked in various ways to the strike. Moving seamlessly between 1984 and the present day, Born Under Punches reveals the strike's unforeseen and devastating repercussions - not only for those directly involved, but for future generations too.  Born in Newcastle-upon-Tyne. Martyn Waites now lives in Essex. A former market trader; bar manager and stand-up comic, he is now a professional actor; a career he combines with writing.  Martyn is Writer in Residence at Huntercombe Young Offenders' Institution and author of MARY'S PRAYER,  LITTLE TRIGGERS,  & CANDLELAND   MONDAY JUNE 2ND  BOOK LAUNCH : 6.30pm   Iain Aitch : A Fte Worse Than Death  A journey through an English summer   Published by Headline Review    In the company of the author  A Fte Worse Than Death is a comical trip around England where Iain meets shin-kickers, crop circle makers, stag parties and a dog-bitten woman who asks him to marry her at Stonehenge. Iain witnesses the sailing of a Cornish pasty, plays cricket with trainspotters and gets all vitriolic about the horrors of Stratford Upon Avon. He also meets the very English Luftwaffe, visits both Pontins and Centerparcs and also attends more village ftes than it is healthy for one man to do.  Come for the guess-the-weight-of-the-cake competition and stay for the human fruit machine. There will also be a short reading by Iain as well as bunting, books and music.  About the Author : Born in Margate, Kent to the sound of a ropey tape recording of the Bow Bells  as all good Margatonians are, Iain was christened on the Scenic Railway and later renounced his faith in the River Caves. He didn't like school, school didn't like him and he got out of town as soon as he could. And no, he never slept with Tracey Emin. Somehow the evil people at the dole office tricked him into working there. It took some years to realise that, despite vastly improved blackjack skills, the job wasn't suitable. Inventor of World Phone in Sick Day, Aitch became a writer and began organising an annual drunken rampage by 60-odd Santa Clauses. Iain still writes for a host of newspapers and magazines, still needs to tidy up his office and lives in London.    http://www.iainaitch.com    THURSDAY JUNE 5TH BOOK LAUNCH - 6.30pm   The Air Loom Gang by Mike Jay    Transworld Publishers    In the company of the author  London, the 1790s. Europe has been turned upside down by the French Revolution and the bloody Terror that followed it. Plots, counterplots and conspiracies seem to be edging England into a disastrous war with France. Operating undercover across the city as a gang of revolutionary terrorists armed with a machine unlike any the world has ever seen. They call it the Air Loom.  The Air Loom works by animal magnetism, sending invisible rays to control the minds of its victims, forcing thoughts into their heads and tormenting them with unbearable agonies if they resist. The gang has control of the minds of politicians and generals and is bent on plunging France and England into war. The only man aware of the Air Loom Gang and their diabolical machine is a tea merchant from Wales called James Tilly Matthews. But Matthews is a long-term resident of the Bethlem Royal Hospital  Bedlam.  The Air Loom Gang tells James Tilly Matthews remarkable true story. Incarcerated in the worlds most notorious madhouse, his delusions became celebrated as the most complex and bizarre ever recorded. He remains one of the most famous cases in psychiatric history - the first man to believe that his mind was being controlled by an influencing machine. But the truth of his case was even stranger than his doctors realized: many of the incredible conspiracies in which he claimed to have been involved were entirely real.  I have never seen the logic of madness, of a particular delusion, presented so clearly and convincingly. The Air Loom Gang is a wonderful book to read, combining exceptional scholarship and psychological insight with deep empathy for the tormented but always gentle and dignified Matthews. And it is beautifully written, with all the drama, the rich characterization, the subtlety, of a fine novel. Oliver Sacks  About the author : Mike Jay is the author of The Air Loom Gang, Emperors of Dreams: Drugs in the Nineteenth Century, Blue Tide: The Search for Soma and Artificial Paradises: A Drugs Reader and editor of 1900: A Fin-de-Sicle Reader.    FRIDAY JUNE 6TH BOOK LAUNCH - 6.30pm   Victims By Travis Jeppesen   Published by Akashic Press   In the company of the author  "Victims may by the most exciting first novel I've read in a decade or more. This is a brilliant, haunting, and, strangest of all, very funny novel."  -- Dennis Cooper, author of Frisk  Victims is a novel about the final days of a religious cult called The Overcomers. Like the infamous Heaven's Gate cult whose mass suicide gained world media attention in the 1990s, they are a small group of lost souls guided by the teachings of a charismatic leader, Martin Jones. The Overcomers go about their lives preparing for the cosmic event that will signal the end of their time on earth. Their struggles to reconcile their faith in Jones's teachings with the emotional ups and downs of their relationships, jobs, and interactions with the natural world form the subject of this exquisitely written and highly original novel.  Based on extensive research into the rhetoric of religious cults, Victims is a novel of ideas in the tradition of modernist works like Magic Mountain and The Plague. Twenty-three-year-old author Travis Jeppesen uses an episodic narrative, an elegantly direct style, and a quirky, sympathetic group of characters to ponder a question raised by Jones's teachings: If friendship and love are just systems to instill comfort in our lives, are all human interactions acts of manipulation?  Victims is set in a rural America of the imagination informed by classic American values -- and cleansed of the mundane distractions that characterize American culture. Travis Jeppesen has written a novel with a philosophical bravura rarely seen in the work of contemporary American writers.  About the author : Travis Jeppesen was born in Ft. Lauderdale in 1979. His fiction and cultural criticism have appeared in Book Forum, 3am Magazine, The Stranger, and other publications, and he is a contributing editor to Pavement Magazine. Victims is his first novel. Having resided in Charlotte, Seattle, New York, Paris, Amsterdam, and Berlin, Jeppesen currently resides in an undisclosed Eastern European country.   THURSDAY JUNE 12TH BOOK LAUNCH - 6.30pm   Pamela Des Barres : IM WITH THE BAND- Confessions of a Groupie    Helter Skelter Publishing  In the company of the author  Long overdue return to print for the ultimate story of sex, drugs and rock n roll - The definitive groupie memoir from the ultimate groupie. Frank and engaging memoir of affairs with Keith Moon, Noel Redding and Jim Morrison, travels with Led Zeppelin as Jimmy Pages girlfriend, and friendships with Robert Plant, Gram Parsons  with whom she was particularly smitten, - and Frank Zappa.  Follow Miss Pamelas adventures as she loses her virginity to a member of Steppenwolf, hangs out with Cynthia Plastercaster, enjoys close encounters with many members of the eras rock aristocracy, founds the Zappa-esque all-girl group the G.T.O.s, tours with Led Zeppelin - Jimmy Page had dark chilling powers and kept whips in his suitcase  babysits Zappas kids, lives with Don Johnson and somehow survives.   Miss Pamela, the most beautiful and famous of the groupies. Her memoir of her life with rock stars is funny, bittersweet, and tender-hearted.  Stephen Davis, author of Hammer of the Gods   THE HORSE HOSPITAL COLONNADE BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC1N 1HX 020 7833 3644    popculture@thehorsehospital.com    www.thehorsehospital.com   Media it say :  " London's premiere underground and avant-garde centre. "   ( luxnewswire, May 2003 )   " The current home of London's avant-garde. "  ( Iain Aitch, London Evening Standard, 2002 )   " Londons most innovative test site for experimental film presentation. "  ( Ian White, Whitechapel and Tate curator. )   " One of London's finest venues; if you're ever in London it should be added to your must-see list. "  ( http://www.compulsiononline.com )   " where you find fresh expressions reaching for the sublime "   ( The Guardian Website, Feb 2002 )   " The showcase for the finest minds of its generation "   ( Res magazine, Toronto, 2003 )   " Modernidad extrema anclada en un marco antiguo. . El Hospital de Caballos se construy en 1797. A mediados del siglo 19 se reform y se declar edificio protegido. Desde entonces conserva su arquitectura. Nada cambi salvo que ya no da cobijo a carruajes y caballos. Sin embargo los inquilinos de entonces siguen estando presentes. Pero tambin es esta locura la que hace posible lugares como el Hospital de Caballos. Donde no existe la censura de lo polticamente correcto. Donde rige la idea de que slo traspasando normas y gustos establecidos puede nacer algo realmente innovador. "  ( No Solo Musica, Spain, 2002 )   " The diversity of films is immense - from pure abstract formal expression to hard-core, queer/dyke porn. kinoKULTURE started in 1996 and now has a large fan-base. Artists and writers are encouraged to select and present their film choice, frequently coinciding with exhibitions. Recent hosts have included Jack Sargeant, who wrote the cult movie books : Deathtripping - Cinema of Transgression, and Naked Lens - Beat Cinema, offering a rare opportunity to see controversial underground shorts from New York (1980s) and Chicago (1990s). Also performance artist Franko B., presenting favoured new British and Canadian work alongside hilarious gay porn from Denmark. Horse Hospital screenings recall the recently demolished and sorely missed London Film Makers Coop (LFMC) in Camden, and kinoKULTURE has gained official approval from the British Film Institute (BFI) in the past. "  ( Chris Barber, QX magazine, 2002 )   "The Horse Hospital is infinitely cooler because it comes from an organic mind-set and doesn't concern itself with any cosmetic bullshit," says Payne. "It doesn't give a f***, it just shows what it wants. Not like the ICA. For example, it would never dream of showing some sh**ty films and then getting Talvin Singh to bang a couple of tablas in front of it and charging 15 quid to get in. The Horse Hospital wouldn't do that, it would do something good, charge you five quid to get in and you'd have a lot more fun. I mean, f*** the ICA."   ( Oliver Payne, The Evening Standard, 2002 )