          Straight from the Horse's mouth, Volume One  Afternoon, Ladies, Gentlemen and Others,  Here is a basic introduction to myself and our services; I will be posting irregular bulletins about our activities forthwith. James B.L. Hollands.     The Horse Hospital   - where all paths converge -    Cited recently in  The Evening Standard  as ' London's Real Home Of The Avant-Garde ', and upon  The Guardian s website as ' The Alternative ICA ',  The Horse Hospital  was established by Roger K. Burton in 1992 as a three tier arts organisation providing an umbrella for the related media of film, fashion, art and music.   Comprising of:  The Chamber Of Pop Culture ( Visionary & Underground Art )  kinoKULTURE ( Video & Film Presentation )  The Contemporary Wardrobe Collection ( Street Fashion 1945 - 2001 ),  The Horse Hospital is a Grade Two listed, two-floor, purpose-built stable for 24 horses. Built originally in 1797 by James Burton, the building was redeveloped sometime after 1860, and retains many of its original features, such as concrete moulded ramps, mock cobbled floor and iron tethering rings. The Horse Hospital is a rare example of a historically charged building operating with contemporary critical value.The Chamber of Pop Culture is an independent, non-profit organisation promoting a living and hitherto rarely documented, and even more rarely seen, cutting edge strand of modern art; giving artists the context and support they are denied elsewhere. With over 50 exhibitions in the past 10 years, the artists, musicians and filmmakers who have shown and been shown in The Chamber of Pop Culture share no common aesthetic bond, other than a desire to work and exhibit outside of the practise and theory prevalent in contemporary art dialogue.  In 1996, we began kinoKULTURE, Londons only permanent screening club for cult, underground classics, subversive and experimental new works, exclusive premieres, features, documentaries, short films, pop promos, performance footage and more! With a track record pushing five hundred films in five years - juxtaposing the hysterical and the beautiful, the decadent and the minimal - kinoKULTURE is a television station without a TV, dedicated to peeling the boundaries of film presentation.   Prestigious organisations such as the BFI, the Hayward Gallery, the Victoria & Albert Museum, the Barbican Centre, the Shishedo Gallery in Tokyo, and the Brooklyn Museum of Modern Art in New York have all worked in conjunction with The Contemporary Wardrobe, The Chamber of Pop Culture and kinoKULTURE over the years giving the Horse Hospital international recognition, with the building and its exhibitions attract over 5000 visitors per year, with a relatively new but growing membership in excess of 1500. The building and its many diverse activities are supported by The Contemporary Wardrobe Collection, suppliers of unique pop fashion items to the film, TV and fashion industries. The Contemporary Wardrobe Collection is the sole, largest and most important free public access collection of street fashion and culture in Europe, housing over 15,000 important garments and accessories dating from 1945 to the present day, including many unique couture items.   With a huge archive of rare films and access to a definitive wealth of underground artists, performance artists, filmmakers, alternative musicians, photographers, fashion designers, and writers who participate in its success, The Horse Hospital is firmly established as    ' The UK's National Gallery Of Underground Art '    ( Francesca Gavin,    Dazed and Confused , June 2002 )  For further information on programme, aesthetic, patronage, availability or membership, please contact :  James B. L. Hollands ( 020 ) 7833 3644  popculture@btclick.com  www.thehorsehospital.com  Legacies : The future sustained  The Horse Hospital bridges the gap between unnecessary suffering and a healthy, more productive working life by promoting good artist management and training.    The Horse Hospital is about sharing knowledge, not retaining it. We demonstrate to artists how their basic requirements of life - food, water and shelter - are not only vital but also attainable with our practical help. Collaboration from the early stages of a project guarantees their understanding and co-operation, as well as their ultimate independence. The world in which we work will not change in the foreseeable future. The Horse Hospital aims to go wherever the need is greatest. Sustainability means freedom - freedom from suffering for the artists, freedom from dependence and freedom for The Horse Hospital to move on and make a difference to the lives of the next million artists and donkeys imprisoned by suffering and ignorance.   You, too, can make a difference   The Horse Hospital relies greatly on being included in wills. Around half our voluntary income is received this way. If you know that, when the time comes and you no longer need your worldly wealth, a percentage of it has been safely promised to The Horse Hospital, then you also know that you can and you will really make a difference.   Tidy up the loose ends   Take the opportunity to put your life in order: review your position; count your blessings. Make a tally of your assets. Then think of your family, your friends and The Horse Hospital. With the help of experts, writing or reviewing your will is not a difficult exercise, yet is so important. Make it that much easier for those who follow you and leave a legacy of care, not confusion. This way, you can make a difference to your own environment and make a difference to the rest of the world.   Your sustaining gift   By including The Horse Hospital in your Will, you will be sustaining our projects well into this millennium. You will be helping us to bridge the gap between unnecessary suffering and misery and a healthy, more productive working life for millions of artists.   They give one hundred per cent. How much can you give?   Information and help   Legacies to charities come in different forms: you can leave all or part of your estate remaining after family and friends have been looked after (residue); you can leave a lump sum (best made inflation-proof) (pecuniary); you can leave specific items (real estate, jewellery, antiques, shares). Remember that charities are exempt from tax, so you can also reduce the tax burden on your estate.   If you would like more advice or help about making or changing your Will, please contact  James B.L. Hollands on ( 020 ) 7833 3644 popculture@btclick.com