          New from   Akashic Books   1) FIREWATER, a green novel by Edward Cohen "This may not be the first environmental novel, but it’s the first one that produces belly laughs."   --MARY BRINGLE, author of Murder Most Gentrified [full book details below]  2) JONAH SEES GHOSTS, a novel by Mark Sullivan "A stunning look at the addictive personality of an adolescent boy in an alcoholic family." --LIBRARY JOURNAL [full book details below]  ************************  FIREWATER a green novel by Edward Cohen  $13.95, A Trade Paperback Original, 200 pages, ISBN: 1-888451-43-2 Publication Date: June 2003  Firewater is the first selection of the Akashic Rural Surreal series.  "A comic, surrealistic response to a very real problem: the collusion of government and big business to create ‘the science of death and the death of science . . .  a monoculture of death . . . A wild romp." --LIBRARY JOURNAL  "Eccentric, hilarious . . . This may not be the first environmental novel,  but it's the first one that produces belly laughs."   --MARY BRINGLE, author of Murder Most Gentrified  "All the feeling of Abbey in the words of Bukowski."   --JAMES RIDGEWAY, author of Blood in the Face  "From Bhopol to Chernobyl, from Love Canal to the polluted oyster flats of  the Northwest, Edward Cohen wards off depression by rapping the funny bone.  Here, where paranoia is no longer a disease, but a given of the human condition, Ed Cohen's hyperbolic imagination is an irreverent tonic."  --JOHN GARDINER, author of Great Dream From Heaven  FIREWATER is a brutally funny environmental suspense novel featuring CHIEF SHELLDRAKE, favorite son for the US presidency and last hope for the world's survival. A perfect anti-hero for the post-apocalypse, Shelldrake is equal parts RALPH NADER (in his zealous environmental activism), SITTING BULL (in his proud tribal loyalties), HUEY LONG (in his fiery demagogic populism), and  WILLIAM JEFFERSON CLINTON (in his unquenchable appetite for voluptuous young women).  EDWARD STONE COHEN (1937-1999) was born in Massachusetts and lived his final years toggling between two unique hotels, of which he and his wife were proprietors -- the Tabard Inn in Washington, DC, and the Moby Dick in Washington State. He was a tireless environmental activist.  ******  JONAH SEES GHOSTS a novel by Mark Sullivan  $13.95, A Trade Paperback Original, 196 pages, ISBN: 1-888451-04-1 Publication Date: July 2003  "Written with insight and compassion, this is a stunning look at the  addictive personality of an adolescent boy in an alcoholic family." --LIBRARY JOURNAL  "Mark Sullivan writes with beautiful, introspective clarity. In young Jonah,  he captures perfectly the conviction of perception that only the young  have." --HENRY ROLLINS  "Beset with the visions of a BOSCH, and the honesty of a HENRY MILLER,  Mark Sullivan's young protagonist faces the twenty-first century in bewilderment.  With the invention of this anti-hero all his own, Sullivan leaves us wiser in our admiration for his remarkable first novel." --JOHN ROLFE GARDINER, author of Great Dream from Heaven  JONAH SEES GHOSTS is a shocking, touching, and humorous debut novel  that blends magical realism with a figurative study of the ways alcohol abuse shapes the personalities within a family. Resembling a stylish blend of S.E. Hinton, Stephen King, and Tom McGuane, Jonah Sees Ghosts tells the story of fifteen-year-old Jonah Hart, a boy with a problem he's afraid to share: Not only does he see ghosts, but when he dreams at night, he leaves his body and travels in the ether -- a compellingly addictive form of retreat.  AS THE GHOSTS THAT PLAGUE HIM become more and more aggressive, Jonah withdraws into his dream world; when things there turn dangerous as well, the boy is forced to make a stand from the full depths of abandonment and isolation in a last stab at redemption. At its heart, Jonah Sees Ghosts is a story of love within dysfunction and the adaptability of the human spirit.  MARK J. SULLIVAN, III is a writer and a musician. He lives in Brooklyn, New York, with his wife and two sons and is currently working on his second novel, Angel, Fallen from Heaven.  contact: Johanna Ingalls Akashic Books PO Box 1456 New York, NY  10009 Akashic7@aol.com www.akashicbooks.com