          3AM Magazines Leaving the 21st Century   a clash of literature and rock and roll   Saturday 26 July 2003 - Horse Hospital, Colonnade, Bloomsbury, London WC1  Pioneering online culture journal 3AM (a dream publication for the young, literary and clued-up  The Times) is hosting its first shindig at Londons Horse Hospital (The UKs National Gallery of Underground Art  Dazed and Confused) on Saturday 26 July 2003.  Curated by 3AMs Andrew Gallix, Richard Marshall and Andrew Stevens, the event promises to thrill, chill and spill into the subconscious of this summer.  The confirmed line-up so far is (in alphabetical order):  Steve Aylett Surreal satirist author of The Inflatable Volunteer, Slaughtermatic and Bigot Hall.  Nicholas Blincoe Author of White Mice, Manchester Slingbacks and The Dope Priest.  Editor (with Matt Thorne) of All Hail the New Puritans.  Frank Chickens Multimedia artist of many talents.  Billy Childish (Live Set) Progenitor of the garage rock revival and member of Thee Headcoats and The Buff Medways.  Author, poet and artist.  Matthew Collings Modern art critic, broadcaster (This Is Modern Art  Channel 4) and author (Blimey and Art Crazy Nation)  Vic Godard Subway Sect frontman.  Preethi Nair Author of Gypsy Masala and One Hundred Shades of White.  Kerri Sharp Author of Wicked Words and Black Lace.   Richard Strange Solo singer-songwriter, former frontman of legendary punx the Doctors of Madness and author of Strange: Drunks and Punks, Kicks and Flicks.    Mitzi Szereto (and contributors) Erotica author  Erotic Fairy Tales and Erotic Travel Tales.  Matt Thorne New Puritan author of Child Star and Tourist.  Editor (with Nicholas Blincoe) of All Hail The New Puritans.  Paul Tickell Film director  Crush Proof and Christy Malrys Own Double Entry.  Steven Wells Legendary NME hack, video director and author of Tits Out Teenage Terror Totty!  Tommy Udo Author of Vatican Bloodbath.  The event will run from 6pm to 11.30pm.  DJs and bar.  Entry: 5 all night  More: contact Andrew Stevens on 07952 164750 or astevens@3ammagazine.com  See for yourself  http://www.3ammagazine.com/ http://www.thehorsehospital.com/