          More Than Music Festival   FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  March 29, 2003  Columbus, Ohio  Organizers have announced that the 11th Annual More Than Music Festival will take place in Columbus, Ohio on July 11th and 12th, 2003.  The event will be held at The Factory, a prestigious multi-stage/multi-room venue that will allow the hosting of music, art, film, and speaker/discussion led panels and workshops.  During the past ten years, More Than Music has undergone much change, innovation, and diversification  each year simultaneously reflecting and building upon the present community through the medium of a music festival. A music festival not only intent on showcasing performers large and small (for More Than Music has always served as a proving ground for many of the underground scenes up-and-coming bands, who soon exploded into national prominence) but whose profits are always extended to benefit local and national organizations/projects. For its eleventh and final year, More Than Music embraces experience and evolution to showcase the spirit and excitement of the event, artist and audience combined.  More Than Music has certainly lived up to its name, creating a forum where music itself can be the medium that brings people together, and where a discussion of politics can move beyond the rhetoric of government or activism and into the realms of philosophy, aesthetics, ethics, ethnicity, environment, and the choices we make every day.  Appearing at previous festivals have been the Carbon Defense League, Ruckus Society, Lost Film Collective, as well as workshops and discussion panels led by renowned graffiti artists and many, many prominent activists.  More Than Music 2003 casts the net wider to reach out across different genres and scenes in order to forge links between them. In doing so its recognized that many of the same ethics and Do It Yourself attitudes are shared between the hip-hop, techno, indie, noise, industrial, metal, jazz, and hardcore scenes.  More Than Music has showcased 250+ artists and speakers over the past decade, including groups such as Adult, Avail, Blood Brothers, Bratmobile, Converge, Delta 72, The Faint, Get Up Kids, Hot Water Music, Jets to Brazil, Lightning Bolt, The Locust, Milemarker, Party of Helicopters, The Promise Ring, Q and Not U, Rainer Maria, The Rapture, Shellac, Suicide, and The Walkmen.  The lineup for More Than Music 2003 will be announced in the upcoming weeks.  More Than Music has received press coverage in Alternative Press, Spin Magazine, Black Book, Village Voice, Rolling Stone, Stuff and on MTV2.  Spin calls it an indie nerds wet dream, and Stuff says, Looking for the future of rock?  Come here and see the best of the underground.  The beneficiaries of the festival include Food Not Bombs, Project Open Hand, Kaleidoscope Youth Coalition, Central Ohio Abortion Access Fund, Buckeye Regional Anti Violence, and Amnesty International.  To request a media kit on this event or to line up coverage and/or press passes, please contact Peter Bottomley of Skyscraper Media at 303-544-9858 or peter@skyscrapermedia.net.   www.morethanmusic.org www.factorycolumbus.com www.skyscrapermedia.net