         This Saturday 30th and next Saturday 6th @  The Horse Hospital   SATURDAY 30TH AUGUST  DOORS 7.30pm  7 / 5   BARBARIA   An Evening Of Post-Zionist Video Curated by Tai Shani   UK PREMIERES OF FUCKIN PUNK ROCK ART FILMS FROM TEL AVIV   Boysgirls : Noaz Deshe 30 mins 2000  French Film : Keren Cytter 15 mins 2001  Satan Is My Father : Michael Hanegbi 25 mins 2002  Family : Keren Cytter 5 mins 2002  The Radicals : Joshua Simon 23 mins 2001  Freeland : Rona Yefman 14 mins 2001   plus the kinoKULTURE DO NOT MISS FILM OF THE MONTH   Search Agent Zerox : Noaz Deshe 60 mins 2001   For further details go to   www.thehorsehospital.com     THE BOGSIDE ARTISTS     EXHIBITION  September 8th - 4th October 2003, Mon - Sat 12 - 6   Private View Saturday September 6th, doors 7.30pm    FREE DERRY COMES TO LONDON   The Horse Hospital is honoured to present Northern Irelands The Bogside Artists.    The group, comprising of Tom Kelly, Kevin Masson and William Kelly, are famous for their murals in the area of Derry, Northern Ireland, known as Free Derry Corner. These large-scale murals explicitly depict key images of the Troubles in the city since 1968. This exhibition of their work is a chronicle of those events within the struggle that the artists consider to have been the most significant during the last thirty years.  Displayed in installation as vast 12 x 9 foot vinyl hangings, the original murals were created as powerful re-presentations of a photographic moment of profound local symbolism, funded through donations of paint, supplies and door to door collections from the residents of the buildings they grace. Although the exhibition has toured widely throughout the world to great success, this is the first show in England for the artists, as the material has hitherto been seen as too delicate and controversial for exhibition within mainland Britain.  The works are a moving testament to the power of art as historical document; the importance of documentation within the history of art, and the power of art within society; a creative process that situates the past as something we must acknowledge within the present, and from which we can draw strength.   "We do not play down the contextual significance that lends itself to the work. Neither are we militant propagandists, tribal fantasists or proponents of the us-versus-them delusion that is still causing such evils around the world."   Tom Kelly, Kevin Masson and William Kelly : The Bogside Artists.  For further details, information or photos,   please contact James B.L. Hollands  ( 020 ) 7833 3644    THE HORSE HOSPITAL COLONNADE BLOOMSBURY LONDON WC1N 1HX  Russell Square tube     popculture@thehorsehospital.com     www.thehorsehospital.com