           Zine culture   At the   3AM   bash the other week (where I was municifently trashed, so I am surprised I can remember) Jimmy Bullet of the   Cheap Trash Poetry   zine (and husband of one of the DJs at the Maggie Fortune reading events in Whitechapel -- top night!) put a handful of his zines into my hand and requested a review on   3AM   .  Jimmy actually sold a record number of zines at our event, which just goes to show in my opinion.  I know it's tough as a zine editor -- I put out a couple in the early 90s and you have to contend with moody Goths who control the printing press, snarling punks who think you're an effeminate indie kid cos you've got an interview with a band who use a keyboard in there, crusties who want copies for free at gigs as the're saving their money for cider, petulant wasters who hassle you to review their atrocious demos... oooh never again! Although we couldn't stretch to a full review on here given the demands on all our time now we are an online publication of substantial cachet (I am now being deluged with all kinds of crap from people who just want to see their name in print but have nothing in particular to say...), I do feel obliged to provide some kind of plug so here goes...  There's five or six editions of   Cheap Trash Poetry   , which is seemingly a Brighton-based zine (though it gives a Blackheath address in the latest one -- perhaps they've moved?).  As you'd expect it's the usual designedly tatty and scrappy D.I.Y. montage of poetry, rants and interviews (Billy Childish and Sexton Ming, natch) -- you can either order (with an A4 SAE) from 44 Beaconsfield Villas, Brighton BN1 6HD (1.50 each or a fiver for the lot) or log on to    their site   for more info.  I'm actually quite surprised (yet encouraged) to see the zine scene's still alive within these shores -- I thought the net had eliminated but the need and the impetus for this kind of publishing.  I guess as long as the youth feel alienated and creative then that's not the case...