          20,000 Leagues Under the Industry Film Fest  You want good art? Cleveland film impresario Matthew T. asks rhetorically, if a bit insistently. Then make it yourself.  Thats pretty much the entirety of the whys and wherefores of the 20,000 Leagues Under the Industry Film Festival, which this year marks its fourth Cleveland happening. The festival, a joint venture between T. and Hollywoods Marcel DeJure, began in 2000 at the defunct arts center Speak In Tongues on Clevelands Near West Side and marks its third annual showing at Collinwoods Beachland Ballroom this August 22 through 24. It also has played in Marcels hometown, and will again this Thanksgiving weekend at the Echo Park Film Center. 	 We began 20K because we saw a need in Cleveland that had to be filled, explains Matthew T. No one else was, or is, showing the type of work we screen.  DeJure has his own take. I would like us to play a part in distributing movies that deserve more attention then they are getting, he says. Also more films by women, people of color, youth, and more diverse material.  As a mainly two-person operation, he notes, I think we cover a lot of ground. Thats indisputable. With its title provided by a friend of Marcels on set regarding their position in the film biz  Marcel has worked for over 13 years as a lighting technician on films, music videos and commercials, as well as theater and live events, and also has a puppet troupe and product line known as Cinnamon Roll Gang  the duos initial motivation was to give Clevelanders an opportunity to view work they would not have seen otherwise. In that spirit, they have maintained a DIY ethic balanced against the need to reach out to the community-at-large while defying class structure. (Works are presented on their own merits and the festival is not wrapped in any dogma.)  With minimal staff and no funds, 20,000 Leagues this year made the foray into an open call for submissions to complement the work the pair scours various film festivals to find.  We scavenge off other festivals, hunting and stalking film- and videomakers in theaters, skateboard shops, burrito stands, under rocks, on subways, Marcel says, mostly serious. You know  we ask a lot of questions and are very good listeners. If all else fails, the phone, Internet and flyering are handy as well. The scene crosses borders, and theres a vast world of entertainment out there waiting for your eyes and ears. While not the main focus of this years programming, an important mission for the founders was to reach out to younger filmmakers. To that end, they have added a program of films made by young people, along with a program suitable for young people.   The film scene in Cleveland has a lot of room to grow, enthuses Marcel. This year, we are giving away a Super 8 camera and a cartridge of film to a youth, with the hopes of doing our part to help spawn fresh talent.  We really care, he adds, and were not too proud to prove it.  AS IF TO PROVE JUST THAT, 20K2K3 showcases the profiles-in-courage interview feature D.I.Y. or Die: How to Survive as an Independent Artist by L.A.s Michael W. Dean.  Dean, who has been featured in Film Threat magazine and has guest-lectured at places including Cal Arts and the Los Angeles Museum of Contemporary Art, also has written a book called $30 Film School (Muska & Lipman), a complete start-to-finish course on no-budget, drive-by digital filmmaking. With around 20 well-known, lesser-known and unknown musicians, artists, writers, sculptors and so forth, D.I.Y. or Die examines the basic questions facing those who just have to create, economic reality be damned.  As Dean puts it, I wanted to interview my heroes, and my unknown buddies, and put them side by side with no star-system separation. Our little video is all about finding the common thread in artists who make cool stuff regardless of a paycheck.  Similarly, the festival will present a true rarity  an underground feature-length film, Hood Rats by Ecuadorian Angeleno Edgar Arellano, shot with nine cuts on 10 rolls of film in three days. (DeJure calls it raw and exciting.) Though operating without even a meager budget, Arellano managed to put together a gritty, realist version of typically stylized urban exploitation fare, and with a largely Latino cast and crew to boot.  One other feature puts an entirely different spin on these same issues, Northwest by Coan Buddy Nichols and Rick Charnoski. Northwest is an intriguing glimpse at two companies of independent skate-park contractors, wholly comprised of skaters, who made their vision a reality starting in Portland, Oregon, and have since constructed parks in numerous cities and towns nationwide.  Nichols and Charnoski, who also are showing a shorter film, Asbury, depicting a group of skaters last ride in a pool being demolished in Asbury Park, New Jersey, started making films together in 1999 with Fruit of the Vine, a look at the world of backyard pool skating, and since have traveled around filming new stuff and doing screenings like the old surf film guys. (Perhaps unsurprisingly, the pair notes that they enjoy skating, traveling, filming Super 8 and meeting new people.)  AS FOR THE KIDS, this years 20,000 Leagues is delighted to present a series of works by young filmmakers, many under the aegis of Austin, Texas Center for Youth Cinema, which provides educational resources and training in film and video production for youths ages 11-18. Of these, the highlight may be 15-year-old Natalie Astons Robert Bider: Master Thespian, after a viewing of which one may never look at child actors the same way again. The star of Master Thespian, by the way, also is the director or co-director of three of the other shorts featured by the CYC: Toycar and French Restaurant, with Duncan Knappen, in the first of which two very young boys take moms car for a joyride (in the second, two older boys hatch a plan to acquire a big-screen TV); and Clicker Boy, wherein a young boy uses his remote control to make his world his own. CYC also presents a mockumentary called Rattlehead: Heavy Metal is God, which is fairly self-explanatory. The films cover a wide variety of styles, scenes and sounds, and it is often difficult to remember they were made by teens and preteens.  20K VETERANS SHOULDNT FRET, HOWEVER  though Matthew T. and Marcel DeJure maintain that underground does not necessarily mean subversive, they have not forgotten to include compelling work that may titillate as well as entertain, and possibly shock.  One of 20K2K3s surefire hits, for example, is Pornographic Apathetic by L.A.s T. Arthur Cottam, whose Beer Goggles was, hands down, last years bust-out success. Described as a satirical look at the desensitizations of sex through pornography, the five-and-a-half-minute Pornographic Apathetic features four actors ad-libbing would-be dialogue from porn films, with nary an expression or emotion in sight. (The films recently won the Christopher Wetzel Award for Independent Film Comedy at the Gene Siskel Film Center.) The goal remains to entertain, T. comments, because work is work, after all.  T., a noted and well-traveled indie filmmaker himself  he began filming in 1994, when a friend and co-worker gave him his first Super 8 camera and said, Now youre a filmmaker, lives a life of unsteady freelance work in commercial film production, and has had several of his works play literally all over the world in festivals both large and small  knows his field well. Ask him what constitutes an independent film, and he has this to say:  For me, its a film that was made completely outside of any studio system, and that the filmmaker had as complete control on the process as could be. That is not to say a million-dollar film is not independent; but if that film is made by committee with market concerns in mind, it is not really independent ... That is why the distinction underground is often used. These films are not necessarily subversive, just removed from Hollywood/indiewood concerns and style, generally speaking. 	 This years 20,000 Leagues carries on that tradition with selections such as Philadelphias Kate McCabes award-winning semi-documentary Go-Go Rama Mama, a look at the inside world of strippers and how they earn their tips. (McCabe received her masters in Experimental Animation from Cal Arts, has worked with world-renowned independent filmmakers, and is herself an award-winning veteran of many experimental and underground film festivals.)  Theres also Brooklyn, New Yorks Becky Goldbergs Hot and Bothered: Feminist Pornography, a look into the empowerment theories behind that artform. Her directorial debut, which she spent two years creating, Hot and Bothered has garnered a Haig Manoogian Production Grant and a Chicago Underground Film Fund Grant. (Shes currently fund-raising for her next feature-length documentary.)  	 Another eye-opener is David Chalkers Hypocrite, in which an actress plays cinema itself, literally kicking the audience around, thanks to a special camera housing the filmmaker devised. Hypocrite, Chalkers latest film, won the Grand Prize Golden Gate Award for Best Bay Area Short Film at the 2002 San Francisco International Film Festival, along with the Most Innovative Short Film Award at the Tiburon International Film Festival, has screened in over 20 festivals worldwide and has been broadcast on PBS. (Chalker also has shot various other projects, including a museum installation that won the First Place Award at the Irish Museum of Modern Art. He has worked on dozens of features, shorts, commercials, music videos and documentaries, and also is a director of the Hip-Hop Film Festival, a touring festival that has screened films all over the country.)  20,000 LEAGUES UNDER THE INDUSTRY  the brainchild of Clevelands own Matthew T. and Hollywoods Marcel DeJure  truly offers something for everyone. A final quick rundown would include black humor, outstanding and innovative animation, existential examinations, depressing slices of humanism, farces, spoofs, fake commercials and mockumentaries, straight-out art explorations, radical political commentary, and a whole lot of stuff that defies description:  Standout politically oriented works include Austin, Texas Jason Archer and Paul Becks pair of satirical painted shorts, The State of the Union and Homeland Hodown, from artists who helped animate Richard Linklaters Waking Life and music videos for artists including former Talking Head David Byrne. (The State of the Union was acclaimed Best Animated Film at the 2002 Chicago Underground Film Festival.)  Then theres Guerrilla News Networks Stephen Marshalls Countdown, examining the stranglehold corporations have on media, along with Marshalls When the Smoke Clears, a poetic dissing of modern hip-hops mores, or lack therof, set to the propulsive beat of Dead Prezs Hip hop. (GNN also presents The War Conspiracy, the tale of Berkeley professor Peter Dale Scotts suppressed 1970 book about the CIA.)  Animation and related fare includes Brooklyns Julia Sarcone-Roachs whimsical Call of the Wild, featuring any number of quirkily drawn small, fuzzy animals connected by a party line and their dreams; and New Yorks John R. Dilworths The Mousochist  The story of a mouse who could not control his impulses.  Dilworth, an animation director and designer whose work has appeared on CBS, Showtime, HBO, FOX, Cartoon Network, Nickelodeon, MTV, Canal +, and Arte, is the founder of Stretch Films, Inc., a leading design and production animation studio. His 1995 animated short film The Chicken From Outer Space, was sponsored by Hanna-Barbera and Cartoon Network, and was nominated for an Academy Award, an Annie Award and a CableACE Award. (Dilworth has also produced and directed 12 independent short films that have screened worldwide and won numerous awards. His work has appeared in Spike & Mikes Festival of Animation and Sick & Twisted, with the 1995 Lollapalooza Music Festival, and was chosen to open the feature film Crumb in Montreal, Canada.) Plus the utterly fantastical Plain English by Baltimores John Standiford, which features herky-jerky, grainy images speaking lines from an ESL course in a restaurant in Japan.  Chilling and bleak films number The Sandpit and the Disappearance of Kerry Sommers by New Yorks Jake Magher, a purportedly true story put together from bits of home videos that will keep you up late into the night, and Estranged by New Yorks Todd Downing, based on Joe Franks radio play Rent a Family, the tale of a lonely woman alone in a big house.  (Downing received his MA in Media Studies at New Yorks New School. His work has a diverse and loyal cult following for its dark humor and originality, appealing not only to the underground film community, but also to film and culture scholars, as well as numerous gay and straight film festival attendees. His films have been profiled in an array of press, as well as media outlets such as National Public Radio, MTV Brazil, Channel 4 [London], Canal +, and the Japanese version of Good Morning America. He was recently named one of the Six Best Directors Youve Never Heard Of by SHOUT magazine and has received multiple grants from the Creative Capital Foundation, The New York Foundation for the Arts and The New York State Council on the Arts.)  Plus films by Clevelanders, enough for a program of their own. These include Jack Yagers The Devil Was Hot, based on a short story by Charles Bukowski (its Yagers second film, following eight years of industry work, including stints with American Splendor and Welcome to Collinwood); Application Counter, an examination of Cleveland, inspired by its neighborhoods, by P.J. Doran and Matthew Wascovich, an industrial-themed visual artist and writer, respectively; Valley Sketches by Damon Nathaniel Smith and Tobias Morrison; Wake, by Nora Hartlaub; and What Grows in the Ashes of this Garden by the Budakid collective, examining the Temple of Lost Love, which is now itself lost. The films run the gamut, ranging from frankly cinematic, to expressionistic, to realistic, and everywhere in between.  Also showing are works by Clevelands indie-film ambassador Robert C. Banks Jr., who needs no further hype, and The Wolfman by former Clevelander Sean Carney, who currently calls Hollywood home but is returning for 20,000 Leagues to perform the score of his film live  as he has, most notably, at Totalfest in Missoula, Montana.  Cleveland lacks a media arts center like many other towns have, Matthew T. points out in closing. I dont know why. A media arts center would supply gear and classes for filmmakers ... It is hard when you are using equipment that is considered obsolete, such as Super 8. I would like to encourage more filmmakers to do their own work and form their own ideas.  Hence   20,000 Leagues Under the Industry Film Festival.  Every town should be so lucky.