          Poets Helping Poets: Benefit for Todd Colby, Elizabeth Zechel & Melissa Piechucki!   On November 19, a fire on Monitor Street in Greenpoint, Brooklyn destroyed the home and possessions of Soft Skull poet Todd Colby, his wife Elizabeth Zechel, and their neighbor and friend Melissa Piechucki. Please join us for a great night of music and poetry to help them create a new home!  Bowery Poetry Club 308 Bowery (across from CBGBs) New York, NY  http://www.bowerypoetry.com http://www.softskull.com   Sunday, December 14 at 8:00pm   Suggested donations at the door: $5, $10, $25, $50, $100. Plus $2 raffle tickets to win pairs of tickets from the Joyce Theater, the Bowery Poetry Club, CDs, books and more!   MUSIC by...   King Missile III with John S. Hall Gordon Gano of the Violent Femmes Rebecca Moore Alice B. Talkless Matthew Wascovich & Brian Straw with Todd Colby Tobi Joi   READINGS by...   Hal Sirowitz Maggie Estep Brendan Lorber Sharon Mesmer Regie Cabico Cat Tyc David Cameron Lisa Miller Karen Randolf Hal Sirowitz Karen Randolf T. Cole Rachel Brenda Coultas Marcella Durand Anne Elliot Daniel Nester Justin Theroux Michael Portnoy & Marrianne Vitale of the Yogurt Boys Edwin Torres Dana Bryant Celena Glen Tracey McTague Thad Rutowkski Dawn Saylor Jo Ann Wasserman   SPONSORS/DONATORS   Soft Skull Press Bowery Poetry Club Gammon Records & Jordan Trachtenberg Slow Toe Publications 3AM Magazine Skanky Possum Press Boog City Lungfull! Ugly Duckling Presse Arthur Magazine LIT Unpleasant Event Schedule Call: Review (John Most) Pagan Place Zine (Merry Fortune) Eric Baus Eileen Tabios Joshua Beckman Noah Eli Gordon Susan Mills Poetz.com/NYC Poetry Calendar St. Mark's Poetry Project Kitty Magik Magazine  Great books and zines will be on sale! All proceeds go directly to Todd, Elizabeth & Melissa!  If you are a small press or magazine and would like to donate copies to sell, contact shanna@softskull.com.  To donate before the event, contact shanna@softskull.com. Monetary donations, checks and gift certificates in Todd, Elizabeth, or Melissa's names will be accepted and are most welcome! Donations via credit card will also be accepted.   To make a donation on behalf of the other families affected by the fire, contact the NY Red Cross at http://www.nycredcross.org.