          RIP writer/artist/teacher/poet Jeff Nuttall  .... who died on 4 January. He was most famous for his 1968 work  Bomb Culture , one of the coolest beatnik books, detailing the rise of the underground.   I had the pleasure of playing in a band (Brigandage) with Jeffs son Tim who, seemingly living out his father's work, was definitely part of the capitals mid-80s underground.   At that time, Tim lived in a semi-derelict Victorian housing association place-cum-squat. It made the  Withnail and I  abode look like a glittering palace  and, indeed, some of the behaviour that went on there made Richard E Grants character look like a lightweight.   Peering through his mop of curly ginger hair, and displaying a natural cant-be-bothered ambience, Tim embodied the prevalent all-over-the-fucking-place Camden squatter ethos.  He spent much of his time poncing money, staring at the wall, growing his fingernails, and trying not to waste his time on superfluous activities like washing or eating.  He also liked his liveners  too much, sometimes. I remember heading round to his gaff to pick him up for a gig. The way his eyes rolled in different directions alerted me to the fact that something was slightly awry with our Timbo. When he started talking in tongues and flinching from invisible blows, I realised the crazy fool had overdone the speed, and psychosis had set in. One of the symptoms of Tims disorder was the belief that he needed to piss constantly, and the cab ride from Camden to the Fulham Greyhound was eventful, to say the least. The cabbie wasnt best pleased to have a raving loon in the back for starters, and his mood rapidly went downhill after being asked to stop every few hundred yards so that Tim could try to empty his already empty bladder. Unfortunately, our boys self-awareness and co-ordination was not what it should have been, and the image of Tim careering back to taxi in Green Park with trousers round his ankles, cock flapping in the breeze, is an enduring one.  Despite all that kind of malarkey, Tim was  and still is hopefully (sorry if this is starting to sound like his obit)  a very talented bloke. Check out the Brigandage tape-only release ( FYM   on FO Records, contact me for details. Rare.) if you dont believe me  or, ask Roland Gift who, before joining the Fine Young Cannibals, used to jam with Tim.   So, Tim, sorry to hear about your dad. And, if youre reading this, have you got that tenner I leant you back in 1986? But, hey, dont worry about your share of the cab money to the Greyhound that time  Next week: the day Pinky, future wife of  Ripped and Torn  writer AL, OD-ed on Tuinal, fell several floors from her tower block squat, and woke up next day in a big metal rubbish bin. Oh, how everyone laughed.   Richard Cabut