           Event Report   The  3AM  'New Rock and Roll'   Xmas Bash  on 30 December was very well-attended, with a keen and eager crowd packing out the   Aquarium Gallery  in the Euston district of North London.    Myself ,   Andrew Gallix  and   Richard Marshall  curated the event and  3AM  Co-Editor   Bertie Marshall  was also in attendance.  First up was   Black Amber  author Alex Wheatle, who read from his novel  The Seven Sisters  -- a tense account of life in a children's home.  He was followed by   Ali Catterall , who give an amusing account of an encounter with Southeast London celebrity gangster Dave Courtney.  East London's favourite purveyor of banned lesbian fiction   Charlotte Cooper  then gave an 'interactive' talk on the pitfalls of life within a multinational corporation, with several audience members walking away with all manner of executive toys and corporate promos.  In an unscheduled appearance, the legendary   Stewart Home  gave a (very) brief reading, which (some might say) made up for Mark Simpson and Tony White cancelling at the last minute.  We were then treated to a lively talk from   Matthew Collings , which we felt was something of a coup for  3AM  as we're fans of his recent high profile TV work.    Preethi Nair , whose  One Hundred Shades of White  is released next Monday, gave an inspirational account of how she fled the world of management consultancy to become a novelist.    Paul Crooks  was able to give us an interesting reading from his intensively-researched novel  Ancestors .   Toby Litt ,   Matt Thorne  and   Ben Richards  provided some top drawer contemporary British literary talent to the evening, airing short stories.  Finally, we were fortunate enough to have   Daren King  read a few sections of his eagerly-awaited  Jim Giraffe , which is likely to figure highly in 2004 British publishing.  Sorry, I can't be more descriptive but it's New Year's Day and my head is still somewhat in bits from the festivities last night.  A fuller account will appear on the main site in the near future and the pictures from the event remain on Andrew Gallix's digital camera until he returns to Paris in a few days' time.  Fortunately, photoblogger   Yuki  was   on hand  to get a   few snaps  of the night.  In all, (aside from the beer supply running out) we felt the event was a success and would like to thank the authors who gave readings and those who turned up to hear them -- who now want more  3AM  events in 2004 by all accounts.  I think we can manage that...