          Myths of 3AM  I won't embarass the poor student by mentioning them by name, but recently I had an email enquiry asking about the possibility of interning at  3AM  as a means to boost their student journalism portfolio (hey, it's a tough jobs market, I know).   You mean you think we have an office?  Somewhere you could actually turn up to on a morning and work? If only.  It's flattering and actually more commonly assumed than you might think (unless you're assuming it, I suppose).  The other common assumption is that we are in a position to pay people who write for us (erm, read the   guidelines  section).  Again, a case of 'if only' -- do you think we'd have that dated mast-head if we were a commercial concern with an image to think about? Who do you think we are, the  Paris Review ? (actually, the mast-head will be revamped, soon)  So what would a  3AM  office look like? Assuming we existed on, let's say, an Arts Council grant with a bit of Lottery funding thrown in for good measure, it'd actually be quite difficult to have one single office, given that our editors are spread across Europe and North America.  So we'd need a London office, a Paris office, a New Orleans office, a New York office and a Calgary office, even.  That's a lot of phone bills and rent, not to mention a lot of office parties at Xmas.  The IT budget alone would require a generous donation from a philanthropic source.  But let's stick to this fantasy realm anyhow.  Would the office be plush and Conde Nast? Of course not, it'd be grotty and flea-bitten, like the site.  There'd be piles of CDs and books, waiting to be reviewed by me... letters from American students wanting to intern, being answered by American interns... the drinks cabinet would be well-stocked too, of course.  The waiting room would be a veritable constant literary gathering as authors and musicians chewed the cud while waiting for Richard Marshall to get round to interviewing them... Richard Cabut and Bertie Marshall would be arguing the toss over who said what in 1977... me and Andrew Gallix would be bickering over some editorial issue and then decide to sod it and go down the pub to indoctrinate the interns into a life of alcoholism... actually, there'd be too many distractions, nothing would ever get done.   3AM  would probably fold in a month.  The Arts Council would demand their money back.  So there you have it.   3AM  has an office -- cyberspace.  Like literary mags of years gone by ( Merlin , for instance), its personnel do their business wherever they find inspiration.  An author once said to me that the reality is actually more fascinating than the myth in terms of the four guys who put the site together -- a politics lecturer at the Sorbonne, a deputy headteacher in West London, an East London-based government relations manager for a Japanese organisation and a web designer in Calgary.  After I've thought about why there's so many people at  3AM  that are called either Richard or Andrew or have the surname Marshall (though HP, Utahna and Wasco more than make up for that), I'll drop the student a line and see if there's anyone in my contacts book who might be able to assist them in their noble goal.   3AM  -- it's not how we define it, it's how others perceive it.  OK, enough self-indulgent wankery for today.