           The Meaning of Love    Platinum Eyelash:		  Hello again.  Starfishmilkshake:		 I knew you would come.  Platinum Eyelash:		 You gave me a ball of thread and asked me to run with it.  Starfishmilkshake:		 I am glad you did.  Platinum eyelash:	  That is very sweet of you to say.  I like the idea that we have started this perpetual conversation. It's like an object rather than a thing that stops and starts.  Starfishmilkshake:		 It's what I was telling you about.  Platinum Eyelash:		 Yes, you're right.  Starfishmilkshake:	 A conversation piece. You add, subtract, conjugate, contemplate, obfuscate, and hand over to the other for examination, analysis, re-fabrication, and re-transmittal.  Platinum Eyelash:	 Meld, wield, forge, manipulate, comprehend, consider, decipher, loll within, ping-pong, dissect, disintegrate, and renew.  Starfishmilkshake:		 And possible random confusion.  Platinum Eyelash:	 Everything is rehashed. Everything is deconstruction and reconstruction brought out anew under new lights with many costume changes.  Starfishmilkshake:	 Yeah, the blueprints are on a constantly moving spreadsheet like a seismograph.   Platinum Eyelash:	 	Richter scale.  Starfishmilkshake:		 And in 4D.  Platinum Eyelash:		 4D, yes!  Starfishmilkshake:		 I'm sure the Richter scale does come into it somewhere  Platinum Eyelash:	 That's the arguments part, the crest and trough and rolling waves and stormy seas and moon beams and cleansing rains.	  Starfishmilkshake:		 Yeah  Platinum Eyelash:	 And electrical wires, disconnecting and reconnecting, two water droplets and a third dropped within the middle to connect the whole.	  Starfishmilkshake:		 Oooh, a chain reaction. I like the water drop analogy.  Platinum Eyelash:	 Chain reactions, domino effects, wonder twin powers activate.  Starfishmilkshake:		 Do you believe good overcomes all? . . . . .   Platinum Eyelash:	 Hello again.  Starfishmilkshake:		 What is love?   Platinum Eyelash:		 The selling and buying kind?  Starfishmilkshake:		 No, the kind that starts pure before the jading.   Platinum Eyelash:	 Oh, I haven't met that kind.  Starfishmilkshake:		 I am trying to figure out if it even exists?   Platinum Eyelash:	 It doesn't exist. But there are three million variations on trying.   Starfishmilkshake:	 No, but I think it DOES exist.  Platinum Eyelash:	Is THIS love?   Starfishmilkshake:	 	You and me love? Is that where you are going?  Platinum Eyelash:	 Yes.   Starfishmilkshake:	 Yeah, I think so. A discombobulated population would think so.   Platinum Eyelash:		 This is anonymous love.   Starfishmilkshake:		 The best kind, no?  Platinum Eyelash:		 The safest, yes.   Starfishmilkshake:		 Where are the thorns here? Or are there truly none?   Platinum Eyelash:	 The thorns come in the day. In normal life. In those moments I think of you for two seconds and realize you are only partially real and that I am better off for only having half of truth than all of it. 	  Starfishmilkshake:	 I think all of truth is here.  Platinum Eyelash:	 The rest of them have it wrong.	  Starfishmilkshake:		 Sure, I will raise my glass to that.  Platinum Eyelash:	 Here's to knowing nothing.  Starfishmilkshake:		 Here's to you over there and me over here.   Platinum Eyelash: 		 The people out there are getting restless.  Starfish milkshake:	 It is a top-secret mission to rule the world.