          Blue Monday  I'll understand if you don't share my excitement, but I've   just read  that there's a new installment of the  Blue Monday  comic coming in April.  This is what they had to say...   AN OPEN LETTER FROM THE BLUE MONDAY CAST RE: THE NEW SERIES  Dear comics reader:  Oni Press is releasing a new BLUE MONDAY series in April. Its called PAINTED MOON. Its by that Chynna Clugston-Major person. Shes okay. We like her all right. Its those sweaty boys at Oni Press that get on our nerves.  First off, we know this is supposed to be a press release, and there actually was one written. That Jamie Rich guy, the whiny one with the big belly and bad hair and like eighteen ulcers, he wrote one and its got all these quotes about how excited we are to be doing BLUE MONDAY: PAINTED MOON, to be back after Chynna left us to do her solo record. SCOOTER GIRL made us feel like the other members of Bon Jovi when he did that YOUNG GUNS soundtrack. Not that we would listen to that, but everyone always complains that we dont like music that anyone has heard of, so were compromising here. But we digress  Onis publisher Joe Nozemack stepped away from his desk. I think his martini glass got empty, or he was going to club a baby seal or something. Hes a publisher, and theyre eeeeeevil. So, we hijacked his computer, deleted the marketing hype, and were sending this out.  Oni Press doesnt care about us. To them, were dollar signs with legs, arms, and, in Clovers case, big boobs. (Alan made us write that part. Stupid Alan.) When it came time to plan PAINTED MOON, we said we wanted to be involved more in planning this stuff out. We wanted to be able to grow. There are only so many times we can come back and make jokes about the boys being stupid and Clovers big boobs. We want more character stuff. It doesnt have to be Shakespeare, but how about a little MY SO-CALLED LIFE? Or at least a very special episode of THE O.C.!  But nooooothey didnt want that. Sex, Nozemack said, and swear to God, we heard a cash register sound in his head. Bodily functions, Rich insisted, all the while touching himself in a place we wont mention. Honey, said James Lucas Jonesbut, after all, he is a bear with very little brain.  We protested, but then Joe got our contracts out. They own Chynna lock, stock, and barrel, and Chynna owns usso were stuck.  So, if you like that teen sex comedy stuff, youre going to L-O-V-E the new series. BLUE MONDAY: PAINTED MOON. Its got four issues. It starts in April. In it, Bleu discovers certain things about puberty that she might not have realized, and we learn a thing or two about Victor and why there is suddenly hair on his palms, too. (Victor said, Shut up! But were typing, not talking, so how exactly can we shut up?) And dont worry, for those of you who agree with us and want more character development, who want depthwell, you know us. Were clever. Comics editors are stupid. Well sneak some of it in there, trust me.  Sincerely,  Bleu, Clover, Victor, Alan, & Monkeyboy   You can read an interview with  Blue Monday  creator Chynna Clugston-Major in the excellent  Uppers  zine   here , with   more  in the notable  Borderline .