          This Is Not A Love Song, apparently  Those friends of  3AM  at   The Aquarium  send details of their next event:   I Hate Your Guts! A Celebration of Love, Confusion, Sex and Fantasy   14th Feb - 6th March   Sat 14th Feb 6,30pm - 9pm   A mixed exhibition, mostly of items from The Aquarium stock of rare & curious printed matter.... but we will also be presenting to the world a few new things made exclusively for the gallery, as follows:    Billy Childish: I Have Cheated My Own Hart   A limited edition set of (mostly) pornographic woodcuts that Billy originally did back in the 80s. Also included will be a lavishly produced handmade book featuring a fantastic extract from Billys forthcoming novel: Sex Crimes of the Futcher. These will be housed in a cloth covered archival box with a silk screen design on the cover. Only 10 sets will be made for sale.  We will also be printing a limited edition of the cover design as 100 signed & numbered screen prints.    Scorpion Thunderbolt of the 21st Century: Enclave of Love CD Single   STOT21stC are a terrible terrible band and this is their first release. Stupidly shy of vocals, theyve got Power Pack in to do a stint on this one, leaving them to concentrate on their barrage of insane noise with a slight nudge & a wink towards some kind of warped pop sensibility. In true Aquarium style this will be a limited edition of only 50 copies, all hand packaged and complete with the Scorpion Thunderbolt Rule Book, sticker and snapshot. The two tracks on the CD will also be available for free download on their website www.scorpionthunderbolt.com    The Prada-Meinhof Gang: Submission Ltd Edition DVD   Of only Goddess No.11 editions, this DVD exclusively produced for The Aquarium and all water lovers is The Prada-Meinhof Gangs take on what is generally agreed to be the Sex Pistols only ever love song: Submission.  Originally a film installation, this homage to Millais Ophelia reconstructs the song from the ground up, complete with an entire orchestral production and set to haunting visuals. The Prada-Meinhof Gang ask you to remember that Ophelia - Hamlets sick sister - is from a play in which the principle character - Hamlet - obsesses endlessly, forever contemplating suicide and madness - yet it is the female character of Ophelia who truly enacts both.  The 11 DVD packages will be given to chosen people at the opening party by The Prada-Meinhof Gang.    T-Shirts   We will be making three t-shirts ( I Hate Your Guts!, Romeo, & Break Here To Enter) for this exhibition, all of which have been exclusively designed for The Aquarium. Again, only limited numbers of these will be available.    Poetry  Tim Wells and Sarah Kobrinsky of Rising & Dripping fame will be reading some of their love poems at the opening party and free print-outs of the poems will be available for you to give to loved ones.   The Aquarium  10 Woburn Walk  London WC1H  United Kingdom  020 7387 8417   open: 11am - 6pm Mon - Sat  Nearest Tube: Euston