          London: not for everyone, apparently  Over at   the main  3AM  site  today, there's an interview by Mancunian sort HP Tinker with local literary starlet   Gwendoline Riley , who's been described as a  "Camus in hot-pants"  by all accounts.  I remember a  Time Out  feature on her a year or so ago where she reckoned London wasn't up to much as a place to live.  OK, Paris it is then!  In positive disagreement with this assertion would be   Diamond Geezer , the inspirational blogger of all things London and, fortunately, even then of an East End bent.  Geezer (as he may or may not like to be known) posted a substantial entry (by way of a plug) for Jude Rogers' excellent    Smoke   magazine, with issue 3 now hitting the usual stockists.  Geezer also discusses in a parallel context to my own recent offering here the    London News Review  , with whom I have been corresponding with the editors of.  Paul Carr (who writes a   weekly new media column  in the  Grauniad , keeping the homefires burning in a sceptical media scornful of "dot coms") was at pains to point out that despite its title, the  London News Review  is not London-centred but is more a news review that just happens to be published in London.  Happy to correct my mistake, of course.  Paul also points me towards   technorati.com , which now enables me to see what kind things people are saying about  3AM  on their blogs.  Apparently it's how he came across  3AM 's existence and naturally I'm shocked and appalled that he wasn't aware of us previously.  And in their own   literary blog , there's some commentary on how often  The Grauniad  publish pieces on Hazlitt.  Not enough, says   one  of  3AM 's editors.  But the whole technorati thing has prompted me to undertake a revamp of our blogroll, which was created in 2002, when blogging was the sole preserve of 9/11 crackpots and chickenhawk sorts (and pissed-up literary sorts).  Oh, and that reminds me, there's a new    Idler   out soon, containing as it does their new 'Ladies of Leisure' poll.  Their site also gives mention of a new phase of   Crap Towns  nominations -- my London-dwelling Northerner animosity will be directed at Middlesbrough this time, a sorry excuse for a university, football team and place to live.