          Worst post, ever!  Following on from my post on the  London News Review , a reader writes  "Your blog is just a load of anal-retentive contrarian whinging"  (yeah, and I love you too, 'Mark Durham').  I guess if you didn't know me, it would be easy to visualise me as some kind of Comic Book Guy off  The Simpsons  type who likes nothing better than sit behind a PC and write  "Worst publication, ever!"  over and over again.  Of course, I don't see myself that way and by all accounts neither do those who know and work with me, I just believe in the right of people to take others to account for their actions.  The press, in all its manifestations, is not exempt from this in my view and who better to scrutinise its performance than the media itself.    However, this got me thinking.  Not into the realms of the tired 'What is blogging all about?' introspection but more along the lines of authorship.  What makes someone worth reading? What makes readers view certain writers as 'must-read' on a regular basis? For instance, I couldn't care less if John Pilger had his fingers blown off by a CIA-planted letter-bomb and could never write another  New Statesman  column again.  But I would be beyond despair if Boris Johnson suddenly decided to go live in Rwanda, never picked up a pen again and merely took advantage of his own  Spectator  subscriptions to Africa appeal (for those of you who don't read it,  The Spectator  allow readers to pay for African villages to receive the magazine free of charge.  I'm sure if I lived in Sudan I'd have better things to worry about that what Simon Heffer thinks of political correctness).  I don't agree with either writer's viewpoint, but why is Boris indispensable while Pilger is merely indefensible? Both writers usually tackle the same subject (the motives of Tony Blair in any given situation) and come up with diametrically-opposing conclusions ("Blair is a fascist" or "Blair is a communist", respectively).  Yet Boris Johnson manages to at least display a modicum of wit and engagement, while Pilger merely churns out autofeed-style conspiracy theories on a weekly basis.  Another writer I've never 'got' is Rod Liddle.  I don't think any of us would have heard of him had he not been forced into an ultimatum by his BBC employer concerning his temporary stint at  The Guardian 's G2 section.  Again, I'm assuming a certain amount of prior knowledge here on your part so I'll fill in (skip the next bit if you can't be arsed).  Rod Liddle was Editor of BBC Radio 4's  Today  programme who was given the chance to be a temporary fill-in at the  Guardian .  In one of his columns he remarked that the presence of the Countryside Alliance on the streets of London should remind us all while, despite their manifold and manifest failings, the Labour Party still deserved to remain in place to keep the Tories out, Tories in this case being exemplified by the fox-hunting scum who marched so brazenly to defend their sick tradition (I'm paraphrasing here of course, but you get the point).  Standard fare for a liberal elite columnist (giving the punters what they want etc).  As such, this was cited as yet another example of left-wing bias at the Beeb and his employer forced him to choose between the two (you or I would have been sacked however).  And how did he respond to this? With the most cringe-bearing headline to a newspaper column I have ever seen --   'Reader, I chose you...'  (you can't see me now, but I'm doing the fingers-down-throat gesture). So where we supposed to be grateful or something?  "Oh no, Rod Liddle's not writing for  The Guardian  anymore! Where will I get my weekly dose of received opinion? Only two more days until the  New Statesman  comes out, phew!"   Anyhow, I think I've doled out enough stick to other parts of the media for a while now, so unless more email is forthcoming I'll terminate the discussion here.  Not to worry, anyhow, not long after that email there was one from an ex-girlfriend, telling me to blog less and write more.