          Indie Obscura Day 2  It's Monday and that can only entail one thing... Indie Obscura Day! Today's anal-retentive fest comes courtesy of Eat.  I can't really wax lyrical for my love of this band for the simple reason that it never existed.  I once bought a 12" of theirs on spec purely because it was in the 99p section of The Hit Parade in Hartlepool and to be honest I might as well have just dropped a pound coin down a drain compared to the joy it brought to my stereo (ie. none).  Anyhow, here's the obligatory facts...  allmusic.com entry:  "Formed in the King's Cross area of London by several natives of Bath, Eat mixed hard rock, swampy blues-rock, Jim Morrison-esque poetry, and dance beats to create a singular hybrid. Eat's original lineup was fronted by vocalist/songwriter Ange Dolittle, with brothers Paul and Max Nobel on guitar and a rhythm section of Tim Sewell (bass) and Pete Howard (drums). The group built a following on London's underground scene, with Sewell and Paul Nobel frequently DJing parties on the side. Eat signed with the Fiction imprint and, after a couple of EPs, debuted on LP in 1989 with the acclaimed Sell Me a God. However, by November 1990, the band had split up as a result of both the Nobels' splitting with the rest of the band and Dolittle's heroin habit; a completed follow-up LP never saw the light of day. In 1991, Dolittle re-formed Eat with a new guitar tandem of Jem Moorshead and Max Lavilla. The band recorded the more psychedelic Epicure in 1993, which was released in the U.S. the following year. When Eat failed to draw audiences on their supporting American tour, Dolittle again broke up the band and joined the instrumental portion of the Wonder Stuff to form We Know Where You Live in 1995."    Little-known factoid:  Not only could you buy their 12" singles for 99p in Hartlepool's Hit Parade, you could also get them for the same price in Stockton-on-Tees' Tracks record shop too.  Records from the likes of Airhead and Sensitize could also be bought in those fabled 'pound sections'.   Where now?:  Lead singer Ange Dolittle last seen fronting Big Yoga Muffin.  With a name like that, they deserved not to be successful.