          The return of Lunchtime O'Booze  In the Bricklayer's Arms today (the arty hang-out in Hoxton, not the rough dive in Sarf Landan) I couldn't help but notice (as they were on every available surface) that copies of the recently-launched    London News Review   are being given away there,  gratis .  I know the paper's offices are spitting distance away, but your average punter is not going to cough up for a subscription to the thing if they can just swan into a pub and read it in five minutes flat over a pint of Stella.  One meejah type I know reckons the paper will   go the same way as  The Face  , but in less time and with fewer people noticing.  Let's ignore that comment and assume they're going to have a long and fruitful existence -- this post is a kind of 'critical friend' to them.  By all accounts, they work from one of those converted industrial space units cum meejah operations off Brick Lane, so I suppose I should champion business in my locale.  My first impression of the publication is that it's a bit matey-matey and seems to celebrate its own existence a tad too much.  Someone really should point this out to them, as while they may enjoy the process of celebrating themselves ( "Whehay! We write stuff!" ), they do have to make a profit for someone and prospective readers might not be particularly interested in their existence as people in themselves.  I may be wrong, but to me it seems to the extension of a few second-rate  Grauniad -sters who feel that they deserve more than an online presence for their journalism.  It's also the extension of the all-too-familar London meejah conversation of  "You know, there's a gap in the market for a fresh London paper of some description..." .  Such conversations usually end with the shrugging of shoulders and then move on to an argument over whose round it is.  Here however, it's ended up as a tangible product.  Fair play to them, you might say, it's all very well for you sat there on your PC ploughing your furrow with your NDJDC (non-day-job-dot-com), at least they've gone out there and done something.  Yes, well, erm, but... OK, for a start, the producers of the paper   seem  to have spent   more time talking  about the need for their paper and   the trials and tribulations  of publishing than actually publishing it.  Perhaps their editor should just take over the  Guardian  media section or something, his heart seems more into that.  Secondly, there's the hyperbole:   "Each issue provides a complete round-up of the week's news, combining behind-the-scenes analysis of the major (and not so major) stories, interviews with prominent newsmakers, and irreverent commentary from some of Britain?s finest and funniest writers. It is sharp, thought-provoking, opinionated, influential and absolutely indispensable."    Obviously, in sales and marketing terms, no publication worth their salt is going to say  "We're a bit crap really"  (I fully confess that  3AM  could do with a make-over in some areas...) but I'm not sure if any publication is fit to pass judgement on themselves in such a way.  The fact that they have to do it and don't have anyone to do it for them suggests they should keep quiet until there's a few more issues to compare.  For what it's worth, the issue I came across is better than I expected (some good political pieces in there, as well as media commentary), though the blatant plug afforded to Tory mayoral candidate Steve Norris jarred a little.  I'm not sure it's their role to do anything other than bash him, not give him the an opportunity for publicity and hits on his website, but there appears to be some political ambiguity there (ie. stock anti-US tirades sit cheek-by-jowl with championing of a blogging Labour MP who happens to be the most ardent Iraq war supporter in Parliament).  Thirdly, there's the associated products,   The Friday Thing  (more matey-mateyness and not funny) and   London by London  (an 'interesting concept' which has, in turn, descended into a Mayor Ken-bashing platform for fans of the oleaginous Lib Dem candidate Simon Hughes or the annoyingly smug Green Party hopeful Darren Johnson).  So what are the portents for the  LNR ? Difficult to say really, they appear to have enlisted the   ICA  as major advertisers and stockists but beyond that, are they making any in-roads outside of the media elite? Not having access to their circulation figures, I can't pass judgement on that score.  What I can say though, is as a non-media elite person in their key demographic (I'm a single late 20s male with a disposable income and no mortgage), I'd rather read fresh writing about London from complete unknowns rather than celebrity twaddle from TV comedians whose careers have peaked.  Time for another Stella I think.