          Diamonds, Fur Coat, Champagne  A jet-lagged   Wasco  arrived in London yesterday.  The first I heard of it was when I received a call from him claiming to be a certain former  3AM  Co-Editor who wanted to me take me to task about my latest  ad hominem  Bob Geldof criticism on here! I left him in the   ICA  for a few hours and when I returned he'd already found musical acquaintances that he didn't even know were in town.  A phonecall to   George Berger  later and we were all set.  Wasco's in town for   All Tomorrow's Parties , the electica-fest on the Sussex coast taking place soon and last night was an ATP showcase at the ICA featuring Bardot Pond and Jackie O Motherfucker.  Given the scarcity of tickets for the ATP weekends each year, the ICA staged the event as  "a place to come and feel part of it".  We sat and ate/drank with the bands for a while, George/Gerard stated his desire to resurrect 2002's short-lived  3AM  'Arse of the Week' award (something conceived during a meet-up at the ICA of European  3AM  editors back then).  Given   recent events , nothing would surprise me on that level.  Soon it became apparent that we were actually sat (by accident) in some kind of opening night for the   Beck's Futures 2004  show as all manner of celebs (well Neil Tennant of the Pet Shop Boys and   Alan Yentob ) began milling around as sushi and champagne were paraded on trays held by insouciant-looking arts graduates.  Not quite   the Saatchi party of the other night , but at least there was people connected to the arts in some way at this one, rather than   Eastenders actresses  (wot no Max Beesley?).  Bardot Pond were pretty intense, slow... but intense.  I'm not sure Mr Berger was particularly impressed as they didn't really break a sweat or any equipment for that matter, but Wasco was well into it.  I slipped away just before the end and noticed that there was a   soap actress  in attendance at the Beck's Futures party (albeit one who had at least been in a Woody Allen film and my favourite TV series,  The Bill ).  High and low brow really are converging it seems, and there's nothing we can do to stop it.  I'm in the wrong business... no, wait... speak to my agent, dahling.