          We've only just begun  Remember how (according to Mirror Group Newspapers Legal Department's Marcus Partington):   "Obviously you have not experienced any significant problems to date. You refer to some confusion between the Mirror's 3am Girls and your business but suggest that your problems now arise because of our pull out magazine, which in any event uses 3am in stylised fashion with the bottom of the 3 forming a devil's tail. The word magazine is not prominent. The pull out is not for sale or given away separately but comes free with the Daily Mirror on Wednesdays.  In the light of this, even if you had established a reputation and goodwill exclusively in the name 3am (which cannot be right given our much more widely circulated use of the name) I cannot see how, as a result of this use, any consumer or supplier of yours could be confused into thinking that our " 3AM" publication is connected with yours. Our pull out is aimed at a different readership (people interested in celebrity showbiz gossip) and takes a different route to the market, being available free with a national tabloid daily newspaper. Your magazine, on the other hand, only appears to be available online and is aimed at readers who are interested in literary fiction and other articles of a particular type and advertisers who are interested in reaching such readers.   I find it difficult to believe that these two markets overlap at all. Indeed even if they do, I doubt that either your readers or, in particular, your suppliers, who would be well-educated in the type of services you offer, could be confused into thinking that there was any association between us.  Although we have only recently become aware of your publication, I have never been informed of any instances of confusion between our business and yours.  In all the circumstances, I am convinced that you do not have any valid cause for complaint about 3AM or the 3AM pull out."   Our good friends at   Nominet  say otherwise.  They reckon that on 10 March, a   3ammagazine.co.uk  was registered by Trinity Mirror Digital Media Ltd.  So we are hardly guilty of over-reacting or over-egging of any puddings when we say it simply isn't on.  My only hope is that someone looking for the latest on Jordan or J-Lo accidently types in .com and gets more than they bargained for (or not, as the case may be).  I had hoped it was all over but it looks as if it's only just begun...  Meanwhile, over in the   parallel universe :   "THE midweek blues are a thing of the past now that our sassy 3am Magazine hits the streets every Wednesday. It mayh be handbag-sized, but it's still bursting with celebrity chat, hot gossip, star style secrets and beauty tips.  IN next week's issue - FREE with the Daily Mirror - we get the lowdown on dynamic duo Ant and Dec.  We reveal the woman who spent 23,000 to look like Victoria Beckham and how TV presenter Nadia Sawahla battled the bulge. Plus we chat with 21 Grams star Naomi Watts.  WE'VE sexy shots of Simon from Blue, Heartbeat's Tricia Penrose tells us where she loves to hang out, and celebrity make-up artist Jemma Kidd shares her top tips for looking fantastic.  SO if you want even more of your favourite showbiz column, don't miss Wednesday's fantastic 3am Magazine!"