          Bowing to the inevitable...  OK, the  Mirror  didn't capitulate and it still insists on publishing that infernal gossip rag.  We didn't galvanise public opinion to our cause and force riots at their offices in Canary Wharf tower.  And  The Sun  simply wasn't up for facilitating a drinking contest between the real  3AM Magazine  and the 3am Girls to settle on who gets to keep the name once and for all.  Murdoch and co. just didn't have the stomach to take on their biggest rival.  So we will concede defeat and accept the fact that the  Mirror 's corporate cock has jizzed all over our collective faces.  From hereon in, when someone says '3am', others will think they mean a  "cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff"  gossip rag rather than  "the webs best litzine"  or  "an online Fitzrovia" .  Such is life, I'm afraid.  The not-the-"Oo-ah"   Daily Star   site features an interesting take on yesterday's fake  3am Magazine :    "According to the  Daily Mirror s TV ads, a "super glossy  3AM magazine  is free" with todays issue.  Trades description should be on to them like a shot.  Super it ain't, and glossy? It isnt even a distant poverty-stricken hick second cousin to  Heat  magazine.  But hey! Its free in today's  Mirror , complete with a  3AM Hits CD  (speak to your newsagent if it's not there).  Belt out the wicked tunes like, Meat Loaf's Dead Ringer For Love, and the yet-to-be released for a thousandth time, It's Not Unusual by new talent Tom Jones.  Inside the rag, it's more and more low-grade celeb nonsense, making  MegaStar  look like James Joyce's  Ulysses.   Strong-jawed horsey royal type, Zara I've-Got-Posh-Teeth Phillips gets page three turned over to her romps at Cheltenham.  But no shock horror about Zara in the jockeys whey-hey-hey-ing room, more the fact she wore something similar at last years jump festival.  A hat, and er, some boots.  Best fish the "super glossy"  3AM  mag out of the bin, then."   Jesus, if it makes  them  look like Joyce's  Ulysees  then what does it make us look like? Pretty fucking good I'd say.    Piers Morgan , you're a fraud and you'll be editing  Bus World  by the time you're fifty, take it from us, mate.  So unless anyone else has anything to say, that's the last word from us on the subject.  You won't find Jordan or   Peter Andre  here.