          More Middle London bilge courtesy of the M25  Daily Mail    3AM 's on-going spat with the   Trinity Mirror Group  is a war on many fronts.  One personal front is my on-going irritation at the decline of another newspaper, the London    Evening Standard  .  The  Standard , as I've mentioned on here before, is the capital's only daily paper -- unless you count    Metro   (the free paper given to commuters).  The  Standard  and  Metro  are owned by   Associated Newspapers , home of the dreaded    Daily Mail   (reactionary rag, home to reactionary columnists Simon Heffer and Melanie Phillips).  Others at  3AM    have written  of their own loathing for the  Standard  and Hari Kunzru's refusal of a  Mail -sponsored literary award is well-known.  The content for all three titles verges on the identical -- scaremongering over the Atkins Diet, asylum-seekers and the Congestion Charge.  The  Standard , like its organ of Middle England sibling the  Mail , now exists to promote a hegemonic vision of how others should lead their lives -- no deviation in moral standards and deference to celebrities and the Establishment.  The London the  Standard  represents and promotes differs marginally from the Middle England the  Mail  attempts to preserve.  Unlike readers of the  Mail , the  Standard 's readership are more likely to have black and gay acquaintances, therefore the prejudice is toned down immediately and the political coverage tends to concentrate on Mayor-bashing and opining about Council Tax rises.  So the London of the  Standard  is the London of Zadie Smith, Tony Parsons and Nick Hornby -- safe, recognisable and slightly more 'street' than the  Mail 's Middle England triumvirate of Jilly Cooper, Ken Follett and Andy McNabb.  While the  Mail 's readers are likely to opt for a Sunday visit to the garden centre, the  Standard 's key demographic prefers a warm goat's cheese salad in All Bar One before watching the rugby -- compare the coverage of Jonny Wilkinson to that of Alan Titchmarsh.  Today's  Standard  comes with a free   'Best Pubs in London'  guide -- a nice gesture to the capital's drinking classes, you might argue.  Au contraire, my friend.  The guide is front-loaded with a best of the Oirish pubs section -- topical given that it's St Patrick's Day tomorrow and every reader is guaranteed a free pint of Guinness, thanks to the  Standard  (just don't forget to raise your glass to a Steve Norris victory in the June mayoral elections).  That'll be good for the Craic then -- fortunate given that pubs in Dublin's Temple Bar are banning parties of English people these days.  The rest of the guide contains the run-down on 'historical pubs', 'pubs that rock' and 'gay and lesbian pubs' (that's the 'diversity' box ticked then -- can you imagine a  Mail  guide of this sort with that in though?) -- with some glaring omissions.  The historical pubs section wilfully neglects the likes of The Fitzroy Tavern and Gordon's wine bar, whereas the pubs that rock section fails to live up to its name by not mentioning either The Ship or The Intrepid Fox on Wardour Street.  There's no All Bar One/Pitcher and Piano/Slug and Lettuce... but most  Standard  readers will know where they are already... and then I noticed, most of the pubs are located around West London.  Just gives me another excuse to dislike the place, I suppose.  Anyhow, that Ken Livingstone... he's a right extremist/up Tony Blair's arse and as for that Atkins Diet, it gives you Cancer apparently.