          Getting shafted by the big boys  Below is the response from the Trinity Mirror Group's lawyers, concerning their fake  3am Magazine  [sic.].  Doncha just love the sneering, the whole  "Who the fuck are you?"  attitude? I tell you who we are, we're people who think there's more to life than the perpetuation of a tacky concept of 'glamour' embodied in b-celebs and make-up artistry.  The real  3am Magazine  is all for glamour, but of the more sassy variety.  Anyhow, below is their response:   Dear Mr Stevens  "3AM MAGAZINE"  Thank you for your letters of 3 and 10 March 2004.  I note your concerns regarding our recent launch of our pull-out magazine, "3AM", which is available free inside the "Daily Mirror". However, I really doubt that this pull out will cause you any problems and I believe that you do not have any legal right to object to it.  We first started to use the name "3AM" in the Daily Mirror on 3 July 2000. It was used as the name of a column commenting on the lives of celebrities and show business issues generally. Stories were gathered by our columnists very often from celebrity events and parties carried on until the early morning - hence the choice of name.  You claim to have commenced the internet based magazine "3AM MAGAZINE" ; only three months earlier, in April 2000. I have not been able to find out much about that early use except that it appears to be internationally based (principally in North America and France) and to have used a variety of names such as 3.A.M Publishing and 3.A.M International. It describes itself as " ;edgy" and containing "cutting edge" fiction and "political satire", essays, documentaries and "culture orientated" articles.  Obviously you have not experienced any significant problems to date. You refer to some confusion between the Mirror's 3am Girls and your business but suggest that your problems now arise because of our pull out magazine, which in any event uses 3am in stylised fashion with the bottom of the 3 forming a devil's tail. The word magazine is not prominent. The pull out is not for sale or given away separately but comes free with the Daily Mirror on Wednesdays.  In the light of this, even if you had established a reputation and goodwill exclusively in the name 3am (which cannot be right given our much more widely circulated use of the name) I cannot see how, as a result of this use, any consumer or supplier of yours could be confused into thinking that our " 3AM" publication is connected with yours. Our pull out is aimed at a different readership (people interested in celebrity showbiz gossip) and takes a different route to the market, being available free with a national tabloid daily newspaper. Your magazine, on the other hand, only appears to be available online and is aimed at readers who are interested in literary fiction and other articles of a particular type and advertisers who are interested in reaching such readers.  I find it difficult to believe that these two markets overlap at all. Indeed even if they do, I doubt that either your readers or, in particular, your suppliers, who would be well-educated in the type of services you offer, could be confused into thinking that there was any association between us.  Although we have only recently become aware of your publication, I have never been informed of any instances of confusion between our business and yours.  In all the circumstances, I am convinced that you do not have any valid cause for complaint about 3AM or the 3AM pull out.  Yours sincerely etc etc.