          Anger management 2  Another day, another  3AM  rip-off... yep, the    Mirror   have issued another edition of their eagerly-awaited (snigger) gossip organ,  3am Magazine  [sic.].  It's not like I expected them not to or something, as if a  "little-known online literary title"  could stop the might of the Trinity Mirror Group and their much-vaunted plan to save the paper from extinction.  I guess like the Wire song, we are the fly in the ointment of their cunning strategem to halt falling sales by feeding the Great British Public  "an addictive diet of celebrity and gossip instead of news or analysis"  in their  "rather cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff"  rag (not our words, Piers, but Andrew Neil and the  Daily Star 's).  They probably didn't reckon on anyone else having the name and if they did then, hey, that's showbusiness! I wouldn't mind but it's Kylie Minogue on the front cover, with the headline  "I'm a red-blooded woman!" , but fear not (real)  3AM  readers, for there is a free CD, to give you that extra motivation to part with 35p for a copy of the  Mirror  today (as opposed to  The Sun  or  The Daily Star ).  And what's on this CD, you may ask?  1. 'Celebration' - Kool and The Gang 2. 'Video Killed The Radio Star' - Buggles 3. 'ABC' - The Jackson 5 4. 'I'm Coming Out' - Diana Ross 5. 'Word Up' - Cameo 6. 'Car Wash' - Rose Royce 7. '99 Red Balloons' - Nena 8. 'Boogie Wonderland' - Earth, Wind & Fire with The Emotions 9. 'I Love Music' - The O'Jays 10. 'Let's Hear It For The Boy' - Deniece Williams  Who on earth (wind and fire) do they view as their potential market with this? Salesmen in Mondeos driving up and down the M1? An office girls' pre-night out mix-tape on the Alba stereo? That's not very ( Mirror )  3am  [sic.], now is it? If the real  3AM  ever moved into the tabloid field ( The Sun Literary Supplement , perhaps?), we probably wouldn't have to bribe you with marketing gimmicks to buy the thing, but if we did, a free CD might look a little something like this:  1. 'Kings of the Wild Frontier' - Adam and the Ants  2. 'Teenage Riot' - Sonic Youth 3. 'Sunglasses After Dark' - The Cramps 4. 'Revolution' - Spacemen 3 5. 'Blitzkrieg Rock' - The Ramones 6. 'Promises' - The Buzzcocks 7. 'Sooner' - My Bloody Valentine 8. 'Fuck The Pain Away' - Peaches 9. 'We Don't Play Guitars' - Chicks on Speed 10. 'I Am The Fly' - Wire  Oh... today's '3am Girls' column opens with the line  "They say imitation is the best form of flattery..." .  Erm, yeah, you're not wrong love(s).