          It aint over until the fat lady sings 2   3AM 's David and Golliath-esque struggle against Trinity Mirror plc   moves up a gear ...  The  Mirror 's new publication has drawn some comment from the overly-analytical world of media commentary.  Former  Mirror  mainstay Bill Hagerty assesses   the other 3am Magazine 's likely contribution in reviving the fortunes of the flagging  Mirror , once the tabloid flagship of Fleet Street in its heyday.  Trade press journal   Media Bulletin , on the other hand, hails the other  3am Magazine  as  "the first handbag-sized supplement in newspaper history".   The Times    actually covered it  last month -- we should have been more eagle-eyed I guess (as did   The Guardian ,   twice in one day  -- as did   Media Week ).  'Media Bitch UK' (who they?)   dish the dirt  on the low celeb-count at the launch party for the other  3am Magazine  (and where was our invite?).  Yesterday's  Guardian  dismisses the Piers Morgan/Sly Bailey strategem as   a crude attempt to emulate the success  of  Glamour  magazine.  Meanwhile, the  Mirror 's tabloid rival, the  Daily Star , takes the other  3am Magazine 's launch personally --   dismissing the new publication  as  "rather cheap and tacky, and generally a bit naff" .  We, erm, know how you feel.  They go on to say that the new magazine  "can't seem to decide if it wants to be Bella or Heat"  and  "If that's the best they can do, they might as well give up now."  A few weeks ago, the  Mirror    declared  that the mere prospect of a  3am Magazine  had their  "rivals in a sweat" .  That's one way of looking at the situation.  Ubiqitous media pundit extraordinaire, Andrew Neil (this time without vest, baseball cap and scantily-clad Asian beauty -- see  Private Eye 's  passim ), publishes his take on the situation in   The Scotsman , arguing that  "if anybody is to blame... it must be the red-top tabloid editors themselves who, over the past couple of decades, have fed readers an addictive diet of celebrity and gossip instead of news or analysis and turned trivia into an art form." .  The   Telegraph  helpfully points out that the  Mirror  had to   abandon a similar celebrity-focused magazine  (the imaginatively-titled  M ) last year due to it not being  "strong enough" .  I'm inclined to watch events unfold here, although some people have suggested I give  The Sun  a call.  Oh, and finally (from the  Guardian 's   MediaMonkey  column):   "Much excitement at the launch of the Daily Mirror's eagerly awaited celebrity rag, the 3am magazine. Let's hope it contains more famous people than bothered to turn up to the launch at a groovy West End venue last week - who numbered precisely zero. To use the parlance of the 3am column... Spotted: Times media correspondent mingling with some guys from accounts in a deserted VIP zone."