          My Lad Mag Hell!  OK, that's a bit strong.  But were I writing an article on this, perhaps that would make a good title for it.  Yesterday,  3AM  was invited to watch the Carling (League) Cup Final (Bolton Wanderers v Middlesbrough, as you ask) at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff, with full corporate hospitality and all that entails.  Again, I'm over-egging the pudding somewhat as I got the invite courtesy of a journalist friend who works at  Front  magazine (international readers: this is a competitor title to   Loaded , a more upfront and tawdry version of  FHM ,  Esquire ,  GQ  etc.) For the record, I support no team and show no interest in the game apart from international tournaments or arguments over regional rivalries (which are infinitely more interesting than 22 overpaid men fighting for a ball).  The day began by meeting at 7.30am for the transport to the stadium in the function room of a rather opulent London hotel, so I digged into the complimentary croissants and coffee and surveyed around my fellow invited journalists as I waited for my friend to turn up (the cab he'd booked the night before didn't show).  I was told to wear smart clothes as the invite warned of no jeans or trainers but compared to the raffish middle class young hacks who staff lads mags these days (neat and sleek haircuts, blue Hugo Boss suits and black loafers, topped off with designer label parkas), I didn't really scrub up in brown cords, black shirt and brown moccasins.  The 'luxury coach' was more coach than luxury and the scenery of the M4 hardly provides a distraction on any journey, so sleep was in order.  We arrived in Cardiff and parked on the university site.  For corporate hospitality, I was rather surprised at how unorganised it all was as we were left to make our way to the stadium flanked by Middlesbrough fans possessing comedy accents and even funnier attire (before the regionalism accusations are made, I grew up just outside the town, I'm allowed to hate it).  Having performed a virtual tour of the city centre and the stadium site, exacerbated by stewards and security staff who seemingly knew nothing, we were seated to a three course meal comprising salmon starter, chicken main course and lemon tart dessert, all washed down with copious quantities of free Carling lager (sponsors of the tournament).  Why couldn't Stella Artois sponsor it? Carling is revolting.  Still, most Boro fans will have had to work extra shifts in their call centres just to be able to be there and drank paid-for Carling out of plastic cups.  Once seated for the game, there was all manner of fireworks and the Chairman of the Football League, Sir Brian Mawhinney MP (ex-Tory Health Secretary, for those of you with short memories), shook the players' hands.  I don't know much about football, but it was end to end stuff and the result was 2-1 to Middlesbrough at full time.  As it's the first cup they've won in 128 years (having played in many cup finals), then all the best to them.  Apparently violent crime drops in Middlesbrough when the team perform well, so some student will have been spared a beating last night.  The post-match award ceremony for the winners and "gallant finalists" (ie. losers) exposes the cruel differential between the League Cup and the more prestigious FA Cup.  FA Cup winners can expect to shake hands with a minor royal whereas yesterday's winners had to make do with the UK Marketing Director of Coors Breweries.  In the corporate hospitality suite afterwards, I was asked by all manner of journalists which publication I worked for.  I said  3AM .  While no one had heard of us, no one seemed to think I didn't belong there once I explained what  3AM  was and had given them one of the business cards me and Andrew Gallix had printed up for ourselves.  Perhaps next year  3AM  will be invited in its own right then, though I'd settle for invites to the Hay and Edinburgh Literary Festivals first, then Cannes.  You never know...