          Paperback Blogger   The Guardian 's   'Online' section  (the worst and most-neglected part of their website, ironically) features an article by   Andrew Losowsky  on   innovations in e-2-ink publishing :   As it once did with the web, the sheer quantity of words available makes blogs seem best placed to revolutionise print publishing as well. Though, as Keiger points out, that may not always be a good thing for the readers.   "Ninety-nine percent of blogs are bloody awful," he says. "Most of the books published this way will be of utterly no merit. But what the hell, if someone wants to cobble together entries and have them published on demand, where's the harm?"     Andrew Losowsky?  I thought.  Sounds a bit like   Andrew Orlowski  to me.  But no, his story checks out -- I checked google and he has   more sites  to   his name  than Imelda Marcos owned shoes it seems.  Which is also ironic given  Andrew Orlowski 's   much-reported  (in the blogosphere) disdain for google.  OK, I know this has been discussed a lot  elsewhere  (note my casual, rather than affectational as Stuart Marconie would say, disdain for serial blogging -- in the same way that the House of Commons refers to debates in the House of Lords as happening 'in another place') but Andrew Orlowski (not Losowsky, note) is the boyfriend of   Sarah Champion , who was branded a psuedonymous-blogger of some repute, but actually wasn't.  I think.  I don't know.  But it does bring things rather full circle I find.  I wish I had a name like Andrew Orlowski or Andrew Losowsky, rather than plain old regular Andrew Stevens.  If you google me you get 8 million different Andrew Stevens', which is ironic given that our surname was once (reputedly) Stevanovski.  'Andrew Stevanovski' -- has a nice ring to it but, come May 1st, I might get mistaken for one of those Polish economic migrants that Tony Blair and the  Daily Mail  get worked up about.  I can just see the scenes at Heathrow Airport --  "Honest, I work for The Guardian, I write pieces about weblogging and that! What are you putting those gloves on for?"  Nope, it's a really bad idea.  Anyhow, blog-publishing on demand, the mind does boggle as to who would part with hard-earned cash to read something they could just skim through online.    Salam Pax  was something of an exception, given that 99.9% of Western bloggers would have been preoccupied with survival if faced with his predicament a year or so ago, that man deserved a book deal.  But    The Thoughts of Hak Mao  ? A book deal of her own for the   Bookslut  to discuss? Forgive me as I stroke my chin quizically, but I don't know if that will have the boards of HarperCollins or Jonathan Cape standing on the 13th floor ledge with the wind billowing against their faces as they contemplate suicide in face of dwindling profits.  When Dave Eggers and Zadie Smith acquire blogging personas, I'll sit up and take notice.  Until then, the world will continue to be divided into two sorts of people -- those get paid to write about people blogging and those who don't.  They don't call them the   blogeoisie  for nothing, you know.