          "I feel your disease..."  Simon Hattenstone in today's  Guardian  on   being a 'financial phobic' :   "I am a sick, sick man with a sick, sick condition. I was financially phobic when I was broke, and I am still financially phobic now that I have a decent job. I know there will be readers screaming that if I was on the dole, I would know the value of money etc but I'm afraid you are wrong. Just ask Dr Brendan Burchell of Cambridge University, whose web page confirms that I am one of Britain's nine million sufferers.   Financial phobics, he says, experience a range of physical and emotional symptoms. I go down his list and tick off every symptom: no, of course I don't open my statement when it arrives; sure, bills are left at the doorstep; yes, I do feel sick and dizzy when faced with the prospect of managing money.   But there's more. I don't have a wallet. I can't have a wallet. I do keep my very few plastic cards - press card, Man City card, work entrance card, Blockbusters card, cashpoint card, M&S card and Halifax card (my partner sent off for the last two, and I don't know how to use them) - in a plastic card holder, but it isn't a wallet. And the transparent plastic has come away from the blue plastic so the holder doesn't even hold properly.   I keep my money in my pockets, alongside my tube tickets, receipts, Post-It notes and silver sweet wrappings. Almost invariably, when I'm searching for my tube card, I drop a fiver. Or a tenner. Or more. My children have started following me so they can pick up my droppings. The other day I dropped a wrapped-up wad of three 20s. Alix picked it up and handed it back - I have never seen such contempt on a child's face before."    On reading this, I was like,  "I'm not the only one!"  (well I'd heard other  Guardian  columnists   proclaim such things before , but they don't count) and sank back into the seat of the London Routemaster bus as I prepared to turn in for another day of wage slavery.  It's true though, I never check the balance for my account and just hope for the best at cash machines.  My life is one long story of  "I'm sorry, that card's been rejected" .  I'm not a Communist (anymore) but I'd pay good money to see the Board of Barclays Bank plc liquidated in some kind of Ba'athist-style massacre of anti-Saddam dissidents.  Then my sympathy for Hattenstone evaporated like a racist football commentator's broadcasting career:   "My partner estimates that I lose about 100 a week. I have to rationalise my losses to justify my existence - "Well," I say, "I don't go out for a curry every night like I used to and I'm smoking much less so I can afford to lose some money." It's pathetic and embarrassing and humiliating."    Well, you might say,  "At least he has the honesty and candour to own up to this."  -- yes, but at what cost? I don't know how many pence per word the  Guardian  pay their columnists, but I'd wager they could afford to lose 100 running for the bus, as we used to say up North.  Us  real  financial phobics do not have that luxury.