          How to Make An American Quilt -- English version    'Controversial' YBA makes quilt for schoolchildren  as part of gesture to the community, giving a little back and all that.  Cash-strapped school   decides to sell said quilt , while it's still possible to capitalise on said YBA's name.    YBA has strop , if anyone's going to make money it's her (said YBA recently derided reviewers who pay their mortgages by rubbishing people).  Said YBA refuses to authenticate said quilt, rendering it worthless (how on earth could she deny it's not hers now?).  Suitable   media storm whipped up , ensuring said YBA receives more publicity.    Stuckist  gets slated in crap newspaper aimed at All Bar One's key demographic.  Stuckist writes letter in response:   "ANDREW Renton (Artists' licence, 6 April) condemns me as "confused", "illogical", "chip-on-shoulder" and "complaining".  Yet at the same time he staunchly defends the "wayward" art of Stella Vine, my ex-wife and Tracey Emin against accusations of churlishness over her patchwork quilt for schoolchildren.  Renton says "we have to allow artists to be unreasonable and selfish" and "art is defined by the artist".  Are there two sets of standards? One for Saatchi artists - another for Stuckist artists? Charles Thomson, co-founder of the Stuckists, Shoreditch, EC2."   The   Stuckist Gallery  is London's refuge from benefactor-sponsored consumerist tat, check it out if you're in the area.  I've always found it peculiarly ironic that the Saatchi Gallery is sited in County Hall.  County Hall was home to the   GLC  between 1965 and 1986.  In 1979, Charles Saatchi helped mastermind Margaret Thatcher's election victory and a collision course was set with the socialist administration of Ken Livingstone elected to County Hall in 1981.  Because of Britain's unwritten constitution, Thatcher was at liberty to abolish the GLC, simply because she didn't approve of its popularity with Londoners and its politically-unfashionable interventionist policies.  Following abolition, the County Hall was sold off for a song and dismembered by hotels, aquariums and art galleries -- the latter being owned by a certain Charles Saatchi, mastermind of Margaret Thatcher's election victory in 1979.  If it had happened in any other country people would claim it was corrupt.  So it's even more richly ironic that Tracey Emin is happy to boost the election coffers of Ken Livingstone (now esconced downriver in a Norman Foster-designed City Hall) using money obtained from commissions by... a certain Charles Saatchi.  Swings and roundabouts, I guess, though digs at Ms Emin are never likely to go down well with the Shoxtonian tendency.