          Maybe I ought to start charging...    A perplexing email  lands on the  3AM  doormat (you'll have to imagine that metaphorically) this weekend from the   London News Review  stable.  You may remember   a few weeks ago I discussed  this Brick Lane-centered publication and advised its linchpin and propagandiser-in-chief Paul Carr to stick to his Internet publishing career.  Some minor umbrage was taken at my criticisms of the  London News Review  (later cleared up) and the course was set.  A few weeks later... it turns out that Paul will be concentrating purely on his considerable portfolio of net publishing interests and leaving the  London News Review .  So what has brought this on, you may or may not ask? Well...   "The London News Review is at a critically important phase of its development - a phase where external investment is being introduced in order to guarantee the paper's future in print. And to provide the company with new and larger fridges. Inevitably, one of the conditions of this investment involves ceding a certain amount of control over the editorial content of the paper to outside forces. From a commercial point of view, this makes perfect sense. But from an editor's point of view, it's not something Paul feels entirely comfortable with."     "[C]eding a certain amount of control over the editorial content of the paper to outside forces" ? Blimey, not surprised he's off, laptop and ADSL cables trailing behind him.  I know I'd be.  Our Publisher forced us to accept Google ads on the site, just to pay for a revamp (which is sat on some bod in Seattle's Apple Mac at the moment, but I've seen it and it looks fab, honest), so I need talk.  But I did draw the line at AdultFriendFinder.com.  Here's to the Internet, anyhow.  Though even that has its fair share of   detrius  and roadkill...  Speaking of which, another member of the Stevens clan to go online is my cousin,   Geoff .  Geoff's   an actor in Hollywood , of all places, and has taken to advertising his repertoire on the net for any budding Senor Spielbergos who fancy casting 'some English guy' in one of their films (sorry, 'movies').  I like the way he gets in the first line of his biog that we went to the same secondary school as Jamie Bell of  Billy Elliot  fame (well obviously he didn't mention me, but that's not the point).  Actually, there's only three males of our generation in the female-centric Stevens family and his brother (who also went to Northfield School) is a model in Brazil.  I'm under no pressure, obviously...  And another site that merits a mention via the tried and tested technique of pouring flattery on  3AM  is the   Lost in Hype  blog, which I assume hails from Manchester.   3AM  Co-Editor HP Tinker was getting all lonely up there on his own but soon there'll be another two Co-Editors from the Liverpool/Manchester megalopolis joining him.  For something with a supposidly global remit,  3AM  is definitely acquiring a curiously English flavour, a curiously  Northern  English flavour.  A good job we're adding another London-based Co-Editor then, just for balance of course.