          Helen Walsh  Helen Walsh's debut  Brass  has just been published by   Canongate  to great acclaim, with   rave write-ups  all over the shop.  Once again,   3AM  took a few moments to grill her on Scousers, literary influences and transgenderism:  3AM: What compelled you to write your novel? How would you categorise your writing style?  HW: I've always been besotted with the cathedral area of Liverpool. With its cobbled streets and delicious and diverse melt of people it has to be the most bohemian red light sprawl in Europe. I used to cycle into Uni, and on my way home, I'd pass through its meandering cobbled streets, to watch the girls ply their trade outside the Georgian houses of dons and barristers. As a teenager, I found that an incredibly romantic sight.  The character Millie was more a product of my time in Barcelona. Again the red light district there is very glamorous, but it is also very fluid. There is something for everyone regardless of your gender or sexuality. Perfect for someone like Millie. Jamie was more a product of my time spent with young Liverpool men. I trained at a boys' boxing gym in South Liverpool and that's where I picked up the nuances of the South Liverpool accent. Like many working class young men in South Liverpool, Jamie is decent, honest, hardworking but seems to be supressed by the strong moral codes he espouses.  3AM: How do you feel about the positive reaction  Brass  has  received? Do you worry it'll make your more complacent about future books or that you have expectations to live up to?  HW: When I wrote  Brass , I wrote a book, quite selfishly for me -- I wrote something that I would want to read.  It's brilliant then, that it's had such a positive reaction.  Expectations are always high for a writer's second novel, but I'm not stressed. You have to shut yourself off from the outside world, and I guess, just write what's in your heart.  3AM: Much of the publicity you've received homes in on aspects of your background -- does this annoy you? To that extent, how did these factors influence what you write about?  HW: No, not at all. I made a decision before  Brass  was released not to shy away from questions about my background because I wanted to defend my characters. I wanted to authenticate them. I wanted people to believe that Millie's sexuality is a very real product of modern city life.   3AM: What about locality, how important is that to you?  HW: Very much so.  Brass  could not have been written in any other city but Liverpool. It is a Liverpool novel.  3AM: You've lived on the continent, as well as England.  Do you view yourself as belonging to Europe, England, Liverpool or in a more international sense?  HW: I'm always getting teased by fellow Scousers for not being the real thing. I was born in Warrington which makes me a 'Wool!' I have huge amounts of affection for Liverpool, and I can't see myself living anywhere else in the UK. My family live in Warrington though and I love going back there.  3AM: What other contemporary writers do you rate at the moment? What about influences?  HW: Laura Hird, Louise Welsh, Maggie Estep... which is weird cos all my influences as an adolescent were very male -- Bukowski, Dostoyevksi, Steinbeck, Fante and more recently, Irvine Welsh, Niall Griffiths and Kevin Sampson.  3AM: If your writing addresses issues of sexuality, how do you avoid any negative portrayal?  HW: I don't. I've always been very open and honest about sex and sexuality. I've grown up in an environment where homosexuality, transgenderism and other sexual minorities have had as much authority as heterosexuality.