          Aniruddha Bahal  Recently   Aniruddha Bahal  (investigative journalist, author of the excellent  Bunker 13  and winner of last year's  Literary Review  'Bad Sex Prize') took some time out to speak to    3AM  :  3AM: How did it feel to receive the  Literary Review 's Bad Sex Prize?   AB: It was an enjoyable evening and I think much less of a stigma than is imagined by some people. It's quite funny and I had a good time.  3AM: Did it improve sales of the book?   AB: A little bit but nothing dramatic. It's good profiling for the author though and many people come to know about your work.  3AM: Do you feel such an award should exist?  AB: There's no harm in it. As it is books and anything related to books doesn't really get the space in mainstream media that it should get hence this creation of novelties to try and interest the media.  3AM: Do you feel contemporary Indian fiction shuns or avoids discussion of sex?   AB: I shouldn't think so. Though socially there is a moral position on sex as it is in many societies. In India it is a rather less freer position than what it was in ancient Hindu society.  3AM: How do you view the role of sex in contemporary Indian society in general?  AB: It's not as healthy as it could be. But much goes on behind closed doors. For the males though there is a huge repression problem which manifests itself in crimes like rape, the majority of them going unreported.  3AM: Do you see yourself as a specifically Indian author or as more belonging to the republic of letters in a more general sense?  AB: It would be too discomforting to be slotted as an Indian author in the longer run. I guess it is unavoidable though in your first few books.  3AM: Your book approaches both politics and journalism in India with a cynical mindset.  Do you agree with this assertion? To what extent are these specifically Indian problems?  AB: My background is in journalism and journalists as a rule are much more cynical than others. This has to do with them getting exposed to the seamier side of human nature almost everywhere. There is nothing Indian about it. I think it applies universally.  3AM: How did you develop the character of MM? The first person narration with the emphasis on the reader is very unusual -- how did you develop this?  AB: The tone is something which I thought would immerse the reader more in that particular material. Put him or her in a cockpit like situation. And I think it has worked that way.  3AM: What fictional influences do you have?  AB: Influences would be a strong word. But I have many favourites. I love the British classics. Then, of course, I love the American writers that came up in the 60s and 70s. The Joseph Hellers, Tom Wolfes, Ken Kaseys etc. I think there is much more energy and direction with American writing these days.   3AM: You're a journalist -- what journalists (past and present) do you rate?  AB: Any journalist who has had the courage to take on a system or peoples and has suffered for bringing out the truth but has done it regardless.  3AM: You edit a website -- how do you view the internet's role as part of the media? Hype or the only show in town?  AB: The internet is here to stay. Most of us so-called literate browse the net one or two hours a day on an average. It has taught mainstream media to be more supple and brought in the concept of a continuous deadline.  3AM: What do you plan next to bring about some controversy for yourself?  AB: Well, I am working on some things. Both fiction as well as non-fiction. I don't as a rule go hunting for controversy. It's not a very relishing experience.  Though sometimes it is unavoidable because of the nature of your work.