          Psychogeographic Shack, that's where it's at  Turn out of New Cross station, down Amersham Vale, past the pet hospital, allotments, police station and Deptford Green secondary school.  Turn left onto Edward Street, past the Celestial Church of Christ, past the tube drivers' staff room and under the railway lines.  Continue round so you're on Sandford Street with Canary Wharf now in view, past all the England flags hanging off council flat balconies and Vietnamese slogans in windows.  Pass BJ's cafe and continue on where it morphs into Trundleys Road, up past all the scrap yards and under the railway arches with fly-tipped sofas underneath them, past all the Millwall banners on houses and cars, past the derelict Rival Envelope Co. Ltd depot and the Old Manor House pub onto Bush Road to navigate the one-way system around Surrey Quays tube station.  Pass Tantastic and the Docklands Cafe with their Millwall banners and cross at the pawnbrokers to get onto the Lower Road, where the Swiss Re Tower comes into view, passing Jubilee Sandwiches, La Cigale and the Surrey Docks pub.  Then past Surrey Quays tube station up to the pedestrian crossing (replete with half-torn BNP St George stickers) next to The Caulkers pub with its Millwall banners up, past The China Hall pub and the Swedish Seaman's Church.  Cross the road and turn onto Surrey Quays Road, past the old Dock Offices and Canada Water tube station and continue round onto Needleham Street, past the printing works for the  Daily Mail  and  Evening Standard , taking care to traverse the plot of wasteland-cum-skatepark and down a path through unkept shrubbery onto the Albion Estate, past all the Millwall banners, before coming onto Brunel Road and past the Adam and Eve pub with its Respect sticker outside, whereupon you enter Rotherhithe tube station and travel through the orange 70s decor, onto the platform and take a train through the Brunel-built tunnel one stop under the River Thames to Wapping tube station, alighting here.  Travel up Wapping Lane, past the warehouses-cum-yuppie flats, past the White Swan pub and the unclean water of Tobacco Dock, turning left onto The Highway, then right onto Dellow Street.  Then you turn right onto Cable Street, past Shadwell tube station, then right onto Watney Street, past the Old House at Home pub and Shadwell DLR station and onto Watney Market before hitting Commercial Road, turning right there to pass the disused synagogue and turning left up Jubilee Street, site of the anarchist social club in the late 1800s/early 1900s, past a solitary West Ham FC banner.  Turn right onto Adelina Street, past the Rinkoff Bakery (the last remaining Jewish bakery in the East End) and onto Sidney Street, site of the seige of Sidney Street by Russian anarchists in 1911, before turning left onto Whitechapel Road, past the infamous Blind Beggar pub of Kray Twins fame.  Continue up Whitechapel Road, past the Grave Maurice pub of Morrissey fame, past Urban Bar and the Royal London Hospital, before passing the East London Mosque, Indo bar and the Rhythm Factory club then the Nag's Head strip bar ("10 - girl of your choice").  Pass the Aldgate East tube and the Whitechapel Gallery (maybe checking out Freedom Books the anarchist bookseller down Angel Alley) and up Osborn Street onto the now infamous Brick Lane of Banglatown, up past a plethora of Indian restaurants, before hitting the Old Truman Brewery with Cafe 1001, 93 Feet East and the Vibe Bar.  This then brings you to Shoreditch tube station.  You have just walked the entire length of the East London Line.