          GG up  I was standing in the street with seven other guys, four of whom I had never seen before, and waiting for the moment to come. We had been told the priceless mummy would be stolen from the British Museum at 6, that it would be taken out hidden in a laundry van, before being transferred to a four-horse, nineteenth-century hearse. I knew it was a stupid idea, but the organiser of the job was the grandson of London's last successful operator of horse-driven hearse services, and he was a superstitious bloke. He was a plain junkie too. The hearse had been gathering dust in a dockside shed for the last 50 years.  The furry suits were bundled at our feet now, and it was freezing cold. The wooden hearse had been parked against an iron fence surrounding a small garden, and from the narrow, piss-reeking passage where we stood hidden, we could see passers-by casting curious glances at the vehicle.  Who would look for a mummy in a hearse? Insane bit of reasoning. How insane we had learnt when we found out that there were no black horses to be found for hire in London that week. So Tommy, the undertaker's grandson, had rung up a friend who worked in a circus and managed to procure four horse suits. Two men per suit, one in front, one in the back.  We heard the screeching tires of the laundry van before we saw it. It came to an abrupt stop behind the hearse. Three guys, including Tommy, opened the doors of the van and transferred a pine coffin into the hearse. All the while Tommy's eyes looked for us. He sneezed violently.  This was our cue. We all bent double and started to wiggle into our horse suits. Fortunately, I was one of the front guys. We then trotted straight for the hearse, stumbling every two steps, and we took our place in front of the ramshackle vehicle. we could not see much of what was going on behind us, but we supposed we were being harnessed to the hearse. After a minute or two, I heard the engine's van, being turned on in my back, and presently I heard the mad laughter of Tommy, as the van roared away. When I tried to turn around to see what was going on, I realized we had been tied to the fence. I stretched my neck as far to one side as I could and caught a glance of the van, with the hearse in tow, turning a corner at the end of the street at full speed. There were only the 8 of us left, in our four horse suits, tied to the fucking brass rails. Thinking how we could get away from the situation without loosing too much face, I raised my eyes to look around if anybody in the surrounding buildings was watching us through their windows.   And that's when I saw Bertie's sleep-puffed face, an incredulous look on his face.