          20 Questions  The lady gets name-checked a lot by other bloggers, so who better to have on here than   Maud Newton ?  Why do you blog?  I started on a lark, on a blogspot blog, while procrastinating on my writing.  Over time I focused more on books and moved the blog to its current location.  Now it's a compulsion.   What are your favourite blogs?  Oh, God, how many can I list? I'm a blog junkie.  Of the literary blogs, just off the top of my head, everyday reads are   Old Hag ,   The Elegant Variation ,   Moorish Girl ,   Bookninja ,   Return of the Reluctant ,   Rake's Progress ,   Golden Rule Jones ,   Kitabkhana ,   The Reading Experience ,   Beatrice ,   The Literary Saloon ,   Splinters ,   Scribbling Woman ,   The Mumpsimus ,   Crooked Timber  and   Sarah Weinman's site , which concentrates mostly on crime fiction but also includes some unusual publishing links.  I'm sure I'm forgetting somebody. Sean Walsh of   The London News Review Books Diary  is funny and bright, and I wish he'd update more often.  Of the culture blogs with a wider range, my favorites are   About Last Night ,   The Fold Drop ,   Cup of Chicha  and the venerable   TMFTML .    No Rock & Roll Fun  is the best music site -- damn, that guy's hilarious -- and I'll also put in a good word for   SFJ ,   Stereogum , and   Voltage .    Cinetrix  for film.    That Brutal Joint  for architecture.  My favorite personal site, hands down, is Dana's   Twinkle Twinkle Blah Blah Blah Etc .  Also   Dong Resin . And I love   The Antigeist , online and in person.  She's an old friend.   What are you reading at the moment?   I've been going back and forth between a bunch of books, including the new John Barth story collection.  Yesterday I was distracted from all of them when McSweeney's Issue 13, the comics issue, arrived in the mail.    It's stunning, possibly the most beautiful book I've ever seen -- hardcover, 316 pages, with a foldout, Sunday comics-style cover.  Inside are fascinating personal essays from Ira Glass and Chris Ware, along with a historical perspective on the art of comics. And it's packed with selections from some of the most prominent contemporary cartoonists. It's a great introduction for the uninitiated like me, those unfamiliar with comics and graphic novels aside from, say,  Ghost World ,  Peanuts , and Spiegelman's  Maus  books.   What is the best book you've ever read?  I'm going to say it's a toss-up between Graham Greene's  The End of the Affair  and Walker Percy's  The Moviegoer.   What is your favourite poem?  "Neutral Tones," by Thomas Hardy. It's structured around bleak wintry images and contains the lines "Your eyes on me were as eyes that rove/ Over tedious riddles solved years ago" and "The smile on your mouth was the deadest thing/Alive enough to have strength to die."   Who is your favourite musician(s)?  Elvis Costello was, for the longest time. In college, I hung four E.C. posters over my bed, scrawled his lyrics all over my jeans, walked around quoting his songs.   But now he's "just a mere shadow of [his] former selfishness," and that makes me sad.  I know it's impossible to stay as angry as he was, or seemed to be, forever. But he's become so self-promoting and obsequious now that it nearly taints his music for me.   Then I listen to "The Beat" from  This Year's Model  or "Beyond Belief" from  Imperial Bedroom , or  My Aim is True  or  King of America  and I feel understood and melancholy all over again.  (That's a good thing.)   What is your favourite quote?  Today I'll say it's Dorothy Parker's "Resume":      "Razors pain you; Rivers are damp; Acids stain you; And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give; Gas smells awful; You might as well live."    How did you vote in the last election?  For Gore.   What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation?  American imperialism.   What's the best piece of advice you've been given?  Stick with Maker's Mark.   When do you view it permissible to lie?  I'll lie if someone else needs validation and it's not the kind of lie that will hurt that person in the long run.   If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab?  My cats (although I've got this J.M. Coetzee impulse that tells me its wrong to characterize them as "possessions").  Letters from my grandmother.  My laptop.   Define pleasure.  What's that?   Define pain.  Living in a house with 300 caged birds.   What animal would you most like to be?  A cat, because cats are mysterious and slinky, and I'm not.   What has been your best blogging experience?  Being part of a community that cares about fiction.   What has been your worst blogging experience?  Dealing with the bullshit people project onto my blog.   Who are your heroes (in any field)?  (Cue the sentimental music.) My sister.   Who is your favourite comedian of all time?  That's hard.  Eddie Izzard?  Jon Stewart?  Carol Burnett?  David Cross?  One of those.   What one thing would improve the quality of your life?  Xanax.