          20 Questions  Like the proverbial bus, usually a 205 in my case, you wait ages for one blogger to get back to you with their completed 20 Questions and a whole blogroll's worth do at once.  Today is Steve from   Splinters  the   Spike  (not   spiked ) blog's turn:  Why do you blog?  I have a lot to say and nobody else will listen.   What are your favourite blogs?    Wood s lot  and   Lenin's Tomb .   What are you reading at the moment? Lichtenberg and the Little Flower Girl  by Gert Hofmann. By a long way, the best novel to be published in the English-speaking world this year!   What is the best book you've ever read?  Not a difficult question for me at all: Thomas Bernhard's  Extinction  What is your favourite poem?  Dante's  Commedia  Who is your favourite musician(s)?  Bonnie 'Prince' Billy and Bill Callahan (of Smog)   What is your favourite quote?  "I quote another man's saying; unluckily that other withdraws himself in the same way, and quotes me." Ralph Waldo Emerson   How did you vote in the last election?  Socialist Alliance.   What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation?  Time.   What's the best piece of advice you've been given?  Can't think of anything!   When do you view it permissible to lie?  When no harm will come of it.   If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab?  Probably the letters from my late friend Carl, as they're the only things that are irreplaceable.   Define pleasure.  The beginning of the end of pain.   Define pain.  Oneness!   What animal would you most like to be?  A particular horse.   What has been your best blogging experience?  'Experience' isn't the word I'd use, but Jessa Crispin of   Bookslut  calling Splinters her favourite lit blog.   What has been your worst blogging experience?  Getting snotty comments from anonymous ignorami.   Who are your heroes (in any field)?  Thomas Bernhard. Gabriel Josipovici. Maurice Blanchot. The entire Portsmouth football team.   Who is your favourite comedian of all time?  Monty Python.   What one thing would improve the quality of your life?  A cure.