          20 Questions     Moorish Girl &nbsp;becomes the latest litblogger to answer our&nbsp;20 Questions:   Why do you blog?  I started the blog as a way to keep track of what I was reading on the Internet. Initially there was quite a mix of politics and book-related banter, but lately it's been mostly about books.    What are your favourite blogs?    Maud Newton  is probably the best book blog around.   The Elegant Variation  is a must-read.   Bookninja  always has an unexpected link or article.   Return of the Reluctant  offers a very eclectic mix of material.   Literary Saloon  is incredibly thorough. And   TMFTML  and   Old Hag  are a good way to start and end the day.    What are you reading at the moment?  I just started a novel by an Arab Israeli author named Sayed Kashua, it's called  Dancing Arabs.   What is the best book you've ever read?  That's a tough one to answer. There are so many books to choose from, and my answer would probably be different depending on when you ask. Today, I'm going to pick  Lolita.   What is your favourite poem?  Anything by Pablo Neruda.    Who is your favourite musician(s)?  Right now I'm listening to a lot of Audioslave.    What is your favourite quote?  No snowflake in an an avalanche ever feels responsible -- Voltaire.    How did you vote in the last election?  Not for Bush. And I plan on keeping it that way in the next election.    What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation?  The O.C.    What's the best piece of advice you've been given?  "It doesn't matter, we're all going to die, anyway." My husband said that to me once. It helped.    When do you view it permissible to lie?  When you're caught.    If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab?  My laptop.    Define pleasure.  Finding a good book.    Define pain.  Being without Wi-Fi.    What animal would you most like to be?  A bird.    What has been your best blogging experience?  Getting emails from people.    What has been your worst blogging experience?  Getting emails from people.    Who are your heroes (in any field)?  Han Solo.    Who is your favourite comedian of all time?  At the moment, I'd say Jon Stewart.    What one thing would improve the quality of your life?  I'm pretty satisfied with the quality of my life as it is.