          Kill Bush 2?  So   Michael Moore  won the 'Golden Palm' at the Cannes movie festival this week, the highest, most prestigious award in the French movie industry, and more generally one of the most notable in the French artistic scene at large. Watch Moore's reaction, irritatingly dubbed in French,   here . (choose "Interview / Photo Call Palme d'or : Fahrenheit 911")  The event, viewed from France at least, has its importance. The media attention devoted to the festival each year is comparable to what you usually get for royalty weddings,and Cannes is by many accounts the center of the film world during its week of screenings. In many ways too, Cannes represents a consensual view of cinema in this country, that is, a lot of people identify with at least part of the selection, that ranges from big American productions, virtually assured to be profitable with or without the jury's accolade, to more obscure, in recent years often Asian movies with more unusual aesthetical and/or narrative approaches. The movies that receive awards certainly enjoy a success they would hardly have had without the exposure.  So the impact of Moore's triumph is politically and culturally meaningful, and if I understand Bush's psychology, I wouldn't be surprised if Cannes were now high on his invasion/bombing agenda. The mix of intellectual and popular interest in the Cannes awards ceremony sends a very unambiguous message about France's appreciation of Bush's errings. The secondary debate on the legitimacy of such a political choice in a supposedly exclusively artistic context will certainly not have much weight. The jury, in an unprecedented post-ceremony press conference, felt the need to give artistic justification to their choice, but while I wouldn't question Moore's talent as a film-maker, beyond his politics, his is a cinema of ideas before anything else.   More practically, this could mean that Moore may be able to show his movie to the Americans before the next presidential election in America, something we all hope for, if only for democracy's sake. The (mildly) French left-wing daily newspaper "  Liberation " used the title 'Kill Bush 2' to refer to the event. I very much doubt that in any context, American or European, a work of art can be enough to decide an election, but for once in a very long time, I have not been that ashamed to be French after all. Although to be fair, Quentin Tarantino's tenancy as chairman of the jury may have had some influence on the final decision. If it were only me, he'd be very welcome here if he ever needed political asylum. Same for Moore, but I'd have to ask him to lose the baseball hat. If he's not an ungrateful bastard, Moore should switch to   berets  now. I'd be happy to send him one if he asks.