          On Naked Ladies  In this good weather you can't help but notice women's bodies.  You notice little things about the girls you meet, like the freckles on their upper arms, or hairy toes, or birdlike ankles, or a fine down covering their cleavage -- but there's nothing quite like the   Turkish Baths  for the full revelation of what other women really look like naked.    In the baths at York Hall today I learned of the democracy of cellulite, and the immense variety of women's bodies.  There was one stunning hourglass of a black woman in red lace knickers who walked into the steam room covered in foam, and shrieked as she poured cold water over herself with a bucket. There was an Eastern European woman in the shower, with a few teeth missing, and who had strangely discoloured skin on her hips.  There was the white woman lolling like a seal on a slat in the hot room, across from a lithe brunette doing stretches.  There was a woman in her 30s with white horizontal stretch marks across her back.  Then there was the Chinese woman in her 40s, with tattooed eyeliner on her lower lids, who sat on a bench holding a single, melting ice cube.  Almost completely flat-chested, she had nipples that stood out like brown jelly beans, and she had the politest strip of a Brazilian I'd ever seen.      It was a lovely afternoon, subsequently ruined by going to see   Gillian Wylde's  halfhearted show at   Toynbee Studios .  After hearing one of GW's pony-tailed entourage sing  Every Day Is Like Sunday  while listening to a walkman, and after suffering a self-indulgent stream-of-consciousness spiel about research and process by la Wylde herself in a quiet monotone, I went to look at the fruits of all this process and research I'd heard so much about.  One was quite fun - it was a kaleidoscopic video of the artist, playing an electric guitar while topless - her breasts and arms merged in and out of another psychedelically, sometimes making the whole mess look like a giant nipple-headed musician with a two-necked guitar.  Just after this, however, came another vid of Wylde sticking the stem of an iris up her arse, which was painted brown, and doing what appeared to be kegel exercises in order to waggle the flower around like a tail. After two minutes of exposure to her pulsating anus I was faintly nauseated, but none the wiser as to her artistic intentions.