          20 Questions  This week's 20 Questions comes from   Mark Sarvas  of   The Elegant Variation  litblog.  He likes Scotchguard, apparently.  Why do you blog?  As an outlet for crippling insecurity and acute loneliness.  It's also an excuse to keep me from my real writing.  Oh, I also do like books.   What are your favourite blogs?  Why, Joe Bloggs, of course.  (Did I mention I'm also an incorrigible ass-kisser?)  The blogs that manage to pierce  the clouds of narcissism that surround me are listed in my blogroll, and I'll probably hurt all sorts of feelings if I leave people out here.  But daily must-reads include the following:   Maud Newton , sine qua non of literary blogs.  (TEV has been my poor attempts at a Maud impersonation, and if I could only visit one site, it would be hers.);  Sarah Weinman's excellent   Confessions of an Idiosyncratic Mind , focusing on crime fiction with energy and style; Dan Green's thought-provoking   The Reading Experience  has been a literary education for me.  Ron Hogan's   Beatrice  is always thoughtful and - together with my great friend Ed Champion of fantastically exuberant   Return of the Reluctant  keep the evil Book Babes in check.  I'm also a daily reader of   Moorishgirl , who is doing excellent things with her site particularly in terms of reviews.  Sam Jones'   Golden Rule Jones  is also a daily stop.  And then there are the indispensable   Old Hag  and the mighty   TMFTML , without whom I'd have precious little to laugh about, and who make me feel better about my own drinking habits.   What are you reading at the moment?  I'm finishing up  Mortification , a collection of Embarrassing Writer Stories, which I'll be reviewing at TEV.  I'm also reading Percival Everett's  American Desert , also for review on my site.  I'm working my way through Donald Barthelme's  60 Stories .  And I'm working through William H.Gass' collection of essays,  Fiction and the Figures of Life.  What is the best book you've ever read?  I don't think I can answer this.  I suppose it defends on your definition of the best written?  The best constructed?  Or the one that made me feel best?  Anyway, I'm terrified of commitment.  But since I can't seem to go a week without plugging him in some fashion, I'll answer "Every book by John Banville."   I'm particularly partial to  Athena  and  Eclipse.  What is your favourite poem?  It's probably   'The Layers'  by former poet laureate Stanley Kunitz, which contains this wonderfully sad line that I use to open my novel-in-progress:  "How shall the heart be reconciled/to its feast of losses?"   Who is your favourite musician(s)?  Bill Evans' piano playing is one of the few things that might almost convince me there's a God.     What is your favourite quote?  I've never been able to sort out the attribution for this one, but it so perfectly sums up my own uneasy relationship to my work:  "I like having written."   How did you vote in the last election?  Gore, of course.  Sent him money, too.  And "I've ranted about this before" I've never forgiven Nader and his followers for having so naively perpetuated this grand lie that there's no difference between Republicans and Democrats.  That one's come home to roost, sadly.   What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation?  George W. Bush.  And this is not hyperbole.  We're standing on the brink of a dark ages in this country, and the choice probably hasn't been as stark since 1860 when Lincoln ran against Douglas.  His administration is riddled with evil all the way to the core, and, as a committed internationalist, I despair for America's future and its place in the world.     What's the best piece of advice you've been given?  I used to drink at this Los Angeles bar called the Cat and the Fiddle with my dear friend Eric, and after he'd listen patiently to my complaining and whining and moaning about the various difficulties and injustices of the writing life, he'd give me an unimpressed look and say, "Shut up and write." Shut up and write.  Words I live by, to this day.   When do you view it permissible to lie?  When my agent wants to know how far along the rewrite I've gotten.  It's not like he doesn't know.   If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab?  My laptop and my 1963 Hofner Beatle bass.  It's the violin shaped bass guitar the Paul McCartney played with the Beatles, and I've had one since my Beatle band days in college.   Define pleasure.   Being in Paris with my wife.  I go there every year.  There's a cafe on Place Saint Sulpice with rows of chairs out front, and I've probably spent some of my happiest moments right there.   Define pain.  These days, it's reading the newspaper.  The helplessness in the face of truly disastrous times.   What animal would you most like to be?  No idea.  I don't think being an animal has much to recommend itself for.  Let's say a housefly, they only have a lifespan of a few weeks, right?  Might as well get it over quickly.   What has been your best blogging experience?  It's probably a toss-up between the first time Maud Newton linked to a piece of mine  I couldn't believe anyone was actually reading  and my recent interview with Andrew Sean Greer, which was an example of new doors that are opening thanks to the blog.   What has been your worst blogging experience?  Only getting 36 signatures on   my petition  to dump the Book Babes.   Who are your heroes (in any field)?  I'm suspicious of heroes - I find that sort of adulation slightly dangerous.  But the closest I come would be my previously mentioned friend Eric (of "Shut up and write.").  He was a child actor whose career ran out of steam, and rather than give in to L.A. despair when the phone stopped ringing, he had both second and third acts.  He went back to school as an adult, graduated Berkeley with honors, taught English in Japan, then came home to work for the good guys on Capitol Hill.  Then he moved into the non-profit world, where he's been working directly to help people improve their lives.     Who is your favourite comedian of all time?  Until Eddie Izzard came along it would have been John Cleese.  But Izzard is brilliant, magnificent, unlike anyone I've ever seen.   What one thing would improve the quality of your life?  A big, fat sale for my book.  Of course, that probably means I have to finish it, first.