          Joy Zipper + 10 000 Things, ULU 14/5/04  On Friday, an email pops in the in-box kindly inviting me to go and see 10 000 Things, who are supporting   Joy Zipper .  I was planning on attending the   Angular  event but a trip to ULU (round the corner) is preferable to braving early morning transport home from Brixton.  An opportunity to shoegaze should never be passed up either.  I was surprised to see   Matt Thorne  in the crowd -- so even novelists do gigs, I now know.  10 000 Things, as suggests their support act status, are first on and proceed to plunge into a set of grungey Oasis-esque numbers, a kind of Gallagher brothers after a few Thee Hypnotics albums and a bottle of Jack Daniels each.  As well as sounding like 10 000 Maniacs in name, 10 000 Things have the misfortune to suffer from Ordinary Boys Syndrome visually (ie. each band member looks as if they should be in another band).  But frontman Sam Riley has more front than Southend and strikes up an instant rapport with the audience between songs in the manner of a stand-up comedian, displaying his Leeds origins with a gruff Northern accent.  Lyrically-speaking, the songs ('Dogsbody'?) won't be winning any Ivor Novello Awards, dealing as they do with everyday topics of little gravitas such as work, fidelity and alcoholism.  It never did Oasis any harm commercially but some might be a little distracted from their brand of straight, down the line rock n'roll by this.  If dirty and raucous does it for you then 10 000 Things should work a treat.  Unfortunately, mesmerising and wistful does it for me -- so I am more than content with the performance of Joy Zipper.  Wrongly described in pre-gig publicity as Beach Boys-esque, Joy Zipper owe a clear debt to My Bloody Valentine (they're produced by Kevin Shields) and come across as a contemporary take on the Mazzy Star franchise.  Their second album's title,  American Whip , evokes memories of Veruca Salt's  American Thighs  -- but hopefully they'll have more staying power than them.   American Whip  is a  Loveless  for Generation Y and the duo of Tabitha Tindale and Vincent Carfiso more than cut it live to boot, breathing new life in to the previously assumed decaying corpse of shoegazing.  I can't recall a gig I've ever felt so affected by what's going on on-stage.  Perfect.