          Wanna work for us, Piers?  A few months back,  3AM  embarked on a valiant struggle against the    Daily Mirror   following its decision to publish a  3am Magazine  based on the franchise afforded by their popular   3am Girls  gossip column.  The plan was that this magazine would, using the award-winning 3am Girls formula, resuscitate the  Mirror 's ailing fortunes.  We were already encountering problems with some people in the media confusing  us  (  3AM Magazine ) with  them  (3am Girls) and a magazine under the name of 3am Magazine would only exacerbate matters further.  Editor Piers Morgan (known affectionately to  Private Eye  as 'Piers Moron' on a regular basis) had invested a lot of personal credibility in  3am Magazine 's ability to revive the failing tabloid however and the project had his unwavering support.  Our valiant struggle failed, amid a morass of lawyers' letters and our profound inability to match their financial might -- but so did their plan to save the  Mirror  using Jordan and make-up tips.  A few months on and their much-vaunted publication is as well-received as a Thanksgiving Turkey in Iraq -- which pretty much mirrors (no pun intended) the launch night for the publication held in London's hideous Leicester Square (soon to be home of MTV, apparently), which featured more z-celebs than a night out with   Dean Gaffney .  To compound their misery further (much further, in fact) calls are being made for   Piers Morgan's resignation , from the floor of Parliament through to other echelons of Fleet Street, following the revelation that the  Mirror 's pictures of  British  squaddies torturing Iraqi detainees were faked.  Morgan's schtick as editor of a British tabloid (not the most credible of avenues in journalism) has been to claim a mission to revive the paper's populist left remit and to badge himself as a media commentator and standard bearer of ethical conduct.  So it remains to be seen whose shelf-life will come to an end soonest -- the Mirror's  3am Magazine  or Piers Morgan's tenure in the editor's chair there.  Never mind Piers, you could always come and work for us if you turn up to Canary Wharf and find you're no longer wanted there.