          Love on the East London Line  I was surprised to read a   more than laudatory analysis of the 'New Cross scene'  (if you can call it that) in this week's    NME   (see Richard Cabut's review of the Angular Night last month   here ).  Surprised in a kind of 'they're waxing lyrical about places I go and people I know' kinda way.  It was always bound to be thus -- I lived in the area for most of the time I've been in London, did a Masters at Goldsmiths College, worked as a press officer at Lewisham Council and still live on the East London Line.    The article portrays the   Paradise Bar  on New Cross Road as some kind of latter-day   Good Mixer  or a   Rhythm Factory  south of the river.  Until the 'Pop Of The Tops' night mentioned in the article, I'd always given the Paradise Bar a wide berth -- aside from a few good drum and bass nights there in the 1990s, it was a venue that was more synonymous with violence for me (a uni friend got a good pasting over nothing by a bunch of estate kids there a few years back).  The area may have Goldsmiths College to call its own, but most of the students who attend there tend to frequent where they live, which isn't always New Cross, though I have amusing memories of moody goth parties on Lewisham Way that remain with me to this day.    You can count the decent pubs in New Cross on one hand -- Camden it aint my friend, despite what they might say.  Two of the best bars -- Goldsmiths Tavern (some legendary ska nights in there, a graffiti-strewn punk dive of note) and the Mulberry Tree -- did not survive their recent re-fits intact.  The Amersham Arms does some good   live nights  but don't draw too much attention to yourself in the front bar as the regulars can get a bit lively themselves.  The Marquis of Granby is good for a pint and a natter but the Walpole Arms over the road has degenerated into a refuge for estate kids who want to quaff alcopops and listen to Britney or Justin.  The Hobgoblin opposite New Cross Gate station is probably your best bet for a pint and a go on the jukebox and seems to be the most student-centric boozer in the area if you fancy a trip on the East London Line to try and pull a future Damien Hirst or Sarah Lucas.  The chaotic array of   shops  around the college are also worth checking out during the daytime.  Where the article is spot-on is in the dedication of both the people behind   Angular Recordings  and the   Rocklands Tourist Board , who have flogged their guts out mercilessly over the past few years to make this happen, with   the local council  only sitting up and taking notice since articles like that of the  NME  began to appear.  Possibly because the Socialist Party and the Greens have begun winning seats on the council there.  You can check out our East London Line blog   here  and the Rocklands blog   here  to find out more.  You can also   watch the video  to   Art Brut 's now seminal 'Formed a Band' or   listen to  Bloc Party's 'She's Hearing Voices'.