          Is Britain shit?  Went to see   Selfish Cunt  at the   London School of Economics  last night.  Support was provided by Prey and the always entertaining   Pink Grease , and I was accompanied by   Marco  and   Zan .  First reflection should be on the bar prices there -- 1.90 for a pint of Stella, which is surprising in a city where I generally expect to come away with little change from 3 at the bar.  Made mental note to return.  Some of   the crowd  were somewhat unusual, from emaciated types with quiffs to pot-bellied goths letting it all hang out.  The girl selling the merchandise, a peroxided waif, was doing likewise, insisting on flashing her bikini top to us from under her fake fur coat and even letting some customers grope her.  Marco bought a couple of singles, I noticed.  Geek chic was the order of the evening.  Pre-gig band tapes are always interesting to me -- 'This Town Aint Big Enough For The Both Of Us' by Sparks nestled next to 'Top of the Pops' by The Rezillos.  Prey specialised in fraught r n' b workouts -- no vocals.  The sound was very much Cramps meets Neu! with a heavy emphasis on the surf drums.  A good live performance but not sure how well it'd translate onto vinyl.  Pink Grease remained true to garish form, with much in the way of camp in a kind of non-ironic Electric 6 way.  Once again, The Cramps were instantly recalled.  While the band had much in the way of theatrics to rely upon, the distinct lack of a back catalogue ensured the set was relatively short.   "We're your fantasy band, assholes!"  yelped the lead guitarist, replete with whiteboy afro and goggles.  It was an incendiary display, capped off with the sound cutting out as the inter-band tape came back on, 'Freak Scene' by Dinosaur Jr perplexing a few people around us.  Once Selfish Cunt mount the stage not long after this, confusion reigns supreme.  Coming across as a contemporary take on Suicide, the assault on the senses is deafening and baffling.  Singer Martin, no stranger to camp theatrics himself, begins with back turned to the audience, before writhing around to the strains of guitar that is abrasive yet sometimes New Wave-styled.  The presence is almost messianic to some extent and the ethos entirely confrontational.  I am loathe to participate in the process of heaping hype on an already over-hyped act, but Selfish Cunt's neo-manifesto of applying shock treatment to fundamental tenets of the British psyche (cf. their   'Britain is Shit'  single) and attempting to represent an affront to moral decency are just what the pop charts require after what seems like centuries of turgid indie rock.  It's almost as if Throbbing Gristle never went away.  In truth though, the night belonged to Pink Grease.  We may have been stood in the same place that the London crowd of 1968 held college authorities to ransom in the name of Vietnam, but the revolution is now sexual as the ghosts of Roxy Music fornicate openly and flirt with your affections.