          20 Questions  Today's 15 megabytes of fame outside of their own weblog comes from the pseudonymous Inspector Sands of the   Casino Avenue  blog, which focuses on the life of a journalist and Charlton FC fan resident in, erm, Charlton of all places:  Why do you blog?  Because it seemed like a good idea at the time. Now I like it because it's a good way of bringing like-minded types together, as well as putting a few issues in the spotlight which would otherwise be missed.   What are your favourite blogs?  Loads, none of them American, not all listed here.   Diamond Geezer , a wised-up take on capital life which avoids the naiveity of other blogs and most of the media, but never loses its enthusiasm for London.   Onionbagblog , which is savage and witty, but never too cynical.   Pixeldiva  does great things with pictures, while   Bandhag  and   Smacked Face  ooze a lust for life.   Green Fairy  still makes me laugh out loud from time to time, while   Creepy Lesbo  still sounds like someone I want to go drinking with, after a year of reading her.   iCandy ,   The Highrise  and   Not You, The Other One  do fine work for Manchester, Edinburgh and Newcastle - I discover most of my blogs through   London Bloggers , so I don't read enough from other parts of the world.    What are you reading at the moment?  'Be My Enemy' by Christopher Brookmyre. I'm not reading enough at the moment, largely because my coats and jackets have pockets which are too small...   What is the best book you've ever read?  'Animal Farm' and '1984' by George Orwell.    What is your favourite poem?  I cannot for the life of me fathom out why anyone should get worked up about poetry.   Who is your favourite musician(s)?  I am loving the Franz Ferdinand album right now, while I'd walk over hot coals for Ladytron, Tindersticks, the Delgados and Spearmint.   What is your favourite quote?  That Oscar Wilde one about lying in the gutter and looking at the stars.   How did you vote in the last election?  Green. Not sure what I'll do this time.   What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation?  Religious fundamentalism.   What's the best piece of advice you've been given?  Shut up and listen.   When do you view it permissible to lie?  To protect someone else.   If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab?  My Charlton season ticket and my digital radio.    Define pleasure.  The third pint of Guinness, preferably following a sixth Charlton victory on the trot.   Define pain.  Waiting for something that never comes.   What animal would you most like to be?  A pub dog.   What has been your best blogging experience?  Sparking a debate, or getting appreciative comments from people.   What has been your worst blogging experience?  Being screwed over by the awful Enetation commenting system, and discovering there are people who take this all too seriously. And discovering the whining horrors on the Blorgy ratings page - a reminder that once you've found a good blog, cherish it and the person who writes it.   Who are your heroes (in any field)?  Ken Livingstone (until he rejoined the Labour party), Steve Lamacq, Dean Kiely.   Who is your favourite comedian of all time?  The Mary Whitehouse Experience changed my life, even if David Baddiel later became a complete knobber.   What one thing would improve the quality of your life?  A cheque for one hundred trillion pounds. Or the reinstatement of the fast M1 bus between Charlton and North Greenwich stations.