          20 Questions  An intended regular feature on here will be Q+A's with other bloggers, a regular feature hopefully remaining in place (unlike Indie Obscura Day).  The first interview subject is Jessa Crispin, AKA the   Bookslut :  Why do you blog?  Blogging fulfills both my ADD-like tendencies and the huge amounts of time I have on my hands.   What are your favourite blogs?  I actually only read a handful of blogs.   Neil Gaiman 's,   Poundy.com ,  Spike Magazine 's   blog , and then the blogs of the people I know and love.   What are you reading at the moment? You Have to Be Careful in the Land of the Free  by James Kelman;  Louis Reil  by Chester Brown; and  Underground  by Haruki Murakami.   What is the best book you've ever read?  I don't think I can answer that.  Dubliners  by James Joyce maybe. Or  Of Human Bondage  perhaps. I don't know, that's too difficult.   What is your favourite poem?  As is that. I really like Austin Clarke, so perhaps one of his.   Who is your favourite musician(s)?  Bono is quite possibly the Messiah.   What is your favourite quote?  There's a long passage in  The Ground Beneath Her Feet  by Salman Rushdie that ends with "We Soar. We Fly. We Flee." That might be it.   How did you vote in the last election?  I voted for Nader. Mostly because I was living in Texas, and voting for Gore really was throwing my vote away.   What do you consider to be the main threat to civilisation?  President Bush, Karl Rove, and Dick Cheney.   What's the best piece of advice you've been given?  As I was freaking out on the phone to my father, crying and bitching, he just sighed and said, "Jes, some days are going to be like this. And some days are going to be worse." It helped more than you would think.   When do you view it permissible to lie?  Whenever it makes you look good.   If your house was on fire, what possessions would you grab?  My cats. I don't really own anything of value, other than my books, and I would probably die of smoke inhalation trying to get them out.   Define pleasure.   Reading comics on the couch on Sunday afternoons, drinking tea and smelling the dessert I made for Sunday dinners cooling on the counter.   Define pain.   That time I nearly took my finger off with a boning knife. I still have a scar.   What animal would you most like to be?  I'm quite fond of being a human. I wouldn't get to have so many books and so much cheese if I weren't human.   What has been your best blogging experience?  The day Neil Gaiman e-mailed me the first time.   What has been your worst blogging experience?  I don't know. None of the bad stuff really matters.   Who are your heroes (in any field)?  Salman Rushdie in the grace under pressure category. My own father in the being successful in everything he tries to do category. Mike Wallace in the being a delightful bastard category. Dottie Curry in the being a badass category.   Who is your favourite comedian of all time?  Right now I'm obsessed with Eddie Izzard.   What one thing would improve the quality of your life?  Perhaps finding a job. That might be nice. Barring that, a nice windfall of some sort. I should find something I can sue the city about.