i know i haven't been blogging as regularly as i normally do but i'll try to make up for it (by the way, the next week will have almost no blogs from me as i will be in LA for orientation week)...  i went to riverside the other day to turn in my financial aid form and looked around for some apartments; i'm thinking about getting my own one bedroom at $437 a month (how's that for rent compared to irvine or santa barbara?). but i've noticed that when i'm looking at potential places, i'm checking to see if it has plenty of unreserved parking so that during the winter months they'll be plenty of parking for chris, dave, and john... which reminds me, i don't think i can go boarding during the week next quarter seeing as i will have 18 hours of lab a week (with tuesdays having 6 hours of lab) and i don't think i should be missing those labs.  but with next week being my med school orientation, i came to a realization: i have to spend a week with the "biomeds."  now as non-ucr students, you are unfamiliar with the insulting quality of this statement.  people at ucr would intentionally not take a class that has a lot of biomeds in them; if there was a class series (such as bio 5A, B, and C), people would delay taking the series a quarter so that they wouldn't have to compete with them.  this of course then leads to resentment of the biomeds as overstudied overachieving scum... now i may be overachieving and scum, but in no way, shape, or form am i overstudied.  so i never really considered myself a "biomed" (i even had a dream about it but i'll go into that later) and now that i have to spend an entire week with them means that i'm gonna need a lot of alcohol.  anyways, i saw planet of the apes last night and for the most part it was alright; don't get me wrong, i enjoyed it... but there were some things that just bugged me.  like how the male talking chimps looked like chimps whereas the females ones didn't quite look right.  but i blame that more on my strong physical anthropology background... DAMP #50:  second place is just a fancy word for loser