so psych is still raging onward, but it's become more tolerable just because i know the routine now and i don't feel so lost... don't get me wrong, i still hate every second of it.  but at least my resident understands my disdain for it now, and she tells me i can ditch a lot of the crappy meetings that she has to attend.  but i noticed i haven't gone on any sort of rant for a while, so i thought i'd sit down and make an effort.  here goes... - i've been watching the swan lately, and there's a couple things that really irritate me about that show.  don't get me wrong, it's a great show but i have a few issues.  number one is the host.  she has the fakest accent ever... it sounds like a mix between english and australian with an occasional canadian "oot" or "aboot." (however, i just looked her up on imdb.com and found she's from ireland.  but still, her accent kills me.)  number two: after the women get to see themselves in the mirror, they automatically cover their mouths with hands in an act of astonishment.  but i think that's pretty stupid because they're covering up what was worked on.  number three: i hate to believe that as a society, we're so shallow that people are willing to undergo all this torturous surgery and dieting just so their exterior is now pretty.  it's like they're thinking, "i'm so depressed, my marriage is in the crapper, and my life just blows all because i'm not attractive... if only i could change my appearance, life would be great!"  now i'm not against people wanting to look good, but i still like to believe that beauty on the inside is what matters.  (don't get me wrong, i like beauty on the outside too) it just seems to me that they're taking a car that's not running well, the paint is peeling, and there's a couple dents, so they go out and get all that bodywork done without working under the hood.  now i know that the women undergo some therapy, but i think they need to focus more on that... - i'm tired of hearing about barry bonds and blah blah blah about him.  i don't give a fuck.  he's such a one-dimensional player.  all he does is hit homeruns...  oh is that all?  yea, it's not a bad thing for him or his team, but he's not a good defenseman, detracts attention from the problems the giants are having, and we can't go a day without hearing about what milestone he's passed or what record he broke.  yes, he's a great ballplayer but he also has some steroid controversy.  did you know that his hat size increased 2 sizes in 2002 alone? that's kinda odd to me.  (i know, i should stop paying attention to espn so much)... but don't get me started on the red sox-yankees crap... - Los Angeles still sucks.  i've definitely gotten used to living here and i'm more familiar with the city and what it has to offer, but when i went to santa monica beach the other day, it sure as hell was no huntington or santa barbara.  so i have only 9 or 10 months to go here (since i'll be moving out of my apartment next February or so), and i'm counting down the days.  but i am going to look into what days i can go out to dodger stadium to catch a game or five... - my birthday is coming up, looking forward to that.  but i start medicine the monday before my birthday, so i'm not going to be able to party on the weekends as much as i would like.  plus with me having to go back to weekends again, it'll be the first time i worked on a saturday or sunday since halloween.  definitely not looking forward to that.  i think this year i mostly want just clothes... - messed up pretty big this past weekend in that i should have called vinicio and partied with him while we were up there.  i apologize for that mistake, and next time i go up there i'll be sure to call him. - on that note, i'm gonna go get some crappy cafeteria food, find out about watching an ECT procedure, and then head off to bestbuy... and i dunno, maybe give someone a call...