ok so i'm going to try and ramble on as long as possible: i've noticed that when it comes to downloading songs, i tend to do it in waves.  like i've been downloading a lot lately, but before that i hadn't downloaded anything for a month or so.  i've also noticed that when i download a new song, i'll oftentimes find myself listening to it repeatedly.  right now i'm listening to pete yorn - life on a chain, and i must've listened to this god damn song like 26 times today; the next most-listened-to song is travis - side... both are kind of on the softer side of "rock music," with the former more akin to folk rock and the latter like complaining-loser rock but damn it, i love those songs... for now anyways.  i imagine once i download some new songs i'll listen to them incessantly.  i have to move into my new apartment this weekend, and i know that it's going to be extremely tiring and extremely hot.  hopefully i've have some cute and easy (but not too easy, just easy enough for me) female neighbors (i figured i had ought to throw in the qualifier "female").  but i won't have enough free time to get acquainted with my place because on monday i'll have to get a physical, pick up my microscope, buy my books, and start freaking out about school.  then on tuesday i'll probably just unpack all the lil things and bring up all my clothes from home, because on wednesday i'll have an all day orientation thing with school starting on thursday and continuing hellishly on friday (the nerve!!).  this pisses me off that i have to start so early as compared to the other UCs (including all the grad students), but i'm glad i didn't have to start as early as UCLA med or the cal state/community college system.  and i know i've been talking about me going to med school way too much (and i apologize, especially to chris because he's had to put up with it the most... and by that i mean me bringing it up and others asking me about it), but i figure you all will have to deal with it for the next four years.  i just heard a commercial on the radio for the new sour skittles and half of the dialog was in spanish and it reminded me of another commercial for clean and clear or something like that that was also partially in spanish.  now i understand that by living in southern california we're all exposed to the latin influence via mexico and that this is the way for corporate america to reach out to those individuals who strattle the culture divide between their latino heritage and their american environment, but c'mon most people don't speak spanish and even those who took spanish in school hardly remember any spanish.  plus i think having the commercial in two languages kinda disrupts the flow of the commercial and all it does really is anger me.  that's really all for now... i think i'll add some tomorrow.