well i have a final one week from today in gross anatomy and this time around i'm actually going to start studying for it really early... as in today.  but i figure this way i can take my time and really learn the material, and not just cram it in as fast as possible the night before.  but because the stench of our cadaver drove off two of the people in my group, this one guy and i have been working on the body for the past two weeks all by ourselves... which is a good thing because i get to see everything and see how every structure is related the rest of the overall anatomy, but the table we work on is just at the most awkward height and it gives me lower back pain.  so right now, my back is really hurting and carrying all my books and notebooks to school and back didn't help one iota.  plus this weekend i had a major cramp in my left calf muscle, and i'm still feeling the effects.  so basically i got a bum leg and a bum back.  but one more thing before i go fix me some food and get to studying, i found out that the ucr/ucla biomed program always gets higher scores on the boards than ucla med.  for those who don't know what "boards" means, here's the low down.  in order to receive your medical degree (i.e. M.D., although M.D. doesn't stand for medical degree) you have to pass the two united states licensing medical exams (USLMEs), commonly referred to as the board exams.  well, ucla med uses the pass/fail system, in which a C is considered passing and anything below a C- is failing.  being a part of the ucla med school, the ucr/ucla biomed program also uses the P/F system for the two years that you attend.  however, since in the biomed program your first year of med school is the same as your final undergraduate year, you also receive a letter grade that is used towards your bachelor's degree.  not wanting to have all the biomed students finish their first year with straight Cs, the dean made it where you can only get one C a quarter... two or more and you have to repeat  the entire year.   so this in effect makes it so that the only way to finish the year is with straight Bs, and this little difference is why ucr/ucla routinely beats ucla on the boards.  plus the small population size of ucr/ucla (24) as compared to ucla (120) increases the likelihood that as a group we would do better than ucla... so go ucr.  haha... alright, i'm gonna study now; or at least try to study