i just have to say that living with a girl roommate is pretty frickin cool... i mean, not only does she clean up the apartment but when she cooks, she makes me some too.  damn, now i just need to find me a girl who's just like that but will let me do stuff to her... hehe.  anyways, two weeks of classes left and then finals.  yea yea, all those ppl who attend semester schools (like CSULB) are already out of school and laughing at us quarter folk, but come September 1 when you guys have to shuffle off to class i'll be sitting on the beach with some hot chick... or at least a cold beer.  but i digress, this has definitely been the most difficult school year of my life and i hope i do a hell of a lot better this quarter than my last two ones.  after finals i'm gonna go to laughlin with my best buds chris, dave, and vinicio (vee-nee-cee-o), get a lil gamblin on, go do some ski-dooing, and a hell of a lot of drinkin.  and hopefully there'll be a lot of chicks there... haha.  i hope i can keep my gambling winning streak up... when i went to vegas for my 21st 2.5 weeks ago, i had $120 in my wallet and over $200 when i got back...  which definitely made chris a bit jealous. well, i'm looking forward to a beach bonfire this friday... which is nice, seeing as i haven't been to one in almost a year or so.  and if you ever go to one, when no one is looking (or better yet, when they  are  looking) toss in an unopened can of soda/beer/something and be prepared for a nice lil explosion.  god, i love doing that.  oh well, i suppose i'll take a nap or something but i should probably clean my room and/or study.  oh well, only 5 more weeks til i find out if i will start med school in the fall.  which is weird, because i explicitly remember being in my 6th grade class (with Mr Konowal... big props to all those fellow Cawthonites) and he was asking all the kids what they wanted to be when they grew up... i replied, "a surgeon, cuz you get to cut ppl up and see their guts."  now 9 years later i'm about ready to start my childhood dream and i honestly can't describe how that feels.  first off, the whole concept of being a physician when you're 11 seems so far off in the future (as it did up until i actually applied to med school) that it seems more like a lofty and grandiose dream than anything close to reality.  but as i stand here at the fork-in-the-road of life, i can't help but wonder what could have been had i not gotten sick so often as a child or had such a great biology teacher as Mr Reid.  it's been a   long  , tough road and there's been a lot of times (mostly within this past year or so), in which the pressure has gotten to me and i think it's really changed how i perceived myself, my family, my friends, and life in general.  but mostly it made me want a spry 18 year old hottie to "talk" to... so if you know someone like that, have them IM or email me (see my first blog to find that info)  haha... later oh yea, and if i don't come back, avenge my death