these past few days have been pretty damn interesting.  i actually was a (semi-)good student and started studying for my anatomy final on thursday and i really got a lot done on friday.  then when i got home on saturday, i found out that my parents just got digital cable; so now i have to learn all the channels all over again.  but while i was watching "stir of echoes" on one of our 7 HBOs, dave came over and then we went out to lunch where some guy overheard our conversation and started going off on the old game show "double dare" and how a great way to get supermodel-esque girls is by keeping your nails clean.  then i went over to john's for a quasi-bbq (even though i was the only one on time... i was there even before john was) and then after some time i finally had some steak, some drinks, and some games of worms.  and dave and i created a new drink based on odin from worms: mix 1 shot each of citron, bacardi, triple sec, and captain morgan, the juice from a lemon wedge, and some powdered sugar and then distribute into shot glasses (and if you're wondering what that has to do with odin: citr O n, bacar D i, tr I ple sec, captai N  morgan). it's quite good and rather smooth.  sunday was rather boring, other than the world series, but mostly because i had to get back to my apartment to finish studying.  but now i'm really sick again; it's the second time within the past three weeks that i've been sick.  and i know i must be really sick because i'm coughing every couple of minutes and nothing tastes good... dr. pepper and 7-up practically taste the same to me right now.  which is really weird cuz my nose isn't plugged up at all, and that's what normally hinders your sense of taste (considering that smell is a big factor in taste sensations).  but i dropped off my skull from my bone box off at school so on wednesday i can know what the hell the professor is talking about... all i know right now is that we're going to be working on the face.  ok, so i wrote a lot more than i had anticipated and now i'm really tired.  so i'm going to watch boston public, and maybe ally mcbeal if i feel like it, and then i'll probably go to sleep.  although i wouldn't mind going to bed like right now...