overheard in the cadaver lab today (it was said by matt... my possible roommate for next year): "women are so emotionally unpredictable... one day they're cooking and cleaning the house, the next day they've got your 5 kids [floating] in the bathtub."  the latter is a reference to that lady who drowned her 5 kids in the bathtub, and i thought i should at least semi-modify the statement so those who don't follow the news that much can get the joke.  ah, good times.  anyways, also in the cadaver lab today, my lab partner paul (and guess what, he's just as irritating as the other paul we know and love) picks up a string that came off of the cheesecloth we use to cover the cadavers (so we can keep the important areas and structures moist) and jokingly says, "what nerve is this?"  i chuckle halfheartedly just so paul will notice that i did hear his joke and will therefore stop telling me any more jokes, but then i place the string on the front side of the leg and make it look like it's exiting the abdomen and ends at the big toe.  i then tell paul to call seymour (a guy who  has the funniest sounding voice ever... plus when we try to imitate him we sound like we have down syndrome) over because during lab all he ever does (outside of ruining good nerves, vessels, etc.) is go around to all the groups and asks to see what structures they've found on their cadavers.  well, paul calls seymour over and i ask him, "what nerve do you think this is?" he looks at it and says, "i dunno, superficial peroneal?"  then he picks up the string near the foot and tugs on it to see where it innervates... seeing as the "nerve" isn't attached to anything, it just comes loose and i say angrily, "you broke it!! well, we don't need this fucking thing anymore!" and then i just act like i'm tearing off the nerve and the just throw it on the table in a fit of anger.  then paul and i start busting up laughing and i confess that it's just a string from the cheesecloth... seymour's embarrassment and horror yields to embarrassment and anger, and he tries to kick my stool like a three year old girl.  well, apparently when i got "pissed off" i kinda said it really loud, so when i turn around the whole class is watching seymour freak out... haha.  seriously, that was one of the funniest times i've ever experienced...