20 things you didn't know about political assassination:   1. in 1976, the senate's church committee determined that the CIA had planned to assassinate cuban president fidel castro, congolese prime minister patrice lumumba, chilean president salvador allende, dominican president rafael trujillo, and cuban revolutionary che guevara  2.  following the assassination of egyptian president anwar sadat in 1981, the egyptian gov't detained over 2500 "participants."  it was the largest murder conspiracy ever  3.  in the 15th century, caterina sforza, the countess of imola and forli in what is now italy, attempted to kill pope alexander VI by mailing him letters wrapped in the bandages of plague victims. the pope remained in good health  4. rigoberto lopez not only shot and killed nicaraguan dictator anastasio somoza in 1956, but he also won a newspaper contest for the best poem eulogizing the murdered leader  5. the first major soviet defector during the cold war, trained assassin nikolay khoklov, had a weapon of choice: an electrically operated gun, fitted with a silencer and concealed in a gold cigarette case.  the gun fired cyanide-tipped bullets that would lead a pathologist to diagnose the cause of death as heart failure  6. an early version of the KGB-invented "umbrella gun" may have been used on nobel prize winner aleksander solzhenitsyn in august 1971. (while waiting in a food line, solzhenitsyn was stricken by a strange ailment and was covered in blisters and bedridden for three months.)  7. in september 1978, KGB agents used a poison-tipped umbrella to murder bulgarian rebel georgi markov, jabbing him in the leg as they walked past him on london's waterloo bridge  8. senior CIA official john paisley was found floating in chesapeake bay in 1978.  he died of a bullet wound to the head and had 38 pounds of weights around his body.  a life insurance company withheld a $100,000 payment when the FBI declared paisley's death a suicide  9. a lawyer hired by mrs. paisley said, "jumping off a boat with a gun in hand, pulling the trigger while in the water is, to be charitable about the matter, a weird way to commit suicide." 10. in 1938, ukranian nationalist yevhen konovalets was assassinated by a soviet agent who presented him with a box of chocolates, which exploded and killed him 11. after shooting pope john paul II twice in 1981, mehmet ali agca dropped his gun and fled, only to be knocked to the ground and subdued by suor letizia, a fairly large and robust nun 12. the chicago tribune ran a front-page story in 1975 about an unexecuted CIA plot to assassinate french president charles de gaulle in the late '60s after he ordered all u.s. troops removed from french soil 13. a plot to kill hitler with a suicide bomb in 1944 took six years of planning and involved nearly 200 german officials.  it failed 14. in 1916, the son of the russian czar tried to kill the influential politician rasputin by lacing his dinner with enough potassium cyanide to kill six men.  after dinner, rasputin handed the prince a guitar and asked him to play a song.  enraged, the prince shot rasputing in the back, left him to die, and returned to find rasputin still alive 15. one of the prince's co-conspirators then shot rasputin in the shoulder and the head, tied him up, and threw him in a lake, still alive, where he drowned 16. after an attempt on her life in 1972, imelda marcos, first lady of the phillipines, wore her injured arm in a sling made entirely of gold. 17. leon trotsky was killed in mexico city while reading a magazine article written by his icepick-wielding assassin, ramon mercador del rio, a KGB agent sent by stalin 18. saddam hussein runs his food through chemical analyzers before he eats.  his hats are all bulletproof, and his visitors are x-rayed to weed out potential bomb-swallowing assassins 19. it took three different pistols, fired at point-blank range, to murder benito mussolini on april 28, 1945.  walter audisio, who had kidnapped the fascist leader from italian partisans three days earlier, fired on pistol that jammed, then a revolver that also jammed, before succeeding with a third gun 20. in 1966, mussolini's widow received an envelope from an american diplomat containing fragments of her dead husband's brain.  mussolini's body had been transported to various burial sites, and the americans had taken a piece of his brain for experimentation in 1945