alright, well i'll catch you all up to speed on my life since the last time i blogged: on thursday after class i went snowboarding up at mt. high.  it was fun since it was the first time since tahoe that chris, dave, and i went boarding together.  we only got to go for like 2 hours since the guys didn't leave cypress til 5.  but when we got up there it was cold enough for them to be blowing snow all over the mountain, so we all layered up and damn it if it still wasn't really cold.  dave was kinda disappointed that he would have to buy a $35 ticket for 2 hours, so instead he bought one off of a guy in the parking lot for 6 bucks.  and as we were walking through the parking lot, we noticed that the junkyard wars van was there... when i saw that i was thinking that maybe they had the teams make their own snowmobiles to go up the slope, but instead i settled with the idea that the guy who drives the van just wanted to get some boarding in.  anyways, mt. high was more crowded than i expected, but we basically walked onto the lift each time.  oh yeah, we determined that it took us 8 minutes from the time we got on the lift to the time that we ended right back at the lift line... so yea, we basically got in a whole mess of runs in the short span of time that we were there.  but dave's lower back started hurting him (he first hurt it in that car accident we were in that involved us being hit so hard by an accord that it pushed us into another accord, all in front of honda world in garden grove) and so we decided to take off.  we stopped off at the del taco by the 15, where we bumped into jon berwanger... he recognized us first and came over and started talking to us... i recognized him immediately, but chris and dave i guess took a few minutes before they remembered who he was. on friday i went to class after a restful night of sleep (i'm thinking i should snowboard after class from now on just so i can sleep so well), but i didn't stay in lab for too long and instead went over to the honors office for some free donuts and orange juice.  i chilled there for the next hour with matt and heidi, managing to spill OJ on the floor and making an idiot out of myself.  but then i went back to the classroom and got my preceptor assignment (he's basically a physician that critiques my interviewing skills)... the day was pretty uneventful after that, although i started coughing like a mofo again on saturday dave called me up and we went out to lunch at cheng's kitchen (it's over by the volunteer fire dept. on lincoln and walker)... i had mongolian beef (ingredients: beef, onions, bell peppers), dave had ginger beef (ingredients: beef, onions, bell peppers).  we then went back to my house and i showed him simpsons road rage... he was quite impressed by the level of detail in the game.  but after that my cough got worse and i spent the rest of the day pretty much just lying around.  dave called me up after he got off of work and wanted me to go down to irvine, but i really wasn't feeling it... sunday was a bit different in that i finally went back to church after a month's absence (which is not much of an absence compared to some readers of this blog...), and then after playing a whole mess of darts i went over to chris'.  we then went out to the casa gamino in westminster (i still prefer the one in anaheim because at the anaheim location you get a salad with your fajitas) and met up with ellen and randi at starbucks.  we all then went back to my house and played scrabble, rich man poor man, and king's cup, during which ellen got drunk.  chris and i really didn't drink enough to make us drunk, although i think he was a bit buzzed (i, on the otherhand, was not feeling much different than normal... damn that tolerance).  we then walked up to cawthon elementary and played a rousing game of truth-or-dare... monday, i did shit.  i was hoping to get back to my apartment early in the day (~noon) but i got there about 3, and i didn't start studying for my immuno quiz (which i had today) until 10.  but i did nap from 6:15 until 7:45... so basically i fell asleep with one episode of the simpsons on and woke up with another episode of the simpsons on... today: immuno, immuno, immuno.... although i did spend 10 minutes studying for the "pop" physio quiz... i say "pop" instead of pop because we've had these unscheduled quizzes every class so far.  then i spent my lunch studying immuno, and it turns out i still wasn't completely prepared for the quiz... but i just finished doing my topic on alcoholism screening for my doctoring class, and i've been able to determine that i'm at risk for alcoholism (due to my family history and tolerance)...  now i'm listening to loveline but i'm just about ready to go to bed...