so far the plan for boarding tomorrow after class is still in effect, but we'll see... oh yea, i bought some rose-colored lenses on sunday for my goggles, so i think i should be able to handle shadows and especially night boarding.  anyways, chris did his monthly blog, but he messed up the link because all it shows is the html tags... oh well.  and one last thing, i forgot to mention what's so interesting about my physiology class setup for tuesdays.  well, our professor has a mild form of CF (cystic fibrosis) and living in riverside all these years kinda got to him... essentially all the smog out here was killing him quicker than just time and his disease could by themselves.  so he moved his lab down to UCSD but still kept his position here in riverside.  anyways, driving from san diego to riverside and back every tuesday and thursday (that's when i have physio) wouldn't be so much fun, and being out here on non-lab days (i.e. tuesday) probably would be more harmful to his health than helpful to the students... so on tuesdays, the professor lectures from UCSD.  just how does he do this, you ask?  well, they first connect this camera unit to a data port in our classroom, and this camera unit then directs the incoming video and audio to the four monitors in the classroom.  the camera of the unit is aimed at the students (1) to make sure we're actually in class and that the professor isn't just lecturing to himself and (2) in case we have questions, to provide a means for us to ask the professor.  apparently, the camera is sound-sensitive and if a student were to ask a question, the camera would aim at the direction of the sound's source and then focuses on the this source.  so basically if i were to ask a question, the camera would pan over to my seat and then focus on my face.  plus, the data port that this whole set-up is run through is pretty damn fast since when we ask a question, the professor stops his lecture right then with (almost) no delay... pretty freaky stuff, no?