ok so i haven't blogged anything new in 10 days and even those blogs were done half-assed, so here goes: once finals were over, i expected to get two things done over break... studying for gross anatomy and some snowboarding.  i didn't get much of either.  but on the 18th the boyz and i had a kick ass barbeque over at dave's place, at which we opened all of the presents we got for each other.  chris got some new gloves, john got a radar detector, dave an electronic dartboard, and i got the coupe de grace, a 1.75L bottle of grey goose vodka... the very vodka that we have striven to get ever since we determined that (1) popov is shit, (2) vodka in plastic bottles is slightly better (under these vodkas we group smirnoff and not "albertson's select"... those grocery store-brand vodkas belong in (1)), (3) absolut and (4) skyy are progressively higher steps towards good tasting vodka.  then we also determined that although not a great vodka, fris vodka has a nice bottle thus making it look like a higher quality liquor.  but when i  uncorked  my bottle of grey goose, i then knew that i could never step down to "rubbing alcohol land."  it was the smoothest vodka, for that matter hard liquor (at least that i can recollect at this moment), that i have ever had and i know i could get into a lot of trouble with this bottle of vodka.  anyways, we then barbequed up some steaks, potatoes, and corn and it was some good food.  we then proceeded to play worms until 1am, even taking the time out to teach dave's brother chris how to play once john left to go program.  i had planned on going boarding with dave the following day, but he had to back out since he had an eye doctor appointment or something.  so then i waited til thursday when chris, patricia, and i went up to mt. high.  i was hoping that we'd leave from my apartment so we could get a good night's sleep and not have to drive for like 2 hours straight, but chris said he doubted if patricia's parents would let her spend the night at my place...  which also really sucked since all my gear was at my apartment.  so we basically detoured over to riverside so i could grab my shit and then we headed off to the mountain.  it was an alright day of riding seeing as i was tired, it was cloudy, i was trying to get used to my new board, and the only lenses i have are tinted grey and not the amber i need.  so basically every little fluctuation in the snow cover looked flat to me... bad times.  anyways, it was a bit crowded and seeing as we have season passes we decided to cut it short.  but not before this little adage that darryl once told me came true: "Don't ever go snowboarding with your girlfriend.  It never ends well."  that's because the guy is almost invariably a better boarder than his girl and he ends up hanging out with her for a couple runs while she tries to slowly plow down the hill.  he gets pissed because he's not boarding like he wants (i.e. racing his friends down or going off jumps), his girl gets pissed because he's getting pissed with how poorly she boards, and his friends are pissed since he's not there with them... ok, so it wasn't that bad but i could tell chris wasn't having the best time of his life (although he'd probably say it was a lot of fun just to cover his own ass).  after that, no talk of boarding came up again.  i mostly sat around my house sleeping in til 11am and then watching tv all day.  that went on til christmas eve, when my dad's side of the family came over.  we opened the presents they brought for us and it ended up somewhat alright.  i got a cutlery set from my grandma (which is good because before i only had 2 steak knives) and a funky brown and green sweater from my aunt and uncle... i was not pleased with this present.  my uncle told me later that he had tried to change my aunt's mind about getting me a sweater but to no avail.  but they also bought my dad his own brewing kit, so in a couple months we should have our own beer.  i then went back to my routine of watching tv until i fell asleep.  but when i awoke, it was christmas.  christmas was a hell of a lot better than christmas eve.  i got a collection of dvds (the whole nine yards, dumb and dumber, monty python and the holy grail: special edition, the simpson's first season, toy story/bug's life/toy story 2 pack, groundhog's day, and office space), some pairs of pants, a new sports watch, and a vodka infusion jar, which deserves a blog all to itself.  with this you basically soak fruit in vodka for a week or two, then toss out the fruit.  but i'm going to use it to make some flavored rums and tequilas as well.  my brother josh got ps2 along with simpsons road rage (just like crazy taxi but with the simpsons), and we basically played that for the next week.  but on chrismas night, i further celebrated the birth of our lord by making my first vodka infusion: citrus.  since the infusion jar came with a 1.75L bottle of smirnoff, i figured i'd better use that one since if i screwed it up i didn't want to ruin some good vodka.  i put in three  pounds  of oranges, a half pound of lemons, and a lime in the jar, then i covered it in two cups of sugar to set the fruit (the sugar basically acts to extract the natural juices of the fruit) and let that sit for two hours.  i then covered the fruit with half the bottle of smirnoff and let it sit in my garage, taking it out every day to mix it up.  on the 26th i drove out to riverside with my brother's ps2 (and my brother), and basically just checked out my apartment to make sure i still had all my possessions.  we basically played ps2 all night but i did have to stop off at school to pick up my skull which i made josh carry (we was visibly disturbed by that).  a couple of days later (i'd like to say saturday but i've been getting the days of the week messed up), patricia let chris out of her grip long enough for him to go out to starbucks with scott, daniel, valerie, her boyfriend nick, and i.  by the way, while i starbucks i thought i saw these two blond chicks who i thought i looked familiar but after i got done ordering they were gone... it turns out it was jamie and amberlee (some friends of jessica swenson and my sister michelle).  but i didn't recognize them because, well, jamie got fatter and apparently all that fat went to her face.  amberlee i haven't spent that much time with her so i didn't recognize her at all, but they were also with my sister's good friend heidi, but i didn't see her at all.  had i seen heidi i would've stopped ordering my mocha frap and talked to them (plus i didn't realize that they were going to leave right as i was ordering), but i guess they recognized me too but didn't say anything because scott and daniel were blocking their view of me... oh well.  it was great getting to hang out with scott again even if he gets noticably uncomfortable when we talk about sex or alcohol or any non-mormon thing, and i always have a blast with daniel.  but valerie and nick were another situation.  i got the feeling that they were trying to avoid talking to me, and i felt very awkward.  like when we basically went around the room talking about what was going on in our lives, valerie (who started the topic) changed the topic when it would have been my turn.  plus i felt that nick was talking past me and never too me... it's kind of hard to describe but i could definitely tell val and nick didn't care for me.  then when we played scrabble at chris' later, the rift between us got a bit coarser as i was called the "scrabble nazi"... just because i didn't want them to look up words in the dictionary and i didn't want them to switch letters between players... sorry if i just fucking want to play by the rules... so yea, i left chris' house cussing at them under my breath.  but i must apologize to chris: i didn't purposefully try to screw you over in any way with scoring, although i doubt i had much impact on scoring anyways.  so next thing you know it's coming up to new year's and i have absolutely no plans.  all i know is that dave wants to go somewhere, john and i were hoping to minimize expenses, and chris only had an hour of free time for us.  so we basically end up at chris' playing scrabble but this time i arrived after the game had started (although i did get there before everyone else at 8:30... the time when i was told to be there, but i figured if i was going to wait for them i'd rather wait at my own home), and it was chris/patricia vs. vinicio vs. john vs. dave.  i basically went from team to team trying to help out and it was fun.  dave, john, and i then rolled down to irvine so patricia and chris could spend new year's with each other (and vinicio too), and then we went to some party in south coast that was ok.  the girl scene was noticably absent so we just ended talking to each other about more stuff going on in our lives and other whatnots... so now i'm in riverside, with a gross anatomy midterm on monday and i haven't studied a lick of anatomy and i only went boarding once.  i was also supposed to go boarding tomorrow but i seriously doubt that's going to happen...  shit