so i had sushi with the biomeds on friday night, and it was a good turnout... like 13 of us (out of 26).  so we all met up at the biomed classroom and we were still undecided about where we were going to go.  i was thinking that we'd be going out to ontario mills so if we still wanted to do stuff afterwards we could just walk around the mall. instead, we drive to buena park... BUENA FREAKIN' PARK!!!  beach blvd. at that... two more exits and i could've gotten off at valley view and been home.  in fact, i known we were going to go to buena park, i would've drove myself and just gone home that night... anyways, we finally get to the restaurant and we thought that we had reservations... well, our classmate who went ahead just got a reservation for him, his girlfriend, and his buds... so we ended up waiting for like an hour and a half for a table. anyways, we finally sit down at a table and it turns out this place is like a benihana/sushi bar.  i ended up spending a wad of cash on sushi, teriyaki steak, and sake bombs, but it was a blast.  oh yea, with those sake bombs... my friend matt and i each ordered a 20oz sapporo and we shared a decanter of hot sake (since they didn't actually have a "sake bomb" on the drink list).  when we finally set up our drinks (with the shot of sake resting on chopsticks atop the glass of sapporo), we pounded the table in unison whilst shouting, "SAKE BOMB!!"  at which point the entire restaurant looked our way as we chugged our drinks.  needless to say, i outchugged him.  we had enough beer and sake for one for sake bomb, during which the restaurant was again enchanted by our beverage consumption.  i won again, by the way... i guess that's what i get for coming from a long line of alcoholics.  GO IRELAND AND GERMANY!!!  anyhow, neither one of us had eaten anything for like 9 hours, so those sake bombs hit pretty quick.  but then the food came and we spent the next hour just stuffing ourselves.  i was hoping we'd get more people to sake bomb with us, but twas not so... so i got back to my apartment a lil after midnight and i was out before my head hit pillow.  and then i didn't wake up till noon... so i had a real good time.  then after that, my weekend was pretty ho-hum.  although i did start planning my graduation party with my parents.  i think i put down like 50 people who i'd like to come and give me gifts... nah, i wouldn't make that a requirement; you can just mail your gift.  haha... well, my graduation date is june 16 (at  8:30am ) with the party that afternoon.  and with dave and john graduating the same weekend, it'll be a blast all weekend long...