in an effort to delay my studying, i've decided to retell some of my weirder dreams, including the approximate age i was when i had these dreams: age 9 or 10: i was running through this martian-esque landscape (i.e. red everywhere, funny looking rocks) while i was screaming that there's a man-eating lobster in this boiling lake... apparently i was running from this lake and its contents for fear of death.  i was screaming for what seemed like an eternity until i appeared at the lake with tv dad alan thicke (from growing pains).  he kneeled next to the lake and pointed at it, saying that there's no man-eating lobsters in there.  just then a giant lobster pops up from the water and devours him... that's when i woke up.  age 15, 9th grade: i was in my living room watching tv when i decide to walk out to my backyard.  for some reason all my friends are back there, just standing around, with no one talking to each other.  each one of them is a ghostly white/grey color and all look very somber.  i then go over to our shed, which is now the size of a garage, but i can't open the door.  so i climb on the trash cans next to the window to get a good look in.  that's when i notice that the entire shed is packed to the rafters with dead people.  i think to myself how odd that was, but not odd enough for me to scream or call the police or anything.  i then climb down and look next door, and the brick wall had been changed to a chain-link fence.  i crawl under where the fence had become unfastened and had curled up and walk over to this school bus that my neighbor had started storing in his back yard.  i climb up on one of the tires to get a look inside the bus only to discover that the bus is also packed full of dead people.  i then decided to go back to my yard since my neighbor didn't care for me when i see that he's on his patio with a shotgun.  i quickly crawl under the fence into my yard but my dog, who followed me into my neighbor's yard, won't follow me back into my yard, and all i could think was that if i could get my dog behind the safety of the chain-link fence then we'd both be ok.  i'm trying to pull my dog under the fence when my neighbor shoots and kills my dog.... that's when i woke up  age 16, 10th grade: i was in my living room watching tv, waiting for my friend dave to come over so we could hang out.  he finally shows up and my dad, who was barbequeing out back and was been a complete ass, tells me to go watch the steaks cook because he has to run to the store real quick.  well, dave and i go back there and we see that my dad for some reason has a biplane in the yard.  dave climbs in and wants to know how to start the engine, but doesn't actually want the engine to come on... i decide to be a prick and tell him this weird way of starting the engine, but tell him to push the button that reads, "engine start," just for the hell of it.  he looks at me funny and i say, "it doesn't actually start the engines..." so he pushes it, and we start flying around the backyard until my dad gets back from the store and i get in trouble for playing with the biplane...  age 18, 12th grade: i was in this dark office building which apparently was supposed to be cypress high school, it's just that the hallways weren't hallways and instead were streams like those in the tomb raider games.  i was swimming to class when i rounded a corner and was stuck up against a wall with alina and lucia... they started coming on to me, but i tried to get away... that's when i woke up  age 20, 3rd year of college: last winter quarter i had a class at a hospital, where we followed doctors around and it was only for the biomeds.  well, it was time to drive to the hospital, but for some reason the biomeds were going to share a bus trip over there.  my friend and i decided against that and instead chose to drive our own cars...  it's just that both of our cars were like the slick-track go-carts from malibu speedzone.  so then the bus, my friend, and i all start driving to the hospital but the trip there ends up looking like mario kart 64.  anyhow, the bus beats us both there, then my friend showed up a moment later, but i ran out of time before i could get to the hospital  ok this last dream i think had meaning (like how i used to feel that my friend and i didn't fit in with the other biomeds and that'd i'd never make it to the 4th year), but my other ones better not have any meaning because if they did, then damn my mind is really messed up...