ah, what a relaxing weekend this has been.  i did absolutely nothing productive and it was everything i thought it could be.  now i just have to start cramming in some studying for renal physio... damn.  but when it comes to studying, it's not that i'm lazy, it's that i just don't care.  anyways, i've been know to have some pretty weird dreams and i had yet another odd dream the other night.  first off, i've never felt that dreams were a reflection of what we really want in life or a window into our mind, but more like a brain is just running a systems check and seeing which neural pathways are still working... because if the former was true, then i have even more serious deep-seeded emotional problems than those i currently am willing to share with you all.  but anyways, here's my dream.  i'm at this club dancing with this girl from my class who, in my dream, i think is cute and really want to get with (which is weird right off the bat because (1) i don't club or dance without an immense amount of liquor in me and (2) i didn't know i felt this way about this chick, even if this was just a dream), and then she's rubbing up against me and we keep getting closer and closer and we're just about to hook up when she starts going off on how she likes this other guy and how great he is.  i look at her in disbelief while we're still dancing really close to each other, and then i just get pissed off and walk away and somehow end up in my apartment in my recliner... well, she ends up mad with me because i left and then i woke up.  not one of my weirdest dreams, but certainly unsettling that i'd get rejected in my own damn dream.   in my second dream that night, my family and i where repairing this large freeway overpass, but instead of being made of reinforced concrete, it was made out of wood.  well, the overpass went over a fairly shallow river and the river had a freeway offramp so caltrans could drive down there and do clean up on the river, bridge, etc.  anyways, i've examing the south side of the bridge support beams when the freeway overhead quickly develops into rush hour traffic.  i guess that since this river is so shallow that big rigs and full size trucks/suvs like to use this river as a shortcut.  well, these trucks start coming down the caltrans offramp but keep going north... right them i'm thinking i'm glad that none are coming down here where we're working.  just then this huge mess of trucks come right towards my family, but my family doesn't notice them coming and before i can say anything to them, the trucks all slam into the bridge supports causing the bridge to collapse on my family.  i start looking for them when i see my mom's arm sticking out of the wreckage... i go over there to start digging her out when i say to myself, "this is pretty fucked up, ben... just wake up..."  and then i did