well i didn't get as much sleep as i had wanted last night, but i was feeling pretty good today.  after i got out of the cadaver lab at 11:30, i went home and decided that even if chris wasn't feeling up to going boarding today that i'd still go...  so i basically ate a bowl of chili, stuffed my gear in my backpack, and drove up to mt. high.  it only took like 40 minutes to get there, and my car performed pretty good.  on the way up, i decided that i was gonna ride at the east resort since mt. high got over a foot of powder this week and there would invariably be a lot more people riding today.. so the east resort's history of having less people ride there on any given day as compared to west resort really made up my mind.  plus i've only been to east 2 times before and i figure what the hell.  well, as i got closer to east resort i noticed that there was a whole mess of cars parked on the highway and i thought, "ah shit, i don't wanna walk..." so i turned in the parking lot expecting to be told that it's full and that i'd have to park ass far, but the guy said second row on the right... so i ended up parking the closest i've ever been to the entrance of  any  resort i've been to.  there were a lot of people in the lift line (for what i'm accustomed to at east that is, but far less than what i've seen at west), and i eventually got up to the top of the mountain.  lemme tell ya, you could still feel the hardpack beneath but the snow was pretty nice and tasted great too... haha.  i only went on 6 runs because more and more people started showing up and the lines just kept getting longer... if i didn't have a season pass, i would've felt gipped.  so it basically took 2 hours just to do those 6 runs, much unlike when dave, chris, and i did 6 runs in 48 minutes (we calculated 8 minutes for each run, meaning from when we went through the turnstile to when we got back there).  so then i drove home, took a shower, and now i'm just going to relax and maybe clean up my apartment...