another example of how men and women are truly different from each other   Blow Job Etiquette  From A Woman's Perspective  1. First and foremost, we are not obligated to do it. 2. Extension to rule #1: so if you get one, be grateful. 3. I don't care WHAT they did in the porn video you saw; it is not standard practice to cum on someone's face. 4. Extension to rule #3: no, I DON'T have to swallow. 5. My ears are NOT handles. 6. Extension to rule#5: do not push on the top of my head. Last I heard, deep throat had been done. And additionally, do you really WANT puke on your dick? 7. I don't care HOW relaxed you get it is NEVER ok to fart. 8. Having my period does not mean that it's "hummer week" get it through your head; I'm bloated and I feel like shit so no, I don't feel particularly obligated to blow you just because YOU can't have sex right now. 9. Extension to #8: "blue balls" might have worked on high school girls; if youre that desperate, go jerk off and leave me alone with my Midol. 10. If I have to pause to remove a pubic hair from my teeth, don't tell me I've just "wrecked it" for you. 11. Leaving me in bed while you go play video games immediately afterwards is highly inadvisable if you would like my behavior to be repeated in the future. 12. If you like how we do it, it's probably best not to speculate about the origins of our talent. Just enjoy the moment and be happy that we're good at it. See also rule #2 about gratitude. 13. No, it doesn't particularly taste good.  And I don't care about the protein content. 14. No, I will NOT do it while you watch TV. 15. When you hear your friends complain about how they don't get blow jobs often enough, keep your mouth shut.  It is inappropriate to either sympathize or brag. 16. Just because "it's awake" when you get up does not mean I have to kiss it good morning".  A Man's Rebuttal  1. First of all, yes you are obligated to do it. If you don't we will find someone (younger, prettier, and dirtier) who will.     . 2. Second, swallowing a teaspoon of cream is a hell of a lot easier than licking a dead fish. 3. You want to talk about farting? Does the word "queef" mean anything to you? 4. I will use your ears as I see fit. Don't worry about it and be thankful I'm not pulling your hair. 5. When you're on period, stuffing something in your mouth is the only way to stop your bitching and moaning. Suck it up. 6. Speaking of which, if you are bleeding for five straight days, you need all the fluids you can get, trust me.  (And if the South Park Movie taught me anything, it's that you can't trust anything that bleeds for five days and doesn't die.) 7. You bitch about the taste, but trust me when I tell you that we get the shit end of the stick in flavor country. 8. At least there is no danger of a dick bleeding in your mouth. 9. Play with the balls. 10. No matter how good you think you are at it, we've had better. 11. Caress the ass, too. WE like that. 12. It's "wide awake" in the morning now, but when you get old and fat and looking for some action, I GUARANTEE it'll be "sound asleep. 13. If you swallow, then you don't have to worry about getting any on your face, now will you? 14. Last but not least is that jizz has  negative  calories... so you can actually lose some weight off your fat ass if you give me enough head