low on cash but scared by the idea of a "real" job?  well, follow these simple steps and i guarantee you'll be making money in no time!!! (not actually a guarantee):  1. scatter poppy seeds across the surface of a freshly cultivated field (preferably at least one acre in size)  2. wait three months  3. once mature flowering plants are present, wait some more until all the flower petals fall off  4. cut shallow vertical incisions into the seed pod before the pod is ripe  5. the next morning, scrape off the gum that has oozed out with a dull knife  6. dissolve this gum in hot water and add lime fertilizer (calcium oxide)  7. this solution should then be allowed to separate into two layers  8. remove and save the top layer (i.e. the supernatant); the bottom layer can be discarded  9. heat the supernatant and mix with concentrated ammonia. 10. allow to cool 11. filter solution and discard the filtrate (i.e. the fluid that passes through the filter) 12. dry the filtered solid 13. weigh the dry solid and add an equal mass of acetic anhydride 14. heat the mixture at 185 deg. C for six hours; warning: beware of overheating the mixture 15. add water and chloroform to the solution upon cooling; allow particulate to precipitate out 16. filter solution and save filtrate 17. add sodium carbonate to filtrate until precipitation occurs 18. filter solution and discard filtrate 19. add filtered particles to solution of ethanol and activated charcoal 20. heat solution until ethanol evaporates 21. dissolve granules in solution of ethanol and ether; add hydrochloric acid until white flakes appear on the surface of the solution 22. dry the flakes under pressure 23. distribute substance in areas of high drug use 24. make tons of cash with your do-it-yourself white (No. 4) heroin factory!!! (note: you could stop at step 8 and just have morphine or stop at step 20 for No. 3 [black tar] heroin) by the way, this info is readily available in any number of books and websites, so don't have the FBI come after me for posting this... afterall, this blog is a just a satire and i'm just expressing my first amendment rights