i'm not doing much, so i thought i'd blog some more... hmm, i can't think of anything particularly funny to write about and i'm getting bored with retelling my rather boring adventures.  well, i downloaded "dueling banjos" a while back and lemme tell ya, that is freaking hilarious...  i wouldn't mind learning the banjo just so i can play that song.  i downloaded quite a number of songs today, and i have to recommend white stripes - fell in love with a girl... it's only a minute 45 long and sounds like it was recorded off an answering machine, but it's catchy.  (man, i'll do anything to put off writing my immuno "paper.")  ah, here's something interesting that i meant to blog a while back.  according to a survey, about half of women polled believed they would die from breast cancer whereas only a fifth thought they die from heart disease.  in reality, 1 in 28 will die from breast cancer (which is still quite high as compared to your chances of dying from anthrax or some other agent of bioterrorism), but 1 in 2 will die from heart disease.  that's a staggering statistic.  i guess that's why whenever i hear or see a commercial promoting breast cancer research i chuckle at how you rarely ever see or hear a commercial promoting organizations that are in the fight against heart disease even though women have a 14 fold higher chance of dying from heart disease.  but then i realize that the breast cancer is a rallying point for these organizations since women have a special connection to that aspect of their anatomy (well, women and obese men)... but i'm rambling.  another interesting fact i've learned is that there is a population of individuals who are naturally immune to HIV infection (be warned you immunophobics of the upcoming discussion).  you see, when HIV is about to enter a cell it must first bind to the CD4 protein on T-cells.  it must then bind with another surface protein called CCR5 (refers to cysteine-cysteine type 5 chemokine receptor) to uncoat and enter the cell.  well, approximately 2% of scandinavians have a mutation in their CCR5 protein that makes it nonfunctional.  therefore, these individuals are resistant to HIV primary infections.  also, 25% of the scandinavian population has only one copy of this mutated gene, resulting in their T-cells having only 50% of their CCR5 being functional.  this then causes a delay in infection of these individuals by HIV.  it's also noted that these people with the defective CCR5 are also resistant to infection by a variety of other pathogens