well the blog that was going to cover the 9 days between my birthday and my last blog will now be expanded to 18 days...  so here goes: -my birthday (the 11th) was alright, and i'm ok with that... afterall, it's not like 22 is a major milestone.  i was kinda disappointed in my gifts, although i was really happy i got some new clothes.  my grandma bought me a george forman grill along with some meat, but i was more happy that i got the meat than the grill (by the way, the grill is a pain in the ass to clean).  after i had dinner with my family, i hung out with the boys, so good times.  -on monday (May 13) my group for PBL (i.e. problem based learning... that's where we get a clinical case, try to figure out what's going on, and then report on stuff we don't know the following week) presented a case on diabetes, and since the previous group's presentation was very boring, we tried to liven it up by playing a gameshow... it turned out really well and everyone was paying attention  -on tuesday (May 14) i had a pathology "midterm" that was only 30 multiple choice questions that took about 6 minutes to finish.  afterwards, matt, alfredo, his sister, heidi, and i drove out to dodger stadium and watched them get beat 2-0 by the mets... interesting how that day was the 4th anniversary of the trade that sent mike piazza to florida (who then traded him to the mets), yet piazza chose not to play that day.  i was ok with the dodger's loss (lord knows i've seen enough of them), but what really irritated me was the chick behind me (who must have been from freakin' jersey) who wouldn't SHUT THE FUCK UP... i finally had enough of it when she started saying that the mets were an overall better team because they last won the world series in '86 and she assumed the dodgers hadn't won in an even longer time.  that's when i turned around and said that no, the dodgers last won in '88... what i failed to mention is that the dodgers beat the mets in the NLCS that year to advance to the world series.  -the rest of the week was uneventful until the weekend when my mom bought a fruit press and sieve, so sunday (May 19) i got to filter the berry vodka (which smells like a fruit roll-up) and the coconut-pineapple rum.  but we also had a small bbq for my sister's bday, and i watched my sister's boyfriend drink too much and then pull a ben in the bathroom.  the only difference is that he didn't get it all in the toilet whereas i have only not hit the toilet once and that was only because i was in a car...  -the next monday (May 20), it was a classmate's bday but heidi and i had to leave early so we could go work on our presentation for micro.  i did like two hours of research for it, and we ended up working on the powerpoint for another 2 hours... yet there was still stuff we could've mentioned  -on tuesday (May 21), heidi and i are all ready to present on  Yersinia pestis  (the bacterium that causes the plague) and when i look at the lecture notes for that day, i notice that the professor goes into the most detail on  Y. pestis ... in fact, he covers a lot of stuff that we were going to go over.  but when we actually did the presentation, we tried to focus more on stuff that he glazed over so it ended up pretty well... in fact, cedric came up to me afterwards and said, "i was thinking that there'd be nothing left for you guys to go over, but you did it..."  -wednesday (May 22) dragged on forever, but only because i was waiting for...  -thursday (May 23).  my sister's bday... and my dentist appointment.  it was the first cleaning i had in four years (because of lack of dental insurance and NOT due to poor dental hygiene), but the hygienist said i had very little plaque...  of course that didn't prevent her from mercilessly attacking my gums.  later that day i hung out with chris, and then dave, chris, scott, and i drove down to BJ's brewery and ate some food and drank some beer (scott had root beer of course... crazy mormon).  john met up with us after dessert, and we then went over to dave's and played some durrock...  -friday (May 24)... i had ditched class that day because i had thought that we'd be leaving for vegas early enough that i couldn't possibly make it back from riverside in time... turns out i could have gone to class, but seeing as i had gone all year without ditching i think i deserved it.  anyway, that morning i filtered the lemon vodka, then i packed for vegas.... then i waited for a couple of hours.  when we finally left, traffic was ok until we hit the 57 in which a saturn had thought it could pass underneath a semi, but to our delight it failed.  (we took the 91 to the 57 to the 60 because my uncle thought it'd be faster than the 91 to the 15, even though the 15 and 91 were perfectly fine and moving rather well... it wasn't the first time that weekend he was a fucking moron).  however, once we finally made it to the 15 (2 excruciating hours later) we noticed that the 15 was also backing up near the 10... it stayed that way until we passed the truck scales out near the exit for mountain high.  after that, traffic was going nicely until we got about 30 miles past Baker (claim to fame: world's largest thermometer) when we noticed a column of thick black smoke about 3 miles ahead... ended up being a car fire.  we got about a 2.5 miles before traffic came to a complete standstill and people started getting out of their cars... oh well.  we finally get to vegas around 8, and it didn't take us long to get something alcoholic to drink.  that's when we started to gamble... the funniest part of that evening was when i watched my mom's friend pump about $15 into a wheel of fortune game, get frustrated, and move over a machine.  i promptly sat down, inserted a dollar, bet the max, and quickly won $25.  yay me.  at the very same moment, her husband won $25 on a machine that was to the right of her... haha.  -on saturday (May 25), i woke up early because i couldn't sleep all that well and my dad (who normally gets up at 3:30am for work) couldn't either and was talking very loudly to my uncle who had stayed in the casino all night and was just returning at 8.  so everyone then gets up and we head over to the rio (we stayed at the tropicana) for breakfast buffet... and i was all about the bacon and eggs until i saw the sushi... now you're thinking, "sushi at a breakfast buffet?"  keep in mind that people stay up all night gambling, so they just might not be in the mood for breakfast but dinner instead.  so later michelle, kyle (her bf), and i went down to the pool where we had a 44oz. long island ice tea for $12.  best $12 i've ever spent.  that night we went back to the rio for the seafood buffet which was rather good, and after stuffing myself with a plate of lobster, we went back to the tropicana.  we were only there to change clothes before heading out to walk the strip, where i saw james (chris' friend, formerly of best buy).  we then went back to the tropicana and my dad, kyle, and i played blackjack... i lost $20 but i helped my dad win $80.  alright, i'm going to go eat now... i think this blog is long enough