so yesterday was quite an adventure.  i woke up at 8 so i'd have plenty of time to eat breakfast and get everything ready for NYLF (that's where i teach high school students a med school class), with some time left over so i could fix my powerpoint presentation.  now, i've had a short in my radio's amp for a good 8 months, and as long as i'm driving my car at least every other day or i disconnect one of the cables to the battery, everything's ok.  however, this past friday i noticed that someone had moved my car and hadn't closed the door all the way... which drains the battery as well.  so when i had to go pay the cable bill, i went out to my car and it wouldn't start.  normally, after i jumpstart it and then drive it, the battery works fine.  so i assumed that after i had driven my car all the way out here to riverside, it would be fine.  but god had other plans.  so back to yesterday, it's time for me to head over to ucr and i put all my crap in my car, only to find that it won't start.  so i call my roommate matt to have heidi come and pick me up (since matt is in charge of the program, he couldn't leave to pick me up, but since heidi's portion didn't start until after lunch she could come and get me), and from then on my day's going great.  the kids really liked my presentation (my goal is to educate as well as horrify), and i was feeling tired and hungry, but good.  all i wanted to do was nap, eat, and then jumpstart my car so i could drive aimlessly around riverside so i could charge my battery.  but why would life be so easy?  once i got into my room, i start changing into some more comfortable clothes when i hear matt exclaim that his room is full of ants.  i then just so happen to look down to my left and see this giant swarming mass of black on my printer box.  the ants where clustered at one corner of the box, but had a line running almost the entire length of my wall.  so matt then begins to spray all the ants while i run up to the office to see if we can get an exterminator... which we can, but he only comes tuesday mornings... greeeaat.  so i go back and tell him the bad news, and we just end up using almost a whole can of ant spray.  we vacuumed up the dead, and then went to dinner.  dinner was actually quite good, and when i got back, i used heidi's car to jump mine.  we then drove around riverside for a half-hour, and i figured that if i disconnect the cables after i charge it, everything would be good to go.  well, heidi and i go back into my apartment and while i'm lying on my bed, i see a couple stray ants here and there.  i then look behind my desktop tower and see another swarm of ants.  life just keeps on getting better.  we then determined that they were coming from under the baseboards from outside, so we sprayed outside too.  now all that ant spray going around isn't really good for your lungs, so heidi said i could sleep at her place.  i figure that's probably best, but then as i get into my car, reconnect the cable, and try to start it... nothing. piece of mother f--ing shit.  so i figure that the open door, the short, and the unbearable heat of riverside killed my battery.  i think i'll drink something tonight... (well, i was going to anyways since it's a [ucr] friend's bday today)