freklfrnzy: so, what have you been up to since i talked to you last?  b511b: i started writing the great american novel  freklfrnzy: oh, good.  you done yet? freklfrnzy: what's taking so long  b511b: and after 3 pages i figured i'd just use a thousand monkeys at a thousand typewriters...  freklfrnzy: and something was bound to make sense...  b511b: then there was all this bureaucratic red tape b511b: and then i got calls from PETA... [People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals]  b511b: so i just went to the pet store and bought all the mice they had  freklfrnzy: yeah...i bet they said that you were giving the monkeys carpel tunnel syndrome... freklfrnzy: ah...so then they can just step on the keys and not get any nerve damage...  b511b: so i had 37 mice in my living room, and figured it would be more fun if i raced them  freklfrnzy: so you set them all free and now you only know where 3 of them are...  b511b: so then i went to the hobby shop and bought 37 minirace cars  freklfrnzy: oh, geez...i forgot... freklfrnzy: sorry  b511b: i know  freklfrnzy: i'll let you tell your story...i'll stay out of it.  b511b: so i go to signal hill in long beach, where's this really steep hill, and i'm letting these suckers fly down it... b511b: when i realize, man, i'm a weird guy...  freklfrnzy: i realized that at:  "i started writing the great american novel"  b511b: haha b511b: but i bet you didn't know where i was going with my story  freklfrnzy: haha..yeah, i'm kidding freklfrnzy: i realized it LONG ago freklfrnzy: nope...quite imaginative...  b511b: my novel was going to be called," billy and the brass horse"  freklfrnzy: and the main story line was...? freklfrnzy: dare i ask...  b511b: an elite black ops cia agent loses his leg while square dancing.... it's your classic triumph over adversity story  freklfrnzy: ah...and it goes with the title so well...  b511b: i thought so too  freklfrnzy: now, did you think of the title first or did the storyline come to you first? freklfrnzy: let me guess...the title came first...  b511b: actually, i thought of the ending to the story first  freklfrnzy: ah...working backwards.  b511b: he ends up working in a donkey show in tijuana... the donkey's name is billy  freklfrnzy: i see...riveting. freklfrnzy: can't wait to read it...  b511b: you're probably thinking, "aw crap, he's gone even more psycho... how am i going to break up with him and not have him go berserk and blow up my house..."  freklfrnzy: wow.  you can read my mind too.