what with football season starting and millions of people babbling about how great the sport is (just tune into espn to watch any particular team's previous season portrayed essentially as countries that are fighting for dominance... please people, it's a fucking sport...), i just have to mention how great baseball was, is, and always will be by quoting from an article from espn: (it also compares baseball to basketball, but football seems to make people go nuts)  The game is great  Boring? Irrelevant? What are these people watching (or not watching?) There is no other sport that produces the infinite possibilities, never-ending plot lines and cerebral joys that baseball does. None. Think about the last week or so:  --Kerry Wood struck out four hitters and hit a home run in the same inning.  --A starting pitcher (Aaron Myette) threw two pitches all night and still got charged with a walk.  --A guy with more than 2,400 hits (Mark Grace) made his pitching debut. A shortstop (A-Rod) hit his 50th homer.  --The Phillies whiffed into a triple play.  --And the team that began the season with the 29th-highest payroll in baseball (the A's) won its 20th game in a row... after blowing an 11-0 lead. Maybe it's just us, but all of that's way more interesting than a 24-second violation  The players are great  We keep hearing how players today can't play like they did in the olden days. Give it a rest. In Babe Ruth's day, the game was played by a whole lot of slow white men. Players today are far better athletes and are vastly more culturally and ethnically diverse than they are in any other major sport. Let's broadcast that to the world, huh? So this isn't an embarrassing age for baseball. In many ways, it's a golden age  Business ain't so bad, either  We often wonder how much abuse the sport of baseball would take if it went seven years without a team in the second-largest city (los Angeles) in the country. Or if it moved a team out of the fourth-largest city (Houston) in America to, say, Tennessee. Or if it played the World Series in a neutral site, and played the All-Star Game on an island 5,000 miles from some of its biggest cities. Or if the trading deadline came and went but nobody got traded. We are led to believe these days that the NFL can do no wrong and baseball can do no right. But in fact, baseball is judged far more harshly than any of the other sports. A lot of that is baseball's own fault, obviously. But it's time for the sport of baseball to remind people it isn't as big a disaster as it often portrays itself. It's more affordable than those other sports. It has the greatest history of any sport. You don't have to wade through a week of hype waiting for somebody to actually throw a pitch. It's bursting with cool and beautiful ballparks that blend into the fabric of their cities and neighborhoods.  To sell baseball, no one needs to reinvent the wheel. Just shine up the prettiest wheels in sports and roll them down every street corner. Do us that favor: Let's try it and see what happens.  and finally, people gush over the parity in the NFL.  but why? The NFL system penalizes excellence by prohibiting successful teams from keeping top players for any length of time.  And let's stack up baseball's competitive-balance record with the NBA's any time anyone wants to play that game.