here's what i learned this weekend, on a day-by-day basis: Friday: 1. if you try to plan a bonfire at the beach, regardless of how much wood you bring it's  never  enough 2. if i don't eat essentially anything but jello shooters and beer all day, i won't get drunk but i will feel less inhibited 3. "animal-style" double-doubles at In-N-Out are really good 4. everyone at the beach learned just how much of a pyromaniac i am; however, my friends were wondering why my pyromania has decreased in intensity 5. you should really use shoes when playing soccer... you may also ask dave, chris, or john about this 6. bacardi 151 really shouldn't be used in jello shooters 7. if the beach is overcast, don't be too worried about getting sunburned 8. if the water feels like it'll make you freeze to death, spending only 5 minutes out there will get you acclimated to it 9. i want a girlfriend Saturday: 1. drinking beer at 11am is ok if you're at a wedding reception 2. you should, however, get good beer at a wedding reception 3. some women will try to hold onto their youth well into their 70s when they really should've let go when they hit 30 4. catholic weddings are waaaaay different than protestant weddings (a lot more of standing up and sitting down, followed by more standing) 5. after consuming alcoholic beverages without any real amount of food over a 36 hour period, three glasses of alcohol can make you a lil buzzed real quick 6. i really want a girlfriend Sunday: 1. drinking beer at 10:30am is ok if you're at the renaissance faire 2. the renaissance faire is much more entertaining when you have a beer in hand 3. people from all walks of life will go to a renaissance faire, but mostly they'll be fat white chicks in really revealing costumes 4. if you make fun of someone for dropping food on their shirt, be prepared for a much larger portion of your food to fall onto your clothing 5. there are a lot of hot chicks at the renaissance faire, but they're much harder to see through the crowds of fat chicks 6. if the faire is overcast, you will get sunburned pretty bad 7. i really want a girlfriend, just not a fat one i might add to this list, but i got class right now so later skater