umm, i dunno, maybe this is a good reason to really pay attention to what supplements you take...  Physician explains Bechler's death  By Becky Dubin Jenkins / MLB.com FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. -- Orioles right-handed pitching prospect Steve Bechler, 23, died of multi-system organ failure resulting from heatstroke Monday morning at North Ridge Medical Center, team physician William Goldiner said at a team-called news conference Monday afternoon.  Bechler, who was rushed to the hospital early Sunday afternoon after becoming notably winded and reportedly suffering from dehydration and heat exhaustion after participating in some team running drills, died at 10:10 a.m. Bechler's pregnant wife, Kiley, was at his bedside when he died.  The physicians treating him think he died of multi-organ failure due to heatstroke -- heatstroke being a clinical syndrome in which the body overheats," said Goldiner, who did not attend to Bechler in the hospital. "And this is often followed by cell death and multi-organ failure. Usually, one organ system and then another [goes], and often times the result is what happened. That was despite aggressive intervention."  The Washington Times reported in Monday's editions that a supplement containing ephedrine, an amphetamine-like stimulant that has been linked to heatstroke and heart attacks, was found in Bechler's locker after he was rushed to the hospital Sunday. Ephedrine can help quell fatigue and aid weight loss, as well enhance performance. The Times also reported that the supplement found in Bechler's locker was thrown into the garbage as soon as it was found.  Manager Mike Hargrove denied the report, and an Orioles spokesman said the team would not comment on the matter.  Bechler was on respiratory support and was not conscious at the time of death because attending doctors in the intensive care unit had sedated him. Sedation is routine when patients are put on respiratory support because it eliminates pain and allows the machine to support the patient. At one point, Bechler's temperature reached 108 degrees.  "He would rebound at times, and [the doctors] thought they were getting ahead of it," Goldiner said. "Invariably then, and what is characteristic of this syndrome, another organ system would fail. And eventually, it led to his death this morning."  An autopsy was being performed, and the results are expected to be released Tuesday, according to Broward County medical examiner Joshua Perper.  Bechler underwent a routine physical examination on Friday, as did the rest of his teammates, in the Orioles' clubhouse. Player examinations were administered by a few doctors, including Goldiner. Another doctor -- not Goldiner -- examined Bechler on Friday.  Bechler passed his physical, which routinely takes about 20 minutes, on Friday. If a player reports any physical problems to the doctor, he is further examined. But Bechler did not report any problems to the doctor who examined him and was deemed "fit to go" and "fit to play." Bechler did have a routine EKG in 1999, and it, too, was normal.  Because of federal guidelines regarding patient confidentiality issues, Goldiner could provide no further information regarding Bechler's health or physical condition, such as whether he had asthma. Goldiner also could not comment on whether he made any supplement usage known to the medical examiner's office.  "I don't know personally if anything was being taken," Goldiner said. "If the medical examiner asked for it ... you know, I've held nothing back from the medical examiner."  Bechler reported to camp this year heavier than he was at the end of the 2002 season, when he made three relief appearances for the Orioles after a Sept. 3 callup from Triple-A Rochester. Bechler, who was 6-foot-2, was listed as weighing 239 pounds in the Orioles' media guide.  Bechler's weight was questioned by some members of the Orioles. Such weight-loss supplements that include ephedrine are legal and can be purchased at health food stores. But the O's say they do not condone them or anything like them.  "As far as we're concerned, ephedrine, obviously amphetamines [and] weight-loss drugs are never prescribed by us," Goldiner said. "They're never condoned by us, and our policy in the clubhouse has been for years -- it's a written policy -- that we do not allow any products that contain ephedrine, ephedra, pseuephedrine, except for the case that they're prescribed for colds.  "We certainly had no evidence from the physical exam that he was taking ephedrine. Having said that, we do know that players do take things, vitamin supplements. We try to educate them as to the dangers of ephedra and ephedrine. As far as we can go, these are legal substances, available in health food stores. They're made by companies, and they are there and there's nothing illegal. You do not need prescriptions [to get them] and can walk [into a store] and get it yourself."  Executive vice president of baseball operations Jim Beattie said he was not aware of any supplements Bechler may have been taking but that "whatever is [there], whether in his room ... we will certainly cooperate with the investigating fully so if anything does show up, then they will have that information, if not now [then] at a later date."  San Francisco Giants trainer Stan Conte said the results of a player's physical can sometimes be deceiving.  "There are a lot of things that cannot be picked up on physicals that are going on with people," Conte said. "The question is if it's preventable, and I doubt very much it is. Each case is individual. The reports I read about [Bechler] with dehyrdration is [that] the minute he had dizziness and stuff, they stopped and got an ambulance and did everything they're supposed to do. If nothing had happened, they might have been criticized for overreacting."  Florida Marlins trainer Sean Cunningham said his team takes the same precautions do the Orioles regarding players' usage of stimulants.  "We know there are inherent risks with the use of ephedrine and ephedra," he said. "We try to educate the players to the use, to make sure they are aware of it.  "The bottom line is you can get similar effects from coffee from the caffeine. They have to be aware there are effects from stimulants, and they need to be cautious. We try to educate them."  Bechler is the second Major League player to die in six months. Former St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Darryl Kile died June 22 in Chicago of heart arrhythmia caused by blockage to his coronary arteries