 Joe Intern drops the question  By JEFF KRAMER  The Orange County Register  Joe Intern had a problem. He liked Rachel and the feeling seemed mutual. But propose marriage to her? At the end of their first date? In public? At an overpriced theme buffet called Goofy's Kitchen? Hey, those were the rules. As creator of the "Joe Intern" contest and a co-chaperone for Sunday's Disneyland dream date, I summoned my squirrelly 18-year-old intern to my table. Rachel sat alone, picking at her dessert while Kevin Beckman and I talked business. "You need to decide now," I gravely instructed. "Do you want to marry the girl or not?" Moments from now, I'll reveal Beckman's shocking decision and Rachel's response. But first let's review how we got to this point. Two Sundays ago,  Rachel Birdsall , a 16-year-old Cypress High student, entered my small guesthouse not knowing what to expect. She endured tuba practice, a screaming baby and sardine odors for 3 1/2 hours - outlasting four rivals to win an all-expenses-paid date with Joe Intern. When date night finally rolled around, Rachel looked lovely, her luminous green eyes accented by a cozy brown sweater. Beckman, too, had managed to pull it together, somewhat. He wore a jacket and obsessively popped mints to hide his smoker's breath. "You look nice," he told me. "You shouldn't be telling me I look nice," I scolded, nodding toward Rachel. "I already told her she looks nice," Beckman replied. Then panic crossed his face. "Didn't I?" We looked at Rachel, who sadly shook her head "no." Still, Beckman was an operator. The young couple strolled through the park, with me and Pete (my friend and co-chaperone) watching Beckman's every move. When Beckman casually put his arm around Rachel, I screamed. As the father of two young daughters, it was not an easy thing to watch. "Beckman!" I said. "If you mess up, the company that buys the Register will be liable for your actions!" Eventually, we found our stride as a foursome and even went on a few rides. But fantasy and reality-programming were on a collision course. Disneyland was closing. It was time for the thrilling Goofy's Kitchen climax of Joe Intern. "I wouldn't marry anyone," Beckman whispered across the table, looking whiter than usual.  So be it. I stood up in the dining room, introduced myself and said that my intern had something important to announce. "I'm announcing that I'm quitting my internship,'' Beckman quipped, which got a laugh but resolved nothing. "But what do you have to say to Rachel?" I persisted. A man got out his camcorder. A woman advised Beckman to, "Say it from the heart." Beckman looked like he was about to faint. Rachel hid her face in embarrassment. Finally, Beckman blurted, "Do you want to go out next weekend?"  "Yes," she said. Cute. Unfortunately, Beckman's refusal to obey my orders to propose will result in disciplinary action - perhaps in the form of an even more degrading reality-TV-style debacle: Joe Commitment-phobe.