instead of studying, i've been reading a lot of articles from yahoo and going over all the posts i've missed on vinicio's livejournal... but one of his posts troubled me.  i'm a republican, but a liberal one at that.  i favor environmental protections, abortion rights, minority protections, and keeping religion out of gov't (i'm against having the ten commandments posted in gov't buildings, although i'm ok with the pledge of allegiance as it is).  i also favor a strong military, minimal socialization (especially when it comes to medicine cuz i gots to get paid), and i'm relatively against affirmative action (i can sympathize with both sides on that one).  and being from oc, being a republican was no problem. i fit in just fine.  but go to riverside, i'm the outcast.  i've seen and heard a lot of republican bashing... mostly to the point that we're all white males and that's only who we look after.    this point was emphatically demonstrated on vinicio's livejournal when he unwittingly answered questions to a quiz that deemed him 86-100% republican... the equivalent of pure evil.  I would however, like to point out a few things.  first off, while the republican party has changed since its inception, let us not forget the greatest man in the history of america was a republican.  that man? Abraham "i may have marfan's" Lincoln.  it's hard for me to imagine anyone equating emancipation with evil (unless you're in the KKK).   and now for a big sticking point with bush being president.  yes, he lost the election in terms of total votes (~500k).  but had gore won the florida debacle, we would've had 50 million pissed off bush supporters.  so either way, half of the nation was going to be pissed with the election's outcome.  it's just that the pro-gore people tend to have greater access to the media, so we heard from the them.  (if democrats where truly as pissed off as their most vocal members are about that election, why a republican sweep in the midterm elections?)  which leads me to my next point:  i just deplore how liberals automatically dismiss the viewpoints of those 50 million bush supporters (i voted for gore, by the way).  they assume middle america is a bunch of inbred hicks incapable of making the "right" decision.    and i'm seeing a lot of this with the soon-to-be war with iraq.  what would you say is the approval rating of a war with iraq? 15%? 30%? how about a whopping 66%.  and frankly, i have to agree with them.  i do believe the saddam has weapons of mass destruction, or at the very least chemical/biological weapons. and i think inspections are a good idea.  but if we were simply to let these inspections go on forever as germany, russia, and france would like, i can envision saddam simply hiding all his weapons, because quite frankly people are very smart under pressure.  however, i do think we should have UN backing for any force against iraq.  i think we should have set up a plan where iraq has 6 months to 1 year to disarm and prove it to the world.  if not, we should go in there and run the country.  and two points about war with iraq--in a country where the leader is already torturing and killing his own citizens, should we not step in to stop this?  i know we're going to kill people when we invade iraq, but people are going to be killed regardless.  it's as if we shouldn't have invaded nazi germany to save the jews because we were going to kill german citizens too (that's an extreme example, but a similar situation... plus i like hyperbole).  my second point is this war is not about oil.  if it was, we would've taken saddam out after the first gulf war or any other time he pissed us off since then.  the US is the second largest producer of oil in the world, and we get most of the oil we import from venezuela, mexico, and indonesia.  which country gets most of its oil from iraq? france.  that's right, france.  makes you wonder what their ulterior motive is.  so i'm tired of seeing "no blood for oil" or "blood only 1.69 per gallon" cuz frankly, that's a really good price.  i'm not trying to sway anyone one way or the other, i'm just telling it the way i see it... sorry if i offend anyone