 So many sardines, so little time  By JEFF KRAMER  The Orange County Register  "Joe Intern" slumped miserably on the beige sofa in my living room, looking more pale and distressed by the minute. "I get sick in the heat," the native Southern Californian whimpered. "Headache, nausea." Odd. The high temperature in Los Alamitos Sunday was 77 degrees  not exactly heat stroke country. Perhaps my laptop-toting, chain-smoking, skateboarding 18-year-old intern, Kevin Beckman, was feeling hot for a different reason. Four arrestingly beautiful young women had just arrived to vie for Beckman in the latest installment of "Joe Intern"  the most compelling reality TV drama ever to appear exclusively in print. The stakes couldn't have been higher. First, the lucky winner would score a dream date with Beckman to Disneyland, chaperoned by yours truly. Then Beckman and I would decide if he would propose marriage. Finally, the young lady  along with the rest of Orange County  would be informed of our verdict in dramatically brain-dead and exploitative fashion. But we're getting ahead of ourselves. About a dozen women submitted applications to be in "Joe Intern," but of the five finalists chosen by Kevin, only two showed. Luckily, one of them,  Rachel Birdsall , 16, of Cypress, helped out the cause by inviting her sister,  Michelle Birdsall , 21, and best friend, Heather Whittaker, 16, of Lakewood, to compete. Rounding out the field was Molly Coon, 21, of Garden Grove. "I just became single and I enjoy meeting people randomly," she explained. Enjoy? Not this time. "We have a little guest room back here," I said, nodding toward the detached structure that serves as my domestic escape hatch. "All four of you will go in. The last one out wins Kevin." No food. Only water  tap water. Dutifully, the girls marched inside. Their faces were somber and intense. The big screen was turned to a replay of a Los Angeles Unified School Board meeting. Channel changing not allowed. Beckman and I relaxed on the patio, sipping cool drinks and assessing the "talent." Then I remembered: It was time for tuba practice! I entered the guesthouse, apologized for any intrusion and performed a series of thunderous long tones. Already, the girls were getting that glassy-eyed look one associates with prisoners of war. Living with Jeff Kramer, they were realizing, was a challenge unlike any they had ever encountered. Next, I left them with a tape playing children's music that features hellishly unlistenable songs such as "Find Your Elbows."  That did it for Heather and Michelle. Not even a full hour into the contest, both cracked. "The (children's) music really got us," Michelle said, pressing her hand against her temple. "I thought we were going to be, like, asked questions or voted off or something. I have a boyfriend." Malnutrition proved Heather's undoing. "I'm not really into the whole idea of staying in there, because I'm starving," Heather said, reaching into a tub of chocolate-cheesecake brownies offered as an incentive to surrender. Back in the guesthouse, things were getting interesting. "I'm just doing this for your column," Molly confided. "Thanks," Kevin interjected. "My self-esteem is just rising." Then he insulted her by calling her "ma'am." Serious chemistry there. Nate the dog hopped up on the couch where Rachel sat. She tried to scoot away, but Nate snuggled closer. "He sheds," she complained. "I'm wearing black." Then she relented and gave him a few desultory pats. "He's soft," she said. "That's because dogs roll around in their own pee," Beckman said chattily. Long silence.  Our newborn, Lily, has colic, so I brought her into the guest house hoping the change of scenery would help her stop crying. No luck there. Then I played more tuba, put on more annoying kids music and offered the two holdouts a tin of freshly opened sardines. "Ohmygod, it really smells," Molly shrieked. Ten minutes later I found her and Rachel hiding in the guesthouse bathroom to escape the smell. Go figure. I love sardines.  Both girls were warriors. That was clear. But earlier in the day, Molly had committed a major tactical blunder when she blabbed that she had to leave by 8 p.m. for work. Rachel knew if she held out until then, she'd win. Molly must have seen the steely resolve in Rachel's eyes. Sensing defeat, unable to bear the messianic ranting of a televangelist on the big screen, perhaps catching the scent of consolation barbecue sizzling on the grill outside, she straggled out of the guesthouse at 5:30 p.m.  3 hours, 15 minutes into the ordeal. "She (Rachel) really wants to go to Disneyland, and I have a season pass," Molly reasoned. Rachel could hardly believe her good fortune. She'd been in the bathroom when Molly gathered her belongings and bailed. Imagine the thrill Rachel felt when she opened the door to find the guesthouse empty. "I was confused," Rachel, who swims for the Cypress High swim team, said later. "I thought you guys were just messing around, trying to get me to come out." Nope. Beckman and Rachel it is. I'll report in intrusive detail on our big Disneyland date when it happens. Meanwhile, I've tentatively scheduled the wedding. It's July 18 at L.A.Unified School District headquarters.