ok so on yesterday's DAMP: it's well known that wherever sickle cell anemia is prevalent, then there is also a high incidence of malaria since the heterozygous condition provides a selective advantage over the homozygotes (both recessive and dominant) when infected by the  Plasmodium falciparum  parasite.  why this is so has to due with the reduced ability of the sickle hemoglobin to bind oxygen but more so with the fact that the heterozygotes contain both regular red blood cells and sickled red blood cells.  this then causes two distinct environments (biochemically) for the parasite to live in and it cannot survive the disparity; this contrasts to the homozygotes in which the parasite can effectively adapt to the one environment present (either the regular or sickled).  "what does this have to do with xylophones?" you ask.  well, the bantu people were among the first to develop agriculture in africa; unfortunately, their specific type of agriculture tends to promote mosquito proliferation and therefore malaria.  as a defense, sickle cell anemia arose to prominence within the bantu population.  then when the bantu people spread across most of africa, their agriculture, and the malaria, went with them.  now it just so happens that bantu tribal music uses a lot of xylophones and that too was spread along with the agriculture.  so wherever there is malaria in central africa, there is a high probability that there are xylophones being used in tribal music.  quite interesting, no?  haha  anyways, july keeps on taking forever and hopefully it won't seem like an eternity before august gets here.  but i'm going with chris, patricia, and her cousin brittany to SD tomorrow... except that we won't leave til 2 cuz that's when patricia gets off work and then we have to drive out to temecula to pick up brittany, and then it's off down the 215 to san diego.  hopefully traffic won't completely stop while we're on the 91.  but enough of san diego... i can't wait til the week of aug. 6 cuz that's when my med school orientation is and UCR is paying for a hotel stay in LA... so i'm thinking we should all party out there for a while.  but it sucks for all the people who will be starting at UCLA med school cuz they have to start the monday after orientation; i and the other UCR/UCLA med school students have to start sept. 13, which although is two weeks earlier than the rest of the school is much better than aug. 13.  so DAMP #46:  Think fast hot shot: You sending me a message when I'm clearly away makes me _______ a yak in heat (choose answer below) a.  madder than b.  the same as c.  airplane d.  all of the above