hbo has a show entitled "autopsy" in which murder cases are presented and actual autopsy photos are shown.  one particularly struck me the other day because it dealt with something my roommate pete and i joke around a lot with.  there's a drug called succinyl choline which causes paralysis and is used in surgery... the paralysis is necessary because you don't want your patients moving around during surgery and the paralysis is completely reversible by an enzyme in your body.  it used to be that anesthetics were used alone because they cause loss of pain sensation at low doses and paralysis at high doses.  however, these high doses tend to cause more side effects.  so instead, they use succinyl choline to paralyze the patient for surgery and then use anesthetics for pain.  if you give enough succinyl choline, you'll eventually paralyze all the muscles in the patient, and this will cause them to die from suffocation.  but you have to give a lot of succinyl choline for this to occur, because it gets rapidly degraded.  so in surgery, they put the patient on a succinyl choline IV bag and a ventilator, so that the machine will breathe for the patient pete and i joke about this all the time... like if we're dealing with a patient that's being a dick, just inject him with some succinyl choline.  need to look into a child's ear but don't want him moving all over the place? succinyl choline. anyway, about 15 years ago there was a pathologist out of washington whose wife had died all of a sudden.  she was in her forties, had no chronic diseases (heart disease, diabetes, cancer), and was completely healthy.  the coroner wanted to do an autopsy, but her husband said no.  so she was being embalmed at the local mortuary when the coroner and the DA got a judge to order that the women be given an autopsy.  since she was half full of the embalming fluid (formalin), the labs at the time lacked the equipment and tests to accurately perform a toxicology screen.  so all her organs were placed in jars filled with formalin and the death was ruled as sudden unexplained death due to undetermined causes.  9 years later, some new tests showed up that could test the organs and they all tested positive for succinyl choline.  apparently, the formalin had degraded the enzymes responsible for degrading succinyl choline, so the succinyl choline just stayed put.  so he was then sentenced to life in prison. i just thought it was kind of funny that pete and i had always joked about using succinyl choline for "evil," when someone already had...  basically the moral of the story is if you're going to kill someone with succinyl choline, make sure they get cremated