ok, i'm gonna go on another rant, but this time it's not about the iraq war.  this one is about cheap HIV drugs for africa.  as you may or may not know, africa is home to 28 million of the 42 million HIV patients.  some countries are absolutely devastated by this epidemic and rates of prevalence get as high as 36% of the population being infected.  essentially what will happen is the whole middle-aged population will die off, leaving countries filled with the elderly and children.  this will also lead to the evolution of naturally resistant people since these people will be selected for.   some celebrities have taken this epidemic up as their cause and have demanded drug companies and the UN to provide anti-HIV meds to these countries for free or at low prices, a major demand considering these drugs cost around $12-15k per year.  this, of course, sounds good in theory (just like communism).  and sadly, a lot of people are getting involved in this movement, because frankly it's simply a horrible idea.  i'm not saying this because i think these poor people should be forced to pay the same amount as we are, but because giving the drugs to these people will not help in the least bit. let me start off by telling you some important info about HIV: there are two major types, HIV-1 and HIV-2 HIV-2 is mostly seen in africa and is rather different in disease progression.  It is not as infectious in the early stages of the disease, and oddly enough increases in infectivity as time goes on. both are retroviruses, meaning that their genes are stored as RNA.  once the virus enters the cell, the RNA is released and an enzyme called reverse transcriptase converts it to DNA.  this DNA is then used to make RNA for viral protein production and for inclusion in the new virus particles.  this enzyme is inherently sloppy, so every day in every HIV-infected person every possible point mutation is occurring in the virus's genome.  so basically every day an infected person ends up with 10 billion slightly different viruses.  this allows for easy development of strains resistant to medication (some medications can induce resistant strains in as little as 2 weeks).  what this boils down to is that HIV is a bitch-ass virus that will invariably become resistant to all medications thrown at it.  this is why the current treatment regimen is to give three drugs at once, which can delay the emergence of resistant strains. and for some reason, HIV-2 isn't as susceptible to the current antiretroviral drugs as is HIV-1.  this means that you either have to take a lot more drugs (thereby increasing the number of side effects) or taking larger doses (again increasing the number of side effects).  so this is  reason #1  that giving these drugs to the impoverished african people is a bad idea.  reason 2:   with HIV-2 becoming more infectious as the disease progresses, extension of these peoples' lives increases the likelihood of more infectious strains.  so you'll get a population that is living longer but is more infectious.  this could potentially lead to low risk exposures (kissing, for example) becoming higher risk exposures.  reason #3:   not all medicines can be kept out in the cupboard.  this is especially true of a number of these antiretrovirals... they simply need to be kept refrigerated if they are going to work.  and last time i checked, africa isn't a place that's loaded with refrigerators.  reason #4:   these countries simply don't have the infrastructure for administering these drugs.  i mean, it's not like they can just give the patients their pills and let them go on their merry little way.  these patients have to be constantly monitored to make note if any adverse reactions occur and if the drugs are even effective against the particular type of HIV that the patient has.  reason #5:   the people themselves.  now i'm going to be generalizing a LARGE number of people, but it's safe to say that these people are from a different culture that has a very different view of medicine than we do.  these are the same people that stoned three teachers to death because the people believed that the teachers conjured up some evil spirits... these spirits are the cause of the current outbreak of ebola.  so they may be of the mindset that they only need to take medication when they are feeling symptomatic.  this is the case in a number of non-western medicine cultures (read Medical Choice in a Mexican Village by Young and Garro).  so the infrequent use of medication is a BIG concern.  reason #6:   comorbid exposures.  i'm not talking about these people getting attacked by lions or crocodiles, but these people live in an area where they are consistently malnourished and exposed to malaria, tuberculosis, water-borne parasites, and other microbial diseases.  these other diseases strain their ability to fight off infection and have been statistically shown to speed up the time course of HIV.  so they die earlier even with the proper treatment.  reason #7:   failure of education programs.  these governments simply don't put enough of their resources into education about HIV and because a lot of the people still have the belief that diseases are caused by spirits.  but you can blame a lot of this on these governments' limited finances .  this is the one area where action can be easily made.  if the UN could finance education programs in these countries and provide condoms, then i think everyone will be better off.  one study among prostitutes showed that those that always used condoms, none became infected with HIV as opposed to the 24% that became infected when they never or infrequently used condoms.    so in synopsis, giving these people free/cheap drugs is a nice idea, but won't work.  all you'll end up with is the emergence of resistant strains that could possibly spread throughout the entire world because these countries don't have the infrastructure and financial resources to make sure these infected people get the treatment they need.  sure, the drug companies could come up with new drugs, but at a cost of $0.5-1 billion dollars per drug and a 10 year time frame for a drug to go through all the necessary clinical trials, it just isn't likely.  plus as of now, once you're infected you're basically counting down the days until you die.  there is no cure, and all these drugs do is extend life.  they might decrease the chance of infection, but they're not nearly as effective as a cheaper alternative: a condom...  so the synopsis of the synopsis:   don't be a fool, wrap your tool