today, i got a chance to sit outside and read while i was waiting for the surgery scheduled at 9:30.  unfortunately they let people smoke in the hospital's courtyard, so it was rather unpleasant.  but then i saw a married couple smoking together, with their 5 year old daughter standing right beside them.  and i thought to myself, "that poor child."  i then looked down at my book and noticed out the corner of my eye a piece of rebar that was barely sticking out of the concrete planter i was sitting on.  that's when it dawned on me.  when we are given the gift of a child, we need to go above and beyond to make sure that the child is able to take full advantage of the world.  for example, if i were to build my own concrete planter, i would need some materials.  notably, a wood frame, concrete mix, water, rebar, etc.  if one of those components were to be defective, you can rest assured that the planter isn't going to last long.  whether i set the rebar incorrectly, or the frame was angled to make the planter unstable, or whatever.  and while this crappy analogy is barely holding together, let's think about it.  by smoking in front their child, they're causing this poor little girl's lungs be exposed to horrible cancer-causing chemicals that do not only cause cancer of the lungs, but of the urinary bladder, breasts, cervix, and if she were male, prostate.  she's at a higher risk of developing life-threatening asthma and of having less growth than her friends who are never exposed to the level of smoke she endures.  plus, growing up in that type of environment only increases her chance of starting smoking and perpetuating a horrendous cycle of cancer, lung disease, and heart disease... and while i applaud the efforts of those who try to end breast cancer (which included myself a number of years ago), i feel we need the same kind of commitment for lung cancer and heart disease.  you never see a "run for the cure" fund-raiser for either one of those, even though they are the leading causes of death in the united states for men AND women. now i just hope that little girl doesn't decide one day, "hey, i wanna be like mommy and daddy"...