so today was a very interesting day.  i got to the hospital by 5:45am to check on my two patients.  turns out, one of the them had gone home the night before.  so i basically sat around for twenty minutes after i had written my progress note for my one remaining patient.  once the rest of the team showed up, i waited for them to write their notes and i told my chief about my patient.  by this point, it was around 7:15 and i had done crap.  luckily, i had my book and started to read.  i was then going to write a pre-operative note on one patient who was scheduled for a 7:30 surgery but by 7:25, she wasn't there yet... apparently she was still at home.  i then told one of the 4th year residents that i had an hour and a half lecture at 8, so she told to just come back afterwards and i'll probably get to scrub in at the surgery at 10. so it's 7:30, i figure i'll go downstairs to the cafeteria and get some breakfast since i have even more time to kill.  breakfast consisted of a chocolate donut and a LARGE coffee, and i eventually waddled my way over to my lecture only to find that the doctor was running late and it wouldn't start til 8:30.  but lecture actually ended up being only an hour long, so i amble back to the gyn floor, find my chief, and she tells me the 10 o'clock case has been postponed, so i should go read.  i then chill at the library reading anything but gyn stuff, and go down to the cafeteria at 11 to get some lunch.  i try to read my book during the hour that i'm in there, but CNN was on and well... i read half a chapter.  anyhow, i get my lazy ass up and go to my next conference at 12 only to discover that it actually starts at 12:30.  so i get to hang out in the midday sun for a change, and it felt great.  after the conference, i paged my chief and she told me to go home.  so yea, i basically did 25 minutes of work, sat through two hours of lecture, but was at the hospital for close to 8 hours... and i'm on call tomorrow from 8am until 8am sunday.  ob/gyn is such a waste of time...