so i show up to work today to hear some crazy news... apparently, a 16yo girl delivered a cyclops baby the night before.  she had shown up to a clinic yesterday afternoon, where they scanned her uterus and found excessive amniotic fluid.  so they sent her over to cedars to be worked up, and we confirmed (i was already home by the time she presented, but my roommate got to work her up) that she did in fact have too much fluid.  so as we were also checking out the fetus's  heart rate, it was noted that it was very low.  well, polyhydramnios (i.e. excessive fluid) + bradycardia (i.e. low heart rate) = crash c-section.  so they rushed her into the operating room, called up the NICU team (i.e. neonatal intensive care unit), and proceeded to surgically deliver this baby.  now, we had no way of knowing this fetus was a cyclops because (1) mom hadn't been to a doctor the whole pregnancy, (2) facial abnormalities are difficult to pick up on ultrasound, and (3) we wouldn't run a genetic analysis on the fetus because mom is young (most karytope abnormalities like Downs syndrome [trisomy 21] occur with maternal age>35) and it's a bit late in the pregnancy to be getting an amniocentesis.  anyhow, out comes the baby and everyone freaks out... no one was expecting this.  so the NICU team panics, intubates the kid (i.e. puts a tube down its throat) but has difficulty getting it in because its pharynx is all messed up, and whisks it away to the NICU.  and mom does fine other than some high blood pressure. i saw the baby this morning, and it was nuts.  small head, one gigantic eye, two eyebrows, and no nose.  the eye was closed, and from the eyelid you could tell it wasn't just a simple giant eye but instead the eyes were fused together... pretend your fists are the eyes, now place your fists next to each other... kinda like that.  this presentation is called holoprosencephaly and is found in Patau syndrome, where you have trisomy 13.  this is the most rare of the viable trisomies (Downs [21] live the longest, then Edwards [18, they die by 1 year], then Patau... they die in 3 days) and in the 15-19 year old mothers group the incidence is 1/33,500.  Holoprosencephaly literally means the forebrain is fused together, so everything that originates from the forebrain is fused as well.  Now this explains the cyclopia because normally the two halves of the forebrain individually develop embryologic optic cups (i.e. primitive eyes) which start on the sides of the embryonic head near the future location of the ears and migrate towards the midline,  while the nose actually starts near the forehead in the midline and migrates downward to its normal location.  now in holoprosencephaly, failure of the forebrain to divide causes the optic cup to develop in the midline in the same plane as the ears. only now the embryonic nose develops directly above the optic cup, so the embryonic nose has no place to go and generally a proboscis develops (basically it's a lump of tissue that was to be the nose, but has no function). this child however, may have had a partial halving of the forebrain, which explains why the eyes look as they did.  the family was unsure of what to do and being catholic, felt they couldn't pull the plug on the baby until they consulted a priest.  so a priest or two came in, saw the baby, talked to the family, and the decision was made to baptize the baby, extubate it (i.e. remove the tube from its throat), and then let mom hold it until it expired.  but before they could do that, the baby's dad, who has a history of seizures, saw the baby and what with the stress of having a baby and then seeing what he fathered, had a seizure in the NICU.  so the NICU people called a code and other doctors showed up to make sure dad was ok.  afterwards, they extubated the baby, sent it down to be with mom, and it died within a half hour from inability to breath...