i think the best thing you take from my insult-a-thon earlier is that when you are researching a medical condition on the internet, please take some things to heart.   1) if you have a number of symptoms, write those symptoms down.  write down that you can't go up a flight of stairs without stopping and catching your breath. or that you've had 3 episodes of blood in your stool within the past week.  don't write down stuff that only happened once a long time ago.  and if you decide to write down on your symptom list that you had one episode of heart burn following a night of mexican food and beer, don't think that your "chest pain" is the same chest pain that the article you're reading is referring to. 2) look at the source you're reading from.  emedicine, webmd, cdc are excellent sites.  going to google and finding some article written by a PhD in god-knows-what from bangladesh is probably not the best place for medical advice.  neither are testimonials. 3) look at the date of the source.  oftentimes disease definitions and treatments change year-to-year 4) if you decide you have a disease, think to yourself, "am i likely to have this disease?"  by this i mean look at the people who are affected by the disease ***epidemiology***.  if you think you have tay-sachs disease, maybe you should think, "am i a jewish person from eastern europe?" if not, then maybe you don't have the disease.  REMEMBER: COMMON THINGS ARE COMMON.  the old adage holds true: if you hear hoofbeats, think horses not zebras. 5) maybe you should know what's normal before you figure out what's wrong.  knowing what causes diabetes mellitus and how your body normally processes glucose is more important that a list of things that sugar can do to you...  doctors are actually happy to find that a patient has done research into their disease.  it shows that you're more likely to be a good patient and follow the advice we give you and take all of your medication.  just don't be so set on what you've determined you have versus what the doctor tells you what you have.  afterall, you came to us for our opinion and we didn't spend the four years of med school and 3+ years of residency twiddling our thumbs.  we know medicine or at the very least who to contact so you can be treated. just remember to be honest with your doctor.  it may be embarrassing, but we've heard more embarrassing things and seen people in worse situations. and finally, you may think that every cold you get is caused by bacteria, so therefore you need antibiotics.  but there's a huge difference between the two.  people who have a bacterial infection are SICK.  you look at them and you just know they're sick.  sure, you get the occasional person who presents with mild symptoms and has a crazy bacterial infection, but these people normally have a lot of other things going against them.  so if after a week of a crappy ass cold you go see your physician, he'll give you antibiotics.  why? because patients aren't happy unless we give you medication, specifically antibiotics.  and true, there are a subset of people with a viral illness who need prophylaxis against a bacterial superinfection.  but again, in all likelihood, it's not you.  besides, with all the medication you take while you have a cold, you'll probably feel like crap for two weeks.  without the meds, 14 days.  so go ahead and do your research, but don't trust everything you read... except this.