sugar has gotten a bad rap, and for good reason.  it's because of high calorie sodas, juices, and snacks that a majority of americans are overweight and 1 in 50 are morbidly obese (meaning your Body Mass Index [BMI=Weight in kilograms/(Height in meters)^2] is greater than 40).  however, there's nothing more than i hate than bad science. and   this , my friends, is BAAAAAAAAD science.  or at least poor reporting of scientific information. so i'd figure i'd impart some of my own knowledge to counteract this MORON's diatribe.   124 Ways Sugar Can Ruin Your Health   Contributed by Nancy Appleton, Ph.D., www.nancyappleton.com Author of the book "Lick The Sugar Habit" In addition to throwing off the body's homeostasis, excess sugar may result in a number of other significant consequences. The following is a listing of some of sugar's metabolic consequences from a variety of medical journals and other scientific publications.   look at the references this chick uses... i doubt the San Jose Mercury News is at the forefront of medical journals. and the journals she does cite are either unheard of or are from issues from waaay back.   Sugar can suppress the immune system  maybe if you're diabetic   Sugar upsets the mineral relationships in the body  which minerals? what relationships are you talking about?    Sugar can produce a significant rise in triglycerides  considering a sugar load causes an increase in insulin secretion, which then causes the body to decrease the level of triglycerides in the blood, i wonder where she got this info.  unless she's thinking about it the other way: low sugar causes the release of glucagon, which releases sugar and triglycerides from the liver...   Sugar contributes to the reduction in defense against bacterial infection (infectious diseases)  again, only in diabetes   Sugar causes a loss of tissue elasticity and function, the more sugar you eat the more elasticity and function you loose  uh, that's diabetes too   Sugar reduces high density lipoproteins  uh, no   Sugar leads to chromium deficiency  i didn't think chromium was that essential of a vitamin... even so, any data on these micronutrients are scant   Sugar leads to cancer of the breast, ovaries, prostrate, and rectum  are you sure you're not just making this shit up?   Sugar can increase fasting levels of glucose  HAHAHA.  there's only ONE form of sugar your body uses for metabolism.  it's called glucose.  every sugar gets modified to glucose or if it can't, gets excreted.  so if i were to give you any type sugar, your non-fasting glucose will go up.  but your fasting glucose, meaning you haven't eaten anything in 12 hours or so, should only be elevated in diabetes.   Sugar causes copper deficiency  see my chromium note   Sugar interferes with absorption of calcium and magnesium  imagine this scenario.  100,000 years ago, a toddler is given a piece of fruit go to along with his standard diet of breast milk.  but all that sugar he just ate interferes with his calcium absorption.  next thing you know, he's got rickets and his bones are breaking like crazy cause he can't absorb the calcium.  DAMN IT ALL!!!   Sugar can weaken eyesight  it's called diabetic retinopathy.  it takes years   Sugar raises the level of neurotransmitters: dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine  got it backwards.  dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine (norepinephrine=noradrenaline=one step behind adrenaline) cause an increase in blood glucose.  besides, those neurotransmitters, especially serotonin, make you feel goooood.   Sugar can cause hypoglycemia  hypo-glyc-emia=low-glucose-in the blood.  so by taking in a glucose load, i somehow am able to decrease my blood glucose.  what is this, some glucose made of antimatter?   Sugar can produce an acidic digestive tract  sugars are inherently acidic.  no way around it   Sugar can cause a rapid rise of adrenaline levels in children  you're making my head hurt with your idiotic rambling   Sugar malabsorption is frequent in patients with functional bowel disease  i've never heard of a functional bowel disease.   Sugar can cause premature aging  then cut every single last sugar from your diet.  enjoy your early death.   Sugar can lead to alcoholism  yea, and smoking pot makes you a terrorist.   Sugar can cause tooth decay   finally, a valid point.    Sugar contributes to obesity   wow, two in a row.  keep it up    High intake of sugar increases the risk of Crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis  from "the essentials of general surgery," page 281:the exact etiology=cause of ulcerative colitis is undetermined but has implicated an infectious, inflammatory, genetic, and environmental etiologies.  crohn's disease is practically the same.   Sugar can cause changes frequently found in persons with gastric or duodenal ulcers  what changes are you talking about   Sugar can cause arthritis  another disease with an unknown cause   Sugar can cause asthma  i also hear it will eat you and your entire family   ok, i'm going to stop there because i simply can't make fun of this bull shit article anymore without having to thank this author.  plus i'm starving and i think you all got my point.  but if you any questions about any more of the feces that this woman is pouring out of her mouth, IM me and i'll set you straight...