i was sitting in grand rounds when my mind started drifting to my last few years of life... i've spent my time watching tv, listening to music, drinking, watching porn, etc.  basically just goofing off and not devoting my time to my education as i should.  sure i learned a good amount of material, but i've done just enough to get the mean.  nothing to be ashamed of, but nothing to be proud of either.  and as i sit here, listening to some doc from medicine blabber on about ventilator controls, i realize that i don't want to be an internist, and i can't picture myself being a general surgeon either.  So far i have more in common with the ER interns who are rotating thru our service than with the g-surg residents... So i'm thinking that at the end of this semester i'll switch my preceptor from plastics (which is a subspecialty of g-surg) to urology, try to hook up some research in uro, kick ass on step 2, and then pray this is good enough to place in a decent uro program.  If this doesn't work, then maybe ER is for me. I was also reflecting on the women i've dated... how i wish i had the balls to ask jessica johnson out in high school or spent less time chasing after kristin or being so petty after my first gf in college humiliated me.  or not being so desperate to be in a relationship that i spent about 6 months too many with heidi. or being so ready to ditch out on her that i jumped to the next girl that showed interest in me.  or being so afraid of actually getting off my ass and meeting women that i blame my female woes on a "crappy schedule" that prevents me from going out.  and now i feel it's this mentality that may keep me all alone for the rest of my life... i need to get motivated and keep motivated in my academic and personal life and then i got to thinking what powers i would have if i was a mutant, xmen style.  i thought it'd be cool if one hand could form ice a la iceman while the other could do fire in a similar fashion.  and if i put my hands together, i could form water and fire it out like a fire hose... now that'd be tight