ok, so i'm on colorectal/ambulatory surgery and i know there's a lot of jokes to made at my expense, to which i'll allow in due time. but today was ambulatory surgery clinic and it was nice.  basically we evaluate people who might need a surgical correction for whatever it may be... we may decide they don't need surgery or, better yet, that they do.  if they need surgery, then we need to know if we can do it at the clinic or if they need to be admitted so we can go to the actual OR.  my first patient was shot in the right thigh in june and luckily the bullet didn't hit any major structures as it passed next to his right femoral artery, exited his thigh, passed through his scrotum WITHOUT hitting a damn thing, and then entering the left thigh, where the bullet again missed his femoral artery, finally stopping right at the skin on the lateral aspect of his upper left thigh.  they don't normally remove bullets when they first happen unless it entered a major structure/vessel because the removal of the bullet may actually cause more damage.  so he's had this bullet in him for three months and it's been causing him a lot of pain... and damn, dude, just pressing on his skin you could wiggle the bullet around.  IT WAS SO AWESOME. the second patient i saw today was by far the highlight of my day.  he came in for a scheduled excision of two benign fat tumors that he had in his abdominal wall and the right side of his back.  the resident drew a line over each tumor and had the patient lie down on the examining table.  he then told me to put on my gloves, and i thought he needed me to assist him.  Instead, he had me DO THE FRICKIN' PROCEDURE!!!!  HAHAHAHA!!!! i was so excited.  i injected the line the resident drew with so much lidocaine cuz i didn't want him feeling a damn thing, and then i cut through his skin down to the fat.  the resident was surprised i was able to make such a straight incision.... RIVERSIDE REPRESENT!!  haha, it was a great day today.  and tomorrow i get some real OR time.... good times.