it's almost december, and i'm in my "no-baseball-for-3-more-months" funk: the time when i yearn to hear the latest rumors about free agents and trades.  but also because yesterday all my family was over and we sat down to watch... football. don't get me wrong.  football's great.  i hear they still play some of the game in between the vast stretches of commercials.  but growing up in southern california (the part that matters to the rest of the country: LA/OC), we have two sports: baseball and basketball.  everyone here knows basketball doesn't matter until april when the  2 MONTHS   of playoffs begin and lakers put a little more effort into it.  hockey is great, but again, it boils down to the postseason and still too foreign of a game for me to completely understand. football? i hear san diego has a remnant of a team, and the omnipotent BCS will fuck USC again (even though i go to UCLA, i feel no affliation to their "team"). but baseball is great throughout the season and year after year.  sure, it gets a lot of flak and rightfully so, but we still keep coming back.  so in my tradition of bad-mouthing all other sports ad nauseum (mostly football, though), i've decided to post another column that i found to be delightfully invigorating for the true baseball fan.  From Jim Caple I love baseball.   I love baseball because I love history and, in a culture plagued by amnesia, history still matters in baseball. Basketball and football start fresh and new every year, but baseball never forgets last season or the season before or the season before or even the season before Pete Rose's last decent haircut. What happened 80 years ago is as important as what happened yesterday. This year's postseason was so compelling not just because of how incredibly close each game was, but because we all knew the Red Sox hadn't won a World Series since WWI, the Cubs hadn't played in a World Series since World War II, and neither will win one before WWIII.   I love baseball because Hank Aaron is the first name alphabetically, because of Steve Bartman and Pedro vs. Zimmer, and because of all the other many bizarre circumstances and moments that make it clear that, while God doesn't play dice games with the universe, he does play Rotisserie Ball. I love it, not just because of the numbers, but because they're the only numbers people recognize, because .406, 56, 755 are more familiar than our cash machine numbers. I love it because where the game is played is almost as important as the game itself. I love it because they let you keep the ball when it goes into the stands. I love it because of the home run trot. I love it because of box scores.   I love our national pastime because a Japanese player was the American League MVP two years ago and a Dominican player won it last year while a French-Canadian just won the Cy Young and an African-American just won the NL MVP for the third year in a row. I love baseball because, as the national pastime, it is held to a higher standard than the other sports. I love it because even with all the anguish over steroids, one of the best players in the world is 5-foot-9 and weighs 170 pounds.   I love it because you almost never see players taken off the field in a stretcher. I love it because even though there are the same number of boors and SOBs as anywhere else, more people laugh and joke about themselves than in other sports. I love it because it's fun.   I love it because when players talk about baseball, they refer to it as a game instead of a war.