take 3 minutes of your time to think about the worst possible thing you could do to a person.  once you're done, finish with this post.  but you're probably going to read on through without putting much thought into it, so do whatever you please. do you have your plan in mind? now no matter what you thought of, it's already been done... and it's been done innumerable times with such a degree of sophistication and malice that any attempt you could make would be sophomoric and disgraceful.  don't believe me? are you so naive to believe that throughout the hundreds of thousands of years of human existence that no one could have done it better and more hurtful than anything you can fathom (unless it involves something that could only have happened recently... like squashing someone with a space shuttle or something similar)?  i'm not pointing this out to be derogatory, but to make a point of how confining own perception of the world is.  we don't like to think of all the brutality in the world that happens ever day... the worst possible things that we can imagine we prefer to see as fantasy but not the reality that it was and is.  like those stories about they find a pubescent girl chained to her bedpost for her entire life... chained by her parents.  she's haggard-appearing, spending her days naked in a room covered in feces, unable to speak.  it's happened before, and unfortunately, it'll happen again.  so when we come across something that completely appalls us, we must not let our own disgust, outrage, and intrigue consume us.  this applies to me in the ER setting... if this poor girl were to wander in, i can't let my inperception of her condition preclude me from doing my job.  this applies to the world in general because we can't appreciate the viewpoints of others.  as i christian, i can't understand why there are so many people in the world don't believe in jesus.  but muslims feel the same about muhammed, buddhists about buddha, and mormons about being crazy.  but think of this in terms of the iraq debacle:  those people that support our invasion of iraq don't understand the pro-peace position, and those that are pro-peace have no idea how anyone can support the iraq campaign. just like the pro-lifers not understanding how anyone could ever fathom killing a helpless fetus, whereas the pro-choicers can't understand how anyone would let a woman not have control over her own body and life. it boils down to this... don't cram your rhetoric and beliefs down the throats of others unless you allow the opposing side an equal amount of time.  now i got to get back to my plan of inflicting horror on someone special...