my experience with blogs has been this: no one uses them in the same manner as anyone else.  by this i mean, what i blog about differs in terms of content, context, emotion, and sincerity than say john blogs about or vinicio or chris.  john blogs about politics, his faith, his latest adventure with a lot people who i know nothing about, and the struggles he encounters with school, family, and career.  vinicio used to post about politics and social issues, but now he talks about what girl he's partying with now and what scheme he's got brewing in the twisted yet creative head of his.  chris has chronicled his job, his relationship, and the anecdotes he has going on.  in contrast, i'm a bit more random (or so i'd like to think).  i talk about areas of science that intrigue me, baseball, the on-goings in my life, inane trivia, rants against things that i believe are stupid, and quite often, shit that i've either plagiarized or modified to my own taste because it's frickin' hilarious.  i mean, look at the last couple of posts i've done.  i talked about words that i'm using, the dodgers, sunbathers' vs. swimmers' romantic issues, etymology of the months, toes jealous of fingers, and going back in time.  i'm not saying that my blog is better than the 3 i mentioned, because they're all great since they provide insight into each other's lives during a time when we don't get to hang out nearly as much as we should.  but what i am saying is that you can't base your impression of john, vinicio, chris, or myself on what we blog.  these posts are snapshots of time in which our sentiments and state of mind differ from one post to the next.  i've had posts where i'm infuriated and go off on a topic ad nauseum (see my post on why free HIV drugs are a bad idea) or where i'm GOOFING OFF and it's obvious by my semantics (see last post).  but some people have taken everything i've posted on this glorious blog of mine to be the honest expression of my heart.  to which i say, "are you serious?"  i mean, when i wished my blog a happy birthday, don't think i meant it with the same sincerity that i have when i talk about the looming career decision i about to make.  afterall, it should be quite easy to tell which posts are facetious and which are sincere...