tell me all you know about herbal medicines and natural supplements.  now tell me the science behind those supplements. that's what i thought.  a lot of people have heard of numerous different types of herbal meds and supplements, but no one is really sure how they work or even if they work.  sure, we always hear about the stories about how one of your coworkers takes garlic pills every morning and they haven't gotten sick in a number of years or some crap like that, but have you ever heard anything more than anecdotal evidence?  well, i'm here to give you the lowdown on what i've learned so far. in 1994 congress passed the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA), which categorized certain products as "dietary supplements" that prior to 1994 were considered as foods.  These products include herbal medicines, vitamins, minerals, amino acids, and enzymes that weren't labelled as drugs (i.e. didn't under FDA approval), but were obviously not foodstuffs.  well, the DSHEA limited what these dietary supplements could put on their labels.  the labels cannot mention diagnosis, treatment, cure, or disease on the label, but could put up "structure and function" claims.  for example, echinacea is for people with upper respiratory tract infections (e.g. bronchitis).  however, with DSHEA you're not allowed to say terms such as upper respiratory tract infection or bronchitis.  but you can say echinacea "supports the immune system" or "maintains immune function."  likewise, st. john's wort is for depression, but depression is a medical illness.  so the label now says it "promotes healthy moods" or "reduces the blues."  this obviously can become very confusing for consumers and health care professionals because how are we supposed to know what "supports the immune system" means? another issue with dietary supplements is that there is no premarket efficacy or safety studies required by the FDA.  they only check the label claims so that they fit under the "structure and function" guidelines.  this also shifts the burden of proof to the FDA.  the companies are saying that these products are safe until the FDA steps in and says otherwise (e.g. ephedra).  one last complaint is that there are no regulatory assurances of quality control.  there's no guarantee that the product contains what's on the label, there's no uniform standardization of products, and there's been reports of contamination of certain products with toxic herbs, other drug products, pesticides, and heavy metals (e.g. lead).  hua fo tablets were labelled as "enhancing sexual function"... they did alright; they contained viagra.  this is commonly the case with asian dietary supplements.  european dietary supplements tend to be more uniform due to regulations by the EU, and they've actually done some somewhat good research on their products. one study showed that glucosamine worked just as effectively as NSAIDs (ibuprofen, piroxicam, diclofenac) in the treatment of osteoarthritis, but glucosamine took 2-3 months to be effective whereas NSAIDs took 3-4 weeks.  for those of you out there with urinary retention due to an enlarged prostate, extract of saw palmetto (it's a dwarf palm tree) has been as effective as finasteride or alpha-blockers... the standard meds for benign prostatic hyperplasia.  however, that's about the extent of the success stories.  echinacea has been resoundingly shown to have absolutely no effect on the duration of an illness (the latest study came out in december in the Journal of the American Medical Association... the fact that it was in that journal signifies it was an excellent study). so while the FDA doesn't test quality assurances of dietary supplements, some companies do.  these are independent companies that take product off the shelves and test them, and then give their seal of approval to those that live up to their word.  so if you're going to waste your money on herbal medicines or other dietary supplements, buy one that has the Consumer Lab, USP, or NSF logo on it.  for further free medical info, call me at my new toll-free number!!!  1-800-DOCTORB.  The B is for Bargain!!!