i read on another blog how there's no mention of homosexuality or it being a sin in the bible... to which i have multiple replies.   1) homosexuality is not mentioned in the bible:  the blog i read stated that it's not mentioned in the bible because the term itself is a 19th century creation.  true, the term was coined in 1892 and first used in regular lexicon in 1912.  but since the term was not in the bible, that doesn't mean that the bible didn't discuss the actions of homosexuality without specifically mentioning the term "homosexuality" 2) the bible and jesus never mention that homosexual acts are sins:  right, jesus never mentioned it.  but look in Leviticus 18:22, "Thou shalt not lie with mankind, as with womankind: it is abomination."  take whatever you want from that, but i think we all know what it means.   3) there's no mention of homosexuality in the ten commandments: true, but there's no mention of freedom of speech, religion, and other rights in the constitution.  we needed to add an addendum to cover those.  similarly with the bible, the ten commandments provide the basic rules.  it doesn't mean there aren't additional rules to follow. 4) there's other rules in the bible we don't follow:  again, very true.  we don't follow a lot of the rules in the bible, because we don't see how some of these rules apply to us or we simply don't care.  and here's where the real discussion can begin.  if you look at the other rules in leviticus, they involve not "lying" with your relatives, step-relatives, in-laws, and animals.  and i think it's hard to find many a person who feels the bible erred with these rules.  the bible also mentions various sacrifice laws and food restrictions, but we choose not to follow these rules.  so why the hubbub with the homosexuality rule?  being a straight male, i don't understand homosexuality.  yes, i understand the concept of homosexuality, but i can't imagine being involved in it.  this makes sense since i'm not gay...  just like how a gay man can't understand being straight.  afterall, homosexuality is genetic (in most cases... i won't go into the sexual-trauma-induced homosexuals as heard on loveline).  their brains are setup differently than my brain is... just like how female brains are setup differently from male brains.  so scientifically i understand that they have no choice... but it doesn't abate the deep-dwelling sense i have about homosexuality.  and it's not like the bible talks about genetics... trying to explain genetics to people more than 2000 years ago would be unimaginably difficult.  these people would probably shit themselves after they saw a cigarette lighter work, so explaining to them the genetic basis of homosexuality would be pointless.  hell, trying to explain this genetic basis to people even 50 years ago would be pointless.  so the homosexuality rule has stuck around because for most of humanity, homosexuality was thought of as a choice just as having sex with a sheep is a choice (although it would be incredibly funny to find that gene).  and here's where i talk about the whole gay-marriage thing.  i believe that a marriage should be defined as a man and a woman.  i also believe that it should be a lifetime commitment between two people who truly love each other and that divorce should only be used in extreme cases.  however, this is what i believe.... it's not how i think it should play out in the real world because not everyone is as levelheaded as i would like them to be.  and i feel we shouldn't have so many laws that restrict the rights of individuals. so i support a woman's right to end her pregnancy if she pleases (though no third trimester abortions... that's just messed up), i support a couple's rights to get a divorce, and i support a gay's couple right to get married.  i may not like the idea of gay marriage, but who am i to tell someone how to live their life (outside of my future children and patients).  so i'll tolerate gay marriage, but it doesn't mean i'll approve of it... besides, it's not like straight people are doing any wonders with marriage nowadays...   send those angry emails to blowme@firstamendment.com