The Vicious Circle  It's been raining all day.  The light in my apartment is the color of a bruise and that's the color I feel today, too.  There's a narcotic fog seeping into my head caused, not by something externally ingested, but by the toxic fumes of despair and anger.  I move around my apartment and pick up objects I know are mine, put on clothes I know belong to me, but  nothing  feels right.  And yet, I have to leave the house and pretend everything's fine (if for no one else, well then, for me).  There's just enough rain to need an umbrella and to cause confusion, the pedestrian pedestrians navigating umbrellas with no thought of the humanity below it.  I'm just as bad.  I usually walk quickly, my natural pace is fast and my legs are long, but I don't have the energy to pour it on today, and so the peripheral blur comes into slightly more focus.  I turn onto 44th Street and up ahead is the   Algonquin .  As always, I imagine myself back in time.  But instead of the 1920s, where my mind usually takes me on this street, I go back to 1983.  Before I moved to New York City, among my many oddities was a passion for the   Algonquin Round Table .  I don't remember how I found them, but more and more I wanted to lunch with them.    Dorothy Parker ,   George S. Kauffman ,   Alexander Woollcott , H   arold Ross,   Edna Ferber ,   Noel Coward , et. al.  I was a smart kid with a quick mind and a sharp tongue and I learned a lot from reading these heroes of mine.  I loved the word games ("Dorothy, use the word 'horticulture' in a sentence"), the comraderie, the insults ("Why Edna, in that suit you look almost like a man." "Why Noel, in that suit, so do you.").  I learned I had the talent to lacerate with my tongue and even have my victim chuckle along until he discovered he was bleeding.  I imagined moving to New York and finding a coterie of intelligent, talented friends who supported each other, complemented each other, fought and famously made up with each other.  It would make us all better and smarter and funnier and more successful and, finally, accepted.  It didn't happen exactly that way.  But imagine me in 1983, walking alone in a City where I had never been before and knew no one, with less than $200 to my name, optimistic but a little anxious, wondering if this move was right, then turning a corner and seeing the Hotel Algonquin.  I'd found a physical portal where met my fantasy, my hero worship and my new reality.  Of course, I was 20 years old and shabbily dressed, clearly I didn't belong in the lobby of the Algonquin, but with the chutzpah that a 20-year-old, freshly-minted New Yorker can muster, I pushed through the revolving door.  The lobby had changed very little from the time of   Hecht  and   MacArthur  and   Neysa McMein  and I knew it all in my mind's eye before I'd stepped foot in.  A long front desk, the tiny Blue Bar, the newsstand, the two dining rooms (the Oak Room and the Rose Room), all of it with heavy, Edwardian wainscotting.  Around the lobby are arranged comfortable leather and fabric chairs in warm, dark tones with small tables, each with a bell.  One can sit, discreetly touch the bell, and order a cocktail or tea, and read, or watch the crowd.  At least one celebrity interview or major business deal is done in these chairs every day.  I couldn't afford to sit.  If I sat, dressed as I was, and didn't order, I knew I'd be sussed out as not belonging, and I needed to stay and breathe that air a little longer.  Then I saw the phone booth.  I honestly couldn't say if that phone booth had been there from the beginning, but it sure looked like it.  Oak paneled, with an elegant bench and small table next to the payphone, with a beveled-glass door that closed (when's the last time you sat down in a phone booth and closed the door?).  Frankly, I couldn't afford a phone call either...I'd need that change later, for my generic iced tea and generic pasta with generic sauce that I'd be making on my hot plate in my residence hotel (bathroom down the hall).  But I could sit, gather my thoughts, and take in the place that epitomized my New York.  I preteneded to make a couple of calls, but mostly what I did was scan the room from my secret vantange point.   The New Yorker  became a real magazine here.  In this lobby, the germ for plays were discussed and begun, plays which shaped 20th Century American humor.  The wisecrack was more or less born here.  I didn't fall through a time portal and wake up in 1923, ready to have a drink with   Benchley  before luncheon, but while I sat there, something did happen: I breathed; the anxiety dissipated.  In a little while, I felt calm and ready to step back outside and battle the Big Apple.  I returned to the Algonquin a lot that first year.  I still couldn't afford lunch, or even tea, but I'd make my calls and loiter a bit at the newsstand, always leaving with a refreshed outlook.  Eighteen years later, and I'm walking the same streets, though much has changed.  These days I don't worry so much about how I look walking into someplace; I wear my New Yorkness like a finely-tailored Armani suit and I manage to exude something resembling confidence and strength even when (especially when) that's not what's roiling in my gut.  I'm still broke, but I can afford a smart cocktail.  And while I make mental inventories of the treasures I can sell to get myself out of my current mess, it would never occur to me that I sell a single book or letter from my treasured collection of Round Table first editions, signed limited editions, letters, documents.  They still hold more than magic for me, they represent what I still might achieve.  I'm running late.  The rain is making me later.  I've got to go pay just enough of my Con Ed bill to keep my electricity from being turned off then hurry to a temp job I hate.  I speed past the Algonquin, past the   Royalton  (Benchley: "I must speak with that inconsiderate manager of the Royalton.  He keeps closing the 43rd Street doors during luncheon and I can't cut through their lobby to get to the Algonquin.") and I turn on my heels and head back to the Algonq.  Through those same doors.  The phone booth's been gone for years and the Blue Bar has moved to a reclaimed section of the Oak Room.  But the ghosts of my heroes still knock back the gin and sling out the barbs.  A breath; two.  Some things haven't changed:  I don't feel any less bruised, but I can make it here another day.