Out of the Wood  So there I was on Halloween night, bartending at   Lafitte's in Exile , watching the costumed parade of freaks stumble down Bourbon Street.  (Now that I think of it, years ago, I started my first waiting job in a Greenwich Village on the night of the Halloween parade...I hate/love freaky coincidences.)  It was a long, frustrating night, after which I found myself without a single dime, because I was still considered a trainee (they even made me wear a badge that read: "Trainee, Be Nice To Me").  I mean, what kind of management throws a trainee behind the bar on one of the busiest nights of the year?  Ladies and Gentlemen, Honored Guests, I present you with the villains of our piece:    Wood Enterprises .  Started by former male prostitute, Tom Wood (although some people mysteriously know him as "Noah"), Wood Enterprises owns three gay bars and two greasy spoon diners in the French Quarter.  They're also well-known throughout the Quarter as the most hateful collection of bitter queens ever to run a business.  Almost anyone you meet in Gay New Orleans has been through the Wood Enterprises mill.  It's almost a badge of honor to have survived working for them, and listening to people talk about their lengths of service sound like rodeo cowboys bragging about their times clinging to a raging, bucking bull.  Anyway, they're a mean and petty organization, and I rode that bull for almost three months.  After about a month at Lafitte's -- enduring the sexual harrassment of   Kenneth , the manager (and former Thibodeaux, Louisiana meter maid), infuriating schedules (although, as I learned, people  do  come in to drink at 7am), and constant encouragement to treat bar patrons as though they were coming through the gates of Disneyland, rather than a dark place where they're coming to get drunk and, possibly, laid -- I was offered the opportunity to work at another of the Wood bars,   Rawhide 2010 .  It seemed like a good idea, at the time.  Everyone I talked to about it thought I was a natural choice to work there.  The manager, an oafish bear named   Barth , seemed excited to have me there, and the uber-fey upper managers would rather sit and sip their cocktails in the other, more genteel (and age-appropriate) bars.  So I grew in my biker-esque facial hair and leather jeans and started behind the bar at "New Orleans' Premier Levi/Leather Cruise Bar."  But, ummm,  oops ...it's not a  Leather  bar, it's a Wood bar.  I soon learned that, in an effort to get Barth to quit (so they wouldn't have to pay him unemployment...yes, folks, they're  that  cheap), they'd reduced his salary by a rumored 25%, and so he'd given himself two of the best shifts behind the bar.  I'd have to work between   Randy , a terrific, much-beloved bartender who's been at Rawhide for years, and Barth, the Dancing Bear who would practically grab people out of my section and take their drink orders.  Frustrating, no?  And having your manager behind the bar, competing for sales and tips, seems somehow wrong.  I was told my sales were too low.  So when customers requested that I take off my shirt, I did.  And as soon as Barth realized why people had stopped coming to him for drinks and instead were taking the awkward, blocked route to my section, I was told that working without my shirt was against company policy...I  must  wear a shirt with the Rawhide logo (Barth lied about this coming from him and tried to pin it on upper management).  Well, I got one of the tight, black tank tops and worked in that...and my schedule was cut back from five days to three ("low sales" on my register being the official reason for the cut back).  Barth lied about having made up the schedule, or even knowing anything about it.  Finally, this past weekend, the national tour of "South Pacific" was in town.  I have a number of friends on this tour and told them all to come in and see me.  Saturday night the place was hopping with people who were only buying drinks from me.  I had a ball.  Got to talk about shows and New York, got to see familiar faces, I was busy, I was laughing, and I got perspective on the whole stupid situation.  My friends would look at Barth -- clapping and dancing for attention, banging his foot against the back wall to attract customers, shouting out for drink orders to customers who were just passing by on their way to the bathroom -- and look at me with that "what the hell's wrong with him?" look.  Sometimes when you're stuck in a freaky situation for too long it starts to resemble the real world and it takes a visitor from the real world to reframe everything.  Saturday night was the most fun I had working at Rawhide.  And I outrang Barth.  Sunday night when I got into work, there was a memo on all of our lockers, the gist of which was only Rawhide t-shirts with sleeves and black denim jeans would be allowed behind the bar and anyone wearing anything else would be considered out of uniform and sent home with a written warning.  I, of course, am the only bartender at Rawhide who occasionally wore black leather jeans (which were much-admired by Barth in the beginning).  And I will also immodestly state that I am the only bartender at Rawhide who could fit into a tank top, much less look good in one.  So that, plus the news that my schedule had been cut back to two days, convinced me that it was time to leave.  Sunday night at Rawhide 2010 is "Scary-oke Night."  Yeah, they set up a karaoke machine in the middle of a leather cruise bar and big, fat leather bears sing Britney Spears.  I. Kid. You. Not.  Not only is it a night that made my ears bleed, but (and I can't believe a money-hungry management like Wood Enterprises hasn't noticed this) all drink sales slow waaaaaay down the minute karaoke starts.  Not so good for tips.  Barth always, vainly, sings the first song.  Tonight it was to be Cherry Poppin' Daddies' "Zoot Suit Riot" for some unfathomable reason.  Just before he was about to start, I went upstairs, gathered my things, wrote on my cash sheet in big block letters "I QUIT," went downstairs, approached Barth and said loudly something like "You lying, spineless manatee, I fucking quit," threw my register key on top of his enormous gut and turned around and walked out.  I remember him looking quite startled and then he had to jump right into his song.  Now I'm a free agent, looking for a new bartending gig quickly 'cause I'm broke.  But I feel lighter and happier than I have since I got into that whole Wood Enterprises mess.  Yeah, yeah,   you  warned me...  As I said, though, it's a badge of honor and the night I quit bartenders all over the Quarter bought me celebratory drinks.  I've been through the worst of it, work-wise, and I don't think I'll have a problem getting a new gig.  And, frankly, I'm glad I got the Wood Experience.  Got some cash, lots of stories, lots of lessons...  ...and, oh yeah:  I got a boyfriend out of it.