A Fair Is A Veritable Smorgasbord (Orgasbord)!  Today was the first day of the Ninth Avenue Food Festival, the closest thing Manhattan has to a county fair.  All up and down Ninth Avenue, from 57th Street to about 38th Street, are kiosks and tables and makeshift counters serving all sorts of food, drink, magnets, scissors, tshirts, sarongs, toys, veg-o-matics, bonsai, sheets and on and on.  It's a wonderland!  Even though I generally allow myself only one Fat Bitch Day a week (the day when I can eat anything regardless of it's caloric ability to make me a less salable product), the Food Festival demands that I extend it to two glorious, salt-bloated, funnelcake-stuffed, Pepcid-filled days.  Today's tally: meat-filled Bruno's ravioli, a corndog, caramel turtle cheesecake, fried calamari (  you know  it's squidlicious!), and a mini key lime pie, washed down with fresh squeezed lemonade.  Rex's tally:  half a cheese-filled ravioli from the ground in front of Bruno's, some grilled onions from the front of the corndog stand, a fried scallop from the front of the calamari stand, and some ice from my lemonade.  Tomorrow?  I've got my eye on a bloomin' onion and there's some sour cream apple walnut pie with my name on it...  The other fun thing about the Food Fest is, like a county fair, I run into a lot of people I know, most of whom I haven't seen since last year's grazing down Ninth Avenue.  Some I've   never seen before  (no, I didn't say hi...).  I got flirted with today more than I have in the last month and it was a nice ego booster.  What's better than the smell of roasting corn and pork and someone's hands on your chest telling his equally cute friend, "I have such a crush on this man."  Oh yeah, they serve alcohol at this thing, too.  I got some decent proposals (an invitation to a birthday party tonight) and some indecent ones ("my boyfriend's working until seven...want to come up for some, umm, lemonade?").  Saw a lot of people between shows and between jobs and between boyfriends.  It was swell.  Really, the only bad thing is that Rex has a little fear of smoke.  It's kind of a primal thing, I guess, since I've had him since he was three months old and never chased him with fire.  I tried to get used to it today, and he did okay.  The bits of dropped gyro didn't hurt.  My little angel had a pretty good time, though, and I think he's finally getting the idea that daddy doesn't need a chick magnet...the freeze-dried liver flows when the puppy pulls in the boys.  I wanted to buy him a dolphin balloon to tie to his collar, but I thought it was a little too "Courtship of Eddie's Father."  Also, he's a dog.  He and I just got up from a nap.  I've never had a dog that loved to spoon so much.  It was delicious.  I think I'm gonna pop down to that birthday party and wreak a little havoc.  But not too late...my fuzzy little boyfriend and I have a date in front of the air conditioner tonight...