Sure, But Can He Catch?    This letter  fascinates me.  Does anybody else smell   Brady Anderson ?  I'm torn on this one.  I know he's an athlete, with a great deal of societal and professional pressures.  I realize that he's faced with the prospect of being denied the pleasure of doing that which he loves and at which he excels (not to mention the loss of a lot of money) and that's real-world scary.  But it's the 21st Century, we're supposed to be "  post-gay " aren't we?  And he's certainly not the first athlete to come out.  Yeah, it's a testosterone driven world...so's   Chelsea .  Will he get fired?  Doubt it.  Will he lose fans?  Doubt it.  Will he get shot by some bubba who has questions about his own sexuality.  Okay, there you've got me.  I haven't been in the closet since 1978 (and over 1 billion served since), so I can't even imagine how hard it must be.  But it can't be harder than being a skinny kid in Tampa, Florida where every truck in the high school parking lot had a gun rack and where "faggot" was a morning greeting, can it?  I guess I do have a problem with people in an intense public spotlight, with nothing to lose, who won't come out.  Really,   Rosie ...you can devote so much of your time to helping kids, make such a fuss about how you wanted to fit in as a kid, and not want to help the baby dykes in the midwest contemplating suicide?  For crissakes, you discuss your infections and bowel movements on the air, but not who you love?  There's a disconnect there, somewhere.  By trying not to make it an issue, it becomes an even bigger issue.  I've always known I was gay.  Didn't always have a word for it, but don't you worry, the other kids handed me that vocabulary right quick.  I grew up in the South (first person who tries to tell me Tampa, Florida in the '60s and '70s wasn't the South gets an ass full of grits-flavored boot, size 11) and, if there's one thing those ol' rednecks (fathers included) couldn't stand is a sensitive, well-read, pale, non-sports playing, Broadway musical lover with a geographically-untraceable accent.  Let me tell ya, you never really get over hearing your father declare to a room of people that his son is "sissified."  I was what I was.  I wasn't particularly brave about it, and I sure as hell wasn't comfortable with it.  Mostly because I was the only one in the world.  I dated a boy in high school that, in retrospect, was probably the love of my life.  I lost him because while I knew what I was, we were the only two in the world and it was just too hard (sorry Mac, hope it's better on the other side).  There was nobody to help me to make it okay to be the thing I was.  What would have made it okay?  Maybe someone famous, someone irrefutably successful, someone strong that the world acknowledged was strong, to say "Hey, I'm one, too."  I'd still probably have had the name-calling, and the threats, and the discomfort.  But I wouldn't have been the only one anymore.  Gee, I guess I'm not so torn on this after all.  C'mon out, Baseball Hero...somebody needs you...