Bipolar Expedition  Do you ever feel like maybe you're the most beautiful person in the world, only no one's told you?  I do, sometimes.  Until someone tells me I am, and then that person becomes suspect because, of course, I'm ugly and fat.  I can see that in the mirror.  Do you ever feel so talented at whatever it is you do that you have to giggle at the cleverness of you?  Well, I do.  And then it occurs to me that, if that were really so, wouldn't someone or something have come along already and elevated me to a status befitting such grand talent?  How 'bout feeling smart as hell, pleased with making sense of the world and negotiating it's treacheries, proud to command such a personal perspective and the ability to express it so fully?  Happens to me every day.  Then I read someone else's random scribblings, or comment thoughtfully on someone's blog, and I realize,  who the hell am I ?  A once-smart kid who grew up with increasingly less stimulation, who bungled his higher education, and now wants to retain that smart kid status...I'm fooling no one but myself.  The worst part is, all of those thoughts/feelings exist inside of me at the same time.  They take up the same space in my head and heart.  Not equal space, mind you, the  exact same space .  What is illuminated is also, at the same time, dark and shadowy.  What is absolute is absolutely uncertain.  They live on top of each other inside me, like a multi-tiered game of chess played on one level.  Clearly, I'm not stable.  Sometimes --  a lot of times  -- this causes me to become paralyzed with objectivity.  I won't argue my case because, frankly, I agree with the other person just as strongly.  I'm willing to believe the absolute worst about myself even though I also  don't  believe it.  You like me?  Wow, that's cool that you see what's unique in me (finally!)...but I can't let you in 'cause I'm a terrible person.  And it's not a case of the "God-Why-Don't-You-Love-Me-Oh-You-Do-I'll-See-You-Later Blues," I think it's more complicated than that.  Multiple personalities?  Nah, that would actually make me interesting.  I think it has to be some sort of fear.  Isn't it always?  But what am I afraid of?  That my life's not gonna be what I want it to be?  Umm... ring, ring ...it's the Cluephone...  Is it some personal preemptive strike against fate?  Could be.  I know I haven't always felt this way.  I guess it crept in through the cracks of run-of-the-mill disappoints that became somehow exaggerated.  Should I have expected less?  Should I now?  Both of those voices, both internal opinions, have equal weight right now, but only one gets any real exercise.  If I were counselling a friend, I'd tell him to act as if the good stuff were true; to go through those physical motions even if they felt false, until it started to feel true.  I tell myself that, and it sounds like Louise Hay Lite ( All the Personal Growth and None of the Pain...now in new Wild Berry flavor! ).  I don't know how or where to start and I've lost the ability to act on the positive feelings about myself that really do exist...and quite strongly.    Even if I did, somebody'd find me out.