A Cry For Help  Dear Oprah:  Please fix my life.  I watch you all the time and you have these incredible   Lifestyle Makeovers .  People have "Lightbulb Moments."  They lose weight and get new clothes and have terrific relationships.  I'm all for it, really...fix my life?  Now, I know you generally only help overweight, middle-aged women from the square states, but I'm a 38-year-old, queer, out-of-work actor who could stand to lose a good 10 lbs...in Gay Manhattan, it's the same thing.  All the other boys have   careers ,  and   shares on the Island , and   Investment Banker boyfriends , and I don't even own a pair of   Fluevogs .  I've really tried to change my life by myself, but it's hard.  I tried to follow those   Nine Steps to Financial Freedom , but there's not a step for "my rent's already two months behind" and it keeps screwing me over.  Maybe the   Angel Network  could send me enough loose change to catch up and then I could start back with Principle #1.  I've also listened very hard to the things that   Dr. "Tell It Like It Is" Phil  has said, but even with my Southern upbringing, I don't understand his advice.   Just because there's hickory nuts on the porch don't mean there's a nutcracker in the parlor.   C'mon, you don't get him either, do ya?  Well,  maybe  it's just me...all the housewives in your audience seem to nod and understand him, so I guess I'm just being obtuse.  It's probably just advice for  straight  people.  By the way, Oprah, your hair looks  great ...who does it?    I keep wanting to "  Remember My Spirit " but they stopped letting me at my temp job.  Something about the scented candles being inappropriate.  And lemme tell ya, DO NOT try to remember your spirit before or after an audition...that's a ribbing I don't need again anytime soon.     I finally abandoned my Gratitude Journal when I realized that I what I was increasingly grateful for was my prescription of Valium.  And about the   Kindness Chain , Oprah?  How often are people supposed to come back for seconds on it without returning any kindness?  This might just be something that works best outside of New York City limits.  Life is hard, Oprah.   I try to say my affirmations and give my spare change to the less fortunate and wear vibrant colors that people don't expect of me, but it doesn't seem to be enough.  I'm sure there's more to it than just New Agey catchphrases and herbal baths, but I'm not getting it on my own.  So here's what I'm proposing:  I know you like us Faerie Folk (did I mention how  fab  your hair looked today?).  It's an untapped market for you, really.  I think I speak for a lot of gay men who need to lose 10 lbs, find boyfriends, fulfilling careers, and kicky Fluevogs when I tell you it would be a whole lot easier for you to speak directly to us than to have us continue to imagine ourselves in the places of those unhappily married, overweight Midwest ladies (who make up the majority of your target audience now) and translate it back to our real lives.  So, what about this:  you fix my life on national tv and I'll deliver a giant market of adoring, disposable-income spending, spirit-remembering queerboys to carry you into your declining years.  Think about what we've done for Garland and Streisand, and they  never  helped us fix our lives.  So I'm ready, Oprah.  I'm available to fly out to Chicago almost anytime (but Tuesdays would be better, 'cause that's the night I'm not temping).  Fix me!  Your Pal, E.B.