Mommie Vaguest  Mother's Day, huh?  Sorry -- don't get it.  Of course, that might be 'cause I haven't spoken to my mine in a few years.  Mother, that is.  It's not really a big deal, I just finally got up-to-speed on our relationship.  Turns out it's like one of those "  Magic Eye " pictures.  I stared at it and stared at it for years, thinking I knew what it was, other people told me what  they  thought it was, but I  still  didn't see it, then one day it came into focus, I saw exactly what it is and now I can't  not  see it.  She had me when she was 40.  At the time she had a philandering, probably alcoholic husband and nearly-invalid mother to take care of as well.  But, as I so helpfully and appropriately announced at Christmas Eve dinner once, if I'm such a goddamned burden, why didn't she just have an abortion?  It's a good question.  But if she had,  you'd probably be having to play Mah Johngg at   Iwin  instead of reading this fascinating blog.  At any rate, I think she probably felt incredibly put-upon, with very few options.  I feel for her, but I feel more for the baby, who had fewer options.  She had been a party girl (see I come by it honestly) who's life went horribly traditional at some point.  Sorry, lady.  What's even more fucked up, and I'll have to really look into this sometime, is why  I  chose  her .  The point is, I arrived, they divorced, her mother died, and there we were, just the two of us.  Shoulda brought us closer together, huh?  Let's look and see:  She worked as a secretary, 8 to 5 every day, so as soon as she could go back to work, I went to a sitter all day.  Once I was old enough for pre-school (3 years old), I was there all day with day care until she could pick me up after work.  Then I became a latch key child, coming home to an empty house every day after school until she came home.  And after 5:30 or 6pm when she was home?  Well, we never ate a meal together at the dinner table...ever.  For a long time, most of our meals were delivered by a service she paid for, so she didn't have to cook when she got home.  Fair enough, but I was eating someone else's food at a table for one in front of the television at 8 years old.  No "how was your day" or "what did you learn."  No "who are your friends" or "do you have any homework."  For that matter, no "want me to read you a story?" or "should I lay down with you until you're not afraid anymore?" or "give me a hug."  Especially the last one.  A story I really enjoy telling therapists, is the one where I come into the kitchen (I had to be small because I remember my head not coming quite up to the counter top), running up to my mother who's washing dishes and give her a big hug from behind, to which she says, without even looking down, "not now, honey, it's too hot for that."  Well, it  was  Florida.  Thank Goddess for the Theatre.  And for other people's perceptive mothers.  Oh sure, she did drive me to rehearsals, but that meant also guaranteed I'd be out for awhile.  Other people's mothers noticed me, liked me, acknowledged my intelligence and creativity.  Got me IQ tests.  Got me into Gifted Child Ed. programs.  Had me over for the weekend.  I remember once Mrs. Orlosky, the mother of a couple of friends from theatre --kids, by the way, that I hadn't seen for a couple of years at the time of this incident-- stopped by my house out of the blue with an entire collection of J.D. Salinger paperbacks, just because she thought I needed to read them.  Thanks Mrs. Orlosky, Happy Mothers' Day to you.  I'm not saying my mother's an ogre.  She's probably a really nice person.  She just has no interest in me.  Barely came to see me in shows.  Never told me I was good in 'em or not.  Actually, never mentioned me at all.  I didn't even realized I was missing that, until one summer in stock, years later, I learned my friend David's mother had a sort of shrine to him in her house:  articles, pictures, reviews...the whole thing.  I commented at dinner that night about this goofy shrine and, it turns out, it's what normal, proud parents do.  Normal parents make their kids feel great just for existing; normal parents celebrate the special things their kids do.  Oh.  Wait, I can sorta see those pixels forming...is it a sailboat?  A pony?  A few years I was hired to sing on a cd, my first major recording project, and when it was done I sent my mother a copy.  She confirmed she got it, that's the last I've heard about it.  A year or so after that, I mounted my own, farily successful cabaret show in Manhattan.  Surprisingly, she decided to come up to see it.  This was perfect:   just me singing and goofing off for an hour or so.  I made sure my friend moved her over by the door as soon as the show was over, so she'd not only overhear what other people said about me on their way out, but what they said  to  me.  I was overwhelmed.  Friends, acquaintences, strangers all loved my material, my voice, my energy.  I noticed my mother chatting to someone off to the side...about azaleas.  At dinner after she never mentioned a thing about me or the show.  During the next two days of her visit, while I learned things about her and about my own life that I'd never known (like, for instance, where she and my father met and how long they were really married), she never talked about my show, the alleged reason for her coming up.  On the last night she was in town, I finally, blatantly asked, "so what are you gonna tell everyone at home your favorite show in New York was?"  To which she replied, "The Scarlet Pimpernel?"  "Ummm...no."  "1776?"  "No, mother."  "Then what?  I didn't see anything else."  More pixels...is it a clown?  Elvis?  Even with all that information, still I pretended we had a relationship.  Even with the 8-track of her greatest hits in my head ("you'll never be any good with money," "why don't you get a real job to fall back on?" and "you never take the time to do anything right") I wasn't exactly getting it.  I know that, if you've had  that  conversation with your mother but she keeps forgetting you're gay there's something not connecting, but, no,  I couldn't be right because I never take the time to do  anything  right.  What was the breaking point?  Probably something about finances, our very last connection (she's had a rich, full life, I want my money now).  Maybe it was the fact that she didn't know the name or any of the details of the Off-Broadway show I'd been in for a year.  Whatever it was, the light bulb came on, the light shifted, or maybe nothing changed at all.  But I could see the Magic Eye in full focus.  It was a picture of my relationship with my mother.  And I was the only one in it.  Mother's Day.  I guess I've been mothered (and fathered) by a lot of people throughout the years, non-traditionally and surprisingly so, but I'm a big boy now and I'll take over whatever parenting needs to be done from here on out.    Happy Mother's Day to me.