Uneasy Rider  Usually the Big Orange Bike brings me much happiness; carries me on its Handlebars of Love to a higher plane where I find relaxation and a much-needed sense of peace.  Not yesterday.   Nooooooo .  Yesterday it was the Ride of Hatred.  I got home more tense than when I'd left.  Angry.   Really  angry.  And all due to one, stupid reason:  People.  Grrrffff!  Okay, the misanthrope's outta the bag...I hate people.  I don't wanna chat with you in the elevator about the weather.  I don't wanna discuss the items in my grocery cart.  I don't wanna know what the doctor told you about that mole and I could care less about who's in your house this season.  But it's far worse for me on the street.  People are everywhere and it seems there's just no stopping them.  Funny, it sometimes doesn't occur to me that there will be people outside, and once I'm out it's usually too late.  Besides, sometimes they're  inside , too.  Last night, they were mostly outside.  And they irk me.  Maybe it's because I'm getting old, or I've lived in New York too long.  Maybe it's because I'm a Virgo.  But I'll bet it's just because I'm right.  Here are the basics:  One goes to a bike/blading/jogging path to well, bike, blade or jog.  There's a large swath dedicated to those who want to stroll (with or without strollers), sit on benches, chat, etc.  There are two  much smaller  lanes dedicated to the bikers/bladers/joggers.  Each of those smaller paths has, not only a bike and roller blade painted on it at regular intervals (there are no joggers painted there, but we bikers/bladers are a generous people), but some directional arrows as well.  Directional arrows point in specific directions, to guide the aforementioned bikers/bladers/joggers.  This all seems easy so far, right?  But now comes the ugly part.  Into this neatly ordered system, one tosses the ugliest element:  people.  So there are people ambling along on the bike/blade/jog path, walking three abreast and against traffic, absolutely stunned when they see a bike heading straight for them.  So they do the logical thing.  Stand there and gape.  Bikers in the narrowest part of the path, decide this is the absolute best place to bike next to their friend, despite the bikers/bladers/joggers trying to squeeze by them on the other side.  Joggers who see each other coming from separate directions and stop where they are for a nice catch-up chat.  Bladers who toss their backpacks down in the middle of both paths do dance and practice jumping.  My very favorite from last night was a guy on a scooter, cell phone in one hand, dog on an extended leash in the other hand...blocking...the...ENTIRE...PATH!  My head very nearly exploded.  Now, you must think I'm a cranky old monster and I need to clear this up for you:  I am.  But, like Hannibal Lechter, while I might eat your brother without blinking, I abhor rudeness.  We live in a Big City and manners are the only things keeping us from, well bludgeoning scooter-riding, cellphone-chatting, inconsiderate dog owners.  I take great pains to make sure I co-exist with my fellow New Yorkers.  While I might fervently wish I was the only one living here, I'm very well aware I'm not and I live in public in such a way that allows me my personal freedom and space while being considerate of the personal freedom and space of others.  Is this such a foreign concept?  Am I a total freak?  Yes, I should've known better than to think I'd have a relaxing bike ride by the Hudson at sunset on a Friday evening in Manhattan.  And, yes, in the future, I'll avoid that crowd much as I do the Matinee Theatre Crowd, the Times Square Movie Opening Weekend Crowd, and Every Crowd at G.  But, really, why should I have to?  Why must I keep myself further insulated because of the sharp increase in ill-mannered citizens?  Ah well...every day a little death...