Who Are The People In  Your  Neighborhood?  Just when I'm ready to desert midtown, it starts getting   really exciting .  I ask you, how did The Post resist calling it the "Carnage Deli?"  My two biggest regrets about this?  First, that it wasn't five evil, slow-moving, dog distracting, midtown-littering tourists that were shot.  And, second, that my apartment rated much lower in drug activity than I had previously anticipated.  It's strange that these people were killed this way over pot.  I could understand if it were crystal, but if they'd only smoked a little of their own product, this probably wouldn't have happened.  I wouldn't be surprised to find out that the   Carnegie Deli  had something to do with installing a pot dealer in their building.  I mean, c'mon...built in munchies on the first floor!  But I'll tell ya, I've never seen so many cops and detectives in my life.  It's like they were giving away   doughnuts  and   bad shoes  -- it just might've blown my cop fantasy to smithereens.  I hope all the   neighborhood    bloggers  survived the bloodbath.  One theatrical footnote to this story:  neighborhood gossip has it that the apartment where the killings occurred used to be   Bob Fosse's  office (Hey   Mermaniac , d'ya think after they shot those people they said "  I gotta pee " before they ran?).  Also midtown today, just four blocks south of my apartment (and Satan's Li'l Deli),   Destiny's Child  performed on the Today Show.  This is really the first time I've talked publicly about the group since I was ousted, but I feel I can now.  I don't wanna get mired in "she said-she said" or who called who what, I just wanna wish the girls all the success in the world and state once more for the record that talent is more than looking good in a halter and some trashy   culottes  (besides, my problem is  glandular ).  They knew when I joined the group that I was first and foremost a singer and I didn't wanna get trapped in selling my body.  I think it sends a bad message and distracts from the music.  But they have a vision and so I went quietly.  To show I hold no bitterness whatsoever, this weekend I intend on taking my former bandmates to dinner.  Gee, I hope they like deli food...