Spatial Olympics  Another court date, another reprieve...for a month, at least.  But different this time.  Last time I had to go to court, I was all "snatched up" as my drag queen friends used to say, serving total   Alexis Carrington  Judicial Realness.  This time I threw some goo in my hair, pulled on an Old Navy polo shirt ($6.95) and a pair of reasonably serious-looking gray slacks (Structure, probably $19.99).  Last time I was an hour early, this time I got there at 9:20am for a 9:30am start.  Didn't know if the Landlord's attorney was there, didn't so much care.  Why?  Where was the panic?  There was none, and I now realize why:  I'm ready to let this apartment go.  Anyone out there want The Deal of the Century in Luxurious   Midtown Manhattan  then hurry yer ass on over, 'cause it's goin' fast.    It's a great apartment.  Most of my friends' apartments would fit into it with room to spare.  I have a foyer; I have a dishwasher; I have doormen.  I'm also its Bitch.  Oh yeah!  Everyday it sends me out to whore myself at The Evil Empire (or worse) to bring it back some cash, which it blows right through then asks for more.  When the Cathoholic and I moved into the apartment 11 years ago, we paid $1,000 a month and we split it.  Now, all by myself after six years and several rent increases, I calculate I've spent a total of (those of you living in other parts of the country might want to sit down for this) approximately $95,000.  I could've bought a house for that.  Or a car.  Or a really,  really  hot   hooker .  You know what I'm gonna buy instead?   A clue, ladies and gentlemen.  Why did I move to New York?  For a really great apartment?  Don't think so.  I came here to continue my dream of being a working actor; to be a working artist among other working artists.  So what's my payoff for staying stuck in this place, literally and figuratively?  I've thought about that and I've had some really great answers, too ("it's my home," and "what I pay for the space I have?  I'd be crazy to move"), but here's the ugly truth:  It's my excuse for failure that I think I am.   Can't take time off work to audition, 'cause I have to work to make rent.  Shouldn't even audition for that show, 'cause it wouldn't even cover my rent.  I sorry I can't do the workshop of your new play, I have to work at night to pay my rent.   I've said all of those and more.  And let me tell ya, I'm plenty talented.  I own that.  But when you don't get cast in things day after month after year, it wears you down a little; I feel like I own that, too.  When kids you worked with in summer stock are getting sitcoms and ex-boyfriends are getting Tonys, and you can't even get a lousy national tour 'cause you don't fit the pre-existing costume...well, it sure does help to have that 1,100 square foot, plaster and concrete excuse.   I'm happy about their careers, but I've gotta pay the rent.   Now, I'm not a stupid boy, but what have I been thinking?  Have I really let an apartment fuck me up this much?  The double-hung closet was staring me in the face all the time and I didn't get it.  When I finally kicked the Cathoholic out, I'm sure I needed to stay there to sort myself out.  But it's not really my home.  It's an apartment where I've lived a long time.  Sort of lived.  More like  hidden .  It's just a space.  I'm a good Southern boy and all, but...fuck   Tara ...I'm movin' in with   Belle Watling .  Time to move on psychically, emotionally, and physically.  The other night walking through the East Village, there was something exciting in the air.  Part of it was definitely my   date .  But there was just energy there.  Good, creative energy.   That's  why I moved to New York.  I need to re-connect with  that .  So I'll sublet.  I'll pare down.  I'll get a roommate.  Whatever.  But I'll free m'self up and get back to bidness, baby.  I was reading an   amazing post   by my new Bloguru, The Miss Cleo of Blogdom, FlipCity.  It felt like heat coming off of my screen (and not 'cause I'm a big Xanadu freak...well, not  just  'cause).   Inspiration .  And also perspective.  I've been  Suspended in Time,  Flip.  I could still be looking at all of this as a mess, but it's turning out to be my real path.   I've got to believe we are magic, nothing can stand in our way...   I need to refill my artistic and spiritual well.  It seems that I've reached that place where I have nothing to lose, so I have nothing to fear...and it's exhilirating.  From now on my life is gonna be about supporting that forward motion; supporting the creativity.  The rest is just empty space.   Now...  about Flip's reading of my date with the abso-fuckin'-lutely adorable RJ:  Item 1:   The hamburgers were actually grilled chicken burgers with bacon, on hamburger bun-like ciabbattina rolls  Item 2:   It was "going as well as those things could possibly go."  Better, actually.  High comfort level.  At least for me.  Item 3:   Awkward?  Yeah, we danced around it, but I think the hesitation was as much about enjoying each other dressed as gettin' it on...  Item 4:   "Looks like they laughed a lot"  Is there anything better?  Item 5:   "Very high snot factor."  It was me, okay?  OKAY?  My sinuses had started filling up earlier and Dr. RJ gave me some tablets which helped, but not in the long run.  I actually got worse and worse and don't even remember walking the dog when I got home.  I'm better now.  Just a light stuffiness and sore throat, but I don't want any special treatment...  Item 6:   We  played  the soundtrack (I loves me some Shirley Bassey), but I left without it.  My doing or his?  Item 7:   Didn't get no panties, neither.  But in all fairness, I believe RJ was wearing borrowed drawers (sorry honey, but that's what you told me).  Item 8:  Sequel ?  You betcha.  Just as soon as we can be sure that snot isn't one of the body fluids being slung around.  A Note to the Curious: RJ's real name is...yeah, right.  I'll tell ya this much:  the man's smart and hilarious; an attentive and generous listener; has groovy energy; knows everybody in the East Village; has not exaggerated about how fantastic his particular ass is; and a helluva kisser.  If you wanna know anything else, yer gonna have to win a contest yerself, hippy!