Celibate! Celibate! (Don't) Dance To The Music  This celibacy thing is... interesting .  On my way home from taking the Dog to the Park (where he positively frollicked...jeez, I  love  that Dog), I decided to make Saturday night Fat Bitch Night.  That's right, substituting sex and drugs with food...what am I gonna do instead, smoke?  So we stopped and got two, count 'em, two pints of Ben & Jerry's (Monkey Wrench and Everything But The, since you asked), got home and ordered the entire Domino's menu (well, okay, maybe only two medium pizzas, Cheesy Bread(TM), and CinniStix(TM)).  While I was waiting I finished the fried wonton from Friday night.  But at least I didn't end up online/at a bar/at the West Side Club, right?  Watched bad tv, until I found "The Spanish Prisoner" on Bravo which was fascinating all over again.  Of course, I forgot that I shouldn't watch television or movies that might even  remotely  feature someone I've worked with whose career I perceive to be better than mine because they're in the thing I'm watching.  It really made me think about moving again.  If I moved to Chicago for awhile, got back to basics, did some edgy theatre, then moved back and resubmerged myself, would I be perceived differently?  Could I get some perspective on what I'm selling?  Or would I just be running away?  God knows I'm a long way from playing that cop on my former brother-in-law's tv show...but...what does that leave me with?  I mostly slept today, except for an awkward and ill-advised reunion in the Park with the Math Genius (who was disturbingly bloated, but  still  adorable...and,  yes , Allen, still straight).  I thought I would finish the pizza and ice cream and watch Julie Andrews and Christopher Plummer be old and doddering, but instead felt guilty about not spending time with JJ and so went to the movies with him after the show.  Bridget Jones' Diary (of course fat girls love it, she ends up with a man -- trust me it ain't real).  Just before the movie and for an hour after, JJ decided to start on my life again.  I made the mistake of telling him I wish I could just hit the reset button on my life, that I just didn't know what I was getting out of bed for anymore.  He really thinks I've given up unnecessarily...  He's convinced that making one change, like moving to a new apartment, would change every other aspect of my life.  I remain unconvinced and actually got (briefly) very, very angry with him.  I can't remember the last time I raised my voice on Eighth Avenue.  I know he cares, and I know he doesn't want me to go away, but I don't think he gets just how  exhausted  I am from the constant battle.  We went to the Renaissance to talk a little more, and I think we both calmed down, but we changed the subject.  My goal for tomorrow?  Wake up before noon.  Maybe ride my orange bike.  Try not to eat anything either Ben or Jerry might've thought up.  Wouldnt it just be easier to do a bump and get laid?