I...Can't...Remember...A... Thing ...  My head is foggy, my eyes are puffy and nearly swollen shut, there's pressure in my T-zone.  I must look like hell because, when I awoke mysteriously in my own bed, Rex was standing over me with a worried expression.  What's happened to me?  I don't remember a lot about last night.  I remember meeting in front of a New York landmark and then being walked around until I became disoriented.  I think I was force fed some sort of potatoe product that may or may not have included squid.  At this point the first attempt at poisoning me took place in the guise of an herbaly mayonnaise.  I guess I should have suspected something was wrong where there was no mention whatsover of blogs.  And since I was barely allowed to speak, I think the constant flow of words acted as a hypnotic.  Some kind men on the street tried to warn me, yelling that I wasn't human, that I was becoming a haunted fucking ghost, they even showed me a former victim lying on the street next to his cane, but I didn't listen.  And that made it all the easier to finally drug me with that eclair.  I'm sure it was the eclair.  Lured up a steep and very narrow staircase, telling me that's where my free cd was, I followed unwittingly.  Of course there was no cd, it turned out to be the lid of a coffee cup.  And then the eclair was produced.  It looked delicious but the cream had a bitter, venomous aftertaste...like Cream of Tartar.  I really began to slip at this point, although I could still hear voices.  For instance, I heard him discuss with one of his accomplices the intricacies of vacuum-sealing me (and I thank goddess that this plan, at least, was abandoned).  After that I only have flashes of the horrors that were inflicted on me:  my hand forced to stroke several pussies, my head slapped with a tea bag, being forced to sit on a cheesecake.  I guess, ultimately, I'm glad I blacked out.  All I really know for sure this morning is:  these aren't my socks and I have a strong craving for smoked mullet.