Runyonland  Sometimes I feel like one of the Ghosts of Manhattan.  I drift through the Times Square of 2001 and, sure, I see Planet Hollywood and the WWF Mega-restaurant, but I also see the statues of   the stage divas of 1910  still peeking from behind that Sbarro's sign and the old subway entrance, now sealed up, that used to lead up into the   Knickerbocker Hotel .  I also see a lot things that aren't there anymore, like the Hotel Astor (where the MTV studios are) or the Old Dutch Mill, an open-air beergarden that used to sit on the roof of the   New Victory Theatre .  I know that old theatre that serves as the entrance to the AMC Empire 25 movie theatre used to be the Eltinge, built and named for   Julian Eltinge , a very popular turn-of-the-century performer who performed in mainstream dramas in drag.  I even know where there's an archway that used to lead to a boardinghouse where Valentino lived before he went to Hollywood...the archway is all that's left of it.  I could go on and on...  So it always makes me sad to see a building being torn down.  It's another chunk of Manhattan's heart that can't ever be replaced.  Who knows what went on in there; what secrets were told; what private dramas played out?  But sometimes there's also a secret revealed, usually in the form of an advertisement painted on the side of a building.  It's small consolation for the loss, but maybe it's the Spirit of the City gently reminding those of us that love here not to dispair:  there's always more, hidden maybe...but all of those other Manhattans still exist somewhere, somehow.  Running an errand today, I stepped out of a building on 42nd Street and Madison and noticed that the building on the southwest corner was gone.  Wow.  I didn't know anything interesting about that corner, but it's 42nd Street...might've been important once.  As I was pondering what details I remembered about that building (I got my first cellphone there, and once applied at a temp agency in it), my eye wandered up to the now-exposed buildings surrounding it.  And there, on the building that sits on the southeast corner of 42nd and Fifth, high up and painted in big, white letters arranged around a lone window, it said:    Rogers Peet Co.   Without hesitation (and to the consternation of my fellow pedestrians) I stopped in my tracks saying out loud "Golf!  Galoshes!  Ovaltine!!"  And I sang "  Marry the Man Today " all the way home.  That sign'll be obscured when the newest concrete box is erected, but for today, just for a second, I got to live in Runyonland...