Useless Landscape  Did you hear that thudding sound last night?  Don't be concerned, it was just me falling off the wagon...  Yup, I'm a freakin' Tower of   Jello .  I caved like a house o' cards.  But you know what?  It was really good, and not at all in the way I expected.  I mentioned in an earlier post that the SF Potential BF was coming to town.  This is a guy who's a friend of some of my best friends, we'd never met, but I kept seeing his picture in various vacation snapshots and every time I'd say "who's that?"  It was always him.  Apparently, he was having the same experience in reverse.  Then eventually we traded some saucy email, then IMs, etc.  And, while I think he's very cute and smart, (a) he lives in San Francisco and I've already done my Bicoastal Courting for this lifetime and (b) he's the Poster Boy for Reticence.  Well, he was in town this weekend, but I'd picked up lots of shifts at The Evil Empire, so I didn't think I'd get a chance to meet him.  No big deal.  As it happens, I got out of work much earlier yesterday and got sucked into dinner plans with the boys.  Okay, I was a little curious.  SFPBF completely didn't expect me and seemed really pleasantly surprised.  He's also cuter than his pictures.  So we went to dinner.  My friends are always a great audience, but apparently last night I was Shecky Freakin' Blogstalker.  From dinner we lost one friend and picked up two others, barhopped from Rawhide, to The View, to Barracuda...hadn't done this for months and it was kinda fun.  Ran into people I knew at every place we went, which for some idiotic reason impressed SFPBF.  He was being flirty, but only as long as I wasn't responding too much.  The minute I flirted back even a little seriously, he withdrew.  Then they were off to   The Roxy .  I stopped going to The Roxy, Twilo, etc. and the pharmaceutical accessories that go with those places because, frankly, it became boring.  Also, I got tired of feeling like low-grade crap for two days after and missing out on time I could've been wasting in better ways.  I had no desire to go, but I was still curious about this boy and whether he'd actually let himself go.  So I decided I'd walk them them over, since I knew Derek the doorman would wave us on through and they wouldn't have to wait in that ridiculous line.  Then they started with "just come in for a little while."  For some foolish reason ('cause I'm  definitely  not A-List) I have a Gold Card and I never have to pay to get in, so I figured, what the hell, dance with the kids a bit and then go home.  Hadn't stepped foot in there since New Year's Eve...but it's always, exactly the same.  Cuteness, Hilarity, Tragedy, Intrigue...usually all in the same boy.  But the music was good, I saw a couple more friends who had the decency not to mention I've gained some weight, so it seemed novel.  We drifted out onto the dance floor, found a good spot, and then they all started taking Circuit Communion, popping   Disco Biscuits  like   Mentos .  I was offered one and not wanting to be on a different wavelength...and also out of curiosity...I took one.  Not curiosity about what it was like, Goddess knows I know what it's like.  I actually feel that the drugs I've consumed in the past have actually expanded my world in a good way, almost in a  necessary  way.  But I also feel like they've served their purpose in my life.  So a part of me wanted to see if I was just kidding myself.  I learned two things last night:  (a) while I won't say  never , my pseudo-Circuit Boy phase is over and I'm not only okay with that, I'm relieved.  And number two?  Some hidden spring of self-worth burbled up in me last night and I realized I'm not interested in a boy I have to chase.  I know he's interested 'cause, when, after a couple of hours I decided, to everyone's dismay, that I was leaving (I used to be the last man standing), SFPBF  finally  made a decisive move in my direction and gave me The Long Kiss Goodbye, asking if I was sure I didn't want to stay.  Yup, I was sure.  Not in a bitter way, not with any resentment...very calmly sure I was ready to go.  Look, I'm 38.  I've been gay all my life and I've been out since I was 15.  I've played all sorts of games.  I'm done with 'em.  I stated my interest, left a door  and  a window open.  If you don't have the balls or the  sense  to come on in, then you're not the man for me, it's just that simple.  [I just read that last sentence...is that really  me  saying that?  Cool!]  So I sit here this afternoon almost pleased with my   hangover  headache, thinking of it more as the final achiness of some   growing pains ; the warm-soreness of stretching some self-esteem muscles that haven't been exercised in too long.   Anybody wanna buy a   John Blair Gold Card ?