The Beautiful Room Is Empty  It has occurred to me this week that every room has it's own climate regions.  Pockets of energy and feeling, some obvious and some not until disturbed by cleaning or redecorating, and especially by the act of packing up.  Should've been obvious, huh?  I didn't expect it.  Books with an inscription that make me cry, written by a guy who doesn't even remember me when I pass him on the street.  An old dog toy belonging to a now-dead cocker spaniel, the child of my first marriage.  Confetti from a hilarious New Year's Eve party that was also one hell of a romantic evening.  A champage cork from that same evening.  Shorts I bought for the White Party four years ago from the "What The Hell Was I Thinking" collection.  A shirt I borrowed one really rainy night 20-something years ago from a friend that left me too soon...the same shirt that I wore back to my mother's house that morning that caused my mother to confront me about my homosexuality.  The very first Playbill that my name appeared in.  The shoes I bought in the mall in New Jersey the day I got the call my father died.  It's like some incredibly emotional acid trip.  I don't know where it's going and I can't really stop it for very long.  But it's also moving energy around in me and in my space that has to be good.  Opening a long-sealed window and allowing the fresh air to mingle with the mustiness, but probably not to ever clear it completely.  I'm lucky, I have a big apartment.  And when the Cathaholic and I broke up, it got even bigger (and twice as expensive).  We moved in about 11 years ago, broke up six years ago...I'm still finding his stuff.  Some of it's funny, some of it's sad, some of it's infuriating.  I find other people's stuff, too.  When you have an apartment bigger than  other people's  in Manhattan, it becomes a repository for  other people's  detritus.  Two chairs brought over for Thanksgiving dinner two years ago ("I'll get them eventually.  They fold up, and besides your apartment's huge"), 6 boxes of my ex's Christmas ornaments ("You don't put up a tree, so they're taking up the space you'd use if you did.  Besides, your apartment's huge"), pans and platters from a friend's 40th birthday party three years ago ("Just hang on to them, we'll use them for the next party.  Besides, your apartment's huge"), an envelope of mail belonging to a friend of a friend who stopped by six months ago ("I'll get them when I'm back from Hawaii.  It's old stuff...besides, your apartment's huge").  Y'know what?  With everybody else's stuff, plus my own, plus the dog's things...my huge apartment's getting smaller by the minute.  I'm not Chelsea Storage, people!  My heart's the same way, but I'll die without anybody knowing it.  Maybe I won't leave.  Maybe I won't have to.  Maybe I won't want to.  No one can believe I'm capable of leaving New York, I've been here so long and I seem like such a New Yorker.  But a shift has to happen and, whether I knew it or not, the physical act of packing up is sending ripples inward, the reverse of a pebble in a pond; an object hits the bottom of the box, and I feel it in my gut.  So I'm following it, object by object, box by box, and I'm hoping for a shift in energy/emotion/direction.  I hope it's enough.