From The Desk Of...  I've been all alone today at The Evil Empire.  Not only alone, no work.  Nada.  No one's even been in my enclosure.  Actually, that's not true...the vending machine guy came in here by mistake.  So I've surfed, I've blogstalked, I've read, I've snacked (healthfully), and, scariest of all:  I've thought.  Well, since you asked:  Giving up Diet Coke --   which I love, too  -- has proven to be much harder than I thought.  But I was influenced by a semingly sensible (and damned entertaining)   blog stranger ...and so I'm trying.  Maybe I'll buy a juicer.  Sometimes, during the day, I miss my dog and my bike.  Okay, it's worse than that:  I just heard that song "Groovin'" on the radio, and I thought it could easily be about me and Rex.  Of course, in high school, I thought Barry Manilow's "Mandy" was about a boy and his dog.  Muttering "move it, fatass" just audibly enough behind slow, stupid tourists doesn't seem to speed them up.  Sometimes it confuses them enough so you can maneuver around them, though.  Somebody  Oughta  Beat   The Wiz .  The sexiest boy I blogstalked today?  Why, it's   him ...  Where was The Mummy before he Returned?  When I read   this blog , I usually end up feeling like I wanna give him a big hug, and then be his Mrs. Robinson...is that so wrong?  Somewhere along the line I've moved into Junior   Daddy  Status...and I don't think I mind...  I believe it was the sage,   Abe Burrows  who said, "Coffee is so good, I can't understand why it isn't a sin."  The thing that impressed the Math Genius most about my last year?  That I slept with one of his favorite entertainment news anchors...  What happened to anyone behind a counter  anywhere  having manners?  When a fairly successful Broadway actress, who hasn't stopped working for the past six or so years and will probably be nominated for a Tony this year is complaining about how much she hates her job, how the producers mistreat her, and how she's too good for this show, how do I gently intimate that perhaps I'm not the best audience for this rant?  Perhaps I'll stop and get a chicken product of some sort.  And then take my boyfriend, er,  dog , to the park...