Goin' Courtin'  I meant to be up early today, I swear to Goddess (does   Sturtle  have a copyright on that?).  I mean, I had to go to court and respond to my Eviction Notice (more on that later).  But Fates (and 25-year-olds) conspired against me.  Out of nowhere, Kickboxing Boy showed up.  Well, he called first.  I guess I could've said no, but I remember him being really fun.  I misremembered.  Y'know how there are peripheral people in your life that you like but don't really think much about until you run across them accidentally and through some inadvertant piece of information you find out that you're  far  more important in their life than they are in yours?  That's Kickboxing Boy.  He told me he'd never gotten flowers from someone he really liked until I sent them backstage when I saw his Off-Off-Off-Off-Might-As-Well-Have-Been-Omaha-Off-Broadway show.  I smiled a sickly smile, thinking back on how horrendous that experience was, how poorly written the play was, and how talent-free I found him to be.  Yes, Daddy had to commit Green Room Perjury.  And there was something of a payoff in having a fucking adorable 25-year-old boy hanging off of you while you stroll to Avenue A for sushi.  But the bottom line is the chemistry doesn't flow to me from his direction, although, damn it all, I wish it did.  Anyway, I could've said no.  After I'd told him he could come over and hung up, I wish I'd said no.  I immediately went to the Cupboard of Vice to scrape together a little bump of something to make me more interested in it all...but, really, the Cupboard of Vice was bare.  From two old bottles and grinder residue, I got maybe a quarter of a pathetic little bump of crystal that I promptly sneezed back out.  Just as well, I suppose.  KB arrived, there was some awkward conversation, some bland making out, and it just went downhill from there.  It's happened, I suppose:  I'm bored with sex.  Or perhaps just unconnected sex.  I can't make it up, I can't pretend I'm enjoying it, but I'm also not conveying that boredom apparently, because KB was out of his mind enjoying it.  Swell.  When it finally, mercifully ended it occurred to me that he thought he might be staying the night.  Ohhhh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  Finally, Wonder Pup (oh jeez, let's give him an alias...how 'bout Rex?), decided he needed to go out, so everyone had to get dressed and move to the door.  Well, we walked Rex (while I yawned and bitched about having to get up SO early for court), came upstairs, I yawned and bitched some more...hints were falling so fast and heavy my living room was practically a Hardhat Zone.  Finally, KB decided he might as well get home and let me get some quality sleep.  Which I didn't really.  I finally pulled Rex off my face around 10:30, made breakfast while practicing my landlord speech, and, bolstered with 2 cups of fine Five O'Clock Roast and some instant grits, I called The Landlord.  I guess he was mostly decent, but the veiled threats were annoying.   Yeah, I know how much more you could get for this apartment.  Nooo, of course you're not suggesting you want me out.   At any rate, while he agreed to take a partial payment for the moment, I still had to trek down to   Foley Square .  I hopped on the Big Orange Bike (if there was anyone actually reading this, I'd be concerned about how many times I mention the B.O.B., but as it is, fuck 'em) and zipped down, prepared to meet the face of the Ignorant and Rude Government Lackey.  And you know what?  I was delightfully surprised.  The woman who helped me was informed, pleasant, energetic and really helpful.  So I have a stay of execution, until next Thursday.  I'm still packing up.  In the meantime, I've picked up extra shifts here at The Evil Empire, actually applied at   Starbuck's  this afternoon, have priceless ephemera which needs to find a price and quick, but I'm not so interested in seeing people.  This has pissed JSquared off since he'd planned a big outing for the opening of   The Mummy Returns  tomorrow night.  I, of course, had been given the honor of finding out where and when the latest show was, determining how many people were going (mostly  not  my friends) and walking over to the theatre and purchasing the tickets (with my own money).  All this while JSquared sat in the Park watching the   Broadway Show League  play this afternoon, then go meet a pal for coffee.  Did I mention I'd been to court, applied for a part-time job at the CoffeeBorg and had to be at work by 3:30pm?  I got the show info, relayed it, and declined to further involvement (to the tune of " why ?").  Aw, hell...maybe it's just me.  Is it too late to change the name of this to WhinyBlog?