'Cause Everything Is Rent  Another month, another eviction notice...same door, though.  Does that mean I'm winning?  This one seems to be a Five Day Notice.  Five days, huh?  Five days to pack up 11 years of my life?  Or what?  The same thing that happened to   Pozlife ?  Grooooovy.  And I don't even have a   Slutboy  to help.  I feel that I've taxed my friends to their limit, so, as usual, I'm waaay on my own.  I'll just negotiate, wheedle, and argue, while I pack up, sell off, and prepare.  It's just the next chapter, right?  Maybe I'm not despondent because of the Wonder Pup and the Big Orange Bike.  The combination of the two of them have remarkably cheered me.  Even raised my energy level.  Funny, when I was eight years old, I got a puppy and (weird, now that I think of it) an orange five speed bike (that I didn't know how to ride).  Thirty years later, I got a puppy and a bike on the same day.  What exactly does that mean?  Incidentally, The Addict (from whence came the Big Orange Bike) just called.  Didn't leave a message, but he left his footprints in Caller ID.  I'm not going to get caught in that particular detox.  I tried, I was treated abysmally, I'm done.  I've given to that relationship with absolutely no return and I reached the end...sad to say, he's on  his    own , too.  [It's turned into quite the little   Irene Cara  blog, hasn't it?  What a feeling...]  JJ had a comp to   The Music Man  last night, so I used it.  I wasn't looking forward to it, haven't performed in it once and directed it once, but I enjoyed it in spite of myself.  It's a smart, dated book that went over the heads of most of the cut-off jean wearing audience (would these people dress the same way going to the theatre in their hometowns?), and some of the performances were hardly Broadway calibre (frankly,  I'd  make a more convincing 8-year old Iowa girl), but I still cried.  And I was still surprised by some amazingly smart, fresh choices (love ya, Stro!).  And that Craig Bierko?  Charming as hell.  And Mark Moreau if you read this, you make the most adorable faces when you dance.  Here's what made me cry the most, with apologies to Meredith Willson:   All I want is a plain man, All I want is a modest man A quiet man, a gentle man, a straightforward and honest man To live with me, in a cottage  Somewhere in the State of Iowa And I would like him to be More interested in me Than he is in himself And more interested in us Than in me.  And if occasion'lly he'd ponder What makes Shakespeare and Beethoven great Him I could love 'til I die Him I could love 'til I die...   Okay, so I'm a fag...what's your point?