Boo Hoo, Poor Me  First and foremost, I must announce to all of Blogdom and beyond:    Ultrasparky  is Ultragroovy!  We'd decided that it was just time to hang out and, as far as I'm concerned, it was way  past  time.  Anyone who's up for a spontaneous trip to The Lure and can match me story for story is okay in my book.  I'm thinking with a little rest and an earlier start our adventures could keep Blogville entertained for quite some time.  I wonder if we can talk   anyone else  into joining our hijinks?  After a summer evening of walking around the City, making a new friend, pointing out former conquests or those we've nearly done, discussing happy couples, etc., I of course grew melancholy.  I left Sparky at the subway on 14th Street and started to walk up Eighth Avenue, tired but stalling.  Really, why rush to get home?  When I get there, it'll be the same thing: step over nearly-packed boxes, survey the dog's immediate area and determine whether or not he's peed, take him out for a quick walk, check email, check the answering machine, have a glass of Diet Coke, turn on the air in the bedroom, take out my contacts, brush my teeth, and try to sleep.  I've been leaving the radio or the tv on when I go out -- for the dog I tell myself -- but isn't it so the place won't be so quiet when I get back?  There's a television in practically every room, there are speakers for the stereo in the bedroom, there's a radio/cassette player in the bathroom...it's never quiet, there's always sound, always a party until I finally turn off the tv in the bedroom to force myself to sleep.  Then I lie there in my king-sized bed, alone, hugging a pillow until it's too hot, then turn it over for the cooler side, wondering why I'm so unlovable.  I've been alone a long time and I'm lonely.  It never used to bother me, being alone, after all I'm an only child who grew up in a single-parent home where I was left mostly to my own devices.  But now I notice the alone-ness.  I have friends I can do things with, acquaintences I can run into by just stepping outside, and we have a great time; they know who I am and care about me.  I still come home alone.  I still wake up alone.  I have my coffee alone, I sit on the sofa alone, I make dinner for one.  I can't even tell you where my other placemats are, I've only needed one for so long.  I'm becoming sad to myself, too set in my ways and maybe just a little crazy.  There's an old guy who lives on the fourth floor of my building.  He's probably in his late sixties.  Was a writer, now just does the occasional freelance job.  Mutters to himself.  If you look up at our building from the street, his apartment is the one that has newspaper over the windows instead of curtains.  He doesn't even use the front door to his apartment anymore, only his kitchen entrance.  The doorman tells me with a chuckle that it's because there's so much newspaper and junk stacked in his apartment he can't get through the front door anymore.  When I see him on the street and he passes a payphone, he sticks his finger in the coin return and fishes around to see if someone's left some change.  He doesn't care what he wears anymore, it's all too baggy, a cacophony of plaids, and there's a musty smell to him.  Sometimes he dyes his hair, but then it grows out for months before he dyes it again, and so the auburn at the tips is a far cry from the white at the base.  And no one talks to him.  Including me.  Sure he's a little crazy, and a little hard of hearing, but he's also alone in the world.  And I'm becoming him.  I'm terrified that Peter was it.  That was my shot.  It was so close to perfection for awhile but I wanted more communication, more feeling, and I ruined it and all chances of anything else even close to it ever again.  I'm condemned to a future of sometimes-decent sex with guys who project images onto me for the duration of that act, or who want to date what they  think  I am but can't handle or aren't interested in the reality, until the day that even  those  offers stop coming.  Seven years since Peter.  Seven years of dating guys I tried my best to pretend I had chemistry with.  Dating elements of personalities, but not complete men.  Going on second or third dates just to make sure.  Being treated as some sort of sexual fantasy but not as a vulnerable man.  I want someone significant in my life, one person who wants  me .  An undeniable chemistry.  Is that a joke?  'Cause I don't think I'm kidding myself...I mean, I've felt it before.  And, okay, yeah: I want someone to save me...just a little bit.  I can return that favor.  I want someone to see how worth it I am and to let me see he sees it.  Someone who gets me and enjoys me.  Someone I can understand and savor.  Someone I can come home to.  Of course, considering what my life's like right now, I think it's gonna get worse before it gets better.  I've gotta sort out my housing situation, my money situation, my career situation, my incontinent dog situation...and who wants to slog through all that with me?  I don't wanna go through it and it's  my  life, how could I expect someone else to tag along for all that fun?    God, this was stupid.  I feel like a whiny 14-year-old girl.  I'm gonna have the balls to not delete this entry, but let's just pretend I didn't mention any of this.  I'm fine, really.  I'm a big boy.  If I meet someone, I meet someone...I wouldn't be the first person in the world to die alone.  Big deal.  And I just don't feel like crying right now.