What Does It All Mean?  Today's flavor:  Dissociative Memory Swirl with Chocolate-coated Chunks of Incongruous Juxtaposition.  The guy who chased me down to give me his phone number and email address saying the we had to,  had to , go out on a date and who, against my better judgment I emailed and got in return "can you please remind me under which circumstances we met?"  Seeing a face at the MAC Pro store (on an errand for JSquared) and immediately having a block of information placed into my head: he had responded over a year ago to a personal ad I had placed, we had traded email, it had never gotten further than that, we had never met, remembering that he did indeed work as a stylist of some sort, and up popped his name:  "Are you Andrew?"  We chatted a bit, he's nice but I'm not hip enough for him, he gave me his card with home digits.  Might call.  Probably won't.  A phone call from an old and dear friend on the opposite side of the country whom I haven't spoken with in years.  I'm her oldest son's godfather.  She'll be at her family's farm in Pennsylvania the month of August and wants to drive into the City and spend time with me.  She's left three messages.  I can't call her back, much as I'd love to see and talk to her.  I'd just disappoint her with what I've become.  Chatting with Luke Perry in a back stairwell at Circle In The Square, telling him his first night will be just fine.  Gee, I'm sure he feels better now.  Waking up at 3am from some odd dream, thinking I hear someone breaking into my apartment, positive whoever it is is now running a shower.  Feeling genuinely terrified and trying to force myself back to sleep so I won't feel any pain if he decides to kill me.  Hearing three guys at the gym telling me I look great and not being able to completely understand the words because I had to try on at least three pair of shorts before I found a pair I was comfortable leaving the house in.  Looking at aisle after aisle in the Food Emporium and not finding anything appetizing except for bananas and Wheat Thins.  Holding tiny grudges about not having heard back from people then realizing with absolute clarity that, in fact,  I  hadn't returned  their  calls.  Am I cracking up?  Is it the heat?  Was it something I ate?  And what about Naomi?