Gay As A Parade!  I am gay.  Not just gay, I'm a perfect   Kinsey 6 . I've always been gay and I've always known it, even though I didn't always have a name for it and, for awhile during adolescence, tried fervently to believe that it was just a phase.  When I hear stories about guys who didn't even know they had homosexual inclinations until their twenties, I'm baffled.  In nursery school I used to get this teensy weensy hardons (they grown since then) and I'd always run and find Danny Hall on the playground and hug him and press it against him (his response was always "quit lovin' on me" -- my guess is Danny probably has to say that often now to his cellmates)  I've never had a girlfriend, been on a real date with a woman, and I've absolutely never had sex with a woman.  I did kiss Jan Orlosky once at a pool party in junior high school (no tongue), but she turned out to be a dyke anyway, so I don't think that counts (besides, I used to fool around with her brother).  And don't start that "fags hate women" thing, 'cause I think women are fantastic, but I prefer the company of men.  Watching the parade this afternoon was thought provoking, but mostly unemotional.  Let's face it:  I've seen it all and then some.  Two things caused a catch in my throat today, one expected and one not.  The expected was, of course, the two o'clock Moment of Silence.  This raucous parade with it's bar floats blaring club anthems, Cyndi Lauper on top of a fire truck belting out her new songs, gospel choirs, the Gay Men's Chorus, marching bands...all of it stops completely at two o'clock to remember all those men and women in our lives who didn't make it to this parade.  I thought about my friend Ric, who taught me about Fosse and All About Eve; Danny, who tried to teach me, by example, not to care what the hell anyone else thinks; Tommy, who was completely insane and spastic, and a terrible actor, but would do anything,  anything  to be in the theatre; Hal, one of my first teachers in New York who cried once in class when I did a song that touched him; and, of course, my sweet   Mac .  The unexpected was just a simple tshirt, worn by a PFLAG mother marching with her son, and handwritten on the back, probably in Magic Marker, was "I'm proud to be Tom's mother!"  Call me a sap, but nobody ever said they were proud to by  my  mother, much less marched in a parade and wore the tshirt.  Made me think, hell, if I knew as early as I did -- and I don't ever remember not knowing, when I was sexually harassing Danny Hall, I was about 4 -- my mother  had  to know.  Right?  Then again, that would've meant acknowledging my existence in some way, so maybe not.  But I'm not objective, so you decide.  Ladies and Gentlemen, for Your Blog Consumption Pleasure, I Wish to Present, in a Vaguely Chronological Order, as Many Childhood Incidents of My Nascent Homosexuality (and Future Fabulosity) as I Can Recall (otherwise entitled: "Ring, Ring...Mother It's The Cluephone For You").     In nursery and kindergarten, whenever we played Lost In Space, I was always Dr. Smith.   In my School Days Memories book that goes year by year, the section entitled "What I Want To Be" has several pre-printed answers (Fireman, Astronaut, Cowboy, etc.).  These are all crossed out and in tense cursive my mother has written in "Movie Star."   In first grade I didn't have a crush on Dee Dee Cox, I just wanted to run like her.  My mother caught sight of me running with my hands up and prissy and nearly had a coronary (note to self:  do you think this would work today?).   Also in first grade, we present a sock puppet performance of "Hansel and Gretel."  I am the Witch (a character actress even then).  When constructing the sock puppet, I insist my mother use the purply-blue swirly fabric, because "no witch would be caught dead in brown."   My first parakeet I named "Pretty Boy."   In the first attempts to purchase for me the man-making bats, balls, gloves, etc., a   G.I. Joe  was purchased.  I adored him.  You pulled his dogtags and he said:  G.I. Joe, Ready For Action, Sir!"  [This is all that I'm trying to say...]   Speaking of action figures, I was also purchased some other masculine-character-building dolls:    Big Jim and Big Jeff .  They both arrived shirtless and well-defined (Jim could even pop a steel band of his arm when he flexed his bicep).  They didn't seem to have girlfriends, but they did own jointly a camper, a jet, and a racecar.  I used to wish I could become their size so I could go camping with them...be careful what you wish for...   When the Cub Scouts announced we were doing a talent show, I came up with a high-concept idea where I would be all three of the Andrews Sisters, lip-synching to my mother's old 78s, and wearing one of her altered Hattie Carnegie suits.  She seemed doubtful, so I surprised her by performing the entire thing, costume, wig and all, in the living room one night.     Every night in order to go to sleep, I had to stack as many cast albums as my record player could stand (when one finished playing, the next LP would drop), and I would fall asleep listening to My Fair Lady, The King & I, Oklahoma!, Carousel, 1776, Hello Dolly!, etc.   I loved "  Funny Lady ."  Let me repeat that:  Not "  Funny Girl ," "  Funny Lady ."   I could then, and can still now, perform all of the songs and many of the scenes of the aforementioned "Funny Lady."  ("For once I didn't say too much, I didn't say too little, I said just enough and then I walked.")   For my mother's birthday one year, I redecorated her bathroom.   This is an ugly one, but:  Once on my grandfather's farm in Virginia, I had been helping pick potatoes (I was probably around 9 or 10).  I got tired eventually and went inside, where my father announced to the entire household that I couldn't do the work because I was "sissified."  My first thought wasn't, "hey, that's mean" it was "how did he know?"   Sophomore year in high school, I cajoled my mother into having my allergist write a note to my coach so I could be excused from Phys. Ed. all together, thus sparing me the embarrassment of being a skinny, weak, uncoordinated kid in a locker room full of jocks.  Instead, I was put in an alternate class with the school's three pregnant black girls and an asthmatic Korean, and we watched tv and learned to disco dance (even several months pregnant they helped me to perfect my bump-touchdown-turnaround-bump).   Just the fact that I  had  an allergist...   I regularly wore a pair of vintage tuxedo tails and a bowler hat to school.   I regularly wore a vintage smoking jacket at home (burgundy silk...heaven!). I could go on and on (as though I hadn't already).  However, just reading these few facts skimmed from only the surface of my memory, you can see that I  Was  most definitely what I  Was  and Some Menopausal Someone was in deep denial.  But I knew.  It's funny to me now, when guys remark on my "butchness," or even -- and this has happened several times and it never ceases to startle me -- when I'm assumed to be straight, to think back on that underweight, pale, oversized-bespectacled, clumsy, sassified, sissified, allergic, showtune-lovin' and, yes, nelly little boy.  Because that's still who I am.  I don't think I consciously created this persona to cover the other, what I think (hope) happened is that I used it all and raised  myself  to be a man.  A gay man.  A man who's got 17" biceps and all the lyrics to "Funny Lady" in his heart.