Dude, Where's My Carpe Diem?  I should do something tonight, but I don't really feel like it.  I tried to do something last night, but I didn't really feel like it.  Why?  I don't really feel like telling you, but that would be bad blogging, wouldn't it?  Don't worry, I'm not mortally depressed again.  I'm actually feeling kinda positive (despite the fact that I live in a Canine Urine Depository).  I've upped my workouts recently and I've been eating well, so I'm feeling not-terrible about the way I look.  I slept last night.  I even slept a little late this morning.  So why am I so apathetic to this whole   weekend's activities ?  Maybe I'm kidding myself a little about feeling fine.  I still owe plenty of money.  The dog thing is stressing me out.  There are really only two pair of pants and three pair of shorts that I actually feel comfortable in.  Fortunately I can fill out a shirt well enough, but if I attended one of the   tribal dances of my people , that would require  removal  of said shirt and then I'm just another   Jell-O Jiggler .  [Of course, what should happen just as I write that last line?  JP calls me and again offers me his extra ticket to that very hootnanny.  So far I'm still resisting...]  I'm young, I'm single, I should loves to mingle.  And yet, and yet...  As I said, I thought about going out tonight.  When I got home from the gym (which I hadn't felt like going to, but forced myself into an excellent leg workout), there was an invitation from   Michael  to join him and some of his friends for a drink, but the message had come in much earlier and I needed to shower and play shepherd, etc.  But after I'd done all that busy work, I thought maybe I'd just get dressed and stroll over to Barrage and see if they landed there.  So I did.  On my way, I walked past Roseland, where the Manhunt party was taking place.  I peeked in with only a tiny feeling that I was missing something.  I even got a couple of looks from the boys on their way in, but it felt like too much work and not enough fun.  Onward to Barrage.  The closer I got, the less I actually wanted to be in there alone.  What if Michael, et.al., weren't there?  Probably there'd be someone I knew, but there'd still be awkward standing around time.  Again, too much work and not enough fun.  I didn't even have a hankering for gin.  So at 47th Street I didn't even cross Ninth Avenue.  I looked over at the bar, saw the line (a line...for a Hell's Kitchen bar...I've lived too long...) and kept on walking.  Stopped at a deli for some half and half and a   Drumstick  and headed home.  Arriving just ahead of me in the elevator were three kinda cute twentysomethings, clearly visitors to the building if not the City.  They weren't sure which floor they were going to. "Eleventh floor," I said, "1101."  They giggled.  I mean, if they weren't headed to my apartment, they had to be friends of my only gay neighbors, but they thought I was mystically intuitive.  Then the three little magpies fell silent, just standing against the walls of the elevator watching me eat my cone.  I couldn't tell if they thought I was cute, or old, or were just astounded that a gay man would be eating something caloric in public.  Finally, the cutest of them said, "There's dark chocolate at the bottom."  Sorry?  "At the bottom of the cone...dark chocolate."  The three of them were just staring at me.  "Well, now that there'd better be, or I'm gonna come looking for ya," I said.  With that the door opened on 11 and they spilled out, giggling.  Kids today.  But even though I didn't understand the exchange, it made me feel a little better.  Maybe I should force myself to go tonight, like I forced myself to go to the gym yesterday.  After all, JP's always fun.  Cyndi Lauper's performing.  A full orchestra onstage for some bizarre circuity reason.  Just because they'll be serving delicious ice cold glasses of Self Loathing doesn't mean I have to drink it, right?  It used to send me into such a tailspin, those evaluating looks where he can sum up your body fat percentage and your total net worth then leverage that against what his friends will think of him if he's caught talking to you, then the glance away.  Now rather than sending me into therapy it mostly pisses me off, but I don't wanna go to a party to get pissed off, do I?  Or maybe I can go tonight and finally learn to laugh it off.  Maybe I'll go tonight and the crowd will part and a pair of eyes will meet mine as all other sounds fall away and we walk slowly towards each other, our gaze never breaking, only the sounds of our hearts and our breathing, until we're face to face and he says, "Oh sorry, I thought you were someone else."   I could just order in some Chinese food, read blogs, watch tv.  But that sounds pathetic.  I used to be glamorous.  But what would I wear?  I could wear those yellow shorts and the new black and gold tank I bought with RJ...wait, I don't wanna go.  No, I wanna sit home alone on a muggy Saturday night in an unairconditoned apartment with a dog I'm barely speaking to.  Well, umm, no I don't wanna do that either.  I could go for a little while and see how I feel...  I don't like where this is going...I'm a goddamned house o'cards.  I don't need to seize the day, I need to get a grip.  But the yellow shorts would work...