A Is For Alpha  Bad day in Dogville.  I know some of you may be eating while you read this (c'mon, I eat while I read  your  blog) so I won't get too graphic, but after my carefree bike ride this morning, I returned to an apartment where floors, crate, and one particularly incontinent puppy all needed immediate hosing down.  A great part of a nutritious breakfast, indeed.  I sighed heavily, and, first-things-first, popped Dex in the tub, hopped outta my sweaty biking clothes, and gave him a good scrubbing.  Once he was nice and clean, and I was soaking wet, he pushed his way out of the bathroom and proceeded to step right back into some poop.  That's when I cracked.  I'm surprised that glass didn't shatter and the plaster remained uncracked.  I don't think he's ever seen me that angry and he boy, was wary of me for a full half hour after.  Molly, of course, stared at the wall and licked something off the floor.  Dex is an amazingly smart, but incredibly sensitive dog.  He always reacts to the current of emotion in the room and he's very tuned in to me (I do have those opposable thumbs, y'know).  And I'm aware that the honor of riding in the front car of my emotional roller coaster these past couple of months has taken a toll on him as well.  So as frustrating as it is, I've tried to be very, very patient about his recent amnesia concerning housebreaking.  He's always had a little separation anxiety anyway, and I don't think having Molly around has helped much.  Oh they enjoy each other, and play well together, but when I'm trying to give him some attention and she nudges her way in for some as well, I can just see that look in his eye, like: "Exactly who invited this dumb blond into our pack?"  I know you think I'm anthropomorphizing, but that's just 'cause you don't know him.  He's a genius.  And that's in addition to his good looks.  He spends a lot of time cocking his head back and forth trying to make sense of the stuff I say.  Much as I'm sure you do.  But I know that this housebreaking/separation anxiety issue isn't his fault, it's mine.  And other than buy   this new book  I haven't been in a frame of mine until recently to help him out.  Now we've added Molly to the mix (but only until Saturday) -- well, of course my poor boy has issues.  He is my son, after all.  All the more reason why I feel so awful about completely losing my cool this morning.  After awhile I went and sat on the floor near him and let him decide if he wanted to deal with me.  Naturally, he did.  "It's okay, Dad, you were just mad...I still love you."  In that earlier moment of madness I wondered (very much aloud) why the hell I'd ever gotten another dog and that the whole experience wasn't doing much to prove the   lower blood pressure theory , but later when we napped together and he let out a big sigh and fell asleep with his head on my chest...well, I'll clean up poop every day if I also get a little of this.  (And if any one of you bastards every mentions this precious li'l moment to me, I'll kick your ass.  And you know I can do it.)  So starting today I'm going to be a better, stronger Alpha.  We're gonna go over our commands every day, if only for a few minutes.  He's going to sit-stay before I give him his food.  He's gonna down-stay right beside me while I eat mine.  He's going to have to sit patiently until I invite him on furniture.  He's gonna wait until Alex Tribek gives the correct answer before shouting it out.  But the hardest of all, at least for me: he's probably gonna have to spend a couple of nights a week sleeping on the floor and, eventually, outside of the room.  Even though he sometimes decides that the exact center of a king-sized bed is really the only place for a 45-pound dog to sleep, I still love having him there.  I love waking up and seeing his perplexed little face hovering over mine.  I love the way the little air conditioning whore sometimes falls asleep on his back with his legs sprawled, soaking up the coolness.  But we need to set boundaries.  And if, some far off day on some distant planet, I ever  do  have another boyfriend, I want him to understand the concept of not always getting to sleep with Daddy (although at this point, practically everyone has already).  I think I can do this.  After all, it's for our mutual good.  Dogs want guidance, they want discipline.  In fact, they  need  it like they need water, and exercise, and   Snausages .  In a blanket.  Yeah,  tough love  (I really am preparing for a future boyfriend, huh?).