Don't Be Over The Rainbow  Couldn't sleep again last night.  It's odd, I made sure I didn't have a lot of caffeine, I was certainly tired -- I could barely keep my eyes open as I read "The Latchkey Dog."  But as soon as the light was off and I tried to settle in, not-so-much with the schloffen.  It got a little uncomfortable as I turned from side to side, practicing long-forgotten breathing exercises, limited skills in meditation, etc.  Finally, again, around 5am, I nodded of.  And  up  at nine!  Depression was so much more restful, so much delicious unconsciousness.  Maybe I have an incredible credit in my Sleep Bank.  Either way, by 1pm I couldn't believe I'd gotten so much done and still had plenty of energy to burn.  Being healthy is so... healthy .  I dealt with three creditors today, all three were very understanding and helpful.  I didn't use my snotty "you work for a utilties" voice even once.  I just leveled with everyone: "Look, I wanna pay this bill, but first I have to keep from being evicted.  It really sucks and it's a little frightening, so can you help me make some payment arrangements?"  And they all did.  The scariest thing about debt for me is, not the being broke part, but the avoidance of it.  I   don't open envelopes , either, but it gives them  way  more power than they should have.  I don't balance my checkbook because it's scary to see how little I have...fuck it, let's take a good long look.  I certainly can't have any less than I think I do, and at least I'll know where I really stand (so important for a Virgo).  I also learned that the swell apartment in Brooklyn I was considering has been rented.  I never saw it, so I don't know what I lost.  But it feels like that ball is rolling, too.  I wasn't afraid to move to Brooklyn (  you know  how phobic Manhattanites can be) and to have two roommates, because it was gonna free my ass up...get me outta debt and get me working again.  The point isn't where I live anymore, the point is that I start living my way again.  I can do that anywhere.  So just to show Whomever that I'm serious, I went and bought two more moving boxes and I'm gonna start packing up some clothes, etc. (I already have a 12 boxes of books sitting in my hallway, most of the artwork is off the walls ready for packing and stuff is being sorted for my Big Estate Sale...stay tuned.)  Finding myself with extra time this afternoon, and unable to take a midafternoon nap (much to the consternation of Dex, who used to enjoy the regularly-scheduled snuggle...he practically rolled his eyes at me and moved to the loveseat where my not napping wouldn't disturb him), I took a little time to read some blogs.  A couple of them, of course,   touched on Pride  (or did in   their comments )and I found (brace yourselves) that I have strong feelings about it.  The first couple of years I was in New York I thought Pride was ridiculous.  A bunch of bad drag queens, overweight guys in leather, dykes on bikes...I couldn't relate, I found it laughable.  I was a judgmental little bastard.  Oh sure, there was some cute guys, but I wasn't gonna be associated with that whole thing just to see  them .  But I got talked into going one year with a good friend, it started on the Upper West Side that year and we watched it pass on Central Park South, and I found myself really moved.  We didn't have anything like this in Ybor City, Florida, not when I was growing up.  Oh yeah, I was embarrassed by some of it, there were still things I couldn't relate to, but by the end of that parade, I felt like I was really a part of a community.  And listening to the straight people around us, but supportive and otherwise, I realized the importance of the parade, of Gay Pride Day, to the straight world as well as to ours.  It "normalized" everything; made it all less of an issue rather than more.  The stupid straight frat boys would yell ugly remarks to the drag queens, and the dragoons would just laugh at them.  In that "be gone, you have no power here" sorta way.  Just like at Stonewall.  I don't think it changed the minds of the frat boys, necessarily, but they realized they really didn't have any power there, and they moved on...wasn't fun to taunt the men in dresses if they weren't gonna get a fight out of it.    You know who  did  get mad and yell at them?  The fifty-year-old couple that were standing near us.  They might've been   PFLAG  members, but it seemed to me they were just people who'd stumbled across a slice of the world that they didn't see all the time and enjoying it.  They responded to those guys in the embarrassed manner I have when I'm in, say, London, and I hear an American being boorish:  "We're not all like that."  Those frat boys apologized to the straight couple (who told them they should apologize to the rest of us, although they didn't) and they even stuck around a bit, with no further comment.  When we left later, I caught the woman's eye and smiled and winked at her, and she gave me a little thumbs-up.  I have to say, after being out for so many years, knowing I was gay from early childhood, and after being in the theatre for so many years, it still startles and delights me to find straight people, especially men, who have no issues with my homosexuality.  Even in the relatively enlightened era in which I grew up, straight people didn't talk about, much less accept, gay men.  It's a constant delight to me that I can be completely me all of the time and the "normal" world, the "establishment" isn't ignoring or looking the other way...they're fixing me up!  They're defending me!  But I still grew up thinking mostly it was a dirty secret.  Even now, I'm sure I have some internalized homophobia because of that.  Today I left my friend Jaymes on the corner of 54th Street and Broadway and we kissed each other on the lips, a friendly goodbye before going out separate ways.  Jaymes is 6' 1", blond, a gymnast, sweet as hell...just the type of guy I should want people to see me kissing.  I admit to you that for a split second I looked around to see who'd noticed.  What the fuck?  What do I care?  Well, really I don't.  I'm all about PDA.  But sometimes in the middle of (to pervert a phrase of   Queerscribe's ) "overtly straight space," I have a pang of discomfort.  Maybe I'm afraid I'll get fagbashed.  Maybe I'm afraid someone's gonna just smirk at me.  Or tell my mommy.  It's just a flash, never stops me from the action, but I know that feeling's there and I hope it completely goes away.    When I see baby fags on out and about, their queerness isn't that much of an issue for them, at least in the City.  And I'm so proud of them for that.  They have tv shows and movies, celebrities, politicians, and frank dialogue (ooh, that would be a good talkshow host name) to signal that this isn't some dirty secret, it's just a part of life.  Everybody's life.  It's becoming more and more normal.  And I think some of that has to do with some outrageous fags marching down the main streets of cities once a year.  And, yeah, I think it has to do with tv stations showing only the Dykes on Bikes and the more flambouyant drag queens on the evening news...it's backfired on them.  'Cause now it's not some scary, unseen threat to publicly decency and traditional family values, it's just some diesels on motorcycles and guys in dresses and so what?  The constant image is making it all the more normal.  And if the extreme is becoming a normal sight, why the hell should me holding hands with a boy on the street worry anybody?  So I guess I'm thinking the day, the parade, hasn't outlived it's usefulness.  Every year we're helping to redefine "normal" for the world.  I'm part of this evolution, and I'm proud of it. I know it ain't perfect, it's not the complete answer.  But I promise you, it's valuable to a lot of people.  And   Tinman's  right, too: Men. Heat. Shorts. Tank tops. Shirtless. Biceps. Dancing under the open sky.  Fireworks.  It's a ball...I'm celebrating with my people!  With Pride.