The Joy of Ritual  I didn't sleep again last night.  Not exactly sure why.  The air conditioner was working nicely, Dexter was beside me, Molly was in the tub, I read until I was tired.  But Morpheus came not.  So around 5am I got up to call him on the Unisom phone.  I got his machine.  He finally got around to me, but he only had time for a short visit.  I was up by 9am, and I mean  up !  Walked the Anipals, ran some errands, biked for 45 minutes, ran some more errands.  Sweat like a...a...something that sweats a lot.  I decided it might be a good day to haul all of my Fiestaware and my Hollywood Brown Derby platter down to Mood Indigo and finally sell it all and pay some rent.  Now last week, I took this big, heavy bag downtown, after 1pm on a Tuesday which the nice man on the phone had told me was the best time, but there wasn't anyone there who would look at my stuff and I was stuck lugging around a heavy, fragile bag in the heat, pissed that I had made an effort to get some cash and was thwarted.  Today, I called first, took the R train down, unwrapped all the pieces, placed them out for unbelievable scrutiny and...guess what?  They didn't want any of it!  Nada.  Turns out,  people had actually eaten of my plates!   They scrutinized every inch of each plate and it wasn't up to their standards.  Throughout the whole thing, I wasn't angry or defensive, I just watched.  Actually, I was kind of amused.  I bought this stuff because it was fun and colorful and old and interesting, I bought it to be used, and it was.  She offered me $50 for the Brown Derby platter, but I didn't think it was enough and so I didn't sell it.  I wasn't insulted, I wasn't upset.  Yeah, I wish I could've sold it, 'cause I need the money.  But I tried and that wasn't the venue.  Okay.  Next.  I amazed myself.  I had a great workout; lifted heavy, didnt hate my reflection, felt energized.  When I left the gym it was so nice out I decided I'd walk up to the Barnes & Noble on 66th and Broadway.  Didnt find a thing I wanted, had a ball.  On my walk back, I realized tonight would be a perfect night for my Poverty Banishing Ritual.  Ive been really looking forward to doing it ever since the psychic suggested it last week.  I believe in ritual.  Thats why I very much believe in commitment ceremonies and memorial services.  I certainly think writing has become a ritual for me.  Through some simple actions and event is elevated and some physical or emotional or psychic energy is transformed and things change.  Sometimes healing occurs.  So I took out my favorite Mont Blanc pen, filled it with the Bordeaux ink, and wrote.  On one piece of paper I wrote out the things that I wanted to release:  the feelings and ideas of poverty, the voices and tapes running through my head that created those attitudes, and all of my negative feelings surrounding money.  On the other, I wrote about all of the things I now wanted to embrace:  feelings of abundance and wealth, of unlimited riches both imagined and unimagined.  I put on a cd of Gregorian chant, to create a heightened sound and burned some copal incense to perfume the air and purify it.  Then I lit a new white candle and I asked all the good forces/spirits/energies in my life to attend my ritual.  I then restated what I wanted to release and, as I did, I burned that paper.  When it was completely burnt, I restated what I now wanted to draw into my life and burned that paper.  When it was gone, I remember that the psychic told me to ring a bell or bang a drum or clap my hands to disperse the energy.  So I clapped my hands three times, so loud that I startled the pups in the next room who had been, strangely enough, quite and calm while I performed by ritual.  Then I just sat in my chair, in front of the candle and drew breath.  Let the thoughts come and go.  I suppose it was a form of meditation.  I have to tell you, though you may not believe it, that I felt something going on around me.  I had goosebumps and I felt currents in the room of, I dont know, energy.  Wow, and Im not even from California.    After a few minutes, I got up, herded my hairy companions to the laundry room and washed some of my groovy shirts from yesterday.  Its calm here on West 54th Street.  Dex and Molly are calm.  Im calm.  Theres a nice breeze.  My body feels a little sore and tired, but in an  earned  way.  Just so you know Im not completely whacked, I dont expect a leprechaun to come prancing up with my morning coffee and a pot o gold.  But Im also not gonna downplay how good it felt to do it, just so you wont think Im a little weird (cause, newsflash, I am).  I feel peaceful and optimistic and if it took a candle and some hoo-doo to get me there, so be it.  Now Im off to perform my Peaceful Dog Sleep Ritual.  It starts with the contents of three Unisoms and a Milkbone