The Best Little Warehouse In Brooklyn  My legs is sore.  My back's got the misery, too.    RJ  and I did some hard labor today, but I'm here to to tell you hard labor pays off and I've got the new wardrobe to prove it.  We'd discussed making this trip for awhile (okay, a month), and finally I got an assertive email before he left for his   wallet-free weekend  and we made plans for today, deciding the first one up would call the other and firm-up a time.  Have you ever talked to RJ in the morning?  I would say monosyllabic, but that might make him sound chatty.  Me?  I've been waking up increasingly earlier and I was up and at 'em by 10am, my pack had been walked and fed and given evenly-distributed attention (by the way, anyone who tells you that it's just as easy to take care of two dogs as it is one is an evil liar and you should yank their tongue from their filthy dissembling mouths), I'd consumed my fortified grits and eggs and coffee, and chosen just the right cute-gay-but-still-gotta-walk-through-the-ghetto-to-get-there outfit.  RJ was contemplating a shower, if contemplating equals abstract flashes of water with him near it.  Finally, finally, finally we decide that we'll be uber-urban and meet on the last car of the L train (when we arrive at his stop I poke my head outta the car, if he's there he hops on, if he's not I hop off and wait...all sophisticated Gotham-dwellers are doing it).  So I quickly do a little dog proofing, make sure all the canines have a treat to occupy them, assure them that separation anxiety manifested in a form which destroys Daddy's/Uncle's cherished possessions is certain to incur the sort of wrath that will guarantee someone's a bathmat by sundown, and head out to the subway.  At the designated station I poke my head out, swivel left and write, nope, no mullet here...and hop off.  Not too long after, a vision descends the concrete stairs (cue, film noir sax):  You could feel his presence hit the platform and every head turned.  The jeans falling of his now-boyish hips, the grey FTL undergarment peeking naughtily out, the tight-fitting blue t-shirt which, with every gesture, rode up to reveal the now-in-wide-release   treasure trail  in an even sleeker package.  The too-chic-for-the-L-Train Fendi glasses only briefly hid that impish twinkle which delighted in my startled expression as I assessed the topiary formerly known as his mullet.  This boy is fabulous!  The train arrived noisily soon after, so I never got to fully hear his reducing plan, but it seemed to be based mainly on bread, vitamin water, and malicious microbes.  The subway ride was brief and painless and one wonders why the poor grouse so about this marvellous conveyance.  Once above ground, we found the neighborhood full of, as my travelling companion described them "hipsters."  We'd lose them soon enough and started off into the heat.  Now, I have to state plainly I'm not giving away the name of this Warehouse of Wonders.  I'm just not.  I'm hoping RJ feels the same, although, unnaturally enough, I have no control over his content.  I mean, if everyone knew about it -- and they've had their chance -- I wouldn't be assured of the treasures I hauled back today.  So, I'm sorry, but since I don't want nobody messin' with my booty, I'm keepin' the name of this place on the down low.  Whatever that means (I heard it on the MTV).  I always enjoy walking and talking with the RJ.  It's a nice combination of introspective self-indulgence (mostly on my part) mixed with good storytelling and off-the-wall, almost Dadaistic dialogue.  We were so into the sights and sounds of this particular part of Brooklyn (which, apparently, is a burough of Manhattan...travelling is  so  enlightening) we even managed to walk across some wet cement, thus permanently marking our outer-borough journey for the children of tomorrow.  You can see them for yourself (if you can just figure out which Miraculous Warehouse we visited and by which circuitous route).  Walking through the sparkling gates of the Oz of Outerwear, this Taj Mahal of Togs, anticipation was high and it wasn't long before we were rewarded by our first finds of the day.  Every floor held a new surprise:  An old Texaco shirt for $3?  A reversible St. Rose Basketball tank top for $2.50?  Mine and mine.  The tshirt trove was almost unbearably delicious.  If most of them hadn't been extra-large, I think my nascent friendship with RJ might have ended in an ugly tussle for the "Allergy Carnival" shirt.  My haul seemed to mostly include old mesh sports jerseys and tanks, while RJ collected kicky things that could be ripped up to make kickier things.  But when you don't need clothing to form your personality, you can get away with it.  Now legend had always had it that this Warehouse of Wearable Manna had a separate area where clothing could be bought by the pound, although one had to sift through piles for them.  We asked several of the very helpful employees (RJ to me: "You're not allowed to make fun of the Puerto Ricans and I won't make fun of the Hassids, deal?"), but there were cagey.  Oh yes they were.  The White Man coming to sift through their piles?  No way!  But finally as we cashed out (and I had added to my findings a bottle of Gulden's and a plastic meat tenderizer...mmm-hmm, there were plastic goods and other things as well at this Warehouse of Mystery and Delight) we were tipped off as to the secret entrance.  And this, children, is how RJ and yours truly, became ragpickers...  Bins and bins and bins of clothing, heaps of unwashed, unworn, unwanted clothing.  Ours for the pickin'.  We browsed through the sorted-but-unwashed section, and indeed found a couple more items, but the real riches lay in the bins.  We both knew it.  We rolled up our metaphorical sleeves and plunged in.  Tentatively at first, but soon we were as adept as the professional bargain hunters that surrounded us.  And what did we pull out?  Beaded gowns, stretchy track pants, underaged prostitute wear (RJ:  "Poor, poor tiny Jon-Benet."); oh my, that's a bra; oh dear, I don't know  what  that is.  I can honestly tell you that, while I found some tasty clothes, some all-time-new favorites for the summer, the absolute best part of it was how much we laughed.  Hard and long and, okay I'll tell it before he does, I even snorted.  Multiple snorts.  The filthy, itchy, unspeakable garments that came up in our mitts were hilarious and hideous and the best time you can have, well, with clothes on.  Frilly, pleated...cullottes?  Cut off, braided 'n' beaded Disney character tshirt (in a size a too large for li'l Heather...Mommy musta worn it, or perhaps Uncle Bruce).  Frightened we were and frightened we stayed.  There was some real excitement when the great doors to the main warehouse rolled open and a fresh (if one can use that word in regard to these musty, mite-filled  schmatas ) bin was wheeled out with several colorful matrons scuttling along behind, already picking through.  It was the Fulton Fish Market of Used Clothes.  Weakend with laughter (and, of course the heat), joints aching, and that "gotta light up" look sneaking into RJ's baby blues, we decided to call it quits.  Unfortunately, the cashier was on the other side of this Hangar of Hangdog Housedresses and we had to negotiate its minefield of unexploded and unexplored bins.  Now, I have  some  experience with addictive behavior, indeed I even once shot a commercial in Atlantic City and felt a strong pull from the nickel slots, but nothing,  nothing , compares with the nagging thought that if you just plunge your arm deep enough into the right bin you'll avoid scabies and come out the the sexiest polyblend buttondown in Christendom, the wearing of which will cure your ills and lead you to fame and personal fulfillment.  Sensible, adorable RJ pulled me in off that ledge and we staggered with our catch to The Scale.  The Guardian of The Scale was an unpleasant, scowling mistress.  My haul came to three pounds or so (roughly $7 for about seven shirts) and I handed her a $20.  She considered it, tested it with her marker, determined it to be legal tender, and pooched her lips at me, assessing my true wealth in a new light.  RJ figured most people just paid with sweaty and crumpled singles.  Back out on the street, the sunlight seemed dazzling.  The air smelled sweeter.  The mites seemed less itchy.  We were the kings of the world!  We were the champions, my friend!  We were Spartacus, goddamnit!  And we had the under $20 sacks of summer raiment to prove it.  Of course, I would've paid twice that just to spend the afternoon laughing with RJ, but he doesn't accept those kinds of cash gifts anymore.  Thank you, dear boy, for being my Sacagawea of Savings.  The very next sky blue "Pretty Girl" tennis dress I find (hopefully  without  the dried ejaculate) is all yours, even if I have to pay full price.  That's how much I care!   Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a lot of laundry to do...and perhaps a quick de-lousing for myself...