Lie Down With Dogs  Dogs are funny little friends.  They are cute and fun.  They like to play and all they want from you is a pat on the head and a bowl of food.  Oh sure, sometimes dogs can be mischievous.  They might sneak away with one of your socks or shoes.  Or an entire night of sleep.  Last night, as you may have read elsewhere, I had an impromptu meeting with the Man of Tin.  Its delightful now and again to be reminded over a negihamachi roll just how old and jaded I really am.  To tell the truth, I was worried I would scare him, but he seemed to take me in stride (although in all those lovely adjectives, he didn't say cute?  Why?   WHY? )  Turns out were just as chatty in person as we are on our blogs, although oddly enough we didnt talk all that much about blogging.  And guess what?  The narcotic I slipped into his miso soup worked and I got him to agree to let me send out his resume with some cover letters to jobs I think he'd be right for.  Bwahahahahaha...he has no idea how drunk with power I am and what poor choices I'll make.   Anyway, we finished up our cheap sushi and I initiated the young one into the ways of Midtown Homosexual Drinking Establishments.   We got to Barrage around 11:30pm, plenty of time for most showfags to be out and about, but we walked the length of the place and I knew no one. NO ONE.   Inconceivable!   I began to suffer from AWDS (Attention Whore Deficit Syndrome).  A gin & tonic only helped mildly.  Soon, though, people I knew, had done, and/or had nearly done trooped in and we started our sophisticated banter centered around this business we call shoe ("Ba ba da wonderful! Ba ba da marvellous! Margo was just ba da!").  I noticed a glazed look coming over the Boy Wonders eyeswe were losing the Tinster (you mean not everyones interested in the comings and goings of Reba McIntyres standby?), so I thought Id play Dolly Levi which I think was more successful than he does (I mean, you were out at a fashionable midtown bar chatting in a relaxed manner with a cute boyI think its progress) even though he didn't get none.  I'm here to report that the Tinman was charming, was able to initiate and sustain conversation, looked perfectly adorable in his ringer-tee...he won't be single long boys.  Apply via my email, I'll be pimping, uh, screening all applicants.    Meanwhile on the other side of the bar, I ran into old friends and some of  their  old friends who were, ever so  friendly .  But I was fading and after some close calls (I am not quite ready to romp in Cupids grove), I excused myself to go home, walk the dog and our doggy guest and get to bed so I could be fresh in the morning for my volunteering duties at Broadway Bares.  The dogs had a different idea.  Dexter, as I may have mentioned, has never had a sleepover friend (for that matter, its been awhile since I have).  Dex usually sleeps right next to me.  Molly usually sleeps right next to her dad.  So there was some confusion as to who would be sleeping in bed.  It didn't exactly get ugly, in fact it was almost too polite.  One would hop up and the other would pace around the bed ( click, jangle, click, jangle, click, jangle ).  Then the other would hop up and the first would hop off and pace around the bed ( click, jangle, click, jangle, click, jangle ).  They tussled playfully with each other for awhile, both finally settling on the floor, then the bed.  Just as Id fall asleep, thered be some disturbance in the sleeping arrangements and wed begin the process all over again, with minor variations (but with the same  click, jangle, click, jangle, click, jangle ).  Then it started to rain.  Molly doesnt like rain nor thunder.  She panics and the only place she feels comfortable is in the bathtub.  So finally, around 5am, it was all resolved, with one dog by me on the bed and one dog tucked safely in the bathtub.  I thought of taking one of Molly's tranquilizers, but I was out the second I got back to my one-dog bed.  Needless to say I slept through my alarm and when I woke up two hours later than the time I was to be at Roseland, I was too tired (and too embarrassed) to actually go in.    There was a lot of activity in the City today:  The Pride Rally, Folsom Street East, etc.  But I wanted a mellower, mildly dog-free day, so instead I bummed around with a pal.  Lunch at California Pizza Oven (Chicken California pizza with grilled chicken, spinach, whole cloves of garlic, and ricotta cheese), Kmart (they had none of the things I needed, but my pal did parade me down every single Martha Stewart aisle the hadIm suspecting a hint of mint), the Strand (bought "The Latchkey Dog" so I can be an even better dad), then home for a nap and of course, dogwalking.  You might have noticed I don't really have anything to blog about.  I don't really.  I'm stalling...yup, that's what I'm doing.  Stalling.  Sooner or later, though, I'm gonna have to walk into that arena I used to call a bedroom and steel myself for that ol' familar tune:   click, jangle, click, jangle, click, jangle .  Cave canem, ya'll...