Lousy Act III Curtain  In all probability, I won't last the weekend.  There's just too much that I can't cope with.  By the end of this week I'm supposed to hand over to my landlord about $2,800.  I'll probably have $800.  The stuff I tried to sell to get the money just didn't sell and I've got nowhere to find it.  Although I've tried to pack up my apartment in preparation, there's too much to go through and nowhere to put it.  Sure, I'll have to go back to court, and the marshalls won't come to toss my belongings onto the street for another week or so, but why prolong it?  I'm tired and I'm sad I'm incredibly overwhelmed.  On Saturday, the man that I thought I would spend the rest of my life with will be marrying a fat and not particularly charming opera singer.  We were together for five years and when we met I had no idea that colors were so bright, that food tasted so good, that one man's voice could infuse me with energy and laughter.  It's not that I want him back...I honestly don't.  But I don't want to be alone anymore.  And I don't really see an option.  I'm too everything: cranky, fat, annoyed, annoying, smart, right, complicated, broke, tired, sad, overwhelmed.  I couldn't invite anyone into this mess.  They wanted me to attend.  He doesn't get why I can't.  On Sunday, I'm supposed to attend a Tony party.  Probably three couples and me.  Three sets of homeowners and me.  Three sets of professionals and me.  To do what?  To watch friends, acquaintances, former friends, former tricks, friends of friends, business associates, and some minor heroes take part in, and some even win, one of the highest honors bestowed by and on my beloved Theatre.  In so many ways, I'll feel like one of those little urchins in "Oliver!" or "Annie" with my nose pressed to a window watching sumptuous couples partake of a sumptuous banquet, to which I'm not invited.  So I wanna hit the reset button.  Will I?  God, I actually hope so.  How?  Still thinking about it.  I'm a pussy, so hopefully I'll be able to clean out somebody's medicine cabinet or something and fall into a long and lovely sleep.  I'm just so tired of fighting and I'm tired of doing it alone.  It's really that simple.  I don't feel sorry for myself, or particularly scared anymore.  Just defeated.  And one thing I've always given myself credit for is knowing when to leave a party before I grow too tiresome.