Call Me Mowgli  It's hot as hell in my apartment.  Tropical rainforest hot.  Steamy with no air moving and I'm pretty sure it's gonna rain in the foyer any sec.  Muggy, I tell ya.  Sure I have a fan going, but the heat laughs at my fan.  There's an air conditioner in the bedroom, but I can only afford to run it at night.  And so sweat is pouring from every pore, my clothes are drenched; most of the day I've run around the apartment in soaked boxers.  I, perhaps foolishly, agreed to babysit my friend Quinn's golden retriever, Molly.  Quinn's going off to Copenhagen for a week and Molly has, umm...special needs.  Okay, she's completely neurotic.  She can't stay in a kennel because, if there's a thunderstorm, she'll try to dig her way out of her crate until she has bloody stumps.  What Molly needs during a thunderstorm is the security of being in a bathtub, where she can hide from that bad noise.  She's sweet, she's just not smart.  Meanwhile, Dexter has never had another dog in the house.  He loves other dogs.  Other dog owners see us coming to the dog run and they know they're dog's gonna sleep like a rock that night, 'cause Dex is gonna run 'em ragged.  So imagine, if you will, Dex's utterly perplexed yet delighted face when Molly showed up today.  It's much like my face when the nice man from Domino's show's up.  Delicious.  Dexter's a year old, Molly's six...but she's game and they're having a great time.  All. Over. The. Apartment.  Oh, they take breaks...sometimes to drink water and slobber it all over the apartment, sometimes just to sit on something I was planning on wearing and pant.  But then they rally and the rollicking fun continues.  All. Over. The. Apartment.  I've already placed a moratorium on anything squeaky, but it's still a little crazy up in here.  I'm really being very calm considering I'm soaked through, moderately covered in fur and the only intelligent thing I've said all day to another living creature is, "OffDropitSitNoOffLeaveit."  Tomorrow I'm volunteering all day at Broadway Bares/Equity Fights AIDS helping to set up Roseland for Broadway Bares.  It's gonna be a long, long day of hauling heavy equipment, moving chairs and banquettes, tedious filling of goodie bags, etc.  Not only is it for a good cause, but: (a) Roseland's completely air conditioned, and (2) no dogs allowed.