The Mirror Has Two Homos  (And One Of 'Em's Pissed)   Biking along the river today, I passed a blader coming the other way who looked at me quizzically.  It wasn't cruisy at all, just odd.  And I realized that my forehead was all scrunched up, my eyes were narrowed.  I was having a perfectly nice ride, mind you, but I must've looked like I was in pain, or totally pissed off.  Might've been from the sun, I was wearing my glasses so the sun was hitting me pretty directly, might've just been concentrating, who knows?  I relaxed my face, and tried to notice when it was tensing up again.  I biked on for a bit, wondering what that blader must've thought was going on with me, according to my face, and for the gazillionth time in my life, I wished that I could be outside of my body to see myself objectively.  I think we should, as humans, have the option of doing that a few times in our lives.  Be able to step outside of our bodies and observe ourselves as a separate living thing, the way others do.  Say once every decade, plus a couple of emergency viewings during times of stress.  And not just to see ourselves, we should be able to have a little unsuspecting conversation with ourselves, to see how we sound, how we come off.  Imagine the perspective we'd get on ourselves in our teens, our twenties, if we could watch ourselves from across the room, interacting with friends and strangers, then walk across the room and strike up our own dialogue.  Of course, my reaction would totally depend on the packaging of Observer Me.  Would I be my type so that I'd flirt with myself?  Would I be unappealing and a little too inquisitive so I'd get my own hackles up?  Let's face it, sometimes the soup du jour has a little more spice and sometimes a little more cheese and how would I know what I was ladling out at the moment and if it was really representative of me?  It's a little like that Secret Shopper they used to send around when I worked in the gourmet section (read: glorified deli) at Bloomingdale's.  The idea was that you'd never know when the Secret Shopper was coming by to grade you, so you'd be pleasant to  all  the customers.  Well, c'mon, we were weighing overpriced goatcheese and slicing imported bunderfleisch for 60-year-old East Side Matrons who'd each wave her deli-number at you clutched in her Bulgaried hand, demanding that she see the first slice to make sure it was thin enough, then snatch it off the waxpaper pop it into her professionally-stretched maw and say "Oh Bloomie's can afford it."  I guess, lady, but so can you.  If you were really worried about saving money, I think you be getting your saucisson at Smiler's instead.  About the fifteenth time through that particular exercise in one day and you tend to get a little testy (Matron: "Young man, I'd like some tongue"  Me: "Sorry lady, I get dinner and a show first").  There were also fun celebrity customers (one who always asked for me was Mrs. Thurston Howell, III, who loved me because I knew her name was Natalie Schaeffer and that she'd been in a Gracie Fields movie called "Molly and Me"), but you could be pretty sure that, no matter how low their careers, Liza and Olivia de Havilland had not yet stooped to being Secret Shoppers.  Umm, where was I?  Oh yeah, Observer Me being like a Secret Shopper.  I don't think I'd be chipper and charming all the time on the off chance that Observer Me might be the droning, judgmental little twinkie serving me drinks.  Although it  might  be fun to be told off by me (I suppose there are plenty still living that I might ask...), still what if I caught me on an off day?  Okay, so it's not a perfect system.  But how else am I supposed to really see if I'm sexy or not on a dance floor?  Or if I  really do  look fat in these pants?  Or if my devilish smile is really just satanic?  What am I supposed to do, trust others?  As if, pal.  Observer Me could check it all out and get back to me based on my own taste, and in a language I understand.  Y'know, like "I wouldn't wear those cowboy boots anymore, baby, they make you walk like Verna Spurlock from ninth grade."  Got that loud and clear -- those heels make me prissy.  Someone else can't reach me as quickly and truly.  My doctor says I have "bigorexia," that no matter how much I work out I never look big enough to me.  Observer Me could just say, "Your arms aren't as big as Trainer Bob's, but they're bigger than Allen's and  I'd  do me."  See?  I know  right  where I fall in that comparison (and, frankly, I wish they  were  as big as Trainer Bob's, but that's a whole 'nother blog).  Maybe it's obsessive.  Probably it's just gay (really, do straight boys want to chat with themselves?  I think not.).  And I suppose I should spend a lot more time being the "best me I can be," but, can you even read that sentence without your eyes rolling so far back in your head you can see yesterday?  Yeah, me either.  My "Observer Me" method's a whole lot better, but I'm not God.  Yet.  So I'll have to depend on the kindness of sistahs, and the fallibility of reflective surfaces, and the faces of passing bladers to mirror back to me what I hope I'm putting out, process it all and believe what feels right.  I guess.  Having said that,   Do I look fat in this?