I Can See Clearly Now  I went to a psychic today.  She was recommended to me an amazing new force in my life.  I knew I wanted to talk to someone about all the weirdness going on in my life, all of the strange coincidences and quirky manifestations that have been taking place recently.  I wanted to get a different perspective, a higher perspective.  I wanted to make sense of all the little patterns in the ground and find out if they were all part of   something larger .  I went to the right place.  Her studio in the West 30s was calm and white, with Chinese temple incense burning.  We sat facing each other in folding chairs by a huge window.  She turned on the tape recorder, so I could listen to it all later, started with a prayer and began:  "You are a soul of great power.  That is without question.  The question is how do you choose to use your power?"  What a way to start the session!  Wow.  That was worth the money right there.  She went on to discuss that the choice of using my power referred not only to myself, both inward and outward, but also to my interaction with and bearing on the world.  The image was given to me of a tree.  I was encouraged to think of myself as a powerful, old oak tree.  It's strength doesn't come from it's outward activities, but from it's stillness and longevity.  A tree doesn't need to demonstrate its strength it just  is .  And the longer it  is , the stronger and deeper its roots grow.  She was being guided to show me this as a symbol of the ancient energies which comprise who I am now, to give me that image to focus on, to center myself.  Also, she described a recent wanderlust, a feeling that I needed to move somewhere to regain my strength, and thus the image of this tree, growing strong exactly where it is.    She talked about all the lives I've lived in just these 38 years.  Interesting, since I know I've struggled, but not comparatively.  But then she started to talk about other lives, past ones, and that fascinated me.  She again described my soul as "ancient."  She spoke of several lives in Africa, one in particular where I was a healer.  In that life I used magic and bones to bring about the healing that I did.  The bones were ornamental but also spiritual.   "Don't be surprised if, in this life, you become attracted to bones, and collect them in your house."   Well, my friends, I do love the bones.  I've had over the years a couple of silver skull earrings (one had a moveable jaw which I adored) and, just this past New Year's Eve, I bought a silver necklace of small skulls to wear for the changing of the year.  I also have a few other skull/boney things in my house.  This lady's good.  She also told me that I'd had lives on the water and by the water, working on ships, and one particular life in Hawaii.  A spiritual connection to the ocean and the islands.  I've never been to Hawaii (I'm waiting for   someone  to take me), but being on or near the ocean has always been really nourishing to me.  Growing up near the Gulf of Mexico, that calm, flat water didn't really interest me.  But when I finally saw the wild ocean...I could've stared at it for days.  And when I've worked on ships, especially crossing the Atlantic, I'd always be drawn out to the decks at night, always with an old, familiar feeling of calmness near, yet enormous respect for, the vastness of the ocean.  Maybe this is true for everyone, but whenever I'm troubled, I always take a long walk by whatever body of water is closest and work things out.  Now that I think of it, my bike rides of late are never in the park are they?  The park's just a couple of blocks away.  Nope, I need to ride by the river.  "So you have in past life, more than once, been in a position of authority, been in a leadership role, been a king.  And the feeling here is...so you're in this incarnation now and something in you has great expectations, 'cause you've done great things before, and when those expectations aren't met quickly, part of you gets disappointed quickly, you're expectations are dashed, and then your emotions may sink or dive."  Gosh, don't we all wanna hear this?  I always felt I was Anne of Cleves.  But seriously, folks...  It makes sense to me.  I almost always end up in charge.  I almost always make the decisions.  And I almost always grow impatient when the results don't match my expectations.  Then again, maybe she was calling me a control queen.  Hey, stop laughing or I'll send you to   The Tower .   She talked of one more past life, a life in the desert, where I and two others "got rid of" someone.  I walked away from it clean and, in fact, prospered as a merchant in that lifetime.  However I carried that with me throughout that life and have some of it with me in this life.  The lesson, it seems, is that when these ethical/moral questions come up in this life, I really only need to come clean to myself.  I don't need to broadcast or discuss it, as long as I'm honest with myself.  Then I can move on and be free.  All I can tell you is that it makes sense to me.  The smallest example of this is, if I go into a store and browse but don't buy anything, I always think I'm going to be accused of shoplifting.  Odd, huh?  Does anybody else every have that feeling?  Anyway, that echoes throughout my life and it's interesting to have it brought up to me in this way.  We then began to focus on now:  "The summer's pretty hectic, it's pretty whacky.  There's a lot of, umm, energy that's kind of churning, and moving, and changing.  September.  We come to September, and here we find some solidity and, um, a real positive vibration.  I find you standing in September and some, actually a good bit of the static and just sort of chaotic energy that surrounds you has settled down."  Hallelujah, Sister!  Also in September, my focus on basic, day-to-day activity begins to really pay off.  I'm assuming that means attending to the details of daily life and trusting in that simplicity, rather than being overwhelmed by it and doing nothing.  She felt that these daily mundane tasks would also help make me stronger physically.  Again, makes sense to me.  December, she told me, will be blue skies and smooth sailing.  Perhaps literally.  Also she saw me engaged in the thing that I want to be doing, a great feeling of "flow."  Beyond that, she saw me, in 2002, engaged in very intense periods of work, followed by a passage of time where there was a lapse between projects, where things are calm.  Sounds like an acting career, no?  The work that she sees coming will be based on my growing knowledge of myself, as determined by myself, rather than my previous identity that I allowed to be defined by others.  She saw me connected with California (can anyone say Blogstalker!  The Series?), and also connections travelling across the country before reaching California, perhaps around Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada.   "There're some people in there that you connect with...that proves significant for you."    A lot of this reading kept coming back to centering and grounding myself, and how everything good for me would flow from that.  To be almost stubbornly centered.  And that the karma for money to flow into my life, a great deal of money, was in place, but that (a) I need to persevere and (b) that the source of all that money would be unexpected.  Sounds promising.  A very surprising thing she told me was that I should give myself time, even though I feel that I don't have enough time -- that's a myth I've created for myself.  All the areas I want to branch out into, all the things I want to accomplish, might take time, but I have plenty of it.  It's not that I feel old at 38, but I do feel that I've wasted so much time and how much longer will I actually have to get done what I want to get done.  Time is on my side and I shouldn't be in a hurry.  Remember that the next time I'm late to meet you...  Sitting opposite me, with her eyes closed, and with a very palpable energy flowing between us, she know lifts up one hand and moves the other over the flattened palm, miming writing:  There might be some writing....I'm impressed with some creative activity, and some of it is, like, fledgling work.  And just give it time, give it time, let it grow.  It will."  "I feel something really interesting is gonna happen to you this summer.  But it really has to do with your relationship to yourself.  It's very interesting, it has to do with umm, kind of a shadow falling away.  I feel it has to do with you overcoming a fear.  Letting go of some part of your past.  And I feel it's gonna happen through the people that walk into your life...it's kind of a wake up!"    Guess that would be you, kids.  At this point, she opened the session up and I asked about my money issues.  I said that, oddly enough, I could manifest other things in my life, but the money thing had become more and more illusive and frustrating.  She asked if I felt that I was really manifesting the "other" stuff, and I said I did.  "Well," she said, "you're the magician, so you're creating both.  Let me ask you, what kind of attitude did you grow up with surrounding money."  And, of course, I saw it.  Or heard, it really.  My mother's voice:  "You're no good at handling money and that's why you'll never have any."  I mean, jeez...how had I forgotten  that ?   "That history is really catching up to you, you need to release that.  You need to go to the library and get a book on banishing rituals and really do a ritual in your apartment.  Banish the whole poverty mentality.  And you can do it, you've done it in other lives, you can do it in this one."  While I'm sure there's a lot of eyerolling in Blogdom right now, this actually felt/feels very, very right to me.  I don't think I'm gonna light a candle, clap my hands and wake up on a big pile of money.  But I think it'll definitely signal to myself and the Universe that I'm done with those voices, I'm done being poor, and serve as a reminder to retrain my thinking.  She referred me to   Barbara Biziou , the ritual guru, who lives in New York.  But whether I go to the guru or just get her book and do it myself, this is something that makes a lot of sense to me.  After all, my   pool dream  changed my perspective, why shouldn't this?   We talked about more practical ways to manifest this as well, by not engaging in a poverty mentality.  Everyone talks about how broke they are, etc.  She suggested that I don't talk about money at all for awhile, with anyone, and I'm going to work at that.  Also I'm to visualize myself with lots of money, taking care of my needs, having fun with it, taking care of friends...drawing in a prosperous mentality.  I'll let you know what happens.  Maybe I'll buy you something pretty...  We talked about a few other things, my career, my relationships, but it all really came back to getting this poverty mentality out of my head.  The paths would begin to clear to everything else.  I could run into someone on the street who invites me to grab a bite with them.  Today I probably wouldn't go...no cash.  But if I get rid of that condition, I might say yes to dinner and who knows where that path would lead?  While I write this, I realize that the concrete issue of the poverty mentality has bled into all the crevices of my life, creating poverty of creativity, of spirit.  I have some steps I can take that make sense to me now, a way to begin to clear that debris from my path.  Maybe it seems simplistic for you, but to those of us who overcomplicate their worlds, it's a blessing.  I felt my energy change in that room.  She remarked on it, too.  I feel clearer on some things, and hopeful about all of it and I can't wait to get started.  Now things are gonna get  really  interesting...