Dear Robbo  I know you're out on the Island this week, and I probably won't send this to you anyway, but I had to let you know I was thinking about you.  I've been biking just about every morning down the Hudson, trying to shed some of this weight that I know you wouldn't approve of, but also 'cause it feels fucking great.  My body's moving, the wind is nice, I've gotten great color...   Any way, I decided that some tunes might make the ride even better, so I dug through a bag of old tapes and found some of those dance music tapes you used to make for us.  Remember?  That was before Mikey, when you used to like dance music with lyrics (don't worry, I ever say that out loud at the Pavilion or Raymond Dragon...it would ruin your rep).  So I found this tape with your handwriting on the label "Fabulation III" and I pop it in the Walkman and head off.  Wow.  I mean every single song made me think of you!  It's funny that I associate you with just about all of mid-90s Happy House.  I guess Tommy was right, we really  did  go out every single weekend.  No wonder people used to ask us that infuriating question:  "Are you two together?"  I still laugh about that time in Ptown when we marched back to the porch of that guesthouse to correct the boys sitting out there.  And that stewardess for British Air at Heathrow that asked if we were twins.  We even acquired the same laugh.  So...the tape.  Here's some of what was on it:  M People "Renaissance (I'm Coming Home)" -- The night M People played the Palladium, probably my second time ever taking E (which we still called X).  We danced up close to the stage all night long so we'd have a good spot when they finally came on.  And me, not a big concert goer, but rolling so nicely that I was actually waving my hands in the air and singing along every time they got to the phrase "to your house" and trying to get you to join me.  Heather Smalls even grabbed my hand at one point and you were SO impressed.  That was also the night that, coming down the main stairs, we got to the bottom and both decided that the lights inset in each step were WAY too fabulous and Dreamgirls and we ran up the stairs so we could walk down them again, but slower.  When we left we walked uptown, feeling the breeze and not talking, until somewhere around Madison Square Park I asked aloud, "Was I really waving my hand in the air shouting 'to your house?'" and we both fell on the sidewalk laughing.  "Sky High" -- I have no idea who remixed this. We were in London, staying at that ratty President Hotel, coming home every morning with the sun (watching the cruisers in Russell Square having a good wank) and up a couple of hours later for our English breakfast and out to sight-see.  God, we planned that trip  so well , and everyone thought we were so anal (okay, maybe we were).  But we got a lot done during the day and partied every night.  So we walked into G.A.Y., onto the second floor, getting our bearings, and you're talking to me about how the space reminded you of Octagon and isn't that guy over there staying at our hotel and all I can hear coming from every speaker is  "You, you've blown it all sky high, by telling me a lie..."  and I interrupt you with "Blah, blah, blah MUST DANCE!" and we race downstairs to the dance floor, laughing and getting strange looks from the Brits.  That's the night you met Adam Heath who "tasted of apples" (you hoped I'd forgotten that, right?).  "Not Enough Love" -- God, I'd just broken up with That Bartender.  I felt so free.  We were somewhere odd, maybe Twilo?, Susan was spinning.  I heard this song and couldn't get it out of my head.  Sang it on the subway.  Sang it at dinner.  You commented, "It makes you feel sassy, doesn't it?" And everytime we'd hear it, we'd find each other and make the sassy face.  Which reminds me of our dancefloor sign language, of which I can, at the moment, only recall the symbol for "You Can't Leave With Him, He'll Take You Home, Cut Off Your Head And Boil It In A Pot."    "A Perfect Day" -- I think this song came out the last time we all went to Provincetown as a family.  We had that bonfire on Race Point, we were there for sunset and, being a Virgo, I made sure it was the first night of the full moon so it rose up over us big and white.  We'd spent the day at Herring Cove, you and Tommy through ice at me to keep from singing along with the cast album of "Applause" that a local radio station was airing.  All of us nicely browned from the sun, in our matching sweatshirts with our big initials on them, mellowed out after burgers and s'mores, leaning back in the cool sand all in a pile with our backs against those logs, the fire blazing and listening to the lyrics:  "Such a perfect day, I'm glad I spent it with you."   And speaking of lyrics and Ptown, I almost fell off my bike when I heard this next one:  "These Sounds Twirling"  -- Must've been our first summer up there.  Out on the dance floor of the A-House.  Probably mildly twisted.  We actually thought (okay, I probably planted the seed) that the lyrics were  "Ptown boogie all the tiiiiiiiime."   It made us sooo happy!  Every time it came on we'd lose our minds just a little more.  I'm glad no one told us, until That Bartender's evil co-worker said, "you boys know the lyrics are really "these sounds twirling through my miiiiiiind."  We pretended not to be embarrassed.  And everytime that song came on after that, we still sang our version defiantly...and laughed.  M People (again) "Open Up Your Heart" -- This must've been our first White Party.  You'd just broken up with Scott, I'd just broken up with Peter, we were young, we were single, we were wearing white, and  man , did we think we were cool.  Eddie and Ricardo were in from Boston, Tommy was still going out dancing with us.  I don't think we left the floor for four hours.  But when this came one we came from our various activities and corners of the dance floor like white blood cells and clumped together in a big hug fest until it was all over.  Seems like so long ago, but it's really only about six years.  I guess I could just keep going, but none of it's funny to anyone but us.  Funny how I've missed you for the past couple of years, even though I still see you.  I still see or hear something that makes me wanna call you at work and tell you, but I don't have your work number memorized any more.  Probably you'd be busy, anyway, you're busy a lot these days.  Or you'll tell me about who's in your house, who you and Mikey "did" this weekend, how twisted you got.  I guess I'm a little bitter about the fact that Mikey's taken you away from us and into that whole Professional Chelsea Boy thing.  Not that I'm judging.  Much.  To be fair, some of those things that seemed so important to us then have changed as much for me as they have for you.  And of course I still love you, you were my brother, my  sistah .  I wonder sometimes if you think of all of the gut-wrenching laughter we used to induce in each other; and if you do, do you smile or does it embarrass you?  'Cause it makes me smile, like it did today.  Okay, one more (I can't resist).  How 'bout: "United We Stand" -- A couple of years ago, Pier Dance.  Hadn't really seen you all day, I was dancing/babysitting Davey and Grandma, Ray and Tom, B & J were there, too.  Tommy had just flown in from Atlanta and had the cab take him right there.  You were dancing with Mikey and some of his (I guess  your ) friends a few feet away.  Then this song comes on and I've got my eyes closed, feelin' the words, feelin' the bass, feelin' the breeze.  I open my eyes and through the crowd I see you smiling at me.  Our arms go up at the same time and our hands clasp tightly, above the swaying bodies.  I laugh and so do you.  We sing the words at each other, even though we can't make out each other's voices over the noise.    "United we stand, divided we fall,  And if our backs should ever be against the wall,  We'll be together Together, you and I"   Our hands hold tight together as long as they can, but finally the sweat and the bodies pull us apart.  But I still see you across the crowd in that summer twilight, smiling back at me.  Aww, hell...I'm gonna go play ABBA's "Thank You For The Music" on your answering machine...