Pride (A Deeper Love)  I seem to be absenting myself from all of our Pride doings this year.  Usually I love the whole thing: the parade with friends, brunchy something after, the Pier Dance, the fireworks with the appropriately maudlin music, going to one of our apartments for showering/changing, and then some after party to dance until the next afternoon.  I love being with my friends, the altered states, the sweaty dancing.  I even love the moment of silence at 2pm so I can remember all those amazing, vibrant souls that I still carry around inside of me.  But this year I don't have much interest.  It's true that I don't feel like I'm in the best shape and there's an awful lot of flesh to be bared.  And it's true that that damn Pier Dance was so damned crowded last year because of the counterfeit tickets (which they say has been solved this year).  It's true my little band of brothers has, well, dissipated through bad marriages, new jobs, and sobriety.  But I think there's something else.  I think it's ceased to be fun.  Or maybe  I've  ceased to be fun.  I've been asked to march with the nice folks of VaxGen, the AIDS vaccine trials that I take part in, but I've marched other years and I'd really rather watch (this only refers to parades, you pervs).  JP bought a ticket to the big Caligula party and he wants me to go, but do I want to?  I will not be ingesting the requisite chemicals so I won't be on the same wavelength (and I'm all about wavelength), have no interest in facing the Body Fasciti so I probably won't be ingesting the requisite boys, I haven't heard a lyric on the dance floor in NYC for quite some time, so dancing won't be so groovy (I like to mouth lyrics and act them out), and while I love hanging out with JP, he'll be on some boy within the hour and I'll be dancing next to them like a maiden aunt.    If there were a big, warm, fun group going out, if it was still just about that, I think I'd be there.  Or maybe if I was all partnered up I'd have someone to enjoy it with.  Ah, that's it, isn't it?  It's not that I'm not fun, this Pride thing (actually the whole going out/pseudo circuit thing) is, for me, a group activity, a family vacation.  I want to be a part of that group again, to spend time with people because we just adore each other, not as a waystation to the next boy/drug/event.  Blogging brings me clarity once again.  I might go 'round to the parade, maybe take Dex (see if we can't kick in his alleged Boy Magnet once and for all).  But I've been invited out to the Pines to my friends' house and I'm thinking that's the way to go.  All the self-respecting homos with agendas will be partying their asses off in Manhattan and I can enjoy the beach without having to suck it in for asthetic purposes.  And I'll remember my folks on a wide expanse of deserted beach...they'll probably like that.  This year, maybe I'll even include everyone who's gone from my life but still alive.  Maybe I'll even forgive a few of 'em.  I guess this is all part of my recent life upheaval/transformation.  It doesn't freak me out, or even bum me out.  LIke everything else in my life right now, it's like a curious stone that I'm picking up and turning over; examining.  Some of them I'll put in my pocket and some of them I'll skip out over the water.  I guess this year Pride (but not  pride ) gets skipped...wonder if they'll miss me?