Boozy Ol' Showgirl  My Gawd,  dahlings , what a weekend.  Shows and booze, booze and shows.  But no boys.  On Friday night, I embarked on an East Village pub crawl with   Michael , a fellow blogger, and his sexy friend Rick (not Nick, who's apparently someone else).  We had a quick drink at Rick's East Village pad where we tried to sort out the weather patterns of Auckland (to no avail), then headed out to WonderBar.  It was far too crowded and full of undesirables, so we decided to try Starlight.  Also, too crowded.  We ended up settling at the Phoenix.  I like the Phoenix.  It's low maintenance and there's a good jukebox.  Michael was beginning to fade and I had promised to meet JSquared at The Cock, so I bid Michael and Rick goodbye.  The Cock was fairly crowded and JSquared was already at work on his Mandarin and 7-Up (the 21st Century's replacement for a Sloe Gin Fizz, in my opinion).  I was at work on my third Citron & Tonic.  We chatted with friends, browsed the lounge in the back, downed another drink or two, and headed home.  Saturday afternoon, I was invited to the matinee of "  Bells Are Ringing " before its closing on Sunday.  I'm so glad I did.  Faith Prince is just a Big Broadway Star.  There's no one like her.  She's fun, funny, quirky and she can break your heart with one bat of those luscious lashes.  I've always been in love with her.  After her big   Eleven O'clock Number  "I'm Goin' Back" the applause was so extended and exhuberant that they couldn't get the show restarted for about 10 minutes.  Faith was so moved.  I was sitting close enough to see her on the verge of tears, it's been such an emotional journey for her, and a few minutes into this ovation, Beth Fowler, who was standing behind Faith onstage, stepped a little closer to her and put her hand on the small of Faith's back to steady her.  "Bells" is a terrific show and, even with its problems, deserved a longer, happier run than this.  But I was glad I got to see it.  I sat with JP and his mother and step-father and, at intermission, while we were stretching our legs, I spotted my stalker sitting a few rows behind us, all the way house left.  Yes, the Blogstalker has a stalker of his own.  Well, had.  Has.  Whatever.  I haven't talked about him much, nor will I now, but it's always disconcerting to see him (though he no longer approaches me, having learned the hard way what a bad idea that really is).  Saturday night, my old friend from LA (Peter and I shared him in the divorce), Rupert (a noted television writer), wanted to see our newest watering hole,   XL .  I'm not a huge fan of Chelsea bars anymore, but I still adore Chelsea alcohol.  And there is something kinda   Logan's Run  about XL (even if I end up feeling like   Peter Ustinov  rather than    Michael York).  At any rate, I let Rupert take in the ever-changing wall colors, the toothsome (if hairless) bartenders, and even the fish in the bathroom.  But after a couple of drinks we longed for the sight of real men and decided to wend our way to, yes, the East Village.  Rupert, being an Angelino, insisted we hop in a cab, so we ended up at the Boiler Room a little too early.  The good news was there was a clear path to the bar.  My favorite bartender, a long-haired biker daddy wasn't working, but I drank just the same.  Rupert had a hankering to visit a skanky bar we'd been to a few years ago that I was positive had closed but for which he'd seen a recent advertisement, a placed called I.C.Guys.  I remember it being about as big as my bathroom, where they served only beer in cans and every few minutes a barely-legal wisp of a boy would hop on a crate in baggy   Underoos  and do a desultory little dance.  Not of it appealed (especially the no-vodka policy) but one must occasionally cater to one's out-of-town guests.  Mercifully, I.C.Guys is C.L.Osed, so we continued on to WonderBar.  This time it wasn't too packed, the music was good, and so we stayed for a drink.  Well, actually I drank, Rupert was switching to bottled water, which concerned me mightily, as you might imagine.  It seems Rupert had accidentally ingested some sort of happiness-inducing tablet (I forget what he called   it ).  It made me wanna drink more.  So I did.  Off, off, off we were to our next stop, Starlight, a mellower, loungy lounge.  I ran into a group of friends, including Alberto and his boyfriend Mark.  We chatted, I drank, and Rupert began to kick in.  I have to say, I was a little jealous.  Jealousy, of course, makes me thirsty.    Now, Rupert, having grown up in Indiana and now living in Los Angeles, has a fascination for Brooklyn boys.  Dark haired, beefy, Brooklyn-accent and, preferably chewing gum with his mouth open.  He found one in Starlight, but soon found him dull and requested that we press on.  I said goodnight to my friends and wove our way to the Phoenix.  Have I mentioned I like the Phoenix?  Well, I do.  The bartender tonight was a former co-worker of a bartender that I dated for awhile when they both were slinging gin over to the Barracuda, so we got our first round free.  Yes, he gave us two Citron & Tonics.  What's that you say?  You're absolutely right, Rupert  is  only drinking water.  Well, I guess I'll just down these myself.  There was lots to look at in this bar.  One very cute boy who kept walking slowly by us was especially cute and, I thought, interested in Rupert.  But the minute Rup went downstairs to the bathroom, the boy came over and introduced himself to me.  Adrian.  Yo.  Shorter than me, pretty dark bluish-green eyes, nice hair, tight body, but I could tell it was doomed from the start.  Adrian is a musician, writes, sings, plays.  But not in front of people, not yet.  Instead he runs a hair salon.  Why, I ask, are gay men so predictable?  Adrian, as it turns out, is also 24.  Run Logan5...the Old Man will only try to drag you to the City of Domes!  We chatted for a bit and, to his credit, didn't just give the standard, "I've gotta run to the bathroom" line, but instead stuck out his hand and said it was nice to meet me.  Why, I ask, are gay men so unpredictable?  Rupert meanwhile, was sniffing around another gum-chewer, until he heard him talk and the decision was quickly made to change venues.  So then, to The Cock.  Why, I ask, am I so predictable?  The Cock was hopping (that sounds dirty, doesn't it?).  Great music, as usual, boys we knew and boys we didn't, and, mostly importantly to me tonight, vodka.  Freshly armed, we strolled about, listening in on conversations, catching up on each others lives (our variously abused substances making us rather chatty).  Rupert decided to do a Love Lap on his own, so I gave him space by making one in the opposite direction.  There in the back lounge were Alberto and Mark.  After a bit (and another vodka) I decided I should probably check on my little tripping pal (and maybe pee), so I excused myself and went to do a little search of the bar.  I think this is where I noticed that someone had replaced my shoes with some sort of footwear made entirely of   Weebles .  Mercifully, Weebles wobble, but the don't fall down.  I after successfully navigating the treachorously flat floor, I found Rup sitting on the dark banquette engaged in some sort of gum-chewing exchange.  Knowing that he was in good, umm, hands, I peed and returned to Alberto and Mark.  But only Alberto was left.  "Where's Mark?"  "Oh, he's out there," Alberto said with a casually wave of the back of his hand towards an ever-growing cluster of young men in the middle of the back lounge.  "I think he's sucking face with some Asian guy he met earlier."  Oh.  Well.  As I leaned against the wall taking in that information, even more information came to me.  "You know I've always thought you were really sexy," Alberto confessed.  I tried to come up with some sort of response but couldn't make my tongue work.  No...wait...that's not  my  tongue, that's  Alberto's  tongue.  My poor vodka-logged thought processors were trying to match this up to reality, but were slow to react, making me seem complicit.  It's not that Alberto's not adorable, he certainly is.  But he's not  my  type of adorable.  Plus, he's got a boyfriend and I don't picnic in that park anymore.  I extricated myself, I hope gracefully (I guess I'll find out by the reception I get at the gym next time I see them).  About this time, Rupert ambled up with his latest gum-chewer, a nice boy from Chile.  "I have to be up early for my flight, so I'm going back to my hotel."  "Umm, Ruppie, you're not staying in a hotel."  "I am now," he said impishly, giving me a peck on the cheek and a warm hug.  "I'll call you from L.A." and off he went to improve our relations with South America.  It was my cue to go as well.  I was now faaaaar past the drinky-winky point that any sane 38-year-old should reach.  All I wanted was a fast taxi, a cool bedroom and a warm puppy.  Easier said than done.  There were no cabs for me.  I walked from Avenue A and 13th Street to Sixth Avenue and 25th Street before I found a cab.  Along the way I did manage to find two McRib Jr. sandwiches, a Diet Coke, and some sort of Sour Apple Twizzler-esque candy.  Don't ask (wouldn't do you any good anyway).  I made it home, took the Dex outside, fell into bed and slept the sleep of the tragically vodkaed.  Sunday?  The final performance of   A Class Act .  My pal Patrick got me tickets to see the final performance of this quirky show (I had also seen the gypsy run-through).  It was, for so many reasons, a really touching performance.  This cast has stuck together through a lot of crap and really made this material personal and interesting and touching.  Lonny Price, the writer, director, and start, actually checked himself out of the hospital to perform these songs for the last time.  Backstage was packed after, and as usual, I was asked what I was up to; what was I in.  Trouble, I answered blithely and moved on.  I'm so glad I didn't miss this last performance, even if I had to sit in the middle of a pack of poorly-dressed, ill-informed, unmannered yahoos from the provinces who apparently believe that the theatre is the perfect place to prop your feet up on the back of the chair in front of you, chat it up, and eat sunflower seeds (depositing the husks on the floor).  Why, I ask you, are yahoos so predictable?  All in all, not a bad weekend.  I successfully managed to avoid a hangover, meaningless sex, ruining any friendships, damaging insights, most of the Puerto Rican parade, meaningless crying jags, being hacked to death by my stalker, indigestion, answering direct questions about my career, breaking up any relationships, and Valium.  Who could ask for anything more?