Dance Like No One's Watching    This prom  took place last night on Long Island.  Wow.  Saw it on the news last night, including interviews with some of the kids and, well, it made me kinda misty.    I went to my 9th grade prom alone.  I went because I was part of the student council that had organized it and I was the only one with any taste that could organize the decorations, etc.  I rented an all white tux, I danced with no one, made myself busy with pretend errands, and  had my picture taken with Mrs. Kaat, my English teacher (at her request).  My mother dropped me off and picked me up after -- went straight home.  There was a big Led Zepplin concert at Tampa Stadium that night and traffic was terrible so I was stuck in a Gremlin in a white tux and my mother, surrounded by redneck headbangers in pickups with Confederate flags and gun racks.  Yay prom night.  The next school dance I went to was a   Sadie Hawkins dance  in my junior year of high school, and I was asked by a girl in chorus, Deanna, to be her date.  I guess she had a crush on me.  I said yes 'cause she was a senior but non-threatening.  We wore overalls and plaid shirts, maybe danced twice (with other people in a circle and  definitely  not touching), went to Denny's after...it was horrendous.  I had no idea what to do with a girl, nor did I care.  I kept looking at Joe Johnson's ass in his tight white overalls with no shirt and that curled up cowboy hat.  I can barely picture Deanna's pimply-but-sweet face, but I can vividly recall every outfit Joe Johnson wore to school.  He sat in front of me in Biology and once asked me how long our half-hour reading break was gonna be.  I loved him, I did.  My senior prom I didn't attend at all.  I knew I was being voted "Most Talented" or some nonsense, but I didn't need them to tell me that back then (I could use it now, though...think it's still sitting on a shelf somewhere?).  I think I was doing a show at the time (community theatre, of course) and also by this time I'd wised up:  I didn't belong there and I wasn't going to pretend to.  Of course, by this time Mac and I had been "dating" for about a year.  I met him through some mutual friends who went to a different high school across town.  One night we left   Farrell's  (at   WestShore Plaza  ...important later, as you'll see) and piled into a couple of cars to go to "  The Rocky Horror Picture Show ."  Mac announced that I was riding shotgun in his car and so I did.  It's funny, but twenty-something years later, I remember us looking at each other in the front seat of his mother's white Buick and making some some sort of silent agreement with our eyes...we were co-conspiritors in something we didn't have a name for but excited us all the same.  We sat next to each other during the movie as well, and my left hand found his right soon after the lights went down.  I couldn't wait until we could drop everyone else off, which we did, then made our way to the second level of the parking garage at WestShore.  I don't think I've ever been that excited in my life and, y'know what?  I'd give anything to relive that night again.  I was in his arms, he was in mine and nobody was telling us it was wrong.  I'm pretty sure we both fell in love that night; I know I did.  We saw each other every chance we got.  I remember the two of us sitting under the same rain pancho at a football game, our head sticking out of the same hood.  People just thought we were "  wild and crazy guys " (if they could've only seen our hands!).  He also talked me into letting his drama club use my   Triumph Spitfire convertible  (did I mention I was an only child?) as a float in their homecoming parade (without telling me that the they were playing my high school until we started to round the bend to that side).  Sure, we had a lot of teenage sex (and many times at the second floor of the WestShore parking garage), but we also made each other laugh a lot and we cared about each other.    So I guess it's fitting that we took to of our friends from our debating club (actually,   NFL , so we were geeks) to his prom.  We danced for awhile (in a circle, of course), took our dates to Friday's after, dropped them off, then we broke into my father's house (he was out of town, or something) and fooled around on his king-sized bed.  Now that's a prom night.  If only it had been okay for me to hold his hand in public, to dance with Mac, instead of Vivian, under that mirrorball at that prom.  Would we still be together?  Would he still be alive?  Who knows...  I think those kids are damn lucky.  I also think they've got balls to attend something like that and talk on tv about it.  I can't wait until there's not a separate prom for 'em.  Oh, one side note (and don't let it make you sad, really).  At Mac's memorial service, I was feeling really strange about being there, with his mother whom I hadn't seen in years (and who was convinced I'm made Mac gay...as if) and his current lover of many years, etc., feeling like even though we'd seen each other over the years, I'd never gotten to tell him how much he'd meant to me and to apologize for things I'd needed to (he hadn't told anyone he was sick and he certainly didn't tell anyone he was in the hospital).  So I was sitting off to the side feeling a little sorry for myself, but started talking with a really nice woman.  I asked her how she'd known Mac and she told me that she'd been one of his doctors during his last hospital stay, but had gotten very attached to him (not hard to do).  She told me how she'd stay with him when the meds kept him awake, sometimes all night long, and listened to his stories.  Then she asked how I'd known him.  I said we'd been friends together in high school but we sorta lost touch and that made this all the sadder.  She asked my name and I told her.  She said "Oh, I know all about you...he talked about you a lot, actually."  I honestly thought she was just being nice about it, that maybe he'd mentioned my name.  We talked some more and, when it was time to leave, she grabbed both of my hands and made me look her in the eye and said to me, "You were his first love, you know."  I guess she saw me wanting to believe it, but that I didn't quite, and then she said:   "Next time you're in Tampa, why don't you stop by the second floor parking garage of WestShore and say goodbye to it for him."