Around The World In 180 Degrees  Something's shifted.  I'm different than I was this time last week.  Not-so-subtly different, but I can't exactly put my finger on it either.  While the problems are still with me, the hopelessness is gone.  My perspective's done a 180 (as the rednecks I grew up with would say...if they had perspectives).  First and foremost, I've been waking up.  This is big, since I've been known to sleep until 1 or 2 pm, followed by brunch and a nap.  But for the past few days I've been waking up and staying up, alert and, goddess forbid, with a sense of humor.  I realized this last night when I looked at Dex slumbering on the floor next to my desk.  "What're you so tired for?" I asked him.  Then I realized that the long afternoon nap he'd been accustomed to taking together had been cut out.  Well, I thought, that's because I've been getting more sleep.  But that's not true either because, while I've been going to sleep around 2am as per usual, I've been waking up at 9:30.  Not just waking up, getting up.  The last two days I've woken up before the alarm, turned off the alarm instead of hitting snooze, enjoyed a little morning snuggle with Dex, gotten up and dressed, walked the boy, made and consumed a healthy breakfast, then hopped on the Big Orange Bike for an hour's   ride along the Hudson  (with only a third the usual pedestrian rage).  After my ride I've been working out, then meeting someone for coffee or lunch, then off to Temp Hell (where I haven't been particularly cranky either).  Come home from work, clean or pack or do laundry, maybe meet a friend for a drink, etc., then to bed and actual sleep.  There's no time for napping and, more astonishingly, I haven't been aching for it.  And I guess that means that I haven't hated being conscious.  Well, okay.  But why?  What changed?  What caused the change?  How do I sustain it?  How do I   kick it up a notch ?  I. Don't. Know.  I'm still a month and a half behind on rent and I don't know where that money's gonna come from.  My job at The Evil Empire is gonna end any second now, we all know it (although as the only temp, I fear it more than the others who work here who'll get lovely severance packages).  And then there's the weird thing that happened at the gym.  All of these things seem to threaten this recent and (in my mind) tenuous positive change in my life.  So, what I think I have to... what?   Oh. Yeah.  Well, something odd happened at the gym.  Anyway, I think that I have to now... what?   No, I don't think I can talk about it because I don't know exactly what it means.  Good point -- when  has  that stopped me?  Alright, here's the weird thing that happend at the gym:  A couple of nights ago, I'm working out.  Chest and tris.  I'm hating the mirrors because it's now obvious that, during my lengthy depression, seeking comfort in the Holy Trinity (  Wendy's ,   Ben & Jerry ) has not done my body good.  An 18-wheeler with a flat would cheer up if it   saw me coming .  But I'm lifting hard, 'cause muscle burns fat.  Okay.  I'm not even looking around between sets because (a) I don't want anyone I know to see me while I'm this hefty and (2) I don't want anyone I don't know to see me while I'm this hefty.  But sometimes I can't help myself, things catch my eye.  And I see, across the room, one of my all-time gym favorites (you see where this is going, right?).    I can't say I really have a type (a slut is easily pursuaded) but if I had to choose, 75% of all the men I'm most attracted to fit into this category: dark, Italian-esque, beefy rather than lean, my height, furry, with a little something edgy about them.  This boy has it in spades.  He's never looked at me.  That's right, boys and girls, until this evening...  I'm doing tricep pull downs with the rope thingy while he's at the machine next to me doing bicep curls.  He's kinda looking at me when he thinks I can't see him, but I can't determine the look -- interested or annoyed.  Then I catch him looking at me and he doesn't look away, although he doesn't acknowledge me either.  I'm not gonna set myself up, so I finish the triceps and go upstairs to shower and leave.  I'm not up there two minutes before Dream Boy shows up.  Coincidence, of course.  I get into my towel and decide, foolishly, to weigh myself.  His locker is just steps from the scale.  If there were any chance that he's actually looking at me  in that way , this'll turn him off, I think.  The only thing it changes is how deliberately he's undressing.  And folks, it's beautiful.  Really.  Munchy, the Ever Lovin' Love Snack.  Whatever, I'm gonna shower and get outta here.  I go into the little stall, pull my shower curtain as closed as it'll go.  But there's still a little crack open and through it I see Munchy Dream Boy.  He's at the shower next to mine, preparing his water temperature, but also peeking into my stall.  I'm unnerved.  I finish, pop into the steamroom for a sec, which is crowded, and try to breathe.  Who's in after me?  Who asks the guy sitting next to me to scoot over so he can sit next to me?  Who's furry leg artfully brushes mine?  Who's hand drops discreetly into his untoweled lap?  Who's looking at me with peripheral vision while I look at him with same?  I feel a little stirring, but I'm  so  not going there.  I go back to the showers, so does he.  I close my curtain, he does not.  I towel dry, he stares me down in the mirror opposite.  I go back to my locker to change, he saunters back to the steamroom giving me the eye all the way.  I get dressed and leave.  Why is that weird, you might ask?  Easy.  I could've fooled around with a Delicious Dream Boy and I didn't want it.  Well, no, I  wanted  it, but I didn't  just  want it.  And, dichotomous as it might sound, even though I'm feeling not great about the way I look, I didn't want to be thought of just sexually.  I guess I could've just tossed one off with him in the steamroom, would've been fine, but not satisfying.  I know what it's like, I've done it, it was great fun, but it was just one of those things.  I have no desire for sex right now.  None.  I have to make clear that I don't mean I'm not feeling sexual, I just don't want sex.  I've jerked off more in the past couple of days then I have in the past couple of months.  I want to be in a relationship very much, but I can't do that and get myself through the next few months.  And I want to be sexual with someone, very much, but I don't think I want it without some sense of also being wanted on another level.  Yeah, I know, normal people feel this all the time.  Excuse me, perhaps we haven't met:  I'm the Everlasting Blogstalker.  Normal doesn't exist here.  Validation through sex is usually accepted in these parts.  It's unsettling when the rules have changed, especially when it seems I'm the one that change them.  So I'm in a kind of   purgatory , but a pleasant purgatory.  I'm enjoying the sunshine and my dog, but I wonder how long it's gonna last.  It's a purgatory where I'm really unhappy with my physical state, but I'm loving eating well and working out and biking.  I guess I'm suspicious of my positive attitude, even though I'm not denying my problems.  Maybe it's not purgatory, maybe it's just homosexuality.  Doesn't matter, this is much better than craving a Clorox Cocktail, as I did last week.  Still, I wonder...what's next and how'm I gettin' there?