Dreamweaver  So last Saturday night, the night before the Tonys (did I mention I went to the Tonys?), I had a strange dream.  It makes no sense to me, so anyone with any insight into this whatsoever, let me hear from you.  I dreamt that I was in a Broadway show and was sharing my dressing room with a good friend of mine, a girl (not someone I actually know).  We were having a great time but somehow the entire cast got abducted by some producer-types mildly connected with our show.  The took us to a sort-of dirigible, like an ocean liner, but it floated gently in the air.  There were three of them holding us hostage, sometimes at gunpoint, and finally I decided that there were more of us than them and we were gonna turn the tables on them.  I organized my cast and we overtook our captors.  I personally pushed one of the evil ones over the prow of the air-ship(his name, I remember, was Ron, but wasn't nearly as cute as   this Ron ).    Almost as soon as we had control, a storm started brewing and none of us knew how to steer the ship.  There was thunder and lightning and we were tossed around for a bit, but I finally got us toward some land and some guys on the ground grabbed our mooring ropes and helped pull us in.  We didn't know where we were or what day it was, and the gentleman who had been so helpful, didn't speak English.  I seemed to understand that we were somewhere called Zeeland.  As the  de facto  leader of the group, I started walking a small group of us around to find out where we really were and to get word back to the States.  We walked up a main road and I saw a hotel with a shanty little petting zoo next to it and I remembered being there when I was on tour in Europe.  I got everyone settled into rooms and then I settled into mine to clean up before I headed off to try to call for help.  I figured a quick shower would make me look and feel better before I found the authorities.  I had a big suite, almost like a separate cottage, but it was very low-rent banana republic.  The shower itself was large, but bordered on two sides by jalousie windows.  I was showering for a few minutes before I noticed a shape outside one of the windows.  There was a very attractive man with long black hair watching me shower.  It startled me at first, and so I said "Hey!" which startled the man and he ran off.  I moved closer to the window to watch him run away, and then noticed that I could see the whole parking lot and there was a sort of carnival set up in it.  To my left was a small ferris wheel, and I could see some other rides as well.  Suddenly, but smoothly, the shower I was in became a sort of ride itself.  That's all I remember of this segment.  Next I was walking towards the part of town where I knew there'd be a police station.  On the way there, I passed a sort of plaza that had these concrete, futuristic umbrellas.  I remembered that on my last trip to Zeeland people had been lined up in this area to get their phone cards adjusted, etc.  I also remember one particular woman who had had a particular problem, arguing with the cashier.  I should mention at this point that Zeeland, while being a European country and, ostensibly German/Dutch speaking, looked far more like Panama, and the people looked Carribbean.  I came to the Police Station and the officer in charge while not being particularly interested in my story, was helpful enough to allow me to use his phone.  I turned to the desk next to the chair in which I was sitting, and couldn't figure out which of the items on the desk was the phone.  I reached towards a Rolodex looking item, but the officer instead flipped open a box, inside of which was an odd sort of dark turquoise-colored phone.  I tried a couple of times to make the call, but couldn't figure out how to make an outside call, and the officer assisted.  And that's all I remember of that segment.  When I got back to the room, the shot was from above and the entrance to my cottage was a more tropical version of, well (and I so hesitate to say this) Marilyn's entrance in "Something's Gotta Give."  Anyway.  So I get back into my room, and I notice that someone's been in there.  Then the bathroom door opens and a woman comes out.  I ask what she's doing in my room and she seems honestly confused about how she got there. Then we're somehow joined by two other women, one of whom is trying to show her clothing samples to the bathroom woman.  I'm tired from all the saving and leading I've been doing and so I finally ask these women to leave.  The clothing sample woman is miffed by this, but I don't feel bad because they shouldn't have been in my room conducting business.  As I get back into the room, I hear a knock on the door.  I figure it's the women again, but I go down a long hallway and open the door to find my entire cast, photographers flashing cameras, and cheering strangers.  It's very "Notting Hill."  My cast has come to collect me for a victory dinner before we head back home.  I say that I'm not quite ready to go, but I'll clean up and meet them there in a few minutes.  I have to stress that I don't feel at all caught unawares or nervous about having to get ready or about the photographers.  I just need time to dress and I'll catch up with them when I'm ready.  That's the whole dream.  Goofy, huh?  I mean, who dreams of being held hostage on a dirigible?  Apparently me.  So, what  does  that dream mean?