Flash Gordon Was There In Silver Underwear  So, the Rocky Horror Tony Party...  It was held in the new upstairs space at Studio 54.  Now, when I moved to New York in 1983, 54 was having its last gasp, but there were still lots of elements of the heydey...the same Moon with a Spoon over the dance floor, the fabled Halston Reception Room (aka the Men's Room), etc.  Now the show "Cabaret" uses the main floor and former dance floor areas.  This party space is upstairs where the bigger bathrooms and upstairs lounge was.  I knew Studio 54, and this was no Studio 54.  The ceiling is low and the dance floor is small.  But the I knew the bar would be open and I'd soon forget about 1983.  Indeed, I soon forgot my name.  Let's approach the velvet ropes, you and I.  My name's on the guest list, so come in with me, won't you?  There's JSquared right inside the door, holding an adult vodka beverage with my name on it.  A quick hug of congratulations and I'll down this drink on my way to the bar to get us fresh ones.  At the bar, in a wife beater and having a very, very intent conversation with a trashy blonde is Tony winner (for "Damn Yankees") and Rocky Horror's own Brad, Jerrod Emick.  Apparently this conversation has something to do with the various tastes of the inner ear, so we won't bother them.  I'll just grab our drinks and head back to the group.  JSquared is chatting with several friends of ours and a diminuitive sassy girl drinking a split of Mumm's with a straw.  JSquared says, "You remember Daisy Eagan, don't you?"  Well, of course I do.  The little Tony winner (for "The Secret Garden") stops sipping long enough to ask "How the fuck are ya?"  She and her boyfriend are a riot and we mock our fellow party guests for awhile.  I decide to take my life into my hands by venturing into a horde of Jersey Girlz who are hoarding the cheese squares, and bring back a stack for my group who tears into them like they'd never seen chunks o'cheddar before.  The kids decide to go off and dance but I'm not ready, so let's scan the room to see who else we know.  But first, we ought to refresh our vodka.  We squeeze our way back to the bar and, look there's Tony winner (for "The Life")Lillias White.  She's not happy with the bottles of water the bar has, "do you believe this?" she asks us, showing the bottle.  "It looks like an economy bottle of lube," I respond.  She considers this a moment and takes off with it.   I wonder if maybe there's something on the other side of the dance floor to nibble on other than cheese.  We're rewarded with the site of Sebastien LaCause (Rocky in "Rocky Horror") and his Ford model/law school student boyfriend.  Not the nibble we're looking for, but we feast our eyes for a second anyway.  Ah, there's a big plate of crudite just to the left.  The only thing standing between us and it is a hideous woman in a plaid skirt.  Wait, that's no woman, it's Christopher Malcolm in a kilt.  Christopher was the original Brad in the London "Rocky Horror" and also plays Edina's first husband and Saffie's father on "Absolutely Fabulous."  We don't know him but we compliment his legs anyway.  He's nice and kicks his leg up behind him.  The dance floor is heating up now.  Oddly enough, with a sophisticated Manhattan crowd the dj has chosen to play music more suited for a wedding hall in Queens, but there's JSquared out there and so we figure it couldn't hurt to dance to "Mickey" as long as everyone else is.  As we make it out to the center of the floor, the dj wisely slaps on the "Time Warp" and the crowd loses its mind.  Jonathan Sharp (he who earlier got Gwynneth Paltrow up to do this same dance at Radio City) whips his shirt off, as does his chiseled boyfriend.  Not to be outdone, Christopher Siebert (currently on Broadway as "Gaston" in "Beauty and the Beast" but also seen in "Triumph of Love" and, most embarrassingly, as father to the Olsen Twins in their last TV incarnation), unbuttons his shirt to reveal that all those extra muffins from craft service have been melted away to reveal a tasty bod.  The "Time Warp" has also brought to the dance floor Jessie Tyler Ferguson (from "On The Town") and Tony nominated choreographer Jerry Mitchell and his beau.  After getting this crowd really going, the dj segues into "I Love Rock 'n' Roll" by Joan Jett (who recently, infamously, walked out of the cast of "Rocky Horror").  Jordan Roth, Rocky's producer, turns to us and says, "I guess the dj doesn't read The Post."  Guess not.  The dance floor's a little crowded, don't you think?  And, ohmygoddess, our glasses our empty.  Back to the bar we go.  Hmmm, Daphne Rubin Vega (a Tony nominee as "Mimi" in "Rent" and "Rocky Horror"'s own "Magenta") snogging with some awfully tall boy (who, oddly enough, has never been nominated for a Tony).  Let's grab our drinks and run.  Up there in the psuedo-VIP banquette.  That seems to be a funsy group.  And who's in the middle of it all but JSquared.  Feels great to sit for awhile.  What?  Yes, I'd love a little salty snack, but there doesn't seem to be anything around.  I see a tray floating above the crowd...the crowd parts...oh my, it's that prominent Lesbian and Tony nominee for "On The Town" Lea DeLaria and fittingly enough, she has a big tray of sushi.  Careful with that first step, Lea...owwww...sushi everywhere.   Mercifully, not on us, but all over the banquet and floor next to us.  She doesn't seem to be too upset though...I guess she enjoys a fishy smell...  This is almost the last straw.  What we need is a Belgian waffle in a badly-lit booth at The Renaissance Diner.  Let's gather a few of our friends (a company manager, a stage manager, a Broadway columnist) and start to fight our way out.  Oh, oh...not that way, I need to avoid that... HI!   Just leaving actually...careful with that hand, tiger, don't you need it for your camera?  A picture...well, maybe...without the shirt?  Don't think so, sport.  Call you?  Ummm, maybe I'll just see you at the gym.  And, umm, try not to hang outside the showers for our chat, okay?  Papparazzi...so annoying.  As we start towards the stairs and our Belgian waffle, we notice the real star of this party, tonight's Tony nominee for Best Actor in a Musical for his amazing turn as Frank'N'Furter, Tom Hewitt.  Hugs and kisses all around and we tell him that, in  our  version, he walked up the aisle and grabbed the Tony.  He thanks us but says that the whole experience was great just as it was...and he's happy and glowing with his boyfriend by his side, and we believe him.  It's great when nice things happen to nice people.  Down the stairs and over to Ninth Avenue.  We're so exhausted we don't think we can even hold a fork (yeah, like  that'll  ever happen).  We'll put you in a cab here...don't worry, we won't trash your outfit when you're gone.  Thanks for coming with us, it's been a ball, huh?  Bye.....   (Did you see the shoes she had on?)