Warning:  Gay Homosexual Showtune-Related Blog Ahead  Number of Hellos/Waves in Line:  6 Number of "You Look Beautiful/Wild/Sexy" Comments I Got:  5 Number of Times I Actually Believed It:  2 Number of Times I Denied It:  0 I sauntered over to the Tonys last night around 6:50pm.  Since   Radio City  is just a couple of blocks from my apartment, I decided to forego the limo and walk...just like a regular person.  It was still light out, so I put on some sassy $4-from-the-street shades (the vendor assured me they were  Oakrey ).  Apparently my attempt at tricking the dregs of my closet into thinking it was some sort of formal wear worked.  Maybe it was the glitter in my hair or the (pear-flavored) gloss on my lips.  Whatever.  As I strolled towards Radio City I pretended in my head that I was Jane Russell in "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes," and that helped make my stride purposeful but sexy.  It seems that there are two entrances to the Tony Awards:  the "celebrity" entrance and the "non-celebrity" entrance.  I thought it might be fun to try the "non-celebrity" entrance (as it was my only option) and I found it to be deliciously common.  Snaking all the way down 50th Street, I got to pass by everyone already in line, waving and smiling, saying something brief but witty and then walk on.  It was fun.  There were of course a lot of people on the streets and on the other sides of the barracades watching us line up to go in.  Turns out they're  very  interested in guys with glittery hair and unbuttoned pink tuxedo shirts.  Do you ever have those days when everybody on the street thinks they know you from somewhere?  I had one yesterday (thank goddess it wasn't wasted on a laundry day or something).  I waved like I was somebody, they waved back. ( Actually, I waved 'cause I kinda felt sorry for those people...they must've kicked themselves when their friends told them who they saw on 51st Street.)    Once inside I milled around a bit in the lobby, chatted with a high-powered theatrical lawyer who tried to touch me inappropriately and a dessicated diva who seemed heavily medicated, but fun as that was, I quickly made my way to the Grand Staircase.  I love the Grand Staircase at Radio City; it's one of those time portals of Manhattan.  You can just picture   ladies with hats and gloves , and gentlemen with   Arrow collars  and   spectator shoes  on their way in to see "The Philadelphia Story" for the very first time.  It's impossible not to climb that stair and not feel like part of another era.  The balustrade was lined with people scanning the lobby for famous faces, so I sailed up and found a place at the landing.  Oh look, down there's the editor of that showbiz newspaper.  Hi!  Are you really with  him ?  Do you know he backed me up against a wall at the O'Neill Center and fogged up my glasses?  Have a terrific time!  Jeez, Ann Miller.  That dress sure is  red .  My god, there's the Luckiest Chorus Boy in the World...I've been wondering where he'd disappeared to.  From the looks of it, he got locked in the Sara Lee factory and had to eat his way out.  Oops, better not throw those particular stones considering the number of pants I had to try on before I left the house.  There go the lights, better make my way towards my seat.  But first, I have to collect my Playbill. The Tony Award Playbill is something of a collector's item.  Really, it's the Beanie Baby of show programs.  So in order to get your program, you have to go to one of the designated areas and have your ticket punched and you receive one (1).  I needed my ticket punched, so I grabbed my Playbill and headed throught the mist of air kisses toward my seat.    First mezzanine, House Left, Row B.  From my seat I could see all of the nominees below and most of the celebrity guests.  I was sitting more or less in a direct line behind Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft.  On either side of that massive stage, there are two enormous screens so that one can see what's being broadcast, although they turn them off at some points throughout so audience shots don't show people gawking up at them.  There were a few speeches that weren't shown on the first hour (the PBS broadcast) one of them being, I believe, Paul Gemignani's Lifetime Achievement Award.  The man is genius and, even though he knew he was getting it, he was genuinely moved during his speech, thanking not only all of the pit musicians he's worked with whom he called "incredibly talented and wholly devoted to the theatre" and also specifically Stephen Sondheim who he said "taught him to care about music more than he thought possible."  That whole first hour, with Stro winning and thanking Mike, etc., seemed very "inside," but we soon grew tired of the dreaded words: "The Producers."  I was afraid we were going to be forced to have the logo tattooed on our asses before being allowed to leave.  Frankly, that show doesn't need any more money or press.  Ditto "42nd Street."  How 'bout helping out those shows that could use the boost of a Tony win?  Hell, toss 'em lighting design, as long as they can claim "2001 Tony Winner!" in front of the theatre.  But noooooooooo... Number of Actress Performing in Best New Musical category That I Performed with Off Broadway Last Year:  2 Number of Actors Who Are Also Presidents of the Union performing in Best New Musical Category Who Directed Above-Gratuitously-Mentioned Off Broadway Show:  1 Number of 2001 Tony Nominees I've Slept With:  1 Number of 2001 Tony Nominees Whose Boyfriends I've Slept With:  2 Number of People Thanked (in any category) That I've At the Very Least Made Out With:  7 Number of Nominated Playwrights Whose Birthday Parties I Attended on a First Date:  1 Number of Newsanchors I've Slept With That Were Spotted in the Men's Room:  1 Really the best part was celebrating in the success of friends and people I've worked with.  It was exciting to me to have a personal connection to so many people on that stage.  Makes ya feel like it's not such an unattainable thing after all, huh?  Also, commercial breaks were fun with people dashing out of the theatre towards the restrooms or the phones and having impromptu gossip sessions in the lobby.  I used one to reapply my lip gloss (that's when I saw the alleged Newsanchor), and another to call my friends at the party on the Upper West Side, right after Gary Beach's speech mentioning the Upper West Side, to say hey from the glamorous Tonys and that I'd rather be there with the little people, eating salty snax and wearing comfy clothes.  It was almost true, too.  The two numbers that really got the crowd in the auditorium going were "Let It Go" from "The Full Mony" and  "Time Warp" from "Rocky Horror," especially when Jonathan Sharp jumped into the audience and got Gwynneth Paltrow to dance, James Stovall got Andre de Shields to dance, but no one could get Mel Brooks up (guess we don't support other people's shows).  It was pretty clear that Viola Davis was gonna win Best Featured Actress In A Play after what was basically a tour-de-force (while I am forced to tour) monologue from "King Hedley" (how great is Stokes that he set that up for her?).  No one was surprised by Cady Huffman's win, and her speech was sweet, but man, wouldn't you've loved to hear Kathleen Freeman's speech?  Or for that matter Polly Bergen's?  And it's always great to see people like Gary Beach, who've been kicking around this town forever, get a little recognition.  Leaving Radio City I ran into my friend Greg on the Grand Stairway (I love saying Grand Stairway) and we milled for a bit in the lobby saying hi to friends and me, of course, saying hi to strangers (maybe it was the eyeliner, who can say?).  We did a little post-mortem as we walked to Studio 54 for the Rocky party and I thought about my first Tony experience.  I learned a few things and, Gentle Readers, I want to share them with you, just in case you're invited next year:  It's glamorous arriving and leaving but, unless you're nominated, it's like going to Radio City to watch TV. Just because your clothes are shiny doesn't mean they're suitable for evening wear. Also, you  can  wear too many tassles. Tan Hush Puppies will never,  ever  go with that tux. When in doubt, smile and, as you glide past, grab their wrist, wrinkle your forehead a little and say ever-so-sincerely in a lowered voice, "You look ter RIF ic!" Bring snacks. Don't make exasperated noises when someone or something you thought should win didn't.  If you really had any say, you wouldn't be sitting next to me in the First Mezzanine.  Especially in that suit. Do be vocally supportive of your nominated friends.  Apparently they  can  hear it and it makes them smile. Let him cruise you a little, then say hi using his name.  Don't stick around to explain. Don't pretend you're more important that you are. Next year, be more important than you are. At least once during the whole experience, skip almost all the way to the men's room 'cause, dammit, you're at the TONY AWARDS!  The party was a whole 'nother experience, but daddy's a little worn out from floggin' the blog.  Also, I got in around 4am and had to be at The Evil Empire around 9am, so a nappy is in order.  But I promise I'll tell who took their shirts off, which nominated actresses dropped entire trays of sushi on chorus girls, which former Tony winner was drinking splits of champagne with a straw, etc.  I'm gonna go nap with my Tony Playbill under my pillow.  Maybe the Tony Faerie will bring me one of my own...they spin, y'know...