Giving Him Away   When I think of Tom, I think about a night When the Earth smelled of Summer, and the sky was streaked with white. And the soft mist of England was sleeping on a hill. I remember this, And I always will... There are new lovers now on that same silent hill, Looking at the same blue sea. And I know Tom and I are a part of them all. And they're all a part of Tom and me.   I met Peter at an AA New Year's Eve party.  He and I were the only people there not in AA.  I was there with a friend who was having his first sober New Year's and I wanted to support him, Peter was there on a date with a hideous playwright.  We gave each other the eye across the room while dancing to the Lunch Lady song from "Fame" and chatted later about, of all things, Dr. Leakey, and how we'd both wanted to be archeologists.  He lived in L.A. at the time, working in television.  He gave me his address and number before he left, saying "if you're ever in Los Angeles..."  His date glowered at me, but really, I'd never been to L.A. and didn't plan on it.  As my friend Steven and I left the party, I complained about meeting someone who seemed so perfect for me that lived all the way on the other side of the country.  I remember saying this as we were walking right in front of The Saint, trying to hail a cab.   Hello Young lovers whoever you are I hope your troubles are few All my good wishes go with you tonight I've been in love like you   The following weekend, I was racing around running errands, wanting to see the final weekend of a show that was closing but knowing I probably wouldn't make it in time to the TKTS booth.  I did, though.  At intermission I wandered downstairs to get some air, and, on my way back up, ran into Peter coming down the stairs.  We chatted for just a few minutes before the lights flashed for the second act, but in that time he managed to tell me that the Dreadful Playwright had dumped him just after New Year's.  I asked him if he'd like to have dinner after the show and he accepted.  The show, by the way, was "Romance/Romance."  We wandered over to Ninth Avenue and ate in this little Italian dive.  The conversation was so amazing, the chemistry like none I'd known.  After dinner he walked me home, came in, chatted some more, kissed.  I knew I was in love.  He was going back to L.A. in just a few days, and we saw each other a couple more times before he left.  I had no idea what would happen or if I'd ever see him again.  In my 26-year-old head I figured the distance was final.  But we talked every day.  I visited him, he visited me.  We wrote long letters and sent each other presents, surprises.  After six months, he packed up his life in L.A. and moved to New York to live with me.   Be brave, young lovers, and follow your star Be brave and faithful and true Cling very close to each other tonight I've been in love like you   We understood each other so well then.  Our frame of references so similar that it was like being twins.  I think we even began to sound alike.  Our own mothers mistook us on the phone for each other.  We were happy, we laughed all the time.  People thought we were the perfect couple and, smugly, we agreed.   I know how it feels to have wings on your heels And to fly down a street in a trance. You fly down a street on a chance that you'll meet And you meet!   Not really by chance   What happened then?  I suppose we grew apart...or maybe we just grew up.  We changed in our thirties.  Our interests we still similar, but diverged.  There wasn't an ugly argument really, or some final event.  We'd just become two adults different from the kids who had fallen in love.  I think our views on what happens in a relationship were also very different.  He came from a big, traditional Italian family, a mother and father who were married 'til death one did part.  I'd had no relationship models, only what I thought it could be in my head.  I know that I felt the passion draining and I didn't know how to keep it from happening.  My world was contracting rather than expanding.  Peter was fine with that, I wanted more.  I guess, in the end, I pressed for us to separate because I thought together we'd (read I'd) never grow as individuals.  I think we both thought we'd get back together eventually.  Peter met Luke not long after we separated.  They've been together since.  I think they're comfortable because neither pushes the other, neither questions the other, their lives intersect just as they are.  I'm not judging it...in fact, I admire it, to a point, although I'd never be happy in that kind of a relationship.  I want to be challenged.  I want to challenge.  I want chemistry and a similar frame-of reference.  I want to grow together and individually.  I'd hope that there would always be new things to discover and new passions in which to indulge.  Settled, but not too.  And I haven't found anyone equal to that task yet.   Don't cry young lovers, whatever you do Don't cry because I'm alone. All of my mem'ries are happy tonight I've had a love of my own.   While Peter and Luke have been together for six years or so, now (certainly longer than Peter and I were together), today, on the day of their commitment ceremony, I feel a finality to my relationship with Peter.  I could never be in that relationship again, I'm not that person anymore.  We'd kill each other in the first week (but he'd make me do the actual butchering, that was one of our patterns).  But that part of me that doesn't understand logic, still wonders what happened to the man I was going to spend the rest of my life with.  And wonders, too, if that excitement, that racing heart, that contented feeling of having one person in the world who holds you above all others, that someone with whom you can do nothing and  love  it -- if any of that will ever be mine again?  When Peter told me a year ago that he and Luke were going to do this, he asked me to give him away.  I pointed out that I'd already done that, and we both laughed.  But even though I can't physically be there, maybe that's what I'm doing today.  Of course I love you, Peter.  You're gentle and bright and quirky.  I don't think I've ever loved anyone in that way.  We grew up together, in our way.  And maybe that was the problem:  we grew up.  But I couldn't have done it without you, and I wouldn't have wanted to do it with anyone else.  Thanks, HH.  Now go get married...   I've had a love of my own, like yours. I've had a love of my own.