Light, Happiness & Chicken  I didn't get to bed last night until very late, and I had to be at The Evil Empire early-ish this morning, so I only go a couple hours of sleep.  Usually that's a bad thing for me.  But I woke up before the alarm went off.  My lower back didn't hurt, my neck wasn't stiff, that manatee or whatever it is that's been sitting on top of my chest for the past couple of days had wandered off and I could breathe without anxiety.  I felt  light .   Not that everything's all better.  I've got a lot to do and I'm not sure how to do it all.  I'm still overwhelmed, but I'm not feeling as  hopeless  about it.  And apparently I made some people mad because I wrote about my desparation.  All I can tell you is, I didn't write it for you, and writing about it (much as I wouldn't have believed it to be true) made it better.  Wasn't being a drama queen, don't really need the attention, sorry you were upset.  I was upset, too.  Still am, I guess.  And yet calmer about it.  RJ asked me this morning what my plans were.  I said I was thinking about chicken for lunch.  That's about as far ahead as I can plan and about as little control as I have.  I know tomorrow morning a little piece of me will be sad when I realize that the Cathoholic (oh, let's call him Peter, he was a saint, too) is getting married.  Peter always accused me of having too many feelings, I always accused him of showing only one.  He wanted everything to be happy all the time, no matter what.  I don't really believe in that so much.  My box of feelings has all the colors in it (and a little sharpener in the front) and I don't see why I shouldn't use them all.  Turns out he  wasn't  really happy all the time and all that pretending didn't make it so.    Peter's one of the smartest men I've ever known.  A Shakespearean scholar.  Kind, sweet, and absolutely no common sense whatsoever.  He also managed to be helpful and supportive to everyone else in our lives but me.   That  I'm probably still bitter about.  When I spend time with him now, I see exactly why we were together and exactly why we're not.  Years ago, before it was really all that fashionable, I asked him if we could have a commitment ceremony.  I loved more than I had ever loved anyone, would have done anything for him, and I wanted everyone to share in that.  My family, his, our friends.  I thought it would create an even stronger bond and give us something extra to hold onto when things got tough.  He laughed at me.  I think he was embarrassed by the idea, and I don't think he found any value in it.  What can I tell you?  This commitment ceremony that takes place tomorrow was his idea.  He and Luke, who've been together practically since Peter and I broke up (about six years), have registered at Williams-Sonoma and Pottery Barn (and someplace called Simon Pearce), and are making their union known at Peter's brother's showplace brownstone in the West Village.  I don't wanna go.  But I do wanna cry.  And, frankly, I think I deserve a cut of the bounty just for breaking in the groom...  I can be totally high maintenance.  I'm complicated as hell.  I'm moody and too smart for my own good.  But I'm also extremely loving and loyal.  Once I've got some trust going, I'm an amazing communicator.  I'm great in bed, and I'm funny out of it.  I can even cook several things really well.  I don't know if I'm a catch, but I know I'm worth the effort.  And maybe someday, some incredibly intuitive man will take me to   One If By Land  and propose to me.  But right now I'm not gonna dwell on that, because I'll get overwhelmed.  I need to pack. I need to get together an outfit for the Tony Awards. And I think I'm gonna have chicken for lunch.  Be happy, Peter and Luke...but not all the time, okay?