The Party's Over...  I guess it must've started on Tuesday night, at the TransAtlanticBlogMeat.  Well, to be really accurate it probably started sometime in the summer of 1993, but let's just skip all that and start with the BlogMeat.  Many drinks.  Then Wednesday night at The Lure and many, many more drinks.  Then Thursday night at the West Side Club, with Richard and various other substances.  Friday night after work the evil JSquared tricked me into more drinking, although not nearly as much.  Then came Saturday...  Saturday night was the birthday of a dear shrink friend of mine, Dr. Longjohn, thrown by his partner of many years, the ever-so-handsome Rhett.  While I really had no business attending yet another social function where alchohol (etc.) would be served, it was the good doctor's 40th and the first half was taking place on the   Schooner Adirondack .  Since I had to work all day, thus preventing me from attending what sounded like a   hip ,   happening    afternoon , I used the quiet time at work to rest up and prepare.  After all, a relaxing sail around New York harbor sounded like exactly what I needed.  Yeah.  About 20 of us gathered at   Chelsea Piers  and chatted and caught up dockside until it was almost time for the Birthday Boy to arrive, when we put on our eyepatches and earrings (the boat portion was pirate themed, don'tcha know) and went below to wait for him.  [One side note:  I seemed to be the leading authority on which ear to place the earring to denote top or bottom.  I just put mine in my nose.]  One of Rhett and Dr. Longjohn's good friends is a fellow psychiatrist from South Africa named Ben.  Ben and I see each other maybe once or twice a year, usually at parties like this one, where we flirt mercilessly for several hours, hang all over each other, laugh, and then never do anything about it.  Dr. Longjohn has tried to push it to another level, but neither Ben nor I have ever picked up the cue.  Of course, Ben was attached to my side for most of the boatride.  When it got windy, he snuggled up into me (the man is incredibly vain, so his body's flawless and fun to hold), we laughed at what we later learned people thought were private little jokes.  Maybe they were.  What we did learn was that the people who didn't really know us, thought we were an old married couple.  We were both asked, several times, how long we'd been together, etc.  It bemused me no end.  We sailed for about two hours, out as far as the Statue of Liberty and around the harbor a bit.  It was a beautiful night, not to windy, with a hazy half-moon in the sky and the jewel necklace of Lower Manhattan on the horizon.  I hear Jersey could be seen in the other direction, I just didn't look.  It actually was relaxing (so were the three cosmos).  The wind started to pick up a little too much right toward the end, but it honestly felt like we'd been out a whole afternoon and I was quite subdued by the time we returned (the three cosmos helped, too).    Then we were off to Rhett and Dr. Longjohn's groovy Upper West Side apartment for the cake portion of the party (the theme here was Pink Disney Princess...but the pink light was very flattering).  More laughs, cake, a singing candle, and, Rhett's favorite, marijuana.  Now, I'm not a big smoker.  I'm just not a good inhaler.  Really (and you know I've admitted to far worse than this).  But the couple of times I've actually caught any buzz from pot was when Rhett was supervising and teaching me the fine points of inhaling.  This night, the lesson was: Bonghits 101.  Interesting.  I was now, apparently, funnier.  At least to Ben.  And just after we'd flirted quite strongly in front of a couple from Miami, and I gave him a stern look and went looking for more vodka (like I needed it), I heard one of the couple ask, "You guys have been together awhile, right?"  I laughed loudly from the kitchen, and Ben had to explain that we'd never even gone out on a date.  "But," the Miami Boy tried to argue, "when he walked outta here he gave you a look like he  owned  you."  Which made Ben really giggle.  I explained that our relationship is like Brigadoon:  we see each other once a year, have a perfectly flirty night, and then disappear into the mists never to think of the other until the next party."  They wouldn't believe us.  Odd.    I finally had to sit for a bit, talking to an editor from Random House, and my friend Dottie with whom I worked Off-Broadway for a couple of years.  The energy was slowly draining out of me (and so was the vodka), so I wasn't sure I completely understood when Ben came over and said, "I'm going.  It was great seeing you again.  We should finally have dinner or something.  I'll get your number from the boys."  A little peck and he was gone.  Dottie looked at me with an arched eyebrow, I looked back quizzically.  "At least you'll get dinner out of it," she said.  "Nah, he won't call.  Trust me."  And I hope he doesn't.  Why ruin our good thing?  I managed to get home around 5am or so, walk Dex (who kept sniffing my face and pulling back...nice, thanks dog).  Slept the sleep of the dead until the middle of the afternoon on Sunday.  Then it was almost time for movie night with JSquared.  Hedwig, dinner, home.  Easy...I can do this...    The Road to Hell is paved with good intentions.  The Express Slide to Hell, however, is shiny and smooth and offers no impediment.  Guess which one I'm on?  Well,  was  on.  I'm gettin' off this ride.  The party's over.  I don't exactly know the logistics of getting an eighteen-wheeler up thirteen stories in an elevator, around a sharp turn in the hallway, how you then get it to back over me a couple of times, and not have me wake up once.  But I assure in the name of all that's hyperbole, that's what happened.  I feel like crap.  And not so pretty.  I'm too old for this and it's not even all that much fun anymore.  So I now enter a period of purification.  No drugs, no alcohol, no sex, practically no Ben & Jerry's.  For at least a month (the roadtrip will probably be a small breaking point in this, but only for its duration).  It shouldn't be all that hard, people do tend to take "no" as an answer from me.  I just have to remember to give it...