It's For You...  If you're supposed to be driving my taxi, or ringing up my newspaper and gum, or ordering in front of me at McDonald's, or walking down a crowded midtown Manhattan sidewalk, or maybe even just riding down in the elevator with me: please perform the activity in front of you and get off the goddamned cellphone.  Especially in the elevator.  You know that face you make when the bike messenger has his Walkman on too loud?  That's the face I'm making at you when you're shouting into your cellphone in that tiny, echoey elevator.    Let's face it:  you're not a multitasker.  You've narrowly avoided slamming into a bus and almost sideswiped a biker because you've got to talk about...well, I don't know what, my Urdu's not what it used to be.  But you're not hitting those consonants like it's life or death, so just hang up.  You think you're being hip and funny by blabbering away while you order your McNuggets, but what you're really doing is holding up everyone behind you and confusing the already-limited braincell capacity of the hairnet behind the counter.  Order your processed chicken food and go sit at a table and talk.  You cannot walk and talk on the phone at the same time.  You think you can, but you just can't.  Pull over to the side and talk about the movie.  Or better yet, go find a booth.  It's fun!  Consider it a kind of retro thingy.  That's how we used to talk on the phone in public in the 80s...  And I ask you, really, do you think you're working out as hard as you possibly can with that phone to your ear?  I think if you focused that phone energy on your cardio instead you wouldn't have that ass.  Just a thought.  But most importantly, if we're out for coffee or dinner or whatever, don't take that call.  Don't do it.  Lots of times before you had that cellphone, you'd be away from home and your phone would ring and you never even knew it.  And those calls weren't any more important.  So just don't take it.  If you have some really, really, life changing call that you're waiting for, that's a different story.  But I can tell from the "how did he  look ?" comment that no one's life is being altered here.  Except maybe mine.  Because now I'm forced to pay extra-close attention to the placemat describing cocktails from the past forty years.  Or stare out the window and pretend that I'm really enjoying being in suspended conversation.  You see, we were having a conversation before the phone rang and you did a little contortive dance to get at it.  We were actually talking about something kinda important, but even if we weren't, I'm the person in front of you.  When you answer your cellphone while you're sitting with me, it makes me feel like you're waiting for a better offer.  Those cellphone people, they've made it very easy to not answer the phone.  Yup, they tell you who's calling and they even provide a little person inside the phone to answer when you can't.  Those cellphone people, they must know what it's like to be playing with the little sleeve your straw came in, rolling it tighter and tighter until you get to the end and let it go and watch the curl kinda spring out.  When I was a boy, phones had "cords" and you could only go so far with them (they also had "dials," but that's a whole 'nother blog).  When they rang, you didn't know who was calling and, if you didn't pick up, you probably never knew.  If you wanted to screen calls, you'd better have a maid.  And if someone tried to call while you were talking on the phone, they got a "busy signal."  Times sure have changed here on Walton's Mountain.  Now I think it's terrific that pregnant women stranded in stalled vehicles on dangerous highways have a wireless means of communication, but why does everyone need to be in constant telephonic contact?  We don't have all that much interesting to say.  Trust me, I'm forced to hear it.  Why can't it wait until you're finished with the task in front of you?  And if you're the one on the phone, how come I'm the one on hold?