But If You Try Sometimes, You Just Might Find...  So after ladling out my sage advice like so much   chilled cucumber mint soup  at a Martha Stewart summer dinner, I finally served myself a big bowl of it and went to the West Side Club last night.  I'd been whining about wanting attention and needing to be touched and so I just shut up and did something about it.  And, oddly enough, it didn't turn out so bad.  After work I shaved, showered, trimmed the topiary, added a little hair product but did not add deodorant and headed for the R train.  But instead of getting out at 23rd Street, I got off at 34th Street to take myself for a walk and give myself a stern talking-to before arrival.  Basically I reminded myself of the cucumber, er,   advice  I gave Tinman about the place.  It's good to be prepared.  It turns out that eating well and exercising have paid off.  Soon after checking into lovely Room 228, I became quite popular.  Most of these would-be suitors didn't suit me, but I made a huge point of turning them down in the least derisive, friendliest, "so kind of you to offer" voice and facial demeanor.  It's just good tubs karma, I think.  There were even a couple of guys I turned down that, after they'd left my doorway, I thought to myself, "Are you crazy?  He was SO out of your league and you turned him down?"  But it just wasn't what I was looking for.  What I was looking for was some kind of chemistry.  Some form of being appreciated for who and what I am, even though it would mostly be on the most superficial levels.  And the fact is, with some Monster Hot Guy I'd be trying to be something else and spending a little too much time fearing the ultimate rejection, which feelings necessarily feuling the ultimate rejection.  Another time for Monster Hot, that trolley occasionally stops at my door and I can hop on when I'm feeling saucier.  Maybe I've thought too much about it all, or maybe my instincts in this are excellent, but what I wanted was to see myself flashed in someone's eyes instantly in the same way they did in mine.  While the Monster Hot Brigade  liked  me, there was a little sizing up before the decision was made.  I had no time for sizing up, I needed gut reaction (Jesus, gut reaction in the eyes...please, Blogdom, bring your metaphors to me...let me mix 'em just the way you like 'em).  I knew there was an outside chance that I wouldn't find that, but there would be plenty of time for settling if need be.  That time came quickly.  I grew impatient.  I played briefly with a guy who was sexy but wasn't connecting entirely.  And he wouldn't kiss.  Daddy needs to be kissed.   Next !  Then I fooled around with a guy I had eyed around town for awhile who was fun, but not quite it.  He did bring an offering, however, and after removing all traces of powder residue from his key, I was wide awake and ready for chemistry.  I decided a shower would be a nice, soothing activity to cleanse the palate (and whatever else needed cleansing).  The water not only felt great but I wasn't the least bit self-conscious showering out in the open (and, really, these showers are like Your Grocers' Freezer...everyone comes by to do their browsing and they ain't subtle about it).  And towelling off it happened.  The eyes, the sparks, the tingle.  He was moving out of the locker room and I was moving toward the sauna to dry off a bit more, but I figured, hey, let him get ahead a little...it'll give him the illusion of being chased.  Mistake!  It actually took a good 15 - 20 minutes to find him again, but when we both turned the corner and saw each other we were focused on each other's eyes and our hands found nipples and shoulders and things.  He did something rare then, he introduced himself.  Names, as you might imagine, are not always exchanged at the West Side Club.  He offered his right up (Richard) and wanted to know mine.  Cool.  Definitely interested.  We proceeded to the recessed lighting and percale sheets of Room 228.  This was exactly what I'd come for.  Great kisser, attentive, creative, into me as much as I was into him, not in a rush, no script.  And the Brain Additive (which Richard offered me a bit more of later) was working its wonders.  It was also blurring the lines a little.  Not that I need drugs to do that, mind you, but they do give you something better to blame than human frailty.  You see, besides just enjoying Richard's body and attention, I started to fantasize a little about Richard's future.  I'd think to myself, "He's well-spoken...at least I could introduce him to my friends."  And then, "I bet we look kinda hot together...that would look good on Eighth Avenue."  I'd have moments where I felt indescribable tenderness for this stranger.  Or think, "I wonder if we'll laugh about meeting here."  Now, before the serious eye-rolling starts, tell me you don't do that.  Just a little.  It's the nature of good chemistry.  As humans we want to extend those good, connected feelings.  Even when it's just sex with a stranger.  Just for a fraction of a night, you fall in love with that person.  His touch or his mouth, his eyes or the way he holds you or lets you hold him.  And, oh man, I did.  It was wonderful.  I let myself float a little on that cloud and it did me a world of good.  Because it allowed me to allow a living, breathing man into my very personal space, not caring about how much rent I owe or how much dog hair there is under my bed.  It allowed be to be appreciated solely for the man I was at  that moment , appreciated for the pleasure I was bringing and to receive pleasure in return.  To hold onto a stranger so tight that it  should  hurt but does only the reverse.  I was wildly in love with Richard for a night, and he was in love with me.  We were together for a couple of hours, switching rooms and taking shower and pee breaks.  It was never less than mutually satisfying and fun.  I think the degree to which the chemistry flowed surprised and delighted us both.  He asked for my number and I gave it to him (but I don't really expect to hear from him).  We talked about maybe leaving together and going to one of our apartments to continue, but the logistics didn't really work out.  So we parted.  And I was okay with it.  Whenever we'd pass each other in the hallway or by one of our rooms, it was like we were co-conspirators.  Or very sophisticated lovers.  We'd chat a bit, or duck into a room and makeout or something.  At one point, Richard introduced me to someone he'd been talking to.  "Charlie, this is David.  David has a twelve-inch dick."  I chuckled a little, while Richard quietly assessed my interest in David and whether he might join us for a romp.  I wasn't all that interested in David, so I just said, "I'm gonna take a little stroll.  I'll stop by in a bit and you can tell me if David's telling the truth."  He was happy, I was happy, and, knowing how talented Richard is, I have no doubt that David was happy.  It didn't hit me in my self-esteem, I didn't feel jilted (as ridiculous as the thought of that might sound), and I still felt connected.  In whatever superficial way (although I'd give you an argument on just how superficial), my needs had been met, my emotional wells had been filled, and I was comfortable.  Everything's in the same place as yesterday:  all the bills, all the decisions, all the worry.  But last night I was held tightly and kissed properly by someone who cared about me while he was doing it.  I fell a little bit in love.  And I'm calmer for it today.  Now I ask you: is that so wrong?