The  Other  White Meat  I was distracted last night.  I was also slightly overcaffeinated.  But still distracted.  Very, very short attention span.  So it was probably a bad idea to go meet the kids at The Lure for Pork.  But I get a kick outta   Jonathan  and   David , and it's always a party when   Sparky's  there (alcohol or no), and we got the added bonus of   Bryan  and his beau Daniel (the Clubberati).  So I went anyway.  It was so hot yesterday, and I was so sweaty and miserable, that when I got to The Evil Empire I slammed back several ice cold Diet Cokes.  The buzz began.  Later, when I got down to Chelsea, I realized it was far too early to arrive at Pork, so I stopped and got some hot coffee...the perfect thing for a sweltering night.  All in all, it didn't help my focus, but I marched bravely on to The Lure.  The Lure is an odd place.  It means to be rough and edgy, but never quite gets there.  The promise is always greater, but sometimes the promise is all you need.  Last night's pool party theme didn't exactly help their edge factor, either (it was a little like The Addams Family Visits ClubMed).  But I still like the place.  Since it's smack in the middle of the Meat Packing District (or as one   wag  put it last night, the "Fudge Packing District"), it's all cinderblock and brick and chain link, mostly painted black, dimly lit.  The bartenders are rough and cinderblocky, too, generally in some sort of fetish wear and mostly not as a costume (for instance, the older guy with the mousetraps on his nipples isn't doing it just for the tips).  The crowd isn't so pretty, and I say that as a good thing.  There's slightly less body fascism, and much more furriness than other Chelsea bars.  Guys tend to look (and smell) like guys, and I'm all for that.  And as opposed as I normally am to guys just walking around shirtless in a bar (usually it just seems like they're trying too hard), in The Lure it seems right.  Boys' clubby and kinda hot.  The cruising seems more direct, the posturing is almost always making a point.  Now as to the  L eather  U niform  R ubber  E tc. that gives the Lure it's name, I'm not sure.  There've been nights it's seemed like just a different kinda drag bar, and nights I was wondering in what dungeon I'd be shackled come daybreak.  It's tough to tell.  Who's in the scene, who's in costume?  There's technically a door policy, which used to be strictly applied:  No sneakers, no shirts with collars, no cologne, etc.  It's become fairly lax, mostly I guess due to the fact that until The Eagle reopens in September, this is the only place to go when this is the kind of place you wanna go.  I think they oughta stick to their dress code.  When you've got a taste for a dank bar with rough corners and you're faced with the reality of a guy in a yellow button down and madras shorts, it dampens the dankness.  Why go there and not take part in the spirit of it?  I think everyone there is flirting to some degree or another with fetish sex.  Strategically placed armbands and hankies leave their clues, but don't tell the entire story.  Having been there with friends who are very much into the B&D scene, I learned that with a very short interview they can discern who's playing dress-up and who wants to get dressed-down.  I'm always too aware that I could get myself cast in a role I won't know how to play, but that's never become a reality.  And the times I've left there with someone (or a couple someones) it hasn't ended in disappointment or too many unwanted bruises.  Given all of that, it isn't a particularly great place to chat with friends and catch up on good conversation at the best of times, but given my attention disorder last night, it was even worse.  I apologize boys.  The odd thing is, I don't know what I was looking for.  Nothing, probably.  I didn't particularly want sex, although I did want to be chatted up and I probably wouldn't have minded making out (as long as there was no mention of dead boyfriends).  I know I wanted a little attention, but my pals were very attentive and still I couldn't focus for longer than a minute or two.  I wore a blank tanktop that I alternately loved and hated; sometimes wishing I had sleeves to hide behind, sometimes thinking I was pretty beefy.  I made eye contact a few times, especially with a shorter guy in a sleeveless shirt who was definitely munchy, but even that couldn't hold me for long.  I did a couple of love laps, but wasn't moved to action.  I suppose I was looking for something external to anchor me, when I should be doing that for myself.  It probably reads like a neon sign, too.  I guess it's just a concentrated form of what I'm feeling about my life in a larger sense.  Change has got to happen and I'm ready to make it, but the timing and circumstances prevent it at the moment.  So I'm a caged animal, pacing back and forth and looking out through the bars (and the irony is at The Lure I could do that quite literally).  I can pack my belongings up in boxes, but I can't take them anywhere...and where is it I'm going anyway?  I could start looking for a different job, if I'm not moving, but I can't do that until I come back from my road trip.  It's causing me to be restless and unsettled.  I guess that's what's at the bottom of all this; feeling like I'm a hologram in the landscape of my life.  I can see me there from certain angles, I look three dimensional, but I can see right through me.  I need some solidity.  I need some stability.  I need to feel like I'm not just dressing up for my life, I'm really a part of it.  After several aborted attempts, I finally left with Sparky.  There was a light rain, which we both agreed felt great, and we ambled up to the subway.  I reluctantly left the most delightful Sparkster at the L train and headed up Eighth Avenue a couple of blocks.  I hailed a cab, I opened the door, and I realized I was still so highly caffeinated that it was pointless for me to go home and try to sleep.  So I checked that my hand had been stamped, sent the taxi on its way, and marched myself back to The Lure.  Imagine the confused faces of my cronies to see me return.  They agreed that I was a little wired and were even accepting of it (although Bryan did make me show him the drug pocket of my jeans to prove I really wasn't on something stronger).  I had another Citron, we chatted and cruised a bit more (  some of us  definitely  more ), and I wracked my brain for a better venue for Our British Cousins.  But Wednesday night in Manhattan really means Pork or Salon Wednesdays at Flamingo East.  Or...Splash.  I'm sorry to say that's where they ended...or mostly ended.  I walked the boys to 17th Street then actually got into a cab and went home to walk young Dex, who was happy to see me and cared not about my state of caffeination.  I was already yawning by this time, but it still took a Unisom to knock me out.  Today I feel like I have slightly stronger powers of concentration, but also slightly stronger cravings for attention.  Possibly even sex (if it means I'll get attention, too).  The Blogging Bandwagon is off to see   Troy  perform tonight, which I'd certainly enjoy, but I won't get out of work in time and I think they need a night off from me anyway.  But I know 10:30's gonna roll around and I'm gonna feel itchy to be noticed and I'll head out somewhere...    I wonder what The Lure's like on a Thursday night?