Ghost In The Machine  God.  I should be telling you about The Seagull in the Park.  How exciting to have Mike Nichols hop up onstage to do a short introduction of the dress rehearsal.  How stunning it was to see Meryl Streep and Kevin Kline weaving around each other onstage, comfortable and playful and intense.  How satisfying it was to sit outside on a beautiful New York night watching a play in the hands of so many skilled and famous actors, surrounded by so many skilled and famous actors.  How disconcerting it was a little, too.  But I don't really feel like writing about it and I'll bet you don't really feel like reading about it.  And I really should be telling you about the big TransAtlantic Blogmeet last night.  How charming and fun and funny and smart   Jonathan  and   David  are  (how could you not adore someone who shouts out "It's the blogs that got small!").  How great it was to see   RJ  and   Sparky , to finally have an intimate chat with   Troy , trade barbs with spicy   Michael  , tease   Jeff , torment   Bryan .  How I drank waaaay too much vodka and made out with an old acquaintance because he said, "you look so great and my boyfriend and I broke up" followed by "we didn't really break up, he died."  Oh.  Umm.  Sure, let's make out.  How when we were at the height of intoxication it sounded really, really funny to compare bloggers to snowflakes.  I had a swell time, but everybody else has written about it and, if you weren't there you really just wanna see the picture and move on, right?  Me too.  I think I mean to be telling you about crashing the Big Orange Bike today.  Cracked the frame.  Totalled it.  Gone.  Bye bye.  R.I.P. B.O.B.  But I don't have a scratch to show for it and, other than having to walk away from him at the bike shop where they were gonna strip him for parts, it wasn't that traumatic, I guess.  I can't believe I'm not gonna have my rides down the Hudson anymore, but it's almost too hot for it now anyway.  I'll be off on my road trip soon and when I get back I'll have to move, so it's just one less thing to distract/pack.  Maybe I don't wanna tell you about the Big Orange Bike.  I feel like I'm walking in space.  I'm unconnected to anything.  I can connect briefly to people or activities, but mostly I'm adrift and sooner rather than later I'm back floating in the middle of my life, not touching the edges.  I suppose it's depression, still, but it's never felt this way before.  What I'd really like is for someone who knows me really well, someone who has no advice necessarily, someone who just thinks I'm groovy and loveable to just hold me for a really long time.  And for once, to my horror, I don't even need it to be sexual.  I want someone to be my connection to the Earth and to care about me and maybe take care of me for a little bit and tell me it's gonna be okay even if it may not be.  But that's, realistically, not gonna happen anytime soon.  There isn't anyone like that in my life.  I'm alone.  I'm in this alone.  And I'm in space.  I have to say it's not entirely unpleasant, it just doesn't seem entirely real.  I'm used to a little more reality in my real life.  It's like I'm a ghostly presence in my own life and while I can take part in things, enjoy them even, there's a little detachment, too.   So I sit and watch this mind blowing theatrical experience, but at intermission and after the show, I feel like no one can see me, I can walk in amongst the crowd of people, people I know, without causing any effect.  I felt a little like this last night.  I'd talk to people, really enjoying their conversation, but always aware that I'd evaporate soon and I'd need to move on before that happened.  I crashed my beloved bike this morning, then walked it to the bike shop -- I knew they were going to tell me it couldn't be fixed -- and left it sitting there without looking back, without even really thinking about it too much.  Am I just crazy?  Is it the heat?  I'm confused.