Nothing  Today I did nothing.  Unscheduled, yet unrepentant, nothing.  I don't think people outside of Manhattan realize what pressure and anxiety doing nothing causes us.  How can we sit idly inside our apartments when just on the other side of the door there's all that stuff to do.  Exhibits (Vermeer, Gehry, Jackie O's yard sale) and gallery openings (exploding planes in oil on canvas), new Ethiopian tapas places, street fairs, other people's bad cabaret shows, other people's bad Off-Off-Broadway shows, your  own  bad Off-Off-Broadway show...there's a lot to be done.  Not to mention the stuff that needs to be done indoors:  clean the bathroom, iron, wipe that black stuff off the shelves on the inside of the refrigerator door, finally sort the shopping bag of unmarked cassettes.  But me?  I did nothing.  At first, I did nothing inside.  I answered email, I did my online reading, I blogged (therefore I am).  I even blogged for   someone else .  I watched something called   Say What? Karaoke , which is apparentely a bunch of talent-free kids, lipsynching to some talent-free songs by other more-famous-but-equally-talent-free kids.  It was delightful in a vulgar sorta way.    But just as I had found the perfect position on the sofa where I could balance the remote, the dog, and a full glass of ice cold Diet Coke, something happened outside.  The rain of the past few days suddenly stopped and this eerie yellowish light came pouring through the windows.  I remember we once called it " sunshine ."  I thought to myself: perhaps I can collect my young ward and continue my nothingness in the out of doors.  We meandered through the throngs of tourists who had the poor judgement not to spend Memorial Day in their own hometowns, and the sailors and marines still lingering from Fleet Week (I'm disturbed to learn that our nation's defense in the hands of Schlitz-guzzling, Skoal-spitting trailer trash), and ended up under a tree in Central Park.  Rex was overjoyed.  The WunderHund rolled and sniffed and sneezed and grinned so much that it took everything I had not to just eat him up.  He actually  frolicked .  I stretched out, closed my eyes, and listened to the sounds of a Sunday afternoon on the Isle Manhattan: a sweet, fuzzy bumblebee, the clopping of the carriage horses, in the distance the calliope of the carousel, even further in the distance, the blast of a cruise ship sailing from the West 50s, the jabbering of Korean tourists (such a  pretty  language), Rex munching loudly on a twig.  The sun was warming, but not hot; the grass was cool but not wet; I was happy but not at my ideal weight.  We sat under the tree for about an hour.  Doing nothing.  Today I learned I'm good at doing nothing.  And, what's more, I  enjoy  it.