Last night I dreamt of the fields behind my grandfather's house in Virginia.  They extended in two directions.  North led to a pond and towards the kennels where my grandfather kept his hunting dogs, angry animals considered property not friends and they knew it.  In the other direction, at the farthest end of his property, was the newest house, a house my grandfather had built for his daughter, my Aunt Emily, but she had long since freed herself from the tragedies that had been heaped upon her and deserted this house and most of this family.  Now it's inhabitant was my Great Aunt Leila, my dead grandmother's oldest sister.  Now this house contained a Siamese cat named Smokey, stacks of newspaper either read and saved or yet-to-be-read (I never knew), a huge blue Bonneville in the garage, incongruous antiques in the new rooms, almost always sugar cookies with M&Ms baked into them, but most importantly for me an adult who looked at me with bright blue eyes and keen interest, something I found nowhere else on that vast farm on Taylor Road.  In my dream, as always on those summer days, I found myself at the edge of the field, gathering my courage to cross it.  The corn that was planted here was high enough that I couldn't see over to Aunt Leila's, but I knew in which direction I had to run.  Oh, and I had to run.  Because I imagined there were snakes, or worse, waiting within -- not that I'd ever seen them.  I was encouraged by my father, who's own house was on the opposite side of all of this land (it would've been even further had my grandfather been able to arrange that), to go without shoes, on the premise it would toughen me up and, in general, I enjoyed the rich, dark Chesapeake soil under my tender city boy feet.  Crossing this terrifying field, though, it made me more vulnerable.  First I surveyed the corn, looking as far into the brown and green stalks as I could.  I had to be careful not to knock over any of the stalks, as my grandfather had an almost psychic connection to them and, of course, corn was worth more to him than grandsons.  Especially the issue of his worthless son.  I also had to make sure that the crazy hired hand we were warned about wasn't lurking within.  This may've been the Taylor Road version of the boogey man meant to keep us in line, but I couldn't be too careful.  Next several incantations meant to protect me on my run.  And, of course, the promise of Aunt Leila at the end.  It was hot in my dream, I was wearing just a pair of cut-off shorts, the kind my mother would never have let me be seen in at home, but no one here cared.  No one here cared.  I knew that without a shirt I was liable to get scratched up, but I didn't care.  It wasn't worth it to go all the way back for a shirt, all that mattered was getting to Aunt Leila's.  And so with heart beating, I let go a big breath and plunged into the field.  I ran longer than I ever had.  And I turned, which I knew I shouldn't because that would bring me out in the wrong place.  The corn got higher, the rows of collards that I knew were on the other end didn't come, but I ran.  I corrected my course, but I wasn't sure if I was really running in the right direction now and I started to panic but I couldn't stop.  Snakes.  Hired Hands.  It seemed to be getting dark.  I wanted to cry but I couldn't open my mouth to do it.  And all at once I pushed out of the corn and I was at the edge of Aunt Leila's yard.  But it was years later.  I'm not sure how I knew, but now I was in high school.  My grandfather had died and we'd come back to Cheseapeake and Taylor Road to bury him.  Staying at Aunt Leila's house.  It was dark and I was alone in the yard, and the long run was forgotten.  I wasn't tired, just confused at how I'd gotten here from there and I thought I'd better get inside before anyone missed me.  Across the cool lawn, still with no shoes, the dew soothing my feet, I stepped up onto the porch, through the front door, and into an empty house.  The stacks of newspaper were there, the odd antiques, but no people, no family.  Had they left for the funeral without me?  Had I waited to long to cross the field and forced them to leave me there?  I remember next showing up at the funeral home.  Not a grand old Southern Gothic place, this was closer to a plain, seventies-modern establishment.  No one was there, either.  I realized stepping into the chapel where my grandfather's body lay in state that I wasn't my high school self any longer, I was me now, 38, yet still shy and a little afraid of asking my father for what I wanted.  And what I wanted was my grandfather's Mason's ring.  There the three of us were, three men who misunderstood each other almost completely with practically no love to go around and yet connected in the most intimate way.  Three men who knew nothing of each other except who we'd come from.  No interest in where we were going.  Yet I wanted to hold onto a piece of it and I asked for the ring.  My father showed no surprise, no understanding of it, but said he'd try.  He'd try.  Is that what he said when the real event took place?  Did I mishear him?  Did he even respond back then?  I thought he said he'd try.  We drove to the cemetary.  In the dream this happened at night, although I know we buried him in the afternoon.  I waited in the dream as I waited over 20 years ago for that moment when my father would present a token of his past to his future.  But that moment never came in waking life and it didn't come now.  Then I was back at the field.  It had been burnt.  The odd cornstalk still stood, but the deep brown earth was black and I could see straight across it.  It wasn't far at all, in fact it seemed such a short distance back to my grandfather's house.  I began my gearing-up process out of habit, but stopped short when I looked down at my feet.  I was wearing shoes.  I didn't remember putting them on, they didn't seem like my own, but they fit.  And I stood there wondering why I needed to cross at all.