From The Pages of  Vague Magazine    VIRGO (Week of July 12, 2001) During the next six months, I vow to prove to you that astrology is neither a science that can pinpoint the precise path of your evolution, nor an irrational belief system that obliterates your free will. Instead, I intend to show that it's a profound art form that can guide your choices by illuminating the hidden and unconscious factors at work in your life. As for what empowering promises you might make to yourself in the second half of 2001, Virgo, I'll suggest that the best way to begin will be to give up your attraction to crystalline certainty. The rest of the year will be about learning to love and thrive on ambiguity, not just tolerate it. Your challenge will be to make confident decisions without relying on tried-and-true formulas.   Ummm,  hello ?  Thrive on ambiguity?  Could you be more specific please?  Virgo with exploding head here.  And while I wouldn't say no to crystal, crystalline certainty went out the window the first time ConEd shut off my power. I guess it makes sense considering what the inside of my apartment looks like right now.  I have boxes packed for storage, I have stacks of things for charity ( not    The Salvation Army , thankyouverymuch), stacks of things I need to take digital pictures of to auction off, stacks of things to sell at an apartment sale, stacks of things that belong to the ex (although he moved out over six years ago), furniture that should be returned to the street from whence it came, and all in preparation for what?  Don't ask me.  The question has become comical here in midtown.  The various answers to "Why are you packing up your apartment?" have been thus:    I've got to get my things in storage in case I get tossed out by the Marshalls.    I've got to move, I can't afford this place, I've had it!    I'm getting ready for my move to Chicago.    I'm looking for an apartment with my friend Jon.    I'm moving to the East Village.    I'm looking for an apartment in the East Village with my friend Jon.    'Cause I need to sort out my life.    So my surviving relatives will have an easy time picking through my belongings.    I'm getting ready for my move to Chicago.  No really.    I went to Broooklyn and it didn't seem bad and so I'm thinking...    I'm simplifying.    In case I accidentally move to New Orleans.    'Cause I already started.  Another day in Suite 1304 of Ambiguity Arms.  By the way, all of those answers were at some point absolutely true, and several remain true.  I don't know where I'm headed and I don't even have much of a plan except that every day I pack and sort a little bit more, every week I try to make a little more cash, and every night I tell myself (and finally believe) that even though I don't know what the way out of this is, there  is  one and any effort I put into nailing it down exactly knocks out the possibility of something far better that I haven't dreamed up that the Spiritual Board of Directors might have in store.  Wherever I end up it'll be new and kinda exciting.  And as God as my witness they're not going to lick me. I'm going to live through this, and when it's all over I'll never be hungry again. No, nor any of my folk. If I have to lie, steal, cheat or kill; as God as my witness,   I'll never be hungry again !    While I don't yet love it, as Rob predicts, this state of not knowing isn't hideous.  As   Edna Ferber  said about middle age:  It's a lot like death by drowning -- really a delightful sensation after you've ceased struggling.