Something Is Stirring, Shifting Ground  I woke up at noon.  Okay, that's a lie.  I woke up at nine, but the air conditioner had conditioned the air so nicely and Dexter had literally plopped himself on top of me with a big sigh, so we figured just a few more minutes couldn't hurt and they didn't.  The last hour brought a couple of odd dreams, one involving me being placed in a tank of water by a hypnotist who resembled   Anne Robinson , where I was to turn somersaults as part of my therapy, and then she dropped in the "glass needle" which in reality looked like a solid sterling silver hypodermic, but whatever, it wasn't unpleasant.  Finally we looked at each other and decided we might as well have breakfast, so we got up, took Little Mister outside, and back up for breakfast.  I have to say, the   Eight O'Clock  Dark Roast I'm now forced to drink (since it's about $7 cheaper than Starbucks' beans) is actually tasty.  A little fat free half 'n' half and some Sweet 'N' Low and it's heaven in a cup.  It's definitely enough to get me up and out.  Out for a good, hard ride on the Big Orange Bike, I realized that I ride by the Hudson but I usually look at the City.  That's crazy.  I mean, it's a different view than usual and the buildings are, for the most part, older and interesting, but if I just swivel my noggin in the opposite direction there's a river.  Sparkly water.  Sailboats.  Tugs.  Cute boys kayaking.  I didn't slow down, but I did relax a little.  I let my shoulders come down from my ears for a bit and felt that breeze that's sometimes a little too hot but today was sweet and a little salty.  Is the Hudson salty?  Must be a little, huh?  And up near Chambers Street, turning toward   Tribeca Park , I looked across at the Statue of Liberty and got giddy at the idea of people coming from all over for a glimpse of her and I get her on an incidental bike ride.  I turned back, passing two very hot joggers, some slow moving tourists that I didn't yell at, Matthew Modine, and a nun in full blue and white habit steering her bike with one hand and going at the rosary with the other.  Swear to God!  I didn't bring my walkman today, so I sang to myself, swerving and cutting my bike around cracks in the pavement, around tourists and traffic cones.  I pulled into the   gym  for a   liquid lunch , then headed home.  Greeted Dex, who trotted behind me as I went to weigh myself.  Dropped 4lbs and there's a little upper ab action (very little) trying to pop out.  New Orleans here I come!  I looked down at Dex and really noticed for the first time in days just how adorable he is.  One of those big ears was sticking straight up, the other flopped over and he had that wrinkled, concerned look, as if he was saying, "I can almost make out what you're saying...I think one more Snausage would help my perception."  I sank to the floor for a little scratchy session and then popped in the shower.  I love me some   Dr. Bronner !  Nothing keeps you cool and tingly like peppermint Castile soap.  As a matter of fact, you have to be careful to keep some parts from tingling longer than you'd like.  There was some Rosemary Mint shampoo left, and a little of that great   Kiehl's  Body Scrub.  So clean you could eat off me!  Started to shave then realized I wanna grow a little bikery mustache thingy, so I just shaved around it.  And it doesn't make me look too Spic-y.  Kiss the Dex, grab my Palm and head off to The Evil Empire, where it's so quiet I have time to read some blogs and answer some email (The   British  Are   Coming !).  Had a swell chat with my co-worker, Eileen, who's beautiful and about to get married.  Even discussed the possibility of moving away for a year or so to get my financial house in order and maybe write.  This time the discussion didn't feel to me as though I were running away from something, more like repairing psysche and credit and taking a break from this City.  And I might as well do it now, huh?  It felt good to talk about it and I even outed myself to her about my blog.  Of course she wanted the link, but I'm not ready for  that  yet...  That brings me to right now.  It's quiet.  I just had a S'mores Solid Protein Bar.  I'm content.  It feels odd.  My blogs are better when I'm miserable...don't worry, tomorrow's Friday the 13th.  Something rotten's bound to happen, huh?