Good Times and Bum Times, I've Seen Them All And, My Dear...  I'm fascinated by theatre ghosts.  Every old theatre I've ever worked in has a ghost and, usually, a good story to go with it.  One of my favorites growing up was the Falk Theatre where the residence ghost, Bessie (a jilted vaudevillian), used to play pranks on us like moving heavy furniture from dressing room to dressing room after the theatre was closed at night.  She was a little creepy, but I always felt sad for her, if the stories were true.  Jilted by a lover who met someone new, replaced Bessie in the act with the new girl and moved on to the Big Time without her.  And poor Bessie hung herself and had to remain forever in Tampa.  There but for People's Express went I...    I guess that's part of the attraction of Sondheim's musical   Follies .  Each one of the old showgirls is followed throughout the show by her younger self, each ghost six-foot tall, in the dazzling costume of her heyday.  But both exist in the same time.  The ghosts as interested in what they've become as the old gals are in recapturing a bit of what they were.  It's heartbreaking.  And fascinating to see these women, weighed down by time and gravity, older, heavier, less agile and vocal powers weakened, and yet still with the girlish glimpses of their past.  The lids are heavier but the eyes sparkle just the same.  And this is true of not just the characters, but the actresses portraying them.  Like the ghosts trapped inside the theatre, their youthful spirit lives inside of them, trapped by mortality and human frailty.  There's so much in this show about how our  version  of past events can wreck our future.  The roads not taken and why.  Regrets.  Survival.  I felt the show wash over me.  At intermission I stood out on 44th Street and tried not to cry, because I could feel my ghosts stirring, rehearsing for a show they wanted to present to me.  But this isn't a tragedy, it's a cautionary tale.  There's hope, too.  And the ability to change, in spite of your perceived mistakes.  Arguably the most famous song from Follies is "  I'm Still Here ," sung by Carlotta (and nailed to the back wall by Polly Bergen), is the "been there, done that" song of the night.  Unvarnished.  And being the unabashed show queen that I am, I knew she was singing right to me (well, she  was ).  Christ on a casting couch, I'm an idiot!  Why didn't anyone tell me this before?  My life is swell.  I'm not selling   ColorTile  in Clearwater like Lenny from high school.  I'm not some closeted fag in New Port Richie married to the least-threatening girl I ever dated, like Jerry.  I'm in New York, trying to do what I always said I wanted to.  I haven't settled.  I wasn't terrorized into becoming an English teacher, like Lori, because our guidance counselor, Mrs. What's-Her-Butt couldn't conceive of acting as a career.  Yeah, I know.  I'm not on Broadway.  But I've been Off-Broadway.  I've performed my own one-man show, fairly successfully, in Manhattan.  I sing on several CDs (although I would've loved being on vinyl).  I've got a blog.  I kick ass.  Sure, my life's a mess, but I got into this mess 'cause I was making it up as I went along.  And there's not a goddamned thing wrong with that.  I got through all of last year, and I'm here.  What's my problem?  My problem, apparently, is too many ghosts and not enough perspective (okay, that's just  today's  problem...now be quiet).  There are lots of roads and I couldn't possibly take all of them.  Part of the fun of being an actor is that you can try some of those roads, if just for a little while.  Besides, this is the road I want.  I wouldn't have chosen all that differently.  Do I feel the same as I did at 18?  Hell no, much better.  The ghosts of Follies were respectful, even helpful, of their older selves.  I'll bet mine are too, if I look carefully.    As you know, I believe in the transformative powers of Theatre and Blogging, and last night was healing.  I've felt different today.  Mostly happy that I didn't have to sell anyone ColorTile, but still,  different .  Perspective isn't a two hour musical, it takes a little maintenance, and I hope I'm up to it.  Or that I'll find my way back to it.  Either way, it's nice for a little bit to not beat up on myself and, actually, have a little self-respect.  Just a little.    I mean, Lord knows at least I was  there ...and I'm  here . Look who's here. I'm still here!