Exposure  Wow.  Huh.  Here I've built this little cocoon of anonymity, a little mystery, and the perfect screen from behind which I can write freely, and this weekend blows it all to hell.  Not only is   my name  being tossed around, so's   my face .  And to make matters worse,   someone's  revealing my tawdry sexlife.  Oh, Jeff, Jeff, Jeff.  Oz never did give nothin' to the Tinman that he didn't already have.  I worry about this boy.  I'm a Virgo, I overanalyze, I obsess...but this is getting out of hand.  Having read the Tinman's Trials long before I'd met him, I'd always thought, "This boy needs a gay big brother."  And now that we've hung out a couple of times, I've been trying to be just that.  But, ladies and gentlemen, it can be a lot of work.  Here's a sweet, smart, cute boy with a law degree and a lot to offer and he can't let go, can't get out of his own way.  The boy needs adventure!  Excitement!  I had kidded him online about taking him to the West Side Club and tossing him to the sharks, thinking it would startle him, but he was intruiged.  So when we made plans to have cocktails on Saturday, I was prepared to follow-through on my threat if he was still interested.    It's the absolute, startling truth that, in the middle of Fat Cock 29, with Seventies porn and Wonder Woman alternately playing on the big screen, Girlina carrying on in the corner, a bartender in Underoos, and well, Sparky and me in his face, the Tinman nodded off.  I might as well've been on a date!  No one falls asleep on me.  What he didn't mention is that I woke him up by pinching both his nipples (for those of you who're wondering, they're just like real nipples, only smaller).  Dan and I figured a brisk walk and change of venue would help, so we gathered up our young charge (at one point, yes, I literally gathered him up...he pretended to hate it.  What ever , Becky.) and headed to The Cock (my second time there this weekend, both times with Sparky...he's a bad influence...I like him).    Now, it's not the same old Cock.  When the theme was Foxy Saturdays, you'd walk in with a handful of Foxy Dollars and get to dare people to do things for the fake dough, 'cause at the end of the night the person with the most Foxy Dollars got a fistful of real American dollars.  One of the bartenders used to surf the crowd naked.  Unspeakable things were inserted in all manner of improbable places and the raunch in the air was palpable.  It's just not the same.  But until we   lynch the mayor , it's all we've got.  There were cute boys to chat with (Oh, Vincent...I'll find you again.  Or not.)  A decent, human-looking go go boy.  The backroom wasn't in full swing yet, but the barnacles were beginning to gather on its hull.  But it wasn't enough to pull our Man O' Tin from his funk.  I thought I knew where he  really  wanted to go, but he had to ask ("You've had the power all along").  He finally asked, Sparky declined to join us, and after walking Danny Boy (for whom these pipes were  not  calling) to his glam train, it was Big Brother Night at the West Side Club.   [Okay, side bar.  While looking for a link to the West Side Club, I found the following hilarious results:  West Side 4-H Club, West Side Nut Club in Indiana (close), West Side Athletic Club, West Side Club exclusively catered by Queen Anne Caterers..."a perfect location for your banquet and party needs" (now we're getting somewhere, if they only knew!), West Side Optimists Club, West Side Gymnastics Club, and West Side Dive Club.  The Internet is fun!]   For those of you who've never been (or won't admit to it), the West Side Club is a trashy bathhouse.  No more, no less.  Dimly lit, a maze of rooms, showers, gummy steam room.  There are better, more fabulous, baths all across the country, but the current climate in New York City prevents such things here and so we're left with this place.  I discovered it a few years ago in a fit of rebelliousness following my breakup with Peter (that also involved my slow introduction to recreational drug use).  Don't get me wrong, I was no stranger to casual sex before this, I'd just never been to the Piggly Wiggly of Casual Sex.  Although it has it's own unwritten code of conduct and signals, as I tried to explain to Jeff, it's really no different from going to bars or clubs, etc., the experience is just reduced to its most concentrated form.  No drinks, no black tshirts, no coy conversation...just horny boys in small towels.  This can be good and bad, but mostly it just  is .  I've gone through phases of harsh judgement about the place, but I think I understand it a little better now and I don't need to judge it.  So, you wanna know what I've learned?  Wanna know what this place is?  Get ready:  it's a place to have sex.  That's it.  McDonald's is a place to have burgers and fries, West Side Club is a place to get off.  You go to McDonald's looking for   Jean-Georges , you're gonna be disappointed.  Same goes for the WSC.  Sounds simple, but it's not.  Because the minute you add gay men to that simple premise, you get fear of rejections, body issues, body fascism, drug use, drug abuse, health issues and risks, guys looking for love (or at least boyfriends) in all the wrong places, language barriers, sexual tunnel-vision, and on and on.  Is that intense glare you're getting desire or dismissal or just the glassy look of a boy who's done one too many bumps?  Is that guy shaking his head "no" at you because he doesn't think you're cute or because he came here to act out some rape fantasy with a big muscle daddy?  Tough to know.  And, just like drugs can do, this intensified queer space generally amplifies whatever mood you come in with.  You think you're walking around with a couple of extra pounds?  Gonna feel like you're dragging a ton around once those sexy, sculpted Chelsea boys stare right through you and walk right by.  Maybe he's not interested or maybe he's rushing back to his room to recover because he was just rejected for having body hair.  Fucked up, ain't it?  But if you go in feeling fun and frisky, if you can keep in your sex-addled forebrain that this is just a naughty romp and nothing more, then you're golden.    I say that like it's an easy thing to do or remember, when I myself have come away from a night of validation-seeking worse off than before.  So I can understand how the Tinman might not have liked the place.  It's not for everyone (I myself made out with a beefy blonde boy for a few minutes, but fighting the effects of a great deal of Southern Comfort I eventually just went home to sleep which I enjoyed very much more).  I'm pleased he had the balls to go and let himself experience it, though.   My real concern is that he's not enjoying  anything  and he's postponing his life because of it.  And what can I do to help?  In my big brotherly fashion I've tried to explain about doing things  in spite of  the fear.  Jump into conversations.  Risk looking foolish.  Find it funny.  I've tried to explain that  everyone  is scared, especially gay boys in bars.  Even the biggest, most beautiful boy in the room is generally apprehensive about approaching someone first.  But, as   someone  discovered in Paradise, saying "hi" and smiling opens doors you'd never expect.  In Provincetown one year, my boys and I decided we were gonna be the "Hi, How Are Ya! Guys" and what we discovered blew us away.  You're not gonna land everyone you talk to, but the more you just say hi, smile, and keep moving, the easier it gets when you wanna stop and talk a little more.  You relax and get comfortable and you see life's about being available and fun,  that's  what makes you really attractive.  For chrissakes, why else call us  gay !  Oh hell, this isn't about Tinman at all.  The bottom line is I believe that everybody in your life is just a reflection of yourself, as you are of them.  Don't you find that the things that frustrate you most about your friends and acquaintances are really about you?  And as much as I want the Tinman to relax, let go, let fly...this is really a lesson for me.  My worries and concerns and fears and different from Jeff's, but the resulting paralysis is the same.  I'll spare you the "whole world is the West Side Club" analogy and how we all have "little more than white towels to protect us."  (But you know I'm still thinking it.)  On all fronts, I have the fear of being sized up and dismissed.  That fear has never led to anything but bigger, scarier fear.  And too much expectation has only become frustration and disappointment.  Being the "Hi, How Are Ya! Guy" however, has never been anything but fun and affirming.  So...  I'm sure there's a life lesson in there somewhere, but frankly I've gotta go do some cardio followed by a high-protein meal so I can be beautiful and loved.  Work it out yourselves.    Big Gay Brother's watching, though, and he says "Hi, How Are Ya!"