In Just 55 Days, I Can Make You A Man  Where have I been?  I mean, really, why didn't anyone tell me?  Well, I guess   some have tried .  But I didn't get.  I never got it until last night.    Kiki & Herb  Rule The World.  At the very least, they rule my heart.  Until someone else does.  I was nervous, because the build-up was so intense.  What if I wasn't hip enough to get it?  What if  they  didn't like  me ?  But I decided to risk it.  And I knew   Sparky  would be right there with me.  And not just the Sparkster, but   Ralph , too (and let me assure you that, blog title aside, he's lacking nothing).  I needn't have worried, Kiki & Herb welcome all.  It's like being hit by a glorious, vintage Greyhound bus and immediately getting high on the fumes.  It's not that I lack the words to describe the experience, it's that I'm too lazy.  Besides, like the Seventies, if you haven't lived through it, it just seems kitschy.  We must've been an especially warm and loving audience, however, because as a final encore we were treated to David Bowie's "Space Oddity."  Ladies and gentlemen: people die.  After my transformative experience I needed more alcohol, so Sparky and Ralphie, some F.O.S. (Friends of Sparky), and I hiked over to The Cock.  One of the F.O.S., Jake, had captured our fancy.  Slim, cute, great smile.  Turned out he's a teacher from San Francisco, here for summer classes and in love with a straight 21-year-old teaching intern, nice but aloof in that West Coast way.  I'd thought him interesting before the show, but his detailed story of his day with the straight 21-year-old was enough of a turn-off that I didn't mind when they left without saying goodnight.  Plenty else to distract at The Cock, anyway.  There was a   Minx  sighting (and I'm sure he was  delighted  to see us, too).  JSquared and some of his work cronies.  More Citron (although I'm considering a switch to Southern Comfort, any thoughts?).  It was oddly loud and bright last night and, while there was cuteness, I felt not a part of it.  Of course, that might've had to do with the enormous volcanic pimple on my cheek (apparently Puberty was visiting for the weekend and didn't have anywhere better to stay).  Which reminded me how narrowly we had escaped death earlier in the evening, when Kiki threatened to let her head explode like a volcano and cover us all in her glorious lava.  See?  The scattered thoughts linger.  This is Major Tom to Ground Control.  I finally tired of not being hit on and decided at 3am to call it a night.  The Cock's swell, but without sex and drugs it makes me feel dirty.  In the  bad  way.  So I walked the   Hip    Brooklynites  to their train and headed west.  On my walk I started thinking about this trip to across the country.  I had been hoping I could make it to Provincetown, at least for a long weekend, until this offer came along.  It would be so good for me.  I could enjoy the party I haven't allowed myself to have all summer, and then spend some quality time with a good friend (possibly our last for awhile), finally see a little more of the U.S. of A. (I've been all over Europe, but America seems so distant), and end up in San Francisco.  When I was so, so depressed a few months ago and comptemplating a move, two of my choices for new hometowns were New Orleans and San Francisco, now I could evaluate them through different eyes.  But what about the cost?  The dog?  The lost work?  Details.  And I have enough time to try to work them out.  So I have 55 days until we leave and I have to get organized:     Find a Dex-friendly dog/apartment sitter.  Probably not too hard to do, since getting the run of an 1,100 square foot midtown apartment complete with adorable boy-magnet is every Young Homo's dream.  And I usually stock the refrigerator as part of my thank you.    Any takers ?    Stockpile cash.  My goal is simply to not get too much further behind.  I don't think we'll spend the kind of money on the road that I'd spend in Manhattan, we're staying with his brother in Dallas and his father in Arizona and our friends in San Francisco, and he's subsidizing a portion of the rest, so mostly I need to make sure that the money I wouldn't be making while I'm gone (which seems to be a total of six days) I can bank before I leave.  Fortunately, co-workers are suddenly dropping extra shifts on me and, if I'm a very good boy and work very hard, I can maintain my current level of poverty without reaching a new depth and still have a vacation of sorts.    Lose 15 pounds.  More accurately, shift 15 pounds away from my stomach and towards my shoulders.  From now until the end of August, it's   Peanut Butter Dreams   and   Yellow Subs .  The only kind of Blueberry Cheesecake and S'mores I'll have are   this kind .    Create a Southern Decadence costume.  Something whimsical but sexy.  Something sexy but cool.  Something that breathes.  Something with easy access.  Nothing with spandex.    Design a new tattoo.  DR and I are considering new ones, and maybe NOLA is the place.  I'm thinking about (and starting to research) symbols of strength, perhaps Welsh and/or Castilian/Asturiano, to honor my heritage.    Plan our stops.  There's gonna be a lot to cover, maybe the World's Second Largest Pecan will have to go by, well, the wayside.  I'm sure there's more to plan, but this is a start.  I'm gonna get the hell outta New York and cross our great country (right after I cross Bourbon Street).  I'm gonna discover America and maybe myself.  I'm gonna conquer.  The excitement's building.  My body's tingling...wait, maybe that's just the thermogenic.  No, no...it's what Kiki was talking about: it's the innervating tingle of Manifest Destiny!