Putting Out  I started this blog (hard to believe that's a grown-up word) for a bunch of reasons.  Through a series of links I'd come across   Jonno's blog .  I was fascinated, not just by the writing and his breezy, intelligent style, but by the form itself.  Part confessional, part thoughtful commentary, part advent calendar (y'know, those calendars where behind each little window is a surprise: a piece of chocolate, or a story...that's how I see hyperlinks).  Through links on his page, I found even more blogs/diaries/journals -- interesting lives interestingly told -- and I was addicted.  I knew that, with all the turmoil that was in my life, I needed to journal, but the Morning Pages proscribed by   The Artist's Way  wasn't doing it for me.  I figured this blog thingy might be a good exercise.  For the past month, I've been writing faithfully.  It's been an incredible tool and I really look forward to it.  Sometimes I think about what I want to write about and sometimes I have no idea until I start writing. Either way, I feel somehow better when I'm done.  More than once I've found myself crying as I finish.  Whatever it is I'm getting out of me, it's making room for other things...some incredibly welcome, some uncomfortable.  Some just plain weird.  At the same time, I get feedback from people I don't know.  They're having similar experiences.  They don't know me, but they encourage me.  It's almost like being onstage.    I've made some friendships through this writing.  I've begun a correspondence with several other bloggers/diarists, people I wouldn't have ever come across any other way.  One who, in a short time, has entrusted me to be his blog understudy while he's on vacation.  Another who, different as our lives are, were we to live in the same city, I'm sure we'd be good pals.  Who knows, we might be anyway.  I've met two fellow-travellers who live in my neighborhood and I hope they'll be friends as well, 'cause they're bright and fun and we share this blog strangeness (I've learned you can't explain the blog phenomena to civilians).  I've even had a date with someone I met through this medium.  I don't think either of us are under the illusion that it's to become anything romantic, but I think we're both enjoying the presence of the other in our lives and hopefully we'll build on that in some fashion.  At least that's what I very much hope for.  I've also, apparently, made some enemies.  Not anyone who's met me or emailed me or responded to me in anyway, just people who felt they needed to be hurtful in their journals.  Okey dokey, then.  Two of them in particular bemoan their singleness.  Here's a hint (learned from much experience):  anger and fear aren't the aphrodisiacs they might seem to be.  'Nuff said.  Here's another weird thing: writing about something or someone has, in several instances, manifested that person or thing.  There's all kinds of synchonistic occurrences floating around and through my life.  It's a little bit ooky, it's a little bit fun.  As Honey Dijon, dj and drag diva extraordinaire once said to me during what must've looked like a particularly vivid ecstacy moment, "ride it out, girlfriend."  What's the point?  I'm sure I had one...oh wait, here it is (the puppy was chewing on it).  The point is, none of it --the good, the bad, the ugly, the strange, the comfortable and the un- -- none of it would have come to me if I hadn't put myself out there.  I guess I've been feeling a little battered, in general by the swirling strangeness that's entered through whatever portal my blog has created, but especially by an instance of perceived nastiness.  I think this is the point in my life where, historically, the discomfort makes me stop or shut down.  Well, I don't want to, I'm gonna keep putting my thoughts and energy and goofiness out there.  Not for you, whoever you are, but for me.  But then, everybody likes a boy that puts out, right?