 July 3, 1981   I don't remember the date,  per se .  I was a year out of high school, still living in Tampa, 19 years old and as out as I could be.  Were Biff and I dating then?  I think so.  We met at Busch Gardens (I was Entertainment, thus the elite, but he ran The Scorpion, hence he was hot).  We'd go with the whole gang to El Goya, dance on that postage-stamp dance floor.  At the height of the evening, usually an ABBA song, glitter would fall on us and stick to our sweaty skin and clothes.  I danced with my shirt on then, too embarrassed of my skinny body.  Besides, that was considered pretty racy.  The guys that did poppers on the dance floor took their shirts off.  The guys that brought the tambourines.  We dressed to go out and we danced together.  I was living in that one bedroom apartment in Hyde Park, the one that only had air conditioning in the living room.  We'd go to my house after dancing, drive there in Biff's two-tone orange Camaro, pull the mattress off the bed and drag it in front of the a/c.  Then we'd roll around for hours like puppies.  Because that's what we  were .  Sex was just fun, our bodies were playgrounds, not yet battlefields.  There were other bars in Tampa, too.  Rene's: strictly a low-rent drag bar, presided over by Tiffany Middlesex.  But attached to the main bar and surrounded by a high concrete wall was a pool that gave the place what little cache it had.  We joked that the pool was so filthy from all the action it got you could walk across it.  Then there was the Old Plantation, the "OP."  This was scarier.  Edgier.  This was where the big boys went to dance.  It was no frills, unfinished wood, Western.  Jordache, no shirts, sweaty, sexy.  It took me a long time to be able to walk in there, and a long time before I could walk in alone.  El Goya was somehow safe, the OP was hardcore.  Notorious.  If anyone saw you walk into the OP, there was no doubt you were gay, and no doubt what you were after.  Maybe it was that summer that the rumors started: "Don't dance too close to those sweaty guys at the OP.  You can catch something."  "What?"  "Just don't."  It didn't make sense to me then.  It doesn't now, either.  Of course it wasn't that simple and we got only slightly more information.  There wasn't any gay press in Tampa.  There was a gay bar rag that served all of south Florida, mostly ads for bars and baths, pictures of drag queens winning titles, and personal ads where men described themselves as Greek Active or Passive.  And the meager news we did get made even less sense.  Bodily fluids?  C'mon.  Sweat?  Spit?  Just cum?  And no one used rubbers.  Rubbers were bought by straight boys, what did we need them for?    Maybe it seems unbelievable today, but we just didn't believe it.  It seemed far away and unreal.  No one we knew was getting sick.  Granted, I was afraid of a lot of things in the gay scene (not that I would've admitted it...I masked it with strong, misguided judgements), so I never went to Club Tampa, the notorious bathhouse that my friend Pietro managed.  Group sex didn't titillate me.  Leather was for old guys.  I fumbled around in cars, or with my boyfriend, or if I was single with guys I'd meet at bars.  And to tell the truth, I swallowed sometimes but there wasn't a lot of Greek on the menu, passive or active.  So maybe my youthful innocence served me in a way I couldn't have guessed.  When I moved to New York, everything was different.  In 1983, the boys of Manhattan were spooked but good.  I remember that first year taking back to my miserable little residence hotel room on 77th and Broadway the kind of boy I thought I should marry.  He was like an idealized version of me: lean, glasses, smart...and scared to death.  Wiley, his name was...funny I should remember him.  He was awfully flirty in the bar, even on the way back, but once we were alone and got undressed the boy was terrified.  Afraid to touch, afraid of having a "port of entry" somewhere he hadn't checked, could only kiss with a closed mouth.  He finally gave up trying and got dressed, near tears, apologizing profusely.  Maybe I remember him because he was the only one who admitted to his fear so openly, the others just played along quietly.  I saw scarecrows everywhere then.  Walking, talking images I'd only seen before in documentaries about Auschwitz.  People would fall silent and whisper, "My God, he used to be so beautiful."  I couldn't imagine it.  Sometimes I wouldn't see someone for awhile and when they turned up, healthy and fat, I'd breath such a sigh of relief.  Sometimes I'd get calls from Florida.  I showed up to my favorite acting class one day and it was cancelled.  That was my first trip to Campbell's Funeral Home and I'll never go back.  The memorial services were cathartic.  But so many times it seemed that we were trying to distance ourselves from It as much as we were trying to mourn.  They were funny, though, we'd laugh a lot.  These were genuine productions with musical numbers and props and so many good stories.  And you'd leave with two thoughts: "That could've/should've been me" and "Who's next?"  Survivor's guilt.  It's embarrassing to talk about.  I sure as hell had it.  Have it.  I'd been around longer than some of those guys, I'd slept with more men, I'd been unsafe even after I knew better.  Why  not  me?  I dont have an answer.  It scares me still.  Sword of Damocles.  Id see a play like "As Is" or a movie like "Parting Glances" and my stomach would knot up, Id feel sick and a little dizzy.  For days after Id be checking my glands to see if they were enlarged.  Was that a bruise or KS?  If I got a little hot at night, Id worry it was nightsweats.  If this seems ridiculous to you now, all I can tell you is youre lucky.  Because it was a daily terror for me and I wasnt alone.  If you didnt have It now, then you were potentially "next."  Twenty years.  I cant wrap my mind around the fact that sex is still deadly.   Sex!   I cant believe that funny, fun, good men who shaped the man I am arent around with me now.  And I especially cant believe theyre not around because they Fucked Around.  Which now equals Fucked Up.  Which is insane.  I knew those men, I  am  those men.  What is it they wanted or did that had to end in their deaths?  Affection.  Companionship.  Love.  Warmth.  Sex.  I want those thingsis that my death sentence, too?  My blood and my semen could turn against me anytime.  The next time I look for some kind of intimacy with a man, for whatever reason in whatever manner, could cause me to test positive.  But Ive tried to shut down and that didnt work.  Shutting people out didnt either.  So I stumble along, still waiting for the word but still looking for love.  Remembering my brothers fallen, supporting my brothers fighting.  And all I really know twenty years later is theres  still  no sense, and  still  no blame.    And still no relief.