Summer In The City  It's impossible, even for me, to be filled with self-loathing when it's 65 degrees in Manhattan.  The breeze off the Hudson is cooling but not chilly, and it stirs the air that usually just hangs sullenly outside my building, waiting like a thug to grab me the minute I step outside, putting his dirty, hot hand over my mouth until I can wriggle free and step into the next haven of air cooling.  Nope, today I'll have to earn a sweat, it won't be handed to me.  My doorman's enjoying the breeze by standing smack in the center of the doorway, but he steps aside by the third time I ask and mumbles a drunken apology.  The stacks of garbage along 54th Street don't knock me over with their stench today, and even the urine-soaked steps of the R train aren't offensive.  Of the two remaining homeless people in my neighborhood, only one is still encased in layers of wool...but he has his shoes off, his feet soaking in the fountain in Fisher Park smoking a nub of a cigar.  Maybe the other one's taking a holiday on East 54th.  The sky is bright and clear and it makes the tops of buildings easier to see, so while tourists are gaping up I can easily maneuver around them, no need for me to scowl or mutter.  Boys on blades, boys on bikes, boys on skateboards.  Most of them in shorts and wrap around Oakley knock-offs that make them look like sexy bugs.  The Pakistani vendor on the corner smiles his craggy smile and I'm sure that a day like today is a blessing for him, too, because it keeps that $2 toupee from being itchy and sweaty.  And, man, do those synthetic fibers gleam in the sun!   The bruised fruit on his cart is less like Balducci's and more like 3:55am at The Lure, but I'm experienced at both and so I manage to walk away with some decent-looking bananas and a pound of juicy grapes and I have to smile because my thermogenics will burn through them before I've finished chewing.  Maybe later I'll make some Thai martinis, take the service stairs to the top, jimmy open the side window, break out onto the roof and enjoy the breeze and whatever I can glimpse through the windows of the surrounding hotels and apartment buildings.  Maybe you didn't recognize it, but the above is a valentine.  Sure, you've got fireflies and backyards.  I can see the Chrysler Building.