At 96th Street I turn onto Columbus and head downtown.  It's not raining nearly as hard as it was and I need to walk.  Even for Sunday evening it seems quiet, as though the rain has muted the city.  People on the street aren't talking, or theyre talking quietly; the taxis roll by softly, wetly.  I look through windows at people in diners, laundromats.  They seem content, relaxed.  I'm probably projecting.  Its just that I don't feel content.  The rain makes me sad, and I feel a diffused dissatisfaction.  But walking feels right.  So I walk past shops closing, quietly locking up and rolling down their gates and restaurants that used to be different restaurants.  Almost every other storefront has a memory for me, mostly from the time that this was  the  avenue to stroll on a weekend evening.  The rain is the perfect veil through which to see those other restaurants, those other shops, where I spent time with faces now lost, or forgotten.  Or discarded.  I have a call to return to one of those faces.  It's been a week and I cant pick up the phone.  We sometimes walked down Columbus Avenue, she and I, talking about shows and boys, of Big Plans for the Future.  It's the future now, and I can't face her.  Her Big Plans turned out different than wed discussed, but better.  Mine haven't turned out at all.  Those long ago nights we strolled for the company but also because we couldn't afford anything else.  All these years later I still can't afford anything else, but now there's shame, too.  Nothing to show for the passage of time.  She has a husband, a house, children.  I have what I've always had; what I had then, and nothing more.  Ephemeral as the rain.  Past 83rd Street and the building where I spent my first night in this city, exhausted and dreaming the big dreams.  At 80th Street the bar where I couldnt afford to drink, where the men were too glamorous and scary to talk to.  Id sit, instead, across the street on a bench behind the Museum of Natural History, watching those men entering and leaving the bar, waiting for the nerve to join them.  Now I walk past those benches, wet and deserted, the light beginning to fail and the dark green of the trees that line the museum seem almost to drip their dark color onto me.  And I wish I could pass the boy I was sitting on that bench tonight so I could just say hi, tell him its all gonna be okay.  Lie to him.  The skies open up a little more and the wind blows the rain onto my clothes, but its a warm rain and I guess I dont mind.  What do I say to those people who expected great things from me?  How do I say things are fine when things arent?  My house is a mess, my head is a mess.  The  shoulds  rain harder under this umbrella then the drops falling on the outside; I'm soaked in them.  And I do mind.  A couple sitting under an umbrella at an outdoor caf look down into their drinks not at each other, but their heads connect and protected from the downpour, theres tenderness.  My life lacks tenderness.  At the end of this walk is a cold apartment building full of neighbors I barely know and a series of rooms in disarray.  It doesnt seem like a life, but I suppose it must be.  Its not the satisfaction of knowing your place in life, of relaxing on your own porch and listening to rain through the leaves.  No, this is a life where the struggle is constant and the churning goes to bed with you and the rain thumps emptily on an air conditioner in a thirteenth-floor window.  Crossing 72nd Street and its astounding how its changed but hasnt.  Ive worked on this street, eaten and fought and kissed on this street.  Theres no proof of it, of course, the rains carried all traces of it eastward toward the park and westward to the river.  Those events exist in my mind and probably nowhere else.  Its even quieter now and I realize the rain has stopped.  I fold up my umbrella and feel the occasional drops from the buildings and streetlights.  I feel as good as Im able.  70th Street, 69th Street and I have to force myself not to think of two more people Ive disappointed.  Funny that they should live just a block apart, as if I were methodically working my way uptown and yet theres no pattern to my destruction, just random victims of my high pressure system.  I wish it would start raining again.  Feeling the water on my skin, on my clothes, made me feel like I was a part of something larger, instead of a part of, well, nothing at all.  But its stopped and the hushed voices are raising again, and the traffic is louder again.  I think, This is my city and the rains washed it clean.   This is my life and the rains changed nothing.