Turns Out Bette Midler Was Right...  And I got a couple of friends, but man oh man, one in particular.  Well, first I don't, in any way,  wanna discount the restorative powers of hearing   FuzzMuffin's  dirty little voice on my machine.  Or getting a let's-snap-you-out-of-it drink invite from the   MinxBot .  The goofy, showtuney email from   D'Levy  and a potentially helpful email from   BJ  both made me feel like a lot less like a big loser and that the whole world was pissed at me.  And really, what beats virtual milk and cookies, huh   Matteo ?  Y'know how you wanna send someone a note sometimes, say when something bad has happened or maybe someone's died or something, but you don't do it because you think maybe the sentiment seems trite or it's not really gonna make a difference anyway?  It makes a difference.  And what seems like trite to you, seems like a nice confirmation of things the person on the receiving end really wants/needs to hear.  I find myself at another stupid life juncture, but I feel a lot less stupid 'cause a couple of people were nice.  Thanks guys.  And then there's JSquared.  I've mentioned him before here.  Jon Jordan:  Hair Catalyst to the Stars, Diva Wrangler, Raconteur and my personal Auntie Mame.  He's the Mayor of Broadway, everybody knows him.  He's from a huge, lower, lower middle class Italian family, grew up in Bridgeport, his mother dealt drugs out of their kitchen...by all rights he ought to be dead or in jail or just extremely bitter.  Instead he's a total delight.  That family background just serves his legend.  With all those brothers and sisters in the house and a drug-ring to run, the cooking and cleaning fell to Baby Jon.   But because of that, he's the only person I know who can come to your house, open your refrigerator, find two olives, some flat 7-up, and soy sauce and make a sumptuous dinner for eight.  And that's barely an exaggeration.  He wandered into my life a few years ago, when he and his then roommate moved into my building and, after dating and dumping his roommate, I kept Jon Jordan.  We kept each other, I guess.  [NB:  He's almost never referred to as just Jon, it's always JonJordan -- one word -- and he likes it that way]  I've never known anyone like him.  He's part Debbie Reynolds and part Jack the Ripper.  He's a little Willie Wonka, a little Lucrezia Borgia, and a whole lotta .  There's enough Italian Grandmother mixed in there that making sauce is second nature and he can do it (and has) while he's talking on the phone  and  coloring someone's hair  and  designing a wig for Eartha.  And when someone's been just evil to us, that superstitious grandmother part makes us write down that person's name and put it in our shoes and walk around on it all day...I don't know if that voodoo works, but it always feels better to me.  He's got a saucy little swagger and really mischievous eyes.  He's very Thirties.  He's also very Grand-Luxe Fifties.  Because of a sort of passing acquaintance to Nathan Lane (and because he's usually all the place you expect Nathan to be) he's been mistaken for him once or twice.  Jon Jordan took it a step further by once asking Nathan if people mistook him for Jon Jordan.  Nathan was nonplussed.  Stars love him, though.  Chorus girls love him, too  Even the straight Local 1 guys love him.  He loves old MGM movies (especially the obscure ones), Judy, Liza, Marilyn, vintage bowling shirts, Chad Hardwick, laundry done by someone  any one else, KetelOne martinis-shaken-three-olives-dirty-no-not-dirty- filthy , The Theatre, white flowers, and, perhaps most importantly, an audience.  Oh sure, he's exasperating and quirky as hell, he's never on time, but the fabulousness far outweighs the rest.  He's also incredibly loyal.  Once you've found a way into Jon Jordan's heart, you're there to stay.  And he takes that very seriously.  Jon Jordan will do anything for the people he truly loves.  He's more than generous to his dozens and dozens of acquaintences and casual friends, but once you're Jon Jordan's  family , he'll stop at nothing to protect and defend and bring any pleasure he can.  A little over a year ago, when finances et cetera really started to unravel for me, I noticed that, of all my friends, Jon Jordan was the one to reach for the tab before I could, or just show up at my door with a big Tupperware of pasta fazoul he'd made too much off.  He didn't make a big deal out of it, he just did it.  Then when my mood began to turn ugly and desperate, he called me even more than our usual three or four nonsense calls a day, made up things to do, dyed my hair platinum to distract me, cursed my enemies louder than I did (oh yes, we had plenty o' names stuffed in our shoes).  Y'know how people say "I'll be there for you?"  He never said it.  He just was.  He  was .  In all the ways that mattered and then some.  Well, last night when I got home from the Evil Empire after all the job trauma, and still feeling like crap about disappointing David (and myself) by not making the trip, and wondering what I was gonna tell the IRS about their $10,000, and trying to figure out the ramifications of the lien that New York State has put against me for $4,000 (if I'm this poor, how come I owe so much in taxes?), and looking through the back of the closet for my Pseudo-Corporate Temp Wear in case I had to go answer phones at a law firm come Tuesday morning, etc., etc., Jon Jordan called to check on me.  I really had been fine, laughing about it even, but the minute I started talking to him I just broke.  Really.  Like an 8-year-old girl.  And Jon Jordan didn't tell me I'd be okay, or I'd pull through this like all the other times, or I'd feel better tomorrow.  Nope.  He said, "Honey,  we'll  get through this.  You're not alone, I'm with you.  We'll solve these problems together and I won't let you be homeless and toothless and poor.  I'll be right by your side and we'll face it all together and I promise we'll make everything right again.  I'm here."  The fear I  knew  I was carrying around, what I hadn't realized was how  alone  I felt.  Not lonely.  Alone.  An indescribably hollow feeling.  It's the Alone-ness that made me want to fall asleep at night and just never wake up again...sever my tether to this world and float on into whatever's next.  The Alone-ness was stark, cold-making, and something I could neither name nor put and end to on my own.  It was me running down endless, icy, stainless steel corridors to nowhere.  Nightmarish.  Until it was gone in that instant.  Evaporated.  Really, just that quickly.  I have Jon Jordan in my life, on my side, in my corner.  Cheerleading for the good things, cursing my foes to filth in Bridgeportese.  It's somehow a palpable energy.  Warm and cluttered and complicated and enveloping.  I know where it lives and I can go put my hands on it when they're shaky.  I feel far stronger and, in fact, I am.  It seems an odd lesson to learn on the brink of my 39th birthday, and oddly simplistic.  It's the kind of thing I'd probably mock in a movie (or someone else's blog).  More important than money, or jobs, or  things , is the solid knowledge that I'm not alone in the Universe.  There's someone in the world who will not let me fall down.  I've got Jon Jordan.  Wow.