So, here's a little bit of what happened.  At the end of last week, I got hit with a couple of unexpected bills.  Little things like, "pay this $200 or we'll turn off your electricity."  That's easy, you say, call ConEd and get a payment plan.  That  was  the payment plan.  The IRS was demanding some portion of the $10,000 that I owe them or they'd come and clean out my bank accounts, the guy that prepares my taxes wanted a little piece, I needed new contacts and both my insurance and my prescription had expired, etc., etc.  By Monday morning I was left with $300 in the bank and still a month behind in rent.  This probably wouldn't have been as big an issue if I'd been able to make some cash from my apartment sale or eBay auctions, but, well, I didn't.  In addition, the crowd of people who were so anxious to help me out with Dexter had disappeared.  Most into the fog that was Junior's Birthday.  There were people who offered to stop by and walk him every once in a while, but a dog is not a cat.  They're social animals, this one especially.  They need attention and food and walks.  Not just someone sporadically stopping by to check on them.  And I wasn't gonna let Dex be an afterthought.  I looked into kennels, but they were all at least $25 a day and that added up to way too much, especially for someone with $300 in the bank.  So I was already anxious when I got into work on Monday evening to find out that there was something afoot there as well.  After a year and a half, I was being asked to sign non-disclosure agreements and background check documents.  I've been through this before.  The background check especially.  One of the things they check is credit and, as we all know, my credit's the worst.  I was released from a temp job where they loved me because my credit sucked.  Was I handling money?  Nope.  Anything to do with funds?  Nope.  Just good ol' word processing, where tip-top credit is so important to job performance.  I figured my days were numbered here and I couldn't leave town not knowing whether or not I had a job to jump back into to make up for the two weeks of not working.  I couldn't afford to let that stretch into another week or two without work.  Now I'd been letting David know all along that things weren't falling into place.  He didn't seem worried.  Let me amend that: he didn't seem interested.  He blithely told me that everything would work out, without asking me anything concrete about the issues at hand or offering any suggestions.  For instance, regarding Dex, he offered: "I'm sure we can get someone to stop in and check on him."  Sorry, not good enough.  I tried to tell him about the money issues and he offered, "well, if you need an extra hundred, let me know."  Ummm, no, I need an extra $1,000.  Anyway, I finally called him Monday night and said that I didn't see how I could leave with so much up in the air.  I got him on his cellphone, he was in a bar with a friend, and all he could say was "So you're saying you're not going?"  I explained that I wanted to go very much, but how could I?  He said, "I can't talk to you about this now" and hung up.  It's the last time we've talked.  Did he want to know more about why I couldn't go?  Did he offer to leave whatever bar he was in and come talk this over with me?  No, he just hung up.  And now I'm the most hated boy in Puppetland.  I came into the Evil Empire today and everyone I work with has been fired.  I have a job until Saturday.  So I called my temp agency and the first thing they said was, "Awwwww, and the market is so terrible right now...that's too bad..."  Heartening.  Well, at least I have a long weekend to decide what to do.  Send your sleeping pills, tranquilizers, barbituates, etc., in an umarked envelope, care of Everlasting Blogstalker, New York City, New York 10011.