Details, Details...  I think other people handle these sorts of trips very well.  I used to be one of those people.  I've seen the world, beheld it's wonders.  And now look at me:  I haven't been off the Island of Manhattan (except for my brief visit to Brooklyn with   Choire ) for over a year.  Maybe I'm out of practice.  There just seem to be too many details; it's the worst possible time to leave.  So I talk it over with the dog and I make lists.  But now I'm wandering around with things on my list like "buy blue hair for chaps" and "remind David about the picture-thingy so we don't have to look for it" and "Allen's mouse box and pot."  It still makes sense to me, but I fear soon it won't.  I'm being awfully brave, though.  Y'see, I'm taking one of those leaps.  I'm acting somewhat on faith that this is the right thing to do (not easy for a Virgo).  After all, what deeply-in-debt homo decides to take a two-week vacation when he doesn't even get vacation pay?  It's a little crazy and, quite possibly, self-destructive.  However, I feel compelled to make this journey.  Not just for the vacation aspect, although naturally I'm very much looking forward to being in new places and people.  I feel almost as though I'm supposed to take this trip; that at the end, or maybe somewhere in the middle, there'll be an epiphany, or some sort of life altering moment, and at the other end things will be clearer, better.  Hell, that sounds even crazier, doesn't it?  But I do feel there's a larger reason for me to be travelling, I've felt something vague but gut-level ever since it was offered to me, and I'm gonna go with it.  Really, could I be any worse off?  So, if you're interested, here's what you can do:  Be supportive.  Don't let me dwell too much on the negative.  Tell me my ass looks hot in those chaps.  Maybe show up on Sunday and buy something (yeah, I'm trying the apartment sale one more time).  Perhaps post yourself along our travel route with pie and Gatorade.  It's small to you, but it's scary to me.  And while I usually avoid this sort of thing, Goddess help me I'm actively looking for nice.  For comfort.  Be Kind To Charlie.  Oh yeah, Valium wouldn't hurt, either.