The Dream About The Squid  Man, has it stuck with me.  It should be funny.  Actually, in the retelling, lots of it  sounds  funny in the retelling, but I can't tell you how terrified I was when I awoke.  And some of that terror lingers still.  I guess the fact that I was anxious about this apartment sale that never really took off plays largely into it.  Also, giving into depression, I ordered in lasagna and, yes, fried calamari.  And then I had a dream about a squid.  Does anyone remember when exactly I became a parody of myself?  Nevertheless, after that heavy meal I fell into a deep, narcotic sleep on the sofa and had this long, very detailed dream, which I'm going to recount in fragments.  I apologize in advance for the incoherence which follows.  I do not, however, apologize for the insanely pop-psych symbolism included in my nightmare.  The first part involves becoming aware that a robbery has occurred.  Quite a lot of money has been stolen and the culprit is a somewhat infamous thief.  Not long after I'm walking down a street by the Hillsborough River in Tampa (blocks from where I grew up) and I see the theif suspended above the ground between two trees in a sort of net.  Below him is a large jar that contains the money.  I see that, to safeguard it, he's also placed in the jar a huge and vicious squid (do squid even have foul tempers?).  I realize that I can get the money out of the jar, simply by pulling it out with a stick, which I do.  I remember counting the money and finding it odd that it was mostly small bills and not in any order (a twenty, then some ones, then a fifty, then another twenty, etc.).  The squid is now also out of the jar and has grown somewhat larger and is menacing the thief (who's out of the net and on the ground somehow).  There's a car between the two of them and the theif yells at me to help him.  I yell back that he can certainly outrun a squid, but he says I don't understand.  I'm walking toward a bridge at the end of the block (the Buffalo Boulevard Bridge), one that I used to cross all the time as a boy.  As I look back over my shoulder, I see that the squid is transforming into a huge, menacing man, large and dark with a stern look on his face, and he's beginning to follow me.  I'm startled, but I'm not yet too worried as his lower half is still mostly squid and I can make better time.  The next part I remember is being in a store of some kind, maybe a grocery store.  I try to tell the security guards about the squid, but I don't remember it doing much good.  Not that they didn't believe me, just that they were ineffectual.  No one knew what to do or seemed to have any urgency about it.  At some point the man-creature catches up with me and I realize that by pouring water on him he'll go back to being a squid.  I wrap him up in several plastic garbage bags and head back over the bridge to the police station.  Now the police station I've been referred to is, in reality, the one that's just down my block here in New York.  The location of it in my dream is, again, on the riverbank, close to where I discovered the money in the first place.  On my way back toward the bridge, I'm intercepted by a Japanese woman who doesn't speak much English.  I'm not sure how or why, but I get talked into going up to her fourth-floor walkup apartment to help her with something.  I've explained to her that I have to get the squid to the police station before he turns back into a man so he doesn't hurt anyone, but having him wrapped up so small, even I don't seem too worried about it.  But being in the heat seems to have an effect on the squid and, even though I wrap it up in another garbage back, it's beginning to get bigger again, much like dough rising.  As I finally get out of this Japanese woman's apartment (and I swear, while I was annoyed with her, I don't know why I was there), I notice that the bag has broken and the squid is out.  There's fluid dripping from the bag and I hear a scuffle, maybe even a scream, from the apartment I just left and I break out into a run.  Now I'm running down the street toward the bridge, but I can't move my legs very fast at all.  And I can't seem to walk up the bridge either.  It's very high and, while it's a smooth ramp up, I can't seem to get anywhere.  I know that the man-squid is going to come after me soon, and it makes me panic, but my legs just won't move.  I think this is the part where I woke up.  I know there was another long part that took place in a ballroom, with a stage and secret rooms off the balconies, but I can't remember why I was there or with whom.  Actually, re-reading this, it seems kinda stupid.  But I was sweating and couldn't move my arms or legs when I woke up and my heart was racing.  There was so much detail in this dream, especially the parts taking place by the river and the bridge, things I hadn't remembered for years, that I was disoriented as to where I was, even wondering if I was back in Tampa for a minute or two.  I know it's all anxiety about money and traveling and moving, etc.  Also, a good warning that I shouldn't eat fried calamari.  But I don't ever need to see the squid-man again.  Ever.  All in all, I would rather have   dreamt about Julianne Moore ...