Sunday, Bloody Awful Sunday  I cleared a whole afternoon.  I posted signs all over the neighborhood.  I dusted and cleaned all the items for sale and moved them into the living and dining rooms.  And I waited.  I chatted online with   Chay  and   Todd  and I waited.  I ordered Italian food and I waited.  Oh sure, the Pakistani woman with the shrieking child who kept throwing things at my dog showed up fairly early.  She offered me $5 for my $700 dinner table.  She offered me $5 for all of my Fiestaware.  She offered me $5 for my weight bench.  I finally let her have some bowls for $5 and asked her to leave and to take her shrill, dog-hating spawn with her.  She was the least weird and annoying person who passed through my door all day.  Of course, there were only 6 or 7 people who passed through my door the whole day.  I finally locked the door and threw myself on the sofa for a little nap before my bowling date.  I can't even completely explain the nightmare I had, but it was so horrifying, and involved so much personal imagery, that I'm surprised I was able to revive from it at all.  I awoke two hours later so groggy and disoriented that I would gladly have drifted back into my horrible dream just to avoid consciousness, but I had to drag my ass down to Bowlmore Lanes to meet friends.  Bowling.  I don't get it.  I don't think it's easy, I just don't get it.  And it's not even cheap.  $4 for the shoe rental  (which left me with only $1 from my sale), plus $6.95 per person per game.  To roll a ball.  I guess I was just out of sorts from my failed apartment sale and my very weird nightmare.  I didn't even enjoy the deep fried foods that were offered.  I wanted pie.  They had no pie.  Fine.  Yesterday was also the last day for several items I had up for auction on eBay.  They didn't sell either.  I did get weird email about them.  One kind of nasty exchange with the hack author of a second-rate musical theatre memoir, and another exchange from some weirdo who wanted me to donate my items to his not-for-profit organization.  I explained that I was very much for-profit and couldn't help him out.  He keeps sending me email.  I keep thinking about my dinner and movie date with an old friend on Saturday night.  He wouldn't let me pay for a thing, he kept telling me to put the cash towards my road trip fund, and did his best to make me feel like this was all just a too-long rough patch rather than let me feel like a big loser.  And as much as I appreciated his efforts, I felt even more like a big loser.  C'mon, when someone offers to pay for your anti-depressants, what other conclusion is there?