The Big Apple of My I  What was it that reminded me?  Was it walking past my old apartment building on Ninth Avenue?  Or hearing that Joe Jackson song?  Whatever it was, it occurred to me this morning that it's my anniversary month.  In August 1983 (I used to remember the exact day), I finally moved home.  That's right, 20-year-old Charlie packed up three suitcases (two soft-sided ones stuffed with clothes, one old blue hardsided Samsonite full of books and scripts and music), stuffed his pockets with all the money he had in the world ($250), hopped on a People's Express flight, and moved to New York City.  It wasn't a difficult decision and I can't remember my mother even pretending to be surprised by it.  I wasn't scared or apprehensive in the least, regardless of the fact that I had never even  visited  New York.  My friend Karen, who'd been living here for about a year and the only person I knew in the City, found me a month-long sublet in Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn (a lovely Mafia-controlled neighborhood) and promised to meet me at the Newark Airport and that's all the preplanning I did.  Ah, youth.  I was as tall then as I am now (5'11"), but I probably weighed about 140lbs (that would be some 50lbs less than I do now).  I had large, clear hornrim glasses, almost too big for my skinny face, and very soon an Astor Place Barber buzzcut.  I remember a few years later seeing a photograph of myself that first year and I looked like I'd just been released from a P.O.W. camp.  I got the first job I applied for, selling vintage clothing at the Antique Boutique, which mostly involved hauling scratchy, woolen overcoats in an unairconditioned store in 90 degree heat.  But I was in New York!  That job must've paid something like $6 an hour.  All I could afford for lunch every day was a chicken parmigiana sandwich and an iced tea from the DeLeon Deli and I'd take it over to Washington Square and eat and people watch.  The West Village was still very gay and the East Village was still very punk and here the twain met...plus NYU students, tourists, drug dealers.  I think I fell somewhere in the middle of all those types in my sleeveless Antique Boutique t-shirt (ill-advised, considering my li'l spaghetti arms), gay glasses, punk haircut, funky Canal Jeans chemical warfare pants and, probably, red Converse high tops.  I felt very much a New Yorker lunching there.  After just a couple of weeks, the machinations of the evil sisters who shared the other half of my sublet helped solidify my decision to move into Manhattan and so I dragged my three suitcases through the streets of Manhattan to find temporary housing.  I ended up in a couple of different residence hotels.  Bed, sink, bathroom down the hall.  The kind of places where you pulled up the shade in the morning and the light in the room changed not at all.  Beyond broke, I borrowed a hotplate and a pot from Karen and I'd buy generic macaroni (remember generic food?), boil it on the hotplate, drain it, then stir in the generic sauce a little at a time so the macaroni would heat it.  Mostly I drank room temperature, generic instant tea (meant to be iced, but no fridge = no ice).  But so what?  I was a starving actor in New York!  It was romantic.  I quit Antique Boutique because they were awful people and, hell, this was my new life -- I didn't have to put up with that anymore.  There followed a series of colorful jobs, left for more or less the same reason: cocktail waiter at Uncle Charlie's, bottle sorter at Uncle Charlie's,   old fashioned switchboard  answering service operator, touring with a two-man marionette production of "The Wizard of Oz,"   Bloomingdale's  deli clerk,   Macy's cologne squirter  ("Try Aramis today?"), candy butcher in a shop on Christopher Street called Sweet Stuff, waiter in a "gay" restaurant (we had "gay" restaurants in the '80s), et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.  They all paid lousy, but I managed.  Many nights I'd walk all the way home from Broadway and Eighth Street all the way up to Broadway and 77th to save that extra 75 cents.  Didn't matter.  The jobs, the scrimping...it was all fodder for stories I'd tell on Carson.  Most importantly in those early weeks, I had my first New York audition.  When I think back on it I realize that, for such a smart boy, I really was kinda green.  But that was the reason I was here and I wasn't gonna wait too long before jumping in.  I had a Tony to win by the time I was 30, damnit!  I scoured Backstage for just the right show to introduce me to New York, and wrote the details down in my Professional Actor's Datebook.  It was all the way uptown, 103rd and Fifth, at the Rosetta LeNoire Theatre for   Amas Rep's  production of   Mama, I Want To Sing .  I'm sure I was nervous as hell, but the details are blurry except for what I sang.  Yes, Ladies and Germs, I gave 'em "  Corner of the Sky !"  And you know what?  They were  nice .  Really nice. No snickering, no New York attitude.  Maybe they thought I was crazy, a skinny white boy singing "Pippin" for them so he could be in their gospel musical, or maybe they could just tell how young I was and guessed it was my first New York audition, but they were  nice .  Not nice enough to cast me, but three or four auditions later and I got my first-ever season of summer stock.  I remember getting the call (from a woman named Peggy, whom I've never seen or heard from since, but I remember her name) that I'd be whisked up to New London, New Hampshire (via Trailways), rehearse and perform in a full season of shows, but also help make costumes, build sets and props, and help keep the theatre and its grounds neat and tidy.  We'd be housed and fed in a ramshackle cast house (the boys all sharing one large, bizarre dorm room with, I swear, little cubbies that looked like train compartments, complete with a curtain to pull across for privacy).  And at the end of this exciting, fun-filled summer, we'd receive a stipend of $100.  I was so excited I couldn't sleep that night and I made my roommate Kevin take a walk with me where I literally danced with joy down West 47th Street.  I was a working New York Actor!  Eighteen years later I'm a little harder to please, a little wiser about the world, but more or less still after the same things.  Oh yeah, I've changed a lot, and so has New York.  My first year in Manhattan there were   Checker cabs  everywhere, and  way  better than any limo.  The zipper in Times Square wasn't digital, it was made of thousands of little incandescent bulbs.  In fact, Times Square itself was still full of bawdy hookers and shady characters hawking watches from their coats, Salvation Army missions and seedy movie theatres that used to be grand movie palaces, and even a Weinerwald.  I found it Runyonesque.  There was an RCA Building, a PanAm Building, and an Alvin Theatre, but barely any Trump buildings.  God, I used to stop in my tracks, especially in Times Square, and remind myself "I live here!"  I'd go back to Florida for a visit and people would ask me, "How can you stand that place?" but it was Tampa I couldn't stand, where'd I'd felt uncomfortable; been the odd one.  New York embraced me the minute I arrived, wondered what'd taken me so long, pulled me across town to show me something fascinating.  I was besotted then, I'd do anything to be with her, a part of her.  Eighteen years later we're a little more like an old married couple.  I guess I take the City somewhat for granted now.  I'm impatient with the crowds and construction and street vendors.  That first year, whenever I was headed somewhere I'd been before, I'd map out a different route so I could experience new streets, get to know every inch.  Now I tend to map the shortest, least populated route.  But, honestly, I don't love her any less.  And though I'm contemplating a temporary separation, I could never divorce myself from her.  I grew up here.  I raised myself here.  I became myself here.  Manhattan was my incubator and my playground and my crucible.  Being a New Yorker is as much a part of my identity as being male, or being gay.  For New Yorkers the City is a character in our stories; a member of our family that we fight with, tolerate, get embarrassed by, but ultimately love completely and defend utterly.  So, eighteen years ago I came home for the first time.  A Native New Yorker...just born somewhere else.  And, in spite of everything, do I  still  love New York?  Fuhgeddaboutit!