Hell, It Beats Actually Writing...  I have:  Slept too much in the past few days. I see:  Larger meaning in everything. I hate:  The immediate circumstances of my life. I wonder:  Whats next? I miss:  The certainty of youth. I find:  Dog hair everywhere. I want:  A more settled life. I regret:  Waiting so long for the fear to dissipate. I need:  Lots o cash and a job on Broadway. I wish:  My dog could talk. I fear:  Being old and alone. I hear:  Whats not said. I love:  Being backstage after half hour. I smell:  What The Rock is cooking. I crave:  Affection. I feel:  Confused about how I got here.   When was the last time you...  Talked to an ex:  Just before he married someone else. Kissed someone:  I believe it was "goodbye" on Monday. Were sarcastic:  Unceasingly Laughed:  A minute ago Cried:  Last night after   this exchange : Josh:  "If you were in the hospital, I wouldn't stop for a beer"  Donna:   If you were in the hospital I wouldnt stop for red lights. Had a nightmare:  Last week. Danced:  Saturday night. Smiled:  On the phone, long distance, just a few minutes ago. Bought something?  A couple of hours ago (chocolate croissant for my lovely co-worker, Irene) Last book you read:  The Latchkey Dog Last song you heard:  Useless Landscape (  Ella Fitzgerald Sings the Antonio Carlos Jobim Songbook ) Last movie you saw:     Hedwig & The Angry Inch.     He  and I sang along. Last thing you had to drink:  Diet Coke Last time you showered:  Yesterday Last thing you ate:  New York Cheesecake Frozen Yogurt w/Chocolate Cookie Crunch  Do you...  Smoke:  Nope. Do drugs:  Occasionally and responsibly. Live in the moment:  I wish. Sleep with stuffed animals:  Nope, just one very real one. Have sex:  Sex, yeah.  What happened to making love? Play an instrument:  Used to play French Horn. Had a dream that keeps coming back:  Oh yeah. Believe there is life on other planets:  I do. Believe it's possible to remain faithful forever?  God, I hope so. Consider yourself tolerant of others:  Who are these others? Remember your first love?  Very well. Have any straight friends?  Yup, I think theyre cute. Read the newspaper?  Online.  Mostly Arts and Obituaries. Still love your first love?  And I always will. Believe in miracles:  Yup. Have a favorite candy?  Snickers really satisfies me.  'Course I like them Mike & Ike's, too... Wish on stars?  Sometimes the first star I see, sometimes shooting stars. Believe in God:  I believe in something, but I dont think its God. Believe in magic:  Yeah, but not the Doug Henning kind. Believe in astrology?  Im a Virgo, you decide. Like the taste of alcohol:  After the first one, hell yeah. Hate yourself?  Regularly Talk to strangers who IM you:  Why not? Have any bad habits:  No.  No, no, no, no, no, no. Like your handwriting:  Very much. Collect anything?  Writings, letters, and documents of the Algonquin Round Table and Theatre Ephemera Have a secret crush?  Secret?  Probably not Have any piercings?  Just the ears.  Why do you think I should do a nipple or something? Have any tattoos:  One.  Bacchus.  Its in a special place. Go to church:  No, Twilo closed. Have any pets:  I live with a dog, Dexter, but I wouldnt call him a pet.  Hes more like a son. Wear hats:  Does anyone still wear a hat? Pray:   Only in moments of dire need and very nonspecifically. Believe in ghosts:  Yes! Care about looks?  Did I mention Im gay? Believe in Satan:  Did I mention Im gay? Believe in witches?  Well, after working out I do get that   Endora  rush Have a best friend:  Yes.