Keep Passing The Open Windows    This article  about Susannah McCorkle scares the hell outta me.  I guess because I understand too well the feeling of being so ready to give what you have as an artist with no outlet for it and the resulting desperation.  I envy writers and painters the fact that they can craft their art alone.  Sure, they eventually need to take their art to the world, but a performing artist needs an audience first and foremost -- there isn't any point to his art without it.  I can't sit at home and act up a storm, put it in a jar, and go try to sell it later; what I do is crafted for an audience, with an audience; it changes and is elevated by it, and sometimes dies with it.  Wanna know a secret that probably isn't a secret?  Everything that's wrong with my life could be put right with one good project.  If I had a good, solid place to channel my creative energy, to feel useful and respected, to play and work at something I truly love, well...all the rest of it would fall into place or, at the very least, into perspective.  Being an actor isn't just a hobby or something I do for attention or because it's easier or more glamorous than having a "real" job.  If I could've been happy being anything else, trust me, I'd have done it.  But this is what I am; it's what I'm best at.  Coming offstage after you've nailed a scene is the most amazing high there is.  No, wait, there might be one better:  running across a stranger on the street or in a store who comes up to you a little shyly, tells you they saw your show last week, and then tells you, in detail, about the thing you did that made them laugh so much.  And then  they  thank  you .  Imagine: I did something good.  Why shouldn't that make everything right?  And why shouldn't the absence of that make me sad and angry and a little crazy?  My cabaret and recording careers are nowhere near as impressive as Susannah's.  I've never played the Oak Room (more like Don't Tell Mama).  Still I feel the same anguish about having no outlet for my art.  I don't wanna be famous, I don't have that need.  I want to work and to put my perspective out there through my medium.  I know what I've got to give is complicated and challenging, sometimes a little dark and damned quirky, but doesn't it deserve as much of a hearing as, say, "Oops I Did It Again?" or "Joe Dirt?"    Unlike Susannah, I've managed to "keep passing the open windows."  But for how much longer?