Notes from a Functioning Neurotic  Didja ever have one of those summers where you just can't wake up?  I've been trying to shake off this nap since early June.  No luck.  Every morning the clock radio wakes me up around 9ish, and I get up to turn it off, thinking I'll just get out of bed and start my day, but Morpheus always starts with "C'mon back to bed, baby, just for another few minutes, then I'll get up and make the coffee."  Which, of course, he never does.  The dog is always like, "Don't fall for that again, it'll be noon and you'll still be sleeping" but why should I listen to him?  He doesn't even have thumbs.  So I crawl back in and snuggle and somewhere around 1pm I finally become lucid and notice that not only is Morpheus way gone, but so's half the cash in my wallet and my fake Prada shoes.  Whatever...  Didja ever write something semi-fictional, just to work it out and try to stretch those muscles, and find out that other people react to it very strongly?  This is called a "hot button" issue and it has nothing to do with the author.  The author acknowledges that.  Didja ever meet someone for the first time and pick up in the middle of a conversation you started in some other life?  Remember that scene in "Xanadu" where they're in a recording studio that has all these different sets and effects built in it to inspire that bands that record there?  And then Olivian Newton-John and that guy that never made another movie start skating around in it and singing?  That was cool.  Didja ever buy a container of cottage cheese, put it in the refrigerator, then later open it and notice that it was already opened and someone had taken a couple of scoops out of it?  So you take it back to the store with the receipt and they apologize up and down and give you a new one?  And then you come home and put the new one in the fridge and realize that the container you bought before is sitting at the back of the shelf and you just indignantly returned an old container of cottage cheese that you yourself had partially eaten?  Yeah, me neither.  Didja ever have an apartment sale?  'Cause I'm having one on Sunday.  I have little signs to post all around the neighborhood and everything.  But then I'm gonna have strangers come into my apartment and haggle with me about the price of my things.  And that's a little weird.  Did it seem weird to you when you had your apartment sale?  Wanna come sit with me and help me haggle?  What I think I want is some crispy, crispy fried chicken.  And some sort of buttery biscuit.