Revenge of the B-List  I wish you could've seen my face when I opened it.  Actually, I wish  I  could've seen my face.  And, most importantly, I wish I could've seen Blaine's face.  I recognized the return address on the envelope and, the truth is, I almost tossed it.  I mean, another glossy "invite" featuring a different-but-same glossy muscle boy wearing a different-but-same glossy g-string beckoning us to a different-but-same glossy Saturday night dance party that anyone who's going dancing is already going to anyway.  Why bother?  But the shape of it was different and my curiousity got the better of me.  In retrospect, I'm glad it did.  I wonder, was Pandora just a little bit glad, too?  I ran to the phone and called Blaine at his office, hoping he wasn't on one of his non-smoking breaks.  He wasn't.  "Blaine Hargadon," he answered in his butch phone voice.   "Hey missy," I said. "Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!" he responded, his voice soaring an octave.  Blaine can go from Manly to Mary in 0.3 seconds. "Are you sitting down?" I asked, and I blurted my news.   "How did   you   get one?" he screeched.  I knew what he meant, actually agreed in a way, but it still made me a little huffy.   "Maybe they finally ran out of A-List, dear.  Or perhaps I'm part of some sort of cultural exchange program, like the Fresh Air Fund.  I know, maybe they're bussing in queers who don't have trust funds but do have fat cells as an anthropological experiment." "Oh relax.  It's just that, I, uh, I mean...don't you think it's odd that you'd get a Gold Card out of the blue?" "What you really mean is, don't I think it's odd that I got a Gold Card and you didn't?" "Of course that's what I mean!" "Clearly there's been some hideous mistake and the minute I present it at the door I'll be wrestled to the ground by a couple of testosterclones in hazmat gear.  But until that happens, I think we're gonna get to swim in the shallow end of the pool for a change..."  Now, don't get me wrong: I'd love to be in with the in-crowd.  Who wouldn't?  We're all basically recovering from high school.  We  all  wanna be popular.  We  all  wanna sit at the cool table in the cafeteria.  We  all  wanna get chatted up by the elite between classes.  Especially fags.  We spent a lot of our time back then either trying to be invisible in the hallways so we wouldn't get beat up or counseling cheerleaders on whether or not to go all the way (I always voted for yes).  So when those of us who grow up and move away to a gay mecca finally realize it's high school all over again, we do our damndest not to fall back into that same pattern.  We reinvent.  We workout.   We buy hair product and good shoes.  We become hyper-aware of our selves and our surroundings all the time in order to create the best impression.  And, in many cases,  we relinquish most of the things that make us  interesting  in order to be  popular .  Some of the time it actually works.  I'm living proof that one can improve one's gay station in life (I've even maintained most of my personality).  But the sad fact is, if you're not inately A-List, you probably never will be.  Unless you come into a great deal of money, or win a Tony or something, that wall just can't be scaled.  Even marrying in doesn't guarantee you a permanent spot, 'cause the minute that marriage is over so's your identity (unless part of your settlement includes the house in the Pines).  But a Gold Card.   Well .  It was like opening a Wonka Bar and finding the golden ticket.  In the last reel you may not walk away with factory, but you definitely get to go inside and have a good look at it.  Maybe even touch an Oompah-Loompah.  And now I had one.  Go figure.  Two years ago I was in a passionless relationship, 50 pounds heavier, with a bad haircut and a mild form of gay agoraphobia.  Thanks to Blaine, I'd started going back to the gym for more than a sneak peek in the showers, discovered that it made me feel good about myself, shed the pounds and most of the hair, and for the first time in five years bought clothes that didn't use color and large buttons to divert attention from my body.  I'd even allowed Blaine and Alex to take me dancing at the Palladium, and I allowed myself to actually enjoy it.  The music was great, the three of us laughed and ogled boys, and I came back to life.  Or rather, came to a new life, one I couldn't have imagined before or during Peter.  A life of fun, good friends and where I actually liked myself.  Pursuing my own happiness.  Perhaps this Gold Card nonsense was just the Universe signalling to me that I was on the right path, a reward for taking care of myself, a signpost of even better things to come.  Mostly likely, though, it was a clerical error.  Didn't matter, I was ready to take this baby out for a spin.  I guess you're wondering what all the fuss is about, huh?  If you are, that probably means you have a sensible life, probably outside of one of the Big Gay Towns, and more than likely you know what "escrow" means.  New York City is a different animal.  You, The People, live your lives in homes with yards.  We, the Urban Gays, live our lives in public: bars, clubs, coffeehouses, the Runway Known As Eighth Avenue, the gym.  I know it sounds shallow, but it really...oh hell, of course it is.  A little.  But it's also fun, as long as you keep your sense of humor and don't give your life over to it.  I think they call it  balance .  But when going out becomes a career, when you're on the guestlist, when you can discuss the finer performance points of DJs and have slept with at least three, when your picture is splashed across the back pages of HomoXtra, when you spend a whole day picking out a $250 shirt that you'll deposit in coat check the minute you get in the club, when you can calculate in your head the distance of a particular trick on Eighth Avenue, figure in his body fat percentage times his potential for getting you a discount at Barney's, multiply it by who you're with, divide it by who he's with, also factoring in who's in his house on the Island and come up with the appropriate greeting (in this case, the Moving Air Kiss), then you're probably A-List.  And one of the biggest accoutrement of the A-List is the Gold Card, bestowed by our city's most prominent party promoter, Jack Flair.  The lucky bearer of the Gold Card waits not in line, nay, nor any of his posse.  He pays not to enter clubs (said posse only gets a discount).  All manner of libation are discounted.  Just a flash of the Gold can make a fellow faggot turn Green.    I know, I know...it doesn't sound like much.  And it's not.  A Gold Card can't heal the lame.  It can't turn loaves and fishes into a high-protein, low-carb meal for a hundred.  It can't turn baby aspirin into Ecstasy.  It has no power unless you  believe  it does.  But boy, do  They  believe.   They  have a goodly portion of the population convinced, too.  Jack Flair has hypnotized Gay Cafe Society into believing that to possess a Gold Card is to possess true enlightenment and inner (not to mention outer) beauty.  Of course, if you have a White Card, you can certainly wait in line, pay your cash and dance around, yes quite near, to the Gold Cards.  Maybe even catch their eye or over hear a snippet of their conversation.  Anybody can get a White Card.  They all but foist them on you.  Ordinarily  I'm  a White Card.  That was  then , this is now.  [To Be Continued]