Living Several Cliches  What, you thought I hadn't lived through turning 39?  Actually, an amazing thing happened: I woke up that morning 35.  And I'm sticking with it.  Besides, Gay 39 is different from Straight 39, it's essentially the equivilent of Straight 32, so saying I'm 35 is hardly lying.  Besides, I'm not getting older, I'm getting...what ever  Becky.    It's an interesting thing having a birthday in the middle of a crisis, the things that get celebrated are much simpler.  I got a couple of presents, but I didn't need them.  What I got was a highly amusing lunch with Jon Jordan and dinner with four men who I don't see as much as I'd like but who are clearly my family.  We ate Italian food at a restaurant that was losing business from the double whammy of terrorism and the Jewish holidays.  We laughed, of course we talked about  IT , but mostly we sat around that table and smiled at each other and it was simple and right.  Allen gave me a gorgeous pop-up book of The Wizard of Oz, intricate and extravagant, to remind me that there still beauty in the world, even if we have to look a little harder for it at the moment.  I also got a lot of unexpected but amazing email.  I guess when I blab about my birthday on the World Wide Internet it must seem like I'm advertising it, but I honestly didn't expect the great wishes that came to me.  Yeah, I cried.  But it was great and I thank you all.  On my way to meet my pals for dinner, I stopped in at a watering hole (heh, heh..I said  hole ) in Chelsea for a Birthday Libation.  I figured I was gonna be all weepy and sloppy all night anyway, might as well make it vodka-flavored.  The bartender that night was a friend who had worked with an old boyfriend of mine at a different Chelsea watering hole (I said  hole  again) and so, in addition to my drink he made me a birthday shot and we chatted a bit.  He asked me to come the following night to his game show "Your Date With Destiny" which, another shot later, turned into me being the lucky contestant.  I'll spare you the details as they've been   very    widely    reported  (and may I just say in my own defense I'm much cuter and thinner in person, and there were free drinks involved).  But working in the   shop  on Wednesday afternoon I got a   surprise    visit  that made me grin like a goofball.  We met again after work, headed downtown, hopped to various bars, purchased fetishwear, ate matzoh ball soup, met and attempted to bed an artist who'd consumed not only four Valium but red wine from a diner (well, the latter might've been just me...I have no luck with kickboxers.  I always get an Error 404), all of it mindless fun and stupidly funny.  Wasn't until I was walking Dex before going to bed (at 6:00am) that it occurred to me that it was the first full day in over a week that I hadn't cried once.  And I didn't feel guilty about it.  I still have a lot of sadness and, I'm sure, fear of sorts, but I managed to get distracted long enough to be happy.  Sounds easy, but just a couple of days before, allowing myself to feel light about anything seemed disgusting to me.  As they say, time heals...  And whilst I don't wanna give him too much credit, lest his handsomely-shaped noggin grow to absurd and unattractive proportions, if you're feelin' mighty low, go to your local depot and meet the train they call   The City of New Orleans ...they serve up an Eye-talian dish that'll keep a smile on your face for days and days.  The following few days were all about trying to return to normal.  I might eventually write about them in more detail, but what concerned me was that we actually  might  be returning to normal.  I mean the old, get-outta-my-way, shut-yer-stinkin'-trap, I-was-here-first, normal.  I can't do that anymore.  Me, Impatient New Yorker #1.  I can't.  I won't.  I've seen the enemy and it was me.  I've also seen that it won't kill me, or anyone else, to be a little nicer, a little easier.  But I saw the kindness, the gentleness with each other, ebbing slowly.  A little too much honking of the horns.  A few more exasperated sighs.  Sharpish comments under the breath.  The slow withdrawal of eyes meeting eyes.  Of course, I thought to myself, it had to go back to before.  We came together, showed our strength, and now we return to " excuse me the line starts over here ."  And there's not a damn thing I can do about it.  I don't expect New Yorkers to live in perpetual mourning, but I was positive some of the caring would linger.  I started to get depressed about it, and a little anxious that this moment in our City would end up just an anecdote of war, and the World Trade Center would become the Archduke Francis Ferdinand of the 21st Century, and all the candles and flyers and, hell, sandwiches would end up being as pointless as the attack itself.    I was thinking about all of this while walking home from the shop, around 8:30 on Saturday night.  Exhausted from too much partying and too little sleeping and way too much pushing of the scented candles.  I was starting to practice my backing out speech for Jonno, begging off the night's festivities.  I was passing this terrible little Italian bakery on Eighth Avenue, I mean really tasteless refrigerated gloopy custard-filled puffs and such, no charm to it at all, and one of my least favorite New York types (Middle-Aged Sequined Stars'N'Stripes Baseball Hat Wearing Former Actress With Too-Red Hair And Small, Yappy Poodle That Suffers From Canine Alopecia) was fumbling her way out of the door trying to balance her Channel 13 totebag full of crap, a cake box, and the dog.  I didn't really think about it, I just stepped over and held the door and steadied her box and she thanked me and I half-smiled and kept walking.  Moving down the sidewalk, I started to think vile thoughts about her and her dog and her stupid hat.  And then I asked myself, "So what the fuck did you grab the door for?"  And I answered myself, "'Cause she wasn't making it out by herself."  This confused me, because I'm not that nice a person.  No, really.  I don't poison ducklings or anything, I'm just fairly self-centered and focused on my own misery most of the time and probably late for something and it's so much easier to spew my bitterness than to grab a door for an old lady.  But my instinct has changed.  I've been somewhat changed.  I don't wanna become Mary Freakin' Sunshine or anything, but if I keep vigilant and don't question it too much, I could probably do my part to see that this new New York I want so to linger, does.  Does that read as Pollyanna to you as it does to me?  The scary thing is, I actually mean it.  My life, for whatever reason, is being pared down to the basics.  I'm broker than broke.  I'll have to move out of (if I'm not evicted first) my home of the last 12 years.  I'm going to have to sell of as many of my possessions as I can, and the rest I'll have to put in some remote storage space until I have a home again.  I don't have a real job.  I don't have a real career.  I'm 39 and single.  But I've got what's left of my brain and heart (ain't much,   but what's there is cherce ).  I've got several strong relationships that I can tend and mend and nurture.  And I now have the clarity, and hopefully the courage, to contribute to the creation of the better world I had a glimpse of through the smoke of a horrific act.  Honestly?  The pseudo-sophisticated, cocktail-downing, acid-tongued Alexander-Woollcott-Wanna-Be inside of me is mortified by the idea.  And I don't expect I'll be helping blind men to cross busy avenues (unless they're hot).  But, frankly, my September 10, 2001 way of thinking and behaving wasn't working out so well, and this is where I find myself now, so I might as well see where the hell it takes me.