Tempers Fugit  Okay, I finally got angry.  You don't wanna fuck with me today.  I yelled at old people.  I was walking Dexter first thing this morning and, good dog that he is, he pulled me over to the curb to do his business.  I pulled him out of the street and onto the curb so he wouldn't get hit by the traffic moving out of the way of an ambulance.  So he started to do what he needed to do, I pulled a plastic baggie out of my pocket and waited.  An older couple, conspicuously from out of town, were passing by and the man looked at Dex and said to me, "Ever hear of curbing your dog."  That was it.  All the anger of the last few days boiled over and I let the old bastard have it.  After all, I was not only being a good citizen on my own block, but what the hell business was it of his, especially in light of everything else?  He kept asking me what I was being so sensitive about.  That made me even louder.  I mean, was this geezer kidding me?  Okay, I'll admit, my anger was somewhat disproportionate.   Somewhat .  But in a city that's pulled together in a way I've never seen and would never have expected, this was just foolishness that I wasn't going to accept.  I'm not ashamed that I yelled, I just wish I could've blasted him a little better.  It felt good to yell, too.  After that, I had to get ready to go to the shop.  I'm embarrassed to say I'm exhausted, but I am.  I haven't done a fucking thing to be tired over.  There are dogs downtown, sniffing through wreckage, that have more of a reason to be tired than I do.  But still, I admit, I'm tired.  Speaking of the working dogs, a company in the Northwest that makes sledding gear donated every single protective dog boot they had in stock to the dogs that have been hurting their paws climbing over jagged rubble.  Yeah, that news made me cry.  At work, one of the owners of the shop and I were chatting.  Sort of obliquely about our activity over the weekend.  It felt like we were dancing around something, so I said, straight out, something that   Choire  had put in my head:  maybe I was suffering a little bit from Post Traumatic Stress Syndrome.  John nearly broke down.  He was afraid to mention it.  So we talked about everything we were going through, the things we were feeling that we thought were foolish, the stuff that scared us.  It's just an example of the small ways we're helping each other get through this.  I know I felt better after we talked and I was pretty sure John felt better, too.  I got home to find a lot of messages on my machine.  One from a woman I hadn't been in contact with since I moved to New York 18 years ago, one from a girl I've known since kindergarten.  Several were from close friends wondering what we're doing tomorrow.  Tomorrow.  I don't even wanna think about it.  It's my 39th birthday and I haven't felt like celebrating it.  I mean, even before this mess, I wasn't feeling like it, but now even less.  It seems wrong to celebrate anything, much less me.  I'm not happy, I'm weepy and scared.  I'm embarrassed about how much I've been crying.  I don't want presents.  My friends weren't letting me out of it.  After a couple of calls, they sent our friend the psychiatrist after me.  No fair.  But we talked (he's really good at this) and I guess they're right: they love me, they want to celebrate that I'm alive, that we're all alive, and if I'm so weepy, then they want to be there.  So we're doing it.  Allen and I talked later and we're gonna try to find a restaurant downtown that's been forced to close and has lost business...that's important to me.    I don't know what else I'll do tomorrow, I can't afford my annual birthday massage at Carapan, but I think what I wanna do is buy my friends presents.  Something small that says I love them for loving me.  Something for us to remember how, in this strange time, we cared for each other.    When I was a kid, I looked forward all year to September.  It got cooler in Florida.  I'd go back to school (yeah, go ahead, say it: I was a nerd).  And it would be MY day...the one day in the whole year that was mine.  It used to be such a long time from September to September...now the time races.  Still I love the Autumn and September is still special to me.  I've learned that Greta Garbo also shared my special day (and I some of her quirks).  As a kid I could never have imagined what my life, or what the world, would really be like on September 18, 2001.  I can barely comprehend it now.  But what I do understand now is that I've got people, new and old, that I care about,  love , and those relationships, ultimately, are how I make sense of my life.  And I cherish you all.  It's midnight now.  Happy Birthday to me.