Random Acts of Kindness  I'm so frustrated.  I've spent more time trying to volunteer, but they don't need any more volunteers.  The minute I heard that the Family Center had been moved from the Armory to 54th Street and the West Side Highway (I live just a little further east on 54th Street), I headed over straight away.  The police officers guarding the entrance told me they were completely staffed.  Then he looked me squarely in the eye and he thanked me.   He  thanked  me .  I felt so helpless and small.  He looked so tired.  But he was thanking me.  I turned away and crossed the West Side Highway into DeWitt Clinton Park because I was about to break down.  Once inside the park I sat on some steps and cried.  I can't make sense of what I'm feeling.  I'm not angry at anyone.  I don't want vengance.  I just want to help.  I'm also afraid.  Me, big strong Charlie...I'm afraid.  Earlier today I heard a plane above me, but it was close and it sounded different.  All I could do is stand where I was and stare at it until it was gone.  What's wrong with me?  It was just a plane, I mean, what was I expecting?  I wiped off my face and headed out of the park.  There's a big ballfield in the middle and all the floodlights were on.  This is odd, and I know this park well, 'cause Dex's favorite dog run is there.  But I saw right away why:  AOL has set up a truck there with free access to the Internet for families who need information.  It almost started me off again.  Have I mentioned yet that Verizon, our phone company, made all of their payphones free for the entire City so that we could have greater communication with each other?  More kindness.  I didn't know what to do with myself.  I had hoped I'd be put to work.  I wandered back through the neighborhood and ended up on Eighth Avenue and 48th Street.  That's where Engine Co. #54 is.  They've lost a lot of men, including their Captain.  There are so many flowers and notes piled up that they were higher than my head.  Tons of candles, tons of food.  And tons of messages drawn by the kids of the neighborhood.  "Thank you for being brave."  "Thank you for helping our city."  But get this one:  "To our enemies:  peace & love."  I stayed for a few minutes longer, just trying to be quiet and looking at the pictures of the lost men, giving each of them a moment of respect.  I never wanted to be a fireman when I was a boy, but I want to be one now.  Last night I spent some time with   Sparky .  I adore Dan.  We'd been chatting online and both of us realized we didn't want to be alone and we didn't want to be home, so we met around midnight at the Big Cup in Chelsea.  We drank a little coffee (actually, Sparky had steamed milk with almond flavoring), walked, talked, had some Krispy Kremes, walked, talked, hugged.  It was what I needed and what I think everyone in this City is craving right now: intimate human contact.  We're all trying to take care of each other in small ways, which are really the only ways most of us can.  But it turns out not to be so small.  I love you, Sparky...thanks for taking good care of me last night.  I don't have anything new to report.  The news has got it all covered.  I haven't done anything brave or useful.  I can't think what to do next, nor what will happen next.  I would say I'm numb, but I'm the opposite: I have way too much feeling.  All that I can do is try and sleep tonight and wake up tomorrow and try and be of use.