Vigils and Vigilantes  Sorry I didn't blog yesterday, but I promised Jon Jordan I would help him with a project in Long Island City, so I used the day to keep away from the computer and the television and it was a good thing.  But I have to tell you about Thursday night.  Around 10:30 or 11 Thursday night, I headed again down to Chelsea Piers.  I had heard that they needed computer people, at the very least data entry people, so I went to see what I could do.  This time there were no crowds around, it was mostly closed down, a few policemen and some volunteers directing pedestrians.  I explained why I was there and I was directed to an entrance near 19th Street.  This was the furthest I'd been into the Piers since this disaster began, and it had been transformed.  One driveway that normally leads to a parking lot was lined with stretchers and tables of medical equipment and food.  There were a lot of emergency rescue workers waiting around, some asleep on the stretchers, but there was a feeling of anxiety that had been put on hold for too long.  The next entrance was blocked off with police barricades and a long table.  This is where I had been directed to speak to the volunteer office.  All the volunteers wear a piece of thick masking tape on their shirts.  It has their name, what unit they've been assigned to, and when their shift started and is assumed to end.  Everyone wears one.  Some wear more than one.  And some of the rescue workers that had come from Ground Zero had their names and Social Security Numbers written in marker on their arms and clothing.  When it hit me why, I got chills.  I explained why I was there and they seemed surprised but pleased.  The lady at the table, Jill, said she understood they'd just installed a new computer system and I might be just what they need.  I was excited.  She went to check and I waited.  About this time something must've happened downtown, because there was a lot of activity.  Three vans of doctors and nurses were quickly assembled, flanked by vans of police and heavily-armed military personnel.  I was right on the curb as this was happening on the other side of the iron railing, so I was able to see into the vans.  These were the first faces I'd seen in person that were actually heading down to Ground Zero.  They looked determined but also maybe a little scared.  Or maybe I'm projecting.  As I was watching this, I met eyes with one young doctor and I gave her a smile.  She smiled back, shrugged, and got in her van.  I know they all wanted to go down and find people to treat, to keep alive.  I know now they didn't.  Jill came back to let me know that the new system was still not up and running, but they would possibly be ready for input in the morning and she took my name and number.  She also mentioned that at the Armory across town, the central location for families to get information on victims and survivors, might need computer operators to help keep the list of names updated.  I thanked her and headed east to the Armory.  My cab dropped me off a block away.  The Armory, which is normally deserted except for the occasional antique show, was ablaze.  Lights from every news reporter on Earth, families and well-wishers, police, military, National Guardsmen, volunteers.  The Armory was set up with only one way in and one way out, mazes of barricades, and all entrances had a civilian volunteer, a police officer, and a National Guardsman posted together.  For three blocks in every direction, and posted on every surface including the iron fence of the Armory itself, are the homemade flyers we've sadly become used to seeing.  Smiling faces accompany heartwrenching pleas for news, any news, of their loved one.  I've gotten in the habit of reading as many as I can, if for no other reason than it being my only way to give that life a moment of my respect and attention.  Small things, small things.  I got past the first checkpoint and up to the second, when I was informed by the Captain Holmes of the Army that they were closing the Armory for the night.  Apparently everyone was exhausted and they wanted to do a full check of the building, so it would re-open at 8am.  I asked if there were would be overnight staff, and he said the word was everyone was to go home and rest.  I thanked him and worked my way back out of the maze.  I was frustrated as hell.  Here I was ready to work all night, finally finding something I could actually contribute, and  still  nothing for me to do.  I wasn't ready to go home quite yet, so I figured I'd go to Union Square and see the memorial.  Union Square at 1am was packed.  On the 14th Street terrace there were hundreds and hundreds of candles, cards, flowers, poems...well, you've seen them before.  They never made much sense to me.  I guess the memorials created for JFK, Jr. and Princess Diana seemed strange to me, because most of the people bring flowers and notes didn't know them and, ultimately, who was this memorial for?  This time it made sense.  This memorial was for all us.  We were all touched.  It affected all of our lives.  And here was one place to focus some of this energy.  All around the perimeter, people sat cross-legged, alone and in groups, some praying, some meditating, some talking quietly.  There were peripheral groups as well, as I'd learn later, but I wanted to concentrate on this central group.  Suddenly, a woman in a peach gauze skirt, leading a little gray dog on a leash, walked into the circle a bit and introduced herself as a psychic and teacher.  She asked if she could lead us in a visualization to send love to those trapped but still alive.  She said if we all concentrated and focused our good energy, they'd feel it, it would give them hope and perhaps help them stay alive.  This might surprise you, but no one hooted or jeered, no one even snickered.  Instead, almost everyone there closed their eyes and allowed this woman to guide us through her visualization.  And, yes, I did too.  Right on cue, the sky cracked open with lightning and a moment later the kind of booming thunder that's even louder when bounced off all the buildings of Manhattan.  No one moved, no one stopped meditating.  As she finished, someone on the other side of the circle started strumming a guitar and singing.  I looked around at a few of the smaller memorials along the fence, and then heard shouting at a group just a few feet away from the big circle.  I found a crowd intently listening to a young, handsome man who was speaking to them quite vehemently.  He wasn't advocating war necessarily, but he was talking about the need for some sort of strong action.  As I understand it, when 14th Street was the grand thoroughfare of New York, Union Square was a place, much like Hyde Park in London, where speakers would come and extemporize on the issues of the day.  Apparently it still is.  This man was so passionate and spoke so well and so clearly.  A couple of people shouted comments at him, but for the most part the crowd was very respectful.  I hadn't noticed it, but he was holding a white tube, like posters are kept in, and when he was finished, he handed it off to the next speaker.  Apparently, this was the Talking Stick.  Fascinating.  Just outside of this group were two hippy chicks in tye-dyed outfits were chanting for peace.  Suddenly a very average looking, schlubby accountant-type guy started shouting at them.  He was angry that they were being so passive.  He was shouting at them to wake up.  The hippy chicks weren't startled, they even tried to respond, but it started to escalate and I couldn't deal, so I walked away.  The thunder and lightning continued to threaten rain, there were even one or two scattered drops, but no one was leaving the park.  I walked north through Union Square and passed another alter created by the Tibetan community of New York.  Simple, just candles with a neatly typed note stating their purpose. Quiet, contemplative.  I stood with them for a moment.  As I left the Union Square, I turned back to look at all the people who'd come for a sense of community or to make a public statement.  I'd never experienced anything like it.  So much emotion, so many opinions, and yet all peacefully co-existing, even with the volatile tempers.  And I realized the terrorists didn't win.  I know now they can't.  They destroyed buildings and planes and people, but they didn't touch what we're really about.  We take our personal freedoms for granted, but you know what?  That's good.  That means they're so deeply a part of who we are as Americans, we can't exist without them, we just  won't .  Even I would enter hand-to-hand combat for the right to be an opinionated asshole.    It was the first time all week I felt that everything will eventually be okay.