Looking For Some Peace  I went to the park today.  Central Park.  I figured if I could get as far into the center of the park I wouldn't hear sirens or crying or television reporters.  I stepped out into street and there were so many people.  I was confused.  I couldn't remember if this was the normal amount of people or not.  Do they belong here?  Did something else happen?  I wasn't sure.  Dexter was acting crazy.  Actually, it started to annoy me.  He was biting his leash, darting at birds, stuff he does occasionally, but today more than usual.  But I noticed that people were noticing him.  And smiling.  My goofy dog was being a clown.  I haven't been stopped so much since he was a puppy.  "How old is he?"  "What kihnd of dog is he?"  "Great dog!"  I don't think they cared about the answer so much as they wanted to connect with us somehow.  He got some spontaneous smiles on the street today.  Have I mentioned how much I love this dog?  On the edges of the park, and along Central Park South, more impromptu flyers with people's names, the floors on which they worked, phone numbers to call with information.  All of the pictures used on these flyers are taken at parties, weddings, special events.  The faces are gorgeous, dressed to the nines, happy.  It just makes it worse.  In the park we walked and walked until we got to the Rambles.  I know what you're thinking, but it's beautiful and quiet and it doesn't feel like a city.  We slowed down, Dex chased squirrels, I sat on a rock under a tree and tried to breathe.  I don't know how to meditate, this is as close as I can get.  As we walked on, I heard the sound of a shovel scraping stone.  I instantly thought, why are they searching up here?  It was just a park worker clearing away mud from the base of a footbridge.  But my mind goes right to lower Manhattan.  I had promised friends I'd help them out at their store today, so I took Dexter back home but I was running late, so I called from the street.  Did I tell you that all Verizon payphones have been free?  The phone company has made all their payphones free to help New York stay in touch.  Have you ever heard of that?  I also passed restaurants with signs offering free food and drink to rescue workers.  Everyone's doing what's needed.  The store felt like an old general store.  People would come in and chat, every one of them had stories.  Stranded tourists, nurses waiting to be of use, neighborhood people feeling useless and restless.  We heard stories of Hell's Kitchen.  The fire department on Eighth Avenue at 48th Street has lost about 15 men, this morning their captain was pulled out of the rubble, dead.  The fire station on West 43rd Street has apparently lost every single man.  Every single firefighter from one station.  No one to return there.  Unthinkable.  The nurses were told that a couple more buildings had collapsed, so their transport to the triage center had been cancelled for the moment.  They told us that the Woolworth Tower was expected to fall.  It's such a beautiful building that the thought of it gone made me cry.  So many rumors, so many stories.  There's a billboard in Times Square advertising the Hallmark Channel.  It reads, "Story after Story after Story (no, we're not talking about the World Trade Center."  They are now.  We all know people who narrowly avoided, for whatever reason, going down.  Or those who made it out.  Or those who might not have.  None of us are untouched by this.  We tell stories we've heard from friends, or stories about possible survivors.  But we eventually end in silence just staring at each other.  I ran into two friends on the street, one really just an acquaintance, but we hugged long and hard.  Couldn't talk a lot, but we hugged and looked into each other's eyes and offered assistance wherever, whenever.  And we  mean  it.  It's late now, but I'm going downtown to see what I can do.  Maybe nothing.  Maybe just cheer the workers changing shifts.  Maybe I'll buy water and Gatorade and tshirts.  But if I can do anything, I want to be there.  That's what'll bring me peace.