Doing What We Can  I just got back from downtown.  Jon Jordan and I made about 50 sandwiches of all kinds.  It was almost an impossible task since no grocery store in midtown has bread.  No bread.  We don't know if it's because people are stocking up at home or if everyone was making sandwiches, but not a single loaf of any kind of bread on any shelf in any grocery store in midtown.  All I'm saying is, whoever ends up with the sandwiches that Jon Jordan and I made got top quality rolls and designer bread.  But then, they deserve it.  I grabbed my big bag of clothes, and we headed to the Javits Center.  First stop, drop off my used clothes.  I actually expected them to take them and toss them to the side.  Far from it.  They asked what I had and they ripped into the bag immediately, yelling the contents and sorting them into boxes that quickly got moved to trucks.  I can't tell you how pleased I was that my clothes were going to be of help right away.   That done, we walked over to the river to walk down to Chelsea Piers.  Chelsea Piers has been set up as a triage center.  As we walked down, we could see that the most recent building collapses had sent more dust and smoke into the air and the wind was now moving some of that smoke uptown.  The core of the smoke remained over lower Manhattan, though.  On the walk down, we passed a lot of military personnel guarding building and street entrances, all heavily armed.  Chilling to think all those rifles and machine guns were loaded.  When we got to the Piers we learned that they were overloaded with food and water and volunteers, but they told us that supplies were desperately needed downtown, mostly at a fire station at Varrick and North Moore Streets.  So we started walking down.  Chelsea Piers is at 23rd Street and the Hudson.  North Moore Street is in Tribeca (the TRIangle BElow CAnal Street...i.e., waaaay downtown).  We would've taken a cab, but there haven't been too many.  Plus, no cab would be allowed below 14th Street, where the City's been sealed off.  We weren't sure we'd be allowed through, since we didn't have any identification showing we belonged there,  but we hoped our food credentials would get us past.  All along 14th Street there are blue police barricades set up.  We approached an officer, told him our story, he checked our drivers' licenses and looked through our bags and let us by.  We were in the Forbidden Zone.  Far fewer people, far fewer cars.  More restaurants open, and many, many more handwritten signs.  Signs directing people to blood banks, signs announcing prayer vigils, signs asking for donations of tshirts, toothbrushes, etc. for workers who haven't been home in 24 hours.  There's a distinct burning smell down there and the dust in the air began to get very thick.  A lot of people were wearing surgical masks or other types of homemade masks to keep the dust and, we now know, asbestos particles, out of their mouths.  We walked with our shirts over our mouths for a bit, but it got to be too much.  I'm still coughing a bit and my eyes are sore.  We walked down Hudson as far as we could, I guess it was about Vandaam, and we were redirected to Varrick Street.  At Varrick we told the officer where we had been sent by Chelsea Piers and they told us we'd need to go to Pier 40 to drop off our supplies.  I have to say, New York's Finest were nothing but.  And as exasperated as I'd normally be, I wasn't bothered.  We had something that we needed to do and we'd go wherever we needed to, to do it.  The closer we got to the West Side Highway, the more people there were.  The highway was lined with people some with flags, some just watching.  But the minute a fleet of rescue workers came rolling by everyone on the sidelines errupted into applause and cheers.  Some rushed out to the cars with bottles of water and sandwiches and energy bars.  The workers in the trucks looked so tired and sad, but grateful for our cheers.  I'll never forget how proud I was to be a New Yorker, standing there supporting those people who've been literally sifting through this nightmare.  We crossed the highway over to Pier 40 where another distribution and volunteer center has been set up.  We couldn't get too close, more barricades, but one rescue worker with a Parks Department shirt on, came out and took our bags and was very thankful.  We don't know who'll end up with our food, but I hope they know that two little guys in midtown are grateful for what they're doing.  After dropping off our bags, Jon was tired.  We had, after all walked over 50 blocks.  I wasn't ready to go home yet, so I put him in a cab and told him I'd call him later.  I started walking uptown.  I wanted to go to Chelsea and see what my people were doing.  Earlier, our mayor had said we should all go outside, try to resume our lives, eat in restaurants, shop.  He didn't have to tell Chelsea twice.  But it was different, dampened.  And there was a spontaneous sidewalk vigil.  All along Eighth Avenue, leaning against buildings, sitting together on the curb, were people with candles.  It was touching.  Not a big deal, just a sign to the world that we were out of our houses and unafraid.  Again, I was proud.  Every restaurant was open, all of them full.  People exchanging information, chatting quietly.  Around 18th Street, a really cute guy caught my eye.  He smiled as we passed.  I looked back and he looked back and stopped.  But I just couldn't talk to him.  I cry at the drop of a hat.  I don't feel particularly attractive or sexual.  As lonely as I feel right now, it wasn't the moment to meet someone new.  That's probably weird, but I have such a sense of loss and mourning that I just turned around and kept walking.  Maybe I'll run into him again sometime.  I kept walking uptown, but started to get tired and needed to see (and feed) Dex, so I hopped in a cab.  At 40th Street we were diverted again, because Port Authority Bus Terminal was barricaded by police.  The cab driver and I took it in stride and took the detour.  At home, Dex was thrilled to see me.  I could smell the dust in the air, hear sirens down the street, there were 8 new messages on my machine.  It's still a war zone.  We're all still shell-shocked.  But we're surviving.  To all of you in other parts of the country, you have to know this:  your thoughts and concern and messages and calls and emails help us feel that we're not alone.  It keeps us from being so afraid.  They mean more to us than you can imagine and we, well I, thank you with all my heart.