Sign Me Up  I just took a walk down the Hudson to see the view from there.  I wish I could post my pictures because from that vantage point, you can really see the size of the cloud of smoke that used to be downtown Manhattan.  I stumbled on the back of the Jacob Javits Center, our huge convention complex, and it's surrounded by firetrucks, abulances, and rescue vehicles.  What struck me the most, besides the sheer number of them, was the fact that they weren't all New York City vehicles.  They were marked with the names of other surrounding New York State cities and towns, large and small, and several from New Jersey.  I cried to think of all those people coming to help us through this.  You can't believe how kind everyone has been here.  How gentle we're being with each other.  I crossed the West Side Highway to see what was going on there and noticed a two tables where they were signing up volunteers.  One was only for civilians with some medical or fire training and license.  The other was for general volunteers and for civilian search and rescue.  I signed up.  I don't know what they'll need, or even if they'll ever get to me, but how could I not?  Search and rescue could be a horrifying detail, but if I were trapped under that rubble, I wouldn't care who was digging me out or how hard it was for them.  So I hope they call me.  There were all sorts of people milling around the Javits Center.  Rescue workers, some victims, some family members looking for information.  There were two friars in long gray robes and beards, young guys, probably in their mid-twenties, handing out fruit and water and talking to people who looked a little dazed.  I wanted to take a picture of them, just because I wanted to remember their faces, but I didn't want to intrude.  There were some people collecting clothes for the survivors whose clothes were burned or torn and I've come home mostly to grab the back of clothes I'd set aside for Goodwill.  I'm gonna be taking them back down to the Javits.  Jon Jordan and I have bought our sandwich making supplies and we're going to be taking them down to the Chelsea Piers.  Usually a sports complex and a gym, Chelsea Piers has been set up as a temporary medical center, although I understand it's mostly a makeshift morgue.  I figure those folks can probably use a little sustenance at this point.  More later.