Foul Weather Friend  Still rainy, still feeling crummy.  Wanted to sleep today, but got up and made some phone calls, tried to push my life forward a couple of steps.  Got a call from my friend JP.   "Let's have coffee."   Yeah, okay, coffee couldn't hurt.  He shows up at my apartment a couple of hours later,  "let's get coffee in Chelsea."   Umm, well, I guess we might as well.  We hop down on the E train, laughing and bantering.   "Let's go to the Big Cup."   I'm a little old for it, but okay.   "Let's have Rice Krispies Treats."   Too many carbs, but JP talks me into it.  Half way through coffee and cruising and feeling goofy in a good way, JP suggests  "let's go to a movie."   I don't really feel like it, I have a whole big life to mismanage, it's the middle of the day, I've got packing to do...but he talks me into going to a matinee of "Shrek" which he pays for.  We walk into the theater and there are only two other guys in there.  Without even looking at each other, we walk straight over to the two seats in front of them and plop ourselves down.  After a second or two, they laugh, we laugh and move out of their way.  The movie's actually a lot of fun.   "Let's go to happy hour."   I can't.  I have to walk the puppy, makes some calls...but if I change my mind I'll meet him in front of the gym in an hour.  An hour later the phone rings,  "get dressed bitch, we need alcohol."   We go to Barrage for a couple of drinks (which he pays for), mock the beautiful yet very, very young waiter, chat with friends, goof off, talk seriously about nothing and about nothing serious.   "We're hungry."   Actually, I kinda am.  We go to Vinyl, I have a comfy chicken pot pie.  He walks me home and I hug him goodbye.  I didn't get a damn thing done.  I'm not any further ahead or any closer to rent.  But I didn't dwell on it for a whole day...in fact, I laughed a lot.  I spent all day with someone who loves me exactly the way I am, is concerned about my troubles but knew I needed a vacation from them and didn't mention it, just coaxed me into a little relaxation and mindless activity.  Sometimes my friends are smarter than I am.