I just went out to vote.  Today is the mayoral primary in New York City and, despite all that's happened this morning -- maybe even  because  of all that's happened -- I wanted to try and vote.    Midtown is a strange place this morning.  There's very little traffic.  People are streaming down the streets, mostly moving uptown, away from Times Square.  Offices are closing throughout the city, the subways are closed and most buses aren't running, so people are forced to walk.  Even with all these people, it's very quiet out.  No one's really talking and, when they do, it's in hushed tones.  During the several blocks I walked, I noticed that people are walking in groups, staying together.  There are long lines at ATMs everywhere, and I noticed fairly long lines at the two grocery stores I passed.  Coffee shops and restaurants are crammed with people who can't leave Manhattan.  In one window I saw two men, probably in their seventies, staring straight ahead.  I wonder if they were thinking about Pearl Harbor.  Twice there were loud noises on the street, one was a truck backfiring, and everyone on the street froze.  When a siren was heard a block behind us, everyone stopped, turned and stared.  Also, overhead, there was a fighter jet.  Flying over midtown Manhattan.  My sweet friend Allen was trapped in the World Trade Center during the first bombing, and he still works across the street from it.  He was the first person I called and, I'm ashamed to say, I left a slightly hysterical message on his work phone.  I managed to call him at home just after and he's fine, but I was so scared.  I've tried to get ahold of my friends, but phones aren't working well, especially cellphones.  Needless to say, when I got to the polling place, voting had been suspended.  But I tried.  I tried to exercise my right as an American in the face of terrorism and I couldn't.  Just for today, though.  I'm gonna go out again in a little while and try to give blood.  Incidentally, had I taken the cross country trip, today would've been the day of my return flight from San Francisco.  Interesting, huh?