Meat & Greet  I promised I'd write when I got work.  Well, I'm Bourbon Street's newest homosexual bartender!  I'm working at a little whiskey-soaked nook called   Lafitte's In Exile  (appropriate, no?), and so far, so good.  But it's definitely gonna be a wild ride.  I have to say, I'm still a little nervous, 'cause it's been awhile since I was behind a busy bar.  However, if last night is any indication, my mixology skills are really gonna be secondary.  I think we're all aware of my severe self esteem issues which wage daily battle with my Attention Whore Deficit Syndrome.  This li'l gig feeds 'em both.  I'll admit it: I'm no dog.  But I'm no   Michael Bergin , either.  So imagine my complete and utter surprise when I start getting phone numbers on napkins, phone numbers on matchbooks, tips that need to be stuffed directly into my pockets, requests to see my nipples, requests to see my thighs, requests for me to drop my pants, countless inquiries on when my shift was done and where was I going after, and one poor, sweet soul from Texas who wanted (and, thanks to management,  got ), the sweaty t-shirt off my back.  I am not a Go-Go Boy, I am a Human Being!  As embarrassed as I was, though, I also kinda got off on it a little.  I mean, who wouldn't?  All this sudden attention makes me uncomfortable, sure, but no one in New York ever clamored for my sweat-stained garments.  I knew New Orleans was, umm,  permissive , but one utterly cute boy (dark hair, great little body, but verging on alcohol poisoning), after reaching over the bar to grab my biceps a couple of times, hopped up on the bar and pulled out his penis to show me how interested he really was.  I'm not usually at a loss for words, but I don't know the correct comeback to a dick-waggling.  And to make matters stranger, my manager stepped up to help him get his pants down.  Ladies and Gentlemen, I don't know if any of you drink, but it seems to me that too much alcohol makes people randy.  It blurs their judgement.  It decreases their chances of sitting upright on a barstool.  This is the drinkingest town I ever saw, and what I witnessed last night is almost enough to make me stop drinking entirely.   Almost .  Fortunately for me, no one else in New Orleans is even close to entertaining that notion.  I'm gonna try and go with this wave of sudden popularity.  Fresh meat?  Hell, at 39, umm,  35 , I'm happy to be thought of as fresh  anything .  If I can get over my neurotic self, this could be kinda fun.  I just can't buy into it too much, because nothing's more unattractive or boring than that (I refer you to every bartender at Splash).  And one day, very soon, something newer and fresher will appear in our grocer's freezer, and I'll be put on the sale rack.  Until then, what can I get you, baby?