Le Cauchemar Sur Le Rue Royale  Ooooh, kids, this one is scareeeee!  A chilling tale that will turn your blood to ice!  Not because of the events, but because I didn't have an aneurism.  It'll, like, totally freak you out.  So Friday night, out and about and mocking the TestosterClones, my drinking companions and I ended up at the   Pub .  We were sitting upstairs, just outside one of the men's rooms, when a cute, furry boy stumbled past.  A few minutes later he stumbled back out and paused in front of us to collect his breath and stop the room from spinning for just a second.  Uncharacteristically (well, maybe not for the new me), I asked him "Baby, are you okay?"  He said, "Yeah, yeah, I'm fine...hey, I know you!"  I thought to myself that on that much K, I probably looked like  everyone  he'd ever known.  Then he said my name.  Turns out he and I had tried a few years ago in New York to date, but our schedules never matched up and then he moved to LA.  Small world.  But nice to run into people out of the blue, just when I'm beginning to feel a little blue.  Anyway, we chatted but he had drugs to dance out of his system and we promised to get together before he left town.    A little later I walked over to the dancefloor to see what was up and I noticed someone was checking me out.  He was damned cute -- blonde, tattooed, sexy smile -- but young.  But cute.  But young.  What the hell, I'd had enough vodka, my Attention Whore Deficit Syndrome was kicking in, and I might as well say hi.  He's Jason, 23, from Austin, Texas.  A little drunk, a lot adorable, and leans into me in a way that's so endearing and a little erotic that I know I'm gonna break my rule and take him back to my attic.  The next morning around 9:30 the doorbell rings downstairs.  This is curious as no one but   Jonno  ever rings the bell (and he only rings it because he installed it and enjoys his handiwork) and it doesn't sound like his ring.  It isn't, it's a big Dryer Repair Guy from Sears.  Oh.  Hi.  He's here to fix the dryer and do I have the cash.  Gee, no, but let me make a call.  So I run up to get my phone and reassure 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas that I'll be right back.  I call Richard who says he'll be over when the Dryer Repair Guy is done and give him cash.  Dryer Repair Guy says he ain't doin' nuthin' 'til he sees green.  I call Richard, who negotiates with DRG and that's all settled.  Then Richard tells me that the Cabinet People are coming at 10:30.  Oh.  Well, that'll all be happening downstairs, no biggy.  One more thing, says Richard, the floors in my attic that are supposed to be sanded and refinished in about 2 weeks?  Yeah, they'll be coming today around 11:30.  Oh. I see.  That will definitely affect me and 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas.  Because what it means is that everything in my bed-sit will have to be moved out, including the stove and the iron bathtub, so that the workers will have access to the floors.  Hmmm...  So I toddle upstairs and gently explain to 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas (who I strongly suspect is still drunk) that he should probably shower while he can, and maybe put on some shorts, 'cause we're having company.  "Didn't you say you had an interview today," he asks?  Oh.  Right.  My bartender interview at 1pm.  Well, first things first.  I get the coffee started, I get 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas into the shower, I start moving some things out of the way, the doorbell rings, I run downstairs to let the Cabinet People in, I run back upstairs, feed the dog, give 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas some coffee and Advil, take Dex outside for his morning necessities, back upstairs to continue moving things and get a little coffee for myself and check on 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas (who's coffee has now kicked in a little and has become frisky in that 23-year-old way).  It sounds fucked up, right?  In New York I would've been on my third coronary and spewing venom on anyone in a 500 yard radius, right?  I was calm, unflustered and, actually, amused.  Ladies and Gentlemen: the New Zen Me.  Somewhere in all of that, the   Sturtle  arrived, bringing with him his aura of calm and that helped, too.  There was only minimal mocking of the impromptu nursery school I'd opened in the Attic Royale, and by the time the Floor Guys got there, the furniture had been moved, I was installed temporarily on the first floor, and 23-year-old Jason from Austin, Texas had been pointed in the direction of the Quarter to continue his revelry.  See?  It all gets done or it doesn't, but blowing a mental gasket ain't gonna help.  Even at 39, er 35, I can still learn.  I made it to my interview just fine, thank you, and it's looking like I might be bartending here soon enough (which is excellent, 'cause due to recent banking disasters, Daddy's broke).  I did have one moment that reassured me the New Yorker is still alive and well inside.  As I was standing outside of the bar on Bourbon Street waiting to speak to the manager, an SUV pulled up, the window rolled down, and this  gentleman  asked, "Where's   Cafe du Monde ?"  Now, I've only been here a week and I've already been asked for directions a couple of times (and was actually helpful), but asking about Cafe du Monde is kinda like asking "How do you get to Carnegie Hall?" -- it's an easy and obvious thing to find...especially for someone with Louisiana license plates.  But New Zen Me told him how to find it, he looked at me a moment too long, winked and drove on.  I thought for a second he'd mistaken me from a rent boy or something, but didn't think too much about it.  Last night, walking home, an SUV pulls up, the window rolls down, and this  gentlemen  asks, "Where's Cafe du Monde?"  Same car, same guy, same hackneyed pick-up line.  I looked at him, blinked, and said "Same place it was when you asked me six hours ago."  He rolled up his window and sped away.  Thank goddess the New Zen Me can still be a bitch when I need to.