No Cream? No Bacon? No Problem...  Something's come over me.  Or perhaps drained out of me.  I think it might be tension or dangerously high stress, but I can't be sure since I haven't lived without it for some time now.  But the signs that I'm unwinding and relaxing are all there.  For instance, even after being out with the Glamourati of the Crescent City until 5am several nights in a row, I've been up and alert before 10am with no alarm.  In Manhattan I usually needed to alarms and I'd still wake up at around 1pm.  As a matter of fact, at night when I go to bed, I'm tired, my mind shuts off and I sleep.  Delicious sleep.  Is this how humans live?  [Veering off-topic only briefly, at the Fuz   zmuffin's birthday feast last night, I had an entirely brown meal consisting of catfish, shrimp, oysters, and something called Crawfish Stuffing Balls.  Just when I thought getting to spend the whole day with him was it's own reward, deep fried seafood...I'm never leaving.]  Another example, the dog now walks faster than I do.  Used to be he'd have to keep up with me, now I'm constantly trying to get him back to my pace.  Yes, ladies and germs, I saunter.  Even in the heavy tourist areas around Jackson Square, I saunter around tourists.  My teeth aren't clenched, I'm not muttering "Move it, Fat Ass" under my breath...I just glide around them and smile.  Or, get this:  I had breakfast this morning at a little place called The Corner.  Half touristy, half local, but it seemed low maintenance and I wanted some eggs and French toast.  I sit down, ask for coffee, the waitress brings it but tells me they're out of cream and half and half and brings me a styrofoam cup with some milk in it.  Whatever, no problem.  Then I order my French toast, eggs over well, bacon and a side of grits.  Oh yeah, no bacon either.  Hmm, okay, sausage then.  She looked at me and said, "You're so easy to wait on."  No waitperson has ever, ever said that to me.  As a matter of fact, several waitbeings on the Isle of Manhattan are probably dancing for joy that I've left town.  But honestly, it didn't matter.  She forgot the grits, couldn't find me a salt shaker that worked (it's humid today) and I still left her a $2 tip.  I mean, she seemed like a nice girl.  Wait, is that Pestilience on the horse behind me?  After breakfast I wandered over to Canal Street to get a cellphone.  I know, I know, I bitched about them, but I need a phone and, well, it makes the most sense.  I will not be answering it at dinner, I promise.  Anyway, Leatrice at the Radio Shack was just as helpful as she could be.  Not a minute under 40, she did her whole sales pitch with a grape Tootsie Pop in her mouth.  She referred to the output jack for the hands-free headset as the "hole thang on the side of the machine" and couldn't have been sweeter or more helpful.  In New York, she probably would've driven me crazy.  Here, not at all.  She made me smile.  I'm a nicer person again.  Probably 'cause I'm not fighting every second. 'Cause people behind you in line offer you a pen when you need it.  'Cause people you've met once say they're glad to see you again and seem to mean it.  In fact, Leatrice herself asked me to come back and see her.  Not only will I, I'll take her a brand new Tootsie Pop!  So I called Jon Jordan (who I'm worried about...he's taking my leaving very hard).  Made a couple of other quick calls to give out my new number.  Grabbed a light lunch (well, the corn might've had a little bacon in it) at my new favorite grease spot, Verdi Marte, and now I've come home to shower and change and I'll be off to look for a job.  I'll basically do anything.  Sure, I'd like to bartend, but I may end up giving ghost tours or scraping out bird cages...who cares?  I'm not stressed, I'm around interesting and creative people who seem to be living lives of their own choosing and design, and I can hear a train and churchbells from my garret window.  And that's what I like about the South.