There Is A House In New Orleans...  ...and I live in the attic!  Well, it's the upstairs, but I like to call it the attic.  Actually, it's exactly what I needed: unfinished enough to make my own and remind myself that I'm poor, but so charming that I don't care.  My tension's evaporting with every walk I take.  New Orleans seems familiar to me, feels like my beloved Ybor City, but older and wiser and much more of a party girl.  The creative energy here is palpable and exciting.  And everyone I've met has been welcoming and nice and, well, just no goddamned attitude.  Y'know, in New York I always felt kinda hip and sophisticated, but here...I feel kinda square.  But maybe it's just a matter of time.  My hosts, landlords, roomies are beyond swell.  My affection for   Jonno  is well-documented, but can we talk for a minute about the   Sturtle ?  He's patient and even-keeled, as kind as he is dry and mischievous, and I have to confess I have a little crush (fortunately, I'm fairly certain he doesn't read this blog...when would he have time?).  Dex and I have been taken in and cared for.  It's the sort of kindness I feel stupid trying to acknowledge, and yet it's saved my life.  Maudlin yes, but I like it, too...  I have much to tell of my journey down.  Tales of fleeing New York, a vomiting dog, Stuckey's pecan logs, my first glimpses of this rare city, and of being Fresh Meat.  But that'll have to wait as it's a holiday weekend here (Jonno's birthday, naturally) and I've not been home before 5am since I arrived Friday afternoon, and I'm pretty sure there's been alcohol involved.  As a matter of fact, my very first night was all glamour and big hair at the infamous Shim Sham Club, where I was very much welcomed to the Big Easy by these   notorious    diarists .    I hope you'll all take a moment on Monday, October 22nd to pause and reflect on the birth of Our   Saveur ...I'll be buying him bourbon and soda.  In the meantime, my new life has begun:  I'm In Exile on Royal Street.