The Long Goodbye  Over the weekend I managed to get rid of a lot of stuff.  Big stuff.  King-sized stuff (well, at least the bed was).  I'm beginning to have a lot of "last time I'll..." moments, too.  Friday night whilst I was covered in dust and doghair, packing things for   Sparky's  arrival on Saturday to move things to the Rumpus Room, I got an impromptu call from   The Minx  to join him in a cocktail.  While I didn't think there was room in such a small glass, I hurriedly cleaned up and walked over to meet him.  We met at the   much-blogged-about  Barrage, which was packed.  I have to say, I wasn't so much in the mood to be in cramped quarters with a lot of chatty fags, but I didn't think I'd get another chance to say goodbye to Chad.  And I'm glad I did, although I was only good for one drink.  We even got to see an aspiring dj that we'd both dallied with.  But, as I had much to do and Chad's parents were in town, we headed out.  Walking up Ninth Avenue, getting filled in on New Orleans, I looked down a side street and saw an old friend, someone whom I'd actually understudied   Off-Broadway , and wanted to say goodbye to.  Chad left me there and I snuck up on Ray for a big hug.  I guess this is as good a time as any to mention two things.  First, the Universe or Whomever has been tossing me people and places to say goodbye to, or at least to have one last glimpse of.  Or maybe just to stir a memory.  Either way, a lot of my 18 years is being placed at my feet to either admire or stumble over.  It's fascinating.  Second, I've learned that when you tell boys you're leaving town, you instantly become The Most Desired Guy in Manhattan.  Boys are freaks.  But more on all that later.  Anyway, I got to see Ray and his lover of (get this) 26 years one last time before I go.  They're hilarious.  A very showbusiness couple, in a hilarious way.  I adore them.  We walked a bit, promised to try and have dinner before I leave (which looks unlikely) and promised to keep in touch, etc.  This saying goodbye thing isn't so easy, after all.  I mean, I knew I was really leaving when I tossed away my trove of take-out menus, and that was hard enough.  But saying goodbye to people really drives home the point.  I really don't know when I'll see any of them again.  Some of them perhaps never again.  I won't just stumble across them on Eighth Avenue, they won't be on my block on the way to the Ziegfeld.  And the goodbyes are just gonna get harder.  I tried to pack a little more that night, but, as it was my last night in my glorious king-sized bed, I thought Dex and I should just relax and enjoy it.  I think he might miss it slightly more than I will.  After all, it was the first big thing he ever learned to jump on, because it was the only thing that separated us at night.  And he can have his snugglebunny moment, then retreat to a far corner and snooze.  And when will I have another bed that sleeps a Brazilian soccer team?  Ah, the memories...  Saturday morning I got up and got right to work breaking down the bed.  I moved it into the hallway and suddenly my bedroom was the size of Kansas.  Now, I thought, it's beginning to look like I'm moving out.  Sparky was right on time, bearing coffee and sugary delights (as if he himself weren't sugary delight enough for any man), and we got his stuff down to the street and waited for the man with the van.  More like freak in a zebra-painted truck, but he got the job done (Sparky's a patient, patient man).  So now the Rumpus Room is equipped for the Brazilian soccer team and I, in exchange, have a sleek, new laptop to take with me to NOLA, rather than the sad Etch-A-Sketch I've been using at home.  And, as a bonus, while we were unloading and assembling,   Ralph  played me some New Orleans-inspired music and answered my inane questions about the place.  Scampering back to Manhattan, a little more packing, then off to dinner at the Polish Tea Room (aka Cafe Edison) with Jon Jordan.  Jon's working on the new Neil Simon show "45 Seconds From Broadway," which takes place at the Edison, so it was a logical choice.  My last taste of their matzoh ball soup, chopped chicken liver, corned beef on extra soft rye.  Please tell me there are Jews in New Orleans, and at least one of them can cook!  I dropped Jon back off at the theatre, more packing for me, then off to meet   Mike  and his friend Not Nick at, where else, Barrage.  I got there slightly before they did, and had three "I can't believe you're leaving me, I have a big crush on you, let's get married" experiences.  I'm sure at least two of them were fueled by Cosmopolitans, but still...it was slightly uncomfortable.  Especially when someone's saying he can't believe you're leaving him, and then making out with an escort on the other side of him who he may or may not have been paying for.  I was told that a screenplay had been written with me in mind and I couldn't leave until it was shot.  That someone else was sure with enough time I'd come around and we'd be together always.  I was never so happy to see Mike and Not Nick!  We sat in a corner and blabbed for awhile, me flirting a little with sexy Not Nick, until the pressure of All Things As Yet Unpacked began to crush my skull and I had to flee.  Michael, we'll continue our conversation over a to-go cup on Bourbon Street...  On the way home I ran into two other people I hadn't see in ages, one I knew and we chatted a minute, the other I've never met but have had a long time crush on.  In fact, his picture was once in a local fag rag and I cut it out and pasted it on my computer.  It's still there.  I thank the Universe for one last glimpse.  Where am I?  Sunday?  Ah, yes, Sunday.  Because I haven't had enough hauling and packing and disassembling and taping, I promised   Choire  I'd help him with some light chores (for a small fee, naturally).  But first, my ex and his new husband were coming by to pick up my favorite piece of furniture.  I looked long and hard for an old armoire that I could use as an entertainment center and finally found one that I adore.  I couldn't bear to sell it, but it's just to big to put in storage.  Paul and Matthew agreed to buy it, move it and, if I ever move back and still want it, I could buy it back from them.  So I know my baby's being taken care of.  Of course, choosing a Sunday to move furniture turned out not to be so good for renting U-Hauls, so they showed up with a mini-van.  Yes, you're right, mini-van's  do  have seats.  Apparently the fold down, but when they drove away, half of my armoire was sticking out of the back.  He came back a little while later and picked up an old wooden wheelchair from the 30s (don't ask why I have it...I'm kooky, okay?).  Then another, harder goodbye.  Backstory:  The day that Paul and I ran into each other at the theatre, a week after we'd met briefly at a New Year's Eve party, I'd been in such a hurry to get ready that I'd just glooped up my hair with some shiny gel product that smelled of citrus in order to tame my wild head of hair.  Later that evening, when we were making out in my apartment and he'd gotten a generous amount of said gloop on his hands, I felt his hand on my lower back.  "Don't think I don't know you're wiping your hands on my shirt..."  We laughed and it became one of our inside jokes.  Sunday morning:  After getting the wheelchair into the van and giving me a Coach leather collar for Dex (it didn't fit their dog), he looked at his hands and said, "Ugh, I'm so dusty and I have to go up to a teacher/parent meeting."  I was already grungy, so I told him to clean them off on my tshirt  "Don't think I don't know you're wiping your hands on my shirt," he said quietly to me.  It was all I could do to not fall down.  He'd not only remembered that long ago moment, but he was saying goodbye in the only way good ol' not-sentimental, only ever be happy Paul could do it.  I waved, but I had to get inside fast.  Thank you, Pongo.  I managed to pull together my weepy ass and get downtown to meet Choire.  An adventure I'll let him blog about.  But we did have an amazing dinner and then, helpless kitten that he is, he let me talk him into not only getting coffee at the Big Cup, but sitting down to drink it.  He looked like a caged animal in there!  Highly amusing.  We wandered down Eighth Avenue, looking at the gays and their clothing shops, down to 14th Street to look for duffel bags for me, which became a high-pressure sales pitch from a Badu-headress-wearing Dominican saleswoman that I think I want to be when I grow up.  Sadly, after looking at their selection and realizing it would just be one more thing to stow once I get to New Orleans, I left empty handed.  Choire had the brilliant suggestion of just using garbage bags, which I hadn't even considered.  "You haven't been poor long enough," he told me.  Oh, really?  Sure as hell feels like it.  We got to about Fifth Avenue and I knew I had to go nap and start on the mountain of laundry calling my name on 54th Street.  Is this really where I'm gonna say goodbye to Choire?  Here?  We hugged, said a little goodbye, he rendered me a check for my services (I'll just let you all believe what you want to about that), said some highly unmemorable stuff, and walked away.  But Choire?  Thanks.  Most obviously, thanks for pushing me to blog.  It cracked my world open and let the future in.  But thanks for the hundred small things that I've forgetten to thank you for, or even the ones I already have.  Thanks for not feeding the drama queen.  Thanks for telling other people I'm good.  Thanks for telling me, too.  Thanks for making me go see that movie about Mexican dogs.  Just thanksthanksthanksthanksthanksthanksthanks.  We have some weird connection, you and I, but I enjoy the hell out of it.  We really are the most improbable friends.  But from our online chats, to the Flatiron Building, to Ralph's you've helped me to stay afloat these past few months and I hope someday I make myself worthy of your friendship.  I love you.  I've gotta go now...I'll blog more later...