The Best Little Warehouse  Tuesday it all went into storage.  Most of it, anyway.  At 9am, two movers and one fairly big truck came to haul away my boxes and crates and bags full of books and clothes and kitchen stuff and Goddess knows what else.  And, believe it or not, it all went pretty smoothly.  I was determined to make the two and a half hour minimum for the move, so at about 7am I started moving stuff downstairs myself.  My building (soon to be my  old  building) was built in the early twenties, so it has an old, manually operated service elevator.  As Choire had predicted last Sunday when he came over to taunt me as I packed, some of the boxes were overstuffed and structurally unsound.  But it's amazing what extra packing tape can do.  I was dripping with sweat by the time the movers got here, but I'd cut there job in half, so they pretended not to notice I looked like some sort of manic convict.  Even though most of my belongings were in boxes (but clearly marked...I am a Virgo, after all), it's a strange sensation to have people walk by them, appraising them, asking if I'm moving, wondering how many boxes there are, is any of it for sale...  I felt a little like Scrooge watching his belongings being picked over after his death.  But finally the last of it was being loaded onto the big truck and I called Jon Jordan to let him know I'd be picking him up in a cab so we could meet the movers at Chelsea Storage.  Ah, Chelsea Storage.  Right on the West Side Highway, Jon and I used to bike by it on our morning rides.  It's massive.  Floors and floors now of storage units of different sizes.  We determined what size I'd need and Jon and I went to go look at the unit.  The first they showed us had a window in it and I was concerned that it might break and rain or snow all over my rare books.  So they showed us a second one and I took it.  8x10.  A fitting size for an actor.  We filled out the endless paperwork and went up to move things into the space.  An interesting thing has been happening during my remaining time in the City.  Much like Scrooge, I'm being reminded of people and places that have passed through my life during the past 18 years.  The trip up to my storage unit is no different.  In order to get to that part of the warehouse, you have to walk through what used to be The Tunnel, a nightclub I used to frequent as a lad.  I was disoriented at first.  I mean, we'd been walking through brick warehouse and suddenly the walls are painted silver, there's the dj booth, the dancefloor, the former Kenny Scharf room...all kinds of memories were attacking my senses.  That's the spot where Stephen and I chatted with Michael Musto, who was clutching a straw purse with big plastic flowers, for 40 minutes until he realized he really didn't know us and then just walked away.  The dancefloor where I really learned to love Junior, and where I once took two straight boys for their first taste of Manhattan clubbing and drugging.  The Kenny Scharf room where for some reason I got free drinks all night and where we'd go to recover a bit from the mayhem of the dance floor.  And here I was strolling through this in the middle of the morning, around the time I used to leave, on my way to put my life into a container so I could leave New York.  Very strange.  Up on the sixth floor, the movers were already starting to put my stuff into the new space.  I, of course, wanted to do it all myself (I had a Magic Marker in my pocket ready to re-label for easy identification and access.  Also, since I knew what was in which box, I wanted to make sure things were stacked properly and sensibly.  Now, I know I was in a little bit of a hurry towards the end of my storage packing (I'm still packing what I'm taking and what I'm tossing, plus a second, smaller wave of storage), but I guess somewhere I'd packed a   Furby  (don't ask) but forgotten to remove his batteries and everytime that particular box was jostled, he'd started muttering and gurgling.  Initially, the Jamaican mover hadn't wanted to touch the box, assuming (probably rightly) that I had some bad mojo in it.  Well, after I told Jon and the movers that they should just go, since I was only gonna shift boxes around, he was the only company I had.  If it got too quiet, I'd just knock the box and he'd start singing and babbling.  It probably should've been annoying, but I kinda enjoyed the company...he was certainly more coherent than many of my previous companions at The Tunnel.  About an hour later, I stepped back and looked at it all.  The better part of the last 18 years, neatly boxed and labeled, and I didn't understand it any better than I had before.  But at least it was now safe.  No one could come to my apartment and toss it out onto the street because I hadn't paid rent.  I breathed a smallish sigh of relief, closed the door and snapped the lock.  As I was waiting for the elevator to come, all alone on the sixth floor of this huge warehouse, I could hear Furby sneezing and muttering to himself.  As surreal as it was, it made me laugh.  At least my life's not boring.  Got back to the apartment, looked around and...well, it didn't look that much emptier.  Still a lot of furniture and papers and clothes and so much dog hair I could knit my own litter.  But a big chunk, an important chunk, was out of the way.  One more step closer to being a resident of the fine State of Louisiana.