Packin' It In  Guess you're wondering where I've been.  Me, too.  Seems it took Post-Traumatic Stress Syndrome to get me moving, but finally...I'm moving!  In another week or so, I'm throwing my clothes, some belongings and a freaking adorable dog into a Dodge Intrepid and I'm driving to Louisiana.  It had to happen.  This apartment has been too expensive for far too long, but losing my long term temp gig really killed my financial picture.  And can I tell you how lousy terrorist activity is for the temp industry?  So all I've been doing is pushing scented candles for $7/hr, and, well, that barely keeps me in designer drugs.  I need an apartment I can really afford, in a city where I can get a job that keeps me afloat but doesn't eat my soul, where I can simplify and detox and reassess.  I kept thinking about that little bachelor apartment sitting empty, with the world's   sexiest  and   most stimulating  (intellectually, you pigs) landlords, and so I picked a date.  Just like that.  And my new life awaits...  Funny thing is, although I've had moments of anxiety and it's a scary thing, now that the decision is made, everything seems to be falling into place to make it an easy move.  Jon Jordan is,  of course, being a rock.  Even though I know it's painful to him for me to be leaving.  But he's going to loan me a little cash to get my stuff in storage and he's gonna rent the car for my drive down (noooo, the rental company won't take my green dollars, they have to have a credit card...whatever).  Within a couple of days I got a coupon in the mail for 50% four months of storage and another that waives the drop-off fee for a one-way car rental.  My lease and my gym membership are both up in November.  Seems I'm meant to go South.  I'm ready.  Trust me, though, there's messiness to be dealt with.  Back rent that probably won't be paid (don't cry for them, they're gonna triple the rent on this apartment), things still to be packed, sold, stored.  A strictly pedestrian dog to be acclimated to a long car drive.  Some of it's being dealt with, some of it's just gonna have to take care of itself.  Though it won't be entirely behind me once I'm out of here, it's all gonne be much, much better.  Simpler.  And more humid.  So that's it, that's my news.  Consider yourself updated.  Now I've gotta get some junk packed so I can haul it down to   Chelsea Mini Storage .  More soon.  Really.  In the meantime, if you have anything interesting to tell me about my new home, I'm all ears.  And if you'd like to sponsor this move, I'm all pockets...