          THE GRAY HOUSE...  Yesterday, I was watching CNN when Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and President Bush gave a joint press conference following their closed door meetings.  After listening to Sharon read what amounted to a heaping of praise on Bush (while losing his place in the written speech several times), I stopped what I was doing and just listened with my mouth open.  I swear if I hadn't known better, I would have thought a White House scribe wrote it.  In between all the kudos, Sharon did mention that Israel would continue to build the "security fence" (which already wraps around parts of contentious West Bank area in concrete and wire).  While the Israelis contend it is to keep out suicide bombers and protect its people, it at the same time cuts through territories and communities that the Palestinians call their own.  It is unfortunate that while there is a tenuous cease fire, the Israelis and Palestinians are caught in a never ending loop of "you must do this first, before we...".  It is also unfortunate to see President Bush--who the previous week in meetings with Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas said the fence was "a problem"--step away from that position.  This week, it's become a "a sensitive issue" and President Bush has claimed and "unshakeable" committment toward Israeli security.  It seems that peace will never be attainable if the U.S. continues to try and walk such a fine and narrow line of shifting policies.  More importantly, where in the murk can the real seeds of peace grow?     BOY MEETS.....NO SIGNAL  I had looked forward  to watching  Bravo's "Boy Meets Boy", after the rousing success of "Queer Eye On The Straight Guy".  Unfortunately, my cable company had "technical difficulties" and I could not tune in to either airing of the show.  I'm supposed to have a technician out today to reset my receiver today.  I hope I get to see the rebroadcast on Friday.   LIKE A FINE WHINE...  As July draws to a near, I'm reminded that I'll soon be turning 38 (August 12).  For the first time since turning 30, I'm feeling a bit distressed about my age.  Usually, it doesn't bother me.  But this year, I feel my nesting instinct kicking in big time.  Maybe it's still being single at 38.   Don't get me wrong.  I'm very happy with my Life and what I've accomplished thus far.  But, it seems more than ever that I'm ready to share my life with someone on a long-term basis.  It's funny because so many times I tell friends and family that I don't feel "grown-up".  By all measures society uses to define "grown-up", I am and should be.  But, I think I feel there is a part of me that will always be a "little kid".  I don't think that's a bad thing either.  I've had two serious romantic relationships that ended badly--and probably made me enjoy being single longer than I should have.  Now, I just think I'm really missing the companionship and having someone to share life with.  At the same time, I think sometimes the gay community places such a premium on youth.  Then I wonder if I somehow missed the boat?  Or maybe it's just been delayed?  Okay, it's official.  I need a boyfriend..........