          DON'T ASK, DON'T TELL  Who knew reality television was....well.....so real?    When Michael Jason Tiner appeared as a contestant on Bravo's 'Boy Meets Boy' using his middle name   Jason , he knew he had already sealed his fate.  After eight years of service in the U.S. Navy, Tiner was   discharged  from service under the existing and laughable "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy.  A combat systems instructor, Tiner was out to his family and friends.  The twenty-six year old was recognized in a promotional commercial for the show by a fellow service member and thus begain his discharge process.  The fact that our government is willing to have men and women put their lives on the line to voluntarily train, teach and fight--as long as they keep a part of who they are secret--is beyond disgusting.  Yet during the recent war in Iraq, it was obvious the policy was not enforced as stringently as it had been in peacetime conditions.  Yes, Ladies and Gentlemen, you can serve your Country.  You can die for your Country.  But, don't you even consider being 'one of those' homosexuals.  While Tiner knew that the consequences were inevitable and that he was personally ready to be out to everyone, the simple fact that he was discharged (albeit "honorably") is so wrong on so many levels.  No matter how many gay people or characters are on television currently, it does not even come close to making up for the gross injustice that gays and lesbians face in the military on a daily basis.  This piece from the Servicemember's Legal Defense Network (SLDN) on the   DADTDPDH  policy raises some interesting points and I would urge you to read it.   In a related matter,   Reichen Lehmkuhl , one half of the winning duo on 'The Amazing Race 4' has signed on with the SLDN to work on a documentary about the "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy directed by Jonathan Baker.  According to Lehmkuhl, “The Pentagon is firing three people every day simply because of their sexual orientation.  If the same thing were happening in corporate America, most citizens would be rightfully outraged. The fact that our nation’s largest employer discriminates against gay Americans under the sanction of federal law is equally appalling.”  Some days.  Aaargh!   WORD OF THE DAY    opprobrious    "BRUISES"  bruises on your skin gifts of his generosity blues of his sin blacks of his demons within fragile is your body broken is your smile blows of kindness killed your heart death by survival who will stop the pain? the cycle of violence regurgitates the soul mitigates tears flow like rain blood flows from his blame silent withstander frustrated bystander bruises on our skin --arg