          NOTES ON THE GLOBES  In a usual mix of predictability and surprise, the Hollywood Foreign Press proved once again, you can have an awards show without the ridiculous song and dance numbers.  It was great to see Mike Nichols' "Angels In America" justly rewarded.  Along with winning the best mini-series prize, it won individual acting awards for Al Pacino, Meryl Streep, Mary-Louise Parker, and Jeffrey Wright.  On the television side, the most pleasant surprise was the win of "24" in the best drama category.  On the film side, I was thrilled that Charlize Theron was recognized for her work in "Monster".  Overall, the movie awards were kind of all over the place.  It will be interesting to see what develops when the Academy Award nominations are announced tomorrow morning.   "D" IS FOR DEFECIT  Next Monday, President Bush is expected to send a  $2.3 TRILLION  budget to Congress.  Today, the Congressional Budget Office released a   report  saying that the federal deficit will hit a record $477 billion this year and get worse if lawmakers cut taxes or increase spending.  This defecit would be the largest ever in the history of the United States.  While President Bush's new spending initiatives outlined in the State of the Union address are indeed modest by historical reference, they certainly do not seem fiscally sound in light of the impending defecit.  Asking Congress to not increase spending or a re-elected Bush to not cut taxes are fantasies at best.  More proof that the elections of 2004 are more important than ever.   WHO DO YOU SLEEP WITH?  I had an invitation to a very enjoyable dinner party on Saturday.  It was a nice mix of friends and strangers who quickly became new acquaintances.  After a superb dinner and several glasses of wine, several varied conversations broke out.  One of the most interesting and vocal crowds was discussing everybody's favorite subject: sex.  I listened for a bit before jumping into the fray.  A conversation that had begun discussing the concept of "metrosexuality" had eventual lead to a discussion of whether it was out of the bounds of reality for an indentified 'straight' man to consider having some kind of sexual relations with another man.  Of course, the main argument was that if a heterosexual male fantasized or partook in a sex act with another man--then he was no longer heterosexual.  This invariably lead to the is-bisexuality-a-real-thing or a cop-out debate.  I have to say, it was rather interesting to listen to a bunch of males and females (most of whom I assume were heterosexuals) have this discussion.  I soon was knee-deep as the only professed homosexual in the bunch.  While the discussion never went out of bounds, it was thoroughly refreshing to see the spectrum of opinions and how they varied by sex.  One of the things that kept running through my head was how interesting it was that there were so many variations on how the terms "sexual orientation" and "sexual identity" were defined.  There were as many opinions as there were intelligent, educated individuals.  When I got home, I was compelled to go searching for some notes I had done researching an article to e-mail to a couple of friends that were at the party.  Some of the most interesting research and thought in the areas of development of sexuality and homosexuality (in my opinion) has been done by the team of Mr. John P. De Cecco and Mr. Michael G. Shively.  One of their tenets defines sexual identity in males and females as having four distinct parts.  They call the first "biological sex" which is the genetic material encoded in chromosomes.  They then identify a "gender identity" which is a psychological sense of being male or female.  After the determination of biological sex and gender identity,  Shively and De Cecco identify a "social sex role" which encompasses an adherence to the culturally created behaviors and attitudes within a sub-group that are deemed 'appropriate' for males or females.  Finally, they see "sexual orientation" as the erotic and/or affectional disposition to the same and/or opposite sex.   After several e-mails back and forth, I think we're set for the next dinner party.