          REICHEN & CHIP  After four continents, twenty-four cities and over 44,000 miles,   Reichen & Chip  were the victors on CBS's "The Amazing Race 4".  The married gay couple surprisingly took the lead from David & Jeff (who had lead the last two legs of the race and ultimately finished in 3rd place).  Something tells me that Reichen will NEVER let Chip drive again.  As for Jon's naked underwater romp, I say next season it should be mandatory to perform all Road Blocks in the nude.  All kidding aside, I love this show and I hope that CBS continues it.   P.T.C vs. C.S.I.   The watchdog Parent's Televison Council has voted   'CSI'  as the least family-friendly show on television.  The group  cites episodes that contained cannibalism, S & M sex clubs and snuff films among its blacklist.  Who are these parents and where do they live?  Do they watch the evening news?  There's a lot worse happening out here in the real world.  Of course, if you look at the list of the top five shows according to the PTC, 'Touched By An Angel' was the best show this past season.  Unfortunately for them, it was also cancelled.  Further, I refuse to watch any show on the PAX channel--especially shows starring Billy Ray Cyrus.   THE FAB 5  'Queer Eye On The Straight Guy' continues to break records.  Tuesday's episode was the highest rated show thus far, with 2.9 million viewers.  The Five appear on the cover of "   " The Advocate "  " (08.19.03) and trade quips in a group interview.  One of my favorite exchanges:   The Fab 5 on straights in society:   The Advocate:  Before you’d done the show, had you ever—I mean, obviously you had met straight people, but perhaps you didn’t know they were straight. Had you ever really met any straight people?  Carson:  I’d never actually spoken to a straight person before.  Kyan:  Actually, my mother and father were straight.  Ted:  It’s a shocking discovery for a lot of us, but there is a world outside of Chelsea. Some of my best friends are straight. And there’s nothing wrong with them.  Carson:  As long as they act gay in public, I’m fine with it.  Ted:  As long as they don’t talk about it and shove it in my face, I really don’t mind.    COFFEE TABLE BOOK OF THE WEEK  I recently picked up   " Pierre Et Gilles: The Complete Works"   and I'd highly recommend it to fans of great photography.  The French duo of Pierre et Gilles has had a great impact on the photography of the human form and pop culture in general.  This book chronicles their work from the late 70's to date.  It is also a beautifully put-together book with a quilted dustjacket.  Pierre et Gilles on Nina Hagen: