          THE AMAZING RACE  CBS's around-the-globe reality program,   The Amazing Race 4 , has reached its last leg.  I've been a fan of this show since the first edition.  Not only are the people fascinating, but the show has a great infusion of World culture and geography.  The final three teams this year include two all-male teams (  David & Jeff ,   Reichen & Chip ) and one engaged co-ed team (  Kelly & Jon ).  Each team stumbled a bit on the way to their penultimate pitstop at Ellis Beach, Australia.  But, the competition remains fierce and very close.  Jeff and David (who had a bit of a problem with a pile of sheep's wool) retain the lead and continue to show great teamwork.  Reichen & Chip doggedly pursue the lead team, but their relationship shows some signs of wear (Chip accidentally ran over Reichen's foot with their vehicle).  Kelly & Jon are a mess.  Kelly is overbearing and constantly berates Jon.  They had numerous problems in this leg of the race--but one incident really made me laugh despite it being a potentially dangerous accident.  One of the Road Blocks was an off-road dune buggy course that had to be completed by one of the team members.  Jon's enthusiasm to do it was written all over his face.  Half way through the course, he turned sharply and the buggy rolled over.  Needless to say, Kelly was a bit distressed.  Her screams gave way to two comments that were just too telling.  Instead of worrying about Jon's safety, she comes up with these winners: "Now I won't get my fancy schmantzy wedding!" and "Jon be careful!  I need you....to win the million dollars."  While Jon was unhurt and giddy, maybe he should reconsider the engagement?   QUEER EYE GUYS  There's a great cover story in the August 8th issue of    Entertainment Weekly   on the " Queer Eye On The Straight Guy " phenomenon.   The article entitled "They're Here! They're Queer! And They Don't Like Your End Tables!" contains a lot of behind-the-scenes information on the show and cast.  It was interesting to note that the shows are filmed over a four-day period.  There is also an accompanying article ("Super Queer") discussing the gay television boom.  On the issue of stereotypes, I found this quote by Kyan Douglas very interesting:  " If gay people decide that they can't be flamboyant and funny because straight people aren't going to like it, then what's the point?  Either way, we're not allowed to be ourselves.  I want to be gay on my own terms. "       GEEKTIQUE  Do you hate spam and run Windows OS?  Try out this great Freeware program:   SpamPal for Windows .  It's easy to install and works very effectively.  Also, if you haven't added your   Google Toolbar 2.0 .....what are you waiting for?  A nifty piece of software adds a toolbar to your IE Browser with a Google Search box, a Pop-Up Killer, and a Blog This! tool.  Did I mention Pop-Up Killer?   WORD OF THE DAY    boutade