          THE MORNING AFTER...  Yesterday I turned 38.  All in all, it was a great day capped by a wonderful dinner with family and friends.  I still feel the same and nothing's fallen off (*knock wood*), so I guess I can cope.  One of my favorite things that I received as a gift was the new Gamecube game   Mario Golf: Toadstool Tour .  I am total sucker for Mario--which I suppose is further proof that the inner-child still thrives.  I also received an awesome   Diptyque  " Menthe Verte " (Garden Mint) candle.  Can I just say these handpoured candles are sinful.  You may not want to throw the box away as it smells as good as the candle.  If you are a candle connoisseur, Diptyque is your valhalla.  After a great dinner of chicken quesadillas,  we overindulged in cherry crepes with fresh whipped creme. Yum!   NEW JERSEY ( DEAD ) GIRL?  So let's regroup.  Mirimax's has a new strategy at trying to wash the bad taste out of the twelve moviegoer's mouths who braved the disaster flick " Gigli ".  Their strategy apparently is to promote the fact that one half of the Bennifers will die shortly after the movie begins.  (  " After 'Gigli,' Less of J. Lo Is Seen as a Good Thing " ).  Hmmm...so much for plot points.  I guess their deadly chemistry in " Gigli " was enough to start the PR machine going for a film that is not even scheduled to unspool until March 2004.  Where are Jay & Silent Bob when you need them?   THE "COCOA GODDESS"  Just finally got around to watching "  " Bringing Down The House " " on DVD.  I'm am really impressed with Queen Latifah's comedic chops.   She and Steve Martin are the perfect foils for one another.  I certainly hope a sequel is in the offing.  The movie is superbly cast with standout turns by Eugene Levy, Joan Plowright and Betty White.  If you feel like laughing, check it out if you haven't.....or watch it again.  Can't wait to get my " Chicago " DVD and another Latifah fix next week.   "AMC PROJECT: GAY HOLLYWOOD"  AMC's   " The AMC Project: Gay Hollywood "  following five gay men as they pursue careers in Hollywood was an interesting attempt at viewing the challenges faced by openly gay men trying to work in onscreen and behind the scenes roles.  I'm not sure that it was totally successful--mainly due to time constraints.  It is very interesting to read the feedback of AMC's viewers on their site.  Beyond the standard "you're going to hell" remarks, it seems that some of the gay audience was divided as well.  In a point made several times by one of the film's subjects--Lance Dustin Black--it was claimed that the men chosen to be chronicled were "too gay".  I'm always puzzled by this phrase.  When does being gay cross some invisible boundary on the masculinity scale to become "too gay"?  How do you know if you are "too gay"?  I wasn't aware that there was some calcuable sliding scale of gayness.  Is 6.5 on the gay meter "too gay"?  The concept of "too gay" and "straight acting" seem to arouse strong opinions in the gay men I've discussed this issue with.  I've always wondered if there's not a bit of internalized homophobia in these descriptors.