          WHO WANTS TO BE GOVERNOR?  The California effort to recall Governor Gray Davis and the subsequent election to replace him is turning into quite the circus.  The list of candidates is getting downright strange.  When Larry Flynt, Gary Coleman, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Angelyne, Gallagher, Arianna Huffington, and Lt. Governor Cruz Bustamante all want the same job--frankly I'm scared.  Kudos to Mr. Schwarzenegger's only-in-Hollywood stunt of announcing his candidacy on the " Tonight Show ".  It's quite a feat to show your ass on the Big Screen and the Little Screen in the same calendar year.  Jay Leno better forget that   makeover  via the "Queer Eye" guys and get 50 Cent to give him the "P.I.M.P." crash course.  How funny is it that this whole recall effort started because of the failing economy and supposed mismanagement of California's state budget by Governor Davis?  Do they think this whole recall fiasco is really going to save the state money?  To vote for Arnold, please dial 1-866-IDOLS-01; To vote for Arianna, please dial 1-866-IDOLS-02; etc.   NEW JERSEY GIGLI-o?  First, the Bennifers are showing off their happy homemaker vibe on NBC's "Dateline" and trying to rustle up business for that little movie "   Gigli  ".  The story goes that the night said display airs,  Ben is on location in a   Vancouver  strip club inspecting the merchandise.  Suddenly, the    The National Enquirer   is giving free polygraph tests; Jen's on the radio discussing Ben's tipping habits.  Oh, the horror of it all.  To think America still has " Jersey Girl " to look forward to???  You know, I liked Ben a lot more when he was gay and in love with Matt.     ONE TOO MANY...  Lately, I've been listening to a certain CD quite a bit.  I think it's quite good. *ducking for the flying fruit*  Check out   " One Too Many: Live From New York"   by joe mac & eman.   No.  Seriously.  Released on indie Bacouris Records, the live acoustic set by former NKOTB Joey McIntyre and frequent collaborator Emanuel Kiriakou is a lot of fun.  Granted, it won't be for everyone.  But if you like good old Pop music give it a spin.  Recorded at Joe's Pub (NYC), the set features their own stuff and some interesting covers (Van Morrison's "Wild Night", Cyndi Lauper's "Time After Time", U2's "One" and "With Or Without You".  Gay Boys:  check out tracks 16 (" Falling ") and  17 (" What If I Was Gay? ").