          I'M A SINNER!  During his press conference on July 30, President Bush had the following to say when a reporter asked what his views on homosexuality were:  " I am mindful that we're all sinners.  And I caution those who may try to take the speck out of their neighbor's eye when they got a log in their own. I think it's very important for our society to respect each individual, to welcome those with good hearts, to be a welcoming country.  On the other hand, that does not mean that somebody like me needs to compromise on issues such as marriage. And that's really where the issue is headed here in Washington, and that is the definition of marriage. I believe marriage is between a man and a woman, and I believe we ought to codify that one way or the other and we have lawyers looking at the best way to do that. "  In spite of the obvious pronoun problems and the reference to Jesus' Sermon On The Mount, I was left scratching my head by his answer to reporter's query.  The first thing I wondered about is whether we are to infer from his comment that homosexuality=sin?  It would seem to be the case.  Further, while we may have good hearts and live in a welcoming country--if you are homosexual, don't even think of getting married.  So much for the respect part.  I've never really had a strong personal opinion on the issue of gay marriage--one way or the other.  I do, however, believe that if marrriage is something two people in love want to do--they should be able to regardless of their gender.  What I can't figure out is how marriage between a man and a woman is not a sin, but between two men or women it is?  Further, if two men or women marry, would it lead to the utter collapse of society as we know it?  Highly doubtful.  However, the Supreme Court's recent ruling regarding sodomy laws has apparently mortified Conservatives.  What is truly puzzling from a legal standpoint are President Bush's assertion that the definition of marriage should be codified.  In 1996, Democratic President Bill Clinton signed the "Defense of Marriage Act" into law.  Two of the major provisions of that law prohibited any federal recognition of gay marriage (at the same time disallowing benefits like those given under Social Security or to Veterans) and relieves states of any obligation to recognize gay marriages performed in other states where they might be legal.  Seems to cover all of the bases.  So why would Bush want any further codification?   Whether the word is "marriage" or "civil union" or "committment", the most egregious part of this whole issue is the failure of the Federal Government to provide certain basic rights and privileges to same sex couples that it bequeaths to opposite sex couples.  Sin or not.