          FOR THE RIDE HOME  If you haven't checked out the major label debut of singer/songwriter   Josh Kelley  yet, you owe it to yourself to give his music a listen.  With his album, 'For The Ride Home', the twenty-two year old native Georgian proves to be quite a talent.  His music often veers into territory considered rootsy--but cannot be pinned down into one genre.  Don't hold that against him--it's one of the things that makes this collection of songs so endearing.  The songwriting is honest and heartfelt.  Stylistically, it would be easy to lump Kelley into the vein of up and coming talent like John Mayer and Jason Mraz or stalwarts like Dave Matthews--but that would be selling him short.  There is such a rich deepness to his vocals and an urgency to his lyrics that sets him apart.  Among my favorite cuts: "Amazing", "Home To Me", "Angeles", "Everybody Wants You", and the simply brilliant "Faces".  '  For The Ride Home ' will definitely be one of my top five albums of 2003.   TANGLED WEBS  As if the Bush White House didn't have enough to deal with on their plates, now comes allegations of the   outing  of a CIA operative in a twisted political payback. The wife of former Ambassador to Niger, Joseph C. Wilson IV, has been publically named in at least two printed media outlets effectively ending her career as an undercover operative dealing with weapons of mass destruction.  I'm so glad that Bush's campaign promise to bring back dignity and honesty to the White House has been such a rousing success.   USELESS, BUT OH SO FUN, PRODUCT OF THE WEEK    Airzooka Air Gun    AMAZING RENEWAL  Coming off a surprise win in the reality category at the Emmys, CBS has finally   announced  that the series will indeed be back for a fifth season.  Always a critical darling, the show struggled to generate ratings in the reality overrun Summer season.  Many had predicted it would get the axe, but apparently its new found recognition granted it a repreive.  The Jerry Bruckheimer produced series is now   taking applications  for teams to compete and season five will air during Summer 2004.   HAND WASH, TUMBLE DRY (An Op-Ed)  Labels.  They are everywhere--on our clothes, on our food, on our lives.  A direction here.  A warning there.  It's all about the labels.  It is an unfortunate fact of life that labels are easy to tag on people as well.  From the externally evident: male, female, black, white, brown, yellow.  To the more obtuse labels worn on the inside: catholic, jew, buddhist, aethiest, republican, democrat, independent, heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, middle-class, homeless, racists, communists, socialists, jocks, freaks, et. al.   I'm not naive enough to think that all of the aforementioned "labels" do not exist. Fact of life, they do. We are a society and world that finds order in the ability to sort people, label them, and fence them into various cubbyholes. Until individuals refuse to acknowledge the labels for what they are and afford treatment to one another as human beings instead of labels, we shall be doomed to the entrapment of vicious cycles....history repeating. That's where you and I in our own small way have the power to influence a microcosm of this world. By learning, acclimating ourselves and by attempting to stop reinforcing our own biases and predjudices, then perhaps we can spare one more person of a label.  Personally, one of the scariest notions to me is that as a people, a collective whole, we've become disillusioned, complacent, weary, burned-out, accepting, caving--so bitterly overdosed on the reality of status quo that we don't EXPECT anything but. This to me is a tragedy of unbearable proportion.  Yet, Life goes on. Ignorance is bliss. Hear no evil, speak no evil. Trite.  It seems just like fashion and music, retro is in. Maybe if we believe it hard enough the Seventies will come back.....or the Eighties. Peace and Love. The Me Decade....aah, the good ol' daze. Maybe then, we can forget the insurrgence of hatred seeping in. We can remember times when sex didn't kill. The times when the excuse for everything was, "shit happens". Oblivion deliver us from reality. The fact is, we can go back to an extent, think back, and romance times gone by. Bottom Line: The future is now. So what are you going to do about it?  What am I going to do? I guess therein lies our future. Or if not ours, then the next generation of boys and girls who shall hopefully have the privelege and opportunity to become men and women. Maybe even well-adjusted and socially accepted gay men and women (if that be their Life). But as I think about it, maybe before homosexuals, gays, lesbians, queers, whatever your term du jour be, can gain societal acceptance, we have to learn an even more important lesson amongst our own community. That is, how to accept one another--each of us for who and what we are. Begin from the beginning.  The beginning. It sounds like such a simple concept. When you read a book, you start at the beginning; But life is not as simple as a "how-to" manual. In practicality, factions are still arguing over the fact of when life even begins. So how does a community of men and women who are so diverse among themselves and so unaccepted socially begin? Where does it begin? Of course there is the historical perspective that teaches of Stonewall and the "gay liberation movement". While these events are historically significant, and I in no way mean disrespect to the men and women that have come before me in these courageous endeavors, the truth of the matter is whatever progress has been made has at the same time had some critically negative 'costs' to gay men and women. Yes, perhaps we are now able to be more open, have some 'rights', and live lives that men and women one hundred years ago only dreamed of.  But is this progress or merely a state of affairs deserved from the very beginning?. If one looks at the what being gay entails as we approach the year 2004, we still find the need for closets, discrimination, rancor, and a general sense of not belonging in a conformist society.  Perhaps more critically, the gay community itself has become splintered as groups and factions try to come to grips with all of the situations unique to their lives. We all claim "pride"-- and yet each group bashes the other for pursuing their own set of objectives. Even something as base as "safe sex" has become a hotbed political issue which gay men and women argue over--not a life and death issue. No one is any longer content to be fighting for a gay cause, and moreover, what is a gay "cause"? Today one must be a militant dyke, or a flaming queen, or a transvestite, or a bisexual, or an ACT UP member, or a White Party boy toy, or a Sex Panic! disciple, or a Log Cabin Republican lawyer, or a right-handed, blue-eyed, bear biker from the Midwest with militia ties.  I think you get my point. We have lost the point. In what may be the cruelest of ironies, we have become a lot like those closed-minded, homophobic haters against whom we gathered to overcome. Brother and sister are now enemy.  Now that may sound extreme, and perhaps it is somewhat overstated. But if you think about it for a minute, it's not that far-fetched of a concept. I think at the heart of it all lies the fact that living in today's world is a struggle for anyone.....for any mere human. Everyone has their metaphoric and symbolic crosses to bear. No matter what is at the root of any person's sexuality, it is but a single part of the whole that makes the person. So maybe a straight man does not understand what makes a woman lesbian--or why he finds the idea so arousing. Maybe a gay man does not understand how a close friend can label himself as bisexual. Maybe a heterosexual female does not grasp the concept or the sexuality of a drag queen. Maybe neither the homosexual or heterosexual male or female understand the internal struggles of a transgendered individual. They are all in their own special ways riddles...enigmas. And the easiest thing to do when we do not understand something is to malign it, ridicule it, spite it. But ask yourself--Who wears those shoes?  There in lies the double-edged sword we find ourselves precariously balanced on. All the times that as a collective whole men and women have fought for--that simple ability to  be  gay and lesbian people without having to live up to another group's imposed standards--have become one bitter and vicious circle...the proverbial snake eating its own tail. But why? The author Camille Paglia has advanced the notion that the lesbian and gay community will not be able to advance until will learn how to stop thinking in the broadest terms of "gay" or "straight"--and perhaps her thought is right on target. But maybe, the scope of her thesis can be enlarged even further. Maybe gay men and lesbian women--not too mention their heterosexual counterparts--need to stop worrying so much about the delineation between what is gay and straight, male and female, man or woman.  Of course, this delineation has existed even in the heterosexual world from time immemorial. Women have struggled to gain the right to vote, the right to serve in the military, the right to control their own reproductive systems, the right to demand equal pay for equal work, and yet any progress attained has not come without its price. Words such as "progressive", "feminist", "radical", "militant" and the like have become perjoratives used to battle women who want to stray from the male-dominated, male-defined world she lives in. Peeling back the layers further, one quickly realizes that gays and lesbians face many of the same struggles. A woman cannot or should not serve in the military, so the story goes....because she's too emotional, not capable of fighting or killing, not strong enough. Yet a gay man or a lesbian should not serve because of their overriding libidos and the fact that they will be in close quarters with the objects of their desire--we just can't control ourselves. Not to mention our mere presence would destroy troop morale. Foolish. right? Yet, sadly people believe and proliferate these arguments. Pride, dedication, service to one's country, and the protection of freedom suddenly become fractured by nothing more than one's genitalia and sexual identity--and this but only one of many issues that are splintered on such fallacious reasoning.  Just as we follow the care instructions on the labels of our favorite clothing, labels do indeed serve a specific purpose.  They can tell us things, teach us things, give us guidance.  But the label can never become the object that it is attached to.  We can sort them into as many piles as we wish, but that will never change what--or who--they are.