          DEBATABLE  I watched the California gubernatorial debate sponsored by the California Broadcasters Association on   CNN  last night.  (For a moment, we'll forget what that says about my social calendar.)  I'm honestly starting to think that Arnold Schwarzenegger thinks he is in some kind of movie--his own personal "Truman Show" gone horribly wrong.  How can anyone take him seriously when he refers to himself as the 'terminator'? When the moderator Stan Statham said, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is not Comedy Central. I swear.", I thought it was the line of the entire debate.  Mr. Statham was exasperated more than once trying to keep the debate on point and on time.  Honestly, if I lived in California and was a Republican, I would be waiting at the door of Senator Tom McClintock's campaign headquarters this morning to do anything possible to help his campaign.  He is obviously the most well-versed and sensible candidate.  If I was a  Democrat (which I am), I'd honestly vote for Arianna Huffington.  Trust me, I never thought I would say that.   BIG SISTER JUN  After all that drama, the "Big Brother 4" season drew to an icy cool conclusion last night.  Evil bitches, sluts, buzzard crotch, immigrants and all regathered in the house to make   Jun Song  the big winner by a vote of 6-1.  The fact that idiotic Nathan still voted for Alison after she used and dumped him (not to mention questioning his sexuality in the diary room) is mindnumbing.  Even more numbing was the reception that Alison and Jun received from their evicted houseguests.  After Jun was announced the winner, everyone just sat in complete silence. (Julie Chen query: "What just happened in there?")  CBS did its best job of editing the houseguest's comments to make it look like they were leaning in favor of Alison.  But, Alison's sneaky (read: bitchy) ways ultimately betrayed her.  All those kisses, two-timing alliances and bedhopping never did pay off.  I have to admit, I didn't want Alison to win.  I found Jun to be entertaining and despite her self-proclaimed status as an "evil bitch"--I liked her.  Maybe it came down to the lesser of two evils.  In the end, evil bitches do make for entertaining Summer viewing.    FAB FIVE ALA FRIENDS  Taking a page from the playbook of the "Friends"cast, it appears that the Fab Five are now negotiating with NBC for larger salaries.  Much has been written of late regarding the original $3,000 per episode salary contract the Five signed.  The breakout hit has now given the boys a deserved leveraging tool.  According to a piece in   The Philadelphia Inquirer , the cast is negotiating en masse for pay increases via their representation.  The show has also been given a pick-up for more episodes and a larger budget.  The interview with Ted Allen is interesting.  I really admire his candor:   " They got us cheap.  I don't resent it. I went into this with my eyes wide open. I was grateful for the chance. I was a nobody who didn't have leverage to demand a lot of money. "   BOOK OF THE WEEK  Jonathan Lethem's   "The Fortress of Solitude" .  Amazing!   DIANA  I finally gave in and purchased the deluxe edition of the newly remastered Diana Ross album, "  diana ".  With a list price of $29.98, it pays to shop around.  But honestly, it's worth it.  The first disc presents the eight tracks from the original release of "Diana".  The real surprise is a repeat of the album's tracks with the original Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards production.  Using much of what became trademark Chic layered productions, the album takes on an entirely different feel with the original production tweaking and mixes.  The second disc is filled with remixes and 12" recordings that have all been digitally remastered.  There's some great stuff in this package and it sounds amazing.   WORD OF THE DAY      fusuma    "NEVER COME DOWN"  the memory of skin the fingerprint of touch the voice of limbs the whisper of intimacy the comfort of breath the hunger of flesh the evaporation of world the combustion of desire the stripping of souls the savagery of wantoness the satiation of men the nakedness of love