          INTOLERANT BIGOTS?  Let's start with one of those 'feel good' kind of stories.  Republican National Committee Chairman, Ed Gillespie, made it clear that the Republican Party plans to take on the issue of gay marriage as part of the party's platform for the upcoming election cycle.  Making some fairly inflammatory remarks on Tuesday in an interview with    The Washington Times   reporter Ralph Z. Hallow, Gillespie accused gay activists of being intolerant and bigoted.  Gillespie made the following statement:   "I think when people say, 'Well, no, that's not enough that you accept me for who I am, you have to agree with — and condone — my choice,' that to me is religious bigotry, and I believe that's intolerant. I think they are the ones who are crossing a line here."    Hmmm?  I suppose one should aspire to be fine upstanding heterosexual folk such as Mr. Gillespie? Not.    XTINA 'DIRRTY'?  In a September 22nd blind item in Billy Masters's   "Filth!"  gossip column, he pointedly suggests that Christina Aguilera indulges in sapphic tendencies.  While, I didn't find the revelation all that shocking, it was amusing to see it so obviously couched.  But, forget the blind item!  The truth of the matter comes straight from the horse's mouth (so to speak).  In a   Gay.com UK  article (dated the same date), they quote Ms. Aguilera from an interview with a German newspaper,  NetZeitung , as saying the following    "I love experimenting with my sexuality. I want to try out as much as possible. It would be wrong of me to hide this side of my personality...I find it hornier looking at women than men."   It's rather refreshing to see someone who is a 'pop icon' be so open and honest.    ARMPIT HAIR?  While paging through my  Entertainment Weekly , I happened upon an article about the upcoming season of "The Bachelor" reality television program.  The show will feature rejected suitor from last season,   Bob Guiney , who is wildly popular with women and Oprah .  What was interesting was a picture of him in a swimming pool with his arms raised.  Even  EW  made a comment in the caption about the suspicious lack of hair in his armpits.  Now, not to dwell on armpits or anything, but I happened to read an article in the September 29 issue of  New York Magazine  regarding the   proclivity  of straight men (in particular athletes) to consider going hairless in vogue.  Now, I know that the issue of shaving is well known and oft discussed amongst gay men.  Many gay men I know seem to have an obsession of shaving some part (or parts) of their bodies--if not going the full monty. (p.s.  it does not look bigger!)  This fascination with 'smooth' boys is a matter of taste I suppose.  Personally, I like my men on the hirsute side.  Now, I don't necessarily mean hairy to the point of being an extra on 'Planet Of The Apes'.  But give me some hairy pectorals and a treasure trail and I'm a happy man.  (Back hair is another subject all together.)    It may be a case of wanting what you haven't got, as genetics has made me relatively lacking in that department--hair, that is.  Nonetheless, I was perhaps under the mistaken impression that hair was "in" again.  Now, those silly straight men are mucking up the waters.  Not to belabor the point, but I must say that I find a hairless armpit rather alarming.  Now I could go on about the subject--but to do so would probably end up with me sharing too much information, embarrassing myself and others and invading space where few tread publically.  Let's just say, there is a lot to be said for a hairy armpit.   RANDOM THOUGHTS...  * As much as I like Bill Hemmer, I have a crush on Anderson Cooper.  * I watch entirely too much CNN. * The Emmy Awards were tragically boring.   * I was glad to see Debra Messing, Edie Falco and "The Amazing Race" rewarded.   * The multi-no-host-comedians thing had a few laugh out loud moments, but mostly fell flat. * Am I the only one who does not 'get' "The West Wing" or "Everybody Loves Raymond"? * Why do Martin Sheen and Ray Romano irritate me so much?  * Those new Ritz Chips are yummy. * Melissa Etheridge 2, Liza Minelli 1/2, me 0. * Saw a tape of Esteban Cortezar's NYC Fashion Week show.  Mark my words, this 18 year-old is going to be a star. * The new Miss America 2004, Ericka Dunlap, is hot.  By the way, she's the first African-American Miss Florida delegate in pageant history. * Is purple the 'new' black? * R.E.M.'s new video clip is a sensory overload masterpiece. * Contrast & compare:  Howard Dean vs. Wesley Clark? * Why does the word 'bastard' seem to be invading my vocabulary of late?   ADDICTION OF THE WEEK  I cannot stop playing   Wario Ware, Inc.:Mega Micrograme$  on my Game Boy Advance SP.  I highly recommend this wacky game that requires extreme hand/eye coordination, short attention spans and the pursuit of fun. It's a bunch of mini-games involving puzzles, sports, tricked out cartoon characters and five-second timed events.  It's even more fun, when I should be working.