          SECTION 28 EIGHTY-SIXED  The controversial so-called 'Section 28' law in the U.K. will be   repealed  on November 18th of this year.  This strange little piece of legislation essentially  banned councils and schools in England and Wales from 'intentionally promoting homosexuality'.  Law since the late 1980's, it was never used to prosecute anyone.  However, it deeply divided human rights campaigners and British gay advocacy groups.  Several attempts were made to repeal the legislation, but had failed until now.   CHURCH OF ENGLAND PONDERS HOMOSEXUALITY  In the wake of the controversial election of Gene Robinson as Bishop of New Hampshire, the Church of England (which has the largest Anglican church membership in the world at approximately 26 million) has begun the   process  of coming to a decision on how the church will address the issue of sexuality.  Already having had the largest gathering of evangelical Anglicans in over fifteen years, the church is heading toward a showdown that will take place on October 15-16 at a meeting of the worldwide Anglican church leaders.  Many Anglicans are of the belief that the practice of homosexuality is sinful and was so ordained by God in the Bible.   SOUNDBYTE OF THE WEEK  Senator Ted Kennedy regarding the Bush policy in Iraq (appearing on CNN's "Judy Woodruff's Inside Politics"): "This is a failed, flawed, bankrupt policy.  The American people want answers."   MICROSOFT SEARCHING?  In an effort to out search Google, Microsoft has    announced  that it will begin investing money and technology into developing it own web search engine.  Of course, plans are to eventually build said engine into the Windows OS. (A side note: Microsoft is already developing the replacement for XP, which is codenamed "Longhorn".)  I think they should first worry about fixing all of the gaping security holes in the code of most of their products first.  Is it any wonder I'm seriously considering a Mac?   BOOTY NO MORE  This just in from the National Desk, Ms. Beyonce Knowles would like you to please just get over her ass.  Seems she's tired of the whole   bootyliciousness  of it all.  Hmmm.  Maybe if she stop shaking her rumpoid in every video and performance until her thighbone is nearly dislocated, no one would talk about her booty....er, um, ass.   MOOD RING  "In origami cities In nations built on sand Love got bent right outta shape Things got outta hand  Polystyrene skylines Papier mache smiles Rusted and bruised Tarnished and frail  Heavy and hollow Look at the shape we're in Find us here Paper thin" ---"Paper Thin" by ABC