          ABOVE THE FRUITED PLAINS...  (The Totally Ridiculous Homosexual History Of The United States Of America)  1492: From the very beginning gay men are quite active in searching for new worlds. In fact, when Columbus returns from his first voyage, several gay men protest, "Oh, he didn't discover America! We were there last weekend. It's not that great."  1621: The Pilgrims land first on the site of what is now Provincetown, Massachusetts. They see a few topless lesbians on Herring Cove and get right back on the boat.  1650: Puritanical Cotton Mather tries to supress homosexuality. Meanwhile, his gay cousin 100% Cotton Mather invents the stocks (for recreational purposes). The following year straight people decide to use it as a form of punishment.  1692: The Salem witch trials put a real damper on Halloween parties. Gays are targeted. In a shocking development, a drag queen is thrown into prison for dressing up as Elizabeth Montgomery and uttering those famous lines, "Mother, you take that spell off Darren right this instant." Her accuser is her nosy next-door neighbor, Hester Kravitz.  1765: The British institute the infamous Stamp Act, in which gay and lesbian bar patrons must now pay a cover at bars and taverns and have their hands stamped.  1776: Betsy Ross sews the first American flag. Ms. Ross is helped by her two backup sewers, Florence Ballard and Mary Wilson, who are later pushed aside when Betsy claws her way to the top.  1814: Francis Scott Key writes our national anthem, which is first sung publicly by that perenially troubled singer, Connie Francis Scott Key.  1825: The Marily Monroe Doctorine states that foreign powers should keep their female impersonators out of the Western Hemisphere.  1862: Civil War! In one of the bloodiest battles of the war, General Stonewall Jackson leads his troops of cross-dressing rebels in handbag to handbag combat.  1871: Gay men move West looking for real estate bargains.  1876: Alexander Graham Bell invents the telephone. His first words to Mr. Watson are, "What are you wearing?" Mr. Watson replies, "A lab coat, sir."  1881: Thomas Alva Edison invents the light bulb, and within hours his gay nephew, John Michael Edison, invents the dimmer switch.  1903: Wilbur and Orville Wright make their first airplane flight at Kitty Hawk. Their younger gay brother, John Michael Wright, goes along as the world's first flight attendant and serves his brothers honey-roasted peanuts.  1905: African-American inventor, John Michael Washington Carver, discovers over 300 uses for peanuts, including Thai noodles with a spicy peanut sauce.  1927: The first sound film. For the first time we can hear the voices of Hollywood stars, a great boon to drag queens who had been unsuccessfully trying to lipsynch to Louise Brooks.