          'DEAD RINGERS'  Last night, I had all intentions of watching '  The Good Girl ' on DVD.  However, I ended up pulling out   David Cronenberg's  masterpiece 'Dead Ringers' instead.  It's probably been three years or so since I last watched the film. The movie is still as terrifying, twisted, and psychologically unnerving as ever.  It truly is a marvel on so many different layers.  From the production values to Cronenberg's mind games with the audience, it was like watching it for the first time.  Jeremy Irons (long a favorite) gives a tour de force performance in the dual role of twin brothers/gynecologists Beverly & Elliot Mantle.  The 1988 film was made long before the technological advances of computer aided imagery.  Filmed using the old-fashioned split screen technique, the movie's editing and continuity is flawless.  Watching Irons play the brothers who share so much--and yet are so different--is transforming.  Cronenberg's morality parable shows us that the twins--who liken themselves to Siamese twins--are separate entities inextricably entwined.  Moreover, the film suggests that this duality exists in all of us.  The good and evil.  The masculine and feminine.  The sane and insane.  Through the drugs, sex and slide into madness, the film carefully walks the line of becoming maudlin and instead is glaringly truthful.  The fact that they are gynecologists is central to the impetus of the movie.  When love, jealousy and loathing take over with the inclusion of Genevieve Bujold's character in the brother's lives, the film is so uncomfortable and fascinating. (Beverly's scene in the operating room with his tools for 'mutants' is sheer genius.) You want to stop watching and looking, but it is impossible to do so.   Anyone with an interest in psychology and sexuality will find fodder for days in this film.  If you have not seen it, you must.  If you have, do yourself a favor and watch it again.  You may also want to check out a book called "  Twins: Dead Ringers " by Bari Woods and Jack Geasland.  It elaborates a bit more on the psychology of Elliot and Beverly.   BENNIFER BLAH-BLAH  Speaking of becoming psychologically unhinged...    When   CNN  is quoting "well-placed sources" giving his 'n' hers reasons for the "Break-Up", you know it's time to barf.  You can't look at a newstand, flip past a channel, or watch 'Entertainment Tonight' (which has now set up a bureau on both coasts to report the Ben/Jen buzz), with out hearing this story ad nauseum.    I'm just nauseated.  Enough already.  As I've said before, I liked Ben a lot more when he was gay.   GAVIN DeGRAW  Check out   Gavin DeGraw's  new album "Chariot".  The 26 year-old delivers one of those breakout debut albums that deserves attention.  Singer/songwriter/musician, DeGraw''s talents are impressive.  The writing on "  Chariot " is some of the best of the year thus far.   LATEST ACQUISITION  Picked up this great piece by artist Rick Esping.  It's hand sculpted from naturally tanned leather on a limestone base.  Now I just have to find the perfect place to display it.