          CARNIVALE  HBO has done it again.  They've taken a off-beat setting with off-beat characters (a la 'Six Feet Under') and created something very interesting.  The planned twelve episodes of '  Carnivale ' began with a mind warping premiere episode last night.  Creating an astonishing mood and feel from the get go with its fade in/fade out tarot card titles, the period piece is exquisitely crafted and brilliantly filmed.  Recreating the Depression era in startling detail (not to mention buckets of dust), the series has a cast of characters never before seen in episodic television.  It's spooky, magical, mystical, religious, odd, engaging, and terrifying all at once.  Yet, it's left many questions asked and unanswered.  But one can sense a showdown of the forces of good and evil looming in many places and characters.    Clancy Brown ,    Tim Dekay  and   Nick Stahl  are immediate standouts.  I am completely mesmerized by the lovely and talented   Clea Duvall .  It is evident that there is much more than meets the eye to these characters and story.  It's a pastiche of elements from wonderfully wicked classics like 'Twin Peaks', 'Blue Velvet'--and yet, with a good heap of originality and provocativeness.  As the credits began to roll, I was dumbfounded.  Completely engaged in the world of the carnival, 'freaks' and religion and left wanting to know what comes next.  If you missed the premiere, I'd highly recommend you catch the rebroadcast and check out this startling program.   DON'T TELL ROBIN  So, the long in casting Batman movie has finally found its lead actor in the from of   Christian Bale .  Beating out a host of other suitors including Jake Gyllenhall, Billy Crudup, Joshua Jackson, Eion Bailey and Cillian Murphy--all who screentested for the part--Bale will become the seventh Batman in the franchise's history.  An intriguing choice, as Bale will bring a dark and brooding edge to the character.  After floundering for quite some time, writer/director of the brilliant 'Memento', Christopher Nolan, is said to have made the final casting call.  With all the creativity and talent involved, one can only hope the result is better than Batman's last outing.   CONAN COOL  Conan O'Brien celebrated his tenth anniversary with a ninety minute primetime special on Sunday.  Such a consistantly funny and brilliant comedic mind, the clipfest highlighted many of the reasons why Mr. O'Brien truly rules the late night talk game.  From Jack Black's Meatloaf-esque musical tribute to Andy Richter's arrival as Thor, the special was filled with some of the show's greatest gags and tons of laughs.  Where else would you see John Tesh, Abe Vigoda, and William Shatner on a bicycle for three?  Or a demonstration of the chin dildo? A masturbating bear?  Or Triumph humping the wrong end of a Pomeranian?  Here's hoping Conan has many more hilarious years...   GEEKTIQUE 01.02  For those of you who may have something to hide from the RIAA, this piece of freeware should come in handy.  From MethLabs,   Peer Guardian v1.99b  is basically a firewall of sorts.   Each time you launch PeerGuardian, it downloads the latest list of known RIAA informants and blocks them from connecting to your computer. The list contains hundreds of known IP-address ranges the RIAA has used to catch file swappers and is continually updated and managed.  I know 'several unnamed sources' who give it two thumbs up.   I'M AN ADDICT  I have to admit something.  I'm addicted to lip balm.  Of course, in my defense, I do live in a hot, dry climate that plays hell on all of your skin--not just the lips.  But, if truth in reporting is still a virtue, I am also obsessed with my lips.  Apparently, I never surrendered my Freudian oral fixation. Hmmm.  I now realize that I own more lip products than any one man or woman has the right to.  It's such a dirty little secret and I have a drawer full of product research to prove it.  I guess wanting to have soft, kissable lips isn't that bad (rationalization).  After the eyes, the place my line of vision goes when scoping someone out is the lips.  But, I digress.  I've tried them all: organic, scented, flavored, high-end, low-end and everywhere in between.  For any of you closeted lip lickers out there, I'd highly recommend:   Kiehl's Lip Balm #1 , Philosophy's   kiss me  , Burt's Bees   Beeswax Lip Balm  and if you're secure in your manhood, Joey New York   Delipcious in Margarita .  Further refrences available upon request.  Kisses, as well.   WORD OF THE DAY    catafalque    "YOU NEVER LOOKED UP"  you never looked up when you gazed the mirror never saw behind you no tears when the well runs dry never forced to face the music the notes sour and quickly fade  you never looked up wouldn't let the truth set you free the shell of a man in a hell of a world you wore your crime like the red badge of courage  you never looked up anchored to expectations don't ask, don't tell you good little prodigal son what if you lied guilty of the sign  you never looked up to realize the beauty in your shadows I see free your trojan horse unfetter the blinders and look up...