          'NO GOING BACK'  (WARNING: Here he goes on another political rant...) On Sunday night, President Bush addressed the Nation under increasing political pressure from his own party.  The crux of his address was to casually drop the fact that he will be requesting $87 BILLION in additional funding from Congress for the contnuing war in Afghanistan and Iraq.  His speechwriters used this cute circular argument based on the theme of "no going back" to couch his argument.  However, just a little thought shows how this is yet another bold face lie.  President Bush now says,  "I recognize that not all of our friends agreed with our decision to enforce the Security Council resolutions and remove Saddam Hussein from power.  Yet we cannot let past differences interfere with present duties."  Further, ""Europe, Japan and states in the Middle East will benefit from the success of freedom in these two countries, and they should contribute to that success."    Can we say backtrack?  In the beginning the U.S. decided it did not need U.N. sanction to enter into the war in Iraq.  However, now that more soldiers have died post-war than during the war itself, all the countries of the U.N. should have a moral and financial obligation to help rebuild and establish peace in ravished Iraq?  This premise is simply laughable.  How he can even say that with a straight face just makes my blood boil.    Why did President Bush and his Administration not level with the citizens of the U.S. and World from the get go?  Why were there never firm estimates on the costs (monetary and human) to conduct this so-called "war on terrorism" (which if anyone in the White House would notice is failing miserably) until now? Where is the $87 billion coming from when people in our own country cannot find jobs?   Do you know how many soldiers have been injured to date (since the Department of Defense is tightlipped on these figures)?  President Bush now announces his war has three major objectives:  "Our strategy in Iraq has three objectives -- destroying terrorists -- enlisting the support of other nations for a free Iraq -- and helping Iraqis assume responsibility for their own defense and their own future."  First, I believe the objectives should have been obvious at the outset of any war.  Secondly, why at this point--when major conflict has been declared over--have none of these objectives even begun to be met?  Terrorists continue to bomb and kill.  Other nations that the U.S. belittled (France anyone?) are now being asked to support a free Iraq.  Perhaps most egregiously, the Iraqis have no more responsibility over their manifest destiny than they did under Hussein.    WRAP HIM UP  At last, a man who will heed your every request:   Clinger    MORE HOURS  I re-watched Stephen Daldry's   'The Hours'  again last night on DVD.  The DVD has a mind boggling four hours plus of extras and  are all suprisingly "must see".  I must say that I appreciated Nicole Kidman's understated work even more the second time.  I think the first time, most people get thrown by the nose and miss the delicate nuances.  The second time, I have to admit that by mid-picture I had totally forgotten that it was Nicole Kidman I was watching--which I think is the ultimate praise for an actress in this type of role.  Meryl Streep was as always brilliant.  I think, in retrospect, Julianne Moore's role is somewhat dimished by the similar and far superior performance she gave in 'Far From Heaven'.   Have loved Michael Cunningham's book, I have to say that the film works on so many levels.  But perhaps,  the best of these is the fact that the movie never answers all of the questions in the viewer's mind and allows you to draw your own message.