          BERTOLUCCI's NC-17 DREAM?  Bernardo Bertolucci's latest film , 'The Dreamers',   unspooled  at the Venice Film Festival on Monday to generally critical praise.  However, the film faces a uncertain future when it comes to a U.S. release due to a ratings controversy.  'The Dreamers' tells the story of an American student (Michael Pitt) abroad in 1968 and how his life intersects with Parisian twins,  Theo (Louis Garrel) and Isabel (Eva Green).  The distributor, Fox Searchlight, has balked at releasing Bertolucci's film with a NC-17 rating that it is assured to receive and have demanded the auteur make cuts.  The main controversy centers on several explicit sex scenes (including one in which Pitt's character is compelled to have sex with Theo's virginal sister while he watches) and shots of full-frontal male nudity.  It seems almost obscene that a filmmaker of Bertolucci's stature (helmer of 1986's nine-time Academy Award winning 'The Last Emperor') is being threatened by what amounts to censorship.  Why the rating of NC-17 even exists when no major motion picture studio will release or promote a film that receives said rating is a mystery.  The fact that Motion Picture Association of America's ratings board still plays to the religious right in eschewing films that contain strong sexual content is a crime.  As for why male frontal nudity is still considered taboo and chainsawing a person in half is not, well.....don't get me started.  Sex and nudity being considered profane in the world we live in at this moment is simply unfathomable when you consider what one is exposed to watching the evening news or reading a newspaper.   For his part, Bertolucci says that the film will likely be "amputated" and "mutilated" for its American release.   He further adds, "Some people obviously think the American public is immature." As for the film's star (Pitt) reaction to the question of whether he thought American audiences would be offended by the film's sex and nudity, said: "I fear they will not have the opportunity to be offended - which I'm ashamed of. I think what they [the studio] are afraid of is that the youth will accept the film, given the opportunity."    'The Dreamers' : Michael Pitt, Bernardo Bertolucci, Eva Green, & Louis Garrel in Venice    KISS ON HER LIST  In a surreal turn, CNN "Crossfire" co-anchor Tucker Carlson   interviewed  Britney Spears regaring the infamous MTV 'open-mouthed' kiss.  The fact that Carlson even asked the questions is laughable.  Unfortunately, Ms. Spears's answers do little to acquit the charge that she is a blonde of questionable mental acuity.  Among the gems in the interview are the fact that Madonna was her first female kiss (uh....yeah) and she wouldn't ever consider doing it again....oh wait, unless maybe it was Madonna.   The best response comes when Ms. Spears is asked about how she thinks her once squeaky-clean image has changed.  Spears replied, "I think I'm still clean living. I mean I don't go home and have orgies or anything like that."  The World will rest easier tonight.   BOY MEATS...  So to summarize:  Franklin is straight.  Wes is gay.  Brian is gay.  James picked Wes.  Franklin is sorry.  Brian wants Dan.  Dan thinks he straight.  James and Andra think Darren is straight.  Andra disappeared.  I still have no idea if I even liked the show.    WORD OF THE DAY    boswellize    'SCRUTINY'  He unnerves me That 'me' looking to see Glare of introspection Sense of imperfection The man in the mirror Those seeking eyes Staring back at reflection Scanning for truth Peering for rejection No chance of deflection No voice for objection Irises of brown Furrows of frown Judgement by perception Critical from inception