          QUEER EYE ON THE QUEER EYE    Bravo's  first experiment in queer-ality television was a huge success on many levels--though not without its detractors.  Owned by NBC, Bravo has boldly gone where the Big Four tread lightly.  On Tuesday, the new series   "Queer Eye for the Straight Guy"  made its impressive debut.  With a rogue band of five (can you imagine, five??) tried-and-true homosexual males, the show centers on the annointed  Fab 5  (who drive around in an SUV with similarly monikered vanity plates) searching out the poor, clueless straight male who is in dire need of help for his "lifestyle".  The five who make up the team and their areas of expertise are:  Kyan Douglas  (Grooming Guru),  Ted Allen  (Food & Wine Connoisseur),  Carson Kressley  (Fashion Savant),  Jai Rodriguez  (Culture Vulture) and  Thom Filicia  (Design Doctor).  The make-up of this team could NOT be better.  Seemingly a group of forever friends, the Fab 5 are at once likeable, humorous and oh-so-talented.  While many will argue that this show breaks no new ground (which in part is true as it is a combination of about five current TLC shows), I believe it makes a strong statement.  First, when is the last time you saw five openly gay men have their own series, albeit cable series?  Secondly, the interaction between the straight "victim" and the team shows a lot about the level of social interaction accepted today among straight and gay men.  Yes, there are many laughs, superb double-entendres, and a major queer factor--but above all else, the show is entertaining and wickedly smart and funny.  The show has definitely rewarded Bravo and NBC for their daring.  The premiere episode set about smashing several records for the cable television network.  According to Nielsen data, the show broke records for Bravo in total viewership, households, audiences aged 18-49, audience 25-54, and attracted a total of 1.64 million viewers during its Tuesday 10 p.m. EST debut.  Even more importantly for the networks, the show made the channel the 2nd most advertising-supported cable network during the hour.  Bravo's highest showing in this time period previously was 38th place.  In a statement from Bravo, they declared that the ratings for "Queer Eye On The Straight Guy" were nine times better than last season's averages among viewers 25-54 and more than seven times better than the calendar year average to date.  Aside from the impressive numbers, the show was not without criticism.  The  Washington Post's  resident Television and Style Critic, Tom Shales, questioned whether the show was too patronizing. "Forced to choose between scorn and condescension, gay people could hardly be blamed for preferring the latter--and thus might not object to the stereotypes on parade in the series, which each week dispatches five New York gay men to rescue some poor, style-starved straight person at a crossroads in his life," he said in his column (   "Bravo's 'Queer Eye' Heads Straight for the Stereotypes"   ).  In an interesting aside, I watched the premiere with a mix of straight and gay friends.  Every single person found the show engaging, funny and groundbreaking.  Never once was the word stereotype ever used in anyone's review.  Shales' point is probably most exemplified in the personality of Carson Kressley.  The most flamboyant of the bunch, Kressley is also the most hilarious with his sharp wit and scathing sexual innuendo.  Is he a stereotypical Queen?  Perhaps he shares traits with gay males who are dismissed to that category, but to dismiss him as such would be a great injustice not only to Kressley, but the show as well.  As a gay man, I find the show refreshing, witty, funny and engaging.  It dares to go places typical gay fare (e.g.  "Will & Grace" ) are not allowed by the constraints of their networks and advertisers.  It also stays away from the "in the bedroom" sexuality of a show like  "Queer As Folk" .  It is a logical broadening of the horizons of both heterosexual and homosexual persons.  Some will make fun of it and its stars.  Other's will be exposed to an entirely new perspective.  I for one, highly recommend the show to anyone of any sexual persuasion.  Up next for Bravo, the July 29th premiere of it's gay take on the dating genre,  "Boy Meets Boy" .  On a totally unrelated and salacious note, can I just say........  Kyan Douglas .........Hubba Hubba..........