          COME IN PLEASE...  Now that the Labor Day holiday has wrapped up and 'normal' people have returned from trips, barbeques, debauchery, etc., I will sheepishly admit that I spent my holiday weekend around the house doing those odds and ends projects that had been buliding up on my TO DO list.  While tackling my office space, I found some notes that I'd taken about three years ago for a magazine piece I was writing.  Upon re-reading them and revisiting the issue, I thought some of it was pretty interesting and enlightening.  Maybe I found that to be the case because it was about me and very personal.  Nonetheless, I thought I'd post a couple of items from it in hopes that someone else would find it interesting as well. * * * *    Time has taught me that my judgement of how he handled his particular situation was unjust and hypocritical. For you see, we each travel along this path of self-discovery called "coming out" at different paces, on different feet. I'm just now beginning to realize (note: I'm now 35), that "coming out" is much more complex than just a process--or a single decision. Perhaps, it is best described as an evolution. Even more curious, I now wonder if it is a finite "thing". That is: Does "coming out" ever really end?   * * * *   As I've grown and matured--settling relatively secure in my own skin--I've realized that inner-acceptance is truly the key. Know thy Self. Accept thy Self. For the acceptance of others--friends, family, society--comes in varying degrees, with different comfort levels, and all too often at sacrificial prices. For example, I told my mother that I was gay. She knows that I'm gay and accepts it and me. She still loves me just as much as ever. Yet, her knowing and accepting, comes with some degrees of sacrifice. I realize that there are certain issues and areas of my life as a gay man that I either choose not to share and discuss with her--or that I realize she would not be comfortable discussing or confronting. But either way, this realization makes me very sad. It is the realization--that once you come out--there is still this subversive censorship of yourself that goes on.  * * * *  I will return to the issue of subversive censorship a bit later in our tale. However, this seems like a natural place for me to discuss another discovery I've made along the path of my "coming out". In the years since I was 29 and first "came out" and through my recent 35th birthday, I was finally able to verbalize an idea that had been long in the brewing to someone who was facing similar challenges and struggles in dealing with the implications of his sexuality. Now perhaps, someone somewhere has already reached this same realization--and though I've read voluminous amounts of research, data, and material on the issue of "coming out" and its implications--I think I've reached a strangely obtuse, seemingly simpleminded conclusion. The phrase "coming out" is somewhat of a misnomer.  Yes, in a sense gay men and women do come "out" of their "closets" when they choose to share their identities and sexual orientations with those around them. But it ocurred to me in the midst of a very intense, very emotional rant--that in reality we each are undergoing a process where we are in its purest essence "coming in". "Coming In". Let me explain further.  While we leap, crawl, get shoved, pushed out, or get dragged screaming and shouting from our closets, we are each stepping into the person we are meant to be. We are each looking for the proverbial emperor's new clothes. We want to find that new skin our body, our hearts, our minds demand that we occupy. The ultimate goal is to be comfortable in being who we are and integrating that person and persona into our everyday world. For each of us, once we get that skin and determine our unique individual comfort level with it, we then began the process of going into the circles that create our world. The circles that comprise our private lives, our family lives, our career lives, and finally, the entire world around us. Think of us as planets on elliptical orbits. We leave the center, our closet, and travel forth unto the brave new world. And with our new skin, our brilliant armor, we venture forth to slay dragons and claim our domain. Most of us will eventually make the first circle--our private domain which includes the people we love, the people we have sex with (which may or may not be included in the first category), and our closest personal friends. And even in this part of "coming in", we will each have unique comfort levels with each group orbiting our newfound gay self. The journey outward to the second circle is a trip that may be made by less travelers. All the while conscious of the fact that while we are moving OUT of our closet, we are moving INTO our lives. The next orbit involves our parents, our step-parents, our siblings, and our extended familial relations. And once again, the comfort level with each of these relationships will fluctuate on a wave--up and down, no steady amplitude, alternating frequencies. The next orbit involves our careers/professions and the need for or the willingness to divulge our personal selves to peers, co-workers, and compatriots. Finally, beyond that lies the boundless space of many orbits, the world around us. Each of us make choices and effect decisions that will make some us more politically inclined than others. Some of us will have a burning need or desire to proclaim our sexuality to all--to demand that it be recognized. Others of us, will be happy to have made it so far in the new skin--a comfortable fit--and feel no need to make any statement of politics (sexual or otherwise) or take any stance of activism. We are at last comfortable being who we are. We have come into our own existence. We have synthesized the many parts and facets of our lives that have now been filtered through the cognizance in and embracing of our sexual orientation.  Now bear with me for a few minutes here. I know that my solar system metaphor and tales of "new skins" require a creative leap of faith to the fact that I have not lost my mind or gone spastic on you. I've just tried to grasp some kind of model to compare and contrast an intangible ideal ("coming out/in") with another model most of us would be familiar with and have a grasp of ("the solar system/planet orbits). Yeah, it's a bit hokey. But I think if you'll re-read it and give it a chance, you'll see there are some valid points amongst the extravagant imagery. I think it is most important to remember that whether a gay man or woman looks from a perspective of "coming out" or "coming in" (or even perhaps a hybrid of both), in the end we all strive for the same thing--inner peace. Balance. Acceptance. Internal acclimation to our surroundings. Courage--the overwhelming desire to be who we are.