          ARIZONA v. GOVERNOR  In an interesting turn of events, the Arizona Supreme Court has   refused  to hear a July challenge to Governor Janet Napolitano's executive order barring job discrimination based on sexual orientation in some state agencies.  The executive order was being challenged on the grounds that Napolitano overstepped her authority by setting employment policy and is legislating through executive order.  However, Napolitano's order was very careful in that it instituted a policy that prohibited agencies from hiring, firing, promoting or disciplining state employees based on the individual's sexual orientation  only  in those agencies in the Executive branch of government under her direct control.  The Supreme Court in its refusal to hear the case gave no specific reason for its stance, but the move is seen as a clear victory for GLBT and human rights activists.   DON'T SHOOT--OR WE'LL HAVE TO WORK  The U.S. House Of Representatives was pushed into a 40 minute recess after a   suspected  .38 revolver was detected in an x-ray machine after two staffers were allowed to pass through a security checkpoint by a distracted security officer at the House Cannon Office Building.   The image was noticed only after the two carrying a backpack of halloween costumes and props had already left the entrance.  This triggered a lock down and room-to-room searches until the error was discovered. It turns out the revolver was a toy gun.   THE CURSE OF MADDEN  This is pretty strange.  Seems that the lucky    coverboys  of EA Sports popular football video game title "Madden 2000" through "Madden 2004"  have all found their promising careers derailed after appearing on the cover of this game title.  The latest victim is 2004 coverboy Michael Vick, quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons.  Prior to the cover, Vick had 24 touchdowns, almost 3,000 yards passing and more than 700 yards rushing.  After the cover appearance, Vick broke his leg in pre-season and has yet to play.