          THE MORE THINGS CHANGE, THE MORE THEY STAY THE SAME  Julius Carter is a freshman at the University of Iowa.  He is attending the university on a full tuition scholarship named after Matthew Shephard, who was a gay college student murdered in a senseless hate-crime in 1988.  Carter has been touched by hate more than once in his life.  His high school graduation ceremonies were interrrupted by followers of the Rev. Fred Phelps who were protesting homosexuality.  Now, Carter's college experience is being marred by the same kind of bigotry.  Carter and his roommate   found  more than fifty homophobic epithets scribbled on their dorm room door on Tuesday.  The campus police are investigating the incident as a a hate-crime.   ADOPTION & QUEER PARENTS  A new study by the   Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Institute  finds that nearly 60 percent of the nation's adoption agencies now accept applications from gays and lesbians on a regular basis.  The report notes, however, that resistance is still found in agencies with church-affiliated agencies.  The Donaldson Institute   surveyed   307 adoption agencies -- 277 private and 30 public -- regarding their policies.  In addition to showing increased rates of application acceptance, the surveyes showed that approximately 40 percent of the agencies have placed children with gay and lesbian parents.   JUST IN CASE YOU WERE WORRIED  Britney Spears   says  she is not a lesbian.   QUOTE OF THE WEEK  " I can't fathom George Bush's America. I mean, you just don't know. "---Jane Campion, director of "In The Cut"   MISSION ACCOMPLISHED  In yesterdays improptu Rose Garden press conference, President Bush once again put his foot in his mouth.  Pressed about his photo-op appearance on a U.S. aircraft carrier sporting the backdrop banner "Mission Accomplished" and announcing the end of active campaign hostilities, Bush said, " I know it was attributed somehow to some ingenious advance man from my staff -- they weren't that ingenious, by the way. ".  But later in the day, while the White House continued to claim the sign had been an idea from the U.S. Navy, they were   forced  to admit they did indeed produce the sign.  Big surprise.     A CODE OF MANY COLORS  I was thinking about crayons.  Remember when you were a little kid, you always wanted a bigger box of crayons.  If you had 64, you coveted the 128 count box.  One green was just not enough.  Forest green, seaweed green, lime--the more the better.  I think sometimes a child's view is such an unclouded, beautiful thing.  They only see the possibility of things.  I wonder where on the road to adulthood we lose this lust for more color?  Do we become so jaded that our rainbows lose their colors?  Suddenly, we no longer want or expect more. The shades and gradations of color blur into just a few  acceptable  colors.  Sure, I'm using crayons as a methaphor.  You color in your own blank.