          QUEER ON COLLEGES  The October 2003 issue of  Instinct  takes a look at   colleges and universities  that rank as the most gay-friendly in several categories.  To wit, a few of their choices:  * BEST QUEER STUDIES PROGRAM:  Duke University * CRUSIEST CAMPUS:  Kenyon College * MOST FABULOUS SCHOOL: University of California at Los Angeles * MOST BI BOYS:  University of Washington * BEST FAG HAGS: Parsons School Of Design, NYC * GAYEST SCHOOL IN THE MIDWEST:  Grinnell College * BEST SHOPPING & NIGHTLIFE: New York University * BEST TANS/HOTTEST JOCK PARTY BOYS: Arizona State University   DICK & DAVID  On Monday, U.S. Representative and Democratic presidential candidate Richard Gephardt   announced  that David Mixner would be appointed co-chair of his campaign.  Mixner is a well-known public policy scholar and political activist who was also a senior campaign adviser for Bill Clinton in 1992.  Mixner famously protested outside the White House when President Clinton backpedaled on a promise to allows gays and lesbians to serve openly in the armed forces.  Mixner also penned an passionate and candid memoir,   "Stranger Among Friends"  that is quite a terrific read.    For Gephardt, whose daughter came out as a lesbian publically earlier in the year, the appointment is seen as a shrewd move to try and court the disenfranchised GLBT voting block that is one of the targeted sectors for a Democratic return to the White House.   U.K. POP IDOLS & BOOBIES  As the second competition of the U.K. phenomenon "Pop Idol" (which spawned "American Idol" and a version in nearly every other country in the World) nears it conclusion, it seems to be stirring up another gay controversy.  Idol's premiere season champion, Will Young, became tabloid fodder when he publically declared his homosexuality after the competition's conclusion.  This year's competition takes on a lesbian spin, as one of the axed competitors, Kirsty Crawford   claims  that she fancied a fellow female competator and the two shared a bed.  She created a furor by being quoted in press reports as saying that the two "have a kiss boobies kind of thing....We don’t actually do anything, we just bounce boobs."  A kiss boobies kind of thing??  I'm gobsmacked!  Those crazy British folk.   SPEAKING OF WILL YOUNG...  On Sunday evening, Will Young was presented the Best Album Award at the National Music Awards.  His debut release   "From Now On"  was never saw the light of day in the U.S., despite his appearances on "American Idol".  I purchased the import and was very impressed with Mr. Young's song selection and his silky voice.  He's preparing to release the first single from his follow-up album, "Friday's Child".  The single "Leave Right Now" will be released in the U.K. on November 24th, with the full album expected at year's end.  I highly recommend "From Now On" if you haven't given it a go.   WORD OF THE DAY    demesne