          THE SUN'LL COME OUT TOMORROW  Scientists at the Space Environment Center in Boulder, Colorado   detected  a coronal mass ejection (CME) from the sun on Wednesday at 3 a.m. EDT.  The electromagnetic radiation that is released by this solar flare can interfere with satellites, pagers, cellphones, electrical grids and other systems.  The ejection is predicted to reach Earth at around 3 p.m. EDT today.  The effects of a CME can be 12 to 18 hours in duration.  It may turn out to be a freaky Friday afterall.   VIRTUAL KEYBOARD  The San Jose, California firm of Canesta has debuted a new technology called "Perception Chipset" at the DEMOmobile trade show which creates the world's first projection keyboard capable of being fully integrated by OEMs into smart phones, cell phones, PDAs, and other mobile or wireless devices.  Using a laser, an image of a full-sized keyboard can be projected onto a convenient flat surface between the device and the user, such as a tabletop or the side of a briefcase. The user can then type on this image and the user's finger movements are converted into ordinary serial keystroke data.  There's a nifty little clip of a device in action on Canesta's   website .  If this techology proves to be effective, watch for virtual keyboard mania.    DEATH ROW SCHOLARSHIP  Who can forget the bizarre "Windshield Murder Trial", in which Chante Mallard was convicted of killing Gregory Biggs by impaling him in her car windshield and leaving him there to die.  To make a strange story stranger, the son of victim was   awarded  a $10,000 scholarship raised by Texas death row inmates.  Who writes this stuff?   YOU NEVER LOOKED UP  you never looked up when you gazed the mirror never saw behind you no tears when the well runs dry never forced to face the music the notes sour and quickly fade  you never looked up wouldn't let the truth set you free the shell of a man in a hell of a world you wore your crime like a red badge of courage  you never looked up anchored in expectations don't ask, don't tell you good little prodigal son what if you lied guilty of the sign  you never looked up to realize the beauty in your shadows I see free your trojan horse unfetter the blinders and look up...