          TRACKING YOU  Strike another one up for the Department of Homeland Security--and look over your shoulder.  The U.S. government   announced  on Wednesday that it plans to charge foreign students a $100 fee to pay for a "tracking system" created to prevent possible terrorists from using student visas to enter the country.  Of course government officials are attempting to put the best spin possible on the fee saying that it should generate more than $30 million annually for the Student and Exchange Visa Information Service.  I imagine that is a nice way of saying, "look you foreigners, we don't trust you and we're watching".  For a country that once was proud of its immigrant tradition and the fact that America was a melting pot of cultures and people, it now seems that the so-called "war on terror" and the delicious "Patriot Act" now fear the immigrant.  I find this fee and the idea of it insulting.  If you look beyond the fact that college tuitions are skyrocketing and this adds more burden for foreign students, this program amounts to hunting animals in the wild and tagging their ears with electronic tracking devices to trace their migration.  First it will be foreign students--then all students--as conventional wisdom is they are a subversive group that won't swallow the "national agenda" hook, line and sinker.  We need to watch those kids.  Don't think people.  It's bad for you.  It causes cancer--like the one in Washington D.C.     WHEN YOU REASSIGN, SIZE DOES MATTER  Apparently, there are 121 species of animal on Earth that can spontaneously change their gender.  Granted, most of them are worms, fish, shrimp and mollusks.  A study published in the journal  Nature  by a British researcher   claims  that all of these creatures share a commonality--the sex change occurs when the animal has reached 72% of its maximum body size. (Insert joke here.) Approximately one-half of the sea creatures will change from male to female and the other half female to male.  After the change, the animal will still be able to reproduce as the different sex.  Mother Nature definitely has a sense of humor.      ANDERSON 360  First, the disclaimer:  I love Anderson Cooper.  He's witty, funny, handsome and ever-so charming.  But, enough about him.  I wanted to shamelessly plug his new CNN program   "Anderson Cooper 360"  which airs weekdays at 7-8 pm EST.  Finally, the suits at CNN have given Mr. Cooper the format he richly deserves.  It's a fascinating show covering current events, news, and people, but with a huge dose of personality, a sly wink and nod.  With great regular segments like "Reset", "UpLink", "The Nth Degree",  "Buzz", and "Overload", the show makes for a swift-moving, provocative look at the news of the day.  Along with the hard news, you get Mr. Cooper's two-cents on issues and people.  The candor is refreshing and very welcome from the de riguer news magazine format.  For your enjoyment, Mr. Cooper's take on the brainy Jessica Simpson:   Later this evening, a TV classic goes off the air. The Simpsons. No, I'm not talking about Homer. I'm talking about the other Simpson, the seemingly simpler Simpson. That's right, Jessica. The reality show "Newlyweds" on MTV has become something of a cultural phenomenon. Cameras capture the comings and shortcomings of one-time teen singing sensation Jessica Simpson and her husband, one-time teen singing sensation Nick something or other. The show is devoid of drama, pathos or anything resembling a plot. Why do millions watch it? Because the couple are pretty, ridiculously rich and comprehensively clueless.   Watching the famous flounder is oddly fascinating. Jessica Simpson was clueless about why tuna is called chicken of the sea, unaware that buffaloes do not have wings and surprised that rigor mortis is not a person. The Simpsons is documentary as it is mockumentary. Why, then has Jessica Simpson already signed up for a second season? Because she knows in today's pop culture, it doesn't matter why you're famous, just that you are. Today, in fact, it was reported chicken of the sea may actually pay Simpson to become a spokesperson. And she is going to go to Harvard to give a speech. Viewers may be laughing at Jessica Simpson, but if she understands irony, she know doubt is laughing all the way to bank. That wraps up our program tonight."     QUICK TAKES  01.  It was great to see Donna Summer looking radiant on "Good Morning America".  Expect to see a lot of her as she promotes her new autobiography, "  "Ordinary Girl: The Journey" . 02.  Clay Aiken was given a double platinum citation by Clive Davis on the same program  for two million units shipped.  His album will    debut   atop the new BillBoard 200 Thursday with 613,000 units sold.  After repeated listenings, I have to agree with Billboard's   review  calling it the best pop album of 2003.  Among my favorite cuts: "I Survived You", "No More Sad Song", "The Way" and "Shine".  03.    Frangelico  and cream is pretty nifty. 04.  I am so sick of all the ads and pop-ups for AOL's v9.0.  I hate that little yellow icon.  05.  Why am I suddenly attracted to   Tyler Florence ? 06.  I'm loving Dido's   "Life for Rent" .  There's nothing better than listening to it at the end of a tiring day.   COFFEE TABLE BOOK OF THE WEEK    "Paulding Farnham: Tiffany's Lost Genius"