          GEST, YOU JEST?  Add another page to the sordid saga of the myth that is the Liza Minnelli/David Gest marriage.  Mr. Gest is now   suing  his estranged wife for $10 million dollars.  The reason:  Ms. Minnelli allegedly flew into drunken rages, insulted her husband and was physically abusive.  No, I am not making that up.  Mr. Gest now claims that as a result of those attacks, he suffers from neurological damage and frequent headaches--apparently $10 million dollars worth of pain.  Poor Mr. Gest is now in a "rehabilitation hospital" in Hawaii.  I guess Fire Island was booked?  Who knew Liza with a "ZZZZZZZ" meant zeroes?  Oh, the agony of it all!   ROE v. WADE  In what can only be a stepping stone to the ultimate goal of overturning a woman's right to control her own reproductive system, the U.S. Senate   passed  legislation banning the so-called "partial birth abortion".  Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist called partial birth abortion "barbaric and offensive to our moral sensibilities".  What is offensive to me--beyond the overriding zeal the Bush Administration has to repeal Roe v. Wade--is the fact that a woman's health and life can now be put at jeopardy to save the life of an unborn child.  It takes away a fundamental decision of a woman (and man) to choose medical care options.  Just as the government should stay out of a person's bedroom, they should likewise stay out of a woman's hospital room.   BLOW FINGERS RICE  In one of those less-savory  New York Post  "Page Six" offerings, National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice's sexual   orientation  is gist for the rumor mill.  I really could care less if she's straight or a lesbian--and it really shouldn't matter who the hell she chooses to sleep with.  I'm pretty sure she doesn't consult her bed partners for security advice.  What I find really irritating about this bit is the sweeping generalization to peg Rice as a lesbian simply because "[she] is single and comes across as a little frosty".  What?  So if a woman is single and "frosty", she must be a lesbian?  Only in a straight man's world.   SENSELESS  You can recall the fire of breath as it travels down your neck.  The brush of lips with a slight moistness.  The heat that stings your fingers as you touch warmed flesh.  The ache of desire quickens the heartbeat.  Muscles move and react to foreign touches.  The enveloping silence being broken by slight gasps of air escaping through pursed lips.  The flourish of fingerprints leaving tell-tale whispers of conquest.  Kisses leaving secrets never to be told aloud.  The intensity of concentration making you want.  Leaving you defenseless on a battlefield of lust.  The merging of skin and the thrill of hypersensation.  The exquisite trainwreck of needs and wants.  The look into eyes that mirror your hunger.  Sounds you no longer control.  Fingertips searing into sweated flesh.  The anticipation of the penultimate moment when bodies become one in this dance.  When colors fly.  When bodies float.  When an aching thirst is vanquished.  When sensory overload catapults you across waves.  Drowning.