          THE AFRICAN BUSH...  While President Bush tried to sell his carefully pitched "Aid for AIDS" program (compassionate conservatism) last week in Africa,  he faced another African crisis back on the homefront.  His claim in The State Of The Union Address earlier this year that Iraq sought to purchase significant amounts of uranium from Niger, significantly obscured his Campaign 2004 trek through the jungle.  The White House scrambled with the damage assessment team.  It was frankly sad to see people who I admire like Secretary Colin Powell and National Security Advisor Condoleezza Rice try to float excuses like lead balloons.  The British, meanwhile, are roasting Prime Minister Blair.  By the end of the week, a carefully timed mea culpa from CIA Director George Tenet hit the media.  Now, every talking head and pundit is filling the airwaves pointing fingers and wondering if the war in Iraq was indeed adviseable.  Sort of late if you ask me.  There seems to be a pattern here that is oblivious to anyone inside the Beltway.  Afghanistan, Iraq, soon Liberia, the freedom wagon roles on.  Yet no one knows where Bin Laden or Hussein are.  Charles Taylor continues to toy with the U.S. and the opressed peoples of Liberia.   Soldiers continue to die in Iraq on a near daily basis.  The budget for the war that is over has doubled.  Troop deployment is now projected at four to five years.  Meanwhile, President Bush is promising financial aid to combat HIV/AIDS to the African Continent.  Now I have no problem with the idea.  I do question his motives.  Why is this crisis of conscience coming on the heels of his re-election campaign?  The HIV/AIDS crisis has been well-documented for year in Africa.  Every International humanitarian and aid group has pointed this out time and time again.  Now, Bush promises programs that the Congress is unwilling to fund at the necessary levels.  It all really too sad.  So many projects, so many wars.....all started but never finished.  I find it rather insulting that such an important issue  (HIV/AIDS prevention and education) is being bastardized into a campaign flash point.  When the Bush Administration has not taken an interest in funding programs here in the U.S. and has continued a pattern of contempt for gay, lesbian and transgendered issues (among many others), it seems rather disingenuous to believe their efforts now.  Even more ghastly is the use of the ravaged African countries and their peoples as public relations fodder.  I hope that the people of Africa do get the access to the medications, treatments, and care they have been promised.  Anyone who faces the scourge of HIV/AIDS deserves compassion and caring--something we do not give to those afflicted in our own country.  Time will tell--and hopefully prove me wrong.