          THE FAB 5 & PEPSI?  Reports in the New York  Daily News ,  Ad Age  and other   publications  are reporting that the Fab 5 from "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy" are in negotiations with PepsiCo. on a multi-level deal that would include print and media advertising, as well as product placements on the show.  What I find mildly amusing (if the reports prove to be true) is that Pepsi is infamous for hiring controversial spokespeople and then shelving campaigns.  Who could forget Michael Jackson en flambe?  Or the lavish Madonna "Like A Prayer" commercial that never saw the light of day?  Or Ludacris being hired and fired?  It's kind of interesting that Pepsi is willing to 'go gay'.  Somebody better tell Bill O'Reilly.   IT'S IN YOUR GENES  The findings of an interesting study conducted by researchers at UCLA was    published  in the journal  Molecular Brain Research .  The gist of the study(involving mice) challenges the conventional wisdom that hormones (testosterone and estrogen) are the determining factor of forming sexual identity in the brain.  The study discovered 54 genes that appear to be causal factors for differences in the functionality and anatomy of the male and female brain.  Their study concludes that sexuality--that is what makes a person feel male or female--is hardwired at a genetic level.  This study may provide insight to are the gender assignments made by physicians in births where sexual organs are ambiguous.  It also may be useful in studying the issue of trangendered individuals.   SKIN  After sitting through weeks of endless promos for the much-hyped Fox televsion series "  Skin ", I watched the debut last night.  Jerry Bruckheimer's television credits continue to grow--and this series obviously has some of his flourishes (those flying keys).  Stylishly photographed, fast-paced, and yet another take on the Romeo & Juliet story--the premiere episode served it's purpose well.  It introduced interesting characters, loads of plot fodder and was overall entertaining.  Long a fan of the work of both Ron Silver and Kevin Anderson, their respective characters will give both actors the opportunity to chew scenery left and right.  The chemistry between newcomers D.J. Catrona and Olivia Wilde (who are both extremely attractive) is definitely there.  The show also sports a great supporting cast in D.W. Moffett, Rachel Ticotin and Gabriel Casseus.  I think I may watch.    RANDOM THOUGHTS  01.  The 'next' Joe Millionaire,   David Smith  , is a real cutie.  It's obvious his Mama taught his some manners.  As for the Euro Girls, what a bunch of drunk, trashy women. 02.  Masturbation is healthy and all.......but, damn, do I need a man. 03.  Item #2 was probably uncalled for and TMI. 04.  I'm really enjoying   Tribe.net  thus far.  Never did Friendster, but it appears a lot of users have migrated. 05.  I still haven't decided on Clark vs. Dean.  Though, I'm leaning toward Clark. 06.  Super Mario rules.