          WOMEN + VIOLENCE = EMPOWERMENT?  In Sunday's  New York Times , John Leland writes an interesting piece entitled, "  Everything a Man Can Do, Decapitation Included " looking at a building phenomenon of strong, kick-ass women hitting the big and little screens.  He builds his case on the success of movies like "Kill Bill, Volume I" and "Charlie's Angels" and televison characters such as Sydney Bristow and the Powderpuff Girls.  The argument he builds posits the fact that women are no longer portrayed as victims, but in many cases the aggresors.  By watching such 'role models', then young girls and women are empowered to take control of situations in their own lives.  While I agree with his premise that Hollywood is finally seeing women as more than sexual objects or helpless victims, I'm not sure that he doesn't approach his argument from too simplistic a view.  One of the problems I have is this notion that somehow physical agression and/or violence is a measuring stick of empowerment.  If that is the case, then we have prisons filled with empowered men and women.  At the same time, I think portraying a woman as a strong and independent being who will not put up with a man's bullshit is a very positive thing.  For too long, our society has pounded this idea into the female psyche that she 'needs' a man to be complete--that some how her role should be subserviant in any relationship whether it be in the romantic, sexual or business realm.  One of the most interesting points in Mr. Leland's piece is the fact that female character can be empowered on screen, but cannot cross the final taboo of sexuality.  To wit, the sexual act is a 'giving in' to male dominance and somehow comprimises the strength of strong female character.  Overall, it's an intesting look into the sociology of gender roles in modern society.   THE LADDER SEEN AROUND THE WORLD  A few weeks back, I happened to see a video clip at   cyberkenny.com  of an on-air demonstration of a telescoping ladder on the QVC home shopping channel.  Apparently I'm an evil person because I laughed my ass off at the poor guy who took a tumble during a product testimonial.  The clip is just too funny--and host Lisa Robertson is a riot trying to recover from the demo.  Well, now there's a piece in the  New York Times  about how this clip has made the   rounds  on radio talk shows, bulletin boards, and websites around the world.  That poor guy!   TELEVISION TIDBITS  01.  I'm still hooked on   "Carnivale" .  It's the most visually arresting and mind-confounding series I've seen in quite a while.  The character studies are wonderful.  The storylines are at once compelling and mystifying.  Each episode seems to bring up more questions.  I can't wait to see how everything ties together (or at least I hope it does). 02.  J.J. Abrams is a genius.  His major plotline of losing two years of Sydney Bristow's life on "  Alias " is paying off in spades.  It's given a lot of great characters renewed life and some dynamite acting bits.  Is it just me, or is Jennifer Garner the hottest woman alive? 03.  This past week, I finally saw an episode of the much maligned "  It's All Relative ".  While there is a lot to polarize viewers, I have to admit that I laughed...quite a bit.  Yes, it's very stereotypical and over the top.  I honestly find his family (the straight couple) to be grating and much more of a stereotype than her family (the gay couple).  It's not groundbreaking television by any means--but it had it's moments.  I've always dug John Benjamin Hickey.  I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to watch it, but I think it's been unfairly given a bad rap.  (Of course, that based on viewing one episode.)   WORD OF THE DAY    apophysis