          Hmmm?  If you mixed vodka with orange juice and milk of magnesia...would you get a Phillip's Screwdriver?  Why do we say something is out of whack? What is whack?  Do infants enjoy infancy as much as adults enjoy adultery?  If a pig loses its voice...is it then disgruntled?  Why do women wear evening gowns to nightclubs? Shouldn't they be wearing nightgowns?  If love is blind...why is lingerie so popular?  When someone asks you, "A penny for your thoughts?", and you put in your two cents...what happens to the other penny?  Why is the man or woman that invests all of your money called a "broker"?  Why do croutons come in airtight packages? Aren't they just stale bread to begin with?  When cheese gets its picture taken...what does it say?  Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist, but a person who drives a race care is not called a racist?  Why are a wise man and a wise guy opposites?  Why do overlook and oversee mean opposite things?  If horrific means having the power to horrify, does terrific mean having the power to terrify?  Why isn't 11 pronounced "onety-one"?  "I am" is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language...Could it be that "I do" is the longest sentence?  If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow that electricians should be delighted, musicians denoted, cowboys deranged, models deposed, tree surgeons debarked, and dry cleaners depressed?  Do Roman paramedics refer to IV's as "4's"?  Why is it that if someone tells you that there are one billion stars in the universe, you will believe them...but if they tell you a wall has wet paint, you will have to touch it to be sure?  If you take an Oriental person and spin him around several times...does he become disoriented?  If people from Poland are called "Poles"...why aren't people from Holland called "Holes"?  If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that considered a hostage situation?  If a cow laughed, would milk come out her nose?  What ever happened to Preparations A through G?  If olive oil comes from olives, where does baby oil come from?  Why don't they just make mouse-flavored cat food?  Do they have reserved parking for non-handicapped people at the Special Olympics?  Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?  Why is when a man talks dirty to a woman, it's sexual harassment; When a woman talks dirty to a man, it's $4.95 per minute?  If it's tourist season, why can't we shoot them?  Is Disney World a people trap operated by a mouse?  Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?  Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?  If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?  Why do people press harder on a remote control when they know the battery is dead?