          IT'S REIGNING MEN  On Friday night, I got together with a few friends from my college days that I had not seen in some time.  We had dinner and drinks and spent time catching up on one another's lives.   After all the sharing, we did our next favorite thing--debating.  We are all a pretty loud crew and rather opinionated.  So we ran through a check list of hot topics: Democratic Presidential candidates, Bush follies, the Anglican Church, Angelina Jolie, etc.  In the end, the most animated discussion came about on the issue of masculinity.  The group I was with was largely gay--and the discussion was very interesting.  The conversation ended up focusing on how masculinity is seen in the gay community as a whole.  While I don't think anyone solved the woes of mankind--or even gaykind--it was lively.  I came home and sat for a good half-hour thinking about the conversation and trying to put my thoughts in perspective.  I belive that issue of masculinity and gay males is an interesting paradox.  The intense pressure to identify and be typified by certain traits or characteristics comes not only from those outside the group, but from those within as well. After all, what signals or denotes a man as being gay? Is it the way he looks? His percentage of body fat? His gym and exercise regimen? His love of show tunes? His use of drugs? The degree of "kink" that presents itself in his sexual expression or repression? His wardrobe? His like or dislike of certain sports? His fondness of dance? His preference for active or passive sexual roles?  While it is true that any one of the aforementioned could be a defining characteristic of a specific individual--taken as a whole, they say very little about the homosexual male in general. Yet, not only are each used by heterosexuals, we unfortunately use them amongst ourselves and in the most over-broad fashion. Perhaps the oddest expression of this is found in the phrase "straight-acting". The mere fact that the root of the phrase is the word "acting" should be enough discussion of that subject, and yet it seems that gay males are entranced and entrenched in the absurdity of such a divining/dividing line.  "Straight-acting". The desire to be straight--or at least play the role? The desire to emulate our heterosexual counterparts? Straight-acting.....as opposed to what? Gay- acting? When is being gay too gay? Why is "too gay" too bad? It all seems to be a mismatched attempt to struggle with a sense of the masculine ideal. By virtue of our birth as males, certain things seem to be true.  Whether an individual male is identified as heterosexual or homosexual, we are by definition of the masculine gender. To paraphrase, a penis is a penis is a penis. Aah, but what you do with it...there's the rub.  To me it seems that along with a penis, most of us are born into a world/society/culture/family that begins at the outset of birth to "teach" us our gender role, identity, and the traits or characteristics that we should aspire to. Now granting that this overly simplistic view does not take into account how much of this gender role or identity is already intact at the time of birth, the larger error is the egocentric view of the world/society/culture/family that you happen to be born into and the "correctness" of their set of morays, standards, ideals, and values as they apply to you as an individual. In other words, we are learning what it is to be a man, i.e. masculine, from birth. But along with each of our own individual genetic codings, we must come to assimilate our personality with a culturally, socially acceptable role as a male in a small microcosm of a large world. One only has to look at the plethora of scientific research and data on cultural diversity and male/female hierarchies in other cultures and societies to see that there is more than one "traditional" male role.  While it is not my intent to take off on a tangent of obtuse anthropological sociology, the reason I raise these issues is to point out that the role a male assumes is determined by many factors. As young boys, some of us are told that "boys do not play with dolls" or "big boys don't cry" and it is impossible to believe that such reinforcement does not influence a boy's sense of what is a masculine ideal, but also how he can attain respect and affection from his parents and/or peers when he can sense internally that those ideals do not fit who he is or wants to be.  So here we are. A group of men--male by anatomical definition, homosexual by sexual distinction--completely lost in a community of conflicting ideals of what it is to be masculine. The folly may be that the answer lies in the eyes of the beholder. One final, and perhaps, cruel irony begs the question: where does this notion of homosexuality as a sliding scale of masculinity vs. femininity come from in the first place?