          SURVIVING...  Last night's episode of   "Survivor: Pearl Islands"  made several things clear:  01.  Jon Dalton is without a doubt the biggest asshole to ever play this game.  Even Jeff Probst, can barely contain his disdain for this idiot.  That "Johnny Playfair" thing was simply too sad. 02.  Rupert totally deserves to win the title of Survivor.  It's amazing what his little visit to Morgan did for their morale.  You can't help but love the big lug.  Now the question remains, will his dominance eventually lead the others to realize he is too big a threat and vote him out? 03.  My respect for Ryan O. and Andrew S. have increased ten fold--especially for Ryan O. 04.  I had just finished dinner prior to the reward challenge blender-o-rama.  Never again. 05.  Osten continues to prove that big, muscular guys can have an inner-sissy.   HUH?  Ben Geza Affleck's speech on   accepting  a Spirit of Liberty award from People For The American Way Foundation:   "I only accept it in the hopes that the absurd amounts of publicity that I received lately, that as far as I can tell is chiefly because I have a pretty girlfriend, that's what I did, I am a champion of the American way with a pretty girlfriend -- bring it on, paparazzi, news at 11 -- in the hopes that some of that publicity might be pointed at something more significant, something more positive, productive and meaningful."   Of course, the media is now frothing at the mouth that he referred to J.Lo as his "girlfriend" as opposed to the "F" word.  I could care less.  I just don't understand a single word he said.  Since Matt recently broke his engagement, maybe Ben will just go back to being gay.  He was much more erudite then.   ANGLICAN CHURCH ISSUES PRESSURE  In what can hardly be a surprise, the primates of thirty-seven Anglican churches issued a   statement  at the close of a meeting in England laying down the groundwork for a schism in the church.  At question is the consecration of Reverend Gene Robinson as the Bishop of New Hampshire.  In part, the directive (aimed at the U.S. Episcopal Church) states that if Robinson is indeed consecrated:    "The future of the communion itself will be put in jeopardy.  This will tear at the fabric of our communion at its deepest level." .   One had to wonder about the immense pressure that has been put upon the shoulders of Reverend Robinson.  He is set for installation on November 2nd.   IT'S ALWAYS SATAN'S FAULT  From the "Why Am I Not Surprised" file,  Lt. Gen William G. Boykin (a Deputy Undersecretary Of Defense) has couched the U.S. effort in Iraq in terms of religion--with support from his boss Donald Rumsfeld.  In a report by the  Los Angeles Times , Boykin is quoted as saying that Islamic extremists hate the United States "because we're a Christian nation, because our foundation and our roots are Judeo-Christians. ... And the enemy is a guy named Satan."  Well, now it's all finally clear--or not.  It is staggering to think that this Administration can't grasp why there is so much hatred towards this country in the International community.  To quote a famous American, "D'Oh!"   BOYS LIKE US #01   "PBS made me gay. Yes, here we have every right-wing nut's three a.m. nightmare come true. They broadcast that homo beam right into my family's suburban living room in the mid-seventies and saved my life. It was that Theater in America production about Oscar Wilde. Thank you, KCET! From you, Public Television, I received my first dose of queer images and a sense of historical place and lineage. (I got a mug and a tote bag, too, but that's another story.) Well, maybe I can't give PBS all of the credit. It could also have been the Los Angeles Civic Light Opera. Its revival of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, perhaps? That hopeful utopian downbeat of the tuba in "Comedy Tonight" may have been that magic wand to make me queer. That showstopper, mixed with the cute chorus boy queens in their tunics, of course. Or, while we're indulging in a Greco-Roman mood, maybe it was those delicious Mary Renault novels with all the buffed Athenian ephebes going for Truth and Beauty? A little dab'll do ya! No, wait, I know. It had to have been George Frideric Handel. His music helped tell me who I was and sent me zooming out of the closet accompanied by those tacky sparklers he wrote music about. Yes, there is absolutely no question: Handel's Messiah made me into a faggot! ---Tim Miller