          CALIFORNICATION  Hmmm.  So Dubya is on his way to   meet  with the new Governor of Kalee-four-nya, er California.  Seems a rat can smell cheese from miles away.  Bush and Co. are now salivating profusely over California's electoral votes. At one time, the thought of California becoming a Republican stronghold seemed laughable.  After the bang-up job said electorate did in the recall saga, I now have no hope left for modern civilization.  Okay, so I'm feeling dramatic.  Shoot me.  Please.   OPEN YER WINDOWS  This just in...grab yourselves and hold on to something.  Microsoft   announced  yesterday that they have discovered four (more) critical flaws in its Windows XP and 2000 operating systems.  Wonder when their headquarters is moving to California?   WAITING FOR YOUR DOWNLOAD?  The European Organisation For Nuclear Research (CERN)   announced  that it has set a new speed record for internet data transmission.  The organization acknowledged that on October 1st, it sent 1.1 Terabytes of data at 5.44 gigabits a second (Gbps) to a lab at the California Institute of Technology.  So, how fast is that?  The new speed record is more than 20,000 times faster than a typical home broadband connection--the equivalent to transferring a 60-minute compact disc within one second.  I'm changing my ISP.   32 CANDLES  One of John Hughes's teen-angst classics is getting a sequel--sixteen years later.  A television   project  from the USA Network, the film is supposed to pick up right before Samantha Baker's 32nd birthday.  I just can't picture it if they don't sign Molly Ringwald.  Then again,  I'm not sure I want to picture it at all.  Sometimes Hollywood just needs to learn to leave well-enough alone.  Whatever happened to Michael Schoeffling anyhow?    AVAIL  I keep replaying I keep resaying I try repraying To no avail  Nothing to do Nothing to explain No hope I'll stay No avail  It's all about freedom Overcoming egos Slaying platitudes ...and mostly it's about me  What I can do to be free How I can learn to love me Avail