          MORE SIGNS OF THE APOCALYPSE  Billy Ray Cyrus and his "achy breaky heart" are coming back to record stores near you.  Back October 28th with the release of   "The Other Side" , Cyrus has traded in the mullet for a revelation from God that he should record an "inspirational" album testifying to his "deep Christian faith".  I'm pretty sure the Anti-Christ lives on Pennsylvania Avenue.  I'm just waiting for my Dasani to turn to blood.   FURTHER SIGNS OF THE APOCALYPSE  The Catholic Church now asserts that HIV-infected individuals should not use   condoms  as they do not protect against the disease or its transmission.  Who knew there was a branch of the Centers For Disease Control in Vatican City?  Is it a wonder I don't go to church any longer.   HOW TO WIN FRIENDS AND INFLUENCE PEOPLE  Late Tuesday, the United States   vetoed  an Arab backed U.N. resolution denouncing Israel's building of a "security fence" on Palestinian territories in the disputed West Bank.  The U.S. said the failure to denounce acts of terrorism and the groups responsible made the resolution "unbalanced".  There were four countries (Great Britain, Cameroon, Germany and Bulgaria) who abstained from voting.  With the U.S. continuing to shield Israel from any fault in the ongoing unrest in the Middle East--instead of trying to constructively work with the parties involved.  While Palestinians shoulder their share of the blame, Israel's failure to recognize the established "Green Line" partitions serves to further aggrevate the situation.    KIDMAN BROKE NO LAW  The lovely Nicole Kidman reigned   victorious  in her legal action against the British tabloid,  The Sun .  The paper had claimed that Kidman had an affair with the lovely Jude Law on the set of their upcoming Winter flick "Cold Mountain".  Further, the paper claimed said affair led to the break-up of Law's marriage to Sadie Frost.  Ms. Kidman gained a formal apology and an undisclosed (but rumored five-figure) settlement.  Ms. Kidman is no homewrecker.  Truth be told, I had an affair with Mr. Law.  I did.  Really.  Ms. Frost no longer speaks to me.   THE GOOD GIRL  Last night I watched Miguel Arteta's   "The Good Girl"  on DVD.  While the films pacing and editing are a bit choppy, one can't help but be won over by the winning performances of Jennifer Aniston, Jake Gyllenhaal, Tim Blake Nelson and John C. Reilly.  Disarmingly funny and ultimately tinged with a dollop of fatalism, the DVD features a bevy of goodies.  Along with commentary from Arteta and Aniston, the film's writer Mike White adds to the insights.  There are nine deleted scenes and an alternate ending.  Aniston reveals that she has acting chops beyond "Friends".  How much do I love "Retail Rodeo" and the brilliant Zooey Deschanel as the quirky Cheryl?  Two Thumbs way up.