          THE LEGACY OF DANIEL PEARL  Today is the 2nd annual   Daniel Pearl Music Day  .  Today would have also been Daniel Pearl's 40th birthday.  An astute journalist for the  Wall Street Journal , Pearl was kidnapped in January 2002 by Islamic extremists while working in Pakistan.  His death was confirmed on February 21, 2002.  Besides his obvious journalistic talents, Daniel Pearl loved music.  His family and friends saw music as a way to honor his memory and their love for him.  One only has to read any of the collective writings of Mr. Pearl to see that he was a man of uncommon principle and a terrific writer.  Many of his writings have been collected in an amazing volume titled   "At Home in the World: Collected Writings from the Wall Street Journal" .  I would highly recommend it to gain insight into the man that was Daniel Pearl.   Daniel sincerely believed in the power of music.  He also believed in telling the stories of those who did not have a voice.  A man who believed the power of humanity and lived his life espousing those beliefs.  His song ended too abruptly.   KOBE BRYANT CIRCUS  After much speculation from legal analysts that Kobe Bryant's defense team would waive the preliminary hearing, they were   swiftly   proven wrong.  In my opinion, the amount of media coverage this case has received is ridiculous--and at the same time all too predictable.  Not having been a Bryant fan or knowing anything of the nineteen year-old woman at the center of this case, I really found myself having no particular thoughts on this case--until today.  While I imagine very few people know exactly what happened in that hotel room in Edwards, Colorado, it certainly has not stopped a groundswell of strong opinions and emotions on this case.  Against a backdrop of media speculation and death threats, a few of the factual details were made public in the course of the hearing on Thursday.  What I have heard and read of Kobe Bryant's defense team--in particular Pamela Mackey--is simply the most vile of court antics and strategy.  I have no idea who is guilty or innocent in this case.  But, I do know that rape shield laws exsist for a reason.  Ms. Mackey's contention that she "accidentally" named the accuser six times in open court proceedings is beyond ludicrous.  But, that was only the beginning of Ms. Mackey's contempt of courtroom etiquette.  The hearing came to a screeching halt during Ms. Mackey's cross-examination of a sheriff's detective. Asking if the accuser's injuries would be consistent with someone who had had sex with three different men in three days, Ms. Mackey stepped way over the line of decency.  The implication there in being that the victim's bruising and vaginal tearing were prior injuries occuring before consensual sex with her client--and that the accuser was a promiscuous woman.  Beyond how offensive and vile I find Ms. Mackey's courtroom antics, the reality of this line of defense is all too common.  If a woman claims rape, she's obbviously either a slut or a liar.  Even if it were the case that the alleged victim engaged in sex with 80 men in one day, that does little to address the allegations brought against Mr. Bryant.  It all comes back to that  simple--but seemingly cryptic issue--of when "no" means "no".  If the woman was forced to have sexual intercourse against her will (even while acknowledging flirting, kissing and/or groping with the defendant), she should not be made to look like the town whore or a mentally unstable nutcase.  It is interesting to note that police said that the alleged victim's blood was found on a shirt belonging to Mr. Bryant.  It is also evident that there are some questions to be asked about the alleged victim's statement.  Not presuming the guilt or innocence of anyone, the actions of the defense portend that this trial will be fought in the gutter.   DRAKE SNAKE  How totally misguided was the Drake tribe's decision to "throw" the immunity challenge on last night's   "Survivor: Pearl Islands" ?  Losing the challenge not only lost them one of the strongest links of their team--Rupert--but eventually led to the ouster of Burton.  Even more ghastly was the spectacle of a drunken Jon who gleefully betrayed his alliance and generally acted like a true ass.  The look on Jeff Probst's face when he asked Jon "Are you loaded?" was priceless.  Meanwhile, it was a bit hard not to feel  for the Morgan tribe as their morale boosting win was no more than a hollow victory.    VERONICA GUERIN  I caught a screening of Joel Schumacher's   "Veronica Guerin"  starring the beautiful Cate Blanchett.  While the true life story of journalist Veronica Guerin has been made into at least one other movie and a documentary, this incarnation is gripping.  Guerin was a crime beat reporter who went after notorious drug lords in Dublin, Ireland in the mid-1990's.  She was brutally murdered in 1996.  Cate Blanchett gives one of those transcendental performances where you forget you are watching an actor and feel like you are peeking into the life of a real person--not just a character in a film.  Strong, heady, emotionally wrenching, Blanchett gives one of the best performances by an actress in film this year.  While the movie is not likely to become a box-office hit, don't deprive yourself of checking out an exquisite performance.