          A BEAUTIFUL LIFE  Kevyn Aucoin lived a colorful life.  Albeit, his story ended way too abruptly.  Now a new autobiography serves as a fitting tribute to a man who touched many lives.     "Kevyn Aucoin: A Beautiful Life"  by Kerry Diamond hit bookstores on September 23rd.  The book wonderfully contrasts Kevyn's childhood filled with struggles with that of the one he would lead as a king of high glamour.  The book frankly tackles the homophobia that Aucoin faced in a small Southern town.  It also celebrates the life of a man who new that beauty was truly in the eye of the beholder.  He found beauty in everyone.  The fact that he was so beloved by many of his star and high fashion clients is a testament to the man.  In this wonderfully written tribute, many share their personal experiences with Mr. Aucoin.  Among those sharing stories are: Barbra Streisand, Julia Roberts, Shirley MacLaine, Tina Turner, Hillary Swank, Christy Turlington and Janet Jackson.  Beyond the famous faces he used as a canvas, he became indispensable and a cherished friend to many others.  The book also does a nice job at cataloging some of Aucoin's techniques and secrets and features some superb photography.  One of the most interesting parts of the book are Polaroid photos that Aucoin kept in his datebook from various photo shoots he worked on.  Endearing, funny, and poignant, they showcase just how much Kevyn Aucoin loved what he did and the fact that he was just as starstruck by his clients as the general population is.  Surely, there are a few more angels on that catwalk blessed by Aucoin's talent and love of life.   TOUT BEAU  An idea brewing since 1984, Jean Paul Gaultier is getting ready to introduce U.S. men to cosmetics in a big way.  Already unveiled in Europe and Japan, the Jean Paul Gaultier "Le Male Tout Beau" collection will start hitting store shelves in January 2004.  The collection of eight items has been formulated with not only Gaultier's niche gay audience--but all men--in mind.  Very sleek in design and packaging (in all black), the line will include bronzing powder, muted skin-tone lip colors, eye pencil and concealer.  Gaultier continues his quirky packaging and design, by introducing products like a combo eye pencil/concealer that resembles a Flair pen for a touch up that is only a breast pocket away.  Always known for his gender-bending men's fashion, he hopes that men are finally ready to   embrace   their vanity.  A large publicity campaign is slated for fashion magazines later this year.     IN DA HOOD  Ghettopoly, the game, is causing a stink in some neighborhoods.  A parody of the traditional board game Monopoly, Ghettopoly has   sparked  the ire of some Black leaders and clergy.  The game features "playas" acting as pimps and collecting cards that read among other things "You got yo whole neighborhood addicted to crack. Collect $50". Perhaps the thing that has upset most critics is the use of character names intentionally mispelled such as "Malcum X" and "Martin Luthor King Jr. Created by David Chang, Ghettopoly will soon be    joined  by such fare as HipHopoply and Redneckopoly.  But, I actually think the criticism is a bit disingenuous.  One only need to look at fashion and music to see the "pimp" lifestyle being coveted by both black and white youth.  With role models like Snoop Dogg and 50 Cent, what do people expect?  Maybe I'm just being particularly politically incorrect, but I can see the humor in the game--and I certainly do not consider myself a racist in any form or fashion.  The typical protest among novelty items such as this game usually only serve to swell the popularity of said item.  Trying to form boycotts against Urban Outfitters for selling the game is at best misguided.  These games merely reflect popular culture.  No, it's not you grandparent.s parlour game--but it never portended to be one.  We can--and should--all laugh at ourselves now and again.   THE PATRIOT ACT?  Does anyone want to lay odds that the FBI   bugging  of the office of Philadelphia's mayor, John Street, will not be an isolated instance?  Though the exact reasons for the covert eavesdropping have not been made public, one has to wonder how much easier it is for the Federal Government to gain entre into offices across the country in the name of national security.    THE MUCH MALIGNED "POP" STAR   Time  magazine's Josh Tyrangiel writes an interesting   piece  on the state of pop music and a case study of the success (or failure) of the marketing of Clay Aiken.  The article points out how many at Aiken's own label find pop music to be laughable.  Many industry insiders make the case that pop music is a dying breed being overtaken by urban hip-hop and rock.  If you read between the lines, the contempt that record companies have for the average consumer is rather alarming.  Aiken acquits himself nicely in the article:    "There are many people at the record label who are afraid of me.  They don't understand the reasons that someone as uncool as me is here. In a way--and this is a horrible word to say, and once I say it you're going to print it--it's a revolution."   It will be interesting to see if Aiken can pull off a successful--and sustainable--debut despite the label's naysaying and his aversion to songs rife with sexual innuendo and double entendres.   ANAGRAMATICS  * David Letterman = nerd amid late tv * Salman Rushdie = read shun islam * the earthquakes = that queer shake * software = swear oft * New York Times = monkeys write * Statue Of Liberty = built to stay free   EXIT : LEFT  sometimes the obvious takes its sweet time we knew the suspects, but not the crime then it hit me like a ton of bricks i kept my promises, while you picked out tricks the vows we made, i kept them near my heart all the while, you shredded them apart yes, i was naive believing in picket fences feeling with my heart and not my senses but, you made a promise--true blue and i had the deepest faith in you so now i've learned you can't give devotion to a man of mixed emotion i must confess, time has hurt me but he also made me see i don't want to be your lover when there's another but were we not the rage before you exited the stage?