          REALITY TV...  By now, any television viewer in America has realized that this Summer re-run season is chock full of so-called "Reality TV" programming.  It seems to divide people into two groups:  those who love it and those who hate it.  But the fact remains that someboy is watching it.  I think I'm a reality tv junkie.  Sure it can be trashy and outrageous.  You always have to wonder how "real" reality is.  While associate producers and casting agents abound, you really have to wonder what would possess someone to subject themselves to what usually turns out to be humiliation and embarrassment.  Finally, you put hours and invest interest in programming that never ends like you'd like it to--or even how the show is supposed to.  Pop culture is now flooded with reality TV "stars" and wannabes.  For every semi-successful story, there are many who never find their place or their fifteen minutes.  Nonetheless, I'm still addicted.  I voted for "American Idol"   Kelly Clarkson .  I've watched Big Brother I, II, & III...and   "Big Brother IV" .  I'm fascinated by CBS's   "Amazing Race 4 .  Fox's new experiment in the hook-up,   "Paradise Hotel" , takes an old formula and makes it truly wicked.  The object of the game?  You must hook-up or leave the hotel.  But the producers have brought a cast of interesting characters and mean-spirited 'surprises' that watching people squirm this much has never been so fun.  Favorite players:  The Fish-Cold Charla and Hunky Beau.  That whole 'can't turn away from a car crash' reflexiveness seems to hold true.  Then again, I know enough people who do not watch reality programming or *gasp* hate it (at least publically), to have my doubts.  I think the trick with reality television programming is too not spend more time watching stranger's lives than you spend living your own.  There's nothing quite like waking up in your own bed and remembering all the things you have to deal with today and don't want to, to give one a unique perspective on reality.