          GEORGE DUBYA: PRESIDENT, POET, PROPHET, PUTZ  I was a good boy.  I didn't make one untoward comment about Mr. Bush's poetic ode to the First Lady (nevermind the fact he likened her to a lump in the bed--how romantic!).  I so wanted to write something catty and sarcastic.  But, he has been a recurring theme (like a nightmare) in many of my rants.  One might get the impression I despise the man--and that would be a pretty good impression.  In the end, I figured I'd skip his Shakespearean effort as I was sure he'd do something else stupid soon enough.  Well, time's up.  Endorsing the fine work of groups like the Christian Coalition, the American Family Association and the Southern Baptist Convention, President Bush has signed a proclamation   declaring  October 12th-18th "Marriage Protection Week".  No, they are not handing out condoms to married heterosexuals.  Instead, the President offers another heaping dose of his contemptuous disdain for the GLBT community.  Among his choice remarks were the following:   "Marriage is a sacred institution, and its protection is essential to the continued strength of our society. Marriage Protection Week provides an opportunity to focus our efforts on preserving the sanctity of marriage and on building strong and healthy marriages in America.  Marriage is a union between a man and a woman, and my administration is working to support the institution of marriage by helping couples build successful marriages and be good parents."     Regardless of what my personal opinion or stance on the issue of gay marriage, I cannot help but be truly offended at his backhanded insult that parents can be nothing other than heterosexual.  Such a narrow view from such a narrow mind.  If the Democratic Party doesn't get its act together soon and find a consensus candidate, I'm going to...  I have no idea what I'm going to do.  I just know that this Texas Good Ol' Boy must be removed from the White House and sent back to killing possums on his farm.  It's getting to the point where I can  almost  understand the general apathy that seems to grip the whole of the electorate.  Politics is indeed an ugly business--and frankly, neither of the major political parties has had much to offer a constituency hungering for something more than war, scandals, and business as usual.  Let's be frank.  I despise the man.  I admire the system.  However, when you look at the circus atmosphere of an election like the one taking place in California today and listen to the words of the man elected to lead our country, you really have to worry.  Or at least, I do.   INDIANAPOLIS COLTS  While I'm not big on the NFL as I once was, I still carry the torch for the Colts.  I've been a fan of   Peyton Manning  since his storied days at the University Of Tennessee.  I think he's not only a remarkable athlete, but a truly good human being.   I have quite a collection of Colts and Manning memorabilia.  Okay, I admit I have always had this schoolgirl crush on him. I'm not really sure why, but he just does it for me--and apparently his wife.  On Monday night, the Colts went to Tampa to play the reigning Super Bowl champion Tampa Bay Buccaneers.  With Tony Dungy at the helm (who the Buccaneers had fired in 2002), the Colts took a sterling 4-0 season with them into the game--and started playing dismally soon falling behind 21-0.  But if you stuck through the game, you were handsomely rewarded.  With less than four minutes left in regulation play, the Colts were down by 21 points and   rallied  to an OT victory over the Buc's with a final score of 38-35.  Simply mind boggling.  The Colts stampede continues forward 5-0.   BIOLOGICS R' US  From the D'Oh! file:  A draft report from the General Accounting Office says the U.S. Department Of Defense was   selling  equipment that could be used to make biological warfare agents to the general public on the internet.  Gee, terrorists are no longer limited to just shopping on eBay.