          NIP/TUCK  Hollywood's fascination with plastic surgery has always been its dirty little secret.  That secret that no one ever admits to, but every one talks about behind their back.  As with most anything, I guess that if it's something you want to do and you can afford it--more power to you.  I don't think it's something I'd ever consider (vain Leo that I am).  Joan Rivers is someone who's never made a secret of her "work".  I love Joan.  I think she's hilarious and I've long admired her.  But, I often wonder if things get pulled up one more time will her eyes end up on her forehead?  Now, I have seen some Hollywood types have work done that looks natural (as natural as plastic can be).  I personally know a couple of people who've had a breast augmentation here, a nose job there and a tummy tuck or two.  In most cases, it's something that really seems to help the person with self-esteem issues.  So, I would have to say there are benefits to having things "done".  So this weekend while I was busy doing nothing, I decided I'd better attack my ever-growing pile of magazines.  Laying on the bed, I thumbed through issues of "W", "Time", "Genre", "Flaunt" and all the other 700 magazines I subscribe to.  One of my absolute favorites is "Entertainment Weekly" or "EW" as it is lovingly referred to.  For the most part, their magazine is a fun read and has some great photography.  The covers are usually very keen.  As I reached over to pull the magazine with the pink background off the stack, I thought to myself, "who the hell is that?".  Now, I am supposed to wear my glasses when I read (and most of the time I do).  I didn't have them on in this instance and it was perhaps a blessing in disguise.  With the October 3rd issue in front of me, I shuddered in horror.  There was Uma Thurman's puss bigger than life.  She's obviously had a little something-something done recently.  Okay, she's had  A LOT  something done.  They've pulled this women back so tight that if she crosses her legs her mouth is liable to snap open.  What happened?  Maybe "EW" should have pulled the camera back a bit....like to another state.  Later that day, I saw a trailer for Tarantino's new movie, "Kill Bill, Volume I", starring Ms. Thurman.  I looked at the screen and then back at the cover.  It's not the same woman.  Has she called her lawyers yet?  Ms. Thurman is not alone in her jarring 'makeover'.  I recently saw some pictures of Meg Ryan that were...um....interesting.  The more I think about it, I'll just take the wrinkles and age gracefully. (I'm just kidding God.)   MEASURE OF A MAN  If you are a fan of Clay Aiken, there's a great interview with Fred Bronson up over at Billboard.com discussing the tracks on his debut album,   "Measure Of A Man" .  The first single, "Invisible" is starting to get airplay.       JOSS STONE  Check out this sixteen-year old British sensation as she makes a slated appearance on Monday's "Good Morning America".  Her album "  The Soul Sessions " is a revelation.  She covers everything from Betty Wright to The White Stripes.