          THE MUSIC BEGINS...  Recently, I was having a discussion with a group of friends about music--and in particular about how certain songs remind you important events or people from your past when you hear them. I firmly believe (being a music junkie) that music is truly a "soundtrack" to one's life. The reason this discussion came about is that someone had mentioned the year 1979. Of course, this was arguably the height of the Disco Era. It was also in the Spring of 1979 that I was a freshman in high school--which in itself is a traumatic enough ordeal. But, one seemingly innocuous moment from that time remains with me in crystal clarity.   While I personally believe that I was born gay--when you 'come out' many people inevitably arrive at this question: "When did you know you were gay?". It was in 1979 in a freshman physical education class that the answer was written for me. If I had not already subconsciously arrived at that conclusion, it was most definitely the moment when and where I confronted myself and my sexuality.  It was on a particularly beautiful Spring day in 1979, my gym class was on a practice field playing soccer. For a reason that now escapes my memory, myself and a classmate were called out of class early (I believe it was for a student council related activity) and sent to the lockerroom to shower and change and be on our way to said activity. As I sat on a bench undressing, I found myself intently watching my classmate undress. It was the first time in my life that I can recall being completely amazed by the beauty of the naked male form. Now in hindsight, it is easy to recall that he was a total hunk to begin with. What was startling to me (and I don't think I mean this in a sexual way necessarily) is being in awe of the beauty of his naked body. For the first time, I wanted to possess this beauty....touch this beauty. It felt so natural and so right. Of course, it goes without saying that I was a scared little gay boy and nothing ever happened (beyond gaining a multitude of fodder for my own self-gratification). But it was at that precise moment, on that very day, that I knew without a shred of doubt, that I was a 100% homosexual. I think this event marks the beginning of my struggle in the 'coming-out' process...and a long and arduous one it would be.