          THE ANNE HECHE SYNDROME?  Poor   Courtney Love .  She appears to have taken one of those astral projections that Ms. Heche was on.  Ms. Love was arrested early Thursday morning apparently 'under the influence' of a narcotic while breaking windows to gain access to a home in Los Angeles.  Apparently, door bells are not the rage on the West Coast.  After being arrested and released, it is reported that Ms. Love overdosed later the same day and was taken by ambulance to a hospital.   ROBBIE & LINDA  Taking a page from Pink's book,   Robbie Williams  is said to be in the studio with producer Linda Perry (ex-lead singer for 4 Non Blondes) working on new material.  Williams recently had a less than amicable split with former writing partner Guy Chambers.  The move is being reported in the U.K. press as a return to an edgier, harder rock sound.  (Coincidentally, Ms. Perry had been working with Ms. Love on her solo outing, "America's Sweetheart", which was supposed to bow at the end of the year.)    Look America, I just don't understand what you have against Mr. Williams?  Take That was not his fault.  Actually, I liked Take That.  But that's a topic for another day.  The fact that Mr. Williams has not had any much deserved success in the U.S. is truly a crime.  He's tried with great songs like "Millennium", "Rock DJ", and "Feel".  But, radio programming directors and pop music fans seemed to take little notice.  I have been a fan since I received my U.K. import copy of "  Life Thru a Lens ".  Every album since has been a revelatory look at a talented singer/songwriter.  I purchased both the U.K. and U.S release of his last--and perhaps most underrated work--"  Escapology ".  His songs are more clever than half of the dreck that hits the upper echelon of the pop music charts these days.  I just don't get it.  Then again, I was probably one of five U.S. residents who bought and loved Gary Barlow's "  Open Road ".     Okay, I feel better.   QUICKTAKES  01.    Arnold Schwarzengger --If you vote for him, God save California. 02.    Rush Limbaugh --I know it's not right....but I can't help but smile at the thought of Mr. Conservative hopped up on OxyContin. 03.  Arnold Schwarzenegger-- First, he says it's not true.  He never groped those women.  Then, maybe it's true?  He's sorry though. 04.    Survivor: Pearl Islands --That poor Morgan Tribe cannot catch a break. 05.    Ig Nobel Prize --Homosexuality & necrophilia in ducks?  And they think Americans are weird? 06.  Sock monkeys are cool. 07.    Iraq --317 American have died since the 'end of the war'.  3 to 6 per week killed.  40 wounded. 08.    WMD --Surprise! They're not coming out.   UNDERSTATEMENT OF THE WEEK   "The enemy has evolved -- a little bit more lethal, a little more complex, a little more sophisticated, and in some cases, a little bit more tenacious." ---Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez, assessing the state of hostilities in Iraq   MUTINY  a boy's heart spilled into the cerulean sea a despondent vessel waiting for the founder empty tentacles of blood red mystery inking the waves to blackened history  tendrils of seaweed entwined malady crusted barnacles of vivid memory the hollow hull sinks with lifeless rapidity navigation is once again oarless  the sun flickers on a lonely rowboat a victim of high seas robbery for what was once his lies on the ocean floor in a pirate's chest and on he floats...