          THE BOY FROM OZ  Later this month, Hugh Jackman bows in his Broadway debut playing the legendary Peter Allen in   'The Boy From Oz' .  While Jackman is probably best known in the U.S. for his turn as Wolverine in the 'X-Men' franchise, he does have a stage background.  He played the role of Curly in a U.K. production of 'Oklahoma' to rave reviews.  He's also appeared in his native Australia in the companies of 'Beauty & The Beast' and 'Sunset Boulevard'.  Early word from previews is that Jackman is masterful in the role of song and dance man Allen (who was discovered by Judy Garland and later married daughter Liza).  His voice is said to be strong and commanding--a revelation that is sure to surprise many.  Also in the cast as Allen's partner (Greg) is the wonderfully talented and Tony winning actor,   Jarrod Emick , who will get to kiss Jackman nightly.  'The Boy From Oz' opens at the Imperial Theatre on October 16.   BERRY REDUX  Back on the 26th of September, I mentioned that gossip was brewing about one of the strangest celebrity pairings I've seen in a while--Halle Berry & Fred Durst.  A recent   announcement  from Berry will surely add fuel to the fire.  She released a statement on Wednesday saying that she has indeed separated from her husband of nearly three year, singer Eric Benet.  Marital problems were given as the cause.  Damn, maybe he did do it all for the nookie?   INTERNATIONAL TERRORIST?  A Dearborn, Michigan high school student, Bretton Barber, has   won  a legal battle against the Dearborn School District.  Barber wore a t-shirt to school emblazoned with George W. Bush's portrait and the tagline "International Terrorist".  He was ordered to either cover the shirt or go home, which he did.  In a ruling released by the ACLU (who sued on Barber's behalf), U.S. District Court Judge Patrick J. Duggan ruled in part that,   "There is no evidence that the T-shirt created any disturbance or disruption."   Interestingly enough, the Detroit high school in question has a large Arab-American population.  It was one of the reasons given by school officials for the action against Barber, as they feared it would "inflame passions" among the student body.  Ironically, Barber ordered the t-shirt on the Internet.   QUEER HISTORIANS  Here's an interesting piece written by Scott McLemme and published in  The Chronicle Of Higher Education :   "A Queer Notion of History: Research On Gay And Lesbian Life Makes Its Mark" .  I suppose moving to Oklahoma is out of the question?   SCENE FROM AN ELLIPTICAL CONVERSATION  A small snippet of an interesting conversation I had with a first-time reader of this weblog.  I shall refer to him as "X".  "X" is heterosexual.  "X" is a casual acquaintance who I met researching a project.  X: "You sure do have a lot of queer stuff on your site." 0: "I'm curious to know why you said 'queer stuff'?" X: "That is what you all prefer to be called these days?  I thought.....Did I offend you?" 0: "First, I'm not sure which "you all" you are referring to.  Secondly, it did not offend me.  I was just curious as to why you chose that word." X: "Well, I've really never thought about it when talking to you.  I mean....it's not really an issue we talk....I mean I know you are gay." 0: "Yep, I would be gay or queer or whatever word you feel comfortable using.  It doesn't bother me.  Trust me, I've been called worse...." X: "I just figured "queer" was more acceptable these days.  Like that television show." 0: "Oh, Um....okay, I understand why you said queer.  But why 'queer stuff'?" X: "I just meant that there were a lot of entries dealing with issues about homosexuality...."  0: "That would probably be because it's my perspective.  It's about issues and ideas I care about.  But, I think to say it's just 'queer stuff' is a bit unfair..." X: "I certainly didn't mean to offend you.  I guess I stuck my foot in my mouth?" 0: "No.  You gave your opinion.  That's valid.  I asked you what you thought.  The only thing I thought was strange is that I don't think I've ever heard you say the word 'queer' in any conversations we've had...." X: "I'm sorry......I...." 0: "You certainly don't have anything to apologize for.  There is a lot of 'queer stuff' on my weblog.  I'm queer.  I guess it's like a filter that I view things through.  But, I hope you realize that what I write is not meant to be just for a gay audience.  It certainly is colored by my opinions..." X: "Well, I apologize for saying 'you all'.  That made me sound like I was looking down....or being negative.  I guess I wasn't comfortable--or didn't know how to address the gay content on your site. 0: "Look, there's no need for apologies or for feeling uncomfortable.  I knew what you meant.  I guess I was just curious why you said 'queer stuff' as opposed to 'gay stuff' or 'homosexual stuff'.  It was not meant to be a judgement of you.  You can use whatever word you feel comfortable with." X: "Okay.  So like I said.  There's a lot of queer stuff on your site."