          A MUST READ  On Tuesday,  Boston Herald  sports columnist, Ed Gray, freely   outed  himself in a wonderfully written column.  Not surprisingly, Gray notes that the arena of male dominated sports is one in which homophobia is rampant.  Identifying himself as a gay athlete and gay sportswriter, Gray writes:   "I'm out because I no longer, in good conscience, choose to ignore the unabashed homophobia that is so cavalierly tolerated within the world of sports. I'm out, because the silence of a closeted gay man only serves to give his implicit approval to bigotry. I'm out, because I refuse to continue hiding from the truth that an openly gay man has as much right as a straight man to play sports or report on them.   Gray goes on to make the case that the "locker room" mentality of sports perpetuates the environment of homophobia and keeps gay athletes in the closet.    Mr. Gray, I admire your courage and honesty.   THE FIGHT CLUB  In complete contrast, author   Chuck Palahniuk , claims that he outed himself due to threat of an  Entertainment Weekly  piece that was going to.  A very angry audioblog entry  detailing the betrayal of the  EW  reporter writing the piece was left on Palahniuk's website and then was quickly yanked.  (To be fair, it should be noted that personal details of the life of the writer in question were left in the audio entry during Palahniuk's understandable rant.)   The published transcripts of his   audioblogs  have also not captured this entry.  The following reference remains in the transcript of a September 23 audioblog:   " I would like to ask, in the meantime I'm gonna try and relax and I would like to ask everybody else to relax and back off a little bit from Entertainment Weekly, Um, Yeah, that's all I can ask.  I'm gonna try and relax about this and if you all would try and relax as well, I would appreciate that. I'm just taking it one day at a time, trying to get through this and got three events in London this week so maybe I'll see ya'. But, let's just back off, relax and not kill anybody and call it good.  I'll talk to you later, Bye."   Palahniuk also stated that he had literally been blackmailed in the past by writers wanting cash not to reveal the fact that he was gay and had a partner.  Whatever Mr. Palahniuk's reasons were for maintaining the privacy of his personal life, they should have been respected by anyone calling themselves a journalist.  The fact that his wishes were apparently not heeded  is just another reminder how the outing of public figures is still considered a sport.  Sensationalistic fodder for writers that pander to the tabloid trash side of journalism.  Any public figure--whether celebrity or politician--should have the right to decide what facets of their private lives they wish to keep private or public.  Someone's bedroom should not be considered public domain simply because they have a modicum of noteriety.  After a backlash from Palahniuk's fans and supporters, it now appears that the  EW  piece will never see the light of day.  However, I suppose the damage has already been done.  Interestingly enough, there is actually a building criticism in some corners that Mr. Palahniuk outed himself and should blame no one else for it.   WONDERLAND  Lion's Gate will release   'Wonderland'  on October 3rd in New York and Los Angeles (opening wide October 17th).  It will be curious to see how this movie is received.  They couldn't have put together a more wonderful cast in Val Kilmer, Lisa Kudrow, Josh Lucas, Dylan McDermott, Tim Blake Nelson, Kate Bosworth, Jeneane Garofalo and Eric Bogosian among others.  While the obvious draw will be Kilmer's portrayal of porn legend John Holmes, the story revolves around the infamous quadruple murders that occured on Wonderland Avenue in 1981.  Early buzz has Kilmer and Kudrow giving powerhouse performances.  The official website features downloadable production notes via PDF.  It's a great read.   QUOTE OF THE DAY    "Arnold Schwarzenegger is a charming man. He's a nice man. But really, he has no idea how to run a state, and he's going to be run by the very forces that basically have destroyed so much of California." ---Arianna Huffington on CNN's 'Larry King Live' (announcing her withdrawal from the California gubernatorial race)    PUT YOUR FOOT (AMONG OTHER THINGS) IN YOUR MOUTH   "I don't think he's been that good from the get-go.  I think what we've had here is a little social concern in the NFL. The media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well. There is a little hope invested in McNabb, and he got a lot of credit for the performance of this team that he didn't deserve. The defense carried this team." ---Rush Limbaugh, on an ESPN pre-game commentary  To quote Al Franken, "Rush Limbaugh Is A Big Fat Idiot".