          THE RULES  This weekend I ended up re-watching Roger Avary's "  The Rules of Attraction "--not once, but twice.  I hadn't seen it since the movie was released.  Despite the critical drubbing the film took, I found the film essentially disturbing, affecting and I liked it.  It's now safe to say, that I love the film.  Though Roger Avary's screenplay is a fairly faithful interpretation of Bret Easton Ellis's 1987 book, the film is unique in that it plays within no actual time constraints or the rigidness of sequencing.  The film's characters could exist in the 80s, 90's or present day.  You're not sure if your watching a day, a week, a month.   The characters themselves are shallow and two-dimensional at first glance.  But, upon repeated viewings, you pick up on many non-verbal cues and plot devices woven into Avery's flawless direction.  These little nuances are left for you to find and interpret.  The dynamic at work is want.  Whatever these characters may have in their lives (be it money, people, sex), they are all wanting something else.  It is the yearning in the characters and their circuitous paths toward trying to find satiation of this want that creates a complex dynamic in the film.  Suddenly, the voice-overs and time reversals take on more significance when you know where the characters will ultimately succeed or fail.  The troika of James Van Der Beek, Shannyn Sossamon and Ian Somerhalder are brilliant in their subtle (and often disturbing) portrayals of people who want--and more importantly need.  Though they try alcohol, drugs, and self-affliction, they are never able to find satisfaction.  The movie also never finds a storybook ending for its non-apologetic characters.  By allowing the viewer to draw their own judgements of the characters, Roger Avary has crafted a visually stunning and hauntingly effective film.  If you haven't seen it--or its been awhile since you've seen it--check it out.  Additionally, you can find a complete free downloadable   screenplay  at Roger Avary's website.  It is quite interesting in the voluminous production shooting notes that are included in the script.  It's available as an Adobe .pdf and well worth viewing.   MISCELLANEOUS NOTES ON THE JACKSON MEDIA FRENZY  01.  Last Thursday when the whole Michael Jackson booking saga took place, I was watching CNN when Jermaine Jackson called in and berated anchor Kyra Phillips.  While Phillips held her own against Jackson's anger, his claims that the actions against his brother were "a modern-day lynching" seem nothing more than inflammatory.  Jackson further went on to say, "my brother is not eccentric" and "I'm sick and fucking tired of people speaking on my brother's behalf and my family's behalf who do not know us".  That his brother is not eccentric is simply laughable.  The fact that most of the Jackson family have put their lives and follies in the public eye leaves them open to the media scrutiny.  By Friday, Jermaine Jackson was being interviewed by Barbara Walters.  Jermaine's protests come off as nothing more than a second-rate singer looking for free publicity.  02.  It's laughable that the Santa Barbara District Attorney sealed the complaint and warrant.  Within two days, the name of the alleged victim, details of the alleged crimes, love notes and other sordid information was plastered all over the internet and most media outlets.  03.  The ridiculous sight of news helicopters trying desperately to catch shots of Michael Jackson's plane, arrival and booking was pathetic.  How this is deemed newsworthy and demanded hours of continuous news coverage is a mystery to me.  Even sadder, is the fact that helicopters followed Jackson's vehicle down the Las Vegas strip upon his return.  I suddenly had flashbacks of O.J. Simpson's white Bronco.  04.  This morning, there if an "official" statement on Mr. Jackson's   website  claiming that the charges are "predicated on a big lie".  05.  Someone needs to tell Gloria Allred to get a life.  First, she hooks up with Amber Frey.  Now, she's leading a crusade to have Jackson's children removed from his custody.  Here I thought Mark Geragos was a first-class media whore.  It seems he has competition.  06.  That mugshot.  That scary resemblance to Joan Crawford.  That horrific make-up.  This is a movie right?  07.  CBS has once again proved they have no backbone.  Weaseling out of airing their Michael Jackson special (after cancelling the airing of "The Reagans") is a sad statement on the intertwining of the network's entertainment and news divisions.  Further, it appears CBS nor Ms. Allred have heard of the phrase "innocent until proven guilty"?   FAVORITE RECENT CD REVIEW  " All the while, Ms. Spears works hard to prove that she's hot-blooded, although she sounds colder than ever. The album is almost perversely devoid of personality -- a final act of rebellion, perhaps, against the music industry. Ms. Spears will cobble together an album, if she absolutely has to, but don't think she's going to get all personal. That's what television specials are for. "---Kalefa Sanneh, Arts/Culture Desk Reviewer  The New York Times    SIMON COWELL  As part of the publicity blitz for his new book, "  I Don't Mean to Be Rude, But... " (in stores December 2nd), Simon Cowell gave an   interview  to  Billboard's  Carla Hay.  Cowell has some interesting comments on the state of music and the "American Idol" phenomenon.  Among his assertions is that Madonna is "over" and "desperate", Britney Spears was "never sexy", Beyonce and J.Lo have "the X-Factor" and Clay Aiken "is the best thing to happen to 'American Idol'".  That cheeky Simon.   BABYSITTING 101  I spent most of my weekend babysitting my niece and nephew.  At ages 11 and 8, to say they left me exhausted and ragged would be an understatement--though I love them dearly.  I also learned more about   Yu-Gi-Oh!  than any gay man should EVER know.