          GIFTS....FOR ME  I usually like to try and get all of my holiday shopping done early to avoid the madness of the last-minute mall mobs.  In the past several years, I've found myself shopping on-line for a lot of my gifts.  While there are certain perks to in-store shopping, there's a lot to be said for staying in bed and shopping in your underwear.  Alas, there are some items that just don't lend themselves to shopping at home.  Yesterday, I made my first mall crawl and started ticking people off my list.  The truth be told, I love to shop.  There's a certain unexplicable chemical reaction that happens in my body.  A strange cocktail of adrenaline and serotonin that fuels a rush to spend money.  If someone could figure a way to bottle that energy, there would be addicts across the globe.  Shopping is good for you.  Especially when you can't help but pick up a few things for yourself.  Afterall, the spirit of giving should apply to purchaser as well.  Or at least, that's what I tell myself.  While trolling for gifts, I  had  to stop and pick up some new music.  Among my purchases:  --  "Afterglow" --Sarah McLachlan --  "At Last" --Cyndi Lauper --  "Tales of a Librarian: A Tori Amos Collection" --Tori Amos --  "Motown" --Michael McDonald  I also purchased the new concert DVDs by Coldplay ("  Coldplay - Live 2003 ") and Linkin Park ("  Live in Texas "), a very colorful sweater and a funky pendant lamp.   PAGING DR. ROMANO  (*spoiler alert*)  I'll be the first one to admit that I love to hate Dr. Romano (played by Paul McCrane) on "  ER ".  But, I don't think I could have imagined the cruel irony that would await the character in last night's episode entitled "Freefall".  Romano, who lost his arm last season in a freak accident with a helicopter tail rotor, apparently was not meant to be near helicopters.  In a wonderfully tense and well-written episode, a helicopter crashed on take-off from the hospital's helipad and tumbled off the side of the building and exploded in the emergency room entrance bay.  Oh, did I mention it apparently fell on top of Dr. Romano? Yikes!