          LA LEWINSKY  I'm not sure which is more disturbing:  the fact that Ms. Lewinsky can still   garner  major press or the descriptions of her social life.  In a December  GQ  interview, Ms. Lewinsky makes the shocking revelation that her White House liaison is a liability on the dating scene. No! Really?  Ms. Lewinsky bemoans the fact that while she dates occasionally--her romantic relationships have been short-lived.  Maybe her beaus are afraid she'll save another piece of clothing?  Linda, are you writing this all down?   THE KING OF ?  Speaking of  Les Liaisons Dangereuses , looks like Wacko Jacko is up to his eyeliner in   trouble  and tabloid press.  After Martin Bashir's pseudo-documentary detailing Michael Jackson's peculiar sleeping habits, is it really that much of surprise that he finds himself confronted with child molestation charges?  Whether Jackson is guilty or innocent, he really only has himself (and his bizarre behavior) for painting a target on his back.  I did find the press conference yesterday to be quite a stunning show of ego on the part of Santa Barbara District Attorney Tom Sneddon.  This is going to be off the bizarre meter.   BUSH & THE AARP  Am I the only one that finds it incredible that the   AARP  is actually supporting the Bush Administration's pathetic attempt at a Medicare prescription drug bill?  They are already running commercials showing their support--while at the same time claiming "it isn't perfect, but...".  By pushing reform that encourages private companies to create new preferred provider organizations,  the Republicans hope that seniors would select them over the traditional system under Medicare.  Meanwhile, the very purpose of Medicare--a standard benefit at a uniform price--is totally thrown in jeopardy.  With the proposed reform, more seniors will end up either not having adequate medical services or not be able to afford them.    QUICKTAKES  01.  No Doubt's video clip for their cover of Talk Talk's "  It's My Life " is awash in color and tongue-in-cheek humor.  Directed by the brilliant David LaChapelle, the circa 1930's clip worships Gwen Stefani's Harlowesque beauty. 02.  Mark Geragos.  Legal Eagle or Whore? Discuss. 03.  I'm fascinated by the WTC Memorial submission by the team of Gisela Baurmann, Jonas Coursmeier and Sawad Brooks entitled "  Passages of Light: Memorial Cloud ".  It's such a unique and mesmerizing idea.