          THE MAYOR'S MOUTHFUL  The Mayor of London, Ken Livingstone, has a few   words  to say about President Bush's upcoming visit.  Livingstone, who visited the United States earlier this year,  aroused the ire of many conservatives by calling the current administration " the most corrupt and racist American administration in over 80 years ".  Amid the ridiculous scope of security precautions being taken for Bush's visit, Livingstone is one of the highest-ranking officials to level blazing criticism at the U.S. President.  On the eve of the Bush visit, Livingstone has been quoted in the U.K. press as saying, " Some U.S. journalist came up to me and said: 'How can you say this about President Bush?'  Well, I think what I said then was quite mild. I actually think that Bush is the greatest threat to life on this planet that we've most probably ever seen. The policies he is initiating will doom us to extinction. "   In response to the visit, Mr. Livingstone is organizing a "peace party" at London's City Hall.  Of the protest, Livingstone says, " I don't formally recognise George Bush because he was not officially elected. So we are organising an alternative reception for everybody who is not George Bush. "  Bravo,  Mr. Livingstone! Bravo!   GEST v. MINNELLI, ROUND 2  On the heels of David Gest's $10 million dollar lawsuit--in which he claims among other things that Minnelli beat him--comes a response from the Minnelli camp in the form of a   countersuit .  Asking for $2 million dollars, Liza's lawyers have detailed charges accusing him of stealing money from her, insulting her publicly and trying to fire members of her staff who questioned his practices.  Part of the suit claims Gest began displaying diva-esque traits, "holding himself out as the 'star.'"   Diva-esque?  Me thinks the problem is more like "Homo-esque".   APPLES & ORANGES  While supposedly working yesterday morning, I was wasting my time participating in that ever-popular sport of channel surfing.  In the spirit of scientific experimentation, I was going back and forth between CNN, MSNBC, and FOX news channels.  While the breaking news on CNN and MSNBC was the verdict of the John Allen Muhammad trial and its dissection, FOX treated its viewers to live coverage of Rush Limbaugh's return to radio after a quickie stint in rehab.  I'm sure that this proves some significiant hypothesis of human nature.  However, I was too busy watching Jerry Springer to figure out the ramifications.   SOLE INFATUATION  I'm not a boot person.  However, hoping to contribute to an upturn in the economy, I've succumbed to these "Tricky Thick" boots from Kenneth Cole.  Next stop, the pursuit of hedonism.       THE HOT LIST  01.   Cyndi Lauper  02.   Kurt @ unprotectedtext.com  03.   Chip Wass's Jolly Roger T-Shirt  04.   Stash Tea  05.    Virtually Lost