          MAJOR COMBAT OPERATIONS OVER?  Since that infamous speech aboard the aircraft carrier, I think it's safe to assume that announcement was premature--if nothing else.  In recent days, U.S. military forces have carried out major offensives with ominous code names such as "Operation Iron Hammer" and "  Operation Ivy Cyclone ".  With the escalating death toll of soldiers in the month of November and an Associated Press  report that estimates that 3,240 civilian Iraqis have died between March 20 and April 20 (a figure based on data from only  half  of Iraq's hospitals), one can infer that things are not as positive as the White House would like us to believe.  The collison of two Army Black Hawk helicopters over the weekend killed 17 soldiers near Mosul.  The deaths brought to 420 the number of American troops killed in the Iraq war, 281 of them since Bush declared the end of major combat operations.   As this bloody backdrop plays on, the White House has now put its political muscle behind a proposal to form a provisional government in Iraq by June 2004. The transfer of power would provide President Bush a strategy to pull out U.S. troops as guerrilla warfare escalates.  The timing of this new strategy seems a bit alarming and precarious.  Meanwhile, President Bush during an   interview  with David Frost on the PBS/BBC program "Breakfast With David Frost" made the following dubious statement:  " We did the Iraqi people a great favor by removing him, and so I wouldn't be surprised that any kind of violence is promoted by him, but I don't know. "  Wow, I feel bettter.   BUSH, PART DEUX  After I finished reading this, I wasn't sure whether to laugh or cry:   Just So You Know    THE COLOR OF MONEY  This weekend I happened to catch a television commercial "promoting" the new $20 bill.  I immediately thought, "I can't believe the government has nothing better to spend its twenty dollar bills on".  Later that same day, I came across a two page spread in a magazine entitled "How To Read The New $20 Bill".  There's even a   website  devoted to the "new" $20 bill.  I would make some smart comment about the government wasting money, but apparently I'm too dumb to understand the intricacies of the new improved money.   THE BLOG KING  There's an impressive   piece  in today's  The New York Times  profiling the president of Gawker Media, Nick Denton.  The piece not only mentions   Gawker , but the newly launched and wildly popular   Fleshbot .  It also details Mr. Denton's next incarnation--Kinja.   BEAUTY PRODUCT OF THE WEEK  Yves St. Laurent   Touche Eclat