          CASUALTIES OF WAR  As of November 13, 2003, there have been 471 troop casualties in coalition forces fighting in Iraq.  The breakdown:  401 Americans, 53 British, 16 Italians and one Polish.  CNN has posted a   roster  that is continually updated upon family notifications.  It's heartbreaking to see all those faces and read about the situations in which they were killed.  Note that this figure does not include the fatalities of opposition forces, innocent civilians and citizens.  Nor does it reflect injuries.   SENATE THEATRICS--TAPE AT 6:02  From the much ado about nothing department is the continuing 'debate' in the U.S. Senate regarding President Bush's proposed judicial appointments.  The three-ring circus included rolling beds, boisterous pontificating and a senator carrying a "I'll be home watching 'The Bachelor'" placard.    In a show of great contempt for the political process, a   memo  from Elizabeth Keys, a senior communications advisor for the Senate Republican Conference was circulated, which in part read:  " It is important to double efforts to get your boss to S-230 on time ... Fox News Channel is really excited about this marathon and Brit Hume at 6 would love to open with all our 51 senators walking onto the floor -- the producer wants to know will we walk in exactly at 6:02 when the show starts so they get it live to open Brit Hume's show? Or if not, can we give them an exact time for the walk-in start? "  How pathetic is it that Fox News is now choreographing the "news".  Even more astounding is the Republican leadership's decision to allow a supposed "show of unity" to become a photo op.  The need for Americans to exercise their right to vote is more urgent than ever before.   PICTURE THIS  On Thursday, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences   unveiled  the poster for the 76th Academy Awards.  The wonderfully vibrant image by pop artist Burton Morris has a decidely retro feel and comic book look.  It's very different than the traditional Academy fare.  Great Stuff!   WORLD IDOL     Broadcasting & Cable   is reporting that Idols from countries around the world--including original U.S. winner Kelly Clarkson--will compete in a two-part competition for the title of "World Idol".  The competition is set to begin on Christmas Day and conclude on New Year's Day 2004.