          CATHOLICISM & THE GAY MAN  I was raised in a devout Roman Catholc family.  As a child, I was never sure what "devout" actually meant in the context of religion.  As an adult, I'm still not really sure if I do.  I do know that as a child, my family would attend church services weekly.  I was baptized and confirmed in the Catholic Church.  I attended catechism classes and went through a communion ceremony.  I detested the act of confession, but participated rather frequently.  I guess in some ways you could say that I was taught to believe in God.  I've always wondered how much of any organized religion is based on indoctrination.  Further, I think I've reached a conclusion that spirituality and organized religion are not the same thing.  Just like growing up, I look at my own spirituality as a journey--perhaps a never-ending one.  But, my relationship with the organized Roman Catholic Church came to an end when I was a freshman in high school.  To say I caused a scandal in my extended family would be an understatement.  It just was not acceptable.  Of course, my problems with the Catholic Church began about the same time I began to face my sexual identity.  But, to say that was the only issue that drove me away from the church would not be a fair characterization either.  As I began maturing as a person, I began to see what I perceived as faulty logic in the teachings of the Church.  I began to question a religion that told me I was unacceptable as a homosexual. I didn't agree with the Church's stand on abortion, birth control, divorce, confession and a host of other issues.  In college that gap just grew further.  I took a course entitled "The New Testament As Literature".  It opened my eyes to a whole new world of interpretation and questioning.  In the end I was left with two undeniable truths defining my own spirituality.  I did--and do--believe in a God.  I further kept one tenet of my religious education close to my heart:  God is all-knowing. God is all-loving. God is all-forgiving.  If God was indeed all-knowing, then why did I have to confess my sins to another human?  If God was all-loving, how could he hate me for being homosexual?  If God is all-forgiving, then how could so many things be considered sins?  Now, I realize this is an over-simplistic model and I could probably write a dissertation on the reasons I came to these conclusions and how they affected/defined my spirituality.  But, it does serve as a tangible reference point to some of the questions that led me away from the Church.   In the end, I realized what a powerful force guilt was--and how effectively it was used as a tool by the Church to keep it's faithful in line.  I also realized that (as some have argued) that if I am guilty of selectivity when it comes to my religion and my beliefs--it is no different than how any organized religion uses its texts and figures to interpret a single meaning of a religion.  I tried attending services in several other faiths looking for a place to "fit in".  Nothing ever seemed comfortable.  In my mind, it became a question of faith in the literal sense.  Even though I am not a practicing Catholic, I do consider myself one.  That my so-called Church will not accept me is an interesting and troubling paradox.  Yet, religion and spirituality are concepts that are boundless and do not need be confined to one house of worship.  I may have lost my Church, but I did not lose my religion. ------------------------------------  When I went to do today's entry, religion was not going to be the topic.  However, two interesting and thought-provoking articles sort of coaxed me there.  I know that religion is a very private matter and and issue of great controversy.  I actually never thought it would be a topic addressed in this forum.  But, these are my personal viewpoints. I was also not my intent to offend anyone.  My thoughts after reading these two articles shaped this entry.  From  The Village Voice :   "Gay Catholics Act Up"  From the  Pioneer Press :   U.S. Bishops State Opposition To Birth Control, Gay Unions"