          THEY'RE NOT LOVIN' IT  The corporate bigwigs at McDonalds were less than McLoving the fact that the word "McJob"   appears  in the Eleventh Edition of "Merriam-Webster Dictionary".  McJob is defined as "a low-paying job that requires little skill and provides little opportunity for advancement."  McDonald's CEO, Jim Cantalupo, sent an open letter to Merriam-Webster (via e-mail to media outlets) saying among other things that the term is "an inaccurate description of restaurant employment" and "a slap in the face to the 12 million men and women [who work in the restaurant industry]."  On Tuesday, the dictionary publisher said that it "stands by the accuracy and appropriateness" of its definition.  The company also cited references that show "McJob" being used in a variety of publications over a seventeen year period, including  The New York Times  and  Rolling Stone .    MONEY & MURDER  I happened to be watching CNN when they went to live coverage of the   verdict  reading in the trial of accused murderer Robert Durst.  Watching Mr. Durst's obvious relief when the "not guilty" verdict was read was an exercise in disgust.  Mr. Durst admitted in open court that he had shot his neighbor (he's not sure if it was an accident or in self-defense), panicked, dismembered his body and disposed of it in the Galveston Bay.  Not guilty?  In some of the remarkable comments that jurors made to the media, they claimed the fact that Mr. Durst had dismembered Mr. Black's body was "irrelevant".   Another juror made the follwing assertions:  "I could understand Durst's panic.  I can understand his drug-induced state. I can understand his life."  Too bad, they apparently didn't understand Mr. Black's death or Mr. Durst's strange and twisted past.  It's amazing and revolting that in this day and age, money can still purchase justice.   BOMBS OVER BAGHDAD  Is it my imagination--or has each day seen more and more aggression from the "opposition forces" in Iraq.  There have been so many explosions in recent days, that I have lost count.  Watching "News Night With Aaron Brown" becomes painful when they run their traditional service obituaries each night. It is truly a sad state of affairs.  In a related matter, there is an amazing   video clip  floating around the internet produced by the mysterious blogger "Salam Pax".  In addition to giving a personal face to "Pax", the nearly twelve-minute piece is thought-provoking and an interesting look at the current state of affairs in Iraq through the eyes of a citizen.   WORD OF THE DAY    hypozeuxis    HOT LIST  01.  Bound to become everyone's dirty little secret, check out the new webzine   Fleshbot  (NSFW).  If it curls your toes, chances are you'll probably find it there.  Famed blogger   Jonno , a/k/a Jonno d'Addario, is the Editor.   02.  Fox's   "24" .  I dare you to watch and not have your pulse race. 03.  CNN's   Nic Robertson . Astute, talented, engaging and sexy. 04.  Cool weather. 05.  "Rosie" magazine trial.