          A WORK IN PROGRESS  " I don't want my life to begin and end with being gay. "  This marvelous line comes from an Australian film entitled "  The Sum of Us ". That screenplay, and the original stage play upon which it was based, were written by David Stevens. The thing about this line is that it didn't hit me until my fourth or fifth viewing of the film. But then suddenly, I was witnessing my spiritual twin (the character of Jeff) on the screen uttering that line to his father in response to queries about what he wanted out his life. He'd just finished telling his father that falling in love wasn't easy and that he didn't want being a gay man to just be about sexual experiences. He enjoyed the company of children, elderly people, women....and wanted them all in his life. It's not all about walking through life with your penis in your hand.  For me, the discovery I was a gay man--.from the very outset--was always more than just a sexual identification or experience. Yes, it served as a frame of reference that would come to color the way the world and other people look at me. It also served as a lightning rod for my own expectations of what I wanted to accomplish with my life.  What I needed--and selfishly, what I wanted. I am now proud to say that I am a gay man.  Sadly, this was not always the case. In a world that is so filled with diversity and change, society at large still cherishes "sameness" and lives with conformity and status quo as comfort measures. I wonder if being "different", or being gay, will ever be easier? It is my sincere hope that for generations yet to come it will be.  In fairness, my lifetime is much easier than those that came before me. But we live in times where people still frown on the color of skin, fear the threat of the unknown or uncomfortable. We plot our lives over fields laced with ethnocentricity, predjudice, hate, war, and fear...and yet somehow, mankind continues forth. At times learning from our mistakes and in others settling to repeat them.  So, my life is not about being gay. Being gay is a part of my life. It is something that defines part of who I am and what I want. It wasn't a choice--just merely who I am. I intend to live my life as such. Again, this is the viewpoint that my experiences have brought me to. Some will agree and others will not. But for me, this is the essence of who I am.  The man I want to be. Yes, being gay can (and should be) an 'issue' to be politicized. But, just like any other minority group (be it of racial, sexual, political, or religious orientation), I have no more or no less right than any other to expect certain basic human rights. Unfortunately, our society is not there yet.   However,  I must live my life as my conscience, heart, and free will dictate. Every man, woman and child should have the same precious gift.  So do I consider myself an activist? Aah...there's a loaded word. Truthfully, I'm not sure. What I do know is that the experiences I went through--the lack of support, and the lack of an outlet to know what I felt and desired were okay--changed my life forever. Okay--a damned simple word. Okay. I am okay. You are okay. Gay is okay. Simple sentences based on concepts.  Concepts that societal programming, family, morality, religion, mental health, and the uneducated voices will have us believe are the exact opposite of the unequivocal truth.   So I'm not sure it is so much activism that pushes and drives an inner purpose in me. Mainly, it is the fact that I want to lead by example. To teach others who will walk in my shoes.  With equal respect, to be an example of a proud gay man for those who will trample on these worn shoes each step of the way. Instead of repeating disabling cycles that eventually claim the human soul, history should teach us the good and bad. It should also enable us to grow. In the end, it should teach us human acceptance and dignity. Human hope and tolerance. After all, what is this world but the sum of its parts.....the sum of us.  As I re-read the last paragraph, I thought to myself 'nice words....but...'. Maybe there is just a bit of innocence in those words? Maybe a tad too much faith in humankind? Maybe a bit too much self-righteous morality? In the end, I always reach the same conclusion when searching for the meaning in those words. Is that such a bad thing to believe that those words can be true? I believe that we live in a world that has proven time and again that we are a product of our own making. We certainly are influenced by others and forces around us. Perhaps we've come to rely on these influences as an excuse for our behavior? If we were to live our lives by heartfelt convictions and similar actions, then we lead by example instead of mimicry. Maybe then we have lived for a reason.  It is my belief that no man or woman is perfect. Life and living are about growth and expansion.  Fueled by knowledge gathered by our collective experience. I still find myself plagued at times by doubt and misinformed predjudices. It would be much easier for me to take that baggage with me to my grave than to try and find the folly of my ways. To err is human.  To accept error and take corrective action is not always humane. Until my last breath, I shall always be a work in progres.   THESE SOUNDS FALL INTO MY MIND  01.  You must beg, steal or borrow Gavin DeGraw's   "Chariot" .  It's great music and even better writing. 02.  You must buy Joss Stone's   "Soul Sessions" .  A voice that sounds years older--and makes you think about "soul" in a whole new way. 03.  Other sounds that deserve your consideration:  Cassandra Wilson's   "Glamoured" , Underworld's   "1992-2002" , Basement Jaxx's   "Kish Kash" , and Cyndi Lauper's   "At Last" .   I'M JUST SAYING  Amercian Heritage Dictionary's secondary definition of the word prostitution is " The act or an instance of offering or devoting one's talent to an unworthy use or cause ".  Look at any television channel, newspaper or magazine--and who do you see?   Britney Spears, Jessica Lynch, and Elizabeth Smart.  I'm just saying...