          VMAs 2003  First, I have to admit that I am a true blue Madonna fan.  That said, the opening number teaming Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Missy Elliott and Madonna was the highlight of the show.  The veils, the wedding dresses, the giant cake--it was all so over the top and oh, so much fun.  Madonna looked sleek in black (and wore the pointiest toe shoes I've ever seen).  The "Like A Virgin/Hollywood" number showed that twenty years later, Madonna still knows how to steal the show and set tongues wagging. Meanwhile,  MTV cameras were falling all over one another to get 'reaction' shots of Britney's ex, Justin Timberlake.   I imagine water coolers across America are abuzz with tales of 'the kisses'.  Every press account I've read goes out of their way to mention that the   busses   between the girls were 'open-mouthed'. I imagine that this picture of Madge and Brit will be plastered all over the place.      As for the rest of the show, a few notes and queries:  *Coldplay gave an impressive performance and deservedly won the three awards they were up for.  *Beyonce came close to giving a great perfromance.  But with all the hip gyrating and booty shaking, she appeared to be lipsynching.   *Chris Rock was generally sarcastic and rude to everyone who graced the stage.   *Who the hell thought it was a good idea to pair up Jimmy Fallon with the Queer Eye guys?   *The only presenter who didn't look or act like they were drunk and/or stoned was Kelly Clarkson.   *The Duran Duran "Lifetime Achievement" segment was a disaster. *Who knew that breasts would be the accessory du jour? *Rumors of Michael Jackson's financial woes were apparently confirmed when Jack Black shopped at his yard sale. *By the time Metallica closed doing garage band covers, the show had fizzled to the point I nearly fell asleep. *Missy Elliott deserved to win "Video Of The Year" for her visually stimulating "Work It" clip. *Do Jessica Simpson & Nick Lachey live at MTV? *Funniest Line:  Chris Rock pointing out that R. Kelly had to be seated in the balcony because the Olsen twins were in attendance. *Do Eminem and 50 Cent go to the bathroom together? *Snoop Dogg arrived with two women on leashes.  Apparently with that perm, it was the only way he could get them there. *When the puppets are more interesting than the presenters, you know you have a problem. *When do you become too old to watch MTV anymore? *Outkast arrived on a flatbed truck with a stripper pole installed.  Did they have a permit? *When did aspiring to be a pimp become so fashionable?  Did I miss the alert in 'Vogue'?  Does Anna Wintour know?   REMIX OF THE WEEK  The "djosos krost remix" of Junior Senior's "Move Your Feet" is a must have.  It takes chunks of Pet Shop Boy's "West End Girls" and fuses them with the already danceable Junior Senior track.  Very cool stuff...