          CONTINUING SIGNS OF THE APOCALYPSE--CHAPTER 9  Who's dumb now?  After Jessica Simpson became a national symbol of the stereotypical "dumb blonde" in her MTV series "Newlyweds", the tuna queen has now   landed  a sitcom development deal with ABC.  Can you imagine?  What could be funnier than her "real-life" ponderances on MTV?  Someone better call the Nielsen people now--because there's gonna be a  HIT  coming to primetime.   IT'S A GOOD THING  First, full disclosure:  I like Martha Stewart.  That being said, her hour-long   sitdown  with Barbara Walters was a compelling interview.  You have to give Ms. Walters credit for not lobbing a bunch of softballs at the doyenne of good living.  She asked the hard--at times nearly bordering on rude--questions.  I thought Ms. Stewart handled herself brilliantly.  It's still amazing to me, that the Secruties & Exchange Commission and the Federal Government have nothing better to do than chase around Martha for a $40,000 stock deal.  I mean the woman  was  a Billionaire!  I'm not really sure why--as Barbara asked her--so many people hate her.  I think she's a pretty cool chick.   SAVING JESSICA LYNCH  I have no plans to watch this docudrama.  But, I have to smirk when I read press reports of Ms. Lynch   saying  the U.S. military played up her rescue too much.  Questioned about her dramatic (filmed) nighttime rescue, Lynch is quoted as saying, " Yeah, I don't think it happened quite like that. "  You've got figure that's chapping someone's ass.  Curiously enough, an unnamed (aren't they all?) senior military official is on record to CNN basically saying that it was not their fault.  Said unnamed source denied that the military ever exaggerated the rescue. Inaccuracies in reports of Lynch's ordeal were the fault of the media, which reported the story with incomplete information.  Uh-Hummm....   VANITY FAIR-Y  I love    Vanity Fair   magazine.  In addition to great writing, they always have some spectacular photography.  The December 2003 issue has a cover story entitled "TV's Gay Heat Wave!".  The photographs of cast members of "Will & Grace", "Queer As Folk", "Queer Eye For The Straight Guy", "Boy Meets Boy" and "The L Word" are truly provacative and beautiful.  It's definitely a collector's keeper.   QUOTE OF THE WEEK  " "That's why I want to make it entirely clear, even though I can't refer to the specifics of the allegation, that it is totally untrue and without a shred of substance. "---Sir Michael Peat, Prince Charles's private secretary denying that scandal no one can talk about.   SWISS FAMILY ROBINSON  Last night, the Hallmark Channel showed that Disney chestnut "Swiss Family Robinson".  It's been years since I've seen the film--and it was great, cheesy fun.  Those pirates crack me up!