          THE COLOR OF GREEN  I'm finally at the point where I am actually looking forward to redecorating my bedroom.  To say my bedroom is large would be an understatement.  It seems I spend a lot of my time in that part of the house.  It's become a place where sleep is a secondary issue.  I watch television, listen to music and work there.  It's definitely a comfort thing.  Part of the problem in beginning this project is that I just have too much "stuff".  Nonetheless, I finally decided to tackle the project head-on.   The first order of business was to pick a new wall color.  My walls are textured stucco and have been a light golden sand color for much too long.  I've decided to rip out a closet, change the flooring, and add new shelving--but the one thing that was holding everything up was my indecision in picking a new color.  Who knew there were 50,000 paint manufacturers who produce 750,000 shades or variations on a color.  I kid you not, I've spent hours with palettes and swatches going through colors.  I decided I wanted a radical change.  So the light walls, dark floors and black furniture have got to go.  From the get go, I wanted a dark wall color.  I may regret it when it's all said and done, but I'm going with it.  I've chosen a color called "pinetop green", which is a very deep, dark green.  The ceiling will be done in a color called "mint julep".   The colors look very complimentary--at least on paper.  In between all the trips to home improvement stores, I've been looking at furniture.  I'm keeping the platform king-size bed and a custom-made ceramic tile desk I have now.  But, I'm leaning toward cherry as a wood choice for new furnishings.  Actually, "leaning toward" would be the wrong phrase as I've already purchased a beautiful ten drawer taboret in cherry wood with some great art deco antiqued brass hardware.  I saw it and had to have it.  Yeah, I'm weak like that.   RECENTLY SPOTTED ON A T-SHIRT  -- I Fought The Lawn and the Lawn Won (around a picture of dandelions) -- So Few Men...So Few Who Can Afford Me -- I Suffer Occasional Delusions Of Adequacy -- My Mother Is A Travel Agent For Guilt Trips -- A Man Did This To Me, Oprah (worn by a pregnant woman) -- My Son Just Came Out Of The Closet And All I Got Was This Lousy T-Shirt -- Remain.com -- Princess, Having Had Sufficient Experiences With Princes, Seeks Frog -- If You Can Read This, My Wife Fell Off (on a passing motorcyclist)   "BELIEF"   "Tonight, you arrested my mind When you came to my defense With a knife In the shape of your mouth In the form of your body With the wrath of a god   --"Belief" written by Gavin DeGraw