          THE ALPHABET SOUP OF SEX   "... Boys lean out the windows of pickup trucks yelling 'Dyke!' or 'Queer!' ... But instead of being frightened, I simply say, 'Thanks!"---Stacy Harbaugh, program coordinator for the Indiana Youth Group   There is an interesting piece written for the Associated Press entitled   "The Evolution Of 'Queer'"  that is being picked up by many media outlets.  The basic premise of the article is that the word "queer" has been been transformed from an anti-gay slur into a mainstream and hip term to refer to any sexual orientation beyond straight.  The article also delves into the issue of why the use of the word is still 'uncomfortable' in gay-straight conversation.  It's interesting that the spectrum of sexuality has been filtered so widely to include terms like "queer-eyed straight guys", "heteroflexible",  "omnisexual" and  "pansexual".    LIKE A SIEVE  It's time for another   scandal  in the hallowed halls of Congress.  On Wednesday, a Democratic staff memo vowing to expose what it said were the Bush administration's "misleading, if not flagrantly dishonest, methods and motives" in making the case for war in Iraq was leaked to the media.   The leak started the requisite finger-pointing between political parties.  I'm not sure why people are so shocked that such a memo would exist?  One thing I am sure of is that between the White House and Congress, there are more leaks in Washington than in a urinal.  Wait, I may be on to something here...   ROCK THE VOTE  I watched the "America Rocks The Vote" candidate forum twice.  While the questions ranged from insipid to redundant, there were several exchanges that led to some interesting dialog.  It was not a stellar night for Howard Dean.  Lieberman and Kerry seem to continue to come off stodgy and old-school.  Sharpton and Mosley-Braun had some great lines, but I think fall short on substance.  Edwards is interesting and likeable, but probably lacking the requisite experience.  Wesley Clark came across very well.  He gave impassioned answers, but avoid the bluster of some candidates.  He seems keen on showcasing the differences between himself and the others (right down to wardrobe choice).  I think he continues to be the front-runner.  I must say that I rather like Kucinich.  If I had to pick a "winner" of the "debate", he would probably be the one.  He surprised me with his steadfast views and obvious passion.  I just don't think he's a viable candidate to go against Bush.   THUMBS DOWN  01.  I love Madonna.  But, what the hell is that writhing she's doing on the floor in Ms. Spears latest video "Me Against The Music"? Ewww.  Oh and p.s., I hate the song. 02.  Fox's decision to cancel "Skin" was a bit surprising.  I actually liked the show.  Canning it after three episodes seems a bit hasty--especially when you consider their keeping "The Next Joe Millionaire". 03.  Enough media exposure for Jessica Lynch and Elizabeth Smart.  Please. 04.  I'm actually looking forward to Barbara Walter's interview with Martha Stewart.  But, ABC ill-advised publicity stunt of sending out a pre-show press release with the line "Martha Stewart says, 'I'm innocent.'" is just plain cheesy.