          ROUND TRIPP TICKET  On Monday, the federal government quietly   announced  that it was paying the infamous Linda Tripp (she of the Clinton/Lewinsky imbroglio) $595,000 to settle allegations that the Department of Defense   violated her privacy rights   when confidential information about her was disclosed during the Monica Lewinsky scandal.  Additionally, Ms. Tripp will receive three retroactive "outstanding" performance evaluations for her work in the Department Of Defense.  The evaluations will raise the amount of retirement benefits Ms. Tripp will be eligible for.  Talk about the pot calling the kettle black! The woman singlehandedly led the charge (with her surreptitious tape recording) to start of the impeachment proceedings against a sitting president.  We won't even go into how much the whole Ken Starr investigation and subsequent congressional hearings cost the American taxpayer.  Now, the hag gets to benefit even further for being a slithering snake.  Who ever said justice was blind (and apparently ugly) wasn't kidding.   THE REAGANS  Irregardless of what your opinion is or was of Ronald and Nancy Reagan (which in my case is not much), the cowardice that CBS is   showing  in the face of critics of its possibly upcoming movie project "The Reagans" is truly saddening.  Republicans and Conservatives are claiming that the telefilm portrays the Reagan's in a negative light and is filled with innaccuracies.  In response, CBS first demanded edits to the film which lead director Robert Allan Ackerman to leave the project.  Now, CBS Chairman Les Moonves is said to be considering either scrapping the project all together or moving it to pay cable channel Showtime (which is also a ViaCom owned venture.  Personally, I would not have watched the film to begin with.  But, I do find CBS's virtual lack of intestinal fortitude disarming.  As if every made-for-televsion movie ever presents a fair and balanced picture of its subject.  The fruition of any film project is obviously shaded by the writer, director and actors in the ensemble.  CBS's bowing to political pressure only shows its impudence for its viewers and their lack of trust in the intelligence of an audience to interpret a film and draw their own conclusions without it being spoonfed to them.   HUMAN HIV VACCINE TRIAL BEGINS  Twenty-four human volunteers in South Africa will begin a trial study for a potential HIV   vaccine .  The vaccination is derived from parts of a weakened strain of Venezuelan equine encephalitis and a harmless gene from a South African HIV strain.  It is hoped that this combination by entering human cells can stimulate the production of antibodies to fight off the AIDS infection.  A byproduct that is hoped to be realized is the creation of specialized cells dubbed "killer T-cells" that will identify and irradicate infected cells.  Roughly 11 percent of the population of South Africa--some 4.7 million people--are infected with HIV. An estimated 600 to 1,000 South Africans die every day from AIDS-related complications.   THE CONDOM SUSPENSION  A sixteen-year old Florida girl was   suspended  from her high school for wearing a Halloween costume that included a t-shirt covered in condoms.  The girl was given a three-day suspension (which was later reduced to one day) for "disrupting" class by handing out condoms to classmates.  The girl and her mother claimed she was promoting safe sex awareness.  Apparently, school officials did not agree.   AMERICA ROCKS THE VOTE  Tonight CNN and the Rock The Vote organization combine forces to bring the Democratic presidential candidates face-to-face with younger voters for "  America Rocks The Vote " from 7:00-8:30 p.m. EST.  The event, broadcast live from Boston, will incorporate in-house and on-line questions from younger voters in the hope of encouraging young men and women to become more politically aware and active participants in the political process.