          YES I AM  I spent much of this weekend with a dear friend.  I hadn't seen Michael in about a year.  It was so much fun catching up and getting reacquainted.  I adore Michael.  Truth be told, I had a major crush on him when I first met him in college.  Of course, at the time I would have never copped to it.  After we became very close friends, we spent a lot of time with a group of about ten others that formed our circle of friends.  We partied together.  Went to movies and dinners together.  About a year after meeting Michael, I found out he was gay. He'd just come out to his parents and was now telling his friends.  I was dumbstruck.  Here I was pining over a guy who I thought was straight--and all of that time, we were on the same team.  Needless to say, to this day, we laugh ourselves silly about this 'misunderstanding'.    In many ways, it was Michael's revelation that he was gay that finally set me on my own course to finding my sexual identity.  I finally knew someone who was openly gay--and the world still kept on its axis.  I guess I took his example to heart.  By the time of his revelation, we were such great friends that I don't think there was ever a possibility of having a romantic relationship.  Instead, what we had was more valuable to me.  He played a huge part in my learning to accept my sexuality and showing me that I didn't have to keep it a secret any longer.  I didn't have to be afraid to be who I was.  Somewhere between my sophmore and junior year, I can remember heading to an all night study session with friends.  Five of us loaded into my roommate's car and headed to a Village Inn pancake house that was our hangout.  I think there ended up being about four more carloads of people going along.  I was in a car with Michael and three other guys.  It would end up being a night that changed me forever.    When our car pulled into the parking lot, we stopped in front of one of the huge plate glass windows.  I remember looking in and seeing my roommate and a bunch of other friends already inside pushing tables together in preparation.  When the car engine stopped, another friend who was driving let out a laugh and said, "I just realized that everyone in this car is a homo."  In the back seat, Michael looked at me and he said aloud, " Well, we don't know if  everyone  is."  Of course, I knew immediately the only person in the car that there was any question about was me.  I don't remember who, but someone just flat out asked.  I'm sure I was stunned for a second.  "Yes, I am gay.", I replied after a silence that seemed to go on forever.  Then everyone started piling out picking up backpacks and books like nothing had ever happened.  A hell of a lot more happened that night for me than most of those guys will ever now.  Michael knew.  For the first time, I had admitted publically to the "thing" that had scared me for years.  It wasn't a secret any longer.  Of course, I know realize that it probably wasn't that big of a secret to most of the guys in that car--or anyone else for that matter.  In fact, that admission was more about overcoming my own fear.  After that night, Michael and I flirted shamelessly with one another.  We thought nothing of openly sharing affection for one another.  We met each others parents.  In the end, his friendship meant more to me than any sexual relationship could ever have.  We laughed about my unrequited crush then--and now.   Today, I'm just glad he's in my life.  I love you Michael xox.   BISHOP GENE ROBINSON  Sunday, Reverend Gene Robinson was   consecrated  as the Bishop of New Hampshire in the Episcopal Church.  Robinson becomes the first openly gay Bishop in the Anglican church worldwide.  During the ceremony, Robinson received his bishop's mitre from partner Mark Andrew.  The ceremony was  witnessed by a crowd of about 4,000 on the campus of the University of New Hampshire.    During the ceremony, three people came forward to make official protests.  I was most struck by the comments made by Rev. Earle Fox from the Pittsburgh Diocese.  Among his comments was the following claim:  " Whatever else homosexual may be, it is a behavior. We are forbidden to judge persons but are allowed to judge behavior. "   SKIRTING THE ISSUE  Michael Brick writes a humorous piece in Sunday's  New York Times  regarding his   experience  of wearing a Jean Paul Gaultier men's skirt around New York City. His piece was written in response to a new special exhibit opening at the Metropolitan Museum Of Art on Tuesday.  "  Bravehearts: Men in Skirts " examines the adoption of woman's fashion into men's wear.  While it is relatively common to see elements of a man's wardrobe in any woman's style arsenal, the reverse is a less common occurence.  The exhibit, which runs through February 2004,  at The Costume Institute looks at the taboo subject of men and skirts.    WORD OF THE DAY    botryoidal