          "TRUE FAITH"   "I feel so extraordinary Something's got a hold on me I get this feeling I'm in motion A sudden sense of liberty I don't care 'cause I'm not there And I don't care if I'm here tomorrow Again and again I've taken too much Of the things that cost you too much I used to think that the day would never come I'd see delight in the shade of the morning sun My morning sun is the drug that brings me near To the childhood I lost, replaced by fear I used to think that the day would never come That my life would depend on the morning sun...  When I was a very small boy, Very small boys talked to me Now that we've grown up together They're afraid of what they see That's the price that we all pay Our valued destiny comes to nothing I can't tell you where we're going I guess there was just no way of knowing I used to think that the day would never come I'd see delight in the shade of the morning sun My morning sun is the drug that brings me near To the childhood I lost, replaced by fear I used to think that the day would never come That my life would depend on the morning sun..."   --from the album "Substance" by New Order  As 2003 lurches to its last hurrah, I suppose it's only natural to reflect upon the world around you and your place in it.  This year has been one filled with change for me.  For the most part, changes that have only brought good things and made me a better person.  After ten years of twelve-hour-plus days, I finally left a career with the federal government.  When I left college it certainly was not where I thought my path would lead, but it was satisfying and rewarding experience on its own merits.  This year, I took stock of my life and realized that there were other things I wanted to pursue.  So I've slowed down to devote more time to writing and other artistic pursuits that just didn't fit into my hectic past life.  I've also decided I want to continue my education and resume my graduate work in economics.  Learning and the pursuit of knowledge has and always will be an important piece of who I am.  Sometimes I am frustrated that time does not allow all the things I wish to take on to coexist peacefully.  I'm happy where I'm at and I look forward to new experiences and projects.  While time is a finite thing, I hope that I use all of mine to the fullest.  As corny as it sounds, I found out that broken hearts do mend.  I don't think the wounds ever go away--and perhaps they serve a greater purpose.  But, the pain definitely subsides.  After taking most of the year to rebound from a four year relationship, I finally feel ready to proceed.  I've learned more about myself and what I need.  The biggest lesson I've learned is that while love is definitely a delicate dance of give and take--knowing when you've given enough and rightfully expecting a return does not make you a bad person. Love is such a funny thing.  It's so wonderful and yet so complicated.  I'm ready to share my life with the right person.  Not just a few weeks or months, but the rest of it.  Maybe I'm gullible to believe that true, lasting love exists.  But, I do believe it's possible (even for a gay man).  It's the time spent sharing all the things in your life you've worked for that make the rewards that much richer.  At 38, I've never quite felt "grown up" and I'm coming to the belief that this is a good thing.  To stop growing is to leave too much undone and unsaid.  As the morning sun comes up, I'm ready to move on.