          BLACK OR WHITE?  In a marketing ploy reminiscent of Willy Wonka's famed golden tickets, M&Ms will   lose  their color beginning in 2004.  In place of the usual rainbow of colors, M&Ms will only be colored black and white.  Set to be launched on Dick Clark's New Year's Eve shindig, the candy will appear in the monochromatic shades for a period of four to six months.  At some point, M&M's will release six special bags that will contain M&M's of the same color - one each for red, yellow, green, blue, brown and orange.  The owners of said bags are promised a grand prize (that has not as yet been announced).  While the contest is an obvious market ploy to raise sales of M&Ms in a flat chocolate market, there is also word that once the bags have been found a new palette of colors will be introduced by the company.  One can only assume the new color scheme will be more akin to the United Nations.   HILLARY & DUBYA  A joint CNN/USA Today/Gallup   poll  asked Americans which woman and man they most admired in 2003.  The open-ended poll question brought President George W. Bush 29% of the vote to win as the man most admired by Americans.  He beat out the likes of Secretary of State Colin Powell, Pope John Paul II and former President Bill Clinton.  However,  it was not a complete wash for the Clinton household.  Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton was the most admired woman with 16% of the vote.  Runner-ups included Oprah Winfrey, First Lady Laura Bush and Condoleezza Rice.  One assumes that Mr. Bush and Ms. Clinton will not be appearing on the same political ticket any time soon.   NEW HAMPSHIRE & ABORTION  The subject of abortion has become a political hotbed   issue  in the state of New Hampshire.  This spring the New Hampshire Legislature grappled with new legislation in regards to a minor's right to have an abortion.  At issue was whether parents of a minor had a right to be notified prior to an abortion being performed.  The anti-abortion lobby couched its argument as a question of a "parental right to know" while many saw this is as another attempt to chip away at Roe v. Wade.  The resultant legislation which required a notice two days prior to any procedure would have gone into effect on Wednesday.  However, yesterday a federal court judge struck down the law as unconstitutional.  Supporters say they will appeal the decision.  This decision comes on the heels of similarly struck down legislation in Florida and Colorado.   "THE KEEPERS OF THE HOUSE"  In a recent discussion/argurment regarding the hipocrisy of the reticent revelation of Senator J. Strom Thurmond's family acknowledging an illegitimate black daughter, I was reminded of Shirley Ann Grau's 1964 novel "  The Keepers of the House ".  At the time of its publication, Grau's work was met with   controversy  as the book detailed the story of a wealthy white man's 30-year love affair with a black housekeeper in rural Alabama.  The tale of an interracial love story met with threats from the Ku Klux Klan and outrage that a white woman would write about black characters.  Ms. Grau's book received the Pulitzer Prize in 1965.  While there are many parallels in this work of fiction with the Thurmond legacy, the story of William Howland takes the issue a step further.  In the book, Howland falls in love with and marries the black housekeeper.  However, he keeps the marriage a secret and passes off his light-skinned children as white.  It becomes a tale of racisim and familial relations and what secrets can do to a family.  Filled with a true morality play and seething rage,  Ms. Grau's novel has recently been re-released and should be a must-read.    ARTICLES OF INTEREST  01.    Admitting  you've sent up to 70 million spam e-mails a day and showing your face in  The New York Times  doesn't seem like such a smart idea. 02.  Paul Krugman makes some interesting points in his op-ed piece:   "Our So-Called Boom"  03.  The untimely passing of Canto pop diva Anita Mui from   cervical cancer    THE HOT LIST  01.  Charlize Theron's shocking turn as serial killer Aileen Wuornos in "  Monster ". 02.  Thomas Inskeep's memorable survey of 1980's number ones on Billboard's Black Singles Chart:   Rock Me Tonight  03.  Geoffrey Schramm's beautifully written and insightful weblog:   Fit to be Tied  04.  Alicia Key's 1970's infused smorgasbord of an album:   "The Diary of Alicia Keys"  05.  Awesome Robbie Williams   wallpaper  (link courtesy of J. Go at   Johnny A Go Go )