          BOYS DO CRY  On New Year's Eve, it will have been   ten years  since Brandon Teena was brutally raped and murdered.  Lisa Lambert and Philip Divine, who witnessed the acts against Teena were also murdered.  John Lotter and Marvin Nissen were both convicted of the crimes.  Lotter sits on Nebraska's death row and Nissen was given a life sentence.  Brandon Teena was murdered after the two men discovered that he was actually born a woman (Teena Brandon) and had been dating a mutal friend.  The events in Humboldt, Nebraska were dramatized in the 1999 film by Kimberly Peirce entitled "  Boys Don't Cry ".  The film was a powerhouse of emotion graced with dynamic performances by Hillary Swank, Chloe Sevigny and Peter Sarsgaard.  Ms. Swank would go on to win the Academy Award for Best Actress in a Motion Picture for her portrayal of Brandon Teena.  More importantly, the word transgendered suddenly found its way into vocabularies of people across the country.  If America was aware of transgenderism, they certainly did not fully understand the implications the word carried.  Ten years later, it could still be argued that being transgendered is no less difficult and no more understood.  While the past several years have seen culture and society dealing with the issues of homosexuality and bisexuality with mixed results, the plight of transgendered or intersexed individuals is a road that still leads to roadblocks, questions and misunderstanding.  In the years since Mr. Teena's death, progress has been made--but at the same time slowly.   According to   The Transgender Law and Policy Institute , hate crime laws in states and municipalities that specifically include transgendered people have increased from nine to an underwhelming 65, This year, California became the fourth state to adopt a law.  When one considers the number of states and municipalities that have not addressed the issue, the progress is somewhat muted and the need for change highlighted.    Gender discrimnation policies that include the transgendered are finding their way into large corporations like Hewlett-Packard and Nike.  In Congress, 145 congressional offices have adopted similar policies.  Slowly but surely, gender is becoming a civil rights issue.  People are finally realizing that sexual orientation and sexual identity are indeed two separate entities.  Perhaps people are ready to see two women or two men kiss or sleep in the same bed, but ask them to try and understand someone who is a cross-dresser, intersexual, or transgender and they're not sure what to do with that information.  Being a homosexual male, I've faced my share of homophobia and discrimination based soley on the fact of who I love or sleep with.  Yet, in the realm of the big picture, I have to know that what I've faced or dealt with only begins to open doors full of questions for the transgendered.  In fact, the homosexual/bisexual community is at times as non-forgiving as their heterosexual counterparts.      Paisley Currah , who is the executive director of the Center for Lesbian and Gay Studies at Brooklyn College perhaps puts it best when she says, "For a long time the gay movement was like, 'Well, that's an interesting problem, but it's not our problem. You folks are too weird. We don't want to talk to you.'"  The cringeworthy brutality of the Brandon Teena story and the inept way law enforcement dealt with his case brought many a new awareness of transgenderism.  When you stop and consider that police reports related to the rape and death of Teena referred to him as "it" and that his mother was originally awarded a sum total of $ 17,360 (later upped to $98,223 by intervention of the Nebraska Supreme Court) for damages because Teena was held partly responsible for his own death, your stomach cannot help but turn.  Nebraska for its part passed hate crimes legislation in 1997.  However, that legislation was found unconstitutional in 2000 based on a New Jersey case appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.  Sadly the law that was passed and then repealed made no mention of the transgendered.  This weekend, I pulled out my copy of "Boys Don't Cry" and watched it again.  It had been several years since I'd seen it and the experience was as moving and upsetting as it was the first time I watched it.  Sometimes it is so difficult to imagine the ugliness and hate that festers inside individuals.  It's repulsive to know that loving someone can get you killed.  It's sad that law enforcement is still of the mindset that a rape victim in some way "asked for it" (regardless of the sex or sexual orientation of the victim).  Watching the horror unfold in a film that I want to believe could not happen in "real life" today, I realize that prejudice and hate against the transgendered have not died in ten years.  For all of the awareness and progress we have made as GLBT community, the journey is far from over.  The journey for those outside the GLBT community is even longer.  For every Brandon Teena, there are faceless, nameless individuals who are harrassed, beaten and killed for nothing more than who they are.  This year a total of 18 transgendered individuals were killed in bias or hate related crimes according to the on-line group   Remembering Our Dead .    As 2003 draws to a close, I still cried for Brandon Teena.  But along with the tears came a sense of urgency, a dose of anger, and a renewed committment.  I don't pretend to understand the obstacles the intersexed and transgendered face.  Yet, I can relate to the struggle.  It is a struggle that binds us all together.  Human decency and human sexuality share more than mere humanity.  It's okay to cry.  It's good to not forget.  Then, it's time to do something.