          WOULDN'T EUCLID BE PROUD?  The College Board announced yesterday that the Class of 2003   scored  a 36-year high (519) on the mathematics portion of the SAT Exam.  While this is probably not noteworthy to most, it makes me very happy.  Not only does this signal that our schools are finally putting the proper emphasis on integratiing the necessary math skills in graduates, but it's affecting on a more personal level.  I graduated from college with degrees in Mathematics and Economics.    I still remember the quizzical looks I received from fellow high school classmates when we would discuss our college plans.  You what?  You actually want to take math classes of your own free will?  I guess I grew fascinated with numbers and math around the fifth grade.  From that point on, I took every math class that was available to me.  My high school was not a large one--so the math curriculum was somewhat lacking.  But, one woman--who was my teacher for four years in high school--would have a lasting impact on me.  Mrs. Trujillo sparked my curiosity and encouraged me to go beyond what was taught in class.  She made me fall in love with math all over again.  My absolute favorites would turn out to be Algebra and Geometry.  Five years of Calculus in college was challenging to say the least, but I even grew to like it.   Number theory gives me a headache.  But, math can give you interesting insights into problem solving and every day life.  It's amazing how many things around us have mathematical links or are directly influenced and driven by numbers.    Congratulations Class of 2003!   MONTGOMERY & MOSES  I've about had enough of the whole Ten Commmandments   circus   .  There hasn't been this much drama since Charlton Heston carried those styrofoam tablets in Cecil B. DeMille's opus.  Of course, most media outlets have fifteen minute updates on the 'situation' and film of the demonstrators flaying themselves upon the ground.  While, I generally am loathe to discuss religion--as it is one of those issues that seems to polarize people--I'm going to anyway.    The general uproar created by Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore is inexcusable.  How he ever got that 2.6 ton granite rock into a government building three years ago amazes me.   The little doctrine of the separation of church and state should have rang a bell in someone's mind.  Moore has said, "It's not about a monument.  It's not about religion. It's about the acknowledgment of almighty God."   But aye, there's the rub.  Justice Moore's God is not my God--or countless others I'd imagine.  This is where there is a fundamental conflict with religion and the judicial system in this country.  Just like every other issue (school prayer, the Pledge Of Allegience, the Oath of Office, etc.), there is an undeniable link to the tenets of Judeo-Christian religion.  So in one instance, you can possibly understand where Justice Moore and his supporters are coming from.  The solution?  Well, that's quite the problem isn't it?  In over 228 years as a country, we still struggle with this issue as a nation.  I guess in the end religion for me has been an interesting journey.  I come from a family that has its roots in Roman Catholicism for as long as anyone can remember.  I would characterize the core of my family as devout Catholics.  Having been baptized, confirmed and taught catechism lessons, I attended church services until I entered high school.  At that point--with the burgeoning realization of my sexuality and the lessons I had been taught by the Church--I felt a conflict so great that I made the conscious decision to stop attending organized services.  It was not a popular move on my part, but one that I needed to start a journey of finding my spiritual center.  Sparing a lot of detail that perhaps I will revisit one day, I came to a place where I found my God and my religion.  In the end, the organized Church had little to do with that.  I still consider myself to be a Catholic (even if the Church does not).  I do believe in a God.  Yet, I truly believe that each of us has to find our own place with issues of religion, a God and our own set of beliefs.  No matter what someone's faith is--or isn't, I try to honor that.  The important thing is that in this Country you have that freedom and right.  But, you also have an equivalent right to protect others who may not believe as you do.  You cannot force a relgious doctrine on a people.  Examples around the World have shown us the consequences when religion is spoonfed or persecuted.  In the end, Judge Moore's antics seem to be more about publicity than religion.  His indignation and refusal to surrender to the decisions of the courts shows his contempt for the very justice system he insists is  built upon the Ten Commandments and acknowledgement of one 'almighty God'.   FRANKLY FRANKEN  I happened to catch Al Franken on CNN's 'Newsnight With Aaron Brown' last evening.  He contines to amuse and delight me.  His word association answer on Ann Coulter was a chuckle.   The whole dust-up with Fox's Bill O'Reilly is rather humorous.  The ridiculous lawsuit that Fox tried to pursue against Franken over his use of the phrase "fair and balanced" was not.  In the end, Franken wins and his book,   ' Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right'   sits atop Amazon.com Bestseller's List.   BOY MEETS THE FIRE DEPARTMENT  James final "intimate one-on-one" dates are now over.  If they would have let those candles burn a bit longer, James wouldn't have to make a choice next week.  As it stands, I'm totally confused.  I have no idea who's straight or gay.  My damn gaydar is apparently in need of its 50,000 mile overhaul.  James seems to have the most chemistry with Wes--and yet there is a part of me that feels it is forced on Wes's part.  Brian is too nervous.  Franklin is an enigma.  My gut still says that Wes is the closeted straight boy (which at the same time seems totally improbable).  One thing I do know is that I felt for Andra when she heard the 'twist'.   QUEER EYE ON THE THE STRAIGHT GUY  Three words:  FUNNY AS HELL.   WORD OF THE DAY    aplustre