          OBLIQUITY'S TOP 25 SINGLES OF 2003  01.  "Beautiful"--Christina Aguilera 02.  "Cry Me A River"--Justin Timberlake 03.  "White Flag"--Dido 04.  "Hey Ya!"--Outkast 05.  "Feel"--Robbie Williams 06.  "If You're Not The One"--Daniel Bedingfield 07.  "Bring Me To Life"--Evanescence f/ Paul McCoy 08.  "The Scientist"--Coldplay 09.  "Amazing"--Josh Kelley 10.  "Move Your Feet"--Junior Senior 11.  "Miss Independent"--Kelly Clarkson 12.  "Where Is The Love"--The Black Eyed Peas f/ Justin Timberlake 13.  "Sexed Up"--Robbie Williams 14.  "Crazy In Love"--Beyonce f/ Jay-Z 15.  "Like A Stone"--Audioslave 16.  "Harder To Breathe"--Maroon5 17.  "Are You Happy Now?"--Michelle Branch 18.  "This Is The Night"--Clay Aiken 19.  "All The Things She Said"--t.A.T.u. 20.  "Are You Ready For Love?"--Elton John 21.  "Hollywood"--Madonna 22.  "Four Minute Warning"--Mark Owen 23.  "Somnambulist"--bt 24.  "Like Glue"--Sean Paul 25.  "Up Against All Odds"--Tarralyn Ramsey  Singles Artist Female 2003:    Christina Aguilera  Singles Artist Male 2003:    Robbie Williams    COLD MOUNTAIN  As much as I loved "House Of Sand And Fog", the odds on favorite for Oscar has to be "  Cold Mountain ".  Meticulously and seductively directed and written by Anthony Minghella (and based on the Charles Frazier book), the film is a visually arresting Civil War period piece.  The story of journeys made by the film's characters is beautifully photographed by John Seale.  Stellar perfomances from the troika of Law (Inman), Kidman (Ada), and Zellweger (Ruby) highlight a film filled with wonderful supporting perfomances from the likes of Natalie Portman, Brendan Gleeson, Phillip Seymour Hoffman, Giovanni Ribisi and Kathy Baker.  From the beautiful scenery of Romania (subbing for western North Carolina) to the beautiful score by Gabriel Yared, "Cold Mountain" is an epic story of war and relationships.  It's brutal.  It's beautiful.  It's just the kind of film Oscar loves.   THE CHRISTMAS STORY  I had a wonderful Christmas with my family.  One of the gifts my niece received was a karaoke machine.  We must have sang ourselves silly for hours and laughed up a storm.  It deteriorated into a public access radio show that was too funny for words. (Our traffic reporter, Nerd Roberts, was killed in a tragic helicopter accident--so very Dr. Romano).  We ate turkey, ham and all the trimmings.  Of course, we had no snow--but it was a wonderful Christmas nonetheless.  I received some great additions to my DVD collection: "Strangers With Candy", "Coupling", "24 (Season 2)".  I was also gifted a gorgeous globe, a fax machine, Armania Mania and a couple of GameCube titles among other things.  But I think if I had to pick my favorite gift this year, it would have to be this:   6-in-1 Kameleon Touch-Screen Remote .  This has to be one of the neatest pieces of technology to come along in a while.  I was overrun with a literal pile of remote controls.  Now, one sleek beautiful remote controls my television, satellite receiver, VCR, DVD, home theater system and stereo.  It looks fabulous too!   TOM SNEDDON: D.A. OR MEDIA WHORE?  Santa Barbara County District Attorney Tom Sneddon's gleeful abandon in pursuing Michael Jackson has sunk to new   lows  in its zealousness.  Whatever your opinion of Michael Jackson or the charges leveled against him, you cannot help but notice the unusual way his case is being handled.  Sneddon's original press conference was a textbook example of gloating.  Having media crews following the clerk filing charges against Jackson was pandering in its lowest form.  Rumors that Sneddon has hired a public relations group (The Firm) to orchestrate press appearances are troubling.  Now comes word that Sneddon has set up a website dedicated solely to the Michael Jackson affair.  Along with showcasing all relevant documents, the site has a FAQ section that has to be seen to believed.  Now many legal scholars are wondering if Sneddon has finally gone too far and compromised Jackson's right to a fair trial.  One can only speculate that Sneddon is looking forward to a time when he will be making the press circuit promoting his new book about the case.   ALBUM OF THE WEEK  Meeting great resistance at radio with its first single, Nelly Furtado's "  Folklore " is a gem of an album that has been overlooked by many.  "Powerless (Say What You Want)" is one of those songs that takes repeated listenings to appreciate.  But once you surrender to its magic, you've got an inkling of the wonders that await on the album.  Furtado infuses her music with new sounds and her Brazilian cultural influences.  More musical and experimental than her hit debut"Whoa, Nelly!", "Folklore" is a soundscape of beautifully cohesive and superbly written songs.  Among the stand-out tracks: "Build You Up", "Explode", "Picture Perfect", "Childhood Dreams" and "Island Of Wonder".  "Folklore" also sports an impressive supporting cast with guest appearances by world music greats Kronos Quartet, Bela Fleck, Jarvis Church, Michael Einziger and Caetano Veloso.  This is not so much an album as it is a beautiful journey.  Simply gorgeous.  Don't miss it.   WORLD IDOL  As an avowed "American Idol" fan, I was curious to watch Fox's Christmas special "  World Idol " (which concludes on New Year's Day).  It was interesting to see how the competition was viewed elsewhere in the world.  The singers ranged from bad to interesting.  The judges were far more amusing.  I don't think the Polish judge will ever be invited to any competition again.  Aside from the strong U.S. entry of Kelly Clarkson, I'd have to say that the only two who have a comparative chance at winning the title are the contestants from Norway and South Africa.  I also have to be upfront and admit that I have a new schoolgirl crush on 25 year-old   Heinz Winckler  of South Africa.  Those eyes.