          ANOTHER MADE-FOR-TV WAR MOMENT?  After days of U.S. media outlets showing footage of the infamous spiderhole that was alleged to be Saddam Hussein's hiding place and portraying him as a cowering rat, a new   take  on Hussein's capture is slowly finding its way into media reports.  Contradicting the claims that U.S. and British Intelligence led to the capture, a report Sunday in a British newspaper claims that Saddam Hussein was captured by an element of the Kurdish Patriotic Front, drugged and later abandoned for U.S. soldiers to find.  Hussein is said to have been betrayed by a member of the al-Jabour tribe in retaliation for a rape committed against his daughter by Hussein son Uday.  The newspaper quotes an unnamed British Intelligence officer as saying the report "exposes the version peddled by American spin doctors as incomplete".  The paper further claims that Hussein had been held a hostage for some time by the Kurdish group who was negotiating for power in the region.  It will be interesting to see what the U.S. official response will be to these reports.  Did they not learn anything after the Jessica Lynch fiasco?   ANGELS IN AMERICA  This weekend I watched all six hours of HBO's adaption of Tony Kushner's "  Angels in America " for a second time.  It was as stunning and moving the second time through--if not more so.  Mike Nichols's lyrical portrait of Kushner's searing words is as relevant today as it was when it debuted on Broadway.  The names and years may have changed, but much of the history and story is sadly the same.  While every cast member was extraordinary in their roles, I was completely mesmerized with Jeffrey Wright's turn as Belize.  Wright is a blazing tour-de-force worthy of award recogniton.  Scathing, bitchy, brilliant, compassionate, he takes a role he played on Broadway to an entirely new and nuanced level.  Mary-Louise Parker's Harper Pitt is a brilliant portrait of disintegration and rise as a phoenix of unfettered proportion.  Justin Kirk and Patrick Wilson are superb in their difficult roles.  I am so looking forward to the DVD presentation of the film.  Truly a movie--and experience--for the ages.    BEST REMASTERED RECORDING OF 2003      Make no doubt about it.  This is one album that  MUST  be in your collection.  This exquisitely remastered, repackaged set is one of the most exciting recordings of the past twenty-odd years.  Disc One provides a remastered version of the album as it first appeared.  Then all eight tracks are repeated in the original productions as helmed by Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards (of Chic fame).  Forget, that you get a second disc of extended, remixed material.  The original session recordings are worth every penny of the $29.98 this set that lists for.  Turn it up really loud and bask in the glow that is some of Diana Ross' finest work.