          TWO STEPS FORWARD, THREE STEPS BACK  The opening paragraph from a   piece  written by Katharine Q. Seelye and Janet Elder for today's  The New York Times  pretty much says it all:  " The latest New York Times/CBS News poll has found widespread support for an amendment to the United States Constitution to ban gay marriage. It also found unease about homosexual relations in general, making the issue a potentially divisive one for the Democrats and an opportunity for the Republicans in the 2004 election. "  Regardless of where your opinion falls on the spectrum of arguments for and against gay marriage, I don't think the recent poll data is that surprising.  In light of the recent Supreme Court decision striking down anti-sodomy laws and the Massachusetts Supreme Court ruling that same-sex marriages were permissible under the state constitution, a reasonable negative backlash should be expected.  Change of the status quo will always illicit uncomfort in many quarters.  However, the most insiduous blowback comes as this issue is seen as a political weapon by the Repulican Party.  In paragraph eight of  The New York Times  piece comes something more distressing than 71% oppostion to gay marriage from a religion perspective in any poll:  " The statement signals the White House's increasing confidence that it can exploit the matter in the presidential campaign, both to energize its evangelical supporters and to discredit the eventual Democratic nominee. "  The truly offensive marriage lies between the current White House and its evangelical supporters.  By exploiting  a largely uneducated and unaware populace, they hope to strike fear in Middle America.  By making homosexuality and a 'homosexual agenda' into campaign points, the Republican Party will use fear as a platform in their brand of compassionate conservatism.  While GLBT issues have made inroads in societal acceptance, the Republicans look to use homosexuality and marriage as a dividing force.    One can only hope that Americans are smarter than their government gives them credit for.