          HOUSE OF SAND AND FOG  Vadim Perelman's breathtaking directorial debut "  House Of Sand And Fog " opens today in New York and Los Angeles and will bow nationwide on December 26th.  I saw a preview of the movie about two weeks ago.  It just floored me.  So much so that after the credits had rolled, I was still firmly planted in my seat trying to wrap my mind around what I had just witnessed.  First, and foremost, Sir Ben Kingsley gives the finest performance of his career.  Yes, it's a performance that tops his masterful work in "Ghandi" and "Sexy Beast" in my opinion.  I dare you to take your eyes off the screen for a second when his portrayal of Massoud Amir Behrani--an exhiled Iranian military office--graces it.  The talented Jennifer Connelly (Kathy Nicolo) gives a heartbreaking performance as a woman fighting to escape years of addiction and a failed marriage.   A brilliant supporting cast in Shohreh Aghdashloo, Ron Eldard, Frances Fisher and Jonathon Ahdout complete the ensemble.  Based on the 1999 book of the same title by   Andre Dubus III , the story explores what the mythical American Dream means to people of seemingly unrelated backgrounds.  At the center of the story is ownership of a house--a house that Behrani and Nicolo have desperate reasons to claim ownership over.   The house is a small run-down bungalow, but the value it has to the lives of the two principles fighting for it unmeasurable.  The unwitting spiral that the characters fall into leads to a devastating  and heartbreaking zenith.  The film explores a clash of cultures, human needs, hope, despair and the ultimate tenet that more often then not the things that divide us are simply things we all share.  I would expect to see Academy Award nominations for Kingsley and Connelly, as well as a nod for the film in Best Picture.  If the Academy overlooks Aghdashloo it would be a crime.   Don't miss this film.  Compelling, uncomfortable, and tragic--it's truly one of the best of the year.   NOTES FROM HOLLYWOOD  01.  The long gestating "A Confederacy Of Dunces" is starting principal photography with Will Ferrell in the lead. 02.  Matt Damon has expressed interest in seeing a draft of the script for Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". 03.  Augusten Burrough's "Running With Scissors" screenplay is being crafted specifically for Julianne Moore.  Early word is "brilliant". 04.  M. Night Shyamalan will helm "Life Of Pi" once he completes work on "The Village". 05.  Akiva Goldsman is working on a second draft of the screenplay to Dan Brown's "The DaVinci Code". 06.  After ten screenplay drafts, "The Amazing Adventures Of Kavalier & Clay" is greenlighted with Stephen Daldry directing. 07.  "A Home At The End Of The World" is in post-production.  Word from the set is that this is Colin Farrell's finest work to date. 08.  Word is David Hare has completed a screenplay for Jonathan Franzen's "The Corrections". 09.  Warner Bros. is said to be mulling a sequel to 1985's "The Goonies".  The success of "Pirates of the Caribbean" seems to be the impetus. 10.  Rob Marshall's next film will definitely be "Memoirs Of A Geisha".