          HYPOTHETICAL AXIOMS  Say you're a 38 year-old gay man.  Say you've been in love twice in your lifetime thus far.  We're talking the truly, madly, deeply kind of love.  For the moment, discount the first time you fell in love with a man.  The second time you fell in love it was with a man who was eight days younger than you.  You fell in love with his personality first, the person second.  In the back of your mind, you let yourself believe that this is 'the one'.  This is the man that you will spend the rest of your life with--the picket fence and all the trimmings.  You have a great relationship for over four years.  At least, you thought it was a great relationship.  RULE #1:  You can never know what lurks in the heart or mind of man--especially when he doesn't share it with you.  So after four plus years, you discover that for the last two months he's been cheating with another man.  He doesn't have the decency or trust to tell you.  You find out by complete accident.  You suddenly question everything and everyone in your life for the last few years.  You're not sure what a broken heart is, but you know what it feels like.  The pain is excruciating.  The next few months are filled with arguments and hopeless attempts to right a wrong.  You both say you want to salvage what you once had.  In the end, you realize forgiveness is possible.  But, forgetting is improbable.  RULE #2:  Love can be mistreated.  Lovers can hurt one another.  Love isn't as forgiving as you are.  After the break-up, you make an ill-advised effort to continue contact.  You attempt being friends.  How the hell do you define friendship after you've had an intimate relationship with someone?  He's moved on with the person he cheated with.  You're bitter.  Yet, some self-destructive seed buries itself in your mind that you need this person in your life.  RULE #3: Sometimes love does cost a thing.  So why is any of this important?  Why is any of this relevant to you now.  It's been over a year since you've spoken to him.  You've finally moved on.  You've nursed your wounds and become a stonger person in spite of them.  You look forward to finding the person you're meant to be with.  You have many expectations--but none that are unreasonable.  Most importantly, you realize that you have a right to those expectations.  To settle for less is to lessen your worth.  RULE #4:  Despite the odds, love is possible and a goal to strive for.  You deserve as much love as you have to give.  Yesterday, you hit the button on the answering machine.  After a couple of non-descript messages, there's his voice.  He's "been thinking about you".  He "misses you".  He'd like to talk and leaves his new cell phone number.  You listen to message about five times.  Suddenly, you're nearly drowning in a flood of memories.  It's a test isn't it?  You write the number down on a scrap of colored paper.  You stare at it.  You erase the message.  You stare at the paper.  After what seems hours, you open a drawer in the desk and throw the paper back into a corner.  Despite your initial impulse, you don't call.  Surprisingly, you don't want to call.  With a note of sadness and a bounty of relief, you realize you will probably never call.  RULE #5:  Sometimes, it is about me.   NOTES ON 2004 GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINATIONS  01.  Not surprisingly, "Cold Mountain" receives a lion share.  Kidman, Law and Zellweger get much deserved nods. 02.  Actress in a Drama:  Surprising (and deserved) nominations for Cate Blanchett ("Veronica Guerin") and Evan Rachel Wood ("Thirteen") 03.  Actor in a Drama:  No surprises.  Ben Kingsley's turn in "House Of Sand and Fog" is the performance to beat. 04.  Actress in a Supporting Role: Clarkson ("Pieces Of April") and Bello ("The Cooler") are surprises. 05.  Actor in a Supporting Role: Thrilled for Peter Sarsgaard ("Shattered Glass").  Hopefully Academy voters will take note.  Complete   list  of 2004 nominations.