          HISTORY IS A CRUEL BITCH  On the 100th   anniversary  of Orville & Wilbur Wright's historic flight on Kill Devil Hills near Kittyhawk, North Carolina, an ill-advised re-enactment fell right out of the sky.  A meticulously rendered copy of the 1903 Wright Flyer stumbled down a narrow track and unceremoniously came to a halt in a mud puddle.  It could not get airborne. Despite a cheering crowd, the 12-second, 120-foot flight could not be replicated.  History, much like Mother Nature, does not like to be messed with.    IVY BLIZZARD?  On Wednesday, the U.S. forces in Iraq   launched  an operation codename: Ivy Blizzard.  The mission was launced to root out anti-coalition insurgents in the city of Samarra.  The raid netted 30 arrests of suspected terrorists.  Samarra, which is near Tikrit, has proved to be a thorn in the side of coalition forces.  While there is nothing spectaculary newsworthy about this operation, I felt duty bound to comment on it if for no other reason than its colorful name.  Operation Ivy Blizzard?  Who says their are no high ranking gays in the military? Please.   HERE'S A REAL COFFEE TABLE BOOK  Coming it at 133 lbs and measuring a mere 5 feet by 7 feet,   "Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Last Himalayan Kingdom"  is not only the world's largest book--but a photographic essay of one of the world's smallest countries.  Bhutan is the last intact Himalayan kingdom. The country is roughly the size of Switzerland, but has a population of nearly 700,000 people, Bhutan is often referred to as "the last Shangri-la" on Earth.  Hoping to document that pristine environment, scientists from MIT and Friendly Planet in four separate treks took over 400,000 individual photographs of the land and its people.  You can own a copy of "Bhutan" for a mere $10,000.00 (a fully tax-deductible charitable donation).  The real problem, however, is where you'll store it.   THE TRUTH CAN BE AN UGLY THING  During my morning sweep of the weblogs I read daily, I was struck by an insightful political commentary written by Mr. Geoffrey Saunders Schramm over at   Fit to be Tied .  Entitled "The Voice Of Reason", his essay makes a clear case for an ugly truth.  That hard-to-swallow fact being that recent geopolitical events and a highly unorganized Democratic Party favor a return of President Bush to the White House for a second term.  While the thought of this literally makes my skin crawl, the complacency of a disillusioned electorate and the seeping influence of conservatism may indeed sweep Bush back into power.  As Mr. Schramm points out, it is only by advocacy and each of us participating in the democratic process that change may have a fighting chance.  Unfortunately, many take that process for granted--or frankly don't care about their right to vote.  While I was torn for a short while between supporting the Clark or Dean campaigns, I feel that the most likely and effective nominee will be Governor Howard Dean.  I, too, will be working to make sure a Bush repeat does not come to fruition.