          THERE ARE MANY WAYS TO COME OUT OF THE CLOSET...  Yesterday in a   statement  issued throught the family's lawyer, the Thurmond family acknowledged that the late South Carolinian Senator J. Strom Thurmond  had sired an illegitimate child with the 16 year-old daughter of an African-American maid in the Thurmond household when he was 22 years old.  After withholding her story (despite rampant rumors) from the press until after Senator Thurmond's death at the age of 100,  Essie Mae Washington-Williams said at the urging of her children, she wanted to be acknowledged by the Thurmond family.  She said that she had kept her secret for so long out of respect for the Thurmond's family and career.  After an interview over the weekend with  The Washington Post , Ms. Washington-Williams had planned to hold a press conference later this week to ask the family to acknowledge her birthright.  Cutting her off at the pass, the Thurmond family released the following statement to the press:  " As J. Strom Thurmond has passed away and cannot speak for himself, the Thurmond family acknowledges Ms. Essie Mae Washington-Williams' claim to her heritage.  We hope this acknowledgment will bring closure for Ms. Williams. "  To say this is a revolting act by the family is an understatement.  Isn't that nice?  After 78 years, they hope to bring Ms Williams closure?  The fact that Thurmond was one of the strongest segregationists in the United States Congress and had sired a black child is the utter height of hypocrisy.  That Ms. Washington-Williams kept the Thurmond dirty little secret until after his passing out of a respect she clearly did not owe the man, speaks volumes about her character and integrity.  On the other hand, the family's callous statement is egregious in so many ways.   ...BUT, DON'T DO IT IN THE NFL  Former NFL player, commentator and current president of the Detroit Lions Matt Millen is making more fans.  Millen issued an   apology  on Monday for using a derogatory term for gays in a heated exchange with Kansas City receiver Johnnie Morton. According to the  Kansas City Star , Millen and Morton had a hostile post-game exchange outside Kansas City's locker room Sunday.  Millen was overheard by at least two witnesses yelling:   " You faggot! Yeah, you heard me. You faggot! "  Nice.  People actually wonder why gay professional athletes aren't lining up to come out of the closet?  Millen said in his apology, " He made an inappropriate remark, and I reacted inappropriately.  I said something I shouldn't have, which was wrong, and I apologize for that. And I apologize to anybody that I offended with that remark. "   Gee thanks, Mr. Millen.  For his part, Morton is quoted in press reports as saying, " What he said is demeaning and bigoted.  Jeremy Shockey got in trouble for saying it about a coach [Bill Parcells], and now we have a president of a team making statements like that. It's totally unacceptable. I have gay friends, and I don't even joke around with them like that. "    MUST READ OF THE DAY  Dudley Clendinin's insightful piece in  The New York Times :   "AIDS After ’Angels’: Not Gone, Not Forgotten"