          WONDER IF SHE'LL GET AN INVITATION NEXT YEAR?  It's probably a safe bet that singer Lauryn Hill will never be invited to the Vatican again.  Hill was one of the invited   performers  to the 11th Annual Vatican Christmas Concert.  In front of an audience of 7,500, including many senior church officials, Ms. Hill used a part of her stage time to read from a prepared statement.  Among the choice remarks:  " I'm not here to celebrate, like you, the birth of Christ, but to ask you why you are not in mourning for his death in this place?  Holy God has witnessed the corruption of your leadership, of the exploitation and abuses which are the minimum that can be said for the clergy. "  The gala concert is usually run on Italian television on Christmas Eve.  It is thought that Ms. Hill's commentary will be excised from the telecast.   ARCHIMEDES & THE STOMACHION  In a story that could only appeal to a mathematician (like me), comes the solution to an age-old dilemma.  Archimedes was an important Greek mathematician who 2,200 years ago wrote a treatise entitled "  Stomachion ".  Long forgotten and dismissed as unimportant, the theories in the document seemed lost to obscurity.    Now comes word that a math historian at Stanford, Dr. Reviel Netz, came across the Stomachion text in an ancient parchment which had been overwritten by monks and was damaged by mold.  The Stomachion reveals an insight into the relatively new filed of combinatorics.  Combinatorics is the study of how many ways a given problem can be solved.  The Stomachion specifically dealt with a problem of fourteen irregular shapes of paper that were to be pieced together to form a square (a wonderful   graphic  illustration of the problem).  After six weeks or intensive research, Dr. Netz and his team were able to solve Archimedes' lost problem.  The answer: 17, 152 combinations.  This discovery is significant in that fact that the original text of Archimedes treatise was found in an ancient palimpsest in a monestary in Constantinople and passed through at least three different owners before Netz's discovery. It also confirms that Archimedes was a true mathematics pioneer doing work on the theory of combinatorics long before the field was established in the age of computer science.  Great stuff!   GREAT FILMS NOT ON DVD  There's a great piece in today's  The New York Times  by Fred Kaplan   bemoaning  the fact that many important and classic films have not found their way to the DVD format.  In Kaplan's discussion of a "most wanted" list, he notes that not a single film of the revered Marx Brothers or Astaire-Rogers catalog is available on DVD.  Among the list of great films on Kaplan's list: "White Heat", "The Magnificent Ambersons", "Ninotchka", "La Dolce Vita", "Gaslight", "The African Queen", and a long brewing remaster and revision of "Blade Runner".   HOW TO LOSE A MILLION DOLLARS  The seventh season of "  Survivor " came to a close last night with the crowning of 29 year-old Washingtonian Sandra Diaz-Twine.  She was picked by runner-up Lillian Morris to face the jury in the final voting.  First, I have to say I'm thrilled that the idiot that was "Johnny Fairplay" didn't make the final two.  Secondly, I've never seen a person hand over the prize as convincingly as Lillian did.  Many will argue her first mistake was to pick Sandra over Jon after winning the final immunity.  However, I think she would have lost either way after her irratating and sanctimonious appearance before the jury.  By the time the vote happened, I wanted Liliian to shut up.  She completely imploded any chance she had.  I think she alienated practically everyone with her self-serving comments.  If she mentioned the Boy Scouts one more time, I was hoping someone would pick up a torch and hit her with it.  I think the 6-1 vote says it all.   THE HOT LIST  01.  "  Angels in America " 02.  Diane Keaton in "  Something's Gotta Give " 03.  Thomas Inskeep's great music commentary at   Oh Manchester, So Much To Answer For  04.    Bare Escentuals Buzz Latte Lip Balm  05.  The new YB redesign:   Bradford Shellhammer