          ROSIE, GRUNER + JAHR & GAY MARRIAGE  In an interview that will be broadcast today on Sirius OutQ (the gay and lesbian talk channel on Sirius Satellite Radio), Rosie O'Donnell   tells  Michelangelo Signorile that her position on the issue of gay marriage has done an about face.  Interviewed for the "The Michelangelo Signorile Show', O'Donnell says that the recent legal scuffle with the publishers of her now-defunct magazine made her reconsider her personal stance on gay marriage.  Specifically O'Donnell says:  " I have a partner, a wife, which is strange word for me to use. I never really used it until I got sued. And you want to know why? If you are a heterosexual talk show host and you're sued by a major corporation, anything you have said to your husband is privileged information. But if you are a homosexual talk show host and you're sued by a corporation, anything you have ever said and/or written to your spouse, partner, or wife is allowed to be entered into the record. It is totally unfair. And never in my wildest dreams -- if you said to me you're going to become an advocate for gay marriage, I'd say you're on crack. "  The interview is scheduled to run between 1-4 p.m. EST today.   BUSH & BLACKMAIL  One can only try to imagine the imbeciles that are   propagating  the Administration's "new" policy in "post-war" Iraq.  The true folly of the recent--seemingly incongruent--announcements by the Pentagon and the White House is nearly mindnumbing.  Don't these people communicate with one another?  One day after the Pentagon published a directive that excludes countries who did not support the U.S. war effort in Iraq from bidding on $18 billion in American-financed Iraqi reconstruction projects, the President turns around and asks the same countries (France, Russia, Canada, Germany, et.al.)  to forgive and forgo millions of dollars of debt owed them by Iraq.   Even more embarrassing is the fact that the Pentagon published the new directives on its website only hours before Mr. Bush was scheduled to ask world leaders to receive James A. Baker III [sidebar: One can only imagine that phone call: "Daddy....Help!"] who is heading up the effort to resuscitate Iraq's flailing economy and wipe out massive debts.  The White House is on record as saying they were 'surprised' at the timing and blunt wording of the Pentagon's directive.  Which leads one to wonder who exactly is in charge here?   Of course, the Administration has informed protesting countries that they would be eligible for bidding on rebuilding contracts if they would only kindly offer political or military support in Iraq.    I'm so disgusted I don't have the energy to rant over the fact that the United States government is paying the Halliburton Company an average of $2.64 a gallon to import gasoline and other fuel to Iraq from Kuwait--more than twice what others are paying to truck in Kuwaiti fuel.  Talk about your friends in low places...   MEMO TO CBS  Dear Mr. Moonves:  On Wednesday, the National Archives   released  240 hours of tape recordings from the Nixon Administration.  Among the chesnuts included is the following scintillating conversation between President Nixon and H.R. Haldeman:  " Reagan is not one that wears well, " Nixon said.  " I know ," Haldeman agreed.  " On a personal basis, Rockefeller is a pretty nice guy, " Nixon said. " Reagan on a personal basis, is terrible. He just isn't pleasant to be around. "  " No, he isn't ," Haldeman said.  " Maybe he's different with others, " Nixon said.  " No, " Haldeman said.  " No, he's just an uncomfortable man to be around, " Nixon said, " strange. "   When CBS begins filming its highly-anticipated sequel to "The Reagans", please consider adding this colorful insight to your teleplay.   CHRISTMAS COMES EARLY  It seems I can never complete my annual Christmas shopping list without pretending to fight a losing battle with self-indulgence.  I'm so weak--or I just really like myself.  This year, I gave myself a   GoVideo 7" portable DVD player .  Thanks, self.   THE HOT BLOG  Do yourself a favor and check out the winning " Blah, Blah Black Sheep " over at    chrisafer.com  .  Chrisafer is a witty and intelligent Public Relations wizard from Washington, D.C.   His writing is fresh and insightful--and one would expect nothing less from an English major.  The clever 'Black Sheep Of The Day' is a great feature.  His blog is one of my favorite daily reads.  Check him out!   OBLIQUITY'S TOP TEN ALBUMS OF THE YEAR  01.  "Escapology"--Robbie Williams (April 2003) 02.  "For The Ride Home"--Josh Kelley (June 2003) 03.  "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below"--Outkast (September 2003) 04.  "Life For Rent"--Dido (September 2003) 05.  "Bare"--Annie Lennox (June 2003) 06.  "Want One"--Rufus Wainwright (September 2003) 07.  "The Soul Sessions"--Joss Stone (September 2003) 08.  "Measure Of A Man"--Clay Aiken (October 2003) 09.  "Identity Crisis"--Shelby Lynne (September 2003) 10.  "Meteora"--Linkin Park (March 2003)  Honorable Mentions: "Thankful"--Kelly Clarkson, "At Last"--Cyndi Lauper, "Chariot"--Gavin DeGraw