          THE ABERCROMBIE COVER-UP  On December 2nd, A&F Spokesman Hampton Carney   announced  that the retailer would pull copies of the  Abercrombie & Fitch Quarterly: Christmas Field Guide 2003  from store shelves to allegedly make room for the introduction of a new fragrance called NOW.  Meanwhile, conservative watchdog groups such as the Cincinnati-based  National Coalition for the Protection of Children & Families claimed victory as having run massive grassroots campaigns threatening the boycott of the retailer if the popular  Quarterly  publication was not pulled from stores.  At the time of these conflicting statements, Carney went to great pains to stress the corporation's official stance:  " All the models are 18 and over and customers have to be 18 and over in order to purchase the issues.  Our spring quarterly will be back in stores mid-January and everyone will see that there's no change in our editorial policy. We will still have butts and partial nudity. "  With over 200,000 copies of each  Quarterly  in circulation (with over half of that figure coming from in-store sales), it's no wonder A&F's 650 outlets prized the publication.  The wonderfully photographed magalog is known for its gratuitous use of nudity and sex, blatant homoeroticism and celebrity profiles. Many argued the latest edition crossed the line of good taste with an article devoted to oral sex.  Whatever the case, it's amazing how Abercrombie & Fitch's tune has changed in a span of a few short days.  On Tuesday, A&F released a public    statement  announcing the demise of the  A&F Quarterly  altogether and the halting of publication of the apparently offensive holiday issue.  In the carefully worded statement, A&F now says:  " While it has enjoyed success with the Quarterly over the years, the company believes it is time for new thinking and looks forward to unveiling an innovative and exciting campaign in the spring. "   With the recent hoopla over "The Reagans" biopic and CBS's submitting to conservative groups in not airing the program, A&F's decision continues to mark an alarming trend of media and consumer outlets surrendering to pressures from a conservative minority.  As if A&F really had to worry about major revenue loss from a group like the National Coalition for the Protection of Children & Families?  If those parents were so concerned, they wouldn't let their kids wear the clothing to begin with.  What's next?  The demise of Lane Bryant catalogs because plus-size models are offensive to skinny Victoria's Secret models?  A&F knew from the start that the sexuality of their advertising drew their target audiences in.  What they have now done amounts to shooting themselves in the ass--a big, naked ass.   SHIRIN EBADI  The winner of the 2003 Nobel Peace Prize,   Shirin Ebadi , gave a wonderfully poignant and impassioned speech at the formal acceptance ceremony in Stockholm, Sweeden.  Ms. Ebadi, who is of Iranian descent and becomes the first Muslim woman to ever win the prestigious prize, was careful not to directly name the United States in her remarks.  But, I think they brilliantly and scathingly speak for themselves:  " In the past two years, some states have violated the universal principles and laws of human rights by using the events of September 11 and the war on international terrorism as a pretext.  Regulations restricting human rights and basic freedoms ... have been justified and given legitimacy under the cloak of the war on terrorism. "   " Why is it that in the past 35 years, dozens of U.N. resolutions concerning the occupation of the Palestinian territories by the state of Israel have not been implemented properly?  Yet, in the past 12 years, the state and people of Iraq, once on the recommendation of the Security Council, and the second time in spite of U.N. Security Council opposition, were subjected to attack, military assault, economic sanctions, and ultimately, military occupation? "    THE RULES OF GOTHAM?  A couple of days ago a post on the   Gothamist  weblog raised eyebrows around the blogging community.  Entitled "Gothamist Notes 1: What Not to Do When You Blog", the post details the 'rules' of blogging.  I'm not sure if it was meant to be taken at face value or with tongue-in-cheek.  What I do know is that I have apparently violated most of the rules in the short few months I've been writing Obliquity.  As with accounting, it appears there is now a "Generally Accepted Blogging Principles" (GABP) manual.  It also appears that I fucking don't care.