          THE SCOOP  According to knowledgeable sources, the first actor to show interest in Ang Lee's next film "Brokeback Mountain" (based on the award-winning E. Annie Proulx short story of the same name) is very close to signing on to the project.  The highly anticipated film tells the story of a love affair between a ranch hand and rodeo star.  The same-sex love story was thought to face a huge stumbling block when it came to casting A-List talent. Obliquity has learned that none other than Joaquin Phoenix is in talks with the Lee as he scouts locations.  The exact role he would play has not been determined.   ROSA PARKS  On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court   refused  to hear the case of LaFace Records v. Parks, 03-504.  The silent refusal sends the case back to a Federal Court judge and allows Ms. Parks, the 90 year-old civil rights activist to persue legal action against the R&B/Hip-Hop group Outkast.  Ms. Parks has claimed that a 1988 track entitled "Rosa Parks" violates her rights of publicity and trademark--and further defames her.  The track which appears on Outkast's album "  Aquemini " does not mention Ms. Parks by name in the lyrics but does contain the line "Ah-ha, hush that fuss. Everybody move to the back of the bus."--an obvious reference to Ms. Parks famed act of civil disobedience by refusing to give up her seat on a bus in Montgomery, Alabama in 1955.  Ms. Parks wishes to have all references to her removed from future pressings of the album.  Outkast and LaFace Records claim that song does not violate Ms. Parks rights and is protected by freedom of speech.  The fact that it has long been known that "Rosa Parks" was a song written about the entertainment industry and it's alleged treatment of black artists does seem to lend credence to Ms. Parks claims.  The fact that entertainment artists, who regardless of skin color, make millions of dollars hardly seems a comprable experience that endured by Ms. Parks.  This will be an interesting case to follow.   A WAR OF NUMBERS  Two U.S. bases were   targeted  by suicide bombers in Northern Iraq Tuesday morning.  At least 43 soldiers suffered injuries from glass and shrapnel.  The continued escalation of rebel forces throughout Iraq should be extremely troubling to the Bush Administration.  Once claiming that major resistance was contained to the Sunni Triangle area, recent days and events have proved otherwise.  The rise of the dead and wounded counts seems to be spiraling upwards.  The discontent of a confused Iraqi citizenry should hardly come as a surprise to the coalition forces.  For each day that occupation continues, that discontent will breed and mutate like a virus.  Unfortunately, the infection rate will be exponential.     While the Administration has signaled a new found desire to leave Iraq as soon as possible, it belies the facts that it faces on the ground.  While they have detested the press use of the word quagmire, it has become just that.  It would be inhumane to pull out quickly.  It becomes intolerable to stay put.  Millions of families will be without loved ones this holiday season.  The future remains murky and by all accounts less than hopeful.   OZZY'S TROUBLES CONTINUE  Coming on the heels of recent admissions that he was molested as a child and that he was indeed addicted to prescription drugs through much of the filming of the MTV show chronicling the misadventures of the Osbourne clan, Ozzy has now been   injured  in a serious ATV accident on the grounds of his British estate.  Suffering a broken collarbone, several ribs and vertebrae, Osbourne had emergency surgery to repair blood vessel damage caused by the broken bones.    QUICKTAKES  01.  ViaCom owned CBS & MTV will   team  up to produce the half-time show for the 2004 Super Bowl in Houston. 02.  Many media outlets are   abuzz  that former Vice-President Al Gore will endorse Howard Dean as his candidate of choice in the Democratic Presidential race. 03.  An interesting   piece  in  The New York Times  about the costs and benefits of President Bush's highly-touted Medicare revamp. 04.  From the multi-talented artist Drub, the must-have holiday   cards  on every naughty boy's list. (PNSFW)   DEAR SANTA  Besides that iPod I wanted, could you possibly see it in your heart to bring me a   Bradley Cooper  doll?  I wouldn't presume to ask for the real thing as I know I haven't been "that" good.  (Honesty should count for something.)