          THAT PESKY BUG  Starting Thursday evening, I could tell something was not quite right.  I was excessively tired and cranky.  By Friday morning, I had a low-grade fever and joint achiness.  Even though I had my influenza vaccination earlier in the season, I apparently had a minor case of the flu--or at least flu-like symptoms.  So I spent most of the weekend in bed.  After a multitude of pills and extended sleep, I'm finally starting to feel like my old self again.  It appears that Texas, New Mexico and Colorado have been hard hit with the influenza virus.  Though predictions are that this could be one of the worst flu seasons across the country in many years.  If you haven't already had a vaccine, you may want to consider getting one.  I used to be one of those who refused to take it.  But after seeing the positive effect it can have on warding off or at least lessing symptoms, I subject myself to the annual poke.   COLTS CORRAL AFC-SOUTH LEAD  The   Indianapolis Colts  stood their ground in a hard fought victory over the Tennessee Titans on Sunday.  It was an extremely physical game and despite a great push by Steve McNair in the fourth quarter, the Titans fell to the Colts by a score of 29-27.  For the Colts, who are now 10-3 and have what amounts to a two-game lead over the Titans (by virture of winning both of their showdowns), it was a great display of teamwork and gritty effort.  I don't think I've seen a game with more players down with injuries from the hard-hitting play.    Peyton Manning  was in great form.  Marvin Harrison made an unbelieve one-handed 42 yard catch in the 3rd Quarter.  Mike Vanderjagt kicked five field goals making him 37-for-37 on the season, and three kicks from tying a NFL record.  Meanwhile, the Titans chances soured with four turnovers (three on special teams play).    JOHN MAYER  I've really been listening to   John Mayer's  "Heavier Things" a lot of late.  Though I have thoroughy enjoyed his prior releases ("Inside Wants Out", "Room For Squares" and "Any Given Thursday"), I think "  Heavier Things " raises Mayer's stature to one of the best musician/writers out there at present.  Engineered by Jack Puig, the album is a tight package of ten quality tracks that drill right into your head.  Among the standouts: "Something's Missing", "New Deep", "Come Back To Bed and "Wheel".  Mayer's Winter Tour will hit New Mexico on February 25th with Maroon5 as the opening act.  I've been a fan of "Songs For Jane" since it's release, so I'm looking forward to both acts and what should be a great show.   COLLATERAL DAMAGE?  The   deaths  of nine innocent children aged 8 to 12 by U.S. rockets fired from an A-10 in the Ghanzi Province of Afghanistan is going to do little to sell the rhetoric that U.S. and coalition forces are there in the best interest of the Iraqi people and its neighbors.  It also once again brings into question the veracity of intelligence and sources used for these raids that are said to be targeting Al Qaeda operatives and Taliban forces.  The news just never seems to get better.  The U.S. and coalition casualities continue to climb--and who knows how many innocent victims have been claimed in the name of freedom.    ALIAS  * spoiler alert * Bradley Cooper returned last evening to his role of Will Tippin on ABC's   Alias  in an episode entitled "Remnants".  Sporting a new sleek, beefed up look, Will has been in a witness protection program and now known as Jonah.  Syd seeks out Will when she realizes Will has information she needs to continue piecing together her lost memories.  Bringing back Will was interesting on several counts.  He was given the chance to get the ultimate revenge on Allison (Merrin Dungey).  He and Syd had a sexual interlude (!).  The mysterious St. Aiden is revealed to be none other than Lazarey--the man Sydney supposedly murdered as Julia Thorne.  The evil Sark (David Anders) tracked down Brezzel (David Cronenberg) leaving him to overdose on morphine.  Sark tracks down Lazarey (who is his father) and tortures him to find out where Syd and Will are headed.  Along the way, Lindsey is killed in a double cross engineered by Sloane and a container of human tissue etched with the name Milo Rimbaldi is unearthed. Whew!