          BRIGHT YOUNG THINGS  Out British actor Stephen Fry will unspool his directorial debut in the United States in early 2004 at the Sundance Film Festival.  The film "  Bright Young Things " was adapted by Fry from the Evelyn Waugh novel "  Vile Bodies ".  Featuring a rich cast including Emily Mortimer,  Stephen Campbell Moore, Dan Ackroyd, Jim Broadbent, Simon Callow, Stockard Channing, Richard E Grant and Peter O'Toole, the film is a brim-filled, fast-moving social satire that has been deftly envisioned by Fry.  While the film is set in 1930's Great Britain, it breaks the mold of staid period pieces with dashes of intrigue and laugh out loud humor.  Never have gossip, scandal, cocaine and sex looked so delicious or outrageous.  It's a wonderfully executed film by Fry and I hope that U.S. audiences will have the chance to experience "Bright Young Things".  Sundance runs January 15th through the 25th in Park City, Utah.   QUEER EYE FOR THE BUSINESS GUY  The second week of January will see the roll out of a new magazine entitled "  Echelon ".  The new business magazine intends to profile gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered business professionals, as well as relevant business news.  It will debut as a bi-monthly publication with a cover price of $3.99 and will first be distributed in ten key markets.  Publisher Michael Lamb was quoted in a Reuters interview as saying, "We want to be recognized for something other than our political advocacy, our partying and our entertainment.  We do work every day, we do own businesses and we do pay taxes."   THE SIMPLE LIFE  The debut of Fox's latest reality-based program, "  The Simple Life ",   finished  a strong second in its timeslot according to the network.  The premiere scored an estimated 8.1 rating, which roughly equates to 13 million viewers.  It was runner-up to the second half hour of "JAG".  It's no surprise that the show chronicaling Paris Hilton's and Nicole Richie's travails on an Arkansas farm did garner wins in the key advertising demograhic brackets--winning the highly coveted 12 to 17, 18- to 34-year-old and 18- to 49-year-old age groups.   KRZYZEWSKI RULES  Major props to Coach K. and the    Duke Blue Devils  for their convincing   win  over Michigan State, 72-50.   WORD OF THE DAY    syzygy