          TOM CRUISE &  THOSE  RUMORS  In the December 2003 issue of    Details  , Tom Cruise is the coverstory in an article entitled "Tom Cruise Sets The Record Straight".  Clearly, the interview was given in anticipation of his new film, "  The Last Samurai ".  Offhandedly, the article refers to Mr. Cruise's penchant for lawsuits and those continual rumors of his sexual orientation.  The following passage from that article was intersting to me for several reasons:  " By now, with both lawsuits having been resolved in his favor, Cruise says the questions about whether he is gay should finally fall away.  'Am I? No. Of course I'm not.  If I was, how am I going to win the lawsuit?  If it's the truth, it's the truth. Who cares? If it's true, it's true, but it's not. "  Now, I could frankly care less if Mr. Cruise is or isn't.  However, the faulty logic in his statement is rather glaring.  Obviously, of course he's not.   Whatever.   DO THESE PANTS MAKE MY ASS LOOK BIG?  Someone has created a monster.  An army of poseurs clinging to the label of 'metrosexual'.  Men who are suddenly jamming gaydar signals around the world.  They must be stopped.  They must be killed.  Of course, I'm just kidding.  I think.  But, this weekend I had my fill of metrosexuality.  I attended a function with several colleagues whom I used to work with in the field of risk management (which seems like another lifetime ago).  It was nice to catch up with old acquaintances.  It was, however, something of surreal experience.  Being gay in that field of work was not something that was looked upon very favorably.  For the most part, very few people that I worked with knew that I was gay--and there were very few gays or lesbians in our division.  My colleagues and circle of friends were a mixed group.  Everyone knew who was what and was fine with it.  Most of the time, we kiddingly harrassed one another with off-color sexual innuendo.  For instance, one of my female co-workers knew I had a crush on her husband.  We teased each other mercilessly about my having an affair with him.  My straight male colleagues were (to use a sweeping generalization) your typical 'guys'.  Beer, women with large breasts, sports, and cigars and most of them were happy campers.  By the middle of the 1990's you could sense a shift of sexual politics in the air.  I remember one instance where I took a rash of shit for having had a manicure.  Several months later, a couple of the guys asked where I went to have it done.  Soon the men that could have cared less about their appearance five years earlier were now discussing the merits of Prada versus Gucci--gay and straight alike.  Everyone also had flawless manicures.  While I can only assume that most of the wives were thrilled with the turning tide, most of the homosexuals were mystified.  What exactly was happening here?  Flash forward to this weekend.  After a great dinner and few drinks, the subject of metrosexuals comes up among the group I was seated with (all avowed heterosexuals).  At a table in this college-town pub, the men in the group start comparing shoes.  Secretly, I wanted to laugh out loud.  After listening to several rants about how men in designer shoes are secure in their manhood and a few salacious comments about a waitress, the conversation turned to the pros and cons of eye creme.  That was it.  I could not contain myself any longer.  I cracked up and told the table of guys that they had officially become homosexuals.  After much laughter and some chiding, I decided to push the issue a bit more.  I turned to the guy sitting at my left and said loudly enough for everyone to hear, 'If you are so secure in your manhood, kiss me."  Of course, I was baiting him and the liquor was helping.  Every conversation suddenly stopped and all eyes at the table focused in our direction.  Before I could get the words out to let him off the hook, he reached over grabbed my chin and planted one on me.  Now, it wasn't much of a kiss.  But the fact that he had actually done it, just blew me away.  Needless to say, our new found 'relationship' became the subject of jokes the entire night.  When I was leaving, I pulled him aside and said, "It was okay....but I'd never date you."  We laughed, hugged and said our goodbyes.  Later as I lay in bed, I couldn't get the fact that I'd been kissed by a father of four out of my head.  What' this world coming to?  Damn you, you metrosexuals!