          CASTING COUCH  --Another Phillip Roth book is headed for the big screen.  Director Phillip Noyce ("The Quiet American") will helm an adaptation of Roth's "American Pastoral".  Noyce is currently courting the husband and wife team of Paul Bettany and Jennifer Connelly to take the leads.  Their daughter would be played by Evan Rachel Wood ("Thirteen").  The story of a man and woman living the American dream with a perfect family life unravels as they discover their daughter is a revolutionary terrorist.  If the principals are signed, Noyce is eyeing an early spring start date.  Lakeshore Entertainment (which produced another Roth adaptation, "The Human Stain") is set to produce.  Connelly is currently filming "Dark Water" in Toronto.    --Douglas Adam's cult novel "A Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is also making the transition to film.  Mos Def, Zooey Deschanel and Martin Freeman ("The Office") have all signed on to the project directed by Garth Jennings.  The movie is being produced by Disney/Spyglass Entertainment and will begin shooting in London in April.   Deschanel will next be seen in "Eulogy" which screened at Sundance.  --Mike Judge, the man behind "Office Space" and "King Of The Hill" has written a script entitled "3001".  Luke Wilson has signed on in the lead role as a man who participates in a sleep hibernation study only to wake up 1,000 years in the future.  The 20th Century Fox project is also slated for a mid-April shooting launch.    COOKING UP A WAR?  In an interesting piece in  Editor & Publisher , Greg Mitchell   points out  that a survey of the top twenty newspapers by circulation in the U.S. showed a rather revealing trend and suspicious editorialists.    Editor & Publisher  found that as of Wednesday, thirteen of the twenty newspaper had run editorials on David Kay's resignation as chief U.S. weapons inspector in Iraq and his statement that no WMDs exist in Iraq--and likely did not exist in Iraq during the U.S. run-up to war.    While nearly every paper called for a full probe as to the cause of miscalculations and intelligence failures, eight of the thirteen took it a step further.   While most of the newspapers surveyed had supported the war effort, they raised the issue of White House deceit and its possibly blind pursuit of intelligence that fit its plan for war.  With such a large scale inference of possible deception, it will be interesting to see how the White House and intelligence agencies respond to such charges.   CANDIDATE CAROUSEL  It seems that a series of missteps and gaffs have left the campaigns of General Wesley Clark and Governor Howard Dean with major problems.  Of the two, Dean seems to face more dire circumstances.  Yesterday's   departure  of campaign manager Joe Trippi is sure to have some negative fall-out and cause a demoralization of his staffers.  Combine the staffing changes with money problems and Dean is left with some major decisions.  At the beginning of the political season, I was eyeing Dean or Clark as my candidate of choice.  Needless to say, I will support whomever eventually gets the Democratic nomination.  Right now, Senator John Kerry seems to have resounding momentum.  Senator John Edwards may have some strength left in southern states.  There is also rumblings of a potential Kerry/Edwards ticket.  It seems that it is time for Kucinich, Sharpton and Lieberman to make a swift exit.  Next Tuesday's primaries and caucuses should be interesting to say the least.   IT'S 'LIKE' A MIX  "Like A Prayer (Madonna vs. Daft Punk Steve Jensen Edit)"--Madonna "Don't Do Me Like That"--Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers "Smells Like Teen Spirit"--Tori Amos "Some Like It Hot"--Power Station "Like A Stone"--Audioslave "Waiting For A Girl Like You"--Foreigner "Like I Did"--Deborah Cox "I Know What Boys Like"--The Waitresses "Like A Tatoo"--Sade "Bohemian Like You"--The Dandy Warhols "(Can't You) Trip Like I Do (Danny Saber Remix)'--The Crystal Method & Filter "(Just Like) Starting Over"--John Lennon & Yoko Ono "Who Needs Love (Like That)"--Erasure "(You Love) Like Nobody Loves Me"--Tal Bachman "Wear Your Love Like Heaven"--Sarah McLachlan "Thieves Like Us"--New Order "I'm Like A Bird (Gavo's Martini Bar Mix)"--Nelly Furtado "A Girl Like You"--Edwyn Collins "Burnt Like You"--Skin "Feels Like Home"--Basement Jaxx f/MeShell Ndegeocello "My Love Is Like...Wo"--Mya f/Missy Elliott "Like Suicide"--Soundgarden "When It's Cold I'd Like To Die"--Moby "Just Like Heaven"--The Cure "Like A Virgin"--Madonna   BEAUTY PRODUCT OF THE WEEK    LATHER Bamboo Lemongrass Foaming Body Scrub