          Job Search Frustrations   Today, on the way from my therapist appointment, I saw that the Longhorn restaurant on Dorothy Lane had just opened.  I went inside to get an application.  One of the managers told me to come back at 2 PM this afternoon so that we could talk about a bartending position.  I filled out the application, and got changed for the interview.  When I arrived at the restaurant, the gentleman with whom I spoke earlier wasn't available.  I talked with another manager/partner, who told me, "If you had only been here 3 weeks ago..."  This was not what I needed to hear, but I finished the meeting gracefully.  Then I went to the bartending school just to check in.  The manager there told me to call her back before 5 PM today.  I then went to "Restaurant Row" along Miller Lane to obtain and complete applications at restaurants I had not previously applied to earlier.  It was a "learning experience."  Many of these restaurants do not hire bartenders, but instead hire servers who later get "promoted" to bartenders.  I told one proprietor of a certain "Austrailian-themed" restaurant that I was willing to be a server, but he basically said that, unless I had 2 to 3 years of experience serving I shouldn't even consider completing an application for his restaurant.  I asked him if he knew where I could go to get this experience he was looking for.  He didn't have any idea.  I was very upset and frustrated at what he said, and my whole saga of finding a job, by this time.  He offered his hand for me to shake, and, at first, I didn't want to do it, but I resisted the urge to be rude and shook it anyway.  As I walked out, I thought about getting some rotten eggs and returning to the restaurants.  I won't, though.  I came home and vented.  You may be aware that I have a blog called "  Letters to God ."  It is a great way for me to pray, and I feel better for having done it.  Much better than I would have if I, say, found some rotten eggs, if you know what I mean.  I could probably continue this post for a little while, but I guess I'll end it here.  Let me encourage you to share your frustrations.  Write them down, share with a friend or confidant, send an email - just be open with it so that you can feel better.  Sometimes having a listening ear is the best therapy.  Bar's open! :)