         Help Make Blogs More Visible!  NOTE: Be sure you paste live links for the Path List below.  There are by some estimates more than a million weblogs. But most of them get no visibility in search engines. Only a few "A-List" blogs get into the top search engine results for a given topic, while the majority of blogs just don't get noticed. The reason is that the smaller blogs don't have enough links pointing to them. But this posting could solve that. Let's help the smaller blogs get more visibility!  This posting is   GoMeme 4.0 . It is part of an experiment to see if we can create a blog posting that helps 1000's of blogs get higher rankings in Google. So far we have tried 3 earlier variations. Our first test,   GoMeme 1.0 , spread to nearly 740 blogs in 2.5 days. This new version 4.0 is shorter, simpler, and fits more easily into your blog.  Why are we doing this? We want to help thousands of blogs get more visibility in Google and other search engines. How does it work? Just follow the instructions below to re-post this meme in your blog and add your URL to the end of the Path List below. As the meme spreads onwards from your blog, so will your URL. Later, when your blog is indexed by search engines, they will see the links pointing to your blog from all the downstream blogs that got this via you, which will cause them to rank your blog higher in search results. Everyone in the Path List below benefits in a similar way as this meme spreads. Try it! Instructions: Just copy this entire post and paste it into your blog. Then add your URL to the end of the path list below, and pass it on!  Path List  1.   Minding the Planet  2.   Wireless LAN  3.   Writing Resources  4.   BillBoard  5.   Stock Quotes Stock Trading Stock Help  6.   Christmas All Year  7.   Quotes from Famous People  8.   Recipes at World Famous Recipes  9.   Jobs and Employment  10.   Quotes  11.   Jokes and Humor  12.   480 Area Code Guide  13.   Phoenix Arizona East Valley Community Index  14.   HTTP in Phoenix AZ  15.   Daily Bible Verse  16.   Love Poems  18.   World Famous Recipes  19.   Recipes Recipe  20.   Members Space  21.   Journey Inside My Mind  22.   QuotesBlog  23.   Get That Job!  24. (your URL goes here! But first, please copy this line and move it down to the next line for the next person).  NOTE: Be sure you paste live links for the Path List or use HTML code.