A Recap During a Nightcap   Greetings, crimestoppers!  Time for a brief recap of my day (Saturday).  Started off by going to bed at 4:10 AM after watching the movies "  Bounce " and "  Hannibal " (quite a combination, huh?).  Naturally, it took a little while to fall asleep, having the ending of "Hannibal" still in my mind (pun not intended).  Keisha came in at about 8:30 AM as Jennie was heading to the library to return some videos ('Yes, get that 'Hannibal' film out of here!!!!").  At about 10:39 Keisha convinced me to get out of bed.  So I got up for a few seconds and then lay back down.  Finally, around 10:45 I get up for good.  Since it was late morning, we wondered if we still could have breakfast.  Keisha and I thought about that for a little bit, and then we were distracted by the nice weather outside.  Jennie came home shortly after noon, so we decided to get out of the house and get something to eat.  But we wanted some time to read our Bibles without Keisha distracting us, so we decided to go to a place that has a play area for kids - the   Burger King  in   Beavercreek, Ohio , near the   Mall at Fairfield Commons .  Silly us.  We chose the busiest place in the area.  Fortunately for me, I had some headphones as I typed into my laptop, but Jennie, I could tell, was very distracted..  About 2 PM we left an went to the   Deaf Association of Dayton on Valley Street  to hang out there for a few hours.  There we met Tom and Elizabeth from   Kettering .  Tom was born deaf, and his wife Elizabeth is a substitute teacher at   St. Rita's School for the Deaf  in Woodlawn, Ohio.  It was great learning new signs, etc.  I could tell Jennie and Keisha had fun, too.  Then we came home.  I was eager for a nap by now, but Jennie encouraged me that we should go through our mail.  We hadn't gone through it together in awhile.  Perhaps more on that another time.  Needless to say, I did the right thing and did    not    take a nap.  After working through the mail for awhile, we decided we needed a break.  So we went to   Meijer in Englewood .  We really only needed a few items, but somehow we spent a lot of time there.  It may have had something to do with Keisha and I getting split up from Jennie and those three laps around the grocery section we took looking for her.  It may have also been due to our browsing videos, pets, toys, and more.  Nevertheless, by about 9 PM, we all were pretty bushed.  So we came home put Keisha to bed after feeding her some leftover   Pizza Hut stuffed crust pizza .  Then Jennie cooked a frozen pizza we bought, and we ate it while watching the movie "  Rattle and Hum " by   U2 .  Funny.  It's almost 1 AM on Sunday morning and I'm still going.  Well, not exactly.  My eyes are barely open. Even funnier are all the references to places in this entry for which I could create hyperlinks.  Perhaps later.  I'm heading for the sack.  Night everyone.  God bless.