Drink Water (or Eight Things to Do with Coca Cola)   This item was sent to me by MJ over a year ago.  I cannot verify whether the information here is valid or not.   Interesting facts: Water vs. Coca Cola   * 75% of Americans are chronically dehydrated. (Likely applies to half world pop.) In 37% of Americans, the thirst mechanism is so weak that it is often mistaken for hunger.  * Even MILD dehydration will slow down one's metabolism as much as 3%.  * One glass of water shuts down midnight hunger pangs for almost 100% of the dieters studied in a U-Washington study.  * Lack of water: the #1 trigger of daytime fatigue.  * Preliminary research indicates that 8-10 glasses of water a day could significantly ease back and joint pain for up to 80% of sufferers.  * A mere 2% drop in body water can trigger fuzzy short-term memory, trouble with basic math, and difficulty focusing on the computer screen or on a printed page.  * Drinking 5 glasses of water daily decreases the risk of colon cancer by 45%, plus it can slash the risk of breast cancer by 79%, and one is 50% less likely to develop ladder cancer.  Are you drinking the amount of water you should every day?   COKE: No wonder it tastes soooo good:   1. In many states (in the USA) the highway patrol carries two gallons of Coke in the trunk to remove blood from the highway after a car accident.  2. You can put a T-bone steak in a bowl of coke and it will be gone in two days.  3. To clean a toilet: Pour a can of Coca-Cola into the toilet bowl and ... Let the "real thing" sit for one hour, then flush clean. The citric acid in Coke removes stains from vitreous china.  4. To remove rust spots from chrome car bumpers: Rub the bumper with a crumpled-up piece of Reynolds Wrap aluminum foil dipped in Coca-Cola.  5. To clean corrosion from car battery terminals. Pour a can of Coca-Cola over the terminals to bubble away the corrosion.  6. To loosen a rusted bolt: Applying a cloth soaked in Coca-Cola to the rusted bolt for several minutes.  7. To bake a moist ham: Empty a can of Coca-Cola into the baking pan, wrap the ham in aluminum foil, and bake. Thirty minutes before the ham is finished, remove the foil, allowing the drippings to mix with the Coke for a sumptuous brown gravy.  8. To remove grease from clothes: Empty a can of coke into a load of greasy clothes, add detergent, and run through a regular cycle. The Coca-Cola will help loosen grease stains. It will also clean road haze from your windshield.   FYI: -   1. The active ingredient in Coke is phosphoric acid. Its pH is 2.8. It will dissolve a nail in about 4 days.  2. To carry Coca-Cola syrup (the concentrate) the commercial truck must use the Hazardous material place cards reserved for Highly corrosive materials.  3. The distributors of Coke have been using it to clean the engines of their trucks for about 20 years.  Still Want To Drink Up?   Update, 27 March 2003:   I've been doing some research on   Snopes.com , and I found this out -- The claim that the acids in Coca-Cola not only make it a handy household cleaning product, but harmful to drink as well are   false  .  Check out the   Acid Slip  page over at Snopes.com.  You'll probably want to add   Snopes.com  to your favorites list, too.  Please accept my apology for spreading false information.