My Earliest Memory, TV Superheroes, and I Have Bionic Parts      Melanie from "The Topics Blog" asks, "What was the worst thing that you have ever experienced physically?"    All right, then.  Here goes.  This is a little  personal , and maybe a little   gross   -- consider yourself  warned .  This event happens to be  my earliest memory .  I was three years old and I had received an operation to repair a hernia in my groin.  The problem arose when I had an allregic reaction to the catgut stitches that the surgeons used to knit me back up.  The area got infected and, before I could get the stitches out, they needed to get all the pus out.  I remember this scene vividly because when they pushed to squeeze the pus out, the pain was   excruciating  !  I remember screaming and crying because it hurt so bad.  I felt helpless.  After the experience was over, the hospital people gave me a Batman colorforms set for " being so brave ".  In addition to  Batman , some of my other favorite TV shows were  Shazaam!  and  The Six Million Dollar Man .  Sometimes, Mom would safety pin a towel on my back, and I would race down the steps to our front door and cry out, "  Shazaam!  ", just like the main character did on the show.  Then I would go around looking for problems to fix, bad guys to beat up, and so on.  At other times, I would play with my Steve Austin, Six Million Dollar Man, action figure.  It even had a magnifying glass so that I could look through his right eye, just like the "real" Steve Austin did on TV.  I remember after coming home from the hospital, we had a family reunion of some type at our house.  Well, I was just so proud, having come off the operating table, that I went around telling people that  I, too, had bionic parts inside me .  And I was just about to show someone by climbing up in one of the trees in front of our house, when Dad caught me.  From that moment throughout my childhood I was not allowed to climb any trees.  I thought Dad just didn't believe, but now I realize that he did want me to go back to the hospital so soon after coming home.  I cannot remember, but maybe a jump like that is what led to my operation in the first place.