Huge Wins for the Cincinnati Reds and Dayton Dragons   Both Cincinnati and Dayton have something to be excited about as we head into Independence Week.  Today's   Dayton Daily News reports  that yesterday the   Reds  (43-37, or a .5375 winning percentage) came within percentage points of tying the   St. Louis Cardinals  (42-36, or a .5384 winning percentage) for first place in the National League Central Division.  The Reds, you may recall, were predicted not to amount to much in the preseason.  Yet they have not given up and are part of what hopes to be an exciting pennant race for the second half of the baseball season.  Part, if not most, of the reason the Reds are doing so well may be in the young talent they have raised up from their minor league affiliates.  Why, it was only recently, when Adam Dunn, Austin Kearns, and Juan Encarnacion were playing A-ball for the   Dayton Dragons  in at Fifth Third Field.  Now look at these guys.    Adam Dunn was the only Cincinnati Red chosen for the All-Star team .  Austin Kearns   could be Rookie of the Year .  And what of those   Dayton Dragons ?  Today's   Dayton Daily News also reports  that the Dragons, with a 4-3 victory over the Fort Wayne Wizards yesterday, have extended their winning streak to 13 games.  One has to wonder if this is the same team that was in second-to-last place after the first half of the season.  Now, since the beginning of the second half, with a clean slate, the Dragons are hot!  It seems that everything is coming together for the minor league team: pitching, fielding, and hitting.  One player of note is outfielder Chris Williamson.  In his last three games he has produced three homers and 12 RBIs to go with a .415 batting average.  Even with all the great things happening for the team, the players are still forced to keep things in perspective.  As Williamson puts it: "We're not all here about winning championships.  We're here to develop players."  We certainly have witnessed the results in Dunn, Kearns, and Encarnacion.  Keep it up, guys.  I certainly am enjoying it.