The Most ADHD-type Album I've Heard This Year   (subtitled - Should I Start Yet Another Blog?)    BACKGROUND   From CDD.gov    Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) is one of the most common childhood behavioral disorders and can persist through adolescence and into adulthood. The causes are currently unknown.    What is ADHD?    According to the 2000 American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-IV (DSM-IV-TR), ADHD is a Disruptive Behavior Disorder characterized by on-going inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity occurring in several settings and more frequently and severely than is typical for individuals in the same stage of development. Symptoms begin before age 7 years and can cause serious difficulties in home, school or work life. ADHD can be managed through behavioral or medical interventions, or a combination of the two.    THE MOST ADHD-TYPE ALBUM I'VE HEARD THIS YEAR   With the above, "official" definition in mind, I wanted to share that I finally listened to   Tim McGraw's recent album "Set This Circus Down,"  and as I read the words to the songs, I was struck by how "ADHD" they sounded.  I don't think that was the original intent, but this is probably a by-product of the recording.  I'm sure many others have listened to it and provided their own reviews, but, since I am ADHD, I feel that I can relate a lot to this album.  It's almost as though it describes my life, or the path, without conscious effort, that my life could take.  Especially the Chorus from the first song,   "The Cowboy In Me" , which was written by   Craig Wisemand, Jeffery Steele, and Al Anderson :    The urge to run the restlessness The heart of stone I sometimes get The things I've done for foolish pride The me that's never satisfied The face that's in the mirror when I don't like what I see I guess that's just the cowboy in me     Aha!  So that's what it is!  It makes a little bit of sense, when you think about the original cowboy-types, who risked everything to go west and search for a better life.  A lot of this ADHD behavior was indeed useful back then, right California?  So, we descendents of these cowboys are now ADHD.  Interesting, isn't it?   SHOULD I START YET ANOTHER BLOG?   Which brings me to my other thought.  I already contribute to   six blogs, five of which I own . (By the way,   I'm still looking for contributors to Get That Job! )  I can see a potential for a blog related to ADD/ADHD.  I suppose that my interest in separating the   "mind spillage"   is so that those on the "  Journey Inside My Mind " may know that they can take a specific path if they so desire.  If they want to search the   quotes archive , then go there.  If they want to read some   creative writing , then by all means, knock yourself out.  Should they desire to   "Get That Job!" , then go for it.  Care to read some of my   "Letters to God" ? Don't let me hold you back.  Or, if you're experiencing "Blogger's Block", then check out some   potential blogging topics .  If you want to   experience the hodgepodge , then stick around here.  I'm just wondering if I devoted an entire blog to ADHD, would people be interested in it and would I benefit from it.  "I guess that's just the cowboy in me."