Getting To Know Your Friends    This is a variation of an   email  that I received from Dana B.  I decided to post it here instead. My answers are in italics.    What time do you wake up in the morning?  About a half hour after the alarm clock rings or when   my wife  wakes me up (usually about 6:30am).  On Saturday, I try to wake up on my own, especially since I'm taking this   medicine  that makes me sleepy.  If you could eat lunch with one famous person, who would it be?  Jesus Christ, just to preview what life in heaven will be like.  Gold or silver?  gold  What was the last film you saw at the cinema?  with kids -   Ice Age  without kids -   Spiderman   Favorite TV shows?    Alias ,   CSI ,   Without a Trace   What do you have for breakfast?  when I'm responsible for it - cereal, donuts, or whatever I can find that's already made when someone else makes it - eggs, bacon, sausage, toast, etc.  What would you hate to be left in a room with?  a huge gorilla that is looking for someone to mate with him  Can you touch your nose with your tongue?  Yes, and more!  I can roll my tongue up on the sides and down on the sides (wow! what talent!)  What inspires you?  the   Bible ,   my wife ,   my daughter , other family,   "character transformation"-type movies , genuine encouragement  What is your middle name?  Allen  Beach, city or country?  city  Summer or Winter?  Summer  Favorite ice cream?    mint chocolate chip   Favorite time of day?  naptime  Favorite car?  1997 Honda Civic LX - the one I currently drive  Favorite sandwich filling?    philly cheese steak   What characteristics do you despise?  mercilessness, snobbery  Favorite flower?  marigold, we have a lot of them in our front yard  If you had a big win in the lottery, how long would you wait to tell people?  After I'd confirmed it, I probably would tell friends and family the next time I spoke with them.  I'd probably wind up with a lot more 'friends and family'.  Fizzy or still water as a drink?  big cup of still water - must be cold, though  What color is your bathroom?  pink and white  How many keys on your key ring?  6 keys- 3 keys to 3 cars that do not work, two house keys, and my office shelf key  Where would you retire to?    dayton, ohio  - where I live right now  Can you juggle?  Yeah, sort of.  I can also juggle in my mind, too.  Oops! Dropped one!  Favorite day of the week?  Saturday  Red or white wine?  red  What did you do for your last birthday?  Went to   Max & Erma's  with   my wife ,   my daughter , friend Tasha and her son.    Also, we had a party at our house  the previous Sunday and folks shared about Tasha and me (her birthday is the day after mine).  People were still hanging around when '  Alias ' came on, so my wife and I let everyone else do what they wanted to so that we could watch it.  Do you carry a donor card?  Yes, it's on my driver's license  Who do you least expect to respond back to you?  mostly everyone  Who is the person you expect to respond first?  I have no idea  Name one thing about you most people wouldn't guess?  I really don't have it all together