:: DELICIOUS OTHER ::     Timeline:  Present   There are Epics that include Legends,  Myths that create Heroes...  There are Nocturnes adorned with stars,  Nights enlightened with Darkness...  There is the Unkown craving to be discovered,  The Known better be forgotten...  There is the silence within cacophony,  And the nonsense in the seemingly sensible...  For all those wish to see,  There is the ingenuinity versus honesty,  Which can be more real than anything can be...   Then again, I'll be talking about none of those. My overjoy mingles with an equally striking sense of longing.... for my best friend.   You probably have experienced it at one time or another... during those times you just want noone else, to be nowhere else but by the side of that person who knows and understands you better than anyone. Initially, I was mistaken to think that such feelings can only be achieved via a lover. Who wouldn't? All forms of art convey us that such emotions can only be triggered by the arrows of Eros. On the contrary, though, anything else but love does the trick. To tell you the truth, if one is letting himself/herself to form such a special bond only through affection towards a partner, I believe that one is suppressing a good deal of positive energy.   It takes a lot of time to be best friends.... years of laughter sharing, tear shedding, misunderstanding and chilling out together. Also countless hours of video games, movies, conversing, cooking, searching, giggling, gossiping, singing, drinking, writing, reading, experiencing, experimenting, loosing, winning, searching hope, finding hope, getting angry with hope, killing hope, pitying then resurrecting hope, looking for what to do with hope, deciding not to do anything with hope but end up doing everything together.   Then fate decides to challenge this togetherness and sets the best friends apart geographically. One remains behind and the other crosses cities, a continent, then an ocean and lands on the other side of the globe while the other waves her goodbye and tries to stand on her ground in her absence.   Eventually, she does... and soon realizes the oceans, the fish and algae in those oceans, the continents bordering those oceans, the societies that create the countries on those continents, the peoples of those countries that make those societies (For the very confused, simply the distance in between) can never alter the fact she is the most precious gift that has ever been presented to her by her life.   Life goes on for the both of them... The adjustability of the human psyche runs to aid. Except during those times when a time of the year or a moment carries along a memory which has a special meaning just for these two arrives.   Millers are ready my delicious other. Your unavailability does not mean you are absent from my side. Thus, my longing has nothing to with grief. Just like every year, I will be double celebrating the coming day...   ...which will mark itself as the start of a brand new year,  and your 25th birthday!!   May this chapter be the most exciting ever!   Happy New Year to everyone who has stopped by at Phantasmemoria this day.  I wish the pages of 2004 turn to make everything you ever desire come true.   Until next year...