:: STROKE OF NIGHT ::    Timeline:  Past  Almost a month after my father's by-pass, it was my mother who was hospitalized, this time, suffering from a stroke. One part of her body was completely paralyzed due to excessive bleeding in her brain yet the doctors were hopeful since they could stop the bleeding. Now all we had to do was to wait until the bloody mess dissipated. She even managed to move her paralyzed leg which, according to them, meant a greater chance for her recovery.   As these events unfolded, my father told me that the expenses we had to cover for my mother's treatment as well as his surgery way passed our limits thus they sold the apartment. However, he rented another flat in the same district so it meant no drastic alterations in our life. Still, we had to move out of the house we currently lived in immediately. He could not supervise the moving out process since his time was divided between work and hospital. It meant I was in charge of it. Could I do it by myself? Packing the entire house up? I took a deep breath and nodded. I was going to do this for my mother. She was going to be discharged from hospital in a week (or so the doctors hoped) so she had to find everything the way she had left.   Excused from school, I started packing us up. My daily schedule those days was, getting up early in the morning, packing up until noon, leaving the house for hospital, taking my turn next to my mother while my dad went to work, staying with her until afternoon when my dad returned, returning back home, keep packing up until I was literally exhausted and fell asleep at some corner of the emptying house.   The houses that are being moved out represent loneliness to me even this day. They protect you from the outside world for years and as you leave them behind, the empty walls seem emptier, the voices echoing among them enhancing their farewell. Somehow, a song always accompanied me during such stages of my life. As we were moving out of the house where my childhood had passed it was "If You Were With Me Know" by Kylie Minogue and Keith Washington. This time it was "I'll Remember" by Madonna:    "...I learned to let go, I travel in stillness  And I'll remember happiness..."    When moving out process turned into the moving in, I looked like an anorexic and swollen eyes with purple hollows under them were an inseparable part of my reflection in the mirror. Not that I was friends with mirrors, anyway so I did not mind it. Black coffee was my best friend those days and raw sausages or a bar of chocolate were my meals. I still drink my coffee black. Some things remain. (and no I prefer sausages cooked)   It was very close to the end of one week and my last visit to my mother the previous day was a memory I could never forget. I entered the cold, hospital room, crowded with occasional, worried to the bone visitors whom I knew yet did not care about, I approached the bed, took her withered hand in mine and whispered, "I am here mother." to which she half-unconsciously responded "Who are you?". It was a touching moment for all those in the room obviously thus they all fell into tears as I sighed, nodded and left the room. As I was leaving though, I re-entered the room and told her that I was leaving. This time she mumbled a barely audible "Goodbye, darling". I kissed her cheek and whispered, "I love you" to which responded with a weak smile, "I love you, too."   I entered the hospital recalling these and headed up towards her room.... only to find the room was bare empty. The human psyche reacts to such moments in two ways. You either panic with terror or disregard the scene abnormally with an even more abnormal silence. I got out of the room and headed down to the reception, asking where my mother was. The woman behind the counter said she was transferred to the 7th floor. Heading back up, I entered the narrow floor which seemed quite more dim than usual. There were a few guys sitting on the plastic chairs attached to the walls... Walking slowly, I passed them by and blinked as I realized this was the Maternal Care unit and the doors at the end of the corridor led to the room where a new life flourished into the world.   I heard my common sense trying to tell me something as I went down to the reception and sat mindlessly on a chair. I did not know what to expect. Nor could I decode the meaning of the chaos in my head. All I knew that my father or someone I knew would appear sooner or later, explaining what this was all about. I don't remember how long I stayed there. Maybe a few minutes or a few hours.... Eventually my dad entered the hospital and seemed quite surprised to see me as I called out his name.   He took me by the hand and to the cafeteria. There, he explained that my mother was in a coma and that there was a little door right next to the operation room on the 7th floor which was the Intensive Care Unit. An ironic placement representing the edge of life and death and how close they are to each other. Even if she did survive the coma, she would never be the same. For the first time in all those months, I felt my cheeks were getting wet although neither my voice faded nor my expression changed. And that night, right there as my father went on explaining, I wished for my mother's death, knowing that she could not live like a plant.   Two days later, as I was getting ready to leave the new apartment for the hospital, a wave of heat that I had never experienced before rushed over me. A close friend of mine was with me by chance, that day. I turned to him who was dressing up to leave with me and with a serious stare said, "My mother is dead." He dismissed the statement and was telling me I was being too pessimistic when the door bell rang. My uncle and his wife (from my mother's side... the parents of my cousin who caused me the hell in "When A Child Bleeds") entered followed by a couple who were close friends of my parents. My crying aunt hugged me and hugging her back, I patted her back gently, telling her it was alright.   Sometime later, her tears subsided somewhat and seeing my expressionless, calm face she asked, "Who told you?"   ...to which my friend replied, "No one did. Though, he knows now."