Timeline:  Present   "To  Nyx  (Night), Fumigation with Torches.  Nyx , parent goddess, source of sweet repose from whom at first both Gods and men arose. Hear, blessed Kypris [Aphrodite], decked with starry light, in sleep's deep silence dwelling ebon night! Dreams (Oneiroi) and soft ease attend thy dusky train, pleased with the lengthened gloom and feastful strain, dissolving anxious care, the friend of mirth, with darkling coursers riding round the earth. Goddess of phantoms and of shadowy play, whose drowsy power divides the natural day; by fate's decree you constant send the light to deepest hell, remote from mortal sight; for dire necessity (Ananke), which nought withstands, invests the world with adamantine bands. Be present, Goddess, to thy suppliant's prayer, desired by all, whom all alike revere, blessed, benevolent, with friendly aid dispel the fears of twilight's dreadful shade."     ~Orphic Hymn 3 to  Nyx     ...for nothing can save me from your ablaze... from the deepest shallows of your incarcerating embrace that reaches me through the depths of these nocturnal sheets... Hearing my call, you arouse from the crystalline dew of intimacy... sending all the right sprays to the shore of an aspirated dream... in your veiled quiteness... disavowing resistance in this sanctum disguised as a mythical sequence.. within this carnal beat,  we be...- long... steady excruciation to be singed by your fingerprints is... macerating... And you touch me... how you touch me via a moist moan... a lick trace on my loins glitters in the moonshower while my manicure leaves a vestige of desire on the matress... a brush of swollen lips becomes the center of existence only possible in  our  mutuality... a gasp gets buried in my throat while you moor your thighs on mine... making it possible for me to feel an anchor seeking its depths... awashed by your scent, I sigh... clad in man... delirious sparkles scatter on my skin as your hands sweep my nipples... long fingers tracing down my sides, thumbs stroking the breastlines emerging from beneath armpits.. I ache... while your lips rake my neck... my jawline... before you deliver a breath in my mouth... your exhale, I inhale... hence,  yours  I am... breath-marked... eternally protected against the spectres of twilight...    safe...  at last!   You drink my unconscious tears of elation... in the afterbreather comes your respite; your kiss... swaying tenderness entwined with possession... How I missed to be kissed... this gentle... but... you know... already... you listen to my core, don't you?... as I am... possessed... and charted by your looming presence...  ...welcome... back.. to my sanctuary...  And your stay; an ethereal res adjudicata... until sunrise... you(r) stay in me...