:: IT WON'T RAIN ALL THE TIME ::     Timeline:  Past  As I turned 17, the raindrops of sorrow were causing a storm around my soul. Yet, on the outside, I possessed an extraordinary calmness which even surprised me. I felt like a marionette in the hands of a very mature puppet master. This was the first time I discovered that I could perfectly keep my calm during emergency situations. I let the puppet master lead me out of it... and he never fail(ed) me.   The by-pass was successful yet my father remained in the hospital for the next ten days. During those days, my mother and I got up with sunrise and head off to the hospital to take care of my father. During the nights, other family members or my dad's close friends insisted to stay with him. That and my mother was going through the worst stage of cancer so she needed rest. Even then, her bravery and her willpower surprised me. She bought herself a wig and although she could only stand still or walk around with the help of crutches, she ignored her physical condition to aid her husband. Watching her dealing with everything with a power beyond imagination was awe inspiring. Today, I assume that the phenomenal endurance I have against my "bad luck" is inherited genetically from her.   My father's recovery astonished even the hospital staff. He was up and around, leaving the hospital just after 11 days (You might have seen by now that I rarely mentioned my dad up until now. Fingers crossed, the why of it will be revealed in details soon).   Thus, I thought the heavy rain was slowing to a dribble. Apart from the huge trace on his chest, my dad seemed just as he was before and he even convinced me to go back to school (My teachers were so tolerant as to the turmoils of my life that even today, I remember their understanding with gratitude. They did everything to support me. Even sent exams with friends to our apartment so that I didn't fail my last semester. I was already going to graduate in the top 5 before everything started).   One evening, I came back from school only to find out that the house was a bit... more crowded than usual. One of my mother's childhood friends (who had gone to chemotherapy with her that day) opened the door but oddly left it ajar and wanted me buy some aspirin for her. I wanted to leave my books and sports bag but she just took them for me and hurried me up.   Confused, I returned home with the aspirin and it was obvious that something was just not right. My father and mother was locked in the bathroom and remained there a little too long. As the minutes passed me by, my worry started to overtake but, per usual, I remained as calm as possible. Finally, they got out of the bathroom and I saw my dad literally carrying my half unconscious mother to their bed. They explained that after the session, my mom raised her hand to her forehead, mumbled "My head..." and collapsed. My knees getting weaker with each heartbeat, I approached her and saw the transfixed expression on her face.   ... she was half paralyzed.