:: MUSINGS ::   * Looking by far, I realized that if I ever decide to publish my autobiography, I should cut the childhood part real short. No sexual harassment, no incest that messes my psyche up thus leaving me gender weirdphoric and above all no gay sex! It won't sell. I should make up a few raunchy scenes.    (...and here he was again. I knew that he was following me all the way back from school. I was shivering like a leaf when he grabbed my arm without a word and dragged me to a side street. His big, calloused hands were trying to unbutton my jeans as I ripped open his shirt. My lips drew the symbol of eternity on his nipples as I caressed his bulging biceps. Moving down, I continued my journey on his muscular chest. He spasmed with pleasure and my tongue got stuck in his abdominals...)    [Mental note: What the?]   *Have yet another serious concern. This time about whether it was a wise decision to start a blog when I am HTML disabled. Furthermore, somewhere along the line, this thing should start archiving my entries. However, there's just no sign of older entries disappearing as of yet. (Panic!) I'll have a website that scrolls down to eternity! (Count to 10!)  *Looking at a few other diaries, I feel so ashamed. Everyone seem so globally aware and responsible. Saddam Hussein's capture is the talk of the day but here I am trying to plot my way into my present in a horribly prolonged sense.   *If that wasn't enough (very impressed by a comment in Bridget's Diary) I decided that not reading the original book before seeing a movie adaptation is a sin. Thus, I am trying to finish Return of the King day in day out. Last night, I thought I saw a hobbit peeking at me as I took a shower. Sad, really.   [Unrelated thought: I remember developing Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia* temporarily after trying to memorize Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious from Mary Poppins.]   *Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia is the fear of long words.    Last Minute Update:  Merry Poppins, indeed! Prologue disappeared into the Past! But "What is past is Prologue" so... I mean...