:: SURVIVOR ::     Timeline:  Past  (Have serious concerns whether this melodramatic life story will reach present before New Year or not. Maybe I shouldn't have journeyed that back towards my fetus memories.)   As my 16th birthday was approaching, we had another family crisis. Cancer recaptured my mother and my father's heart was giving out signs of another possible heart attack. Standing amidst these, I had to be much stronger than I ever could be. Although the boyish charm worked relatively well, my voice remained that of a girl. I was trying my best to deliberately talk as deep as possible yet my mother was occasionally thinking that I was using hormones secretly (in my dreams, thank you). I mean I am not talking about a Michael Jackson trip here. I really had the voice of a girl. When people who didn't know me called and it was I who answered it, the "get backs" to my parents were "Yeah we called home and talked to your daughter" which seriously didn't help my disguise at all. The dilemma followed me wherever I went, indeed. As long as I didn't talk I did well with all the shabby clothes and facial hair. But when I opened my mouth it was a shock for the other party who got used to my voice only after some time. Furthermore, my hands and feet remained as small as a female as well as my overall bone structure remained dangerously androgynous. I didn't have breasts and all but my body and face was so structurally in between that the disguise needed so much work. I didn't shave up until these days and tried to looked like Jewish youngsters. Add the huge glasses and the clothing that didn't fit right, I looked extremely ugly.   Yes ugly, indeed. There is just no other word to describe how I looked those days (Keep in mind that I was an adolescent who was still going through the growing pains and hormonal ups and downs of puberty. Naturally, teenagers my age were so outlook oriented and I had the same emotions and concerns about acceptability, first love, sex, acne and whatsoever as any of them but could never go through them properly). I remember one specific event when I bought flowers for my mother (this was after we moved out to this new flat of mom's dreams and during her radiotherapy days) on my way back home from school. As I was walking past a group of teenagers my age one of them whispered to his buddy, soft enough not to draw attention, high enough for me to hear, "Eww he's uuugglllliiieeee".   Alright at least I wasn't called a "sissy" but this was the next worse thing to be called (after "eww he's spookkiieee"). I remember feeling so numb that I came home, gave the flowers to my mom, barely remembered her gratitude before I locked myself in my bedroom. I think I sat on my bed thinking repeating something like "There'll be one day when all the world will admire me for my beauty and talent. I swear you'll be sorry for what you said!" a zillion times until I was called for dinner.   My mother was shrinking before our eyes, her hair completely gone and suffering from great physical pain but she still tried her best to keep her high spirits. I should admit that my mother and I were really close. We used to laugh a lot together and she had this idea that we were like sister and brother instead of mother and son. (Later, I realized it wasn't "us specific" for every mother fooled herself likewise occasionally.) Actually we were so, in more than a few ways... if she wasn't desperately ignoring what I really was, we could even be closer.   My life was studded with chemotherapy and radiotherapy sessions, exams as I was soon to graduate high school and paradoxical mood swings that got worse daily. Still, I was doing my best to keep them all to myself until one day the winter sun hid behind a cloud leaving everything cold & grey...   ... My father was hospitalized after a heart stroke and had to undergo by-pass as soon as possible.