:: THE DISGUISE ::    Timeline:  Past  I was 12 when my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. However, it was during the early stages of the cancerous tissues, thus, she had over 100% chance of survival. Still, this was yet another traumatic event for an early teenager who was constantly exposed to the fear of loosing the leading people in her life story. Interesting though, I did not turn into a paranoid freak but instead turned into something much worse : A selfless youngster. I learned to perfectly disguise my gender dysphoria for what my parents needed was not a troubled but an examplary child. Hence, I focused on my already successful classes and created an image that I was there for them but was doing just great myself, either. There was nothing to worry. All they should care about was their own well-being.   Through those years, I had great control over myself. Unconsciously, I examined everyone around me and eventually developed a "boyish charm" which was both acceptable by the society and myself (ie. I didn't have to act like a studly hormone bomb and could still live belittle-free.). Only during those lonely moments, I faced my own self. On the outside, I was the child everyone wanted. My teachers were so proud of my great success at school. So were my parents...   ...also through these years a phenomenal talent I had was discovered.   My voice!   My music teacher made me a part of the chorus but not satisfied with it all, I auditioned for the school band and ended up as the lead singer. What astonished people about me was the fact that I was a true soprano although I was 15. Surely by that time, all the boys were undergoing the range drop testosterone was causing them whereas I was still as perfectly singing "Listen To Your Heart" as Marie Fredriksson. Alongside my studies the band and chorus rehearsals were taking up most of the time and I was approaching the conclusion of "I belonged to the stage" with the speed of sound.   In the meantime, my family was at its best financially. Money was pouring in and soon they were ready to cross that line between middle and upper classes. We had two apartments that belonged to us, thanks to my dad's grandparents. My mother was forcing my dad to sell them and include some of the money in our bank account to buy a house at the Santa Barbara of Ponderland. My grandmother was quite sad to hear those plans since one of those flats to be sold was the one she used to live in. My mother was quite a fighter, though. My lovely Grandmother stood no chance across such a determined woman who could fight away a life-sipping illness like cancer so easily.   Thus, as I was ending up 2nd at a song contest which included high school bands nationwide, we were getting ready to leave the flat we lived in for 10 years behind.