:: LONELY AS A STAR ::     Timeline:  Past  As I turned 6, my intellect seemed to surpass my age. My Grandmother who was the second most important figure in my life, found out one day that I was sitting by myself turning the pages of the newspaper. She smiled and thought I was looking at the photos of the articles which soon turned out to be a great mistake on her part. Half an hour later, she returned and found me in the same position thus, curiously asked what I was doing. Obviously, I was reading the thing, what else?   Not believing, she called for my mother and together they looked at me shocked as I shrugged at their demand and started reading an article out loud to them. It was a moment of true disbelief for certain. There was this youngling not knowing how to read a day ago and was doing so the next. From that point on, I started reading whatever came my way as well as following my daily TV schedule made up of cartoons. That early step towards literacy should have turned me into a proud walking library in time yet, just like my current self, I only read what I enjoyed... and I never enjoyed social sciences save from Psychology. I despise Philosophy, am apathetic towards Sociology, find History too boring, Economics too statistical, Politics too tactical, Archeology too archaic, Architecture too visual, and going on listing the rest too unnecessary.   What awed me was the occult, the unknown and the wonders of human psyche. For these, I needed a greater imagination. Hence literature seemed like a field I could try.   As I was ready to start Primary School, my parents were ready to take the next big step in their lives. They were investing in the ready-to-wear sector, rent a building, turned it into a workshop, bought various sewing machines and started the business at a time when textile held great opportunities in Ponderland. However, this meant yet another maturity level for me since this time I was faced with the matter of taking care of myself. At 7, I was used to phone calls and notes from my parents like "milk & cake in the fridge, heat the blabla for dinner, homework to be done before we arrive...". I did them all perfectly...   ...and soon got used to the do-it-yourself theme of my life. Ironic enough, I was desperately in need of empathy and sympathy as a gender dysphoric child from my parents. I knew subconsciously that "something" was wrong with me but couldn't figure out what it was. I had friends at school but the way people looked at me was different. And sometimes I was called a "sissy" by the elder children on our block as I passed them by on my way back from school. I was only 8 or 9, then. I remember feeling so hurt from being called as such but I did not know why they were belittling me likewise.   What I was doing wrong, I knew not. What the problem was with me, I comprehended not. I was just a little child who needed some affection yet all I had was silence, loneliness and the sense of being "different" in a degrading way.   And just as I reached my early teens, my father had his first heart attack. Being only 11, I was now facing the fact that life was not all about endurance. He survived the attack yet the seed of fear was buried in my soul already.   I think I was a girl but I couldn't talk about it to anyone. If my father heard about it, he might have had another stroke and died... and God forbid if my mother heard about it. She would probably turn back to those violent days and beat me to death...  Soon, it turned my fear was nonsense for she could never turn back to those days.   ... she had cancer.