:: EMPATHIC RECOGNITION ::    Timeline:  Past  It would be quite erratic to think that I was the victim of constant violence as a child for violence halted as abruptly as it started and I barely remember those moments as a whole anyway. However, the traumatic effect of those earliest days of childhood reformed themselves as I developed a sense of extreme caution when it comes to righteousness in my personality as I grew up. Even today, I react quite impulsive during those very rare occasions when someone tries to blame me for something I am not responsible for or judge me wrong. Perhaps even the creation of this blog can be linked to those days and might be seen as an extension of the necessity to be understood thoroughly.   I never blamed my mother for having an overedgy personality. She was the last child of a family of six made up of four siblings and parents. My grandmother was a pathetic person who was so focused on her beauty (she was extremely beautiful, by the by) and her husband. Thus, she gave birth to my mother and cared not about her since she was way too busy quarreling with my Grandfather who, she somehow made herself believe, betrayed her constantly. My mother grew up in an environment where tension between parents were always the subject of the day. My Grandfather being a Music teacher, they were from a rather under average class financially, traveling from one place to another constantly until they ended up in Ponderland where my Grandfather decided to settle for the rest of their lives (My Grandparents were living one street away from where we lived). In time, my mother also turned into a very beautiful girl, obviously inheriting the best genes of her parents. She and my father met at a social organization where they both practiced folkloric dances. My father was the typical popular guy in a conventional society. Very handsome (I will never remain humble when it comes to my parents' physical attributes. They were both universally beautiful people) and mature as well as being a perfectly educated Don Juan.   Thus, they got married after his compulsory military service although my father admits that it was not love but compassion which made him tie the knot with my mother. He knew that this beautiful girl was living in an environment woven with a nightmare that she did not deserve and well... which guy wouldn't like to be the man in shining armor of a damsel in distress? Pathetically chivalrous but so unfortunately true that their marriage was based upon these values and I believe the reason why my father never betrayed my mother was simply because she was so gorgeously feminine as well as witty. A tamed femme fatale perhaps. Then again, they both knew that love was not present in between. Passion and mutual support, perhaps. Yet not love...   ...and my mother was in need of love desperately.   Thus, I assume she believed (like countless women foolishly believed) that if she couldn't be loved the way she wanted by the man she loved, she could create an object of love whom she would love and be loved by unconditionally. Hence, she wanted to fall pregnant to which my father did not object (Today, he says he was rather apathetic on the matter since he always believed that a child would not solve their untold problems). After a few miscarriages, my mother finally fell pregnant with my brother and gave birth to him two years prior to my delivery. However, my brother did not even last a month which tore my parents apart, leaving a wound in their souls that would not heal entirely. I guess my mother's pain turned into a rather unrealistic and unhealthy stubbornness towards having a child soon afterwards. Before me, she miscarried another baby during an accident after which the doctors seriously warned her that it would be extremely dangerous for her to fall pregnant again.   My father was quite alright with it. For him it was her well being that mattered (and the previous apathy I mentioned) however it didn't stop my mother at all who fell pregnant with me and had an extremely dangerous pregnancy which was sabotaged more than once by her metabolism and the baby in despair within her womb. She was so senselessly obsessive that she even said yes to lying back motionless for the 6 months of 7 months she carried me.   Being this obsessive towards me, she even stood between the father and the baby and became the one and only personality in my life. Subconsciously I was hers....   ...and this obsession made her deaf if not blind towards my gender dysphoria.