:: WHEN A CHILD BLEEDS ::     Timeline:  Past  It is interesting how remembrance may play possum when it comes to one's earliest memories. You rarely remember a stream of events but instead recall captions of your early childhood. Mostly one has photographs of a moment stored in their psyche. When it comes to emotions though, it is much easier. You can instantly categorize and say that you have a "happy/sad/neutral/normal/painful/merry/whatever" childhood.   Mine was rather ironic in that sense.   The earliest memory that I possess regarding my childhood is me polishing my nails. For some reason, it was not opposed by my parents who probably thought that it was a childish caprice on my part. Yet, I somehow remember that my father took me out while I still had that polish on my tiny nails and visiting the studio of his actor friend who was really famous in Ponderland during 70s. The caption I have from that visit is me sitting on my dad's lap and the guy telling me something about my nails. I really can't make out what is it, though.   Another moment of note was told me years later by my dad. It was after my family's receiving a dinner invitation to a Professor's house. During that dinner, my father says, there was a moment when I stood by the record player which was caught by the Professor who told my parents that I should immediately be genetically/gynecologically tested for my future well-being. This, though, was opposed harshly by my mother...   ..my mother..   ..who had been the leading figure in my life until her death in 1993. I was born into a middle class family who was living in an apartment in one of the most popular districts of the city. My uncle (from my mother's side) and his family was also living in the same apartment and it soon seemed that my cousin truly despised my being with all his might. Before my birth, my mother was the one looking after him and he loved her even more than he loved his own mother. They really developed a strong bond until I was delivered to their cozy world, thus, stealing the attention that he was so used to. As an adult, I can understand these feelings belonging to a child. However, I was as naive as I could get as a child myself, totally unaware of the fact that I was a threat to this relation. Thus, I constantly found myself being accused of the the mess that he kept causing. The slightest of naughtiness my cousin created was reflected to me and ended up as my being the one who had the fault (he was 5 years older than myself hence could plot his way to these scenes much easily). No matter how innocently I begged for mercy, cried my eyes out stuttering I did nothing, I was beaten to death. My screams (as my Grandmother later told me) could be heard from 2 blocks away and mostly I had to be rescued by someone or another from those moments of torture. Once I was way too close to death that if my aunt did not save me by sheer chance (ie. passing by the street and hearing my cries tearing the street apart), I would have lived only 3 painful years in this world and freed my angel soul.   The beatings ended abruptly one day when my mother, extremely guilty seeming, told me that she was so sorry for all that she had done. There it was, a 33 years old woman, apologizing from a 4 years old kid. This must have been the first instant in my life when I realized that I had to grow up quite quicker than I should. Although the physical violence in my childhood ceased, I remember giving a few extremely intelligent replies to my mother referring to the pain she had caused me occasionally, hence, nailing her to her place.   She even had to throw a china on the ground, shattering it into countless pieces one day so as to avoid hitting me because of one of those witty replies belonging to a child whose justness even she could not deny.