:: THE POWER OF POVERTY ::   Timeline:  Past vs Present   As shall be revealed soon (if you haven't captured it by now, that is) all throughout my adolescence, up until the drastic events followed one after another in 1999, I had lead a rich life financially. Then again, this shouldn't mean that I swam in a pool of dollars every morning and grew up to become a "$ or nothing" personality. My parents, no matter how wealthy they were, always drew the line (a little too keenly) when it came to fulfilling my wishes generously. I learned that money didn't mean that I could always get whatever I wanted from them so I am not a "Clueless" girl by any means. I would have loved to become one, mind you. Probably, life would have been much easier if I could create a chaos out of a broken nail and all that mattered was how to get the hottie next door. Maturity brings along thinking... and that is an itchy matter. All these ethically high values start filling your life and you find yourself turning into either an understanding creature or an intellectual being both of which sound valuable but screws up the fun.   5 years ago, I would have told you that I was on my way towards my dreams. I was surrounded by countless friends, was doing what I always believed that I had been created for; ie. singing, leading an oversocial life made up of all these colorful people, clubbing till I dropped and waking up at all these places all over, studying at the best university of this country, was a very successful student even in that hectic current of my daily life which surprised the seniors of my department who were planning my schedule leading towards assistantship in my Sophomore year. All these may sound too unreal or maybe draws a smart alec picture of me but who cares? Not me, really...   ...because no matter how much I was leading the life I always wanted to lead, I was not happy. The inherent melancholy and/or sadness of gender dysphoria never drops off one's neck. It is there... It hides itself now and then and there are surely times when one feels that things could never get better than this. One may even laugh a real laughter now and then or feel a true contentment out of some success.. But sooner or later comes the night, the silence when one cannot escape the reality and the uproar of shadows rushing forth from corners to remind one that this is NOT their lives but somebody else's. This form, this personality, these dreams, this success, this contenment, these spotlights (if there are any) and unfortunately these friends and this family do NOT belong to them but this somebody else who reigns on their throne.   I will not stand up and say that everything I possessed back then was fake. They certainly weren't because a part of me was still involved in whatever I achieved. Nevertheless whatever I achieved went to this person within whose identity and form I was trapped. He was given credit for everything I founded. This may sound as a multiple personality disorder for some but this is the only way I can create a thorough image of my past verity. This is the purest form of acting... and the purest form of pain due to this reason.   How long can one "act out" a life?   I couldn't for long and gave up at 22. Still, I will cast that aside because it is another story altogether. Looking back at those days I see myself at the center of a strong current which carried me along towards lands I had never seen before. This certainly gave me pleasure. But only NOW I realize that it was all because I never had problems having enough money in my pocket to pursue this sparkling sociality. It was my intellect who enabled me to register at Bayside University but it was money that made me pay the tuition fees and stay there. It was my talent which enabled me to be a part of a successful band but it was money that made me live out a life apart from my family and with the band members. It was my personality which enabled me to have a social life and be surrounded by amazing people but it was money that made me buy the preppy clothes, pay at the entrance to clubs, theatres, raves, bars and all those things you get (drink, food, whatever) once inside.   It all went unbelievably well until one morning, I opened my eyes and found myself on a torn mattress, under a stained blanked, staring at peeled-off walls, looking at worn jeans and an old, faded jumper that I had to wear yet again that day and got up to check every pocket available for a single coin that will buy me a doughnut for lunch. It was then that I saw that I was now in the real world... that the dream was over and although I could now see my real reflection in the mirror, I was faced with things I had never been faced with... some of those things included hunger, cold, fear, loss and a deprivation that barred every aspect of life imaginable.   It is during such times that all those friends left my side one by one not because of the consequences of my choices but simply because I could not keep up with their pace any longer. I was feeling as if all I ever had were being sifted through a metaphorical sieve and eventually I was left with only a few. It is during such times that I finally start getting to know my father and grandmother, enduring all that we lacked with them and realized that all the real bonds of life are actually formed by suffering together, facing the pain together and not by laughing life out together. It is during such times with those friends who were unique and strong enough to resist the sifting process and sticked by my side showering me with their understanding and love that I formed my most precious relationships. When I was captured in hopelessness they welcomed me into their hopes. When I was shivering in cold, they bought me clothes to resist the winter. When I lacked courage and was wounded by all the catastrophe that poured in endlessly, they provided me with a tranquil sanctuary to heal up, rest and take a step out of the chaos temporarily.   ... and only through poverty, I am proud to say today, I learn that all the priceless gifts of life are hidden in the simplest of things.