:: PARTIAL REVELATION ::     Timeline:  Past  So let me give a break to this story for the time being and invite you to a session about the mystification behind my pseudonym, Aura (Mars). Some may not have given it a second thought, others probably disregarded it but allow me to tell you that there are only a few things in life that I do just for the sake of doing. Personally, I love mystifications and this site is heavily founded upon these altered realities.   There are two implications to Aura in Greek mythology. According to the first myth, Aura was a beautiful Phyrgian maiden. She was believed to run with the speed of the wind and was one of the companions of Artemis, The Goddess of Moon and Hunting. Dionysus, the God of Wine, fell in love with her yet, He could capture her by no means. Thus, Aphrodite interfered and made Aura desire Dionysus hence she gave birth to Dionysus' twins. Then again, Aphrodite's spell backfired and caused Aura to linger in a delirious state which resulted in her slaughtering her infant children before throwing herself into the river Sangarius (a river in Asia Minor flowing into the Black Sea). She was then transformed into a fountain by Zeus.   Obviously, this one I try not to associate myself with. I may cause a storm made up of tears and, possessing the famous allegoric arrows of a Sagittarian, sarcastic demogogy when I am really hurt but delirium would be taking it a little too far.   The second myth of Aura is the one I truly love, indeed. According to some, Aura is the Goddess of the morning breeze. A corresponding myth describes her as being the daughter of Boreas (North Wind). Some say she is the daughter of Aiolus, King of Winds. She is often depicted riding upon a flying Swan.   Now this part is important when my favorite form of narrative style, ie. free association, is concerned. I always referred to myself and my transition into my actual self as becoming a Swan. You all probably recall the famous tale "The Ugly Duckling" by Hans Christien Andersen. Many stories of gender dysphoria include such apprehensions. The most popular of these smilies are Butterflies (thus it makes me laugh every time Mariah Carey shoves her obsession for this symbol/creature in our face) and Unicorns. When my life is considered, I very much feel it resembles the transformation of the ugly duckling into the beautiful swan.   Thus, Aura turned into a mythical persona that I idenify myself with (Along with Nyx but that is another story)..  Enough said! Let your imagination linger and find the rest...