:: INSIDE OUT ::   Timeline:  Present   I have been feeling exhaustingly sick these last two days.. I woke up suddenly early Monday morning and could barely have time to make it to the bathroom to throw my dinner up. It was nearing 5 am, all dark and nothing was audible apart from my uncle's snoring (storming). I felt thankful for it since I didn't want to wake anyone up so I sat there on the ground, randomly effected by a reflexive cramp which caused me to double over in pain and retch. Having left anything but bile to deliver into the toilet, I leaned my forehead on the edge of the bath tub and waited for the palpitations to subside...   ...it was then I realized that I was actually practicing my future. In that lovely "Playground" I have recently described, such would be the case if something like this happened in a long distant years ahead. A lonely suffering as it always has been. Still, I was not that scared child who was so afraid of vomiting any longer. I got up feeling dizzy and weary, flushed the mess, washed my face and went back to the Cocoon feeling as if my stomach was literally replaced with a rock. It was obvious that I was suffering from food poisoning. Resting my back on the pillows, I sat there in the silence, hugged my toy dog Johnny who has been my inseparable friend since I was 1 and whispered to him softly, "Well Johnny... Here we go again." He looked up at me with that compassionate smile of his as always and remained silent (as always). Then again (his) silent understanding was all I asked for.   That and the embrace of music... Wearing the headphones of my walkman, I turned the radio on... only to be welcomed by the entrancing tunes of Sarah McLachlan decipher all that I go through into notes:   "... Passion chokes the flower 'til she cries no more...  Possessing all the beauty, hungry still for more...  Heaven holds a sense of wonder  and I wanted to believe that I'd get caught up when the rage in me subsides..   In this white wave  I am sinking in this silence...  In this white wave,  In this silence I believe..."   So I believed and so I sat there embracing my companion until the first shrinking violet of the day sneaked into my Cocoon as if apologizing for all the darkness I have had to go through.