:: TRAINSPOTTING - Part Two ::   Timeline:  Past (Fall of 1995)   I was ready! More ready than anyone could be for that ultimate challenge in front of everyone who would also be ready to shun my self-esteem (which many considered as arrogance). Looking back at those days now, I can clearly see that it was probably another way of hiding my actual lack of self-love by overemphasizing my talent. For all my life, wherever I went, my voice stood up in the crowds and singing was one channel for me that led to acceptance by others. .. and it is this degree of acceptance which plays a crucial role in adolescence, indeed. Since I never developed a low voice and was so very happy for it, since music was an inseparable part of my life, it was inevitable that I would learn to use this unique attribute as a piece of instrument. I did, indeed... and it rarely failed me in awing others which let me have the aforementioned acceptance as I grew up instead of the "freak of nature" label.   I was not nicknamed "The Voice" for nothing, after all.   Nevertheless, none of these people was aware of these so I had my inner fun while I entered the Piano room all smiles and dropped my bag in a corner. Sprinter and other tenors welcomed me and it was then I realized I had a merry sparkle around me... While the tape was being ready for the rehearsal, I kept playing with the lyrics sheet while I tried to get to know the tenors. Aside from Sprinter we had Ode who really had a touching voice and is nicknamed likewise... and Mohican for certain.. How could that long, dark hair and constant defiance of his be forgotten? (I truly dislike long hair at a guy as a side note).. Who else was there? Oh yes Glasses... He was a short guy who usually suffered from detonation but well... We were crowded, indeed and in that cacophony who gave a second thought?   When Avarel arrived and the warm up was done, he examined a pile of sheets indifferently and came up with a "What were we to do today?" Thinking he darn knew what was in line and was just faking this attitude deliberately, I sighed slightly and craved for shoving that apathy in his face as soon as possible. A baritone raised his voice going, "Long Train Running!" and Avarel nodded as if he'd just remembered... "So.." he began turning to me "Shall we?" He pointed everyone to take their seats and pointed with a grin at the podium the piano was upon.   "Here we go" I thought "Nail it or quit!"... Like I had another choice but the former, anyway... When the first notes from the guitar filled the room, I hopped on the podium gingerly and started singing in a clear alto. I have this ability to switch singing from range to range (Charon used to say I'm the only one she knew who could duet with herself).. If I want I can focus on singing as a tenor (which sounds a little artificial but helps a lot when the notes get deeper) or as an alto, a mezzo-soprano (my real range) or soprano (Come Mariah may!). When the last notes faded, a loud cheer and applause roared before me and I found out with relief that "The Voice" did her job well....   ...and that I was welcomed by this group of people.   However, Avarel was not convinced, "Well..." he said as he took his bench behind the piano "..it's easy to sing alongside the tape. Let's see how well you'll do by yourself!"... I was feeding on his continuous challenge, indeed but I wonder if he was aware of this fact. The more he challenged me the fuller I got and the more he was bound to loose this nonsense. So he played and I accompanied gladly...   ...when it was over, everyone was certain that I was the lead of this song. Avarel raised his head and nodded contently... and this was how he raised the white flag....   And how my trainspotting came to a victorious end.