:: SNOW MUSE ::   Timeline:  Present   These two days have been magnificent especially due to the heavy snowfall and accompanying wind. It also meant we would end up suffering from power cuts, indiscribibly messed up traffic jams and even probable water cuts. Yesterday morning, I was woken up by the wind beating against my window, telling me to hurry up and make use of this setting even if I was in the heart of the city. Rubbing my sleepy eyes, I looked outside my window only to be welcomed by the snowflakes pacelessly hurled by the strong breathing of   Boreas . The sough in the air was so dominant that although I was looking at this scenery from within the warmth emitted from the radiator, it caused a shiver run up and down my spine while my father knocked on the door to tell me that the tea was ready if I wanted to have a breakfast with him. Wrapping the shawl that my best friend had given me as a birthday present last year around my shoulders, I hurried towards the chilly dining room. Here, on a really old sofa that had given up on its owners ages ago although the owners of it persisted to keep it, slept my father and although he always says he never minds the cold and loves to sleep in a cold environment rather than hot, I couldn't help but wonder how he didn't catch pneumonia. This was yet another thing the two of us had to endure all throughout these years.   "You look tired, beautiful" My father said as he passed me the cholestrol-free margarine, "Had a rough night?" I responded with a nod before I spread some butter on a slice of bread before I slowly chewed on my morsel, "I had a few nightmares, dad. You know they come and go."   A worried line appeared between his brows, "I thought they were gone for good but I am guessing you wouldn't give them a second thought when it's just your weather out there." He winked as he sipped his tea.   "Uh-hm.." I said while I nibbled on a tomato slice, "..I believe it will be an amazing day..." then I turned back at him empathatically, "At least for some of us... Do you need to get too far away from around here? It seems the storm will worsen and so will the traffic."   He waved my concern away and I needed not to pursue the conversation. Later in the day the powers went as expected and the whole city suffered from a great white burden. We kept hearing that people got stuck in the traffic and could not return their home and many people labelled yesterday as the most shameful day in Ponderland's recent past. This was the city where the heart of an enitre nation beat, where history and modernity have met in a lovers embrace over centuries and finally screwed their relationship up thanks to the civic government (but what's new?).   Around 5 pm, I started waiting up on my dad buried in my beret, scarf, my trendy jacket (oh it may be freezing cold, I may be broke to the bone but when it comes to the looks no one can stop me! I inherited my mother's great talent of putting all these cheesy/cheap/second hand things together and end up looking well done when finance is down the hill. When its back on track, though... oh let's not go in there, shall we?), my deep red gloves alongside my snowflaked everwhere else and was startled when I saw this guy who was carrying two huge bags at each hand (poor guy) trying not to loose balance on the snow clad streets of Ponderland while his approaching shadow turned into....   ...my father! (poor me).   "Dad!" I cried as my breath smoked out of my lips, "What's this?" I leaned over to help him with the bags as he sneezed "We needed new bath robes." I blinked and took one, not believing what I hear, "We did indeed but don't you think it's a little...not-so witty decision to buy them today?" We sat off and he sneezed again before he replied, "Never postpone today's deed till tomorrow, beautiful."   "Even if the weather is a turmoil and there is great possibility that some wind can blow me off my feet and I am prone to break a bone, injure a limb, hit my forehead to a car's bumper, cause an internal bleeding, be faced with death while I try to carry a humongous bag?"   He passed the bag over to his other hand and replied, "You need cigarette for the night?" I paused slightly, was left behind a little before running after him and musing "I think I'm like father like daughter" as opposed to his regular hit back about me being "like mother like daughter".   Today is different, though. The wind slowed its pace and the snowflakes dance in the air in a ballet that only nature can compose. The trees look as if they are dressed their naked trunks and brenches up in a fitting pure white attire and reach out towards the skies as extras in this great act. The naughty concrete jungle of the city has surrendered and let itself be clothed in matching suits so that man-made is covered to give way to the elegance of   Phusis 's winter dance.   ...a dance that is enhanced by a joyous symphony; the chiming laughter of children playing on the streets.