:: THIS OUGHT TO BE MY PLAYGROUND ::   Timeline:  Present   There are times when I sit down, close my eyes and wonder if this is truly what it is meant to be for me. When you live your life in a chaotic environment, you realize the importance of the concept "home" in your daily lives. Whatever negativity you may encounter in your daily lives, even the after effects of the trashiest occasions do slip away from your soul if you have a place of your own that you can lock against the turbulents of life and shelter yourself in its silence.   If I were to compose my current reality all over, I would picture myself in a studio-like, single-roomed apartment, overlooking the winking lights of the city and furnitured rather cozily; minimalistic yet modern. I always liked the blue and cream/white combination for some reason so the dominating colors would be likewise. I'd probably have red in the form of lava lamp and there would be nothing more than a few spotlights for the illumination. I'd definitely have a hairy rug (very 70s style that will take me back to the age of Flower Children) somewhere amidst the room with matching pillows scattered upon it... perfect to curl up with a book as the sweet smell from the incense filled the air. There would be various candles for sure... many of them... And I would arrive from work into this soothing scene, head off into the kitchen, cook me a made-up meal (I don't know how I gained the ability to instantly make up recipes with the ingredients currently available... what is even more surprising is the fact that they turn up something consumable... delicious, even), get myself a glass of wine and let someone like Nora Jones accompany me....   ... Sounds like a dream to get to... but I will!   if not today...   if not tomorrow...  someday, I will. 	   I owe this to myself.   If you have a home that can host tranquility for you, cherish it. One of the greatest lessons that these last 5 years of my life have taught me is that the following is a priceless gift one may ever have:    A space that can be home sweet home.