:: TRAINSPOTTING - Part One ::   Timeline:  Past (Fall of 1995)   As I entered the Piano Room on the aforementioned date/time, it was infested with many (used to refer at the uncountability of individuals) people who seemed so enthusiastic to start singing right away (not!). All around me were people drowned in goofy humor centered around the many ways of nailing a concert of which I had no idea about since it had taken place last year. Don't get me wrong, I'm not overly judgmental when it comes to stepping in a brand new setting. Then again, when the degree of your invisibility feels to high to bear, there is nothing left for you to do but to sit back and watch people.... in a not so neutral level. It was obvious that I was the only new arrival for the day (the Auditions lasted until Friday so perhaps there would be more newcomers in the coming days) and the only thing I could expect from this crowd was a few interested stares that didn't remain fixed on me more than a second before they turned away to meet that of an acquaintance. So I waited silently for the Avarel guy to appear in some corner since I heard that he was the one responsible for this ensemble.   Finally he appeared down the stairs and entered the room with that pesky smile on his face accompanying his slouchy walk. He was simply irritating, if you know what I mean. The first impression we had of each other was obvious and I wasn't fool enough to think it was going to be easy for me to sing when I had a thing against the one who would train us. He stood next to the bench (yes a bench, indeed) behind the piano and raised his voice to gain some attention. "Hey hey!! Silence please, everyone? Thank you... first of all, it's great to be among you again. I see all the old faces." [insert single claps, yeahs and yays from a huge crowd of guys in a corner here] "Yeah yeah nice to see you, too guys! And a few new faces..." he turned to nod at me and seeing all the attention turning at me with the speed of light, I nodded back to somewhere between him and....them. "...We'll have plenty of time later to chatter but let's be off. I want you all to take out a piece of paper and jot down a few sentences concerning what you expect from this ensemble." [rising murmurs from the crowd] "Come on guys it'll only last a minute then we'll start."   I tear out a piece of paper from my agenda and scribbled the following apathetically:   Well I'm here because I'll be darn famous one day and am writing this so that you can use it in the future as a proof to brag you had the privilege to work with me!   I passed the paper to him with a cute smile and sat back on the window pane I had been sitting all this time. His irritating smile spread on his face as he cast the paper aside before receiving others and placing mine on top of the pile. Then he arranged groups around the piano in a cresecent starting off with altos next to him behind the piano, then mezzo sopranos next to altos, bass next to mezzos, baritones next to bass, tenors (I was placed among them) next to baritones and finally sopranos who ended up on the other end of the piano....   ... It was fun, at least... but what was even more fun was when he read my note out loud during the break. I shrugged and stated, "Truth is truth." which received a few chuckles around. This is how Sprinter approached me for the first time to introduce himself. He was an all-smiles guy with a rather pinkish skin which actually emitted all the health he possessed. He was an athlete, quite well build yet unfortunately short. Well who cared? At least I now had someone I knew... Moreover, he was a tenor, himself, so it was a bonus (Actually I was NOT a tenor as everyone would soon agree but that was the highest possible male range... meaning, the only group I could fit in).   When we neared the end, Avarel said we were going to start working on Long Train Running by Doobie Brothers next time. We were passed out the lyrics of the song and he asked each and every one of us to obtain a tape and carry it along with us. They were going to record each song on our repertoire on our tapes individually so that we could practice the songs and our partitions at home.   Then again it was not ending here. He pointed at a few altos to practice the lead vocal of the song for Friday...   .....before he returned to me abruptly, adding "And you, too!"