:: ENCOUNTER OF THE FIRST KIND ::   Timeline:  Past (Fall of 1995)   I sighed and kept swinging my legs nervously down the edge of the wall I was perched upon. So they noted my name and told me that I was going to be "called in" for audition. Every minute this thing was getting more irritating for me and some girl who was standing nearby, making nasal noises as if she desperately needed to sneeze in between her vocal display by singing out passages from Bette Midler's "Wind Beneath My wings" was not helping, either. She had a fantastic voice for certain and I would probably have given credit for that if she could keep quite for a second or didn't talk seemingly humble about (ie bragged) how she ended up as Best Female Vocal at the same contest I had ended up second years prior to her.   I was so bored beyond measure and about to hop down and leave when they called me in a way that made me think I was about to audition in front of Andrew Lloyd Weber for the part of Phantom (of the Opera). I was thinking if they really were aware of the fact that they seemed ridiculously artificial by mimicking a "serious attire" and hopelessly trying to create a fake atmosphere.   When I entered what was called as the "Piano room", I realized rather sadly that it was just a large room with a piano in it. I mean here I was at what is known as the best University of Ponderland, graduating the millionaires of tomorrow, thought to be stuffed with the most intelligent youths of the entire nation.. and this "Piano Room" was such a creative attribution to a room with a piano in it, it hurt. The tall, thin guy behind the piano which very much resembled the   Avarel Dalton  of Lucky Luke smiled at me indifferently and said "Hi".   ...to which I nodded and "hi"ed back... to which his eyes widened... to which I sighed... to which he asked "We have a tenor here?"... to which I thought "Dream on mister"... to which I responded, "Whatever. Shall we start?".... to which we started...   When it was over, I was looking at my nails while "Well.." he said with a half smile, "..although I shouldn't hint at the results beforehand, you passed with flying colors". I nodded and thanked. Raising my stare, our eyes met and that moment I realized the coming days were going to host some serious ego clashes between him and I. I sparkled back a cocksure smile to his belittling smirk, took my bag and started crossing the room towards the door while he uttered a final, "Be here at 5 pm on Wednesday" behind me.