EPISODE III : Center Stage    :: PRELUDE ::   Timeline:  Past (Fall of 1995)   Upon deliberately failing at the Proficiency exam (For those who need some back up, this is the equivalent of TOEFL which is developed by the Oxford University originally. Some colleges prefer it instead of/in addition to TOEFL as a prerequisite) required to start Freshman year, I ended up as a Prep student. This was mainly due to the fact that I needed sometime to adjust to this brand new environment I was faced with. Soon, I was going to realize that it was one of the most accurate choices of my life since almost all the Undergraduates and Prep students of Bayside University were from the best High Schools nationwide. Mine was slightly above average yet it didn't change the fact that I was the only student there who had graduated from it. Thus, while people who were in the same situation immediately formed groups made up of old friends or acquaintances, I was all by myself... not knowing anyone... not having any idea of what to do next but to wait for classes or walk around idly.   The first day of school was disastrous. I woke up at 6 am to get ready and catch my first class at 9 am. Since getting to Bayside meant approximately 2 hours of public transport from where I lived (ie. torture), I was barely on time (but note that I am also a disaster when it comes to being on time) only to find out the classes were cancelled for the day. So it was 9:15 am in the morning, the first bus to where I lived was at 1 pm and I had 4 hours of blankness ahead of me.   Sighing, I found myself sitting on what the students were calling the "Steps" in front of the Faculty of Arts & Sciences and watching the daily activity of the campus. It was a sunny day in September.. slightly windy but not chilly at all. For a while my eyes scanned people hugging as they re-united, asking each other how the summer went and what courses there were on their schedule etc. It was a typical campus day at the beginning of a semester, indeed. However for me, it meant something more than that.... I needed to overcome this obstacle of being lonely. I mean I have nothing against being by myself but being lonely is a different thing. No matter how I feel, what I go through or need for the moment, I must be connected to people in one way or another. Total seclusion is something that can literally drive me insane.   Still, the pattern of time didn't alter its course for me just because I was struggling to set myself free of the webs of misery. Meaning, the more I desired it to pass quickly, the slower it got. After a little reading and a little listening to Mariah Carey's Daydream CD (exactly 2.5 times in row), I started feeling odd. I mean people around me were either chatting, having lunch, a cup of tea/coffee for a while before they left. No one was actually killing time up there but me. So I descended the steps and made my way to one of the Cafeterias. After deciding what to eat in as slow motion as possible, I made my way back to the campus rather unwillingly.   But my musical Muse had, per usual, other plans for me. While I was passing one of the many boards hanging each side of the corridor leading outside, a huge ad caught my eye by chance (or by fate):   AUDITION FOR BUMC CHOIR   Location: South Campus, Music Club, Piano Room.  Time: 3-6 pm.  Date: Starting off from that day until the end of the week.   This is your chance to be a part of Rock, Classical or Jazz Choir of Bayside Music Club (BUMC). Come join us in this polyphonic environment where you can put your voice into use other than rambling and bla bla....   I checked my watch.. It was only 12 am. Oh well, I did not have that divine a patience to wait up until 3 pm, doing nothing...   ... I was still repeating myself that it would be ridiculous to miss the bus at 3 pm just to audition for some non-professional formation that will be made up of guys who wish to broaden their mating horizons with new girls and girls who wish to scream out their daily stress while they wish to broaden their mating horizons with new boys as I was climbing down the stairs leading to the piano room.