:: TWO TO TANGO ::   Timeline:  Present   "I don't believe someone whose admirers list never runs out of personalities ranging from dedicated lovers to platonic devotees can ever know the real meaning of being alone" said Sahara, a female acquaintance from where I work who looked so in need of company and talking that I took her out for a cup of coffee at my favorite cafe around the corner. She was stating this sentence as we were seating ourselves in the balcony, covered with glass windows so as to form a secluded arbor against the cold weather. The waitress immediately pulled over a portable radiator near us and took our order with a warm smile. I knew that soon the owner of the cafe, Mrs.Rose, would appear to welcome me since she and her husband are very close friends of my father.   In the shade of fallen leaves scattered above the glass ceiling and across the view of a cozy garden that was quite popular all throughout spring and summer, stretching under us, I smiled an empathatic smile at her. How could she be aware of the fact that I was lingering within the same theme just the previous day? Then again, I did not speak because obviously she needed to be listened. She sighed as she went on, "I really don't know what to do, Aura" she went on "His mom's calling me was so unexpected but I tried my best not to show it. She seemed as if she just wanted to talk to this girl her son has been dating for a while. Thank you." She nodded at the waitress who was serving her coffee and my capucino. After she left, the girl continued, "I thought it was normal but then he called me later to tell me that he was so confused."   I raised an eyebrow as I stirred my cup trying not to ruin the deliciously rising cream from its mouth and asked, "Oh?"   She nodded back slowly with a worried expression dominating her petite facial figures, "She obviously told him that all I wanted was to con him and end him up as my husband as soon as possible. It is so not true! And that messed him up.. Then again, it was him who told me earlier that I shouldn't care about his mom's behavior no matter what she does because according to him that's the way she is. She also tried to separate him from his ex-girlfriend. Then why is he letting her affect him, then?"   I tilted my head slightly as I asked, "So do you want to end up married with this guy or not?"   She looked at me rather surprised as she uttered, "No! I mean who can know what tomorrow will bring?"   I sighed and sipped my capucino before I answered, "No one can but that's not my point, either. It's not a sin to want a serious, long-term relationship with someone. The thing is if you are hoping for something like that, this guy seems to be the wrong person."   She blinked a "Why?"   "Well dear..." I said softly as I turned my eyes towards the compass rose turning hastily across the heavy winds that have been dominating us these days "...for one thing, even if you two tie the knot officially this woman sounds like she will be determined to nose her way in his son's marriage at every opportunity. Second, do you find yourself worthy of loving someone immature enough to allow himself get confused with whatever thing his mom says?" I turned to see her lower her eyes, "Now don't you look so sad, Sahara." I said before reaching out and gently patting her arm "It is a win-win situation for you, you see? If he lets the clouds over his head dissolve and stands up for his relationship, you'll be the winner. If he doesn't, you'll still be the winner since you'll have gotten yourself rid of a mummy's boy."   She smiled slightly before she gulped her coffee, "I guess you're right."   I laughed softly as I leaned back, "Of course, I am! Now don't you bury yourself in misery over something which isn't worth your misery at all. Love seems like it is centered around two but let me tell you something I heard somewhere. It takes two people to form a friendship. For a relationship, you need at least three. You can never keep it out of third parties and that is how it flourishes if it is the real thing."   I saw a sparkle of amusement in her eyes while we heard the "Aura!" of Mrs.Rose chiming among the walls as she was approaching us.