:: DAREDREAM ::   Timeline:  Present   Undercovered was I,  shadowed with the absence of a never-present you...  Restless,   as breathless and sleepless as I could dare...    While I was walking away the streets of Ponderland, a swift yet chilly winter breeze was forplaying with my long, dark brown locks surrounding my distant expression. I was feeling quite tired after such a long night during which sleep abandoned my whereabouts, pages of a half historical, half mythical book tried its best to drift me away as one of the endless quarrels of my Granny and uncle kept raping the stillness of the house. Yesterday, was supposed to be my uncle's birthday. It was supposed to be one of those very few moments we were going to practice the art of being a family no matter how we feel against each other inside. If only my uncle's crisis did not interfere and his biology's need to take a few more Akinetons did not arise...    Would you hear....share?  Would you trance this moment so I can repair? 	   I sighed and approached the corner where I could usually hear the tunes of a street violinist welcoming me from afar. It was almost a daily ritual for me... Something so abnormally a part of my life that without hearing that melody skillfully escaping from the strings, the start of my day was not given. "Maybe it is just me", I thought. "Maybe my father is right when he keeps repeating that it is best to develop a defense mechanism for these moments of inescapable turmoil which repeated itself when they were most unexpected". It was yet another attempt to temporarily relieve my disturbed self, it seemed. However, it worked somehow and I decided to focus on creating a resistancy in the coming days. Not that I hadn't tried that before, by the by. Then again, it was worth giving it yet another try. After all, I was the mistress of persistence, wasn't I?    Take my veins to cruise my being...  ...or whisper a hymn to soothe the pain away...   It was then I saw them. A lovely looking couple descending the steps of the stairs that led to the pass over the railroad. The girl leaned over and gave a compassionate kiss on her lover's cheek to which he replied back by wrapping a tighter arm around her shoulders, causing her to snuggle and harbor herself in his embrace against the cold winter wind. "The arms of love", I thought, "when two could turn casualty into something special, how protective they could be." As she leaned her head on his shoulder and they slowly passed me by, I did not realize a faint smile was spread across my lips while I thought something similar to what they were experiencing seemed so buried into the past for me. The last time I felt that sensation was so far away that no matter how much I tried to recall, I could only grab a vision and not the feeling. It was healthy in the sense that, it meant I really had no burden over my love-free shoulders that belonged to my past. I was successfully away from all the hurt, all the longing and all the shadows of a long gone relationship. That was probably why I was ready to talk about them in the coming days even more than before.   Still, as everyone else, I also had that corner of my soul which desired the flare burning somewhere inside every single personality alive in this realm. The need of togetherness with a stranger.. the need to be complemented by that stranger who would gradually turn into a stranger no more.. Biting my lower lip, I thought "Never completing, though. Anything ideal comes out of complementing not completion for no other person has the power to complete... to make you whole". I was grateful for the many years of experimenting within Cupid's sphere which taught me this most valuable lesson. I had my share of trying for completion, in vain. That instant, I craved the tunes of the violinist. I wanted its notes to tell me there shall be a time for me and him, whomever he may be, again.   Frowning slightly, I halted at the corner to enable the violinist to start my day, accordingly. Maybe I was late... maybe he was early... for all I received were the hurried footsteps of wintered pedestrians and the sound of cold wind urging me onwards to pursue my day and leave moments of dramatic longings be...   How much of a reality am I?   How much of a dream are you?  And how much of this dreamy real can wipe time's dust...  	  ...to fast forward you and I into us?...