:: BEGINNING OF AN END ::    Timeline:  Past  I did not hear the ascending footsteps nor have I realized laughter coming from downstairs. I did not feel someone carefully sitting on the edge of the bed and watching me as I laid curled up upon the bed. It had taken me too long to finally cry myself to sleep the previous night and the sleep bestowed upon me was not so sound, either. Gentle fingers traced a wet lock off my forehead and it was that gentleness which called me back from my chaotic nightmares. I clinged to that touch in my mindscape and opened my swollen eyes to see him smiling at me.   He was wearing a cap... did he have to wear a cap? (I have something towards guys who make cap an inseparable part of their sense of fashion. A cap, a tight top accentuating a toned upper body and a trendy shirt the sleeves of which are tied up at the front is a sight I would turn around and look twice. If the guy is an epitome of male perfection, I would watch, save the image and replay it in my mind for the rest of the week.) Did he know me this well? Or was it only a coincidence which would certainly make things much harder for me than usual? I smiled weakly to which he said, "You look worn out."   I nodded and uttered an "I am." coarsely. He ran a thumb on my cheek while he said, "Can I do anything for you?" (This, even to this day, is the reason why Gambit has always been a harbor I chose to anchor whenever the turbulence of life overrun me. If you asked me what the initial attiude of a man towards his partner should be in a relationship -all forms of GLBT relationships included-, I would say it is this approach. There is nothing more soothing in the world for someone who possess even the slightest of stepped-forth femininity in themselves. Next time you see him/her down, instead of asking what the hell is wrong with him/her, try asking if there is anything you can do for him/her affectionately. It'll be worth the effort). I slightly shivered by this unexpected empathy and said, "Perhaps a bowl of cereal while I shower? Ask my grandmother. She will show you where it is."   He nodded and leaned over for a little morning kiss which infernoed my lips. I couldn't have time to differentiate whether it was due to the desire or the grief I possessed. He was heading for downstairs while I, lips still sizzling, headed for the bathroom. I bet it was the longest shower I ever took. I broke my shower record with a clean 2:14:34 (well yes that's hours:minutes:seconds, indeed) afterwards but let's not go in there for the minute. I did not get out until my grandmother was convinced that I had passed out.   Effect: People rushed into the bathroom screaming .:. I rushed out of the bathroom screaming.   Once outside, I could not postpone the inevitable any longer so I got dressed and went down. It seemed like the entire gang was there waiting up on me while they chatted the morning away with my Grandmother (why is it that every time you need your privacy on purpose, things get out of hands off purpose?). I thanked Gambit for the cereal which had already turned into a bowl of [insert disgusting, slimy material here] and disconnecting myself from my surroundings, munched it absently.   Allright so I had never broke up with anyone. Sue me... what was I going to say?   Gambit, I really like you so much but I believe what's happening between us should better not happen.   "Why?"   Because I'm not gay and being in such a relationship would only be channeling my actual sense of femininity into an unsatisfactory togetherness that would only torment me.   "Huh?"   Oh well...   Gambit this thing shouldn't happen because I'm a woman that is doomed to live as a male and I want to love and be loved as a woman, touch as woman, hold as a woman, dream and hope as a woman... so you see? I'm messed up.   "Err.. ok!"   Hmph..!!   These ramblings only came to an end when I realized the eerie silence around me. Blinking, I found out that I was still spooning the already empty bowl. Goddess was smirking, Gambit was grinning as he asked, "Want another one?", people were shaking heads with disbelief, I was blushing... hence we all lived happily ever after.   Later on the beach, I tried my best to keep my gaiety (pun intended) and finally as we were wrapping up to head back home in the afternoon found the chance to tell him that I needed to talk to him. He said, "Come directly to my house after dinner. We can talk all you want until we join the gang.... or perhaps you'd like to stay indoors all night?" I just said the post-conversational plans didn't matter since it was the conversation itself that was crucial. He nodded and whistled while he joined a few buddies on the way back.   I sighed wondering how I could get myself out of this and still remain friends with him when Goddess asked me if I was ready.