:: FAREWELL TO ARMS ::   Timeline:  Past (Summer of 1995)   Deliberate neglection was all about Gambit's ultimate Scorpio revenge which I joked about and laughed at when among friends and caused me an emotional flux when alone. The couple emitted all the glamour of a summer affair, indeed. That is to say when they were up and around. It wouldn't be a gross understatement to say they were mostly down and rough-and-tumble. Throughout the days they were locked indoors at Gambit's and since it was located on my way to the beach, I could see the girl's stuff, shoes at least, scattered around his veranda. I was trying to make myself believe that it was all about sex and this idea was highly supported by Goddess who was the girl's friend. That was how Gambit met the girl, indeed... Obviously the girl's family bought a house in one of the many blocks built along the seashore. She was a newcomer, Goddess was her friend and her introduction to the gang had been inevitable. I didn't mind that, at all, honestly. Although Goddess was feeling quite guilty about this affair, thinking she had played a role in it, I never blamed her. Who was I to blame someone in this entire issue but myself, anyway?   It was I who had entered the dark waters at first place and stirring them with my subconscious seduction, caused a whirlpool which sucked both myself and Gambit in as it drifted us half drowned into different directions. I rarely saw him throughout the seemingly freewheeling days and lonesome nights. The house where he had disclosed his most genuine feelings to me looked so corrupted now as I passed it by a few times each and every day. Whether it was simply hormones or not, my intuition told me you could only remain strangers if you slept with someone once.   If you slept with that person twice you were no strangers anymore.   On the outside everything seemed so painfully normal and as fun as it could get since everyone knew this was going to be our last carefree summer. From that point on, higher education which meant the initial step into maturity was going to be a major part in our lives... lives that could no longer possess the irresponsible merriness of youth. Every night was a party, every night equaled a hedonist swim in alcohol, every night was pulsating with a club beat or meant bringing someone's house down. The families were understanding, probably because they also knew that this time it was not only a farewell to summer but also a farewell to adolescence on our parts.   One specific afternoon while I was returning from the beach, it happened for the first time. A cramp slowly emerged in my thighs, made its way up to my crotch and spread all around my belly. I was accompanied by a neighbor so tried my best not to manifest my pain but as soon as I arrived home, I couldn't suppress a moan. My grandmother was at a visit to a nearby friend (simply everyone loved her and she loved being not only with us but also in a neighborhood where she can get together with old people like herself and socialize. She had been living with her sister, my obsessive compulsive Granny and her manic-depressive schizophrenic son all this time so I understood her all too well) so I made use of the loneliness so as to endure my pain freely. I turned on the shower and sat under the pouring hot water for about an hour trying to figure out what was wrong with me. When the pain turned relatively tolerable, I got out, leaving wet footprints behind me, and finally found a few pain killers in some drawer to ease it.   I got dressed with shaky legs while I experienced the first striking fear which disabled me from keeping my calm. I curled up under covers, wettening my pillow all the while, and sobbed the afternoon away until I fell asleep.   It was my father who woke me up for dinner and slashed me for ending up in bed all wet. Ignoring his comments, I got up to realize that the mysterious cramps had subsided.   That night the gang's plans were to go out clubbing and instead of sitting alone at home and worrying myself to the bone, I got ready and headed to the beach before everyone else. Sighing, I leaned against the garden walls of a villa on the shore and lit up a cigarette. It was a most serene night accompanied by a crescent moon alongside the rhythmic symphony of the waves breaking with a crescendo and retreating with a decrescendo.   "Some things change, it seems. You are never early."   Or maybe it was not....   I closed my eyes slightly then re-opened them to see the shadow of Gambit sitting on the sand a little away. "Yes" I said weakly before exhaling the smoke "Some things change."   He buried his cigarette into the sand and came over to sit next to me and it was only then I realized the frown on his face. He seemed way too thoughtful than he usually was when he turned to look at me. It was that moment that I realized the many references made in romance novels could actually reflect truth. The tension in between was so dense that I could touch it. I had been there for more than a month and it was my third time seeing him at most. Not to mention our first time just by ourselves. It was I who finally broke the eye contact to face the salty breeze coming from the sea. "That and you are never silent." he said after a while, catching up with the conversation that already seemed a million light years away from me.   It was too hard not to cry right there, right then. However both of us knew that a tear would mean his victory in this game that I had started a year ago. "I don't like being silent." I said.   "Then speak up" he urged with a cute smile before lighting up another cigarette. Taking another breath from mine, I simply said, "I can't."   "You can but you won't." he said dryly to which I shrugged and muttered a "Yes". He knew me way too well to see everything I was thinking about on my face. That was why I was trying my best so as not to look him in the eye after the first contact. Then again I couldn't help an inevitable "Why?".   He remained silent for sometime and I was way too afraid to look at him, to decipher his facial expressions or his body language. "Can you..." he asked softly "....can you tell me that history won't repeat itself?"   He shouldn't have asked that. We both knew that it was the only question I could not answer properly. It was not my fault I was not born the way I should have been. It was not my fault that I couldn't love him the way I was, in the form I was trapped in, within a life that didn't even belong to me. It was not my fault that when I desperately wanted to run free of my skin and all the borders that imprisoned me, I could not face the world right next to him, holding his hand and looking at a tomorrow not closeted.   And it was not my fault that I couldn't lie to him... A barely more than a whisper "No" escaped my lips which was followed by an "I cannot".   About half an hour later, the gang found me sitting on the sand all by myself with salty traces of already dried tears on my cheeks and a burning cigarette butt between my fingers.