:: TIPS ON TRACK ::   Timeline:  Present   The posts of yesterday might not have made any sense to many of those who visited this corner of the virtual space. Let me try to explain the why of those 2 previous entries with high hopes to recall sanity. When I visited my blog yesterday, I was shocked to see that there was this huge ad which shouldn't have been there. It looked as if it was placed right atop the title The Eyes of Aura Mars, grossly making itself towards the Phantasmemoria and pathetically ending up upon it. The actual logo was not visible due to this eerie replacement. I was shocked because the site was designed ad-free.  Never realizing this was due to a problem with the PC's Internet settings, I collapsed melodramatically in vain. Today, everything seems to have returned back to normal, peace and serenity are bestowed again and I am hoping to catch up with the Ontology as I planned.   Then again, this is not an apology for any inconvenience I may have caused and whatsoever. After all I am free to experiment all forms of insanity alongside my sanity, thank you.   Hence, let me answer a related question.   What to and not to expect here?   Although this is about my life story, my personal experiences and ramblings, note that free association is the narrative form I am most related to. I can guarantee that there will be times when you will come across a post which is highly symbolic and incomprehensible (Such as the recent ones the reasoning behind of which I have just explained. However, there will be many things that will appear likewise yet the facts behind them will not be revealed simply because no matter however unbelievable that may sound, even I have things to be kept private. Thus, the style, the mystifications can be seen as my version of a "lock" to this Memoir.) I welcome those who read to think and reccomend, upon coming across a symbolic entry, to take a second look at the material and find the elements that will enable them to apprehend their personal meanings to the various images in the text (it is the basics of reading/writing free association, anyway). Another wise thing to do would be regularly checking the Comments posted. Something that sounds odd in a post the previous day might very well be rationalized down there the following day. Make sure you skip them keeping this in mind.   Finally, I urge everyone who read to read/masturbate to never come back to this corner of the net again.   The title Phantasmemoria is appealing and deliberately deceptive in that sense but just because my life can get sarcastically laughable at times doesn't necessarily mean that I am laughing.