:: I WANT TO BE YOUR SHOEBOX::    I was to write about that controversial summer of 1995 but the ads so touched my being that my creative juices froze. So I go for the easy material and simply quote. If I am to love a poem, this is the kind, I would. Enjoy if you dare and realize that I am not always into the ageless deeds of Shakey* at all. An honorary mention goes to   A Day In The Life  wherein I came across:   I Want To Be Your Shoebox  by Catherine Bowman    Timeline:  Present Progressive   I want to be your Fort Knox  I want to be your equinox  I want to be your paradox  I want to be your pair of socks  I want to be your paradise  I want to be your pack of lies  I want to be your snake eyes  I want to be your Mac with fries  I want to be your moonlit estuary  I want to be your day missing in February  I want to be your floating dock dair  I want to be your pocket handkerchief  I want to be your mischief  I want to be your slow pitch  I want to be your fable without a moral  Under a table of black elm I want to be your Indiana morel  Casserole. Your drum roll. Your trompe l'oeil  I want to be your biscuits  I want to be your business  I want to be your beeswax  I want to be your milk money  I want to be your Texas Apiary honey  I want to be your Texas. Honey  I want to be your cheap hotel  I want to be your lipstick by Chanel  I want to be your secret passage  All written in Braille. I want to be  All the words you can't spell  I want to be your International  House of Pancakes. I want to be your reel after reel  Of rough takes. I want to be your Ouija board  I want to be your slum-lord. Hell  I want to be your made-to-order smorgasbord  I want to be your autobahn  I want to be your Audubon  I want to be your Chinese bug radical  I want to be your brand new set of radials  I want to be your old-time radio  I want to be your pro and your con  I want to be your Sunday morning ritual  (Demons be gone!) Your constitutional  Your habitual  I want to be your Tinkertoy  Man, I want to be your best boy  I want to be your chauffeur  I want to be your chauf-  feur, your shofar, I want to be your go for  Your go far, your offer, your counter-offer  your two-by-four  I want to be your out and in door  I want to be your song: daily, nocturnal  I want to be your nightingale  I want to be your dog's tail...    *Shakey:  The not-so-funny term that was used to refer at Shakespeare when I was at University... which may also righteously imply that studying Literature has literally nothing to do with literary creativity.