:: STILLNESS ::   Timeline:  Present   *8 days and I'm still not smoking. The thing is, it really seems I managed to quit this time.  Occasional  Regular nicotine cravings have been dealt with successfully. It is simply that I don't know what to do now. I'm like.. well yes I quit smoking simply because that was the only challenge I could implement to alter the monotony of my life these days but what now? It is nice not to smoke. Then again I picture myself within the environment that surrounds me as a smoker and not a nicotine-free person as I used to be (That person also did Aerobics and cardiovascular daily, danced regularly, never missed an opportunity to further train her voice, was trendy as hell, was always on the search for expanding her self-improvement borders and just flash-backed to day and realized that it would be best to go through them alongside the Ontology instead of listing in a shallow manner). So, I still don't smoke but I don't like not smoking, either and feel like I'm back to those days when I was "smoking curious".   *[Attention: The following ain't self-pity. This is just another reality I have to get used to once I survive the initial shock, that's all.]   I despise, loathe, feel extremely sorry and even pity people who smile you in the face and gossip like there's no tomorrow behind you. If such are those among my family, I'd rather be an orphan thank you. I wiped all my mother's side of the family out of my life after her death just because they were disrespectful towards my father when he was absent but I was around. Alright, so they assumed I didn't like him, either. True, I didn't. They thought I was accusing him of my mother's death, too. That wasn't all false, either. However, he was my father! And no matter what I thought about him, I could never have let someone who talk/think so low about him in my life.   Thus, I ejected that side of the family up into the heavens so far away from me. As you will soon read in the Ontology, that left me my father's side who are all mentally sick and utterly unstable. Thanks to Fate there were only a bunch of them (3 to be specific) and they were locked up in their own mental and physical asylum, messing up each other's lives and only turned to us because they depended on my dad financially.   Fate had other plans, though. When everything in our lives started to shatter and there was no opportunity left for us to go and live with them, it was the same Fate that was giggling at me from amongst the shadows.   Today, through the paper thin walls, I heard my Granny and her son gossiping about me in such a bitchy way I have never ever heard in my entire 27 years. Obviously, they thought I wasn't hearing. I was aware of the fact that my father was switching between divine and dirt status for them occasionally but I never knew I was included to that nonsense, either. Like the burden of not being able to do the same thing I did to my mom's side of the family to these two lunatics was not heavy enough, I am now faced with the fact that I am also belittled, disregarded, downgraded and filthed upon by those who always seemed to love and protect me under their wings. True that I said that we were acting out a parody of a family and I was aware of it. Then again, I never imagined that the degree of humiliation I have been getting from them in my absence could be this trashy!   I am not that Polyanna enough to think that there are people out there who have never talked behind me. That include my friends, just acquaintances, those who just know about my past but never knew the real me etc. I lived in the form of a boy for 22 years and then stood up and altered everything about me altogether. That fact alone is trash material for anyone who wishes to improvise on it. Then again, I seriously don't think that the outcome of even such idiocy could reach the degree I eavesdropped today.   The stranger might take me as a slut and tries to harass my sexuality at most. However the so-called "family" harassess everything about me including my personality, my beliefs, my past, my present, my every single failure, intimate things only those who are closest to you can know about, my most innocent feelings that I foolishly disclosed to them at times... and taking my jokes as sheer facts, they end up deciding I'm just a useless piece of mud who has no honor, no pride and no life (which, according to them, is something I deserve).   Well I'm... I... I really don't know what else to say. Words fail to express how I'm feeling at the moment.   *lights up a cigarette*   Puff to that!