:: AGAIN ::   Timeline:  Past (Summer of 1995)    That Friday...    That night...    That Friday night, I made my entree at Gambit's after hearing everyone was gathering at his place before heading off to the only club within 100 miles. I did not inform anyone, not even Goddess or Predator, about the exact day of my arrival although I gave them a maybe.   However could you take a wild guess as to the volcano erupting inside me?! I was dying to learn all about this wench who cast her hands on my...   On my...   Oh well... Don't you just love when you expect everyone in your past to forever remain head over heels for you? It is a wicked instinct which is extremely harmful in the sense that the fact almost always turns out to be the way it shouldn't have been and you are left behind with another ego crack to be tended. What was even more intoxicating for me, though, was in this specific case, the fact was exactly the way I wanted it to be! Considering this was the very first contact in my life that ever came close to an intimate relationship, it affected all the relationships in my life drastically. Consequence? I still tend to believe all my exes are madly in love with me and that I am so unbelievably irresistibly, undeniably, inevitably indescribable that.... *cough*   Anyway, as I stepped inside the house everyone gave this big, wild, surprised cheer that I was expecting them to give and yes it was caused deliberately on my part to make the owner of the house see how adorable a friend I was and how pathetic it would be to loose someone like me altogether (When I'm game, I'm game to the bone. I do what it takes to trigger all the right strings).   ...did he give a darn, really!? He was not even there among the gang... So where was our host? Oh he was upstairs... Upstairs?...In his room... with his girl... and obviously [insert winking chuckles here]... I desperately wanted to get drunk that instant...or collapse a Scarlett O'Hara flop into the nearest person available's arms feeling rejected (whereas it was I who pushed him away), unwanted (whereas it was I who seemed not to want him), unattractive (no use to reason this. It is a useless female thing), hopelessly stupid and... I couldn't feel more than this for the minute since he was there coming down the stairs looking so relieved and followed by a short, slim blonde looking so... well... you probably have come across that smirk on a female's face that goes, "I just got laid 'till I can't stand and believe until my endorphin levels turn normal that it's such a wonderful world we live in that it hurts."   Gambit traced a hand in his slightly long hair and nodded at me, "Hi there. Didn't know you'd come these days." I nodded back, glanced at the girl, managed a smile and even said hi before I turned to him, "It was meant to be a surprise. I guess it was. It turned out to be one, either." She got a nice body. That is if you could tell the whereabouts of the boobs.. and was she cross-eyed a little? And maybe a little too giggly?   He was standing right across me, buttoning his shirt. I could smell him.. Smell man and salt mingling in a fading after shave. Smell the afterheat of sex slightly being emitted through his body.. And all I could think of was to slap him in the face, scream a totally nonsense "How could you do that to me?!" and jump on to him right in front of everyone, tear open his shirt and let my hands slide on his chest down to his belly button then let passion interacting with despair and anger lead to system rocking sex.   But I was drawn away by Predator to a car and let all that I couldn't do to him embody themselves into music and rhythm around the dance floor all night long, instead.    Timeline:  Present   Another thing that fits today's title is a thing I did again. I have been a member of   OIA  since 1998 (We'll come there one day in the Ontology if we can). Back then it was just a small community really. I turned a most popular Chat Guide and along with my online friends we had so much fun and such intimate, real friendships which transpassed all geographical borders in between that those who got weary of gay.com's drama queens and visited OIA chatrooms turned immediate regulars. I humbly believe the foundation we built back then contributed to the rapid development of Out in America which is one of the most popular GLBTI portals on the net currently. Then again, neither of those (including myself) oldies are among the chat rooms any longer. Excluding Jared [the ever-silent], I guess, who was, who is and who looks like will be.   Then again, I like going through the profiles, rating people who I believe deserve it and occasionally see the pictures of those very few that fall into the you-make-this-world-a-beautiful-place category for me. I mean don't you ever go there if you are not gay or bisexual. Especially if you are a straight female like myself, don't you ever try if you are not in a masochistic mood that will force you to torture yourself by looking at various embodiments of male beauty who are all gay.   Just kidding. I like all forms of beauty and am personally proud to see that the majority of gay men and women do look after themselves and their bodies amazingly well. For me they will always stand physically superior against the bigotry rooted in obese societies that try to degrade them at every single opportunity. You go boys and girlz! (why am I exluding myself here as if I don't belong to GLBTI community theoratically? Well... I might be egocentered at times but I am no megalomaniac to count myself within the epitome of beauty category -but don't let that stop you-).   Anyway there was this boy that I rated ages ago and I believe is over-the-top good looking physically (if it is really him, in the picture that is. If it is not him, that's still fine. I appreciate his choice of faking it with such a great guy). Today I found out he also rated me 10/10 which was a lovely morning surprise. So I just thanked him for dropping by and the voting (disgustingly formal)....   ...whereas someone else in my shoes would have drooled a pool in front of her and let him know about it. I mean yes that is not a way to hit off a conversation with someone, anyway but mine is not, either.   It is so hard to be me, sometimes.   Cheers to you BiHotie!   (PS: That was some confession which can potentially be used against me in the future by my friends, you know.*sighs*)