:: ICE ICE BABY ::  Timeline:  Present   I am often asked why Winter is my favorite season as opposed to Summer which is crazed by the majority of the globe. Well for one thing, I don't like heat. That is to say natural heat which is unavoidable. Take a shower, swim a mile, deep freeze yourself but none would change the fact that your relief will be painfully temporary. As soon as you step into the heat, the body re-adjusts its temperature. If that is not enough, this readjustment period equals sweat... that equals water loss... that... oh, you get the idea!   Initially, I used to love winter simply because people don't pay too much attention to each other when all they have on their minds is reaching somewhere/anywhere hot. They pass you by without a second look and when you are a gender dysphoric child who is trying to disguise his extreme androgeny in public the way I did, the semi-darkness, the rainfall or snowflakes that cause everyone to mind their own business is a priceless gift.   Later, I realized that I truly loved the melancholy of Winter which is not only a faithful company if you are antisocially cursing your luck but also a reason to adhere people to each other regardless of their feelings towards the season.   Cold makes everyone cold.  And when someone is cold someone usually craves for something cozy.   Thus, people experience times that actually bind them on a very intimate and personal level as opposed to summer times that bind people by almost always a setting. Winter forces people to cuddle under blankets or share an umbrella... She forces people somewhere inside so that they can form a link, communicate... Noone can underestimate the unifying effect of the cold.   As my breath smoked out of my lips, I smiled slightly at the gathered snow on the sidewalk. Another thing I love is to dress up resembling an astronaut and step out into the cold having defeated it already. Walking amidst the snow, being immune to the chill that tries to sneak in at every single blow of the wind is something I adore..   ..Today, I welcomed the first snowfall in Ponderland with open arms. I am sure many people out there who live in this city is cursing and longing for summer already. Well... Just as I longed for this day for almost a year.       This person shall play an important role in my life, you will see. I don't know what it is, I don't know how it will be but I have this strong sensation that something crucial for me will embody itself via him. I don't think it will be anything romantic maybe career-wise or he will be the denominator in an important fraction for me... Who is he? He is a little-known actor but is believed to be very talented. If you ask me he is a moderate actor and a well-educated person that's all. And no he is not my type of good-looking, either. Nevertheless, my intuition has always been one of my greatest powers. When something clicks my 6th sense, it means it needs not to be underestimated. I even knew I would find and loose my soulmate in this lifetime beforehand.   Sounds nonsense?   *grins mischievously before she turns and slowly disappears into the snowfall*