:: WEIRDOM ::   Timeline:  Present   I live in an environment:   ...where a manic-depressive schizophrenic who has never dated a female before nor has he ever had intercourse with one, decides out of the blue that having reached 40 something years of age, he should have himself Viagra prescribed to boost his non-existent sex life.   ...where an obsessive compulsive woman who successfully managed to turn her son into the above, regularly makes up a physical illness that will enable her to draw everyone's pity so that she can jib at cooking and washing the dishes and suck up the patience of the rest.   ...where a 63-years-old man still tries to jump over the obstacles of life and fight against them as if he is still 30 years old so that he can give the life that he owes to his daughter back.   ...where a young woman of 27 dreams about a crystal clear tomorrow only to find out that tomorrow is as stubborn as herself so as to keep coming as mysty as yesterday.   ...where this quartet smile and act out a successful parody of a family every day so that when they are apart , they can whine about and, if possible, curse at each other and their necessity of living together.   ...where watching TV, spending a peaceful night, sleeping safe/sound, depend on the manic level of the schizophrenic.   ...where the meals of the week are set. Monday: Omlette & Pasta, Tuesday: Leek and Rice, Wednesday: Eggplants & Pasta, Thursday: Cabbage & Rice, Friday: Cauliflower & Pasta, Saturday: Just Pasta, Sunday: Beans & Rice.   ...where the corners and under furnitures of the rooms are adorned with 20 something years of dust, where spiders and cockroaches should have been sharing the rent up until the moment they settled in the apartment and over the years while establishing their natural habitat, where shower permission is granted by the Spider Queen living in the bathroom and the meal permission is granted by the Cockroach King reigning in the living room. (Kitchen is free play. You enter at your own risk.)   ...where this nightmare has been going on for 5 years.    Timeline:  Very Present   Coolangel has been talking about her boyfriend endlessly for the last 20 minutes but what's new? (if she could find a lover, anyone, I repeat, ANYONE can, believe me.) Her relatives living in Dumberland, have a Pittsbull named Jones. Jones has been a little itchy lately due to his obvious needs to mate so they find him a bitch. Once the couple returns from cloud no: 9, they get seperated because the owner of the bitch lives in Ponderland. But wait... what if the bitch falls pregnant? Startled by this possibility, the first thing the relatives do is to take pictures of Jones and send them to Ponderland with a note attached going:   "You're no bastards, puppies. This is your father!"   (Signed: A friend?)    Timeline:  So Past (1994-1995)   As summer came to an end, I was faced with another challenge. The two college exams, CEE (Candidate Election Exam) & SRE (Student Replacement Exam) that were waiting for me. I found myself among multiple-choice tests, countless books and in one of the hundreds of organizations nationwide that were specialized in helping out university-student-to-bes in this marathon. I turned a phenomena before the courses started. I was the one who missed the Bayside University (ie. The Harvard of Ponderland) with only one point, the one who graduated 4th from high school thus would be getting a higher bonus, who was tall, blonde and so hot (err I was just 5'9'' and as skinny and dark as I could get), who was the genius and the humble (actually I was ingenious that seemed like intellect and introverted that was mistaken for humility), the one who was...   Rumors get out of control, they do.   Soon, they found out that I was mainly funny, had an awkward voice and nothing more. When their hopes shattered, they just got along with me well, and consulted me regularly about the FLT (Foreign Language Test). I had great friends there none of whom are in my life currently. Still, those days were... full of competition lurking in every shadow... stimulating, if not anything else.   Once the courses were over for the day, I would go to my Granny's (My Grandomther's sister) who lived with his manic-depressive schizophrenic son whom I call my uncle and my Grandmother. It was the first time that I was introduced to the Coccoon (ie. the room that I stay at the moment). The walls of this room hosted two crucial stages of my life both of which introduced me into a brand new world upon completion. The first one being my preparation period to the uni exams and the second one being my transition. So I call the room, the Coccoon (It is actually my uncle's room).   In the afternoon, my dad would drive over from work, we would eat dinner together and then set out for our house. This lasted for almost 9 months. Many things can be said about this period of my life but monotony covering the hard work and constant study would be the best summary.   Hence, I passed both exams and scored within the first percantage (61st to be more spesific) among hundreds of thousands of candidates which meant I was credited to study Western Languages & Literatures at Bayside University. It was a tiresome winter for me again. However, had I ever gone through a lifespan that would grant me with the physical, mental and emotional freedom, I so needed?   When the results were up and around, we were packing up for the summer house. It was then I received a phone call from Goddess which briefly went:   -Hi hon. Congrats! I knew you'd nail it.  -Thanks. How's everyone?  -A little too well. When are you comin' over?  -On Friday, I guess. Why?  -We need you here.  -Spill it.  -Gambit....   My heartbeats turned faster but it was only a palpitation caused by the hot weather for certain.   -....is shaggin' this girl, day in day out. I guess they're becomin' an issue together so get your butt over here asap... need to run sweets... hurry up, will ya?...love you....   beep...  beep...beep...  beep...beep...beep...