:: IRRITATED STRAIGHT TO THE BONE ::   Timeline:  Present   I wish sexual orientation were a personal preference. I would gladly turn bisexual, mind you. However, I am as straight as I can be and thus, have to endure all the imbecility straight guys emit as far as relationship patterns go. I want to scream on the top of my lungs that it is not that I accuse straight guys for feeling guideless when it comes to how to approach an estrogenic metabolism the right way BUT their extreme stubbornness to remain as idiotic as they are and refuse to do something about it!   *takes a deep breath*   It is all because I keep receiving these text messages from a guy I waved goodbye ages ago. Since he is not a major figure and I will not even mention him in the Ontology, here is the story briefly. This guy was an avid reader of mine while I was composing "Diary of the Night" online and we happened to chat now and then. He was so enthusiastic about meeting me whereas I was so through such things that my apathy was its extreme. Anyway, he disappeared all of a sudden and reappeared months afterwards with a girlfriend. Then disappeared and reappeared with a relationship on the rebound. Then disappeared and reappeared yesterday with a belated happy New Year SMS to which I replied out of kindness. He replied back going he was back in Ponderland (he works in England) and that missed his country bla bla (obviously his relationship was history)...   I was like... But what makes you think I'm interested in your life, I wonder. Still, being the angel of kindness I am, I wished him good luck, hoped he had fun and bid him farewell. This morning I woke up, turned my mobile on and immediately received 2 messages sent after midnight. One reporting where he was and what he was doing (?) and the other going, "There's a girl nearby and I suspect she is you." (??!!??)   It still sounds unbelievable to me after all those years of dating heterosexual guys. They still can surprise me with their nonsense. Let me tell you what is behind this straight nonsense, too:   *Guy likes the girl. Girl is neutral towards the guy.  *Guy chases the girl for a while then realizes that his target needs some effort to get to so goes for another one. In the meantime, the girl goes through the controversial "testing" period. She needs some time to figure out whether the guy's feelings are sincere or not so while she keeps her silence/neutrality, she actually waits for his next move.  *She waits for that move in vain while the guy finds herself a girl and thinks, "Alright so I didn't say goodbye to the other one. I can go back to her if things go awry or if one day I change my mind and focus on/give a second chance to her."  *The girl saves this period when she waited for the guy's next move meaninglessly to her RAD (Red Alert Disc) before moving on.  *The guy's relationship is over. He tries the girl again thinking since he never said goodbye and there are no hurt feelings in between. The RAD warns the girl immediately, she shoves his try in his face and walks away.   I so hate it all... I so hate to see it all, too.... but alas! I am a part of it. *sighs*   All I know that if I have a long-term relationship one day (including marriage), it will be with a straight acting bisexual hunk. I do know today that a guy who has never touched another guy with affection (the degree of this is unimportant. It can be merely sexual or highly emotional) in his lifetime can't ever comprehend the female psyche/needs.