:: OUT OF ONE ::     Timeline:  Present   *2nd day without smoke: Quit smoking at the verge of 2004. Starting off from 23:30, I chimneyed my lungs to the downmost bronchitis not because those were the last moments my lips would ever suck on the filter of a Marlboro Lights Menthol but rather I wanted to get myself sick due to oversmoking with high hopes of its helping me loathe smoking slightly. Conclusion: I didn't get sick but I quit anyhow.   *Victoria's Secret presents Aura's Enigma: I don't know how it happened. Maybe it was because I was not expecting alcohol to hit me this quick or I was too ready to get drunk due to the longing mood I was experiencing.. No matter what it was, I opened the door of the room I sleep (it's not MY room, it never will be) in, made my way into the living room, hugged my dad and uncle, wished them a happy new year, turned around, fell on the sofa as the clock hit 12 am, happened to look at TV only to see women in lingerie doing the cat walk. I mean... yes my Granny was already in bed and my dad and uncle are... well... genetic (straight) males for whom a flash of bare female flesh is an immediate call for testosteronic attention. But this was unexpected. I couldn't believe that two mature (well at least one...the maturity of other can always be questioned) men caused me to step into the new year by watching Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. Like I told Daniel  .... As far as tradition goes, I need to turn a lingerie model. Honestly, I dreamed of becoming a model at some point of my life but 27 is a sour age in a sector where 17-years-olds pop up every other minute to beat each fine line you are destined to have botoxed in a few years.      Timeline:  Past (End of Summer 1994)   As I knocked on Gambit's door that night, I felt an insuppressible nausea taking over me. Looking back at that specific moment now, I can tell you that the reason of my anxiety was not entirely due to ruining the foundations of a possible relationship but also the fact that it was going to be the first time ever I was going to talk my gender dysphoria over with someone other than my mute self. When he opened the door, clad in nothing but boxers, a perfect tan and CK One (This is one of the two scents in the universe that literally turns me on. I can spot the odour even in a crowd and it still makes my stomach clench), all I could do was to fake a smile and step inside.   One of the reasons why I have no self esteem problems other than the occasional, feminine, "I'm so ugly" tripping is because I never felt rejected as I... well... let's put it together simply and say "came out". If there would be one advice I could give for all those who wish to cherish all the greatness being out brings along but have no idea where to start, it would be picking up the very first people in your life that you will come out to carefully. If through those initial moments of voicing the real you, you are faced with sympathy and understanding, it gets so easier to develop your courage to face the rest of the world.   He sat across me on the floor, nodding slowly and silently as I told him all that I had to go through by myself. His patience was amazing because when I stopped talking it was near midnight and obviously I halted just because I had the inevitable jaw-ache. Sometimes I cried as I spoke... at others I was like a 6 years-old who had memorized his part in the play, ie. as fast and monotonous as I could get. All he did was to listen to me, refill my coffee mug occasionally and eventually held my hands in his.   It was then I realized that I had not looked him in the eye even once all through the night.   I can still vividly remember what he told me after I concluded my monologue with the why-I-can't-be-with-you part. He said:   "I want you to know a few things. First, I'll be by your side whenever you need me. Second... no-no just listen and don't interfere... second, if you can't love yourself you can't love another. Cliche, I know but if it's this popular, then it has the credibility. And third, I tell you now and I mean it from the bottom of my heart that no one can and will love you as much as I do. But I'll let you go because you need it."   It was so much more than I could ever imagine that I hugged him, cried in his arms some more and inhaled his scent deep as I wetted his skin with my teardrops. I was feeling exhausted because of the sudden burden lift over my shoulders so he dropped me back home, stroke my cheek slightly before I got out of the car, closed the door and watched him drive back.   As I locked the front door, I was thinking whether he could stand for what he had said in the coming days. He did... Especially, as far as the "loving" part goes...   ...no one has managed to prove him wrong as of yet.