:: END OF A BEGINNING ::     Timeline:  Past  [Warning: Touching material, ahead. If you are not in the mood for it, scroll down and read the   Splendidized , spiffy version]  I silently climbed the stairs so as not to wake my grandmother and father but although my footsteps were quited, my mind was racing with enhanced speed. Ears buzzing, I closed the door of my room and leaned against it as shadows caused by the light pouring in weakly through the shutters, danced around me. Instead of a hectic delighted feeling that should have carried me over the moon, I was confused and feeling abnormally ashamed of myself.   With weak steps, I dragged myself to bed and laid down gently while weak moonrays dissolved and reshaped around me. In the stillness of my room, I slowly came to realization that I was motivated by a long suppressed feminine instinct all throughout the summer. The need to be desired, cared about, looked after and on top of it all, embraced with love. An instant of utmost misery caused my brow to cease since I knew that what I could have would only be a gay relationship which would be far from quenching my thirst... a thirst belonging to a woman.   There, at the age of 17, I realized that I could never ever escape from the grasp of my true self. I could not deceive myself, nor could I deceive Gambit for that matter. I was not a male and I knew that he didn't love me as one, either. We were just going to be fooling ourselves, remain in disguise to the outer world and perhaps be happy for a while until realization stroke. I could not build a healthy relationship upon such foundations.   If I were gay, that is if I were a guy loving him as a guy and him loving me likewise, it would have been perfectly allright. But such was not the case, we knew it unconsciously and I was feeling so guilty because I was the one who blindfoldedly plotted this alltogether. Closing my eyes, I imagined him touching me, kissing me, caressing my body... a body that did not belong to me at all. I moaned softly with agony...   ... as I felt the tears tracing down my cheeks. I would not, could not, be loved the way my soul craved for. I heard an owl hoot.... moonrays shivered slightly while they accompanied the pain engulfing my curled up figure being shaken by my sobs.    Splendidized Version   :: END OF A BEGINNING ::   I silently climbed the frightfully beastly stairs so as not to wake my grandmother and papa but although my footsteps were quited, my mind was, and I don't mean to be bogus, racing with enhanced speed. How shaming! I dare say, ears buzzing, I closed the frightfully boring door of my room and leaned against it as shadows caused by the frightful light pouring in weakly through the dratted shutters, danced around me. Ugh, how uncouth! Look here, instead of a hectic delighted feeling that should have carried me over the moon, I was fabulously confused and feeling abnormally ashamed of myself. It's just too dull.   With weak steps, I dragged myself to bed and laid down gently while weak moonrays dissolved and reshaped around me . Look here, in the stillness of my room, I slowly came to realization that I was motivated by a frightfully beastly long suppressed feminine instinct all throughout the horrid summer. Look here, the simply unbearable need to be desired, cared about, looked after and divinely on top of it all, embraced with love. Golly! Horridly on the simply dashing contrary, an instant of utmost misery caused my brow to cease since I knew that what I could have would only be a frightfully boring gay relationship which would be far from quenching my thirst... a frightfully divine thirst belonging to a simply dandy woman. Good heavens!   There, at the divine age of 17, I realized that I could never ever escape from the ghastly grasp of my true self. It's so damned unfair! Dash me twice, i could not deceive myself, nor could I deceive Gambit for that matter . Darling, i was jolly well not a male and I knew that the old devil didn't love me as one, either. Twaddle! Dear me, we were just going to be fooling ourselves, remain in disguise to the simply marvellous outer world and perhaps be happy for a divine while until realization stroke, darling! Now see here - i could not build a jolly healthy relationship upon such foundations. Good heavens!   If I were gay, that is, and I don't want to be frightfully mean, if I were a shriekworthy guy loving the splendid chap as a jolly guy and him loving me likewise, it would have really been perfectly allright. Rather! I say, but such was shamingly not the simply splendid case, we knew it unconsciously and I was feeling so guilty because I was horridly the one who blindfoldedly plotted this alltogether. Ghastly, let me tell you. Utterly on the simply unbearable contrary, closing my eyes, I imagined the grand old fellow touching me, kissing me, caressing my body... a simply unbearable body that did not belong to me at all . I dare say, i moaned softly with agony...   ... as I felt the simply unbearable tears tracing down my cheeks. How shaming!Darling, i would not, could not, be loved the bloody way my soul craved for . Dash me twice, i heard an owl hoot.... moonrays shivered slightly while they accompanied the pain engulfing my curled up figure being shaken by my sobs. The dratted shame!