:: SCARECROW - Part One ::   Timeline:  Present    Dear Aura Mars,   We have prepared a numerology report based on your bla bla bla.... Here is your personalized basic Numerology for 2004. An in-depth version is available for...    Lately, I have been unnecessarily burdening myself by looking at the numbers Rain Man has provided for me and kept going over the possibilities in my head a thousand times on a daily basis ever since that paper entered my wallet. I realized that it has nothing to do with my being ready for one thing or another. It is simply that I am scared to death and even the thought of it sickens me, hammers my head, makes me feel like scream and cry if not whine. 5 years ago, when I took a step towards my real self, I pictured a future for me that somehow got stuck somewhere and went out of my hands. Initially, the soap operatic theme of the script at my hands was enjoyable - 2404 episodes later the leading lady has not reached her goal still even though she has overcome a flood that sweeped her hometown off the map, escaped 3 major earthquakes, risen from her ashes after 14 heartbreaks, gone through 2 marriages alongside uncountable affairs, witnessed good overcoming evil approximately a hundred thousand times, built a business empire from scratch, lost that empire to her nemesis yet Fate has taken her revenge by giving the nemesis 3 children with down syndrome etc.    This is a year of progress and financial advancement. Major career opportunities present themselves. It is a challenging year in which personal growth is joined with new responsibilities and challenges.    After a point I blinked my eyes open and started seeing the big picture. Oh who am I fooling? I just realized that time was passing in the speed of light and all of a sudden I was 27. I panicked and challenged the chains around me and also realized that in time, the chains have gotten stronger than ever. They clinged on my limbs so tight that I was now feeling more imprisoned than ever I felt in the last 5 years. Because they were rooted at my hidden fears.   I was simply waiting for a financial turn in our (my dad and I's) lives. A turn that would enable me to give me my health and legal identity back so that I could turn around and face the world, my chin up and my courage restored firmly back at place. I never realized that all the while, I was actually imprisoning myself even more by this immobility. I was fearfully getting used to it and accepting it as "my life". I turned myself into a hermit, reading, writing, observing, translating occasionally and asking my dad how life was out there now and then. After all, he was the fighter not I. He was the one responsible to give the life that was taken away from me by their total ignorance to my illness all throughout my childhood and adolescence back.   How ironically foolish of me! What a sick way to feed on his understanding and good will!    This is a year of domestic responsibility and attention to the needs of family and friends. It is a time of heart felt emotions and some sacrifice. It is a time for comforting and caring.    Still, I cannot blame myself totally, either. The insecurities, the countless fears that gender dysphoria presents along its only gift named salvation are aplenty. People tend to believe that this is "a way of life", a "choice" of path, a "preference" basically. Funny how narrowmindedness (not bigotry, the former is even worse cause it forms the foundations of bigotry) can mislead the majority of the world. I wonder if people are really that blind so as not to see that one does not "choose" to shatter a life literally and entirely to create a brand new person inside out. People do such things because they simply have to. For the casual shatterer, the simile would be going back to zero and starting all over. For the gender dysphoric, it is going back to below zero, indeed and how come one may think that a sane person can "choose" something like that if they don't have to, if they truly mustn't? Perhaps it is just easier to think the other way around because it doesn't require some rational thinking.    You realize the importance of your place within your community. You will be called upon to help others bear their burdens. You are the proverbial friend in need.    I can never underestimate the outcome of this immobility period, though. Being a hermit definitely made me see what and who I am and what I want from life clearly and thoroughly. There have been many disheartening moments, indeed. Many times I felt that I could not handle another single blow. Human psyche is designed to carry burdens as long as they are uplifted slightly now and then. One may be suffering from a terrible domestic environment for instance and maybe a horrible career and a horrible relationship to spice things up. Still, there comes a time when life presents a little current towards the surface. Like the death of some unknown relative who is a millionaire or the popping up of one's first love at one's office as unmarried as he/she can get. A little opportunity to lift one burden, shortly. Although life has a balance and replaces another burden sooner or later for the one Fate has uplifted but still, one finds the time to recharge in the meantime.   How can one keep on going down the hill without a single uplift, is a good question. I wonder it myself, too. So far, I have survived the blows no matter how weary I may be.    You must work to create an atmosphere of harmony and balance. It is often a time when marital issues surface and need attention. However, you possess the understanding to deal with such issues effectively if you apply yourself with love and flexibility.    Maybe I'm buried in self pity. It could be, really. Maybe, when looked at things from my side, it is my narrowmindedness to sit and wait for a little miracle to happen. Perhaps it is my fault and/or naivete to end up Paused. After all, am I not the one who claims people are the outcome of their will? Nevertheless, I have never been masochistical, not I. Besides, why would I want to punish myself unconsciously? That is the only thing that I can think of... that I have been punishing myself for something so I ended up in a present that has a blur tomorrow.    These deep feelings bring renewal to relationships and often a birth in the family.    So yes I do admit I am afraid to pick the phone up and call this woman. Like I have been afraid of all other possibilities that didn't fit the ideal I presented above (Reminder: "...A turn that would enable me to give me my health and legal identity back so that I could turn around and face the world, my chin up and my courage restored firmly back at place..."). I just am afraid of any other option. Then again, I have to be truthful towards myself and face these fears that prevent me from doing anything and everything not surreal. I have curled up in one corner and waited enough, haven't I? I did what I must before so I have this ability.   I'm scared.  I can.  I'm afraid I CAN!    May is an emotional month filled with the promise and the stress of imminent changes. June is a breakthrough and a relief. September brings advancement, October self- reflection and readjustments, and December brings a sense of completion and fulfillment.    I simply need to build a scarecrow somewhere inside my soul.    *Numerology reading provided by   Tarot.com .