:: BEST NEW IDEA ::   Timeline:  Present   The bower was even more beautiful than it actually seemed from afar. Covered by glass windows against the rain and humid wind outside, it was a delicate mixture of wood and flowers, cozy ornaments and a decorative heater shaped as a fireplace. There were even flickering flames in it yet my attention was turned to the raindrops gingerly tracing down the glass window next to me while I was listening to my dearest friend Rain Man. "...so I quit the job yesterday...", he went on, "And now I need to pack up which, I guess, will be easy. If others can do it in 2 days, so can I theoretically."   I nodded and sipped my green tea before I asked, "When is your flight?"   "Monday.", he smiled softly yet I could sense the tension, the shit-who-pressed-fast-life-forward-button-when-I-need-some-time anxiety behind that smile. "Monday?!" I blinked, "But Rain... that's so... near." was all I could come up with. 5 days and my second closest friend was going to be coursing towards England for his PhD. Miles and miles again, I mused. "I know..." he replied with a compassionate expression in his twinkling eyes, "...and it only recently dawned upon me that this was something brand new I have never experienced before. A brand new country waving a huge to-do list in front of my face. I need to play the piano again. I haven't touched it for ages. Then there'll be new faces... All around will be new faces and all that trivia about fitting in into a new environment to be conquered." He shuddered and I waved him away, "That's the easiest part. I know that you'll fit in just great. Actually, it's going to be much easier this time. You see a "new environment" brings people closer. Did we know each other when we stepped into the Piano Room for the first time? Still, it brought us together perfectly, didn't it?"   As the waitress came to pick the empty glasses, we changed places and sat next to the heater before we ordered our lunch. "What about you?" he asked, a somewhat-worried-somewhat-interested cloud passed his eyes. "How do you see your future as? Aside from the fact that it is awfully blur, that is". I sighed and leaned back, making use of the delightful warmth from the heater enwrapping me, "I have run out of time, Rain." I said sternly, "All those dreams about shaking the world are about to be history. I am going on 28 and it is quite a late age to start a starlit career. I most probably see myself as a working girl and the only thing that'll partially satisfy the hear-my-voice passion will be doing voiceovers."   "Voiceovers?" he blinked rapidly, "You are planning to do voiceovers?"   "Well yes..." I bit my lower lip slightly while the waitress was serving us up, "...you know.. Commercials for TV or radio, program trailers and alike. I believe this will be..."   "Why Aura!" he snapped as he opened his eyes wide, "How come you never told me about this before?" Only then I realized that Rain Man had been working at one of the most successful advertisement companies in Ponderland as a Junior Writer for the last 4 years and not once had I thought about spilling this interest to him. "I... never... well do you think I can do it?". He reached for his mobile as he shook his head, "You must be kidding right? You have such a microphonic voice, the world knows it.... Hi, Sam, this is Rain Man I have a friend here who is interested in doing voiceovers for TV and Commercials, the most successful agents are "100 Percent" and "PonderVoice", right?...Uh-huh...Uh-huh... and who is she to contact?" He started scribbling something on a piece of junk paper "... uh-huh....uh-huh...right...We have the numbers at the switchboard?....uh-huh....uh-huh.... thanks a lot...." He grinned and dialed another number while my heart was beating in my ears. It was this easy? Could it really be my way out? A way out of this stand-still? A play button slowly coming into view for me to press myself out of this pause? "Hello, this is Rain Man could you please find me the contact details of 100 Percent and PonderVoice?.... uh-huh.... and PonderVoice?" He winked at me before going on scribbling "....3-4-4... Thanks a lot." Hanging up, he asked, "You have something for me to make a fair copy of this?" I opened my wallet and found a piece of torn paper that I kept with me for important notices. He copied the numbers and names down. Handing it out to me, his face was lightened by a huge smile, "Well you can always give it a shoot. Though, I'm sure they'll love your voice."   I was still amazed by this all and asked about the details of the business as we went on having lunch. Then we switched to gossiping about acquaintances and he cracked me up with his recent Japanese horror film experience. Somehow, I then found myself talking about my online diary and how it was selected as one of   Diarist.Net 's three   Best New Journal  finalists. After the meal, we got out and shopped for him a while, found ourselves browsing among Classical Music CDs, video games and books before we ended up in a beautiful cafe overlooking the district. The lights of the skyscrapers nearby were winking while the 5 pm traffic flowed in front of them. The rush hour was enhanced by a multitude of pedestrians trying to reach their destinations as soon as possible.   Good old Uni days were remembered, intensified by Irish Cream. That day his Russian instructor called the Piano room while we were practicing. Eowyn answered the phone and did I recall how it all go? Sure I did:    Russian Instructor:  Ahh... hello... what is there? (instead of 'who is there?')   Eowyn:  Hmm... There are people singing... err... and there's a piano?  And that day how we cornered him to go, talk to Kitty and opened up to her... that night when Charon, Bunny and I returned to the Study and all the mess I went through to wake him up (Darn! We were dying to hear what had happened and the guy was sound asleep!)... The inseparable trio: Charon, Rain Man and I... a thousand memories of togetherness too hard to put together.   While he accompanied me on the way back home, I softly sang a song against the windy winter afternoon. It had been supposed to be a relatively hot day according to the weather broadcast. Hot our a*s!! Standing in front of the steps leading up to the entrance, he smiled, "Well... I guess this is it... Wish me luck."   "I wish you the best of luck." I beamed, "I wish you find more than you can ever imagine up there in England... I hope your dreams and much more are fulfilled... I wish you and Kitty the happiness you have never experienced before."   "Well..." he grinned "...what more can I ask?"   "Come here." I hugged him tight and added an unspoken wish 'May happiness and success follow you wherever you go throughout your life my dearest friend. You more than deserve it'.   "Promise me to take good care of yourself whatever happens." I nodded and took a deep breath, "You, too". He raised his eyebrows, "Promise?".   "Promise." He smiled contently as he waved slowly, turned around and disappeared into the night.   The inseparable trio were now literally separated.