:: HIPPY HIPPY SHAKE ::   Timeline:  Present   As we were slowly climbing down the stairs, dad and I were suddenly hit by the great mist of smoke hovering in the room, causing an immediate burn in my eyes. My dad sighed slightly, "What a crowd!" to which I nodded. The lobby of the theater was overcrowded by the count of heads of it and it seemed that it was soon going to be a hell once the movie was over and the doors were opened. "Looks like they did a good job" I commented, "They sure advertised this movie well, didn't they?". Rubbing an eye, dad nodded, "Yeah. Ponder(land) Cinema is getting much better every year. They're shooting more movies this year than they did in 10 years. Darn there's no where to sit."   I pointed towards the stairs, "Well we can wait there which looks like the only option." Laughter raised from a group of adults from somewhere unseen among the smoke. Leaning sidewise to the wall and turning towards my dad who was standing a step above me so that he looked taller than me, I tilted my head at his twitching eyebrows, "What?". He crossed his arms and seriously replied, "Turn around will you? Guys are eyeing you now and then and I don't want my daughter to look paradoxical in appearance." Paradoxical in appearance? "Can't say I'm with you.", I bit my lower lip and frowned. "The patches covering the holes over the butt of your faded jeans, beautiful..." he said sternly, "...over the waist you look perfectly well groomed... down the waist you look worn-out!"   I laughed softly and shaking my head, turned around and leaned my back against the wall, "Right. Tonight you won't get on my nerves, dad. Tonight is you're-the-boss night. See, I didn't tag my bag along with me cause you hate it for some reason.. Even brought along my gloves to protect my hands against cold... Now do I have great consideration towards my skin care or what?" I smiled to ease my sarcasm and went on, "Gee, how did mom put up with you for 30 years?"   The doors opened and people literally flooded out of the theatre with satisfied expressions on their faces. "Amazing...", "...cracked me up", "...were definitely good." statements scattered in the air as they started passing us by. I saw a seat emptying nearby and pulled my dad along while he was saying, "Your mom was an exceptional woman, you know. She was extremely cautious against such things. Things that bothered me, that is.. Like panty lines, too much cleavage and whatsoever. She avoided anything and everything that would made me jealous or angry in public." I sat, crossed my legs and he went on, "...In return, I tolerated the turmoil she caused at home. So it was a fair game." Seeing the unending flow of people, he sighed, "Now remind me not to come to the movies during the weekends next time." He frowned and turned around as a young lady trying to move her way in the crowd bumped him in the back. She blushed and apologized to which dad nodded and turned to me again. "Well I would never hasten to see this one but you were so cute when you offered me the movies option to soothe my mood swing that I couldn't foresee that it would be this crowded. It's the first weekend after its opening so, no wonder."   Finally, they re-opened the doors and we waited for a little longer before we headed inside. Once seated and the commercials began, I pointed at the white screen and leaned over to whisper in my dad's ear, "Now watch this one dad... there's this little girl who has an extremely cute gesture once..." But I lost him. I would probably loose anyone at that moment since when I looked over my dad's shoulder, I saw a global behind of a woman rising right before my dad's face before she stood back up and sat next to him. Poor dad watched this scene with the expression resembling an Al Bundy seeing Peg Bundy naked and demanding sex. He turned to me and stuttered, "Wh.. huh? You were saying something? Err.. I was taken aback by a butt waggling on my face."   The movie wasn't the funniest I had ever seen but I definitely kept laughing all night.