:: ODE FOR AN ANGEL ::   Timeline:  Present Perfect     "Baby mine, don't you cry.  Baby mine, dry your eyes.   Rest your head close to my heart,   Never to part, baby of mine..."   This is an ode for a woman who had so much love stored in her soul that it would have made the worlds of those who touched her a beautiful place if cherished. This is an ode for a woman whose protective wings could stretch as far as one needed - if one needed love, they wrapped up around them in a cozy embrace, if one needed shelter they hovered above so that those in need would have been protected against the harsh climate of the physical and mental realities. This is an ode for a woman who had never given hope that someday, somehow those whom she had been loving unconditionally, (two generations who owed so much to her) would love her back the slightest of the way she loved them. This is an ode for a lonely woman who never put her loneliness forth; who was never loved the way she more than deserved.    This... is an ode for my Grandmother.   One usually realizes the importance of what one possesses when one looses it and how quite sad of me to begin with a statement such as this. I really do not know why I did not mention about this great figure in my life within Episode I: Early Years. Maybe, I was a little to enthusiastic about reaching Present back then and perhaps it was yet another urge to leave "...things belonging to past where they belong..." as mentioned in a famous Egyptian transcript found upon a Pyramid wall. I have given up this attempt a long while agone, indeed. Today, I present my yesterdays and todays the way they actually are - Entwined.   As I grew up and turned more mature everyday even though I so wanted to keep the child within me alive and give into her desires, merriness, carefreeness occasionally, I realized the difference between two reigning forms of love. Frankly, this is the real "quite sad" part of this musing. Love (and for Heaven's sake, I am no way near talking about romantic relationships), as I discovered, was either on condition or unconditional. For me, realization of this striking fact occured only after I lost someone who loved me unconditionally. Looking at the gap I was faced with all of a sudden and seeing how irreplacable it was, I was taken aback by many a things that dusked upon me. Dusked, indeed... Because no matter how beautiful a sight dusk painted on my sky, it also stroke the time of the Night and the day that was long gone. Once it would return, it would be a today and no matter how I wanted to cling on yesterday, yesterday remained a memory; a spectre that my hands went through whenever I tried to embrace it.    "...Little one, when you play   Pay no heed what they say.  Let your eyes sparkle and shine,   Never a tear, baby of mine..."    When my manic-depressive schizophrenic uncle started developing a sty on his eyelid and panicked out of it last night, I sighed and closed the book that took me to the fictional life of a fictional character whose fictional shoes I would love to be in. So much for the search of Ana Wills for the night, indeed. It was the beginning of the asylum turmoil. My Granny (my Grandmother's sister), being the obssessed personality she is, kept bugging her already panicked son and never let him be as she rolled the question: "Is it any better?" every 30 seconds. Thus, the inevitable happened and my uncle lost the plot, screaming, cursing and just being a totally unfortunate soul who, if had a choice, wouldn't do it all but couldn't help it. I am used to this portion of my life and so is my dad. We do get irritated, utterly nervous and after like an hour or so it gets too unbearable to bear but we still keep on with our lives. Imagine a guy screaming at the top of his lungs and cursing non-stop while his mother sits on the sofa either provocating him more with her dumbness or clad entirely in silence while a man nearby sits casually, solving a puzzle indifferently on a chair that once was comfortable for certain but now begs for "permenantly disabled" status as it rots in a corner peacefully. A young woman keeps entering in and out the scene as she pours a glass of water for herself, goes to kitchen to prepare some tea, drinks the tea, washes the cup, returns to her "bedroom", comes out and enters the bathroom, opens the curtains, wipes away two cockroaches amidst the mating ritual so the poor creatures start running in one direction while still attached to another from their backs and facing different directions, takes a shower in ankle-length dirty water thanks to the pipes stuffed with nasty bodily tissues and the water not properly ringing out any longer, gets out and heads back to the bedroom trying to totally ignore the shouts getting louder and louder in decibel.   If one can imagine that scene properly, he/she wouldn't be surprised to see that the young woman sits on the bed in her bathrobe, water drops dribbing from her nose now and then and whispers to herself, "I missed you Grandmother..."   "...If only you were here and responded to my call as "Dearie?"  If only you were here and I could see the compassion sparkling in your eyes as you said "Dearie?" one last time.  If only you were here and I could hear you telling me "You'll freeze in that outfit" even if the weather out there was 40 C. I swear I wouldn't get angry as I used to and break your heart with a reply like "Mind your own business and for God's sake be sensible just once!"  If only you were here and I could gently clear away your moustache with my tweezers once again.  If only you were here and cooked me my favorite milk cake nowhere available in this country as delicious as yours once more.  If only you were here and I could pull back the neck of your shirts that kept falling over your broken shoulder and revealing the flesh of your disabled limb and utter "You sexy thing" to which you always giggled.  If only you were here and showed me your sinewy arms out of an unhealthy, elderly lack of weight with sadness before telling me that your skin was no longer holding you in pieces.  If only you were here and told me that one special sentence which meant more than anything, anyone can ever console me with - If only you were here while life and strangers broke the heart of "that who is dearest to you" mercilessly and sat by her side, listening to her patiently even if you didn't understand a single word of hers and stroke her hand with love beyond words, whispering, "It'll be allright"."     "...If they knew all about you, 	 They'd end up loving you, too. 	  All those same people who scold you,  What they'd give just for the right to hold you...."    Yes my Guadian Angel.. It'll be allright sooner or later... You were my mother, indeed... The mother I truly needed... The mother who actually raised me up... You were the mother whom I thought had written "  Little Red Riding Hood " for me and me only and demanded you told it to me every night when I was a child. You were the one who tried to run to my side when I got attacked on the way home by a purse-snatcher and luckily escaped with only a swollen scratch on my cheek. Everyone else blamed me for being on the streets at 9 pm and thought that I "deserved it" and that it would be a lesson for me while I shivered with fear and was crying uncontrollably and heard your faint voice said, "I will go and see if she needs anything" (But dad stopped you, didn't he? And you came into my Cocoon first thing in the morning... you hugged me so tight and cried as you touched the wound on my face... and you moaned "How could they do it to you, my baby?!").   Still I could never love you the way I wanted to... I was so lost trying to find my way that I couldn't... But is that an excuse, really? Could that be an excuse?   And as I sat there on the bed, clad in my bathrobe, plugging my ears, trying to be as deafened as possible towards the rage that was growing in the living room, I missed you, Grandmother. You who was always degraded and ignored by those that you gave yourself to.    I missed you so very much!     "...From your head down to your toes,  You're not much, goodness knows.   But you're so precious to me,  	 Sweet as can be, 	  Baby of mine..."