:: RAIN OF UNIMPORTANCE ::   Timeline:  Present   The owner of the bouquiniste smiled at me and gestured for me to come inside, "Don't you wait there, child. Come in! It's freezing outside." Sniffing out of cold a little, I stepped in with gratitude and was immediately surrounded by the welcoming warmth being emitted from the electric heating. "Thank you..." I said unwrapping my scarf "...I thought my dad was going to be around by now. We'd meet here at 5 pm." He smiled and shook his head slightly, "I'm sure he'll arrive any minute. Take a look at those books in English we've purchased just recently." Nodding, I walked towards the adjacent opening which led to a huge room filled with bookshelves overloaded with countless pieces of writing by countless authors from around the globe. I inhaled deeply, savoring the smell of old book reigning within that part of the store. All these things were the products of various minds yet to be discovered... various worlds yet to be journeyed... various ideas yet to be added to my palette of scattered approaches towards technicolored concepts.   Crouching, I started going through the shelves, no matter how hard it was to get a hold on them one by one. Spotting a huge pile of Harlequin Romances and books pulsating with the idealization of feminine desire, I couldn't help but recall those weekends at my best friend's. We used to call them "Harlequin Weekends" which were specifically arranged for girls curling up (this is an obligatory trip... the female curl up while they read/watch something romantic) on various spots of the living room as husks of sunflower seeds slowly tower next to them. Not aware of the fact that I was smiling, I reached for a rather colorful looking cover and ended up holding a book titled "One Hit Wonder" by some author called Lisa Jewell. I had been feeling a little dizzy with my literary sessions lately mainly due to the fact that I was reading Dianetics by L. Ron Hubbard who, after almost a hundred pages, still so buried in explaining cells and demons that he couldn't manage to start describing the basics of Dianetics therapy and how one could get rid of the negative experiences of unconsciousness (ie. engrams) so as to boost their mental potential (after all, this last thing is why, as claimed on the cover, 7 million people worldwide bought the damn book). Holding on to this discovery following the Bridget Jones genre, I got up and headed out to the next room where the owner was busy selling alluring looking pens to a teenager.   I took my mobile out and dialed my dad's only to be informed that "the person I had called could not be yada yada." (You missed him love. You're gonna either drag yourself back home and soak your cute little butt under the rainpour or try to look even cuter each minute to the owner of the store so he won't kick you out for mistaking his store for a bus stop). I sighed as I hang up and peered at the rain melting the last traces of the snow away from the streets not knowing what to curse first. My lack of weather prediction and leaving my umbrella back home or the rain that had been sweeping a sight that I had great affection towards?   I was a little taken away by these musings that I couldn't help but shriek at the nose pressing against the door from the other side. My father was a childish sight to be seen with his nostrils flaring out on the glass while he was smirking at me. I opened the door and was so close to yelling "What the...!?" but thanks to my common sense rushing forth and whispering "You're being expected to act with manners in public, woman!", I bit my tongue and grinned back. After all, he was funny when you thought twice (He really IS funny, indeed. The only thing is you have to practice thinking twice a lot).   Once outside, being the gentleman he is, my father disregarded his load (he was trying to carry 3 huge plastic bags the ingredients of which I really didn't want to know after that bathrobe experience a while ago) and chivalrously held the umbrella for the two of us.... well the problem is... everytime he does this we end up unable to walk properly because I'm taller than him (He's 5'7'' and I'm 5'9'' + heels). So the outcome of his chivalry is either me trying to be as acrobatically defensive as possible against the iron dangerously poking out of the ends of the umbrella randomly while it threatens my visual perception or me bumping my head against the stretched nylon thus causing my dad to loose the umbrella's control. Umbrella control is a difficult skill, indeed, which requires loads of practice for proficiency (likewise, anyone who tries using an umbrella against a hurling wind is prone to have a pissed story).   "Well..." my father said as we were halfway towards the apartment "....guess what happened today?" I tried my best to avoid the book slipping through my hands when a car turned around the corner abruptly and we were forced towards the sidewalk reflexively as my father punched me on the chin with his hand that carried the umbrella. "What....?" I mumbled when we were back on track again. "Today I dropped by at the Ponderland Artists Association to see a few old faces. Ritzy (Mr. Ritzy is still a popular TV and Theater actor in Ponderland) took out an album and showed me a picture from like...." He paused as we crossed the road in heavy traffic "....40 years ago... From the staging of "Second Edition"... It was from a scene including me carrying (some female name I cannot remember now) on my shoulder and Ritzy reaching out a hand in protest... Made me feel..."   And he went on describing how amazing those days of acting for him. As we entered the apartment, he was still musing about those days while I, on the other hand, was suffering from cluttering teeth and quite assured (once again) that I inherited the musing and chattering genes from him. After all, I managed to add 7 paragraphs that say nothing in particular to my Memoir, didn't I?