:: WHY NOT! ::   Timeline:  Past (Summer of 1996)   Approximately a week after the "show", Avarel called me to inform there was a meeting at the cafeteria and that he could pick me up in about an hour if it was alright with me. Stuffing a shirt in a bag while holding the phone between my shoulder and cheek I went, "A meeting? In an hour? What for?" -- A hopeless attempt to buy myself some time while I was packing up for the summer house. Goddess was a little too enthusiastic about my arrival not because of Gambit, this time, (they were all rest assured that I had made my mind up about the subject and further talk would be unnecessary) but because she desperately was in need of me for some "top secret" reason. She was one of those who was closest to me back then so I couldn't let her down.. That and I really needed some time away from everything and was looking forward to a long, sunny holiday. While I was wondering as to the why of Goddess's plea and where on earth I put that favorite jeans of mine, I missed Avarel's answer and barely caught him up as he finished, ".. and you sure need to be there."   "Whatever..." I waved him away "I'll be ready in an hour." Hanging up, my grandmother came into the room and smiled one of her angelic smiles, "Are you going out, dearie?". Half of me buried in the wardrobe, I replied, "Uh..huh...". "Do you want me to fix you something to eat or will you eat out?" Two shirts flied out of the wardrobe and landed on the bed as I retreated, hair ruffled and panting, "Do you know where my favorite jeans are?". "Ah dearie... How can I know? You always yell at me whenever I try to tidy you so I gave it up." Shaking my head slightly I sighed, "How come people always fail you when you most need them? Were you saying something?" I went back searching a pile of clothing when she repeated her question. "No... " I responded thoughtfully before a loud "Voila!!" followed my success "Now how come this ended up in a box full of novels?" (Whereas the question should have been: How come a box full of novels ended up in the wardrobe?)   -----------------------------   While we were driving in the car, Avarel made me listen to the taped show. I have to admit no matter how cacophonic the background was, the lead vocals were surprisingly clear and coming out successful. "You know a new music channel was recording the entire show, right?". I lit up a cigarette and partially lowered the window, "Hmm... I noticed a camera, indeed though I thought it was for the club's archives." He smirked as he shifted the gear, "Well not exactly. Cheer up you've been on TV. People called me to tell they were showing captions from the show now and then..." He looked at me from the corner of his eye and added "I haven't seen it but they say Long Train Running is coming out entirely as the credits roll." Leaning back comfortably, I smoked out an indifferent statement "Yay, I'm famous." His chuckle instead of a reply brought along silence.   -----------------------------   "So..." Avarel began surrounded by almost 20 members of the Music Club, mostly choir members "...many of you have heard the rumors about my thoughts about forming a professional structure out of this ensemble. You guys have been terrific really and your talent cannot be left unnoticed. The thing is I am planning to form a polyphonic group which will go through long hours of practice and finally record an album." Satisfied by the astonished gasps, he went on, "I have a few names in my mind but for the rest an auction will be held twice. There'll be one before you guys return home for summer and another just as the Fall Semester starts in October. This is gonna be something brand new for Ponderland.. something like a more crowded version of   Manhattan Transfer ... Keep in mind we are doing this for a purpose. This won't be for the fun of it but will be a serious, professional group so if you're into casualty this won't be for you. Think twice before you audition... So what do you say guys? Are you up for it?" Plastic tea cups were raised one by one to toast for the idea before Avarel turned to me with his famous smirk and added, "...Are you?"   I paused for an instant before I reached for my cup and responded, "Well..." I turned to him with a half smile cunningly placed on the verge of my lips, "I'm game if you are."