:: DREAM CHILD* ::   Timeline:  Present   I woke up with dried tears on my cheeks as I despised every second of misery I had been going through within my unconscious. Deep inside, I was stuffed with more tears to come yet I gulped them down no matter how much I needed to spill those offspring of personal sadness upon my pillow. Every single one of those drops is priceless since I, with a clear conscious, can say that I have never ever shed   crocodile tears  in my entire life. I have, thankfully, managed to keep the purity, the genuinity of the only remaining sign of weakness I possessed whether they are shed in loneliness or in the company of another. (Though, I am certain many others ranging from mere acquaintances to history-to-be partners/boyfriends saw question marks instead of tears running down my according to their will).   With swollen eyes, I shakily opened the door of the Cocoon, only to run into my dad entering the bathroom. He sparkled a huge smile to me to which I sniffed and nodded back while I made my way towards the rotting kitchen to prepare the breakf(e)ast. The implication comes from the fact that we "feast" over ready-made tea, cream cheese, a jar of cherry/peach marmalade, petit beurre biscuits and a few slices of bread. I have long forgotten how it felt to start the day with omelet and cereal alongside fresh fruits or French toasts, well-steeped tea or French Vanilla. Were those mornings full of these really 5 years ago? I dropped a little-Lipton-bagful of tea in a pot and sat on the low chair my Granny use to rest as she cooks. Tying my hair in a knot, I tried to cast the emotions stirring within me away. They were cruel and I needed not cruelty at the moment. They emitted an unattainable happiness yet I could differentiate them one by one as I tried to break myself free of the sense of reality a dream could bring along. It was so real.... the velvety, flawless skin of the baby's cheek leaning against mine. His warm, vulnerable form against my chest as my arms compassionately hugged him.... the delightful weariness of afterbirth... It was all so real that I could not stand its impossibility.   The sound of boiling tea running over from the edges of the pot and hissing against the cookstone called me back to the "actual" reality. Washing the tea cups and picking them up with one hand while I carried the tea pot with the other, I headed back towards the dining room (where my father sleeps on a sofa) and placed them on the table before I turned around and went out to fetch the rest of the breakfast from the fridge. When I returned, my father was drying his face with his towel hanging from the back of a chair. We sat silently and I didn't hear him talking to me until he raised his voice a little, asking me, "What's the matter beautiful?"   Opening the cream cheese can, I reached for the knife as I muttered, "Dad I think I'll be feeling quite moody today so don't think it has anything to do with you or with our life or any burden available on our shoulders, okay? I had a dream which really hit me quite bad with its feeling too real to bear."   He nodded yet tilted his head slightly as he munched on a piece of bread, "Wanna talk about it?" I actually knew that he didn't want to talk about it in details. He was asking out of curtsey but I knew that he was, at least, expecting a few sentences stating the cause of my pout. Taking a deep breath, I cast the knife aside and leaned my elbows on the table, "I....I.... had a baby in my dream. I gave birth to a baby boy and they brought him to the hospital room where I was resting after birth. The father was also there, waiting in anticipation but I cannot recall him visually... The only thing I recall is the feeling of anxiety to caress my baby and so much love towards the father of him...." I was not expecting to go into the details as I mention before yet it was all coming out of my lips against my will. I couldn't hinder myself from talking about it regardless of how silent I should have been, "...then they brought him along and I reached my arms out for him before holding him gently in my caress.... I could hear him breathing.... I could feel his skin as we were cheek to cheek... his fingers grasping a finger of mine... and I can lucidly recall the moment I uttered...." I closed my eyes as insuppressible tears made their way out, "I will take care of you, dearest. I will watch over you and look after you so that you will not suffer everything I did."   Dad reached over and held my hand in his-- A reaction I was not expecting from him at that point, honestly. He softly said, "Your unconscious had a powerful reflection. Interesting though. You never had strong maternal instincts as far as you told me. Have you read anything before going to bed regarding these?" I shook my head slightly, "No... I haven't.... I guess...." I sniffed and wiped away a tear, "I guess, as I grow older, I am showing off the signs of all women my age." A sigh escaped me before my father leaned back and nodded as he went on with his breakfast, "Perfectly natural, beautiful." He turned to me and winked, "Perfectly natural".   Later, while I was getting ready to head out, I realized that this mood swing was going to linger until it faded away naturally. I could not disregard it, nor could I fight against it. Still, I instinctively knew what I need... I definitely need to make love (not give birth to a baby nor lament for my disabilty of it as many would err to think. I've passed beyond these "consciously", at least)... and the vacuum of love alongside someone to love me in the process is not making things any better but I will cope with it.   Just as I cope with zillion other things that are craved for yet not possessed.    *Dream Child is also the 5th episode of "A Nightmare on Elm Street" series.. A sequel that gave its title to this entry for a reason.