:: NOWHERE TO GET ::   Timeline:  Present   "It is not that I think you are indifferent, Aura" His voice was coming in that deep, rather choked tone of his which successfully hid anything that he actually thought or felt for the minute "It is simply that you are avoiding yourself from me and I want to know the why of it."   I sighed as I leaned my back against the cold wall, trembling a little as I did so. Bypassers were throwing casual glances at me and the snow that still didn't melt away due to the reigning cold was crunching beneath their feet occasionally as they strived to keep their balance. "It is in vain..." I mumbled into my mobile, "...why are you trying to open a book that's already out of date and of no validity?"   He cursed somewhat and I could vividly picture him running a hand over his stubble. The way he always did whenever he tried to make something clear in his mind and go for a new approach to convey his thoughts accurately, "Perhaps it's because that book has never been closed as opposed to what you always claim it did?... that it's still half empty and the last scribbles of writing available within doesn't fit in for a plausable ending?"   "And what makes you think they don't?" I stressed, frowning slightly as I pulled the fake fur adorning the ends of my jacket tighter around me and tried to cross my arms across my chest clumsily. My hands were a pale white with a pinch of red on the knuckles; an evident sign of the cold I had to endure yet I didn't know whether it was the weather or my blood that felt drawn with anxiety "What makes you think that the story is to be finished? Some things are better left alone and you taught me that well years ago. It is of no use to dig into past over and over again as if we can resurrect something that's long dead."   Silence was the reply which I hated. I definitely didn't like to go through it again and again when I knew it was a loose-loose situation. "I made a choice, Gambit." I said, trying not to fell prey to the tension building between us through the unseen wires that connected us "I made a choice so as not to have a relationship until I pull my life back together and even when the time comes, I will not be searching my phone book to scan all those past affairs and check the possibility to try them again. I will simply let it go towards an unknown future and will give myself and someone brand new a chance. Besides..." I took a deep breath and suppressed a shiver that tried to make its way all through my body with a futile attempt to tremble me violently. "...what makes you think that you and I stand chance when all you ever do is to pop in and out of my life in annual intervals?.... that and when you are on and off relationship with the same girl for darn 8 years now?.. when did you step aside, set everything aside to stand by me unless I told you I needed you?"   "Bullshit!" he hissed into my ear and I could hear his utmost anger transpassing miles, roads, hours and slapping me on the face, "When did you *ucking give me a chance to stand by you?... and when will I learn to let you be with your damn unsurpassable walls of arrogance that you err to call 'reason'?!" With that he hang up on me and I closed my eyes briefly, ignoring the fact that an old lady was staring at me while she was passing in front of me. Once again, conversing with him eventually got us nowhere.   I may have been arrogant, allright but if he couldn't see the fact that my past stood between us like the epitome of an obstacle, if he couldn't realize that restarting our relationship would be of no use but to satisfy his curiosity as to the "what if"s crawling in his mind, if he couldn't see that with all the mutual acquiantances, friends and above all family members accepting me as I am today but never to accept our relationship knowing my past and the fact that we grew up together thus, all we could ever have would be a hushed, secret, hidden, closeted affair shadowed occasionally with the fear of being found out one day, on his own, then I was not the person to shove it all in his face.   Because regardless of what he believes, I valued and cared about him that much so as not to hurt him even more. It was and has been much easier for him (alongside Goddess and Predator who have been the only witnesses of this uncategorized thing between him and I from the beginning) to think I was an arrogant, self-centered bitch. Once again, I let it be as I turned around and went back into the shelter of the artifical heat by the radiators inside the building while I hoped no one noticed an old wound that bled no more was tingling inside me.