:: THE INEVITABLE ::    Timeline:  Past  What can be really tiresome for a male when the female psyche is considered is its extreme tendency to take a drastically simple thing, make it as complicated as possible and, in the meantime, successfully miss the real thing/main idea.   Likewise, it hadn't dawned upon me until I was passing the wine bottle to Predator [cameo appearance ; another close friend] at the dinner table that the actual conversation between Gambit and I went :   My idiotic expression: At least you shaved.  His reasonable reply: You hate stubble, don't you?   Not only it was reasonable but it was actually very sensible and kind which should have meant something very special to me. But oh no!... Per usual, I was lost in my own maze of totally unrelated thoughts and was screwing up my system with unnecessary mental drama. Yet, this moment of enlightenment seemed a little too late since, by the look of it, he was already in the fling list of more than a few, enjoying and laughing the night away. It was just the right time for an alien invasion so that I could leave the scene without drawing attention to bury myself in shame and self-pity.   The dinner went fine and everyone stepped inside for the real party. All I did was to take some beer with me, sit on the sofa and as the lights turned darker, watch people dance and party the night away. I had already started feeling dizzy enough. Soon, Goddess accompanied me on the sofa and I rested my head on her shoulder while I told her the story. Couples disappeared and reappeared, people jigged like there was no tomorrow and as I saw sex and fun so naturally entwined that it felt more and more lonely around me. Soon it was total darkness where we were sitting which eased my uneasiness a little. There were 2 other sofas available in the room though and they were quite... efficiently occupied by the sound of it. I was going to tell Goddess how multi-functional darkness could be when I felt a head lying itself on my lap. Not only that, the owner of this head linked his fingers with mine as he started talking to us.   I felt cold sweat sneaking out from my pores as Gambit and Goddess conversed and chuckled. I on the other hand could still not comprehend the fact that it was him holding my hand, that he was determined enough to make use of this darkness surrounding us as a background for his initial step into my life in a brand new way. I could hear voices of friends approaching, talking to us, sometimes sitting nearby, at others minding their own business but all this time he did not let go of my hand once. What was I doing? My heart was beating in my ears while I responded a few remarks but was grateful for the restricted vision since I probably had a Joker smile on my face.... oh and I was semi-drunk but soon it turned out that Gambit was totally stoned...   ... and being the best friends Goddess and I were, we told everyone that we were taking him home and would be back shortly. We literally carried him along all the way and once we were in his house, I took him to the bathroom, helped him wash his face and took him back to the bedroom. He sat on the bed chuckling all the way which was getting irritating by each second but I tried not to mind it as I undressed him down to his boxers and carefully helped him lay on his bed. Exhausted, I asked, "Better now?"   ... as an answer he nodded and smirked, "Good. See you tomorrow then. Have a good rest and try not to vomit on yourself." As I turned around to leave, he jerked and grabbed my hand while uttering seriously, "I love you." That was the only time in my life I felt ground under my feet gave way (save from a serious earthquake I had to endure) but I kept my calm (Yeah.. what's new?) and softly said, "We'll talk about it first thing tomorrow. Now just rest." He fell backwards on the bed again after this extremely... "logical" answer. (If you haven't started rolling your eyes yet I guarantee you will soon if not in a few posts). I got out of his room and joined an overcurious Goddess in the living room:   Goddess raised an eyebrow.  I bit my lower lip.  Goddess raised another eyebrow.  I bit my upper lip.  No eyebrow to rise left, Goddess raised a curious hand and finally asked, "What? What?"  I said "He said he loved me."  Goddess "yay!"ed.  I said, "But that's probably because he's too drunk."  Goddess hiccupped before saying, "You seduced your way to him all through the summer and now he says he loves you and you say he's drunk?"  I tilted my head spastically.  Goddess nodded and said, "Let's go, idiot."  We went.   Back at the party, I drank another beer... then another glass of wine.... then another glass of something until I saw Gambit approaching me. Oh yeah this was it... Dreams were so real when you were drunk which lead to the drunk conclusion: I should get drunk more often. There he was sitting next to me and Goddess was with him, too. So was Predator and Bliss [another... well take a wild guess] and... Goddess was snapping before my eyes going, "Hi there sweetie. He is here again. Are you?"   I stuttered, "But he was... I mean we took...". Yet it was no dream, he was back, sitting next to me with a raised eyebrow accompanying his naughty smile. I pulled myself together, smiled back and realized the party was almost over. There weren't many people left and those present were either passed out or getting ready to head off. I saw curiosity in his eyes. I responded that look with a sincere smile hoping it came out right (something should have come out right... Right?) and meant everything was alright.   That was how we left there and as I waved them all goodbye, I saw Gambit taking a last look at me over his shoulder while Goddess took him by the arm with a huge grin.