:: SPOTLIGHT ::   Timeline:  Past (Summer of 1996)   The time we had all been looking forward to was nigh and it's nearness meant more rehearsals on our part both as a choir and with the band who would play for us. I remember the extreme routine of these, day in day out and literally finding myself exhausted day after day as I cherished every leap day spent with some sleep. However, the truth is, I adore(d) exhaustion. I used to say, "If I'm to die, I want it to happen as I run from one place to another". Solara, Blondie, Trendy and I were closer than ever, running to and from Uni all together. It was during these days that I learned torturous moments tie knots between people. As we dragged ourselves from responsibilities (exams, finals etc.) to reserved hours filled with a passion for music, our physical weariness formed a strong link between us. Although we complained frequently, we loved falling asleep on each other's shoulders during a bus ride... and I believe this point is far from the masochistic label and clear to anyone who has pursued a lifestyle of their choosing.   Being tired and happy equals contentment as opposed to the disappointment of being tired and questioning its worth.   For the night of the Show, Avarel ordered shirts for us that had a crow printed on the front. Like the pathetic pun going to our utmost cacophony and individual lack of being bestowed with the voice of a Lark was not enough, the crow had a cigarette dangling from its beak. Worse, we found it hilariously funny and cheered once the shirts were distributed backstage. One thing was for certain. We may not have been the best choir the globe had ever seen but we sure enjoyed every second of our togetherness. We were a closely connected group of thirty something people which actually was the sign of Avarel's talent (if not for anything else, I still admire him for it this day) to keep the spirit alive and bring people around him closer to each other. It was this talent that also lead up the events in the coming days, indeed.   There were rumors that Avarel was planning to form a professional band out of some of the "selected" members of the Rock Chorus but how come nobody knew. He was a hideous guy, secretive by nature and never disclosed his thoughts openly. I was certain that the anticipation caused by this rumor was something he was enjoying greatly behind that smirk of his. That smirk also accompanied coming and going of girlfriends with the frequency of changing underwear (and he was a squeaky clean guy even with a stubble, mind you) and no matter how appealing this bad boy imagery for the girls falling all over him, I knew that it was mainly a mask that failed to hide his problems concerning connecting himself to people.   After the sound check, the tension got unbearable for many... For some reason unknown to me, people kept sucking pastilles which I found relatively funny since it seemed they were savoring them one after the other. Suddenly, everyone was complaining from an unbearable sore throat and everyone else was buying this blind excuse for the same reason; they all needed a miracle to disable the detonation we were very successful at.   I still remember that moment of shock when I ran into one of my childhood friends backstage. She told me that she and her band were invited to perform three songs on stage before us. She was not a Baysider so the surprise was duplicated. She really must have had the right connection in the Music Club... All through their performance, I bit my lower lip with anxiety while Avarel and the band members kept drinking nearby. Ricky, the lead guitarist, (nicknamed likewise because he looked very much like Ricky Martin) was the most popular in the band since he was strikingly handsome yet the plot being weaved then was unknown to us. Avarel's real crush (you know... the leading lady in his story... he loved her desperately, she enjoyed this and abused it... this was the main reason of the entire bad boy imagery of his, indeed) was flirting with Ricky who was a really close friend of his, right before him!   And I was told this and took a second look at them to enable missing pieces to complete the puzzle just as it was our turn on stage. I still remember the roar of the applause lucidly... the unnatural heat caused by various spotlights... the first note of "  The River of Dreams " hitting the air... over 400 people clapping rhythmically as we sang and not caring whether we hit the right key or not. I waited ecstatically for my turn which was right in the middle of the performance... Before me Blondie stepped forth, took the microphone and nailed "  What A Feeling ". As she faded out, she turned back to face the choir and I raised a thumb at her. We passed each other by and highfived while I grabbed the mic and faced the crowd.   All of a sudden, it was silence.... As if everything was flowing in slow motion. I swear I even miraged hearing my breathing in my ears... The crowd was bigger than I could imagine... From where I was standing they seemed like a throbbing, pulsating mass of darkness ready to blow. I turned to look at Avarel over my shoulder... If it hadn't been for that evil grin of his, I would probably have choked out of excitement... but that degrading grin of his filled my system with all the enthusiasm I could ask for. That piece of filth was going to see that I meant what I had said when I told him that it was his privilege that I had stayed in this choir all this time.   Ricky hit the strings.... the electro guitar caused the crowd jump to their feet and I closed my eyes briefly before opening them and sparkled a smile at everyone while I went "  Down around the corner half a mile from here "... There were cameras rolling as I tuned myself into the mood, danced the song away and questioned "without love where would you be now"? Spotlights weaved an iridal around me, the reciprocal energy I shared with the audience filled me with a form of satisfaction I had never experienced before... it simply gained momentum until I could suppress it no more and reached a hand out towards the crowd to ask them "where would you be now?" one last time....   While I was panting heavily against the deafening applause, I smiled my first, real smile which rushed forth from my heart and planted itself over my lips....   ... for the rest of the night.