:: EDELWEISS ::   Timeline:  Present   While I was on my way towards work this morning, I heard my unknown companion enchanting the winter air with his violin again. I halted briefly and altered my course, climbed the steps and started walking on the bridge above the trailroad. There I saw him finally... A man close to his forties, wearing a worn sweater and faded cargo pants, eyes closed as he was paying devotion to the tunes of his instrument while playing it. I slowed my pace and pretended as if I was looking at the second hand books scattered on the stalls nearby.. He finished the song with a decrescendo and smiled softly at the people passing him by.. He seemed content being there, playing his violin and didn't care about the indifference of the majority passing him by. From inside the old box placed next to his feet, there was but a few glittering coins and nothing more. He closed his eyes again and started anew. To my surprise, he was playing a song that was so dear to me... full of naive reminisince of my childhood... from a movie whose soundtrack is carved in my soul...   I tried to keep my mouth shut for once and picked up a book, pretending as if I was examining it while ignoring the ramblings of the seller nearby. My mind was so connected to the melody that I felt speaking unnecessary would break the spell. Slowly, I felt blissful by a thought crossing my mind... this violonist, without even knowing, was there to aid me through the last portion of my darkness and he was, for me, the indicator of the "new" approaching. Maybe it is just me... maybe I'm insane or a filthy romantic... I don't care! Thinking likewise soothes me and as long as I'm soothed, I don't care about the rationality degree.   I turned around, totally unaware of the fact that I was smiling and could not suppress myself any longer as if my voice was out of control, trying to break loose and accompany the ongoing song....   ... you greet me ...  I began.. He stopped... Heads buying books, selling books, thoughtful as walking by, turned to me but I just couldn't help it...   ... small and white ...  I went on and he closed his eyes again, beamed as he rested his cheek against his dear companion and catched up with me:   ... clean and bright  You look happy to me, to me.  I dropped the book and approached him as I went on singing. The winter sun was shining above us, people slowed down to make use of this accompaniment a little longer before they went on, two lovers linked their fingers and sat on a bench nearby   Blossom of snow may you bloom and grow  Bloom and grow forever   Edelweiss, Edelweiss  Bless my homeland forever  Softly we finished and people around us started clapping, cheering while I saw many, tossing coins into his box... I smiled to him, took my purse out and was going to do the same when he reached over and stopped me. His wrinkled eyes were sparkling when he said with a coarse voice, "Don't.... You gave me the best of tithes already."   "It was my pleasure.", I said (which was an understatement on my part when my gratitude for his presence in my life was considered) and turned away when he hesitantly if not shyly said, "Would you.... again?" I looked at him over my shoulder, nodded and slipped my hands into my jacket pockets when he restarted the song...   Edelweiss, Edelweiss every morning you greet me...  This time I didn't stay but walked back on the bridge slowly and went on singing until my voice and his violin no longer entwined... and oddly heard my father's voice yell out of nowhere, "How the hell is this tab broken again? Don't you people know how to turn on the water? Bleh!.. Wake up beautiful, time to break a feast!"   Realization is a sad thing on times like these... I murmured, "Get off me, I wanna finish this dream." to which he responded, "Too bad... And here I was thinking we'd arrange when we'd hit off to   Underworld  today." I blinked my sleepy eyes open, "What? How come? You said you hated horror films."   "Oh no..." he said as he ruffled my hair, "...I saw the trailer.. Looks like a Matrix-alike Wolverine vs. Vampire war!"   I chuckled, "Oh sure.. War is the keyword, I see.". My father is a unique creation of weird genes interacted 64 years ago and somehow managed to form a healthy male on the outside but couldn't effort to sensify the inside. He adores war movies where blood washes the streets, people strangle, torture, machine gun each other with transfixed faces out of violence but claims he cannot stand the gore of horror movies.... but all of these don't change the fact that he knows me quite well to rip me off the after effects of a dream with a reality so appealing.   "Ho-hum... now move move move...." He waved a hand as he headed out and I soon found myself muttering a song in the bathroom while washing my face:   Edelweiss, Edelweiss  You look happy to me, to me...