:: LIVES TOUCHED ::   Timeline:  Present   Last night, I tucked my pillow between the cold wall and my aching back, curled under covers and with one hand in a package of roasted pistachio nuts, was lost among the lines of Amin Maalouf's "Le Periple De Baldassare" when my hands touched a slight bump on the back cover of the book. Dad and I get books from a bouquiniste (ie a wholesale second-hand bookseller) nearby where you rent a second-hand book for relatively a small fee and to tell you the truth, I somehow feel guilty every time I do so. Still, it is not my fault that the books in Ponderland are above average expensive and that in this financial state we are in, I cannot spend that much money on the things I want to read... that and reading is an important part of my life currently. Anyway, I feel guilty because I am well aware of the time, dedication and effort the author put into it so yes I'm sabotaging their sale...I will pay back by the truth that if I turn a professional one day the same can happen to my work, too.   I realized this was a dried driblet of wax and I just don't know why the heck I simply didn't go back to reading but closed the book and stared at the wax trying to figure the story behind it, instead. Tilting my head slightly, I tried to envision the hands that had touched the book.. the settings it had been within.. Perhaps this was a mark left from a power cut and back then, the book was at the hands of a University student, sharing a flat with his roommates. He was alone that night (mates were out for a party but he wasn't in the mood) and was trying to fix himself a dinner and thinking about his break up with the girlfriend. Why he had been feeling so much for her was unknown to him. After all she was very clear with what she wanted. After all it had started as a one night stand and somehow they kept bumping into each other and took it further into a physical relationship. He couldn't recall when he realized it turned into love on his part... and when he quit having sex and started making love to her. The beep of the microwave took him back to the reality. He took the plate out, dragged himself to the living room and just as he sat on the sofa the lights went off. Cursing, he clumsily searched for the candle and matches and bumped his knee on the table nearby. Feeling after the candle while cursing further, he finally located his target and lit it with the matches next to it. Taking the candle back with him, he placed it on the book atop the table... Lost in his musings while eating, he didn't even realize the wax dripping on the cover.    [While moving out, his flatmates gave a bunch of books to the old lady living next floor who always invited them over to have tea and home-made cookies.. She loved reading so for all the maternity that she had showed them, they thought they could at least thank her likewise.]    Her husband had died years ago, indeed and her children were married already. Turning a page, she sighed with happiness, thinking that her first grandchild was on its way and fixed her glasses. For a second, she raised her head from the page and her wrinkled face looked thoughtful as she looked out of the window. The rocking chair she was sitting upon was her husband's favorite. Her heart sizzled with longing and she whispered a prayer for his soul and tried to make herself believe that he was never too far away, that his memory was with her and she was certain that he was also delighted by the news of their first grandchild. The radio started playing an old song they used to love so much and she smiled slightly as if she was right. This coincidence was a sign that she was right... That until they were going to unite in eternity, his shadow accompanied her life... while the song kept on playing:   You know that old trees just grow stronger,  and old rivers grow wilder every day,  but old people, they just grow lonesome  waiting for someone to say,  "Hello in there. Hello"    [When she passed away, the books found at her flat were transferred to a library nearby. The book was rented from the Library, never to be returned again. It journeyed across the nation and ended up in Ponderland in a bag and was seen at a garage sale. A young girl bought the book almost a quarter of its original price.]    Her passion for reading was all that made her merry. She was an orphan, the adopted child of an old couple who loved her with their entire being. They devoted their lives to her and she never lacked appreciation for them. It was true that her love also never failed them but somewhere deep inside, she always had that question mark. She sometimes looked in the mirror and wondered who she looked like. Did she take after her father or mother?... and why did they choose to leave her be in this already left alone world? Did they ever look for her? Were they dead? Still together? Seperated? As years passed her by, these moments of longings started loosing their effect and quit causing her the sense of abandonment. Then again sensations might have ceased but question marks remained for long. She sighed and went on tidying her dorm room. The following day she was going to sell a few books to a second-hand bookstore. She was short of money due to her purchase of a few extra books needed for that semester. Boarding school was never easy but it was her choice and she did not listen to her parents' oppositions. Somewhere along the track, she had to deal with being alone, face her past and ceasefired with her childhood.   Once sold to the store, the book was not rented for sometime. Then again, sooner or later it was going to enter another life stream.. face another soul, see another pair of eyes, feel another touch.. A winter afternoon, tiny hands grabbed the book, turned the back cover and read the summary. She then took a few steps and said, "This is it.".. "You picked that? What is it? Amin Maalouf?" asked an elder man to which she responded "Yes... writer of Leo the African and Samarkand... Famous guy."... "You know him?" asked the man.. "As much as he knows me." replied the girl.. Laughters were heard and the book left the store, towards another life folded in her hands across her chest.