:: MUTINOUS MARIONETTE ::   Timeline:  Past (Winter - Summer of 1996)   As my life was gaining momentum, my relationship with my family (ie. Granmother and dad) was going down the hill. My father had never supported my extreme zealousy for center stage and although he saw my talent, he believed that all I had was a fertile land which needed to be cultivated. He drew the line once by going, "Whatever you sing, I don't care. If it's music you're after, you should have chosen conservatory instead of an academic degree."   What he was unaware of was the fact that it was not my choice to study at Bayside.   It was my mother's last wish.   One of the last conversations we shared was centered around my future. I can still remember that winter day when I came back from school and found her sitting on the bed and knitting while a bandana covered her bald hair caused by chemotherapy and her tiny hands holding the knitting needles as expertly as if they were an extension of her fingers. I sat there by her side, watching her while we talked and she said, "Dearest, no matter what you want to be make sure that you study hard enough to open the gates of Bayside. Save your future with that diploma so that you will always guarantee a second chance in life if where your heart takes you fails you. This is my last request from you." Certainly, I opposed this last statement of hers, telling she would never have enough of requests from me which made us both laugh for the moment.   How could we know that it was truly going to be her last wish and the next day's chemotherapy would paralyse her, leading up to the week of her death?   I hid this request from my family for a long time. It was my only motivation while I was getting ready for the University exams and when I succeeded, I knew that it was not only the first, real achievement of my life but also a reason for my mother to rest in peace. Needless to say that if the strings of my life were at my hands, I would have preferred an Academy of Music/Drama but every turn of events possesses a lesson we need to learn. That is why they happen although we usually frown and think "But wait.. This is not the reality I chose. I didn't want to experience this." Think twice... I did so and I know that I wouldn't have been half the person I am now were it not for the people I met at Bayside and those 3.5 years I spent there.   So my father not only ignored and directly told his absolute dislike towards my passion for music but he also never missed an opportunity to nightmare my next day whenever I missed a phone call to let him know I'd be late or wouldn't be home the previous night. It was his house, wasn't it? It was his rules, weren't they? And just as long as I lived with him, I had to go by them. Period! One would have thought that I was miseried by this situation but on the contrary it only served to fuel my free spirit and my on-stage enthusiasm. The more he pulled my strings, the further I pulled back. The more he wanted to control me, the more a vagabond I became. The more he tried to fit in the shoes of Mastro Cherry, the more a   Pinocchio  I turned into.   It took years for us to come to terms with our personalities and accept that we are as far from each other as Pluto and Mercury when our perceptions about living are considered.   He didn't even change his mind after I scored an A at the Proficiency exam that Summer and was ready to start my Freshman year the following semester. I shrugged his indifference away as usual and celebrated it with my friends totally unaware of the fact that the more apathetic he was towards my personal progress/dreams, the more I was trying to prove myself to him unconsciously in whatever I did.