:: IRRESISTANCE ::   Timeline:  Present   "I just want you to understand the fact that..." I said, standing next to the desk, loaded with books, a huge mug -a souveneir from an unforgettable night- that serves as a pen-holder, a schedule, old magazines and all the nonsense that makes sense to me that are placed as tidily as possible "...I understand your reaction from a few days ago but have not made a move until now because I don't think there was anything to apologize for on my part, dad" I said in a rather serious manner. "Please keep in mind that it is not because I don't respect all the things that you have been doing for me. It is simply because I have no room left to cherish anything."   He nodded and smiled slightly "You should know that I wasn't expecting an apology from you, Aura. All I was expecting was a smile. For God's sake, I could even buy a fake one but just smile! I now realize that it is darn right when they said a smile of appreciation from someone who is dearest to you is all that matters. That thing you told me in the lift tore me apart, it did...." He looked away and outside the window as he quoted me "...none of these are of importance to me anymore." He turned back, eyes narrowed with either disappointment or anger and went on "I had tried the impposible to save some money for you and get you those clothes so that you can at least feel a little relieved.. that you can smile a little... that you don't look the poverty we are in when you meet your friends who are accustomed to seeing you made-up from head to toe.."   I wearily sit on the old mattress and sighed, "Dad do you really believe I care about it anymore? Please understand that I feared it would come to this when it all began! As long as I attended that group therapy, I prayed for the moment when I was going to be given that medical piece of shit saying I am eligible for SRS... and all that time, I was afraid because I knew that it was going to kill me softly to have all my papers ready at hand but not go through with SRS since we don't have any money! 3 years dad! 3 darn years and I have accumulated all these minuses adding up to the list every single day. When you have 50 minuses, you still can cherish a plus... at 100 it gets harder but still not impossible to beam... Multiply 365 and 3 for God's sake and please see that I have now approximately a thousand minuses in a so-called life! How can you expect me to laugh out loud for a prolonged period of time when you bring along 5 pluses in my life and completely ignore the fact that it only leaves me back with 995 minuses?"   He shook his head a little, "You sure have a unique way of seeing life..." But I very well knew that it was not appreciative by any means. It was also so hard for me to sound all these things but the eerie silence between us have been growing lately. One thing, I admit sadly is that I am very used to it so it doesn't affect me. It only recalls memories of 22 long years when I shared nothing but quarrels or silence with him.   "I see things the way they are, dad. I don't go around seeing a half full glass or a half empty one for that matter. I see a glass that is BOTH half-empty AND half-full. What is easy for someone to believe is that I am darn depressive and all negative! The truth is I am all realistic and my responses are quite coherent if you can comprehend where I'm coming from. I understand every single effort you make to pull our lives back together and I do love you more for it... but I am not going to sit and apologize for something out of my hands, dad. I cannot fake a smile to you, sorry. In this damn life you are the only person I don't hide my feelings from... you are the only person that I don't fake anything... and I wish you could cherish that... and I wish you could see that via my honesty and openness, I still haven't given up trying to establish a bond with you... after all this time."   I fell silent and turned away slightly to hide the tears rising in my eyes. I just did not want to end this conversation with a tide of mutual emotions/compassion caused by my tears. After a moment of complete stillness, I somewhat heard him take a deep breath and approach the door, "After all this time, beautiful..." he stated sternly, "...there is one thing I have not given up trying, either. Hoping... and believing that it will all be allright for both of us one day since we have suffered enough."   As I heard the door closing behind him, the riverlets of tears were running down my cheeks. Burying my sobs in the pillow, I lost all my logical replies... If the simplest of things in life were the priceless ones, the most precious of moments were the speechless.