:: ALIVE ::   Timeline:  Past (Winter of 1995)   Once the initial prove of the self stage was completed, I was through with the "newbie" status and gained the "talented person" level by the chorists which also labelled me as "approachable". Soon, I was a part of them and my socializing period gained momentum immediately. Not only was I introduced to almost everyone but also ended up hanging out with them more and more. In the meantime, things at The School of Foreign Languages were not too different, either. I soon found out that there were many Literature students at my class and you know how it all happens. You meet one, then comes another and soon you have a huge cycle of friends-to-bes. It was all so surprisingly fast that my musings as to how the hell I was going to fit in had been just two weeks agone, indeed. My department friends were more into Literature thus many joined the Literature Club but most of the times at least a few of them were there to "audience" the chorus rehearsals.   Apart from those introduced, I have to make important personae additions to this timeline. Solara, Blondie and Trendy were three girls who also lived where I did... Soon, we found ourselves getting back home together after the ensemble and eventually got closer and closer. Of the three, Solara was the one who was closest to me for we shared the same pathetic (goofy wit as we called it) sense of humor and the same greed to be captured by the spotlight. She was the "star" of the previous Annual Show of the Music Club which took place at the end of each Academic year. Not only did we share the same wavelength in life but we were also connected in a more spiritual level, sharing the same interests such as spirituality, the paranormal, the unknown, augury and above all Psychology! She was a Psychology major (and a very successful one, that is) which enabled me to broaden my horizons and learn new things about the human behavioral patterns and defense mechanisms (to name a few of a huge list) from her. The four of us gossipped our brains out on the way back home but when it was just Solara and I, it was a seemingly neverending chatter from one subject to another naturally (with loads of laughter included).   Avarel also lived in the same district so sometimes he gave us a lift and I soon realized the girls (alongside everyone else in the chorus) felt respect towards him caused by his distant and charming Scorpio (oh you bet!) personality. All had dreams about being the lead vocal of one song or another and many girls tried an undergoing foreplay covered by a so-called friendship. I soon realized that it was impossible to form a bond with Avarel at that point and they were trying in vain. He always let people close until he felt the distance was enough. One could never step through those walls for the walls were too high and the gates were always closed. Well, to his benefit, girls love that.. It is always mistaken for a mysterious attire and a sense of treasure hidden in the fortress... Thus, they instinctively race to be the one to unearth that treasure hence prove themselves that they are the one for the guy. Sadly, it is one in a million that there is a treasure. Mostly the walls are built to protect a fragile personality who had been hurt once (not necessarily romantically) and cannot be strong enough to either heal completely or face another wound.   A number of friends and a popularity I had never experienced before was not the only thing that was new to me. The passage of a realm I had never totally caught a grasp of was also open. The night life of Ponderland! I was out every other night and there was always a new bar, a new club a new pub to be discovered. It was a way of living that was so alien to me but the more I found myself in it the more I loved it. I felt as if after all this time, I was finally alive and out of the distinct boundaries of my anonymity within the district I lived and the loneliness of my room. I was discovering a brand new face of my personality... A partier, a fun lover (and fun shaper) and someone who was always on the run from one spot to another. It fit and felt so well that it actually surprised me because I had always considered myself a loner who needed to feel connected to the world but was more content when by herself.   Then again, there was I, surrounded by these peoples who, regardless of their differences, shared a common link; a love of music. So, we carried music and our beat wherever we went...   ...while the show kept going on and on...