:: HEAR HERE ::  Timeline:  Present  "Why is it that every time we meet I find myself underslept, wavering between a cup of tea and a bottle of foundation?" I murmured as I laid my umbrella on the elegant table alongside my bag.  Angel leaned over and hugged me while she chimed, "Simply because you cost me at least 15 minutes on-hold and 2 ciggies chain-smoked." I sat across her, shrugged my leather demi saison off me and sighed, "Not this time. You're early."  "Right and quite shockingly, you're not as late."  Would Ms. Mars like something? (where to begin?) Capuccino, please. "So how are the destiny's darlings doing?" I asked turning back to Angel. This Australian siren who is married to a Ponderguy and I were close friends for almost 2 years now. I can probably come up with a few chucklable definitions that might summarize our friendship but I just won't.   Angel raised an eyebrow, "Is that a new attribute?"  "Quite. Now, shoot me with all those brand new opportunities showering you and your husband's way." Hands gesticulated in the air swiftly, I added, "I'm on anti-depressants, quite high and feeling very empathetic."  "Right. I see you're fine", she sipped her filtered coffee and flipped a blonde lock over her shoulder.  "That I am, although you have to reform the dictionary meaning of fine in my case." This statement was followed by Angel's soliloque on textile industry which lasted for about an hour. Eventually, she asked, "What about you?" to which came my reply; an hour's monologue about the life of a girl who has no life.  "Well, this is like a curse skipping mercilessly from one generation to another. From my father's aunt to my father and finally to me. Now the thing is...." Finishing my second capuccino, I lit a cigarette, "...I will most probably get out of this and as long as I don't have kids, it'll be alright. If I do, poverty will hit back around 50, my lovely, mid-life-crisis-stricken husband will ditch me for a 20 something blonde, no pun intended, and my kids will have to drop their dreams to work their asses off for us to make ends meet."  Angel wiped away a tear of laughter, "You have a Fate to look forward to..."  "Sounds very realistic from this altitude.", I grinned.  Later, while the doctor easily thrusted something the size of my little finger in my ear and dazed me with the holding capacity of aural cavities, I found myself, rather ironically, musing how much of this curse story I actually believed. The doctor hmmed. I blinked. She moved on to my left ear and repeated the check. I fathom I don't believe it wholehartedly (at least not just yet) but somehow it sure makes sense in a phantasm. She hmmed again and pressed her hands to the sides of my neck.  "Gulp please." Obeying, my thoughts finally shifted towards what-if vexations. What if I had malfunctioning thyroid glands? What if I had a clot somewhere located between the ear and wherever in the brain the sound is decoded? What if.... "Thank you, sweetheart." she said and got up, "Well nothing wrong with your ears or your throat." She added a, "On the outside, of course".  "Meaning I shouldn't rejoice just yet?"  "I want you to have an X-ray of your fistula along with an audiogram and tympanogram." she scribbled something on a piece of paper and handed it out to me, "Take this to the Red Cross and they will aid you. Come back with the results tomorrow."  Getting up, I nodded, "Thank you very much."  "Give your dad my regards." As she accompanied me to the door she added, "Are you a ballerina?"  "No. Why?"  She smiled softly, "Your posture and the way you wear your hair definitely mark you as one. That and the exceptionally long neck. You resemble your mother, indeed."  Lovely. Another compliment coming from a post-menopausal/andropausal figure is added to my deluge. At least I am attempting to give the praise holders the commemorating credit they deserve for I may not have the luxury to  hear  another one.