:: NEVERMORE ::  Timeline:  Present  "A pity. It really ran to waste for him."  That disgraceful utterment has been echoing in my ears for the last two hours with the disbelief that I am the object of "relief-in-comparison" for two sickos. That the protagonists of the parody are up to something new and more perturbing. Their creativity is vexing in the sense that whenever I think they cannot come up with something more crackbrained, they so skillfully use each and every cue at hand to spend their fatuous, futureless, hopeless spare time bitching about me. Which one is more shameful, I wonder. That in my absence, I turn to a "him" or that my life is seen as "a waste"? Odd that I don't feel odd. Numb, maybe, a little bit of sensational solidity which will thaw in a few hours. For the minute, though, I can feel the XXY chromosomes in my DNA are tingling as if they emit a chagrined apology.  But my inner voice resounds:   "Easy dear one. It is not your fault. It is nobody's fault. Neither fate's, nor God's if you believe in one. It is not the fault of your parents nor the fault of a luck so hors de combat. It is not the fault of some abysmal hazard that had creeped in the womb you were naively resting in, either.   Self-pity party has been all over.  Do not resist the numbness and numbness will go away. See, it is already ready to depart you. Inhale, exhale, inhale, exhale and see that life has been proceeding all along. Inhale, exhale and 2 seconds are off the clock, never to return again. Let them "him" you in private. Alas, aren't you experienced enough?! Haven't others "him"ed you before? Won't there be many to "him" you further? Can the sleek femininity, the head-to-toe passability (did, does, will n)ever change 22 years of malexistence? Let the shallow waters remain shallow and swim away. With each stroke, all will be past. Every "now" is one heartbeat away from "then". Every cause, every effect are doomed to be transient against the neverending ticking.  Let embraces be fake for their fakeness will last no longer than a blink. Yet, you may say, they ache as long as they last? And that pain makes a little part of you fall off, left behind? Remember leaves; the adepts of Fall. Wind is forever there to carry them away. If not, they are destined to be crushed under your feet, anyway. So that Persephone can present herself again along the way.  Hush, no tears! Tears are not to be shed for fears. Fears are to remind you of Love. Since all is either out of fear or love. Choose the former and you shall wither. The latter, though, is a bittersweet melody of the Fates' lyre. Remember, every anger, every bigotry, every sham is caused by fear. Take them as a "call for help", instead. That's what the masters of existence practiced for eons. Understand and let them be. Thus, at least, you will be playing  your  part with dignity.  You see in the universe of the eternal now, all is actually one. Although they have yet chosen to be apart. Still, within every concept of time you have created, your "oneness" has been eternally reminded. No single being escaped the inevitable... and no matter "what" or "where" in this existence they be,   somewhere in the distance the crow caws a Nevermore for everyone."   Oh... huh? Shit! I have a missed call from Angel which practically means "As Nirvana is online, life's on hold!". I'll be meeting her at 10 am in the morning but the unfortunate question is how long will I be standing her up? My awe-inspiring abilities to be late is cherished by her deeply, I know. She even hissed a righteously irritated, "You are the most timeless being I've ever known in my life!" once.   For the curious, "That's the most anticipated consequence of living in a hell without time, love" was the author's response.