:: THE CRUSH(ED) ::  Timeline:  Past (Fall/Winter of 1996)  While I was packing up to get back to Ponderland and Uni, to say that I was feeling even wearier than I had first arrived at the summer house would not be an understatement. Friendships  can  be consuming at times but how consuming they can get is totally correlated to the degree of selflessness. My drama was too obvious and sickening, "I can't be happy but I can help others be". That's an amazing way of ruminating misery and ending up malnourished by masochism. I totally and ultimately lived for anything but myself. First for my family, then for keeping my society's "normality" rates 0.1% higher by ignoring my birth defect and sacrificed felicity, then for my friends' constant troubles that were spread on a vast palette ranging from ingrown armpit hair to parental huss, from a potentially inseminating precum drop on the pantyhose to maneuvers that will lead into a female's penthouse. Since I was a creature of both worlds (and this truth somehow sensed by everyone but respectfully ignored), I had both boys and girls to deal with. Not to mention the palette at hand was grand! Here was a sexless being befriended and fancied by all yet no single personality stepped forth and cared to ask, "Are you really comfortable in there?".  Why would they? I wouldn't, either if I had someone who was dedicated to rescue me from every single twisted form of late adolescent trauma.  Finishing packing up, I carried my cases and backpack to the car and was ready to leave... not ready to face Gambit pushing the breaks of his car in front of me and, the engine still on, staring at me from the open window of his driver's seat, "Leavin' huh?".  Such questions steal thousands of seconds from life. Like calling someone, your name and number flashing on their mobiles' screen then going, "Hi this is Aura" or opening the door of your house with your key, hands filled with grocery luggage, trying to hold balance as your housemate calls out, "Is that you?". No further sarcasm is necessary but the one that went to Gambit, "Not really. Daily packing exercise. Burns 320 calories."  "Try sex." he snickered, "Burns temperament." followed by a "Have a nice ride back." than drove off.   I certainly didn't have a nice drive back.  Uni was another story. A rather alleviating one. It was the only place where I could disappear in a crowd of self-absorbed youngsters who believed they were better than the rest on an individual level. Multicolored heads' heaven with various piercings glittering in the fall sun. The aforementioned rehearsals of the "professional vocal group" were up and about and I also found myself among the Music Club's board of management as I volunteered during some derisory moment to be the Room Director of a pre-historic ruin that was not in use for years but since the Club was going to offer its members instrumental lessons that semester, was a project at hand since they needed extra space.   When they first unlocked the door, a smell of dust mixed with closeted urine penetrated my nostrils as I faced an irony. The walls dangerously looked like they would crumble at the slightest touch, there was an off-key piano in some corner and chairs that appeared to have had their share of violence were scattered here and there. I was expected to create a near miracle. Being patted on the back, I stood there transfixed. Oh and before they forgot, could I have the place disinfected since there were reports of the room being flea infested? Mwah! I was a darling! With that, I was left alone.  It was during a meeting of the board when I first saw Magna. So this was how (the) "shit happened". Palpitations that are only suitable for the strong-hearted, sweat marks emerging underarms -heaven help if the victim is deodorant disabled-, making an ass of yourself at every opportunity and want to scream out loud afterwards, "I REALLY AM NOT THIS CRAP, I SWEAR!". Looking at him, there was a slight pause in time when all the cerebral action halted, caused by the sudden overlaod in the circuits which couldn't process such a sight overfavored by the powers that be immediately. Once the time unfreezed, I was stricken by multidimensional worries like, hair, weight, a pimple in the butt, mouth hygiene, family background and current GPA.  It all lasted for slightly longer than a second, of course. Then came the recollection that I was a freak of nature anyway, a girl who had to act a sexless boy out and could never ever come near the hypothetical, possibly blonde, siren he was currently bedding. No need to describe a spectral moment further. Suffice to say, I secretly fancied, then seriously fancied and finally fell head over heels for him which lasted for about.. say...a semester and a half.  I never claimed I was an utterly devoted fantasian, did I?    Conclusion:   Years afterwards, all water under the bridge, during a truth-or-dare session at Charon's, I was asked whether I ever had a love so platonic or not. The aforementioned siren of Magna had actually turned out to be an adorable red-head named Sonic and a very close friend of ours. She was also present at the time and my imprudence I failed to assume as straightforwardness made me spill this story... All I can say is, I prefer some of my friends sober.