:: BLACK INCUBUS ::  Timeline:  Present  As long as the door of my Cocoon is slam shut against his unendurable, glottal dissonance occurring through the delta sleep, I don't mind my uncle's sadistic stertor symphony that adorn our nights (and most of our mornings). A consequence of chain-smoking for more than 30 years, his intestines must have already lost the plot yet I wonder how the hell they haven't pulled a strike together by far and decided to suffocate him to end both their misery and save our stratosphere! No matter how familiar I may be with this torture, there are moments when I cannot stand it.  Especially when I'm going through the cycle which resembles the pre-periodic deliriums of natal females. With a perfect timing around the 25th of every month, I am hit by sugar craving, constant babbling, radical tension that is noxious for all beings within the radius of a mile and hot flashes... that sneak into my sleep and are remolded into juicy dreams.   So last night, after I was suddenly predated by a sleep attack, I found myself being penetrated by an incubus in the shape of an African American hunk among a luscious flesh versus flesh rhythm as old as time. I would have interpreted this dream as "Watch out love, you're leaving hormonal leakage behind!" but it wasn't just a dream made up of sizzling sexual indulgence. Towards the finale of what Harlequin Romances would depict as the "seething lust", he leaned over and held my hand then jerked back as if he was electrified. Then, he linked his fingers with mine again, held them tight as he was finished and got up. He hurriedly rushed out and for some absurd reason that is very common in dreams, I heard my aunt's voice outside asking him, "Why you're in a hurry, aren't you?" to which he replied an even absurder, "I have to run out. If I don't, I won't be able to resist falling in love with her". My aunt cackled as a response (bitch!) and I blinked my eyes open while my uncle's overture temporarily ebbed, leaving me awake at 1 am in the morning.  Well well... I couldn't get back to sleep and went on listening to the hurling wind outside, my eyes fixed at the shadowy patterns on the ceiling in the darkness of my Cocoon. When my father found his closet pillaged by my uncle (a sign of his Akineton searching the previous day) in the morning, I nodded dreamily at his breathed swearing while I was having my breakfast. The same reply to his kissing the top of my head compassionately and sarcastically going afterwards, "Heh you're probably going 'Cut the drama' at the moment, right?" while I was plucking my eyebrows (It's nice to have someone in your life who knows you well enough, thus, manages to pursue a conversation that you don't have to actively participate).  When I saw an African American guy (you don't see an African American in Ponderland everyday and if you do, they are usually Nigerians in origin) seating himself at the table across me soon after I ordered my morning espresso at Mrs. Rose's Cafe, I was... Holy filth!  Next time, I'll see to dreaming about a Keanu Reeves look-alike. Who knows?