:: THE UNEXPECTED ::    Timeline:  Past  People can get way too creative when a party theme is concerned. Farewell to summer, hail to winter, cheers to new year, new block, new blog, new hairstyle, successful plastic surgery... Sky is the limit. I wonder when we are such inherent party animals, some deliberately ignore that optimistic part in themselves for the sake of a so called appealing "whatever" attitude towards life. Don't get me wrong. When I'm moody, I am quite intolerable myself... And I cannot say I can tolerate 24/7 hyperactive merriness, either (pun goes to all the hedonists of the globe). Mood swings are acceptable if you have a strong personality. But if you are "whatever"ing everything around yourself so as to wear that apathetic costume that you fail to consider as "cool".... all I can hope for would be that someday someone can tell you how cheesy it looks.   Anyway. There we were, so happy that the summer was finally over and that we had to bury our teenaged noses back into books we did not care about, we decided to celebrate it big time. All through the day we shopped, bought food and ingredients, spirits and junk food before we got back to the neighborhood and started cooking up while the guys scattered to return in the afternoon for the grill they were responsible for. I was among the cooks, preparing potato puree with milk and my special fried eggplants coated with tomato sauce reciped by my Grandmother.   The constant gossip need that aroused within Goddess and I was suppressed by the hoopla around us. Girls were coming and going accompanied by the occasional screams due to something overcooked, undercooked or totally gone wrong. As afternoon (finally) arrived, I was quite exhausted. Although boys dropped by now and then there was no sign of Gambit... and this simply added suspense to my weariness.   I went back home (which was only 2 minutes away anyhow), took a shower and sat on my bed clad in a bathrobe wondering (have I mentioned I love wondering at times?) how everything would go tonight. All the neighborhood would be there which meant we were to be at least 30 people at the table. And there he was going to sit close to me when I just wanted to kick him at the [insert fitting body part here] for keeping me on the edge all day. As I got dressed and went back into the bathroom for the controversial hair do, I heard footsteps on the stairs (our summer house was triplex). I was hoping to spill my worries to Goddess so I stepped out of the bathroom...   ...only to face Gambit grinning at me in a breathtaking manner. I had never seen him as someone handsome but rather someone shabby who is always with a stubble and a silent, distant manner no matter how much attention he gets. This clean shaved, perfectly dressed up (a tight white shirt enhancing his tan and build, matched by stoned jeans that fit perfectly to his footballer legs and ... everywhere else) heartthrob was someone I had never seen before. I managed a shaky smile and greeting, I think. Obviously I managed fine since he nodded back, that cunning grin never leaving his face. I returned to the bathroom, clumsily spread some hair gel into my palm and somehow slowly got it over with my ardour while my anger sneaked back in.   "How come you remained invisible all day?" I asked to which he leaned his shoulder to the door and crossed arms, "I was busy getting ready" he said laughingly, "Took sometime to bring myself back together." Obviously, he had brought himself back together quite too well but that was something I didn't dare to utter. Instead, having done with my hair, I turned around to get back to the bedroom saying, "Well at least you shaved." (Things never come out the way they should at such occasions. What's sarcasm got to do with it here, right? But that's so me, indeed.) He remained silent for a while, watching me as I strapped a string of leather around my wrist then slowly said, "You hate stubble, don't you?"   Well.. all I hated then was my entire self breaking into pieces as he unexpectedly took the reins, which I had been holding very carefully all through the summer, from my hands and hideously knocked me out (both physically and mentally) out of nowhere. So he was a diamond in the rough? Or he was a diamond who was aware of his worth but kept it hidden unless an occasion arised for him to enter his charisma to the scene? All these were racing in my mind when we heard Goddess's footsteps on the stairs. She gasped and whistled at Gambit and was playfully teasing him for which I was grateful. For it gave me the opportunity to finally breathe a little and exhale the tension stuck in my lungs.   That was how we left our house for the party... And that was just the beginning.