:: SCORPION MATTERS ::  Timeline:  Past (Summer of 1996)    Setting:   The insouciant beach scenery in a Nocturne.     Fixtures:   An almost-full Moon pasted to the night sky leaving a phosphorescent trace that led to a vague horizon far, far away. Waves crash serenely on the beach and from afar two shadows can be seen; One somewhat pacing back and forth, the other looking like a wispy pile on the sand.  The approach towards them begins.   Mumble mumble.. mumble mumble.. mumble mumble screwed.. mumble mumble totally banged.. mumble completely bonked! I raised my head to the overwhelmingly irritated (which was getting irritating) figure of Goddess whom, I thought, was soon to start a journey towards the center of the earth now that the traces of her constant pace started to look like the beginnings of a dike on the sand. She had dragged me out of my family's triplex soon after our arrival to the summer house and embroiled me in this monotonous monologue that had been going on for the last 15 minutes and was made up of the technicolored synonyms and derivatives of the word "fucked". I sighed as silently as I could so as not to sound as if I was getting bored but ennui is the inevitable outcome of a circumstance that seems to process in circles instead of an ascend towards the climax (tell me!).  "Would you relax a little, hun?" I shot, so that she could snap back at me and the subject would at least change. That and at some point, I had to remind her of my presence.  "Relax?  R E L A X !?!?  I mean here I am drowned in self-pity and stuck in a situation beyond me, desperately in need of a close friend who, just in case you need an explanation as to why you are here at this particular moment, is you and you are telling me to cool off! Ever thought of writing an advice column?" Her voice echoed off slowly in the currently solitary beach whose hidden corners were soon to be occupied by girls whispering "Don't..." and guys inherently taking this opposition as an erection signal.  "No. I advice for free. How about telling your mind that takes my remark as 'cut the crap' to back off, sitting down next to me and telling me about what happened?" I tilted my head and even smiled sweetly knowing that although I couldn't see her face, she could see mine.  "Oh well..." she retorted and literally fell down next to me, her chest heaving either from the best of physical exercises, ie. sandwalking, she had been through or from the anxiety that engulfed her. I waited for a moment so that partial calmness is recaptured before clearing my throat.  "So... shall we start from the beginning?"  "I'm screwed.. I'm..."  "Fast forward a little."  "Here I am drowned in self-pity and..."  "Goddess!" An eyebrow raised to intensify the exclamation. Anyone who knew me personally was cognizant of the fact that when an eyebrow was raised, seriousness (or danger) wafted in the air.  "Alright, alright" she raised both hands and ceasefired, "First off, I want you to know that I, now, can understand where you are coming from when Gambit issue is considered." I narrowed my eyes and an "Oh?" escaped my lips while she continued, "It's really impossible to form a healthy relationship when the relationship is surrounded by a myriad of mutual friends and is constantly microscoped."  I nodded and, although why Gambit and I were never a proper "issue" had nothing to do with that (at least, back then), kept my silence. She took a deep breath which, I estimated, marked the end of the introduction and the beginning of the real thing, "I guess I'm in love with Predator".   Predator made up the last corner of the friends-for-life square during our personalized version of Dawson's Creek. Gambit, Goddess, Predator and I formed a subset alongside many others that constituted the actual set named "the gang!". We were about 30 people who grew up together, initially bound by a suburb of Ponderland that was inhabited by summer houses.  I am not an easy person to surprise. I can take in statements like, "Guess what? I had sex with a dolphin last week and am pregnant with the first anthropomorphic being on this planet now!" with a smile and possibly with indifference unless I'm expected to be its godmother. I guess I'm way too much of a Forgiving Humanitarian for my well being. Then again, the fact that I can forgive and empathize someone rarely implies that I hesitate to rebound out-of-date personalities in my life to the waste bin. "Well..." I said, cutting my musing halfway and turning back to the reality, "That's awesome! I always knew that you guys would make a perfect couple. Still, I wonder how your boyfriend will react to that."  Goddess sighed and leaned back, resting on her elbows, her expression coming and going between anxiousness and numbness, "And that's where I need you in."  I mimicked her posture and we sat staring at the sea for a while before I broke the silence, "How close are Ben and Predator?" I asked to save myself some time.  "Very." was the answer, "Through last winter, we formed a tangle. You know, Predator and I as childhood friends, Ben and I as lovers, Predator and Ben as buddies which developed into a team that are glued to each other. The thing is, as we got closer, I realized that I am helplessly drawn to Pre instead of Ben. We have never been this close and boy, Aura, we just make so much sense together it was inevitable!"  "Well then all I can say is..." I bit my lower lip, "...break up with Ben as soon as possible. It's no use to act as if you take him for granted while you actually don't. You can only take someone for granted if you still have a gain."  "Nice words. Now how about filling me in with the appropriate way of wasting a relationship of 3 years?"  Sarcasm, I can relate to. Sarcasm due to hopelessness, I can sympathize. But sarcasm once the eyebrow is raised is pushing luck. "What do you want me to do, Dess? Abracadabra your life? I didn't get myself stuck in manure and from where I'm standing all you have at hand is your honesty to stop the sinking. Take it or leave it!"  "Eat it!" she said but the tone indicated that she was with me and backed off.  "I'm not saying cut the ties with Ben and jump in the sack with Pre that night." Her eyes twinkled so I added, "However tempting that might seem. Then again, although your hormones can invade your reason, I'm sure Pre's won't be effected by them. He is a sealed box that needs too much time to lockpick, go in and re-lock the latch from behind."  She nodded, "He's a total mystery. How much do you know him?"  "No further than he allows me to see. We only had a quarrel once in all these 8 years we have known each other. We've shared a lot of moments, a lot of video games, a lot of movies, a lot of jokes but if you ask me who Pre really is behind the outlook, I'm all blank."  She moaned and raised, sitting cross-legged on the sand. Taking a handful, she let the particles flow between her fingers, "I wish I could sneak into his mind... No not even that! I wish I could just take a peek."  "Sorry but if what you told me about this tangle of yours is on-key then you probably know him better than I do. Then again, I know him to the point that he has his own morals and his heart would lie in dignity. He would never arrive on a trotting horse, withdraw his sword and, armor shining, rescue you from a blinking boyfriend who has no idea what's going on, grab you by the collar, kiss you passionately as the two of you sail off towards the sunset. You have to be careful, sensitive and above all, sensible in this case which means break up with Ben immediately. Cut this meaningless threesome and let the situation fallow."  "Easier to say than do." I sensed the tears in her statement and also raised, wrapping an arm around her shoulders. Alas! We were 19 back then and such crisis were still parts of our late adolescent dramas. We sat there silently, leaning on to each other and on to our mutual trust until couples started passing us by in search of the greatest location for the "deed".    Conclusion:   Goddess didn't break up with Ben neither that summer nor the following year. Thus, I, while still fighting gender dysphoria all by myself and hidden from the light of the world, not only had to put up with her episodic tantrums thanks to Pre's romantic affairs but also the occasional, allusive eye contact with Gambit during those rare moments when his girlfriend was away to shower between shags.