PHANTASMEMORIA       :: DEAFENED BEAUTY ::    Timeline:  Present  Cupping my cheeks with both hands, my dad posed a proud smile as he looked into my eyes, "You are a very beautiful girl, you know." Taking a step back, he narrowed his eyes and nodded to nail his statement; a vague attempt to shift my mood as the gesture implied that he meant what he had said. I smiled slightly and turned around to keep on stuffing my bag with all the unnecessarities of feminine baggage as if what mattered to me the most at the moment was making sure I had my lip gloss and cleenex with me. Sighing, he turned around and uttered a, "Well I guess you're unaware of that, though." before stepping out and leaving a me with a you-bet expression behind.  Waggling my butt while I pulled my jeans up (a straight-out-of-some-jeans-ad move that always works while dressing up in front of boyfriends), I sighed and picked my bag up before heading out to the kitchen (the only location in the pit we live at that has the best light for make up). My mind was occupied with this ear problem I had been having as of late. I keep having these sudden attacks that makes me feel like my auditory perception is replaced by a vacuum while I keep hearing my voice in my head -- something resembling how one feels when they have water left in their earlobes after swimming. Worse, I also hear my breathing in my head which implements a Darth Vadery background to my daily life:  "Yes ma'am?"  "Marlboro Lights Menthol please. [coo haw -- coo haw -- coo haw] Thanks. Have a nice day." [coo haw -- coo haw]  "Beware the power of the dark side, ma'am."  Taking that problem aside, I asked myself if a daughter can rely upon her father on such compliments anyway After all, it's his casual paternal tripping to see me forever as a youngster (which helps at times when one nears 30) and beautiful. I have concerns about my outlook as much as every female and being the perfectionist I am, unless one day I manage to stop the traffic as I gracefully pass the street, I will never be totally convinced that I am a good looking human being unless after those rare moments when I am pampered by a facial or straight out of the hairdresser or all waxed up and ready to show off those legs with a micro skirt.  Getting out of the flat and entering the ancient elevator (it is so antique that it needs a check up every other week. I assume it is one of the first examples of the modern elevator released in late 60s after those see-through ones with a sliding lattice door; Those that that travel up and down while a marbel staircase spiral around them in some French movie. I'm not certain if this makes sense to Americans, though. I always thought that historically, they jumped straight from westerns' stairs to modern dramas' monochrome elevator doors that slide open after a ding. Possibly my bad), I looked myself in the mirror. Perfect make up yet frizzy hair!  Being endowed with long, naturally straight locks is a gift but having hair that have mood swings totally unmatching mine is not. Some days (the key word is "some" here), they decide that they're in the mood and it's time to rock! I have to emphasize that when they rock, I am rarely on the same wavelength. At others, like this one, I want to look neat for one day after an inane, unkept week but thanks to their  hmphing away, I end up being partially done and the glances from my fellow sex scream, "Cute... If you don't count the hair".  Getting out of the elevator, this was time to check the overall attire. A lycra V-neck bordering somewhere between adequate and sexy with jeans that compliment my slenderness just enough and I am proud to announce as BRAND NEW! (yes my loyal, faded, torn, patched all over jeans are now resting in piece). Moreover, I even managed to purchase brand new boots to go along with them. I am still trying to disregard the fact that summer is around the corner and I will only manage to wear them for a month or so until next Fall. A long, leather jacket that was once made a pass at as "You go Matrix!" finished the touch and now the only thing left was to tie that hair in a knot and I would be o.k.  I was still fighting with a rebellious lock that kept on popping out while footsteps were heard on the stairs. It was the old Mr.Flex known as such because he is a retired calisthenics coach. The once bulging muscles are now replaced by the shrinking flesh of the old age and he falls into the category of "stick figure elders" that kept shriveling down until they walk around dangerously two-dimensional as opposed to the "Humpty Dumpty elders" that grow an age belly from their mid torsos and relatively stoop so that their hip lines merge with their backs. Per usual, he came to a halt on the last step and started staring at me so I had to greet him with a "Hello Mr.Flex".  "Mm.. hello young lady" was the awaited response followed by a smile that said "since you are in this building and casual enough to fight with your hair in the middle of the first floor then I should know you but I so not". I was extremely used to his utterly temporal memory so we went over this every time and could never took a step further than the introduction. Usually, I am an elder's beloved... so as long as they can still spread their World War I reminiscences and/or wear hats with matching gloves. When we first moved in with my Granny, he continuously mistook me for the ex beauty queen living at # 12 whose pre-menopausal craze lead her to wear skin tight tops with stretch jeans. Needless to say I wasn't feeling complimented.  I smiled and took a deep breath to ready myself to the coming. "You are...." he began and my perfect timing took the burden off his slumped shoulders, "...the daughter of Mr. Mars. The great nephew of the woman with the manic depressive son."  The moment of enlightenment struck him with an "Aaahh... how is she doing?"  "She is fine... well... fine as much as she is allowed to be if you know what I mean." All of us are allowed to be, indeed.  He nodded as I finished with my hair that decided to acquiesce to my efforts probably because even they were not wallowing in the moment and wanted to flee atopside their owner. Just when I took a step towards the exit, my ear got me again and the natural sound of my breathing started reverberating in my head.  "Well have a nice day Mr. Flex [coo haw -- coo haw -- coo haw]"  "You too young lady..." he was already wobbling towards the waiting room at the entrance before he stopped and turned to me abruptly with a sparkle in his eyes, "..you know I remember your mother vaguely from her visits to your Granny. She was a very beautiful woman. You must have taken after her." With that he entered the room and disappeared.  Maybe I was a bit overjudgemental towards his deficiency of recollection? Or prejudiced towards this fading man who had just managed to place a surprised smile on my lips? Whatever that was, I certainly could have savored that statement, turning it in my head over the morning to enhance the warmth it brought along if my head wasn't already preoccupied with the sound of my very own self as I spoke and breathed.