:: A SPIRITUAL OPPORTUNITY - Part Two ::   Timeline:  Present vs. Past (Winter of 1994)   The elderly woman leaned back in her chair, that piercing (not in the disturbing sense but rather extremely effective) smile of hers never leaving her thin lips. Her white hair was pulled back and tied in a knot, her delicate hands kept gesturing swiftly in the air as she went on talking upon the raised podium facing the audience. There were more people present than I had imagined and her capturing aura was so prominent that not a even an occasional cough or alike was heard in the seminar room. The room was a mixture of history and modernity. Just like the building Maharishi Mahesh Transcendental Mediation center was located in. It was a windy winter night accompanied by a light rain and through the ajar window, these ethereal companions sneaked in, causing the white curtains sweep gently across the floor as if they were also curious as to what was going on inside.   "...another important point is that you should be rest assured that what we present here has nothing to do with religion or a set of beliefs that are an alternative to it. TM (the abbreviation for Transcendental Meditation) is just an element added to your ways of living just like adding going to the gym or taking a hobby course to your daily schedules. It is a meditation technique easy to exercise and don't you fear whether or not it will work for you or you can do it. Everyone be it 7 or 77 can learn this method very easily and implement into their lives..."   The seminars lasted for a week. Through Monday to Wednesday were the free sessions where TM was briefly introduced to all those who were willing to learn about it. The seminars after Wednesday, though, were restricted to those who were determined to proceed and were ready to pay the "small" fee   Oh well... The guy who is sitting somewhat across me keeps slurping his tea which is getting more yucky every second. That and his glottal noises screwed my motivation to write. To wrap it up, we went on with the seminars, I turned a meditator after an eccentric personal ritual, my tutor told me that I had great potential and I should consider attending the Sidhi courses before heading off to Maharishi University and awomp bamma looma awomp bam boom! She was extremely supportive and TM made me control my deprivation and get my life back on track much faster than I thought and chang-chang, changadee-chang-chibop.   It is an amazing experience that I recommend to each and everyone. If you seek further information, visit   Maharishi.org  and shoowop, shoowally, wally, yippity, boom-de-boom.  [*frowns at the guy*]    -----------------------------   Then she completes the cycle, stops repeating the mantra, wakes up refreshed and rama lama lama kadingy, kading-a-dong.   Happy End.   [Idiot !!! *compulsory coffee break*]