:: A SPIRITUAL OPPORTUNITY - Part One ::   Timeline:  Present vs. Past (Winter of 1994)   The slim silhouette sitting cross-legged upon the worn mattress sighed softly as she went on journeying in spirals towards the depths of her psyche. The shadows danced in the dim room as a passing car's headlights were reflected on the windows. The smoke of the lavender incense kept filling the air lazily while it fought against the dominating, rusty odor of the dust accuulated in the corners. In her mind's eye her mantra flashed as it was repeated in harmony with her heartbeat, soothing and taking her back and downwards, revealing and releasing the memories in her unconscious hidden from her. Memories that were long forgotten... or so the conscious erred her to believe.   -----------------------------   It was only two weeks since my mother had passed away. The emptiness cancer leaves behind after it traps and kills a loved one is quite bothersome. One goes through the illness on the same wavelength with the person who suffers from it with the difference that one only experiences the mental sphere and not the physical. The patients fight for their lives while the relatives fight for their sanguinity. When the patients fall, the relatives fall too yet they have to stand up immediately and bring their relatives back on their feet. As the illness progresses the patients and relatives get used to acting out a mutual optimism. Both sides keep their positivity in each other's presence yet behind closed doors the decaying process of accepting the possibility of death continues.   Thus, if the patient falls prey to the scythe of an anthropomorphic death, the only thing left for those who are left behind is accepting the absence of their loved once and not their passing away... Since their death has already been accepted if not awaited with a covered sadness.   When I went back to high school after only 2 weeks of my mom's death, I was saddened even more. The thing was I could not stand the silence in the house, could not stand the piercing serenity of being alone this time. Hence, I ran away from that apartment where each corner was ready to shove a tearful memory in my throat. Even worse, I was feeling as if some door back in my mind was shut thus hiding all those merry, delightful moments mother and I had spent together and on this side of the door where I was, flashed only the timespan during which cancer was an issue - All those emotionality we had been through up until her ICU week were as vivid as possible to my dismay.   Thus, I ran back to school, thinking my friends would embrace me, believing they would understand that I could not tolerate this Chinese torture a second longer. I tried my best to be my old self, laughing, singing and joking around. Those who were closest to me, including Sister G., went with the flow yet the rest of the class acted as if I wasn't there at all! Saying I was shocked would be an understatement. People were passing me by as if I wasn't there... and soon I started thinking I was in one of those Hours, 6th Sense-like movies where I was actually nothing but a ghost and was fooling myself that I was for real. Finally, I couldn't cope with it any longer and cornered Bee snapping, "What the hell is wrong with you people? I'm back! I'm here! I'm fighting for normality here and you're acting as if I'm not present!"   Bee hissed back a reply that rings in my ears even today, "You should have been mourning right now! Not behaving as if everything is normal because it is not!" With that she turned around and left, leaving a jaw-dropped me behind.   I ran away from school this time.... and found myself on the bus whose last stop was my parents' ready-to-wear workshop. Arriving there, I blindly took the steps down and entered the building, obviously surprising all the workers within for I rarely dropped by that place. My father was out so I closed the door of the office behind me, separating myself from the outer world and the understanding (mixed with pitying) glances of the workers and threw myself on the comfortable chair where my mother used to sit. Sinking into the chair, I inhaled the mixed scent of mahogany and cloth in the office.   Between the table and the decorative cut glass upon it were pictures of my mother and father - mom with the workers, mom and dad smiling in front of the building with a few co-workers and... a backstabbing moment captured while mother and I were laughing at something, totally unaware of the lens directed towards us.   When the phone rang, tears had been flowing for heaven knows how long. "Hello?" I answered shakily.   "Oh hi dear. This is Mr. Mason, is dad there?"   I covered the receiver with my palm and sneezed before replying, "No, Mr. Mason but he'll be back shortly. Would you like to leave a message or will you call back later?"   "Actually..." he began a little hesitantly, "...I might as well tell you about this, sweetheart. There is this Transcendental Meditation center here in Ponderland that we have an invitation for this week's seminars to. Your dad seems interested but thinks you wouldn't feel aright about it for the minute. Would you like to come along? They start tonight."   Trans.. what? Here I was trying to cope with my life and this guy was talking about a seminar about a hardly pronounceable thing "Actually no, Mr. Mason. I have no interest but I'll ask dad if he wants to come along with you. Anything else? No? Take care."   Hanging up, I leaned over and rest my forehead on the table, totally forgetting about the conversation while doing so. I don't know how I fell asleep there but I jerked with the touch of a hand on my shoulder, "What are you doing here?"   Shaking my head slightly, I rubbed my eyes and got up, "Hello to you, too dad." It was then I realized that he had some business company "Oh sorry.. I didn't mean to disturb you."   A middle-aged woman stepped forth and tried a compassionate smile, "No no you're not disturbing at all, dear." She reached over and held my hands, "How are you?" I released my hands from her grip and frowned, "Fine." I said sternly while it was the quite old man's turn to step in the scene, "We're so sorry to hear about your mom. Our condolences..."   "Yes yes thanks." What was this? A let's-pity-this-17-year-old-who-needs-all-the-love-in-the-world-to-make-it-through party? I looked over my shoulder and muttered, "I'll be in the kitchen, dad." and went out without another word. People around me were either odd or I had lost the plot entirely. They either made me sick with their slimy affection tripping or shunned my efforts to get back on track and ignored me. Actually, I didn't even know which party was worse. Entering the kitchen, I poured myself a cup of tea and was further strangled by the attitude of the workers. Their eyes screamed "we are so sorry" yet they kept trying to make me smile.   It was then I realized that unless I left my life for a while, I could never properly get it over with this temporary eeriness around me. Wherever I went, people were going to kill me slowly with their clumsiness towards afterdeath thus enhancing my deprivation. All of a sudden, I started seeing walls rushing forth and trying to entrap me.. the place seemed smaller than ever... it was now a cell... a prison... faces were coming closer murmuring, "She is dead!"... faces with eyes wide open ... "She's dead!" .... the voices echoed among creaky walls approaching... "So sorry.... so sorry.... so sorry.... sorry.....sorry....."   The next thing I know, I screamed as I rushed into the office panting, sweating and stuttering, "Mr... M-m-ason.. cal-led...say yes... say we'-ll-go" and with that I passed out.   -----------------------------   A deep breath was heard in the room as Night raised Her dark curtain. Her embroidery - the twinkling stars lit the windy, winter sky faintly. The shadows fell upon the closed, flickering eyelids of the girl who was holding a pillow in her lap as she sat cross-legged on the worn mattress. The memories waved in, the incense burned away and her mantra took her further down while a car passing by blew a horn outside.