:: FIRST AND FOREMOST ::   Timeline:  Past (Summer of 1996)     Summary:  Aura's prep year at Bayside University is over. She attends the Music Club and joins Rock Choir, one of the three polyphonic ensembles the Club offers to its members. After the Choir's annual show at the end of the Spring Semester, the Musical Director Avarel discloses his plans about forming a professional group that will be somewhat the more crowded version of Manhattan Transfer. In the meantime, one of Aura's closest friends, Goddess calls and tells her she needs her desperately.    It was a fine summer afternoon in June when I stepped out of the Music Club and watched people coming in and going out hastily. The auditions for Avarel's group were announced and after seeing our performance, those who were around were quite eager to join. I had just been auditioned myself as a proof that no one was favored and to tell you the truth, I was hating every moment of it. All this effort to make everything according to the book was not my style at all. Soon, Sprinter and Ode joined me outside and as the casual conversation flowed, I found myself craving to get back home and pack for the summer house. It was not because I didn't like Bayside but such was (and still is) my character. I need my space. I have the need to disappear, be on my own for a while, take a deep breath before diving back into the action again.   While I was craving and conversing simultaneously, two girls approached us and joined the talk. I didn't know them though they were no strangers by sight. When you are a regular in an environment made up of closely-connected people nobody is a stranger totally. One of them was the girl that I had met way back during the initial chorist selections of the Music Club. She was the one who kept murmuring "Wind Beneath My Wings" perfectly (she definitely had an amazing voice) while expecting awe from her surroundings (that was the irritating part). She introduced herself as Bunny and her friend as Charon. As far as they told us, they were selected to the Classical Choir and although they were very few in number (when compared to the 40 something members of our Rock Choir), they turned out to be very good friends. She was nice but the other girl, Charon was even nicer. She had this air around her that emmitted wit (and she actually was witty when all those clever jokes she kept hitting were considered - that is the kind of wit I admire, indeed. If one is an expert at witty humor without being sarcastic, he/she wins my first impression over. Goofiness, on the other hand, never does the trick), approachable yet also a million miles out of reach. The second best thing in a person for me after punctual humor is a personality that cannot be read as an open book and keeps you at a distance no matter how much sincerity it reflects. As I said, this is me. I am likewise so I'm drawn to people likewise - a simple formula.   So I started talking to this Charon person and soon we found ourselves planning what to do for the night. While the five of us were going down the slope to take the seaside road to Middlemarch (one of the most popular districts of Ponderland [aliased in this story after one of my favorite books] by the sea and is famous for its history as well as its street cafes and trendy bars), I found out that I found her very easy to talk to. This is the third and final criteria of a fundemental friendship to me. You probably have experienced it, either. Look at those who are closest to you at the moment and try to recollect the first time you have met them. It is most likely you will see that with at least one of them, you have never had problems communicating from the very start. In Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, Richard Bach presents his readers with some book of sagacity called Illusions within which the protagonist comes across a teaching that goes:     Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years."    Charon and I were (are) simply two of countless perfect examples of this "teaching". All throughout that night, I went through those rare moments of life when laughter shared under the carefree effects of alcohol teaches one more than tears. I simply got to know these four people who were going to play a major role in my life in the coming three years more than ever and especially one who, in time, was going to be my female soulmate, my delicious other and best friend for the rest of my life.   When the morning arrived and my Grandmother and I were finishing packing up while waiting for my dad to arrive so that we could get going to the summer house, I was more than glad that my stay in Ponderland was prolonged. Now I was ready to face the question marks I was going to share with Goddess as I looked forward to my Freshman year.