:: FAKE IT NOT ::   Timeline:  Present Perfect   "First, never hang up on me again!"   "I didn't hang up on you! I was paying for..."   "Second what's this fake ID thing about? What do you think I am? Mafia or something?!"   "But you said..."   "I said we could try applying for a temporary ID not fake, for God's sake! There's a grand difference!"   "Right! Awesome, really! So I'm back where I've started!" [pause] "You know how I feel?! I feel like a wounded animal that attacks those who try to help it because the pain surpasses sense! Now before I start mauling you, leave me alone..."   -----------------------------   "...will you?" I blinked my eyes open to see Mrs. Rose smiling at me right next to my table. The sun hid itself behind a cloud yet the rays were streaking from the clouds, causing intricate patterns all around the sheltered garden as the shadows of the leaves fell upon it. "Excuse me" I said with an embarrassed smile, "Were you saying something?"   "That soup, darling. You won't finish it, will you? It's cold already anyway. Would you like me to get you a new one?"   "Oh no, thank you." I muttered slightly shaking my head. I was so lost in my musings that I forgot about the soup, indeed. She leaned over to take the china bowl away and patted me on the shoulder. "You seem a little worried, Aura. Would you like to talk about it?"   "Oh it's nothing, really."   "Let me know if you like anything else, then." She turned away and was climbing the steps leading into the cafe when I raised my voice which caused her to halt, "You know I may need something, though." Mrs. Rose turned around with her eyebrows raised and that compassionate smile dominating her sincere face, "That Brownie cake with chocolate sauce of yours. That might be just what I need."   She laughed as she disappeared and I sighed deeply. There should have been a way out of this. There was a source of light somewhere and it was patiently waiting for me to find it. Perhaps it was this darkness that my eyes got used to which was making it harder to spot.... Perhaps, when I found it, my eyes would need some time to adjust daylight again. Nevertheless, there was a way. There always was a way that led to a brand new beginning since nothing in life was permanent. No matter how long a situation might have seemed to linger for, it was destined to...   -----------------------------   "...change! You have to realize that this is not the way to deal with problems. You are neither the first nor the last person who is turned down at an Interview!"   "Why can't you just leave me alone so I will simply cool down? The last thing I need is some patronizing!"   "I'm not patronizing you! I'm just showing you that this is something natural. You are disappointed alright. You were expecting this voiceover thing to be an exit out of this place but there'll be other opportunities. There'll be so many opportunities when the time comes that you'll turn back and laugh at these days."   "Fine! I'll laugh when the time comes, then! Now if you please excuse me, I want to concentrate on this minute and the fact that another chance is missed and it's all because of...."   -----------------------------   "...you? God, is that really you, Aura?" I raised my head and couldn't believe my eyes when I saw one of my high school friends smiling at me. Dearest Bee! We were really very close since we went to the same high school, were living at the same neighborhood and our summer houses were at the same district. It had been years since I last saw her, indeed. That last time was my huge (re)Birthday party back at 1999 when all my friends were invited to meet the real me for the first time. We hugged each other tight and I stuttered, "Bee... I... can....cannot believe this! How have you been?"   "Where have you been should be the one." We chuckled as I invited her to sit down with me but she had to go, "I am just going to meet my fiance." she said and my face obviously got the you-gotta-be-kiddin' expression so she smiled and added "Right, I'll be getting married this summer but anyway. I tried to call you dozens of times but your number was unreachable." Obviously, I had changed my mobile number ages ago once my speeddating days were over so we swapped numbers and hugged again, making sure we would meet as soon as possible.   Mrs. Rose was bringing my cake in the meantime and saying, "Ah what a lovely sight, darling. Old friends coming together again. You know what is the best?" She placed the plate on the table and sighed, "The fact that thousands of things change yet some things always remain the same. Memories of good-old times are one of them."   I smiled and nodded, "True. At least those good-old times are always as real as they could get and not..."   -----------------------------   "....fake! I'm your dad! I'm on your side! Don't try to take this out on me!"   "I am not... I.... am I?"   "Come here silly..."   "...I'm sorry.. I just..."   "I know, beautiful. I know."