:: FAKE IT ::   Timeline:  Present   There had been so much snow to delight me yet it just went so abruptly, it was surprising. A fake spring painted the sky a deep azure and coveys of swallows scattered and united playfully in the air as they passed high above the skyscrapers. Fortunately, white storks have not returned yet. They are believed to be the ones who carry the actual spring benath their wings and are believed to be the initial sign of the rebirth of nature.   "Excuse me!" The smiling blonde (dyed, of course) entered the office that was shoving its modernity in one's face and closed the door behind her. She was wearing a formal, two piece dress as she carried a pile of papers under her arm, "I hope you haven't waited for too long." She sat on a comfortable chair behind a neat office desk and I was certain by the look of it that the ergonomy theme was enhanced by an iMaC standing atop the desk. "Not at all" I replied placing a bright smile on my lips, "I have just arrived myself." which was a complete lie, indeed. I had been killing time around the office for about one and a half hours and had been waiting for her in her office for the last 15 minutes.   "So..." she began, linking her fingers to complete the professional Interviewer imagery, "You are interested in doing voiceovers, I see. Do you have any experience in the field?"   I leaned back and crossed my legs trying to look as comfortable as possible - the only hint of my anxiety were hidden in my dead cold hands, "Actually, no." I said in an overtone, "But we all start somewhere, don't you think?"   She nodded and tilted her head slightly, "Are you coming from an acting background or...?"   "No." I hit back straightforwardly and tried my best to sound as sincere as possible, "But I have sang half-professionally for years so I have fundemental knowledge about articulation. After all it is a vital key when you are recording in a studio."   "Right." she agreed but I could sense from her narrowed eyes and the rather dense tone topping her voice that I had started loosing her, "What about diction courses? Do you have a certificate from one of them?"   "No, I don't." I replied to reflect my truthfulness (silly me). I had decided the previous night that no matter what I encountered the following day, I was going to be as open as possible. "Frankly, I didn't know that it was a prerequisite, either." (Frankly!? God!)   "Actually, it is." she said now seeming utterly relieved since this was going to be the easiest if not shortest interview in her entire career. "What we really look for in a beginner is talent shaped by some degree of dictional education. You see, you are going to be working with many professionals in the field. The majority either have a theatratical background or are experienced with the microphone such as radio djs. Doing voiceovers with them requires at least basic knowledge about timing as well as different types of stresses, pronunciation and dialects..."   I was continiously nodding in the meantime. The chin was up, the smile was still there yet I think it turned to look like a oh-I-feel-like-shit-but-go-on-informing-me-anyway beam. I turned back to reality as she handed a post-it-not to me with numbers on it, "...try them and once you get a certificate, contact me as soon as possible so we'll see what we can do for you. You sure have a melodic, soothing voice." I stood up and shook her hand firmly while I was thinking, 'I'd probably try them if you were dying to sponsor me, love.' She accompanied me to the elevator outside and I thanked her once again before saying a final goodbye.   When the doors closed, I took a deep breath and closed my eyes. So this was it! The story of my post-transitional life that I had been trying to alter. I took my mobile out and dialed my dad's while I was hastily exiting the building, "Hey beautiful!"   "Dad get me that fake ID."   "Why, you were indifferent..."   "I changed my mind. Get it!" I stumbled upon something on the sidewalk and cursed slightly as I tried to reach for the bus stop half running half walking. Darn, the bus was overloaded and passed the stop by.   "How did the interview go?"   "I was turned down gracefully. Anyway, are you or aren't you getting it?"   "Are you serious?" Another bus slowed down and although this wasn't the one I was supposed to take, I got on anyway.   "I've never been more serious." Hanging up, I took out my wallet to pay for the ride. If life was so determined to fake it for me, it was high time I would fake it back!