:: SCARECROW - Part Two ::   Timeline:  Present Perfect   The strong Boreas was shaking the windows and they were trembling slightly like my insides while my dad was standing amidst the Cocoon, leaning to a chair with one hand and listening to me -- the windows were resisting the penetration of the wind just like I was resisting the penetration of a nervous breakdown, ".. and that is why I feel all by myself.." I went on, "...that is why there is barely anyone left but you who is physically by my side!"   He shook his head slightly and raised a hand to interrupt my monologue, "You have always been by yourself, Aura." he said sternly. There was this serious yet not accusing look in his grey eyes to my surprise, "I don't remember a time when you spent a night with your family. You always had your own sanctuary, your own room whose door was closed to the outer world. I am not just talking about these last 5 years, too." He smiled a little to make sure he was not trying to blame me for acting likewise, "Even before these years, even when your mother was still alive you weren't among us. I cannot recall you, your mother and I spending time together a few days in a row. You always isolated yourself from your family and we accepted you as you are. Still, I have always been by your side physically no matter what. I was simply a door away... just like I am now." He pointed at the shut door to emphasize his simile.   My lips were burning with pain since I had been biting them non stop for the last 15 minutes, "Dad now that my friends are physically apart from me, I have literally nothing more left to give."   "Oh please, beautiful..." He took a step towards the bed I was sitting cross-legged upon and sat next to me, "...you never had anything to give! Can't you see Aura..." he locked his stare to mine until the eye contact started digging the moat circling my defensive fortress, "...you didn't loose anything since you never had anything to loose. What you consider as losses were circumstances that made you stronger. You've never lost a thing, dearest. You've simply changed! You've simply adapted and adjusted. You have simply become more experienced as you have grown to become a more and more beautiful woman in these last five years."   That was it! I could feel him sneaking in through my walls and reaching the little girl inside who was afraid, "Do you..." I was surprised how desperate my voice sounded, "...think that I have been doing nothing, dad?" I gulped down a sob and dig my nails in my palms unconsciously, "Do you think that I abused your understanding?.. that I simply crawled in a corner and hid while you were out there trying your best to fight the consequences of our bankruptcy? Do you think I was being a selfish, useless parasite all this time?" He parted his lips to say something but I raised my voice to halt him, "No please! I need to know and I want you to shove it in my face if that is so. If that is what I have been doing, if that is what I seem when looked from the outside, I want you to slap me and wake me up no matter what!"   He reached over and took my cold hand in his warm palms, "There have been occasions when people told me so, to tell you truth." I felt a dagger's edge thrusting itself into my heart, piercing my feelings once I heard that statement. Finally, I was about to face the worst of my fears. Finally, even my dad was going to say he was fed up with my weaknesses, "And never have I given a damn what one or two says." He stroke my hand softly and once again turned to reach for the little girl within me, "I know you well enough, beautiful and I know why you always have a door shut. You have always had a burden too heavy for your shoulders but you never asked for help for 22 long years. You faced everything by yourself, learned to deal with all your problems by yourself and never knew what it feels like to be aided..."   "Five years ago, Aura, you opened that door for the first time to step outside and come to me. You gave me a chance to help you. You gave me a chance to be a father for the first time.... and I may have failed for these last 5 years but sooner or later, I will overcome our financial obstacles that prevent your belated SRS. You are not sitting idly in a corner while I fight for you, beautiful." His voice softened as he squeezed my hand, "You are just giving me a chance to be your father and yourself a chance to be helped by your father. You are a strong woman who is weak in body and I never thought you have been abusing my good will... If you were ready to face the world and still kept on shivering like you are now....." he leaned over and pulled me towards himself so my head rested on his shoulder while his arms wrapped themselves soothingly around my slim form, "....then I would probably kick you out of your sanctuary and slap you in the face to wake you up... but not now, no."   His words kept ringing in my ears as silence prevailed. They hang in the air before they slowly started sinking in and the girl inside me stopped shivering, her momentary fears slowly escaping her. I closed my eyes, slowly taking in his paternal compassion and for the very first time in my life, I realized that I respected this man beyond words. He may have failed me when love was considered for too long but he never failed me when I was lost in a stormy sea of fears and needed a lighthouse to find my way back towards the shore. "Dad..." I whispered, "You always say that it is not a sin to depend on someone."   He nodded, "It is not. I have always believed so and I always have had someone depending on me. That's just me.. I'm like my mother." Oh my dearest Grandmother... how I knew what he meant by that statement, "I lived for someone else for all my life. Still, I never lived for someone as much as I lived for you, beautiful... not for my parents, not even for your mother."   "Dad can I ask for something?" My palms were sizzling now that I realized I broke the skin with my nails but I ignored it altogether.   "You see? It is not that hard to ask for something." I could hear the contentment in his voice as he kissed the top of my hair and said, "Ask away."   "Please give us a chance after I am ready to face life and when I seem as if I don't have to depend on you any more. Promise me that you will give us a chance to be a daughter and father when the time we are no longer doubling over by the load on our shoulders comes. Don't think you have accomplished your duty in this world and ever think of passing away before we lead the lives of a true father and daughter."   Stroking my hair, he answered softly, "Not a chance, beautiful! Not before this little, shivering duckling I have turns into a beautiful swan and flies by my side to search the horizons."   Tears rose before my closed eyelids as I buried my face to his shoulder. The Boreas retreated and the weather outside started calming down as I formed an image of my father in my soul, thus adding the finishing touches to my scarecrow.