:: THE UNDISCLOSED ::     Timeline:  Past  Looking back at those days, I still cannot believe how perfectly I drew Gambit into my web of the Shelob (pun goes to the Lord of the Rings' vicious spider queen that dwelled on the outskirts of Mordor, Kingdom of Darkness). I never revealed any sign of apparent interest nor have I created an occasion that would enable him or others to think he was the target of my affection. Instead, very slowly, I started activating the feminine transmission the dose of which gradually increased each time.   We were close friends for sure but soon we got closer than ever. Then again, I never made a move that would make him feel uncomfortable. No physical contact, no unusual closeness, nothing... This is why, I believe, he relaxed more and more when he was next to me and finally one day on the beach, we found ourselves having a playful fight over a ring he wears. It was way too amusing, all our friends were laughing with us but still I could feel the eyes of Gambit sparkling as if he was amused more than anyone else around us. That night, as our "gang" occupied a part of the beach per usual, he came over and laid his head on my lap though this also was never a suspicious thing for others. We all were so close and such things were very natural among us. That and the fact the we all grew up together enabled us to have such sibling-like, affectionate contacts anytime, any day.   However casual it seemed, I knew that for Gambit and I it was not casual at all. There his head on my leg, surrounded by the symphony of the crashing waves on the beach, I started singing "Unchained Melody", one of the gang's favorite themes. I could feel the words shaped themselves into an unrevealed meaning and the taste of this cannot be matched by any other.   The speed of today's relationships is sad really. No one is patient enough to slowly devour the heart melting tension in the "undisclosed" part of a budding affair. The more time passes the denser your desire and affection gets. Nevertheless, with the arrival of 21st century, love got so glued to "getting down to it" that it is rapidly consumed. Plus, when sex is such an available thing who cares about chivalry anyway? We exhaust relations so easily with our sex drive then, assuming moving from one bed to another equals dating, wonder why we don't have a satisfactory relationship. Even in a long-term relationship, if sex comes earlier than it should, it messes things up. It is an extremely delicate equilibrium. Sounds old-fashioned?   Well... what if I say this "waiting", this "mysteriously developing thing" between Gambit and I for almost a summer led to the events at the Farewell to Summer party, then?