Timeline:  Present and Past (Winter of 1999)    Attention:  Excess emotionality. Not recommended for people with low EQ levels and/or patience. Be warned and read at your own risk.   With taut hands, with eyes staring blankly at the midst of the table, she slowly, gently, gulped down the rice. The fork leaning on the side of her plate glittered softly; Trying to catch her intention, in a way, urging her to hold it... to pursue her meal. Yet, she was away... So far far away.   "You have had enough, have you not?"   S-stop!  She felt something rising from within. Something evil, something unhealthy, something uninvited... something so familiar from a year ago.  A dire impulse blurring her perception, the trail of her thoughts, her very existence... The desire to throw the plate against the wall and shatter it into hundreds of pieces... maybe breaking an object might break the solid, hidden itch..  Invisible hands grasped her elegant neck alongside pressing thumbs against the dimple on her chin that started to ache. There were tears coming soon... Tears that could not be halted. Tears that could not be withheld... It wasn't tears she was afraid of... It was the awareness that these tears, this time, would be the tears of no return.  She felt eyes on her... Two grey eyes watching her sudden stillness intently. She uttered, "I am fine, dad."  Her voice came out crippled, torn... yet, perfectly in control. The myriad of emotions was not hidden in her soft, feminine voice but it sounded determined... As always.  She heard her parent say something.. His voice was overcome by the sneaking voice within.   "There you go... Here I am, again. You could not deny yourself from me for long, could you, lovedy?"   I denied myself from you ages ago. You are way too late.   "Did you, really?"   The clasp on her neck tightened. She found herself parting her thin, fragile lips so as to continue breathing easily. She did not surrender... Her hands were shaking slightly yet she took the fork back in her thin fingers, found her way towards her lips and managed another mouthful of rice rotate in her mouth.   "Well well, lovedy. You are fighting, in vain. Why the fighting, anyway? Can't you see how easy it is to take a little step sideways? Can't you see how everything will come to an end smoothly if you let one foot slip from that thin rope you have been walking on?"   Shut up!   "No more pain, lovedy. No more tolerating poverty. No more waiting meaninglessly for that day of salvation. No more living in an asylum. No more deprivation. No more having to divert your eyes from couples in love. No more mornings reached through long, cold, lonely nights...."   She gulped down and cleared her throat. The meal was almost over. The old lady who was sitting with them at the table got up. Leaving her and the grey-haired man against each other. His eyes imprisoned her expressionless face. She seemed to be chewing her meal yet her eyes were so dull, so fixed on one spot of the table. She seemed to be afraid of letting that spot go.  As if that spot was aiding her greatly in her silent war. As if that was a tiny particle of reality she was clinging to with all her might.   "...No more the seclusion. No more playing possum. No more watching dreams pass you by, one by one. No more being late for life. No more bills to be paid while striving to make ends meet. No more stained sheets and tattered pillows. The dirt of ages will be no more..."   Shut up!  "I am fine, dad. I am fine..." she muttered. He questioned her. She didn't hear the question as she got up with weakened knees. She could feel it...   ...Her predator... coming for her... again!   She floundered to her Cocoon with eyes not seeing... she found her way solely relying on her instincts... she found her way through years of traveling the same, solemn course back and forth... she reached her bag as her breathing got heavier... She, then, realized that she could not see due to tears blurring her vision. As she reached forth, they spilled.  ...Spills of her very own being...    Once more, she was sacrificing her precious water in her pain desert.   Trembling hands found the pills... clumsily, she took out one... dropped it... took another out... no two out... she swallowed them dry. The hands on her neck strangled her. The voice in her head started resounding... Resounding across a possible defeat now that she received a chemical back up in the war.   "...no more the hermit life due to shortage of money! No more sacrificing a single thing because you have to pay the water bill at the end of the month! No more seclusion! No more ideals, plans ruined! No more heartbreak! The fact that you are like an infant presented with her favorite doll but not allowed to play with it no more!..."   "I am fine..." she whispered continuously "I'm fine. I'm fine! I'm fine!" She reached for the window and opened it. The view of spring sea from beneath the two skyscrapers welcomed her versus the budding trees winking with every careless leaf move and scolding her decay while they regenerate. A breeze ran to her aid, filled her nostrils, she choked helplessly to inhale it. She longed for arms. Arms that would hold her that instant. A chest she could bury her face in. A loving embrace that would sponge her state.  "Mother.." she mused, "Grandmother... Lovers who claimed you'd be there for me forever! Where are you?... Where are you  now ?" The tears dangled on her long, dark eyelashes yet did not fall. She was not permitting them to flow. The inner pressure of suppressing was breaking her apart but she did not give in...  ...and her predator knew her way too well so as not to be fooled by her longing.   "No more the lost childhood, younghood! No more keeping your chin up because you  have to ! No more facing a foggy tomorrow! No more soothing your potential that is craving to reach forth! No more having the reserve of a delirious passion! No more countless talents being left to rot in a corner! No more waking up in the middle of the night, panting, clad in sweat and tracing wet locks off your face! No more need! No more want! No more genetic defects! No more being the object of a sentence whose subject is death! No more the necessity of surgery! Being a mutant is no more!"   The ache of her chin was causing little sparkles flying freely across her vision! Her lips mimicked a silent scream... A cry that would probably tear the afternoon sky if the strangling hands let her neck go! She leaned against the window pane, rested her forehead against it, closed her eyes and blindly snatched the knob of the open window.  The time stood still!   "...no more being broken! No more having been born defeated! No more being a Desert(ed) Rose!"   She felt an easiness tracing up her spine and the back of her neck where the fine hairs disappeared into her dark brown locks. The chemicals were finally pushing the enemy away... the predator tried his best shot as his voice weakened:    "NO MORE ME!"    Slowly the hands on her neck let her go, she coughed softly a few times to control her breathing. She sniffed back the traces of tears and took a deep breath as if she needed to make herself sure that she could take a deep breath again!  She was still standing there when she heard his voice softly said, "Aura?"  "I'm fine, dad.", she replied. The voice was weary alright but this time determination was the upper tone.  "What was it?" he pressed further.  "Peekaboo of the end", she said, still slightly trembling but regaining her control by the minute.  He seemed thoughtful. He seemed to suppress his paternal instinct which forced him to hold her in his arms that instant. However, he seemed as if he was also aware of the fact that they had such moments way too much in these years. That another one meant little if not nothing. The embrace of the father and the daughter had been loosing its effect; Crushed by his failure to give her daughter her life back. Like her uncle, she had broken her wings years ago and depended on her father. Who else could she depend on? She was young, still innocent and full of hope towards a sparkling future. Her father told her that he would be there for her. Her father... The man she was inherently coded to believe in the most. Her father who told her that it was their ignorance towards her illness.. her intersexuality.. and now it was his responsibility to be in charge.  "Your progesterone levels as well as your estradiol levels are way too high for a male" the famous endocronologist said to a vulnerable youngster sitting with her father across him... 5 years ago..."Since you are not using hormones by any means that leads us to the conclusion that the XX side of your genes have naturally overcome the XY side of your biology." He eyed the youngster who seemed as if the Professor was talking about a miracle. "This explains your basic breast formation, your unaltered voice, your delicate frame and your overall androgyny. However, I will be honest with you two".   The two  held hands firmly across him.  "Unfortunately this brings too much stress to your body... Hence, the bleeding you have been suffering as of late. High prolactin levels are effecting your kidneys negatively, it seems. Your female hormones are high but not high enough. Likewise, your male hormones are low but not low enough. There are patients living with Kleinefelter syndrome perfectly but in your case it seems you have to choose one way or another since your body actually isn't fond of the androgyny." He chuckled the last sentence...  ...but  the two  were not laughing!  He cleared his throat and went back to his monologue, "But of course, I need to further consult with a colleague.... and more tests..... and to be sure.....", it went on.  They left there dazzled... He quickly came to his senses, though. He would support her treatment... he would support the surgery that would fix her... the surgery that would harmonize the body with the biology her system had chosen to lean towards according to the tests...  She broke those wings without a second thought, then. Her father... the stranger of 22 years transformed into a hero overnight...  And she believed with all her heart that her hero would teach her to fly again. (Just like her uncle had believed her mother.)  But, he had failed her!  (Yet, she failed him)  And he had imprisoned her to himself.  (And she imprisoned him to herself.)   Heavens! He didn't want it to be this way!  (Alas, she wanted it to be exactly, this way!)   Nevertheless, did that make any difference on the outcome?   It was only a week after her diagnosis. He arrived one night at their apartment. His mother was preparing the dinner table while she was helping her. He watched her merriness. Merriness like he had not witnessed in her before. He walked inside the kitchen not knowing what to say or how to begin. His mother urged him to hurry. She smiled with her angelic eyes to her son... but then the smile froze. She knew something was wrong. It didn't take too long for the merriness to surrender against the heavy air.  "Dad what is it?", she asked. His eyes were distant, though. He pulled a chair... Threw himself weakly on it under the frownlight of his mother and soon-to-be daughter. "This is it..." he said weakly.  "What is it?" his mother asked...  "We've lost it all, ma.", he uttered trying to sound reasonable, "I cannot fight with the avalanche of debts any longer. I'm closing the workshop. We are bankrupt."  For an instant nobody dared to speak... his statement hang in the air untouched... unreplied...not dared to be responded, in fact. Finally his daughter-to-be said, "But dad... how is that possible?"  "Your mom's treatment put a lot of strain on our finances... and we never really managed to leave it behind, afterwards." He sighed. 4 eyes were staring at him blinking rapidly as if this was some joke, "I tried my best to cover the expenses but the income of the workshop does not balance the outcome any longer..." He stopped to take a sip of water from his glass. It didn't do any good to his dry throat, "...add the the crisis of the ready-to-wear sector nationwide and we couldn't face the full blow."  "How much in depth are we?" asked his mother.  He didn't answer that question instantly. He couldn't...He desperately tried to find a way to ease it. Yet, he gave up eventually, "A lot. We need to sell the workshop and all the machines in it. Also... we need to sell the summer house and the car, too."  "Dad..." she gasped, "...but... but that's  all  we have!"  "All we had.", he corrected. Then he readied to fill them in with the worst, "And we have to move out of here. You know we have not been paying the rent for sometime and we cannot afford it any longer. The owner sues us.", he let an envelope fall on the beautifully designed dinner table.  It rested blindfully white among the shade of the vase full of fresh flowers.  "But what are we gonna do now? Where are we gonna go?", his daughter-to-be asked, clad in her grandmother's embrace.  "We can go to my sister's", Grandmother said finally, "They have been inviting us to stay with them, anyway. Just temporarily. Until you take a hold on the matter and the crisis is over... until our debts are paid. Then we will think about a permanent solution with the money we have left."  He nodded slightly...Almost apologetically. They approached him and pulled their chairs close. The three of them sat together, going through the longest and darkest night of their lives. Hand in hand... supporting each other like a real family for the first time in their history.   .........5 years ago........   5 years later, though... Everything they hoped... Everything they believed in seemed to be about to crumble. 5 years after that night, they were faced with so many casualties along the fight. Including the angelic Grandmother... Including friends that used to be there on their side through good... But the times were changed now. And people were so absorbed in their own well-beings that they only pitied those in bad times.  ...and unfortunately they almost always took the easiest path. They abandoned.  Thus, what had seemed temporary was resting as fearfully permanent as possible inside this room, on this fading afternoon.  So he said, "I guess you will have a cigarette now"  She replied faintly, "I guess, I will."  She sat on the edge of the bed and crossed her legs. She was that graceful and aloof creature, again, he thought. A phenomena as he expressed once while watching her transitioning into a woman with elf-like features. As she lit her cigarette and let the smoke out skillfully against the fading light streaming in from the curtains, he turned outside. Slipping his hands in his pockets, he started watching the scenery which had just witnessed her daughter's reclaimed victory. The smoke passed him by and drifted away.  "How do you feel?", he asked.  "I'm fine, dad" she replied. "I'm fine..."  "What was it like?" he demanded, not turning towards her.  "It was like the last time... I mean like last year..." she said, letting out another smoky exhale, "But I know if I let it happen again, it will be the end of me."  "No..." he said, this time turning to her.  "I fight so that it will not happen again. It won't happen again!" she repeated, through narrowed eyes that did not meet his.  "I understand.", he said sternly. She doubted it. He didn't, though. "It is cold in here, beautiful."  "I will wrap my shawl around me." was her response.  "Why don't you come inside? Watch TV? Make a change?"  "That..." she said through the thin smoke rising from her cigarette, held elegantly between those thin pointing and middle fingers, "...is not a change."  "I don't like it a bit. Your staying in this room all by yourself."  "Much better than being subjected to a possible delirium by my uncle. More than once I found myself coming back to this room to escape his manic attack while I was watching TV." She took another breath from her cigarette before she concluded through her exhale, "I don't need tens of similar situations to learn a bitter lesson."  "I just thought..." he replied, "...that you might want to watch this sit-com."  "I'm fine, dad." she said with a touch of anger giving the softness of her voice an edge. "I'm an adept of entertaining myself. I will...", her gaze scanned the dirty, gloomy, dark green curtains, "...sing.... or... read..." It was then a tear escaped and found its way. It was a healthy tear, this time... a tear needed...  ...to wash away the anguish of necessity.... of casting aside her innate ability to come up with at least a dozen things she could do out on a Thursday night under "normal" circumstances.  "Come inside, beautiful. I'm afraid of your loosing the plot." he said with a futile attempt to reach out to his daughter. His daughter...   ...who was sitting a foot away and seemed light-years away from him.  Her "I will not" was soft, fragile, weary and aghastly blase... as if "loosing the plot" made no difference even if she had just "conquered" the plot. He watched her pulling herself on the bed, drawing her shawl  over her long legs, leaning against her pillow and murmuring, "I will meditate now."  With that he, silently left the room with fallen shoulders. With that, she closed her exhausted eyes.  Hysteria the Predator was defeated....  And she was once again fine against the world...   ...with  F eelings  I nside  N ot  E xpressed.