Timeline:  Present    THE STORY    Juclecia's true story starts with Estell, her mother. While known as the second wife to Clive Reopold Re Ecritian, she secretly works as a spy for Vermilion (Vermillions are made up of survivors of a defeated country, namely Krois. Kroisian are usually slaves leading a miserable life and this touches off the tight organization of Vermillion. Also named as the anti-imperialists, during this timespan they are led by Unbeter, yet in the coming days, he is to be replaced by Tristan and Ferenan).  Estell still has a good heart and her involvement with the terrorist group is done in good intentions for her home country. Estell even becomes an adoptive mother-figure to a lost boy named Tristan.   Tristan gets separated from his parents when the Kingdom of Krois is destroyed by the Emperor Clive (Juclecia's father). His mother (Ladrinne Morei Rune Sirat) escapes back to Sirat thinking her husband and child died, and it's unknown what happens to his father. Young Tristan somehow ends up in the garden at Ecritian Palace and meets Estell, who reveals her true, loveable tomboy personality when with him. For a short and peaceful time, Juclecia and Tristan plays with Estell in the old garden. This gets Tristan out of the long depression of loosing his family and home.   One day during a private meeting at the Holy Land (in the destroyed Krois Kingdom) Estell is murdered by the leader of Vermilion, Unbeter. Unbeter of Krois has had growing suspicions of her and believes she has breached his trust. Tristan who is hiding nearby, sees what happened. Horrified, he comes out of hiding and calles Estell's name, and, in doing so, gets noticed by Unbeter. Frantic, Tristan stabs the surprised Unbeter with a short sword. As Unbeter dies, he realizes it was his own son, Tristan. Tristan begins to remember the man's face as he passes away, and ends up irreversibly shocked because he has just murdered his own father.   Unbeter's memory is then transferred into an object he had (known as an Emblem, an Emblem takes many forms, and, in the story, you see it as Calintz' necklace as well as Juclecia's held adorment), which then transferrs into Tristan. Young Tristan's persona becomes foggy, in the confusion he runs away from the scene, and then passes out. Helios Ryuad Rune Sirat (The King of Sirat and Tristan's real grandfather on his mother's side) who witnesses the incident, takes him under his wing, and raises him as his own son. Helios has a liking towards Tristan's amazing sword skills and wants him to succeed him as King of Sirat.   Helios also has Tristan renamed to Calintz.   This Calintz has memories of a happy childhood with a woman called Estell, and he believes a man named Tristan killed his father and Estell. He also does not know who his real mother is. Ladrinne, who would normally succeed the throne also does not like the idea of someone else succeeding (she also doesn't know who Calintz really is).   Soon after news of Estell's death has spread, young Juclecia is exiled from Shudelmir Kingdom (the central and most powerful kingdom of the Empire), and died. Willight Riziem Ernst, a man seeking ways to gain power quickly and who knew about Juclecia, decides to bring her back to life, in a way. He creates a fake Imperial Princess using his own Emblem and the body of a girl, Adora. Using this power, Willight erases Adora's memories and then transferres Juclecia's memories and appearance into Adora. He, then, raises and educates her in the ways of politics and arts, recreating the real Juclecia.   However, the original Adora still exists, just barely. Every now and then Juclecia actually reverts to Adora, and back again. During the game Juclecia makes her return to Shudelmir, as does Calintz. Calintz is ordered by Helios to escort Juclecia safely, and after much confusion (Rose, one of the assassins in Calintz' 7th Squad, impersonating Juclecia under Tristan's orders to have her killed and infiltrate Shudelmir) she arrives. From there the story goes on, Juclecia meeting Empress Leona, Shurenlord (her brother) and the rest of the story's key characters. Every now and then Adora appears and suspicions of her and Juclecia being false arise.   Willight's plan seems to come together, but Gilbert Ropponso Descralda who also is aware of Emblems and their power (since he, too, has been seeking power since Unbeter's death, he really is Jade and used one to become Gilbert) finds out. He finds Willight's Emblem and destroys it, which also destroys (the unreal) Juclecia forever.   This leaves Adora lost and trying to find out who she truly is.   Also, the Emblem sometimes has a mind of its own. When Adora first meets Calintz, she receives Estell's memory from Calintz' Emblem. She also instantly befriends Calintz in the same bittersweet way Estell did with young Tristan. When she first meets him, she even tries to get Calintz to "remember her". Adora isn't only driven by Estell's memories, but she really loves Calintz in a different way. When real Adora starts to come back, and during her search for self identity, she and Calintz fall in love. Calintz also always notices that she resembles Estell, which makes him love her even more.   The Emblem's effect on Calintz slowly makes his real personality and appearance change permanently into the evil persona created inside him, Tristan. This is the same Tristan in Vermilion who has been working against the party throughout the whole game. In the end, the party fights Tristan and Adora destroys The Emblem to save Calintz' real persona.   However, she also knows that by doing this, she disappears forever..     The reason the horizon shines Is that somewhere it's hiding you. The reason I long for the many lights Is that you are there in one of them. So, I set out, with a slice of bread, A knife, a lamp, stuffed in a bag.    Father left me his burning desire. Mother gave me her eyes. The earth turns, hiding you. Shining eyes, twinkling lights. The earth turns, carrying you, Carrying us both who'll surely meet...     Credits:   ~ Magna Carta - the Phantom of Avalance Story provided from   Rinoa's Imperial Princess . ~ The finale theme from  Laputa: The Castle In The Sky  by Hayao Miyazaki, is translated to English by   Theresa Martin .