Timeline:  Present      STARRING:      Aura  as   Princess Juclecia Sebine Re Elcritian     Once a favored daughter of the former Emperor Clive, the nobles soon found out that she would be the next Empress and started to flatter. But one day her mother was murdered by unknown assassin and buried where nobody ever knew. Suddenly the Emperor Claive confined her to southern region of Elder saying that she should receive medical treatment.  Everyone was suspicious about the sudden change of Emperor's attitude, but with the news of pregnancy of Empress Leona, Juclecia couldn't be remembered long.  Juclecia has lived a common life in Elder with dim memory of the past. But she hears about the truth of her mother's murder by Marhakatte Orakhan Willight. And soon she loses her smile and promises her revenge against the Empress and those who supported the Empress.  After her brother, the new Emperor Shulenlord finally gave her the permission to return to the Palace, everyone knew her revenge against the people who looked on her mother's death would take away many people's lives.    Charon  as   Ruchielu Chelsea Descralda     She is the younger sister of Gilbert, who is the commander of Schwartz Strum. Most people think that she would be one of the nobles holding great power, but actually she is a common girl and adopted by Gilbert because she was proficient in magic. When she first went into the 2nd squad, she had to tolerate the sarcasm. But now she is in the high rank no one can sneeze at and her miserable past made her mature and realistic.  She usually shouts and laughs at older people, so some say she is pretentious, but this imposing attitude comes from her past experience. Ruchielu is the name she received after she was adopted to the Deskralda family but she prefers 'Chelsea'.    Rain Man  as   Ferenan     Ferenan is the leader of Vermillion. He is more known as 'Mephistopheles'. As his devilish nickname tells, he attempts brutal terror against the Emperor. His parents were fallen Kroisians. It is no wonder not to remember the details of the nation that has been destroyed before his birth. However he has inherited hate against Emperor from his parents who belonged to Vermillion.  Most Kroisian were slaves and even if some win their freedom, it is hard to get the better treatment. It was common for them to be homeless and wonder around. Ferenan witnessed such situation with his own eyes from the childhood, so swore revenge. Although he always keeps cool like the former boss of Vermillion, many members feel constraint in his presence due to his stubbornness and strictness.  By the way, Ferenan became confused due to Tristan who has appeared all of sudden recently. Because Tristan has tried to break down the existing frame that Ferenan has built up so far. However, Tristan also aims at the goal Vermillion wants to reach in the end. What is more, as he was so similar to ex-boss of Vermillion whom he has admired, Ferenan was awkward to trust him more or not..    C.E. (via E-mail)  as   Calintz Jerevinan     In Sirat, he is usually known as 'the Phantom of Avalanche'. In the battle with the strange monsters at the snow-covered mountains of Sirat, he solely killed numerous monsters. Seeing him charging toward the monsters with a sword would remind others of a great avalanche.  He soon became the commander of the Royal Guards. Though he suffered from lots of antipathy in most of the nobles, no one can ignore his ability.   They knew that the name 'the Phantom of Avalanche' wasn't just for showing. Once he became the adopted son of the King Helios, Ladrinne who wanted to make her son accede to the King became to hate him. Though anyone knew this was the exact reason or there were other reasons, but finally Calintz had got to leave for Shudelmir.  As a favored son of Helios, he was a man of courtesy and composure. But his past wound made him close his mind. But he becomes to change through lots of experience as a leader of the 7th squad.    Darrell  as   Joker     He, who is oddly dressed like his nickname, was famous to everybody as the leader of Scaramouch. Known that he comes from the slums, he was badly antipathetic toward the nobles. People say that he came to Schwarz under a certain secret contract by taking advantage of his weak points..  The one who doesn't see the scenery that he flourishes the huge scythe shall not realize the dreadful horror. Different from a cunning nickname, Joker, the huge scythe reminding of a Demon's weapon simply sweeps away all the things around. Camouflaging himself by joking humorously In ordinary times, he has strong leadership and capability as could be called a hero among Scaramouch.   -----------------------------   Want to join Phantasmemoria's Magna Carta Theme? Simply take the test presented at  Juclecia's Deceit  or go to   Character  section of Magna Carta - The Phantom of Avalanche (ignore the pop ups) to choose from among the many available characters. Submit the results/your choice in the Seance to be depicted as your starring role to the audience.  ~  Magna Carta Dramatis Personae and character background information - Copyright 2001 Softmax.co., Ltd. Journey to the world of   Magna Carta - The Phantom of Avalanche .