Timeline:  Present   (God)Dess:  Bitch!  Aura:  Cunt!  Dess:  Oh how I missed you!   Pre(dator):  So you tell me you're...  Aura:  ...27, completely off-the track and excruciatingly single.  Dess:  Single my...   Dess:  And what does your doctor say about this?  Aura:  He looks at me with concerned eyes that hide the drooling statement, "For the last 3 years I have been dying to cast my hands on your uncharted body parts while you're completely unconscious."  Pre:  You're sick. [chuckles]  Aura:  Realistic, even.   Dess:  What do you think?  Aura:  I don't.  Dess:  Back to the point, please?  Aura:  You guys are in a clover field, walking hand-in-hand towards a sickeningly happy future.  Pre:  You see a clover field in a tea reading?  Aura:  Sure!  Dess:  She even mentioned wastelands, once, if you buy that.  Aura:  At least I don't confuse a clover in the field with a spermazoid in the womb. Now wouldn't that prediction have scared the hell out of you! [grins]   Dess:  And what did the fortune-teller tell you? Hell, I've been asking too many questions for my own good.  Aura:  Yeah, we've come to love you for that. She said she has been extremely sorry for what I have been going through. I found myself soothing her in the end, rather than she coming up with a few lies to soothe me.  Pre:  Oh that sounds familiar.  Aura:  What?  Pre:  Finding you role-reversed.  Aura:  No big deal. The right dosage of hormones does the trick.   Aura:  Wait! Where're we going? I thought Gambit was living only half an hour away.  Pre:  Wrong, love.. He endures the pain of living in the middle of nowhere for the bliss of living in a triplex.  Dess:  Don't worry about him, though. We'll rape you first.  Aura:  Like I would mind.  Pre:  Now that's our kindda girl.   Aura:  I'm nauseaous, I'm cold and I'm hungry.  Gambit:  Then vomit and warm up in my embrace as you prepare yourself a french toast.  Aura:  In your dreams!  Gambit:  Hey hey! Let's not go into my dreams!   Aura:  Since when does this man play the guitar?  Dess:  He's come a long way in your absence, dear.   Aura:  Now what?  Gambit:  What what? Can't I have a word with you in private?  Aura:  The last time you did that I found myself pouting for the next ...say... 2 years.  Gambit:  [smirks] Was it that bad?   Gambit:  ...and you're telling me I shouldn't feel sorry about this?  Aura:  Hell no, Gambit! Feel sorry about this all you want. Pity turns me on!  Gambit:  Does that mean you're staying over tonight?   Aura:  I'm not buying that shit anymore!  Gambit:  Go ahead! You play hide and seek until you get disgusted because you step onto some horse manure and quit in the middle of the game. What you don't get, babe, is that this is all about shit! If you can't endure the filth, don't go for it!  Aura:  What the hell do you think I have been doing for the last 2 years?  Gambit:  Putting up with all the shit about life but not love!  Aura:  Who do you think you are to patronize my life!?  Gambit:  Someone who has known you for 15 goddamn years!  Aura:  If only I knew that you think so highly of those years before.  Gambit:  The years were turd alright because I spend more than half of them without...  Aura:  Don't!!  Gambit:  It was you who always quoted "what is past is prologue".  Aura:  Right but it didn't help Shakespeare any good in his deathbed, did it?   Aura:  Finished?  Gambit:  ......  Aura:  Now we're going downstairs to pretend this conversation went totally suited to two mature adults.  Gambit:  We better wait until  they're  finished.  Aura:  Oh darn!   Aura:  We saw this girl with the most humongous of boobs, today.  Gambit:  ....  Aura:  I mean she was not really proportionate, if you know what I mean. They looked very much like implants in that sense.  Gambit:  ....  Aura:  She probably rests her tits on the table in the evenings and goes, "Gee my globes are tired!"  Gambit:  ....  Aura:  How long does this guy last dammit? [checks the clock]  Gambit:  Mmm...  Aura:  Will you turn that TV off?  Gambit:  You turn down, you turn off, what's next in line?  Aura:  How about a  turn away from ?  Gambit:  Tell me something new.   Granny:  Why you look so beautiful and refreshed tonight, dearie.  Aura:  Thank you, Granny.  Dad:  [raises an eyebrow]  Aura:  Thanks to cosmetics, dad!  Dad:  I didn't say anything.   Dad:  Hey keep singing, beautiful. I missed my daughter's voice, it seems.  Aura:  Did you have to come up with something positive about my singing when I'm suffering from a hangover?  Dad:  Why yes. That way, you can't take it too serious.