Timeline:  Present Perfect  Friends, Romans, Countrymen lend me your eyes,  One thing that makes Phantasmemoria (and made The Eyes of Aura Mars; The prologue of this journal) a distinctive experience, is the fact that although it continiously brings along an emotional burden during the process of re-disclosing all about myself and what I have been going through, there have been so many people out there who have actually understood the idea behind it.  This is why I am still here.  My humble thanks to all those who have reached me personally and let me know that you truly get a hold of my satire and all there is behind it...  ...which is persistance against the catastrophic knots of life that immobilize us. If you raise your head, you shall see that there are dark clouds hovering above Phantasmemoria Plaza. True, that I have been subjected to more misfortune than your avarage misfortunate (and you haven't even read about it all yet, believe me). Still, I have my claws thrusted in the core of life more than the merriest being alive.  I still recall that summer night when I stood on the roof under a full moon, my cheeks stained with the traces of tears while I hissed towards the skies, "Bring it on, whatever you are!", I said, "Show me what you got! I am more arrogant and more stubborn than you can ever imagine! Do you think I cannot stand on my feet across the flood caused by yourself when you had shattered my safe and seemingly sound dam years ago? Do you really err to think I will let go after all these years of putting up with gender dysphoria, then killing 22 years right in front of everyone and starting off from scratch? Do you seriously think poverty, heartbreak, life break, self break and all that you keep shoving in my face will end up in failure on my part? Are you that misled to keep challanging my strength with the misperception that there will come a time I will take a step back and let go? Do you really believe I will fall apart before I experience a deep sigh of relief?"  There was silence as an answer.  "If you really believe that this story will cease without a happy ending then dream on!" I retorted, "Each time I will cry I will smile afterwards, each time you make me fall, I will get up, each time you cause a deeper wound, I will first aid myself more skillfully, each time you weaken me, I will come out stronger. Even if worse than worse comes alive, even if I find myself on streets, homeless, helpless, I will survive somehow!"  The silence grew.  "I will not throw in before I experience the real me inside out! I will not give in before I look through the eyes of someone content, someone in love, someone mature and above all, someone healthy! I will not let go before I sip that cup of tea sitting across my dad... that sip him and I have been imagining all through the way.. that sip in that tea garden we visit during the summer nights so as to escape the asylum we live in even for a few hours... that sip followed by a sigh and a statement which will go, "Why it was a long fight, wasn't it? But we survived it all!"  The silence was deafening!  "And I dare you, whatever you are..." I concluded, "...because it will be  you  who will give up in the end, not I! Now, come what may!"  This is all there is behind Phantasmemoria ladies and gentlemen.   This is the real face of life!  This is publicizing the pain for all there are to see and in doing so, ridiculing Fate itself. Because Fate still tries yet still cannot defeat! This is taking challenging Fate one step further on my part as I go, "Let's see how well you can torment when you are  outed. "  On the other hand, if Phantasmemoria serves a purpose, if there is even one person out there who can read my lines-in-between and realize that the greatest calamity in life is taking yourself and all that you have for granted, if even one person out there can take a second look at their lives through witnessing  my life  and start cherishing even the most "unworthy" things they have are, in fact, their most precious belongings, then it has been and will be worth the pain of transparency on my part.  Believe me, there is simply no guarantee as to what you are and what you have today will be with you tomorrow. Thus, embrace yourself and  all  you have with  love  in the eternal now...  ...while you still have the chance!  Although, I do my best to reply every one of you, personally, there are times I fail to do so. Nevertheless, you all have my gratitude, you all have my best wishes and positive thoughts for being here with me. You are making this what it is and, alas, I  do  love to hear from you!  As I said once in a poem, we can never own loneliness since loneliness is a free spirit.   And thanks to all those who are astute enough to  understand , I am never alone...  ...and no matter which corner of the globe we may be in, we are never strangers.  All my best, A.