Timeline:  Present  ~...thought that I would like a   song  of the unearthly fake Britney Spears and have it circle my hours on a mental level as it kept replaying in a peripheral corner of my psyche? It is highly likely that   this  is one of the elements that contributes to the visual sympathy but it still cannot solely explicate the melodic disposition.  ~... imagined that my dad would ask me "Are you irritated by my presence?" and I would backstab him with an affirmative icepick that formed itself via a bitter "I am"?  ~... thought that after 2.5 years, I would run into the daughter of the owner of the aforementioned beauty center I worked at and would spend the entire day with her as if we had never fell apart? 6 years younger than me, she always clinged on me like a younger sister would to her elder back then and when she told me the events that unfolded during my absence, I felt something tearing my chest open and grasping my heart as if to give it an open-heart massage. Mutually possessing the miseries of the "only child"ren who are forced to carry burdens too heavy for their shoulders, we quenched our thirst for being understood with each other until the farewells were exchanged, both of us aware that that until next time  was unbeknownst to both of us.  ~... imagined that Neale Donald Walsch is scheduled to visit Ponderland on June the 2nd and when I disclosed this news to Solara, who had introduced me to his spirituality, with zeal, she would reply me with two insouciant statements that successfully (if not righteously) aroused the touchy bitch within me?  ~... thought that my Granny would drastically climax the tragedy level of the early morning through hysterically screaming at the top of her lungs that she was paralyzed? That she was doomed... that she would commit suicide rather living like a plant... Having been exposed to her continuous claiming that the paralysis knocked her off her feet during the first of her hundred daily visits to the bathroom, I am left with a broken palm skin as I digged my nails in them to maintain my self-control and hinder myself from yelling, "How did you manage to take your paralyzed self to the bathroom at first place, woman?!? Why are you doing this to us?! Why are you doing this to  me !!??" The ridiculous play shattered the tranquility of pre-dawn and went on all throughout morning.  ~... imagined that I would find myself lost in 19th century London once again, wearing "a simple bonnet in pale grey and a loose woolen dress in the same color, a lace fichu lying over" my "shoulders and tied in a knot over" my "bosom" while filling the shoes of Maria Clementi, a mute opera singer, this time? The fog-clad streets and the loom wafting in the Winter air outside complementing my miserable efforts to be able to speak again as the   Frankenstein's Bride , I listened to the wind outside and thought that it was an ironically fitting story for stardom that will only be gained within and witnessed by the bereavement of my Cocoon.  ~... thought that I would realize that everyone was nothing without those little "push"es from life, one day? Although one is responsible for setting all the necessary efforts (as if they are finding the missing pieces of a puzzle and placing them correctly) that will lead them towards a goal, a goal almost always seems to be achieved thanks to a little push kicked by luck/fate/God/the powers that be or whatever one wishes to name.  ~... imagined that as soon as I stepped out, the long-awaited April rain would  finally  welcome me?... and that for the very first time, not giving a damn to how it would seem, I stood under it, my face raised towards the darkened sky and let the raindrops wash away the imbroglio between the Fates and I as I undid my drenched hair so that it fell tangled all over my face. Having made certain that no charted territory of my skin was left unrained, I went back inside trembling as I changed. I knew that no towel could dry the wetness or warm the afterchill.      ~... thought that one  could  tell the tears from the rain?