Timeline:  Present Perfect   You cannot expect me to fall for your vegetarian life When I'm led by a carnivorous fate!  ...that and I know it better than limiting my protein intake  to your semen.  What about a verbal streptease? Being conceptually nude! Words naked press harder than bare bodies.  How about  genuine  instead of  echt , for a start? A flood, a flux of spelling mistakes? How about not seeing everything for once, Having vacuity in the neighborhood..?!  Being enmeshed in perplexity cuts both ways...  ...Calendar turns to the Day of the Night! An early Tarot reading left before  sum rise- For the Gryphon* holds a 9 of Swords* in his claws. Death* trots before the gates of Sodom As two orgasms are ordered for Pompei,   tolight  .  You have one chance to pick the 2 of Cups*, I am already prisoned au naturel in that of 5*.   Join the ride or stay behind And replay "the neverending story" with me. Bury your un-less in the dew of some flesh Flesh is aplenty; it is the all-else drought,   tolight.    aim a bow for the gryphon; or catch him if you can; Save us from the Minor Arcana* Towards the Lovers* of the World*.   n e v e r   t h e   l e s s ... ...with all the masquerade around your words; Layer after layer of sharpened silk they wear, You cannot expect me to fall for your vegetarian life When I'm led by a carnivorous fate!  ...that and you know better than limiting my protein intake to your semen!      Glossary  :  * Gryphon:  One of the mythical creatures illustrated on the Wheel of Fortune belonging to Major Arcana (see: Minor Arcana below). The Wheel of Fortune is the card of the consequences of Fate. The upswing of the Wheel takes us towards a knowledge or life through which we can grow and mature whereas the downswing points to helplessness against the twists of Fate. The Gryphon in the poem is the mystified chance given to the hero to make his decision and act accordingly. He may either "catch" the Gryphon and soar higher to rescue the damsel in distress in an upswing or kill him with his bow and remain ignorant towards their downswing.  * Death:  In the classic Rider-Waite Tarot, Death is depicted riding a white horse with the gates of Jerusalem in the background.  * 9 of Swords:  A vision of impending doom which may not be the reality. The card of sleepless nights.  * 2 of Cups:  The card of loving encounter. Friendship, partnership, reconciliation of opposites.  * that of 5 (of Cups):  The card of sorrow, melancholy and distress; Used in the poem with a reference to the saying "the damsel in distress".  * Minor Arcana:  Minor Arcana is the mother of contemporary playing cards. Swords, Cups, Clubs and Pentacles of Tarot gave way to Spades, Hearts, Clubs and Diamonds, respectively. All the cards implemented in the poem up to this point are from the  Minor  Arcana and the rescue is implied to be towards the  Major  Arcana (The Lovers and the World are two Major Arcana cards) which is a term to describe the 21 prophetically pictorial cards of the Tarot as they symbolize the  journey of the hero  starting off with the Fool and ending up with the World.  * The Lovers:  The card of a relationship or love affair with a trial or choice involved. It indicates a great experience in love, yet also presents us with the perception that this step is connected with a necessary decision: the renunciation of the previous framework of life (the parental home, the bachelor existence, the many flirtations) and the clear avowal of one love. Only this step will lead to the overwhelming experience shown by the Lovers. This card therefore used to be called "The Decision." It can also indicate necessary decisions that have little or nothing to do with love. In such cases, it means that we must decide with our whole heart, without rancor, and without keeping an escape route open. Which of the two themes this card emphasizes can only be determined according to the background of the question asked. In any case, it means the great unconditional "yes."  * The World:  The card of the realization of a prize or goal; success; triumph; achievement. The World shows the unity or paradise that has been regained, the experience of greatest harmony, and the joyful conclusion of a development. Putting the beauty of this card into words means risking the danger of describing a mawkishly happy ending.  (My hearty thanks to   mysticgames.com  for their detailed analysis of the Tarot deck which complemented my years of practicing the art swiftly and enabled the composition of this piece as the first of a set of heavily riddled Tarot poems)