Timeline:  Past  From   "Conversations with Self" Part III     ...   "What would be the sexiest thing a man could do for you?"  "Ah... well... that's a hard one."  "Get those creative juices flowing."  "Something too utopian."  "Try me."  "His being full of mystifications about our relationship and his feelings, I bet."  "Hmm.. I'm not with you. Explain."  "As in... little concepts that mean so much?"  "Can you picture a scene, for example?"  "I slowly unbutton his shirt halfway, trace a hand on his chest. As we kiss, I pull the shirt over his shoulders. I open my eyes only to find my name or something only meaningful to us tattooed on his shoulder."  "Oh... but wouldn't a man find that a little too permanent? Too risky?"  "I can only find a man who is romantically creative irresistible, indeed. A man who would not be afraid of permanency. And with permanency we're not necessarily talking about the marriage vows. As for the marriage & tattoos part, though, there was this ring I designed when we were back at High School. It was a simple ring with a rectangular opening on the front with tiny diamonds etched around. The thing was that the opening would reveal the tattooed name on the wedding finger, the ring and design complementing each other. We had a thousand variations of that one."  "Really?"  "We kept drawing initials, names, come what may on our wedding fingers as a tribute to that idea for a while. Then Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee ruined it all."  "I bet. What else?"  "I was once nicknamed  Swan  by an ex, for instance. One day, he came to meet me with a shirt written swan in Chinese on the front, right where his heart was. He had it printed on his shirt. He'd wear that one day in day out. You see... plain yet very meaningful. I am a woman who likes to wear a wrist strap belonging to her lover and finds it sexier than her cleavage." [laughs]  "So you're into details a lot?"  "Very much so."  "Any physical stereotypes for this mystical romantic?"  "Hmm... I guess I'm drawn to the cliche: tall, dark and handsome."  "So no blondes for this girl."  "I can't say that, no. It's just that when I'm in a social environment I initially count the dark heads, instinctively." [shrugs]  "Have you ever had a crush on a celebrity as a teenager?"  "Mmm.. not really. Although as a kid I was totally into Christopher Reeve. Oh but there's a point you might find interesting."  "Go for it."  "I used to have a tendency to spot names in movies, that noone has heard about, whose looks I found more striking than your average, people-magazine's-most-beautiful celebrity."  "Can you name a few?"  "Oh let me see.... there is this movie which hurts horribly. A parody in its entirety. It's called "Hold Me Thrill Me Kiss Me Kill Me" starring a guy named Max Parrish alongside Sean Young and one of the Arquette females. I could only tolerate the torture until the end, thanks to him. Honestly, there was quite a bit of fantasy centered around him afterwards. Hmm... He's the only name I can get, really. It's been a while, you know. Like, 10 years."  "Good memory."  "Forced satire."  "Anyway, is there..."   ...