Timeline:  Present Participle  I have reached the fourth Episode of my life which will be titled   Heaven Out Of Hell   wherein the events surrounding diagnosis with radically-harmony-shattering Kleinefelter Syndrome will be depicted but...  ...the "but" holds a myriad of elaborate locks, indeed. The keys I set aside have been cauterizing like mithril to an elf. My fingers feel rooted, my mind opposes revisiting those traumatic moments that still emit an antiseptic odor and a color almost always coming from a fluorescent bulb vividly whenever I'm struck by a variant of them in a dream or remembrance session. After 5 years, it is still not easier to sit down and talk/write about something that has changed my entire life and belief systems drastically.  I can get as dry as I might when describing my gloomy present or the glam past under the spotlights, on the stage, in one club or social scene after another which, overall, was a timeline that passed in an epicurean flash. Nevertheless, when 1999 and 2000 are considered, as I form a link back to those days  when it all began , there is plainly no way of taking a side road and spectate it all through the greenest of binoculars.  There is this saying of a gay poet pseudonymed Alexander the Small down here in Ponderland that I admire. It can be translated something like:  "Don't you attempt to sue me, reader,   When what you read strikes you with an irritating blow; For I've put up with that blow all my life."  If I were to make an entree to the following episode, it would probably be a little self-criticism covering those years when I was a part of Ichoir.  It is dazzling when one has their personal share from  fame  no matter how little or great it is. Being up there trapped in the stare of your alibis who witness and give credit to your talent or simply your presence, applaud you with esteem and scream out your name is so uniquely interpersonal an experience that for those who are not bewitched by the stage spell, it might very well sound inane.  My self-awareness degree has always been very high and I know that for me, singing and being a part of the stage or in front of the camera were never due to one form of narcissm or another. It was something rooted much deeper, a la the craving to be appreciated, to be welcomed, to be confirmed and to be accepted via a genuine part of myself.  In this case, it was nothing but my voice. My range that could travel down to the seductive, luscious depths of the alto (note that alto is not only the lowest range of females but also refers to the voices of pre-adolescent boys) to the striking, purely effective heights of the soprano.  Indeed, my unaltered voice was the only attribute I had for 22 years that resounded my reality.  Thus, unconsciously, I was truly content and in tune with the person I was, only when I was singing.  And I could only felt being loved when I was on stage, experiencing the euphoria of the applause or the encore. Even though those moments were too temporal, although it was nothing but fooling myself since nobody was "loving" anyone and it was just the context that suited the moment, I needed them desperately.  When you have to grow up too soon, when you attempt to hide your instincts from all the world with the viscid, implemented fear of being rejected, when all that you connect, be them your family, your friends or simply acquaintances like the guy in that newspaper stand around the corner, only know and/or love someone you are, in fact, not, when you are never a child nor an adolescent but a gender dysphoric adult for as long as you remember, then you can never get enough of love. No single or multiple phase of love is decent enough.  You indubitably crave for more.  I am grateful for those two and a half years during which I experienced many forms of idolatry and the first two years right afterwards as I experienced the feminine, nurturing heights of love via being loved/admired by men.  The  love profusion , made up of a cyclorama in slow-motion, contributed so much to the person I am today as it enabled me to surpass that helpless need I had had previously.  This takes me back to the "but" at the very beginning. I am inclined to give it a go yet something blocks me these days so I keep postponing it. Maybe it is because of the  Mercury Retrogade  we have been going through? Astronomically (and Astrologically, in return), up until April 30th, Mercury will be going backwards from our point of view on Earth. Nowadays, I don't check my Inbox but Bulk instead. That is how I was informed about this period thanks to that erratic moment when I created an account at   Tarot.com .  They advise that during this period you should  "just chill out. Slow down. Lower your demands on reality. Use this time instead to revisit and reflect on things you thought were completed. And take yourself lightly. Mercury is a bit of a trickster, but if you play along with his antics rather than resisting, you'll get a fresh view of things and perhaps notice opportunities you might have missed before."   Hence, I blame my constant postponing of the next episode not on my lack of spartanism but the hottest planet (Think twice before you assume I'm being the smartass of Astronomy, here. Have you ever been loved by a Gemini? No? It figures) in our solar system, instead.  Cheers to that!