EPISODE II : In The Limelight    :: SUMMER NIGHTS ::     Timeline:  Past  Since my mother passed away on December 23rd, 1993, New Year Eves still give me a sense of nostalgia somewhat. Not a miserable state of the mind since pain subsides in time. That and human beings do get used to anything and everything. What remains is a minute or so of sad smile accompanied by a distant stare as the sorrowful anniversaries arrive. Then you return to the present with the speed of light and proceed.   The New Year Celebrations of 1994 was the most silent in my entire life. My father and I remained at home, watched TV, nibbled on fast food and just wanted the clock turn towards the new year as soon as possible. Our lives were waiting for us and time, when left alone, passes you by so quickly that when you realize what is going on, a considerable amount of it is left behind.   The educational system of Ponderland is somewhat eerie. If you don't have a University degree you are quite next to nothing (if you don't have many a personal bonuses, that is and High Schools are not adequate enough to educate their students so as to individually credit them for life after primary education without a higher degree) and for that reason the Ministry of Education prepares a nationwide exam for all those who wish to literally "compete against each other" so as not to... well... starve for the rest of their lives.   However, I needed to finish High School for that first. Going back to school after the Holiday, I completely focused on my studies and got back on track thus graduating with a degree. However, my goals for University were real high (I wanted to study Literature at... what can be defined as the Harvard of Ponderland). Casualty, when it comes to my personal goals, has never been what I went for so I entered the exam, knowing I barely had the chance to end up in the Uni I wanted. At least that year...   ... the exam is usually held in June and right after it, I ended up in our summer house. I truly needed some rest and had to be away from anything and everything after a marathon session of drastic events.   That summer is specifically important since it hosted the first relationship in my life. Our summer house was part of a huge block of summer houses in the outskirts of Ponderland, right by the sea. I had many seasonal friends there which, in time, turned into permanent close friendships. Goddess, as I will call her, was just one of them. On a warm summer night, adorned with a soft summer breeze on the beach, she asked me why I didn't have anyone special in my life. Up until then, love was just an emotion that awakened curiosity in me yet never practiced. I just remained silent and believe me there are not many situations I fall speechless. Although the subject just diminished as we laughed away the night, something inside me was switched on.   There is yet another thing about my personality that if I could alter, I would. However, I also accept and love myself the way I am so I love my "downs" as much as my "ups". I have no intention to be picture perfect anyway. As for this trait, it is going for what seems impossible and making it as possible as it could get. When it comes to love, it is no different. So unconsciously I searched for a target to fall in love with and make him fall in love with me. I never was and still am not into what can be called as "the scene". All my friends were straights. So this "search" was not easy... and to tell you the truth, that was why I loved it.   I don't know why I decided on Gambit. He was just a casual guy (not the Prince Charming at all) and above all, he was very straight. I knew him since I was 13 and all through those summers and recently winters, we literally grew up together. I had never felt anything special about him.   There is also something extraordinary I had to add to this story. And that is something I always possessed. First of all, let me tell you that all through these years of careful observations of the human kind and relationships, I came up with the conclusion that people initially identify each other unconsciously. When you encounter a man, let's say, you first receive the gender specific undergoing, invisible current about him. Scientifically, it is described as an outcome of hormonal secretion which turns into a emission of a transsensual scent and is received by the next party. Hence, he/she regardless of your appearance, first picks you up as a male or female, in that sense. I call it an invisible transmission between sexes. That is how Transgendered or gays can be "read" by the society, especially by females whose sixth sense are more developed than men.   I realized by then that my undergoing transmission was that of a female which had some really interesting effects on guys... especially straight guys. Since what they received from me was not the transmission of a gay, they always unconsciously approached me as a female without the fear of ending up feeling gay. I was always the one who was protected, respected and next to whom they acted more polite than usual (I wonder if this fact ever dawned upon them though I'll never know). And I used this specialty on occasion to protect myself from the outer world with a shield of male friends. Sometimes, I even used it when it was not necessary at all. Seriously, it was really so fun (if not slightly sadistic) to "activate" this ability out of nowhere towards a guy and see him end up orbiting around me where everyone else (even himself) considered us friends. Though I never used it to a degree to make him feel utterly confused about himself or approach him sexually. I had very strict limits to keep it as a safe, little game I played, indeed.   Until the "Gambit Project", that is.