Timeline:  Present  I was halfway into translating a 6-lines-long sentence when my mobile began a monophonic Badinerie. The last syllables of a thought-filled "24/7 hot water available in our suits made up of...." mumble merged into a "Hello?" before Angel's merry voice warbled in my ear, "Hey there! Quickly...your coordinates and your mood."  ...elegantly crafted mahogany sofas following a 19th century romantic pattern..."A little southish from hell's Catastrophe Hall, second door on the left. You can't miss. It's written "Pinhead Only" on it."  "Heh. Listen, Sal is here..." yadayada... Who was Sal? What was I to do with her being here? And why was it that these people were describing their hotel rooms as a "perfect escapade towards history" when they had a water bed disguised as a Louis XIV mattress and had a jacuzzi in a Victorian bathtub? "...so can you come?"  ...which was... hmm this was to be translated as opening into a shaded terrace, yes?   "Yes?"  Oh darn!  "I mean... I was thinking out loud and..."  "Great! We'll be at the cafe. I'll ring you when we get there. Hurry up we only have half an hour or so. I'll take them to the airport afterwards. Bye!"  A curse accompanying the mandatory check:   A broken nail (inexcusable). Messy hair (inexcusable) but at least clean and shiny (recoverable). Shabby jeans (tolerable if they were paired with a tank top). But they were not (inexcusable)! Shabby black top with a low V (so-so) and flared sleeves (passable). Stilettos (posture bonus).  Overall: 2 out of 5, ie. Failed!  Angel has this zeal of introducing me to each and every Australian friend who visits her here in Ponderland. Thus, a handful of Australians think I am someone who can speak proper English, who is very handy during interracial weddings and crisis situations. Lucky me! Walking backwards, I dragged my unwillingness to the Cafe and found myself in the grasp of Mrs. Rose, "Welcome sweetheart! Long time no see! Your friends are in the garden." Kisses kisses and more kisses.   Love spread all over me, I went into the bathroom and started combing my hair while my mind was still somewhere between ceiling-to-floor silk curtains and golden taps with matching lavatory bowls. When I turned back to the moment, I was left with an inevitably aching scalp. Making a face, I sprayed an adequate amount of Burberry Classic inside the elbows and behind the ears.  There... I was ready to face all there was blonde in the world.  Tummy in, breasts up, hips out and the catwalk began. Climbing down the stairs elegantly, I spotted three (three?) heads shining under the spring sun and contrasting all shades of brunettes scattered in the garden. "Hey hey..."  Angel got up and we performed the usual oh-how-we-love-each-other routine made up of a tight hug, kisses planted on both cheeks, taking a step back and looking at each other with sparkling eyes before moving on to the introductory stage. Sal is a cutie. According to Angel, she is an outed stupid. If you ask me, she is naive in a funny way. Anyone who looks at a bag full of herbal tea and goes "Oh this looks like a bag full of herbal tea" is naive in a funny way in my book.   The other blonde head, though.  ...now that is another story. This head did not only look as if he was crafted by an artist but also had one of the most perfect profiles I had ever seen in my mundane life. A pointed yet masculine nose, full lips, hazel eyes that were being constantly narrowed by the sun and a chiseled jaw. All of this was placed on a strong neck, broad shoulders, a sun-kissed tan intensified by a white shirt, light hairs slightly visible on the forearms and an overall fitness emitted from approximately 6 feet of height.  Men like these turn me into Sil in Species who is out in search for the flawless male to copulate with while oozing estrogenic fluids.  Not because they are only good-looking, no! But because I was later informed that he followed Sal to England, leaving everything in Australia behind to give a chance for his relationship to flourish. Now this is the determination I was talking about earlier. The courage in a man that I appreciate...  ...and such courage is so rare a find (especially in such a good looking form) that it is worth admiration. Nevertheless, they are never single. So the fluids are halted midway, the line is drawn after the initial, impulsive reaction subsides, a friendly, safe smile is placed on the lips and the background theme that goes,     "...Stranger you look so different Some other thoughts fill up my mind And you just made it happen Got me thinking of you in my life..."  *    fades out.  After an enjoyable 30 minutes, I wished them both good luck, went back to my translation while they headed for the airport. I was to meet Angel in a few hours and we were going to have a "roof session" so I didn't have enough time to finish the translation. Hell with it! I was distracted, anyway.  "The roof" is the terrace of the apartment I live in. During summer, it is my favorite spot due to its extremely beautiful sea view and of course its breezy atmosphere which is a getaway from the sticky, humid heat in abundance within the houses. Angel shares my fondness for this roof so in about an hour, we were sprawled on the floor, accompanied by a gentle wind, two packets of ciggies, chips and one of my favorite drinks, Nestea Peach for which she received a "You rock!".  Then again after an hour and a half, I found my chin on my drawn knees, my arms hugging myself and tears running down my cheeks, "Oh honey. Gimme a hug! Damn! I wish I never told you that."  Hugging her, I sobbed lightly, "No... it's... it's alright."  "Just get it out. You've been holding back those tears for long." She sat next to me in silence; a feminine sign meaning "Ok. I'm here and listening mode is on."  "It's just...that I have... nobody left in my life that I....can talk to.... you know... I don't talk to my dad no more... thanks...." Taking the tissue, I blew my nose, "...because he rises his defenses whenever I try to talk... I mean.... I can't cry with him anymore.... because...." Another nose blow "...it hurts him to see me crying... he interprets my crying as a failure on his part... failure because he cannot do anything about it for the last 5 years... but that's not the point you see."  I sighed, wiped away my wet cheeks that were soon to be wet again, "I need to talk, Angel.... with someone.... someone who is literally by my side.... someone who will be there for me... I have so many people caring about me... but...." For a few minutes I let the tears flow, "...it's not the same. It doesn't feel the same, too. Thinking I have many people caring about me doesn't help.... because... because they are not within my reach anymore."  She nodded with an understanding I knew for real. Angel had the opportunity to witness the circumstances I live in. She is the last person I let in my life and for a long while she couldn't understand how I could seem helpless. There I was, a talented, beautiful young woman with brains who looked way too well-groomed to be swimming in poverty. Then, slowly, as she witnessed my life closely, it started making sense to her. She realized the abyss between my make up and my reality. Finally, one morning, when I let her into the apartment while everyone was sleeping (I cannot invite friends over to where I live. My uncle cannot stand a stranger's presence in his vicinity. He turns aggressive and insulting which led to everyone living in that apartment who had been close to their family, abandon them eventually) she couldn't believe her eyes. "Will you not be friends with anyone after I'm gone?", she inquired.  I shook my head and took a deep breath, "No. I had to deal with enough departures. I will not go through that again. I will wave you goodbye towards your star-lit career in Australia and that will be for the last time."  "But I will be back, Aura. You know we will keep coming back. Your friends will be coming back."  "That's what I'm saying, Angel" I smiled weakly as I sighed a sigh that comes after sobs pass off, "I don't have anyone who won't have to come back because will be there already."  The thing that triggered all this was something Angel told me and, in doing so, caught me off-guard. A question that came from Sal while they were driving towards Cafe in the first place and Angel had been telling them about me...   ...A question so intricately simple and only someone naive in a funny way can ask:  "Is Aura happy?"    *  taken from "Stranger" as performed by Elisa.