Timeline:  Present  "Well you promised me", I said looking at him severely as I leaned on the wall sidways, left hip slightly edging outwards, "So I don't want you to go."  "I was teasing you, beautiful" he said struggling with the knot of his necktie, "..and it's not the right time for that, yet."  "When will it be  the right time , anyway?" I muttered and arms crossed against my chest, pursed my lips, "I should have known better; Enter the most quicksilver dad of all times."  He sighed and turned to my Granny, "Do you think I shouldn't go, aunt?"  She crossed her legs and crossed her eyebrows, a posture she most probably had practiced to intensify the unpredictability of what might come out of her. "Yes." she said to my surprise, "Not without your daughter."  He shook his head and put on his black, velvet jacket, the most formal looking piece of his "wardrobe" as I tilted my head, "You see...", I insisted playfully, "Even Granny admits I should attend the annual ceremony as your daughter. I am still not presented to the Grand Lodge." He remained silent and I knew that it was the playfulness in my voice that kept him away from temper.  I shrugged and gave it up, turning away to slip into my stillettos as Granny was going on with her argument, "If this dinner requires a spouse or daughter's accompany, you have one. Why not taking her?"  I raised my head and traced a hand on a dark brown lock that fell on my cleavage, "It's alright, Granny." I said finally, "I best remain hidden and invisible to the world as always!"; A sarcastic remark my dad is quite used to hearing, indeed.  I didn't hear him come home last night since I was weary of my uncle's attack made up of constant howling, wailing, crying and screaming so I took a bunch of sleeping pills and buried my head under my pillow earlier than usual. In the morning, a little item was standing on the bed table... an item resembling a jewelry box. Rubbing my eyes, I reached for it, not quite comprehending what was inside.  It didn't dawn upon me at first sight... then, very slowly, the leafy outline of the elegant brooch within and the tiny pearl attached on it brought along a meaning.  It was the Masonic brooch given to the daughters and wives of Masons after their presentation ceremony to the Grand Lodge.