Timeline:  Present  Water I soused on my face ran down in a chilling fall from my cheeks towards my chin where they formed a thin stream before they are reduced to droplets and finally a tiny drop. I opened my eyes and saw it through my wet eyelashes as it twitched its antennas helplessly under the shelf above the drainpipe. Tangled amidst a crossroad of web, the little cockroach was almost emaciated, almost a step away from waste. Its shell was thinned, a leg was missing and those that were remaining seemed a translucent white. Incapacitated, it was dangling from a viscid, nearly invisible thread which possessed an ironic similarity to the tie that it was binded to life with. If cut loose, the creature would fall into the unknown incapable of resistance. The unknown was infinite. What might seem like a little water drop by the sink to larger beings was a drowning bubble for it... or it could have fallen into the basin, carried away by the watercourse towards a fatal fall into the sewer through the cesspool... or....  Like having been sucked to death alive by a spider was not enough.  I reached forth, gently liberated it from the trap to which it didn't even react.. Barely another twitch of the antenna, perhaps. Taking it to my Cocoon, I started searching for a safe spot where it might have one last opportunity to recuperate. The side table? No.. It was too hazardous. It shouldn't be left vulnerable to its companions. Companions that were even more depraved than the spiders ambushing in the shadows. I had already seen other cockroaches brutally consuming their disabled kin. Those who could barely escape the spider's grab and weakened, fell prey to their very own species. Thus, I took a Kleenex and laid it on the bookshelf which was a less popular domain in this habitat they had created over more than a decade. Then I went outside, took a sugar cube, came back, placed it on the Kleenex and carefully set the cockroach on top of the cube.  I had no prerequisite knowledge as to the regenerating abilities of these insects. I was thinking that maybe it could feed on the sugar (all things sweet are their favorite, I observed that much. They are even worse than audacious street cats that are used to being fed by thoughtful versions of mankind and expect the same generosity from all. These creatures don't care whether you're in the middle of your meal or not, just pop in out of the blue and start munching on a crumb next to your plate) and somehow gather its strength before it went on with its life...  ...although, since quite a bit of it was missing, it was obvious that it wouldn't be very popular in the mating season (which is like...bi-daily for cockroaches. They are quite a merry if not hedonistic species).  So much for the cockroach, I left my Cocoon for the dinner table. During the dinner, I tried to disregard the sight of the tomato sauce on my uncle's beard although spending five years in a dwelling that would be more than suitable for a setting of any Cronenberg movie, one gets immune to such sights alongside repugnant sounds. After all, these people tend to fart in your face as they pass you by and act like that's the most nonchalant thing in the universe. It wouldn't be an understatement if I claimed they are on the same socialization scale with an orangutan.  When my dad and uncle left the table, I turned to my Granny and uttered, "Well... summer is around the corner."  She nodded, "We still have April rains ahead. They are precious."   Oh this was new.  "What is so precious about April rains, Granny?" I asked out of curtsey rather than curiosity.  "Old Greek houses used to have rainboxes to store April rains, child." She said in a weary tone which implied everyone but me was aware of that. She, then, leaned over and whispered sternly as if she was passing over a precious family recipe with which I was to pamper my husband before passing it on to the next generation, "Never the March rains, though. They aren't worth a dime... but the April rains... oh the April rains are precious..."  She so looked like a pre-transitioned Gollum. I cleared my throat and smiled nervously. I find listening to such traditions quite enjoyable unless they are conveyed in a manner that makes me feel I'm a part of the Twilight Zone, "Why did they find it so valuable?" I asked deliberately avoiding the word  precious . "Is it naturally undiluted? Ideal for drinking...or mmm...daily facial cleaning?..."  She got up floundering and picked up her plate, "The laundry, child" she croaked, "It's ideal for laundering". Then without another word, turned around and staggered towards the kitchen.  Failed to  save  the cockroach which is now wrapped up in a Kleenex and rests in peace in the trash can, I was left with a beautiful image  saved  in my mind, at least. Barefoot women chatting as they transferred the April rain they stored in their rainboxes into a large tub before they dump a pile of clothes into it and exchange the current gossips whispered in Constantinople.  A superior save, for certain.