:: ICHOIR ::  Timeline:  Past (Winter of 1997 - Spring of 1999)  O' the bliss of authority! Take 15 people who believe that vocally they are as talented as a spider during webmaking (grandiose grandiose) and place them in a semi circle in front of a piano placed on a platform where the victim is being auditioned. Also try to imagine them, having been told that it'll perhaps include some sense of seriousness into the mockery, holding papers and pens the latter of which are judgementally tapped against a cheek or lips as they stare at you, heads relatively tilted.  Certainly, you don't take it all as a travesty when your head is counted among those that are tilted. You are, after all, the jury; One of those dickheads who is to be the Azrael or Rafael of someone's hopes. Well... the problem was no matter how much an ego-boost the entire thing was to me and my friends, our scythes were rotten and halos looked cheesy. So once we listened to all those who were willing, we remained seated, pens still tapping, heads still tilted, eyes still blank... the air was still with the anticipation of a beginning. Finally, Avarel said something like, "Let's start with our personal favorites" and bingo! As if having been cursed by the "yakety-yak" spell, we had an unstoppable discussion that lasted for  an hour   two hours   three hours  the rest of the evening. This was the sign of what was to come for the next two and a half years of my life. Neverending brainstorming, tiresome discussions which almost always led to a dead-end since you can rarely make everyone happy.  And here we were a vocal group... of 12 people.... willing to be professionals.... getting used to each other, gradually... liking each other... then, finally, loving each other.... then turning into an inseparable little community which ended up living together...  ...yet rarely knowing how to discuss something properly since we were from an academic setting where everyone thought he/she was  the  most creative,  the  most brilliant,  the  most talented,  the  one! However, today, I know that such is the way of life. Who gives a damn about maturing their interaction skills on a personal basis when there are millions out there around the corner whose adrenaline are climaxed when they're faced with the slightest of opposition or something ever gets close to implying, "Look you're wrong!".  We rarely train our psyche in a way to interpret "Look you're wrong" as "The fact that you claim I'm wrong doesn't necessarily makes you right, either". This drastically reduces one's tension momentarily and gives one the opportunity to relax and listen. Still, we snap back and indulge ourselves in a claw-versus-claw affaire d'honneur. Rationality across a chance for some power trip? No way!  So Ichoir was formed. I'm not even going into the painful discourse which lasted for weeks until we reached an agreement on the name. Mythology ran to aid. We took Icarus as the Muse, played with the name a little, came up with a derivative which was destined to be mispronounced by every single person who came across it written somewhere but still, we all loved it.  Ironic enough, although we couldn't have foreseen it back then, the fate of Ichoir would be no different from the mythological figure it was inspired by. FYI, Icarus was the son of Daedalus with whom he was imprisoned in a tower on the island of Crete. To be able to escape the island, they built themselves wings from the only element they could cast their hands on which was wax. Daedalus warned his son about not getting too close to the sun yet he dismissed this warning for whatever reason and, wings melted, fell into the Egyptian sea, successfully drowning himself and in doing so earning a mythical status. History learned a good deal from him.   Dying young recklessly is still the key element in turning into a myth, after all.   Conclusion:  After two and a half years full of pain and laughter, Ichoir made 4th place in Roxy Music Days and ended up having an album. The feedback was surprisingly positive. However, Avarel had been just married to a girl from Trinidad whom he had met on the net and our mother-in-law capriced her way skillfully into her husband's bed which led to him dropping the group right after our first "real" concert. All the effort, all the dreams, all the you-name-its went to trash thanks to arbitrary vaginal contractions. Beheaded, Ichoir slowly drowned and left us with a longing alongside a thousand memorable moments and lifelong friendships (as in Charon and Rain Man).