:: LETTER INTO THE PAST ::  Timeline:  Present Perfect   "...I (am just writing this as I think, so apologise if it's a bit rambley) was just missing you and wondering about how you were, so thought I'd send a mail to ask...  ...you know how sometimes something just hits you, like as if it's a memory coming back, a wave of it almost.. Is a hard thing to workout whether it's the feeling still being there, or a reminder of how things felt at a different time. As much as anything I think I'm just wanting to know that you are OK, and well, and happy, or to know if you aren't even, and to know if I could help in any way if you weren't..."   This (and more) from someone who knew me perhaps no longer than a week sometime in the past. As opposed to the lacking openness and genuinity from the rest whom I gave a part of my thoughts, a part of my life, a part of my heart. How many men only fell for the aforementioned picture perfect image? Even sadder, how many of them were even aware of the fact that what they desired to possess was a reflection they were so determined to idolize?  Whenever I handled the heart, it bled. The heart was kept in a safe and the make-up was revered. How many times the fuck is disguised as lovemaking?    You fuck "some body " but only love "some one "!   The mirror continues to muse me.  It takes to be a (hu)man to even get close to the latter. It needs completion of self evolution even to the slightest degree. It needs usurping scary territory. It requires holding tighter as opposed to relinquinshing across the first instant your partner takes a misstep somewhere in the tango. It needs dynamics, a rhythm that takes up many a long nights and even longer days to synchronize. It demands acquintance; Conversance of a scent, a taste, a gaze, a nonsensual detail... It calls for endurance, flexibility and a lot of hit points. It needs to be a virtuoso of survival through horrid terrains. It also depends on spell points for there comes a time when strength is not adequate and a miracle is essential.  Yet for all that to flourish, it necessitates determination.  And if the world lacks something it is not goddamn love but determination, instead!  And that is why I thank you!   For being generous and tagging me along into those moments when you feel deep inside that a rememberance of me fills your surroundings with a sweet aroma. I thank you for giving me a smile as genuine enough as whatever you have in your sanctuary. I thank you for opening a door without having any expectation from me to step inside but an anticipation instead for making me to smell that fragrance. I thank you for the comfort you present although you are miles and miles away. I thank you for not caring about how it would seem or sound to convey your thoughts, your most sacred sentiments and in doing so exceeding all the artificiality that "man kind" possesses. I thank you for dismissing all the "what if"s and overcoming self-restrictions. Thus, I thank you for making me see that there are still men out there who can depict themselves in a chivalrous, articulate manner without a second thought (Because on second thought comes the fear of making an ass of yourself!).  I thank you for feeling for me from across a horizon in a way that makes me think that within only a week you could see through my looking glass more than any men who have ever stepped in my life.. that you not only  listen ed to me but also  hear ed all I had to say. I thank you for the ephemeral bliss, emerging via your thoughts and best wishes, creating a transient Oasis within the abysmal desert stretching all around me.   The world is a better place for there are people like you...  ...you who is astute enough to be   simply,   sincerely,   plainly ,  you!