:: ALL THERE WAS IN A STROKE ::  Timeline:  Present  What is the dictionary meaning of the word  exhausted ? Take it, multiply by fifty and end up eventually catching a glimpse of the state I am in. Err... don't go as far as wires sticking out from odd cavities and tubes inserted into various labial regions, though. I am not that tired yet. Yet close. Really close, considering I spent the night on an unsteady chair thanks to its broken leg, faced the fact that my uncle might be suffering from a stroke, saw my granny halfway into lamentation as my father tried to take things under control... and that's not a sight for swollen eyes who had just been witnessing a dream sequence starring a really,  really  hot ex. So much breath control, so much painkillers and so much confusion wafted in the sickening, insalubrious air of the living room all throughout last night. Honestly, I really don't know how we would end up like, had my uncle's heart finally let go of its beating.  Would my granny loose the plot? Give it a go herself and not even let the poor guy burn alone, finally away from her in hell? They have this pathetic bond formed at birth which she carried one step further which was enough to cause her son to end up loosing his mind. They have this love-hate, "can't live with or without you" relationship thanks to her being like a vulture circling above on the near-dead body of his all their lives.  I was scared ladies and gentlemen. I was so full of pity for this huge form lying on the sofa, suffering from chest pains and breathing heavily that it scared me. I sat there, staring at and away from him as my granny's voice crescendoed and decrescendoed with panic. I, on the other hand, was unaware of a way to let him know that I felt for him. That in this abysmal world of self-indulgent personalities including very much of his obsessive compulsive mother, I could understand him.  More than once he yearned to die. He has cursed God continiously for letting him live in a hindered state. During his mania, he hates God with all his being, keeps swearing continiously and in a quite ridiculous manner at a creator he had never seen a favor from. All his life was wasted among those walls that he happened to call home but I know that it was his dungeon. Worse, he is aware of it, either. He may be a manic depressive schizophrenic but he is aware of reality that much. Although he twists it to his benefit now and then, he knows that there is happiness out there. He knows there are people working towards their dreams out there, having sex, watching stars twinkle as they sat on a beach. He knows there are people holding hands, falling in and out of love, standing up for each other, backstabbing each other.   All those things that he has never had the chance to experience himself.  He knows that somewhere out there, there are people living on the streets. I know for I heard him mutter, "Heavens help those who are outside." once when it was raining cats and dogs in the middle of the night.  I was surprised ladies and gentlemen. Surprised that he muttered a sentence that was so familiar to me since I, myself, always think of those people when thunders break, winds howl, snowflakes fall. I even think of cats and dogs and birds outside but alas this is not the time for disclosing those corners of myself that might arise sympathy. It has nothing to do with me.  Or has it not, really?  I looked at that pale face and knew that he was not ready for that final stroke of the second. No matter what he says, no matter how much a parody he may seem to me, no matter how much I despised him when her mother started bitching behind me and he didn't oppose and stand up for his nephew, I knew he was not as ready as he had appeared. I knew that he was distressingly helpless against this Fate whose control he had lost so long ago that it was too hard for him to visualize what it was like before.  A Fate whose control was never given to him, anyway.  Her mother who should have been the one to teach him to fly, broke his wings and imprisoned him to herself. The God, he believed in, turned away from him, not listening to his prayers nor saving him from an electroshock therapy when he was only 17. This figure lying on that faded sofa was so fragile behind that hulking body that it brought unshed tears to my eyes.   He knows, ladies and gentlemen. Perhaps he knows so much more than you or I do. During a moment of pain wave, he opened his eyes and looked straight ahead. That  straight ahead  happened to be in my direction and our eyes met. Within that milisecond, he told me things that he could never ever utter before. Within one glance the following was hidden, "Aura, I'm sorry. I'm sorry for not being a true uncle to you. I'm sorry for being broken. I'm sorry for not helping you but I know what you are going through. I'm sorry for not being there for you whenever you need a shoulder to cry on. I'm sorry for all those things I could have done and become but I couldn't. I'm sorry for not being able to be of help for all this crap we are stuck in. I'm sorry to live in an altered reality."  Then his stare weakened and my Granny gave a witchy shriek but that didn't stop us from entwining our fears and, to our surprise, finding a common denominator. He asked the unspoken "What are we gonna do, Aura? What am I gonna do? What do you do when you feel a chilling touch of wretchedness?... of helplessness? How do you cope with it?"  To which I silently mused my questions back, "How do you escape into your own reality? How do you manage to deal with being an outcast? Is being crazy really an answer? If I went out of my mind and did whatever I wanted to do, would I be granted forgiveness yet end up in an asylum, still? My past and all that I had to go through having been ignored, would I be denied sympathy and given the cold walls of a mental hospital echoing with the cackling glees of lunatics as an answer? Is it better in there, uncle? Is it better to let go and not fight?"  He closed his eyes. I lowered my head and Granny sobbed dramatically. My father reached forth and kept on uttering soothing statements. He had been there before. He knew what it was like, this was not a stroke. We should all be calm.  That instant, I knew, too. It had nothing to do with knowing. It was all about not knowing, instead. Clenching my fists, I fixed my gaze on my uncle's chest as he sighed. Death could never be welcomed by him, I saw that much.  Because death was not a redemption for those who never really lived.  A sour moment, perhaps, to re-open one's eyes into another reality and retort, "So now what? I was dead anyway."  Just like the morning was not a start for those who never slept, either. So when the first rays of the sun streaked in, my uncle was feeling better. Still, last night was never to be forgotten. As I got ready to leave the house, he was already up and around, trying to confront his still weeping mother.   And when I smiled at him, made sure that he was alright, he smiled back and asked, "You're going, Aura?"  "Yes, uncle. Anything you want me to get for you on my way back?"  Dismissing that question, he said, "It always saddens me when you go."  I turned around and rushed out.  If I wasn't sure whether or not he knew by then, I now did.   We both did.