:: MUSINGS II ::  Timeline:  Present  * Not only my ears are functioning properly but my right ear that gives me the Darth Vaders came out to be a sonar. Half a decibel more and I could hear dolphins chattering as I swim underwater. Ironic enough, I am given a nasal spray made up of pure ocean water. After one week of usage, I will be re-examined and if the indiscribible problem still exists, I will go through blood tests. If they come out alright then the further step will be a tomography. The problem shifts from having a problem towards the vagueness of the diagnose process... and the fortune it will cost. Being formally IDless hinders me from having an insurance (not that I can pay for an insurance, anyway) so that means I will face the full blow when it comes to the financial burden of these procedures. Well I'm living in a "developing" country with little or no concern towards the health of those who are broke. Tell me life is fair.  * Last night, I was going through the last issue (March 2004) of Elle that I burrowed from Angel. I turned a page to come across an article that caused a smirk. Usually, I am a being that minds her own business and can be considered as incurious. The article, though, is too interesting to remain silent towards.  I'm certain that many have heard about Bloggers' darling,   Belle De Jour  and the trivia surrounding her. The book deal that spurted forth from her blog, the quintessential movie rights and whatsoever. Well possums (as Dame Edna would no doubt top off), it's so old a news, let me tell you that much.  For a start, I have to admit that Belle deserves the attention she gets. She is, after all, a witty writer who works "hard" for the money which makes her life interesting to read for many. I read her diary quite a while myself and have nothing to say when it comes to her too articulate a writing, her testestrone provocative abilities along with a unique approach towards life. She is yet another example of the fact that "sex sells" and anyone who keeps bitching about her newfound career as a professional writer can eat that.  What I have to oppose at this point is the backbite that those who are inspired by her being a little too much such as   Belle De Jew  and   Beau De Jour  might receive. Because according to this article, Belle's path, ie. A-list call girl turns A-list blogger turns A-list author, is not something terribly original, either.  The article informs its readers that an A-list (that must be the key word) New Yorker call girl named Tracy Quan has just published her controversial novel which is built upon 15 juicy years of classy prostitution experience behind the closed doors of deluxe hotels. The interesting part is, she caught the attention of publishers after having started writing a column in the online literary magazine   Salon.com  sometime back in 1999. The book is described as  "a darkly funny novel about life in the higher echelons of the New York sex indsutry and is based on the column of the same name."   ...and that name happens to be: "  Diary of a Manhattan Call Girl ". A pity that it rings a bell(e) that chimes "Diary of a London Call Girl".  Let's not skip the white screen rights issue, either. Thrilled to see "Even Call Girls Get the Blues"? Yearn no longer since the article states:   "The film rights have already been snapped up by everyone's favorite big-screen-call-girl-Pretty Woman herself Julia Roberts- for her production company, Red Orn.  Sex and the City  creator Darren Star is set to direct and Lucy Lui is rumored to be up for playing the lead (the film is due out in the UK next year)."   So the English publishers and producers are in a rush to beat Manhattan with bloody ol' London?  Whatever that may be, the online trend is setting up a call girl-themed journal, "cum" and "go" between multiple orgasms and wait until the thing eventually gets big these days. Good luck to all those who follow the footsteps of Tracy Quan who, it seems, is the original concept holder and, well, righteously beat everyone else to it.   - Quotes taken from Elle, March 2004, UK Edition, "The Secret Life of an A-List Call Girl", pg. 175-178