Timeline:  Present  This will come directly from inside, For I ran out of ornaments for vocabulary.  I am walking on a deserted highway today. And a cushion of air, My feet -- They don't touch my ground. If there is such thing like an ethereal walk,  Here I am -- Walking it.  And there are no apparitions for me to hijack. I am in the middle of everywhere A blade without its handle cutting both ways In my hands. I'm the self-proclaimed Amazon of Decease.   I miss the middle of my nowhere. Do you believe me? If only I knew.  But maybe it is all about not knowing. No no no! It is all about knowing everything yet Choosing not to remember everything.  Do you understand? If only you did.  I stand on the wrong side of the sea, Bearing wrong side of Fate. If only I remembered how to swim. If only you waited for me on the shore.  The highway merges into the ocean, Which streams into the horizon. This sea-bearing symbol aids me in a water walk, Led by the trace of moonlight.  There is a distant hymn in the air A Seraph flies past the sky Mistaken for a comet by the naked eye And amidst this cleaving halluscination... ...Can you complete that sentence for me? If only you could.  I am following your absence tonight. An errand to need you. A kaleidoscope to have but not to hold. Will you refill the space you leave around me? If only you would!  I am by myself as The clock strikes twelve -- Today is  Mayday . Once a self-selected lover told me I wrote misery Better than I did happiness. They all told me my beauty was at its peak when in rage. Now you see why I became their gravedigger! Do you have a poem for me? If only you did.  My lips run dry -- They cannot cry. And right here behind my eyes... ...you are. Hidden against everything worldly. But am I secluded likewise? If only I were.  I may be a genie in the bottle you hold. Or jasmine on a flying carpet. I know a whole new world by heart. But can you be the Aladdin of an Arabian tale? If only you could.  If you let me be your Scheherazade, The one to adorn your thousand and one nights, I will never leave your side until you sleep safe and sound. Will you still slaughter me in the end? If only I could tell.  To kiss this tempest some solace, End the Titans' reign for a new tomorrow, Be my God Through whom I experience I So that I'll be your Goddess Through which you experience you. But am I the Muse on your lips? If only I were.  I have a life vacant for you A love completely healed -- should that be your heart's wish. Crimson possibilities in azure togetherness. But do you have a stare spared or a song solely sung for me Deprived of ambiguity? If only you had.  Despite all the privy clauses I bouse I still walk on these tidal waves That carry your trace, my Lighthouse. Will you illume your eyes on time?  if only you d id n ot l et  me d r o w n. . .