Timeline:  Past (Spring of 1999)    Reminder:  Click   here  to refresh your memory with The Scarlet Letter - Part One.   "So you were directed to us from Endocrinology, I see. It is usually the other way around...." The female professor mumbled as she flipped the papers over, "...Kleinefelter syndrome, genetic intersexuality..." She, then, smiled a smile that was as artificial as gum flavor. Accordingly, it soon faded.  We were sitting at a small, dreary, somber office that only had one window overlooking the cold, gray, concrete walls of the unit it was located across. Cardiology, I read as my stare hovered over people rushing in and out alongside nurses, doctors and medical students alike. Trees were as sparse as they could get and the heavy pedestrian traffic marked the abundance of people after health. I wondered how many were going to reclaim it and realized that even health was directly related to wealth in this "developing" country I was living in. If these people had the latter, they would probably have been showered with treatment opportunities without having to move a finger. However, there they were, hurrying in and out while, being the patients themselves, feeling sick and weary. Noticing the majority of them were old people who were floundering in pain, I felt a knot in my throat and felt the necessity to clear it almost in sychronization with the professor.  It was then I realized I still hadn't responded to her statement."Yes...", I said as I turned to her and mimicked her superficial smile, "... it seems that they focus on my biology but you are the ones who will take care of the gender dysphoria part."  She raised an eyebrow which forced me to rephrase myself, "Err.. help me with it, that is."  She nodded seriously and opened what seemed like a notebook while I fidgeted on my chair. Although it was early spring and sun was reigning outside, here in this pocket-size room, even sunlight seemed dormant. She went over the papers that I had handed her once more before starting her questionnaire, "Your age?"  "22", I responded uneasily.  "Your degree of education?"  "I am studying at Bayside University. Western Languages and Literatures."  She noted something down before going on, "How long have you been feeling like this?"   Feeling ? I blinked, "Feeling like what?"  "Feeling like you are feeling. How long have you been feeling like a female?" She tapped the back of her pen on the paper which, I guessed, was a gesture to intensify her professionalism but ended up seeming as if she was being impatient with me.    There was a time when men were kind When their voices were soft And their words inviting There was a time when love was blind And the world was a song And the song was exciting    I think I frowned slightly and sounded a little austere, "As long as I remember."  She noted down again, "Have you ever been with a man?"  "Excuse me?"  She sighed lightly, "Have you ever had sexual intercourse with a man before?"  "No", I said.  "No?", she asked apparently disbelieving, "Not even snogging? Foreplay?"  "No.", if impatience was an issue, it was getting oh-so-mutual, "If I was in a state of enjoying kissing or anything further with a man sexually while I am in this form, I wouldn't be sitting across you at the moment."  "You could have been experimenting." she stated, leaning on the table with her elbows.  "I did my experimenting quite well without letting my hormones interfere with this, thank you." That was true. Solara and I had been barhopping quite a lot (like I wasn't barhopping enough with Charon, Rain Man, our vocal group Ichoir, friends from University, people I had grown up with like Goddess, Gambit, Predator whatsoever) and naturally gay clubs in Ponderland were also a part of our route (I even celebrated a birthday which was attended by a bunch of close friends at one of the oldest and most famous gay bars of Ponderland) and although I was amazed by the fact that I was in the heart of an environment which hosted countless men each one of whom were more handsome than the other, I never fantasized about having a fling with any of them (Our dilemma was and still is so obvious: Do these guys always have to look drop dead gorgeous? Oh what a curse to be a female at times like these). Shortly, I have never been gay and they were as unavailable to me (romantically and/or sexually of course, not friendshipwise) back then as they are today.    There was a time Then it all went wrong    She seemed unconvinced as she took her time to jot whatever down. "How do you pee?"  "I go to the bathroom, pull my..."  Anger rose in her voice, "Do you stand or sit as you pee?"  "Aaah, I sit" I responded grinning sheepishly and quite satisfied to see her maddening.    I dreamed a dream in times gone by When hope was high And life worth living    "Does your family know about your feelings?"  Feelings, again. What did this have to do with feelings, I wondered. It was simply about  being  not feeling. "Yes, they do."  "How do they react to it?" I wondered whether she was doing this deliberately or not. My father was waiting outside in the corridor. We had arrived here together. What the hell did she think he was feeling about it?  "My family consists of my grandmother and father. My mother died 6 years ago. As for my father, he takes it very well." She kept writing as I concluded, "So does my Grandmother."    I dreamed that love would never die I dreamed that God would be forgiving    "Do you have any serious illnesses?"  "Not that I know of."  "Family history?"  "Heart attack and a by-pass on my dad's side and cancer on my mother."    Then I was young and unafraid And dreams were made and used and wasted There was no ransom to be paid No song unsung No wine untasted    "You have two options, ahead.", she began closing her notebook and setting her pen on top of it, "You can either start with one-on-one therapy or directly attend our group therapy which takes place once every month. I highly recommend the latter. However, the choice is yours. It would help you greatly and speed up your process if you met those who share your feelings and who are on the same road as you are."    But the tigers come at night With their voices soft as thunder As they tear your hope apart And they turn your dream to shame    "I see. Then, I will go for the group therapy." To be completely honest, I was not at ease with this decision at all. I couldn't visualize myself sitting in a group of men in drag, failing miserably at their exaggerated gesticulating in the name of femininity as they talk in a low key. Obviously, I was as effected by the general impression of transsexuals as anyone and had my share of prejudice. It embarrasses me to recall it today because when I met them a month later and saw how  real , how   obvious  their misery and rejection due to the amount of bigotry they kept receiving because of the likes of me (prejudiced, neglecting instead of understanding, deaf instead of listening) were, I did my best to be there for them, to reassure them that they were perfect the way they were, to implement the slightest of self-esteem in them which they had lost thanks to their surroundings.    He slept a summer by my side He filled my days with endless wonder He took my childhood in his stride But he was gone when autumn came    With that she got up and handed me my papers and hospital records back, "I wrote two notes for you that will grant you entrance to the group therapy. Give them to the doctors who will attend the therapy. You will see that the next meeting is on June the 9th. Now I want to talk to your dad." She opened the door and led me outside while she invited my dad in. She might even have patted me on the shoulder to give the impression to my dad that all went swiftly and according to plan but I may be mistaken. The door closed behind them and there I was in a sterile, fluorescent-lit corridor all by myself, again.    And still I dream he'll come to me That we'll live the years together    I walked towards the window and was greeted by more concrete instead of a welcoming sight. My hands and feet were totally cold and while rubbing my hands against each other, I was taken aback by a chilling shriek that echoed in the corridors. Aside from the occasional bypassers (usually nurses) I was all alone in that narrow hallway. My heart was pounding when I heard footsteps and a myriad of screams accompanying the commotion coming closer.     I had a dream my life would be So much different from this hell I'm living So different now from what it seemed    A young man wearing casual hospital clothing turned around the corner, arms waving frantically in the air while he seemed as if he was running for his life. I instinctively nailed myself to the wall and got out of his way while a group of hospital personnel emerged from around the corner shouting at him. He was only inches past me when they caught up with him and threw themselves (literally) on him.   While the man kept shouting, kicking, biting, clawing, he was responded with fists. His chasers soon got a hold on him since the poor guy was beaten to unconsciousness in under a minute. All the while they picked his form up, half-dragged him out of sight and disappeared, I was frozen, probably seemed as if I was hung up on the wall from my nape and couldn't dare to move even a finger for quite some time.    But there are dreams that cannot be And there are storms we cannot weather    When my dad and professor got out of the room, they seemed oblivious to the previous tumult which I thought was heard by the entire hospital. Either the rooms were soundproof or I was hallucinating and nothing had taken place because it was impossible not to be effected by the man's helpless screams.  Parent and doctor shook hands before she threw one last shallow smile at me and returned to her office.  I let myself led by my dad outside and only partially listened to whatever he was saying. We went past the plaque next to the entrance which read, " Ponderland Memorial, Psychiatry Department"  and went on walking towards the car. So this was an asylum, alright. So these people were blase towards such scenes; They were immune to such sounds and sights. But how was  I  going to deal with it even if that was going to be once every month?  It was then I remembered the notes. There they were right on top of the pile I was carrying. The one I was looking at included the following scribble:  "1300 - June 9th, Ponderland Memorial Psychiatry Department, Schizophrenia Group Room."  And the other went,  "Aura Mars, 22, diagnosis: transsexual, to be monitored."  With that, my 22 years, all that I have been going through, all that I have been trying to depict for the last 6 months were summerized in one short, scientific, insentient categorization!    Now life has killed The dream I dreamed.    ~   I Dreamed A Dream  (composed for Fantine) as appears in the musical Les Miserables by Alain Boublil and Claude-Michel Schonberg. Click   here  to experience.