Timeline:  Present Perfect   "To  Nyx  (Night), Fumigation with Torches.  Nyx , parent goddess, source of sweet repose from whom at first both Gods and men arose. Hear, blessed Kypris (Aphrodite), decked with starry light, in sleep's deep silence dwelling ebon night! Dreams (Oneiroi) and soft ease attend thy dusky train, pleased with the lengthened gloom and feastful strain, dissolving anxious care, the friend of mirth, with darkling coursers riding round the earth. Goddess of phantoms and of shadowy play, whose drowsy power divides the natural day; by fate's decree you constant send the light to deepest hell, remote from mortal sight; for dire necessity (Ananke), which nought withstands, invests the world with adamantine bands. Be present, Goddess, to thy suppliant's prayer, desired by all, whom all alike revere, blessed, benevolent, with friendly aid dispel the fears of twilight's dreadful shade."   ~Orphic Hymn 3 to  Nyx     ...my bare feet echo naked footsteps on the cobblestones... The fullness of Mother Luna chills me for the first time... clouds be her veil... before the spiral marble stairs leading down to the shore, lightning bugs waltz in a  fire ball ... I wear nothing but myself... and the satin of my white gown... thin straps holding it at bay... the transparent white of my skin dribble into the achromatic scenery...   I am consisting of dissonant steps against your call...  ...pulling my skirts gently, I follow the trail to enigma... what reason holds your summon to Night?... what reason holds being a moth to your flare?...  to Night is your call against mine... essence neglects the roar of psyche... down and down towards an ebbed beach... you lull me...  my toe touches the cold sand... the chill resembles your exhale... wrapping my arms around me in vain, I subdue this gelidity of not knowing... the sand is still... the sea is taken aback... all there is lag in a hush...  ...a shadowy pile against the grey of sand... a movement in black... the veil lifts abruptly to lighten up my path... hesitantly, I move... sands sizzle beneath my feet... tilting my head slightly, nighty cloud of my hair brush over one bare shoulder...  ...a moan wafts towards me... the heaviness of your breath distinguished... my eyes make a form out of the shadow... a gasp buried beneath my lips...  that torso I know by heart... that scent which holds my days... that being I call my shrine... in all his grandeur...  ...entwined with another!  ...a stranger...  ...piercing eyes open to meet me... not halting even for a heart beat... you look through me... and finally display your reality... the woman tranced beneath your body... held away in you... pleasure of the moment belongs to her...  ...your look deepen... your thrust in this  any body  ... can never match your thrust in my soul... the ebb flows... the breeze returns... the female cries and closes around you... but your eyes remain flowing in me...  ...for another moment, I linger... before I finally break the tie...  I get carried away...  taking a vacuity towards the arms of Orion...  the Swan waits me there...  to accompany me back to the known.  Did you expect tears from me? Did you believe I shall break these wings for thee? Did you ready me for what I already foresee?  ...or mayhaps you mistaken me for the spectres that cause you misanthrope... the children of Chaos who shower you with sensual adoration in vain... you deliberately pulled me into this pandemonium with the hope of illuminating a catastrophe?  Why, even into your delusion, I shall walk wearing nothing but myself, loved one!  you play a game when I'm not playing? you blow a strike when I'm not attacking? you bear a pain when I'm not hurting? you sing a berceuse when I'm not cradling? you harbor a mystery when I'm not riddling?  I once wore the  Crown of the Night , beloved one... I shall carry the birthmark of the chosen females until the ends of time and beyond!  Thus, such mortal scenery or summoned ghosts of jealousy may never fear the you in me! Do you conceive it be yielding to an illusion?  Look at me, loved one! Feel my pulse twice! Your averted reality, Your concealed weaknesses, Your mute fears, Your willful silence, Your bleeding wounds, Your stalking past, Your disguised present, Your alien future.... can never stain the spotless you this woman carries!  Hence, for  Morpheus'  sake,  Attempt to lull me Nevermore...