:: AFTERDEATH ::     Timeline:  Past  The silence after a funeral is the real killer. When the last one who feels for you steps out of the doorway, you are faced with the real silence as memories sneak in from the shadowy corners. There she was letting out a horrified gasp after I told her I didn't go to that Madonna concert with friends but all by myself. There she was laughing at a personal joke we shared. There she was watching Pretty Woman for the 100th time with me. There I was lying on her bony chest, listening to her soft breathing a few months ago. There she was getting ready for a night out with my father and looking breath taking...   ... I laid down on the sofa and stared at the ceiling as waves and waves of memories ebbed and flowed above me. Death forgives reasoning not. You just have to accept and get used to it the way it is. Otherwise, you find your self in a vicious cycle made up of a string of the same question : "Why?". "Why" is a bloodthirsty question, indeed. Especially when followed by "me?". Whatever happens in life, it should never be approached with this question. I may be considered a compassionate "Forgiving Humanitarian" according to my Emode results but I tried so hard to become it. To accept the stream of events in life, to take people as they are sounds like some virtue but it is actually a trait. The more you practice the more you become whatever you practice. This was the first time in my life that I realized the fact that I should wipe away each trace of tear made up of the aforementioned question.   In the years to come, this practice enabled me to successfully deal with my gender dysphoria.   As I closed my eyes so as not to see this constant motion of hovering scenes, I turned sideways and caused something extraordinary to happen. The remote control of the CD player was stuck underneath the pillows of the sofa, its edge almost visible through the edge of the pillow, and as I moved, it turned itself on...   ...only to cause the emptiness of the sitting room fill with the tunes of "Don't Cry" by Guns'N Roses:   "...Don't you cry tonight, I still love you baby,  Don't you cry tonight, There's a heaven above you baby.."   I received this little miracle with bitter gratitude... as if my mother was letting me remember the talk we had in our summer house previous summer. She took my hand in her cold palms and told me that she knew the end was near for her. As I denied my empathy and suppressed my tears clumsily so as not to break down before her she went on:   "Never cry over me for someday, somewhere we will be a big, happy family, dearest."   And I cried for the first and last time, knowing that this was the last page of another chapter in my life while the song kept on echoing in my ears until it finally faded away.