Timeline:  Present  These days, we experience a possible outcome of setting someone free in the form of a chaotic reprise to our symphony. While you follow the road of Love, sunshine, butterflies and rainbows such negative responses resemble coming across a polluted rivulet that stinks. When that happens, it takes a lot of personal motivation to keep breathing and going, "How beautifully stinking this swamp is in its own perfection".  It is difficult yet not impossible.   (Omigod hunk alert!)   It is just a matter of practice.   (Look at those abs!)   If I focus on training my mind accordingly, it will get easier by day.   (Oh what a gorgeous hair style is that!?)   Thus, in time, I will not have to take an effort in consciously choosing to think likewise but instead...   (And those long, powerful legs... herewego herewego, he turns around!)   ..will be doing it instinctively.   (That's the cutest piece of behind I've ever seen in my life!)   The thing is I choose to respect decisions...   (The wedding finger! The wedding finger!)   ...no matter how negative their effect may be on my reality.   (Thankfully no ring!)   After all, if I am to avoid this negative effect, I can always choose to do so.   (This started feeling like I'm a part of some Harlequin Desire)    Just like I have been doing at home and obviously succeeding in it greatly.   (You know that instant attraction and the immense heat the girl receives from the guy)   Actually I have been surprising my family and everyone around me quite a lot these days.   (Oh yes I so feel the heat that I'm having a tan! Gimme the sunscreen!)   My father keeps praying, "I wish you stay like you are always, beautiful!"   (Then again is it love at first sight? Only nipples can tell)   I fathom that's a good thing.   (Harlequin girls don't realize they are in love until they have erect nipples upon seeing the Harlequin guy. Since they always get the guy, nipples' credibility should not be underestimated)   I keep receiving the same positive feedback from all that I touch in my real life.   (But well.. he is so good looking. Perhaps he's gay?)   I think I am getting a hold on to "Beingness vs. Doingness".   (Oh he takes out a mobile. I should have mine at hand, too. Just in case)   I forgot to mention that we have new people joining us everyday!   (He looks at me! I think I'm dying. Fan fan...)   One of them is an old friend of mine whose name (Tigris) kept flashing in my mind as soon as we started this project.   (He turns away muttering, "I love you too, hun" to the receiver)   After a long discussion on Sunday and yesterday, Tigris is now family.   (Hmph! Right!)   Last night him and Solara met personally and obviously loved each other.     (On second thought, he was too good looking)   I never have thought I could experience such heights of Love before I joined HT.   (And good looks and cerebral activity are usually inversely correlated)   I breathe Love.. and it doesn't make me sick as it did in the past any longer. However, to be able to reach this state of Love that is shared by thousands, I needed to have experienced being by myself for some time to heal older forms of heartache.   (Yeah, walk away, sweetie. Blessings to you for the hormonal discharge you brought to my day.)   Not having a relationship for more than 2 years gave me time to be on my own so that I could face my former relationships -be it with family members, friends or lovers- and forgive myself. That is not an easy process and I still have so much gaps to fill. Yet, I do know that the thousand hands that hold mine shall help me a great deal in the matter.   (Back to work)   This looks like a beautifully stinking swamp and is perfect in its own way. There Sol! We have a safe bridge that is constructed via understanding and connects the two sides of the rivulet.   Let the adventure continue...