Timeline:  Present   "To  Nyx  (Night), Fumigation with Torches.  Nyx , parent goddess, source of sweet repose from whom at first both Gods and men arose. Hear, blessed Kypris (Aphrodite), decked with starry light, in sleep's deep silence dwelling ebon night! Dreams (Oneiroi) and soft ease attend thy dusky train, pleased with the lengthened gloom and feastful strain, dissolving anxious care, the friend of mirth, with darkling coursers riding round the earth. Goddess of phantoms and of shadowy play, whose drowsy power divides the natural day; by fate's decree you constant send the light to deepest hell, remote from mortal sight; for dire necessity (Ananke), which nought withstands, invests the world with adamantine bands. Be present, Goddess, to thy suppliant's prayer, desired by all, whom all alike revere, blessed, benevolent, with friendly aid dispel the fears of twilight's dreadful shade."     ~Orphic Hymn 3 to  Nyx     Behind my closed eyelids, I hear your whispering touch... Your unconditional desire camouflaged by a cape of amative narrative... why do you soothe me when your presence, your warmth reigning over me is everything I can ever... surrender for? Why are you with me when many a midnight garden await desperately for your water?...  You reach for my nightmared, trembling form... wrap your arms around me... you burn... my match... What shall it take for  us  to become a match... your broad, dusk-filled hands travel on the valley of my spine... and you pull me over you... your cheek resting against mine...  ...And you enter my stage... resting yourself in the depths... the protagonist of my play... the Star of my Nocturne... I hear your monologue finding me from behind the immensity of winds... It concludes with the question, "Better now?"... Our heartbeats synchronize against each other... we lie still in the kernel of shadows... You pulsate swiftly, surrounded by me...  ...and you cradle me in your embrace... lying atop your chest... my face buried beneath your jawline, you utter, "Sleep".  As consciousness gradually escapes me, I now know that I can only sleep... when clothed in you inside out. The lights dim, the curtains fall...   the end of Act II finds us asleep in the eye of the storm  until with dawn you exit the stage... Leaving me alone...   Yet the morn finds me smelling you...  Have I ever told you that my skin absorbs the scent of yours?.. that no matter how far away you may be, I carry  you  on my pores?... that whoever dares to touch me, they know the you in me?... the you  on  me?  ...hear me... susurrate:   Can you read my mind? Do you know what is is that you do to me? I don't know who you are, Just a friend from another star.  Here I am like a kid out of school. Holding hands with a god, I'm a  fool !...   Will you look at me?  Quivering... Like a little girl  Shivering...   ...You can see right through me...   ...Can you read my mind? Can you picture the things I'm thinking of? Wondering why you are, All the wonderful things you are...   ...You can fly!   You belong in the sky!    You and I Could belong to each other...    ...If you need a friend,   I'm the one to fly to.  If you need to be loved,  Here I am...    ...  Read my mind  ...    ~ Can You Read My Mind?  as appears in Superman The Movie.