Timeline:  Present  I have never been more distressed about living in a country which is made up of an innumerable number of personalities who are completely title oriented. So there they have it! I am the Project Director of Ponderland's Humanity's Team as the elegant printing on my business card states. You cannot come up with something less than that since any title beneath "management, directing or supervision" is kindly ignored. Actually, neither myself nor Sol are focused on our whereabouts in this budding organization. We two act like one and, as far as yesterday went, have realized that we make a purposeful, enthusiastic pair as we complement each other like the pieces of a jigsaw puzzle (based on a friendship of almost 10 years), taking up where the other had left, perfectly. It seems our zeal is quite transmissible for all we met in a single day, ended up impressed by our motivation if not by the things we had stated.  The first meeting was with the Manager and PR of the Art Center organizing Neale's conference. The Manager was quite a pathetic case who kept throwing a question our way before remembering to reply a very urgent e-mail (not to mention, by the end of the meeting, I concluded that she had a merry inbox) and heading out. That and I have serious concerns about trusting a woman who looks at the original hand-outs which concludes by a "make sure that nobody leaves the room before blabla" statement, then turns to us and asks, "How are we to make sure nobody leaves the room?". The PR, though, made an impression with her interest in HT, our mission, purpose, where we stand among countless other spiritual groups and obviously, having had read each and every book of Neale that has been published down here, with her basic knowledge about New Spirituality. Personally, she will be the one I shall add to my little book of contactables.  Of course, it was not easy to talk convincingly about a movement that was launched in this country only... let me see... 5 days ago. We still lack an office (though many of the country leaders of Europe do not function through one), a website and a brochure that both briefly states our vision and looks eye catching. These last two will be dealt with by the end of this month and the office should be up & running sometime late in June or early July. Then again, I certainly believe that we do manage swiftly.  The more we talk about it, the clearer our strategy gets. The more we brainstorm about it, the more proficient we get as to how to "sell the product" at hand.  While we were leaving the center, we even arranged having a stand next to Neale's where we will be distributing our brochures as Neale signs his book(s).  The next appointment was with a spiritual with whom Sol had contacted early yesterday. It seems that this man already established a study group based on Tomorrow's God and has been running it for a while now. Sol had been contacted about his activity by the HT Internatonal Liasion thus we arranged a meeting at his hotel... err... room. Seated comfortably while sipping our Earl Greys, we exchanged ideas, got to know each other and I had the impression (which Sol also agreed later on) that he had advanced knowledge on the matter, was very eligible to start a group, yet, whether he was a fitting candidate to facilitate a study group or not was very questionable.  He is a great resource, a walking library at his late 50s. It was and I am certain that it will be quite an experience to be in touch with him. However, he is quite  dominant  which is an adjective we extremely avoid while following the guidelines of both HT's Study and Emotional support groups. Having knowledge in abundance is of no importance to us (I, myself, have not read even 1/3 of the spiritual material presented to this world). On the contrary, we are inclined to "grow together", "learn together", hence, even if our group members have proficient knowledge in the topic at hand, we will not let any one reign the conversations/discussions.  Of course we have no control over what anyone does out there. Still, I have concerns about having this man (will be regarded as Mr. E from this point on) doing it "under" the title of Humanity's Team, without following its group guidelines. Still, it was a great experience to get to know him personally as I feel we will be seeing each other quite often in the coming days.  Having left his hotel around 8 pm, Sol and I decided to pamper ourselves at our favorite Chinese restaurant. While we were having an orgasm devouring our vegetable soups, rice with mixed vegetables, chicken slices with soy sauce and sipping our Chinese tea as post-climactic chill-out company, we were still going over the events of the day and the plans of tomorrow although we had initially agreed that the dinner would be "mission-free".  I arrived home, deranged, at 9:30 pm but I was mentally so hyperactive that I did not go to sleep until 2 am. Sol and I are meeting on Friday and I will have composed a basic "main page" material for our website alongside material written for the brochure, by then. As a friend warned me via e-mail today, I cannot (/don't have enough time to) sit back and savor the bliss of this process with things proceeding in the speed of light.  I am afraid this shall be so until after Neale's conference.  So much to do, so little time...  ...and so much will be accomplished  thanks to  that "so little time" since when us humans have so much time at hand, we tend to be very postponic.