Timeline:  Present  As you might have realized, Phantasmemoria now has a logo and a cute button down in the Philanthrope section for those who are fond of visual linkage. I owe this to the creative juices of   Karsh  and I cannot thank enough for the marvelous work he has come up with. He is a great blogger who has been with me from the very beginning. My hearty thanks, Karsh. Keep doing wha... oh wait... I already said that, didn't I?  Aside from this twist, as of today, Blogger turned an upgrade switch on us. Moreover, according to them, they also came up with "tons" of new templates to choose from which can be interpreted as we have "tens" of new templates. Better than nothing when compared to those 5 mundane, excruciatingly simple templates they had had previously.  One great thing they implemented is the Permalink update which gives each entry its own archive page. Ever since I started blogging, my permalinks have never (ne-ver!) worked right and just when I gave up on ever having proper links to my previous posts, they decided to work things out for me. Now each Permalink has a cute URL ending with their title. Thus, the searcher is taken to the entry which directly comes up on its own. Kudos to them!  Another great upgrade seems to be the commenting. Blogger now has its own comments system, it seems. Then again, for some reason, it isn't working right for me... which is not a grand surprise on my part. Alas, I would be astonished, if it did. Maybe someday I will have a technically-very-able reader who will give me a helping hand and I will implement Blogger's own Comments which will not get archived after a point and end up out of reach for free users (as in Haloscan). I can always hope.  What else? Hmm yes.. the visuality. Now and then, I happen to present a snapshot of a reflection of myself in real life out there. Since I do not wish to overload my Photo Bucket account, these images will now show up in an "unrevealed" post somewhere in my Archives as they give way to each other. I will not publicize its whereabouts so that only the dedicated readers (or better say, those who really care) will take their time to locate and see the new photo presented. As I do now, I will inform you that a new photograph is available and you will have your photo hunt at the "many" (pun intended) archives to spot the entry it is exhibited. Have fun locating my new photo.   ...After all, this is all about the Phantasm...   Until next time...