Timeline:  Present  Dear mother,  10 years...  ...how they passed us by. In a blink, in a sharp gasp, in a teardrop, we left them behind us and reshaped them as memories (at least, I did). Separated in realities that were handed to us, we slowly got used to being apart. Initially, it felt like an overture played lento. I had so many moments when I felt you lurking in the shadows to reach for me. As if your spectre was still orbiting around me, as if you were finally through with the physical agony of passing away yet still not ready to let me go. Just like you had stated on a cold, late winter, morning when you looked at me with eyes filled with maternal compassion,    "I fear for you".    We were tired beyond description. You were dying while dad was defeating death. Those last three months were emotionally, physically and mentally devastating for both of us. You were postponing your death and I was postponing my sadness, embodying a courage & strength cocktail too heavy for the 17 years on my shoulders. I hugged you tight, knowing you were finally fully aware of my illness, the complexity of my physicality, the fact that you disregarded it all throughout our togetherness. In your embrace, I comprehended that you foresaw my future -- these last five years; The coming darkness that was supposed to be my light. You knew that I was not going to live a life that didn't belong to me... that time was so near until we were physically apart until a later the whenebaouts of which was unknown to us... and that you were too late to protect me from what was coming.  Hence, you feared for which my response was, "Do not".  Then, you cupped my cheeks in your withering, chemotherapied hands, looked in my eyes so deep that I still feel that final warmth you sealed into me even to this day. You did the only thing you could; Passed the final drops of life left in your veins onto me. Your last present to the being you created from your very own.  Years later, dad told me that while you were by his recuperating side in the hospital right after his by-pass, you had said, "I am too late for our child. We should save you because she will need you."  Weeks after my father's leaving the hospital, my footsteps echoed in the hygienical corridors once more. This time for you... My belated hopes accompanying me, I entered your room full of family friends, approached by your side and planted a light kiss on your forehead as I whispered, "Mother..."  ...you murmured, "Who is this?". I closed my eyes briefly. People in the room turned away, trying to hide their tears penetrating the moment. I let you know who I was... then... you smiled. After a short while, I rested my cheek against yours and murmured, "I love you". A murmur that flourished forth from my very soul.  And you said, "I love you too, my amber."  Those were the last things we said to each other. Lost things never to be returned... In that final moment of our togetherness, we did not bid each other farewell. And mother... I still haven't uttered the words, "I love you" to anybody. Many variations, I formed and sounded... yet never those three words together.  I simply couldn't. As if saying those three words together to somebody else would be a betrayal to that moment. As if those words belonged to  our  moment.  Today is the tenth Mother's Day since you're gone. And I am writing this letter to let you know that I am ready now. To let go... to let go of those moments that haunted me occasionally for 10 years. I choose to be left with all the memories that had made us, us; The continuous laughter we had shared... your warm chest, my harbor against the tempest... our Friday escapades... our afternoon talks over the rims of our coffee mugs... the way you childishly traced back your wet locks away from your face when we were swimming... the way my father looked at you with the pride of having a woman such as yourself in his arm whenever you two left the house for a night out... I will never ever forget that look which made me realize the wonder of being a pair... a beautiful pair... and I do hope, mother, that one day, I will also be able to cause the man I love to look at me with such pride as he takes up my arm and leads me out of our house... our pizza days...  Pretty Woman  sessions... our walks on the beach, in the forest... our summer nights in the verandah... our Sunday mornings...  And all that I learned from you; Your zeal towards living... the beauty, the charm you emitted to your surroundings... your determination through bad times... your radiance through good times... your lively mentality... your ability to say "no" to something that didn't fit you... your creativity... your courage to challenge the possibilities... your courage to  produce  possibilities when they are least expected... your positivity... your being a powerful survivor in a man's world without casting your femininity aside...  Although I have happened to look more like my dad in these years, I am delighted to be your reflection in the details instead of the overall appearance. I have  your  shoulders,  your  waistline,  your  expressions in my eyes. That is why whenever I look in the mirror, I can see  you  through my gaze...  ...and that is why although the lento has long turned allegro, you will always be with me.  I could have never been more proud of being your daughter as I am today.  Your amber loves you eternally.  Happy Mother's Day.