Timeline:  Present  As of today your author has turned a Team Leader of Ponderland's forming Humanity's Team. Solara had some stories to share with me, indeed. Especially her latest experiences at  The Hague - International City of Peace  truly captured my attention which, as you already know, was quite dissected yesterday. Then again, her contagious enthusiasm quickly washed my aforementioned indifference and I soon found myself in the heart of founding Ponderland's Humanity's Team alongside Sol (having a good night's sleep yesterday also helped a great deal). What can I say? She just knows how to hit the bullseye of the leader in me.  "What is the Humanity's Team?" one may ask.  It can be described as an international movement currently parented by The Conversations with God Foundation but is planned to be a non-profit and separate organization by 2006. It is the actual response to the wonder,  "I have been following the  Conversations with God  series and they have changed my life. Now what can I do about it?" . It is a roof that will house individuals who live to make a change in the world (and start doing it by changing themselves), who want to flourish and progress continuously throughout their Odyssey, who want to share their experiences and be supported in a closely-connected  group  family that is purely based on understanding and love regardless of religion, race, sexual orientation they belong. It is not a new religion! It is a totally new approach towards religion, rather... and God and above all Life...  ...Life which is the most precious gift we are presented with. Through living lies the message of Spirituality... Through living lies the expression of one's true self.  And "your message is your life,  lived " is Humanity's Team motto. It is "a civil rights movement for the soul". It aims to create a "world in which humanity truly experiences unity and oneness". Its mission is to "renew and restore our connection with the creator, the powers that be, Fate or whatever you name it  and  with each other".  I am very proud to be a part of this great support and also excited by the fact that I have this space of transparency wherein all my efforts to make a change as my life collides with the Humanity's Team shall be recorded (yet another bliss of being a blogger). I am honored to feel this loved and this embraced among a group of peoples who are as willing to take a step further to enrich the experience of "living" through neverending self discovery and acceptance.  We are all so unique and totally capable of making this world a beautiful,  peace ful place. All we need is to take a baby step towards it. You can also share this incredible experience by becoming a part of the Humanity's Team which is open and welcoming to each and every one. Simply click   here  to find out more and what you can do about it.  There are so many things to be done. First and foremost, I need to have a business card. This is the classy part and all about the "Here... take my card" trivia. Then, we will be trying to find a publisher while I start translating  New Revelations: A Conversation with God  into my mother language. It is still not on the market here in Ponderland. On Tuesday, Sol and I will be going to pay a visit to the art center that will be sponsoring and organizing N.D. Walsch's visit to Ponderland. It seems that we will not be "shoulder deep" in arranging this visit at all. Yet, we will be so in the coming days, possibly towards Fall since Sol is planning to host the next country coordinators meeting here in November.  Still, before that we have to prepare the Humanity's Team brochures that will be presented to the guests during N.D. Walsch's conference. That conference will be very important in the name of advertising, for certain. We also need to build a website and turn Sol's house (where I will be spending most of my time from this point on. May I get a hurray for leaving the asylum behind, please?) into our counseling office. Amidst all these will be the lookout for a publisher and my translating Walsch's unpublished books.  I feel so alive and in tune with myself at last! Can you tell?