Timeline:  Present  ~ Wednesday , 6:36 pm   Sol(ara):  Hi, sweets.  Aura:  Oh hi.  Sol:  How are you?  Aura:  Same ol'. You?  Sol:  Well so many things have been happening lately. I called to check if you're available on Friday.  Aura:  I have an appointment in the morning but I'm free in the afternoon. Why?  Sol:  Great! I really really need to see you.  Aura:  Is everything alright, Sol?  Sol:  Oh so many things have...  Aura:  I got that part, love. Good or bad?  Sol:  Definitely good! Alright, we're seeing each other on Friday, then. Well... looks like we'll be seeing a lot of each other from now on.  Aura:  Sorry.. I.. can't quite catch your drift, Sol.  Sol:  I'll tell you all about it on Friday.  Aura:  Sure. See you then.  Sol:  Bye.  ~ Friday , 8:13 am   Sol:  Hi, dear!  Aura:  Oh...huh...ah...mmm...  Sol:  Oh did I wake you up?  Aura:  Uh... no.. *checks the clock and falls back on the pillow*..  Sol:  Calling to let you know I have patients all day. I can only leave the hospital around 6 pm. Will that be a problem for you?  Aura:  Sure... I mean... *yawns slightly*... No, that's fine.  Sol:  Great then. You know this is really really urgent. I just have to see you ASAP.  Aura:  If you are trying to knock me out with curiosity, Sol, you already did.  Sol:  You see, I don't want to call you unless something important happens simply because we keep repeating the same pattern.   Aura:  *thinks she hears her munching something* Do we?  Sol:  Mmm... And... *gulps* We just keep running around in circles in our conversation. But this time we're breaking the cycle, dear! We'll be seeing each other a lot, I'm telling you.  Aura:  Shall we get back to doing that at 6 pm, then?  Sol:  Ok ok! Get back to your sleep. See you then, bye!  Aura:  By(yawn)e...  ~ Friday , Now.  Chances are:  Solara is moving to back to our neighborhood (For newcomers, Solara, one of my closest friends, and I had lived in the same district for 5 years before she decided to move -on-).  Solara is moving back to our neighborhood and wants me to help her with the process (explains why we'll be seeing each other a lot).  Solara is moving back to our neighborhood, wants me to help her with the process and I feel indifferent.  Solara is getting married. (which practically means she found herself in a flaring affair in the last 4 months we haven't seen each other which implies I will bitch about being the last to know about it.)  Solara is getting married and wants me to be her maiden-of-honor (explains why we'll be seeing each other a lot from now on).  Solara is getting married, wants me to be her maiden-of-honor and I feel indifferent.  Solara has a new boyfriend.  Solara has a new boyfriend, has told him about me and the boyfriend wants to meet me (they always do. Like that's not enough, her boyfriends always belong to the I-have-a-best-friend-you'll-love-and-once-you-do-that-I'll-guarantee-4-months-of-headache-free-shag-with-my-girlfriend-while-we-double-date-happily-ever-after prototype).  Solara has a new boyfriend, has told him about me, he wants to meet me and I feel indifferent.  Solara has finally gained a high rank in the   Humanity's Team .  Solara has finally gained a high rank in the Humanity's Team, told them about me and they want me to join them.  Solara has finally gained a high rank in the Humanity's Team, told them about me, they want me to join them and I feel indifferent (I've checked to find out that she is now the Interim Coordinator of this country! -- Omit the rest. This must be it).  As of today, I feel disconnected and cranky (if you still can't tell). I haven't had a proper sleep for the last two days. My eyes are burning with restlessness and visualizing myself in the middle of a group who are shoulder-deep in organizing N.D. Walsch's visit early this summer doesn't click at the moment. I want nothing but to curl in one corner and have a "summer sleep"!  It seems writing will not do, either.  Just a few thank yous and I'm done for today:  Thank you for Vermond. It sure looks serene. I was going to reply to it properly but looks like Yahoo's compose section is having an anti-Aura day. Hopefully, it will be resolved tomorrow.  Thank you for the beautiful short poem. For some reason, it made my eyes fill with tears and added  fragile  to my list of current mood adjectives.  You two know yourselves.  Until later.