Timeline:  Present (Perfect)  These days, I truly wish that I would receive a letter from an unknown relative's attorney one morning saying, since he had had no close relatives, he left all his property worth a few million dollars to me upon his death. Why, is it so impossible? Angel had been just recently telling me that one of her friends experienced just that! Although the amount she received was lacking some of my dreamy zeros, it was still around 100.000 dollars and they were all astounded because she probably had seen this woman who was living in the States once or twice at most.  I will admit that it was sheer envy that caused my heart's pounding upon hearing this news no matter how maturely I responded to it (Truly amazing! I wish her all the best...).  100.000 dollars would give me my life + hopes back. And some more.  It is unfortunate that I have (more than) everything ready to make a start and all that I have been working and praying for is a reasonable amount of money to fund it. If only I didn't do anything to achieve it. Then, I would bury myself in self-pity and suffer gladly. Putting aside pride (actually trashing my pride), I knocked every possible door (including relatives and old family acquaintances I vowed not to see any longer), asking for a little aid on the financial side in vain.  For some reason, "At least, I tried" has been a thought that doesn't make anything easier lately.  Anyway, casting this aside, I've happened to marvel at the thought that there is so much in the world to see and ruminate that we have so little time. If only I was a sensitive water sign like Pisces or Cancer or a practical earth sign like Capricorn or Virgo. Enduring all these could have been much easier.  But I am very much a Fire. The Sagittarius infernoes freely in my veins.  Being the natural vagabond she is, she does not listen to all my rational responses to her cravings and longings. She loathes the fact that I live with a lunatic family. She despises the immobility I am causing her to go through. Although the dominant Aura has left the stage behind for "good", she never will, that much I know.  She is the adventurous Victoria's Secret model who travels to Rome for a shoot by the Trevi Fountain before catching the plane for New York Fashion Days.  She is the lunar actress who flashes a smile at the cameras clad in a barely there Valentino while she walks swiftly on the red carpet towards the Academy Awards.  She is the scandalous diva who, upon her sold-out performance at Wimbley, is spotted leaving The Gardening Club at Covert Garden totally inebriated among a bunch of Chippendales.  She is a free spirit and keeps aiming her bow at me with her greedy need to explore, learn, experience and leave behind. She will never be tamed, never be satisfied until she makes a change, never be fulfilled until she sees everything she is curious to see and meets the hypothetical thousands whom, according to her, she is destined to meet. For her, there is no mountain too high, no planet too far.   The earth is her playground and she is dying to play it her way. She wants to be an old lady who has thousands of stories to share with her neighbors, albums of countless moments captured to share with her friends and no matter how old she will be, she will never be an elder who derives her life energy from simply watching her grandchildren grow up. Because no matter how old she gets, there still will be a corner of the globe not seen or a topic uncovered (thankfully, there will be no concept such as grandchildren anyway so that she won't have to fit in this simile).  She is giving me the bliss and since I cannot ease her, giving me the headache simultaneously!  Casting that aside,   this place  has been my recent obsession. Since my best friend and I have plans (dreams, rather? or high hopes?) to move to New Zealand as we go through our holy 30s, I am being further called by the sirens of this bay in Tasmania. I muse to leave my footprints on those endless shores, sleep under those clear dark skies where the constellations seem only a breath away, listen to the symphony of the wave crashes as they feed my sense of freedom, watch the iridal of horizons as I sit in the Lodge while the sun sets...  Casting that aside, now that my Granny and uncle got the government money they receive every three months, I was hoping that for the next 2 months we were going to be financially a little better off than the usual. However, they decided to buy a brand new TV!   I repeat. A brand new TV! (Nah it still doesn't make sense)  Like we have the luxury to throw money away for a leisure such as this one, they even already paid for it!  I repeat. They even already pai... (Tsk!)  Here I (alright, dad and I! I may have eluded him lately but I can't go as far as being unfair) am, working and hoping my cute behind off to make ends meet and they go buy a darn new TV!!!!!!!!   I tried my best to hide the devastation I felt upon being fed by this news last night. It is to no avail trying to put some sense into these mindless beings and make them quit the idea. They have their own reality and are deaf to everything else but...  ...what the hell are we gonna do for the next 3 months now that our most precious reserve is drained?  Why can't I draw the blanket over my head and simply vanish? Now  that 's one question I  cannot  cast aside!   (What?! Taj Mahal?? Shut the shag up, Sagittarius!!)