Well I promised an awesome blog so here it is  Tuesday night:  Arlynd and I went to Joyces.  The girls were playing pool so we got on the other table and started shooting pool.  Gunner walked in about an hour later and started playing with us.  Hes like 68 hen he plays pool he needs a whole lot of room to sprawl out.  Gloria was in his way. So he politely nudges her with his cue and she doesnt move so he politely nudges her again.  She still doesnt move. Now she was playing her game, but I knew the girl she was playing in all my years of pool I dont think I have ever beat her and I know Gloria wont.  So Gloria has about 3 shouts before she has to worry bout shooting again so I asked her Gloria will you please move so we can shoot? She moved.  After like an hour later, she comes up behind me and starts shaking her finger at me saying, dont you dare ever call my name again while I am shooting.  My response was whatever.  By now I am REALLY drunk.  Arlynd and I went and sat at the bar.  Few minutes go by and I go pee.  All I hear from the bathroom up and over all the music and people was youre a fucking liar  from Arlynd.  I walk out and I say what cant I leave you alone for 2 minutes so I can pee?  He said, shes a liar, thats not what happened..  Then proceeded to tell the whole story.  About an hour later, I go pee again. This time the door opens behind me about 10 seconds later.  Its Gloria.  I figure Im getting my ass kicked now.  So I figure out what my moves gonna be and then the door opens again. Now I think its Bonnie gonna come kick my ass.  But much to my delighted surprise its the bartender Tammy making sure I was ok.  Larry Scott walks in after I had told Arlynd about my conversation with him the other night.  Larrys name is stamped on the back part of his leather belt. Arlynd says, Why does he have his name stamped on the back of his belt is that so his boyfriend knows who he is when he walks up behind him?  I quickly get us out of there.  Was very hard for me to let him out of my site.  Thursday night ran in to Dennis McGary.  That was quite interesting.  Trish turned out to be a hottie, been a few years since Ive seen her    Friday  My car doesnt wanna cooperate as I am trying to sell it.  Find out its out of gas Man I hate when that happens   Saturday  Called Larry over at L and J.  He doesnt know who Dave Steele is driving for so if any of you know, please call me or Larry.  He says hes got a Lincoln short car sitting there and hes giving away 3-4 runs a day.  So if all else fails I can probably hop in there and he was saying that hes buying a brand new stretch.  So thats a matter of time before he talks to Ralph and see what he has to say.    Tried to get a hold of Ronnie about buying my car.  That never happened.  So I started making alternate plans,  Ran out to Rollins auto with Mike and saw what he had out there.  Spent most of the day online car shopping.  Stopped over here at the house, met Bob and Andres was here.  Grabbed a meatloaf sandwich, hibernated in my room punching away at the keyboard.  Ran in to Scott online started talking about his van.  I figured that even if I have to take a depreciation value on my car, in the long run I would be better in a conversion van.  Ive always wanted one.  Opportunity knocks.    Laura got a job in Aurora and Scott still has his job in Rolling Meadows.  Now they need 2 cars.  He has a van but he knows, with all that traveling, he will be eating himself out of house and home in the van.  Laura really doesnt like to drive big vehicles, so she has her mini van.  Leaves Scott in the full sized van.  He needs something more economical and I need something Arlynd can have a little fun with.  Maybe I will be more valuable to him.  A straight up vehicle swap would be ideal for both parties.  I think I will just tell Ronnie to go see John and do the trade out.  I will feel better knowing I helped out Scott.  I am handing him my problems and hes handing me his.  It all works out.  I think that I will contract Greg to come help me with the tune up and ask Mike to help me get the tire off the damn thing.  If he wont do it I suppose I will ask Arlynd to do it.  Maybe Wednesday when Star goes out an we have the house to ourselves we will go down there first.  I got paged by Foxtrot tonight so he went down to Lauras with me and met her, tried to get the tire off, did a spot check on the van with me.  Between the two of us we made the decision it was worth the trade.  About even out on the trade I think.  He told me hardly ever sees Brandy anymore.  He has custody of his 4 year old son.  Living at mom and dads.  Still working at Farm and  Fleet.  Hes going to fax me over an application tomorrow.  Im going to fax him over a sales quote on 100,000 sq ft done every month with a once a year strip.  See what kind of deal I can get him.    Joyce called me tonight looking for Erics #.  The DJ was way late and she set it up thru Javier and was worried that they werent gonna show so I gave her the cell phone # I had and it seemed to work.  Ure welcome honey!  OK that brings ya up to date on life with me.  Oh ya and I ran in to Connie Charlies Connie and we are gonna go out for dinner or something one night.  I called ya back Jeff but no answer I paged ya with my pager # so when you get back page me.  I need ya to send me the quote sheet for truck stops.  Dave, thanks for the blow off I really do appreciate it.  Really I do.  I hope whatever it was you had fun doing it.  Bill I called ya when I got back from Lauras about 11 or so and no answer left a message for you on Kellys cell.  You guys should get an answering machine or bill a cell phone.  Love ya everyone!