How can we go from being so wrong for each other to being so right for each other in the matter of a few years?  Is it that we both grew up?  Maybe we both realized that love is in the first place you look.  Think about it.  If you WANT to love someone you do.  You can either look for it in that special person, or cast them aside as a piece of meat.  Its a choice you make.  Some hopeless romantics believe that love is fate.  These are 2 totally different ideas.  Being with one person over another might be considered fate.  But loving them is a choice.  You might not have had anything to do with the fact you are sitting next to someone.  That is fate.  You do have a choice to let that person in your heart and soul.    I have often heard people tell me that they have found their soul mate.  Funny, most of the time these are the same people that tell me they dont believe in God.  How can you have a soul without believing that there is life after death.  How can you have a soul understanding how a human gets a soul?  I really truly dont understand that.  I firmly believe that you will have a hard time finding your soul mate if you do not have a reason to be the best you can be for a life after this one.  You are here just simply for the moment.  The choices you make are based on a moral standard.  Which is good, however why have morals if you dont believe in a better life after you die.  I dont understand how people can go through life and feel so empty.  I think this is why they say they have found their soul mate.  It makes them feel complete because they lack the feeling God would give them.    I dont feel I NEED a soul mate.  I guess I would know if I had one.  So I guess I never have had one.  I can go through the important guys in my life and remember when I felt really awesome and other times I felt like a piece of meat.  Even with the ones I have in my life right now.  No need to spill my guts and hurt feelings.  Save that for a rainy day.    I know this much Joyce said something the other night that really made me sit back and think.  She said you know what I dont remember seeing you this giddy over a guy since Brian.  I havent seen him in years I told her.  When I was with Brian before I knew we werent right for each other.  I knew that we were in different stages in our lives.  This time around I know I that our lives are pretty close to even.  Neither one of us are happy with the money situation.  Both of us miss each other when we are separated.  I know I balance him out and he balances me out.  Its a nice change of pace.  Its not difficult.  I cant remember the last relationship that was easy, or that didnt bring a whole lot of baggage with it.  Last night we were cuddling.  It was one of those nights where we didnt have to say a whole lot.  I think we were on the same page without having to say a word.  Last time I had a feeling like that I was with Doug.  Before that I cant remember the last time.  I knew he wasnt laying there thinking about work.  I knew he wasnt thinking about bills and kids and exs. Just wrapped up in the moment.  Didnt have a worry in the world except making sure the other wasnt crying.  It was quite enchanting.  Its very hard not to totally give him my heart. I promised myself I wouldnt do that.  Sometimes fate does kick in.  I can choose to not have him in my life.  I can choose to slow down.  I dont want to though.  How fucked up is that??