Lets see where do I start?  Monday deposited my check and hung out with Bill and a guy named Todd (a George Carlin thing)  Tuesday I put in a few resumes online.  Then went to the bank withdrew some money to pay Star and have a little bit of spending cash, paying Kel back money I owed her.   Called Arlynd left a little voice mail.  Called Jeff and found out hes coming out tomorrow.   I miss him so its cool hes coming out.  Hes bringing the rest of my stuff with him so  Ill feel a little more at ease.  Maybe go do dinner or something.  I know Jeff will read this later and be upset with me, but if I dont write it out Ill never get it off my chest.   Ive had a few ask me why I came back.  I tell them that Jeff and I needed some space and that I was homesick.  The event that did it was, we were sitting on the couch rubbing each others feet.  Enjoying the tenderness I forgot he had inside him.  Told him that I realized that he was carrying all the material things in the relationship, and that I was carrying all the emotional side.  Though I liked the things he was doing as far as material I was lacking the emotional stuff.  It was more of a business partnership than a relationship.  So back to the foot rub stuff. I was really starting to relax in to HIS new apartment.  I realized the last apartment was HIS too.  It wasnt ours.  It was HIS.  All HIS furniture all HIS pots and pans and dishes.  Everything I wanted to bring was not what he wanted.  Hell I couldnt even have my own dresser.  I was forced to look at a wall while I was on the computer cause it was HIS office.  I was merely residing there.  As the foot rub continued, mind you this was after a bunch of food and about 45 minutes of a foot rub, he says put your hand on my cock.  There was no please, no eye contact, nothing.  Im supposed to be really turned on with that and just go oh yah baby no problem.  NO other man has ever done that before.  So why should I deal with that now?    I deal with it because I love him but I tell ya what  Its getting old really fast!  I asked you several times why you do that.  That is so degrading.  Especially after such a nice night.