Ok so like WOW.  I have to tell you about my last 24 hours.  ok so it's Star's birthday weekend.  So we decided she's not sobering up.  Anyway, Friday I was totally awesome!  Bill got me a hair cut.  Donna gave me this do that left my top long and my back short short.   Then I went to see Lord of the Rings with Rich and went to dinner.  Then I ended up takin gStar out for drinks at Joyce's and the bar was PACKED!  Man it was so much fun in there.  her and I were stoned and having a good old time.  We were all dresed up and getting hit on by every man in the bar.  Arlynd ended up showing up.  So we got our drinks for free and he was in an awesome mood.  Made the night even better.  He ended up on the couch because I knew if we did anything I would NOT be able to look Brian in the eye.    God how can I be so torn?  I mean I have arlynd... Pro/con time  good   he's fun he's good in bed well endowed smart funny makes decent money good looking   bad  he's a drinker smoker in to himself knows how to push my buttons has lora to fall back on  Brian  good  Stephen includes me in family stuff his parents love me his bro likes me and his sister likes me grandma has adopted me hard worker he gets along with my family great lover i can tell him just about anything not smoking cigarettes anymore   bad  perpetually broke let's his dad run he weekends would rather hang out with bill most of the time then me  (somethings never change) He has REALLY early mornings  I'm lik eso torn.  I think I just want one to step up to the plate.  I'm tired of dating.  I want one man that wants me the same as i want him.  that's all.  Is that too much to ask?  Anyway to finish up the last 24 hours....  Arlynd left about 8am I went back to bed didn't get up unti llike 11:30.  Les got here about 11:45 and started to work on getting dsl hooked up.  Since we couldn't do it with the equipment we had we waited for my puter geek friend Bob to get here.  We decided wireless hub was the way to go.   About 5:00 or so Jeff showed up with some things he thoght I'd want to have.  He brought my vision poster, my wind chimes, my aranetta drawing, my ring and videos.  We talked for a short bit.  I felt like crying.  One one hand he was being bery sweet.  I just don't think he realized that I am having a hard time accepting how good his life is without me.  How nice it could have been if he just followed thru on things.  Bob came downstairs in the nick of time and with a wonderful call from kelly to break the strangeness the night quickly ended.  I'm not sure if it was a good thing or not.  So I go to the bar to meet Arlynd I am there about 20 minutes and Star calls and wants to go out.  So I went back home and got her and then went back to Joyces and sat by Bridget, she's SO cool!  So then after she got there Mike and Kathy Robinson showed up and shortly after LeeLee, Dana, and Rick showed up.  Not a whole lot can ruin my night at this point.  I found out from Tama last night that not only is Lora a whore but she's a crack whore.  So I told Bonnie that and she's like oh I know and I know she's being evicted.  TOTALLY made my night.  Since I am friends with the building inspector AND my dad is on the condemming board it wasn't hard!!!  So that like totally made my life easier.  I did come to one downside of this now I won't know where to find her tho.    I'm hoping Arlynd is serious when he says that him and her about done anyway.  I'm sick of worrying about if he's out here and I say no that he'll be with Lora moments later.  Scares me to death.  I mean I asked him Thursday to just take it somewhere else.  If he's gonna do that just go to a different bar.  He agreed to that but I don't think he has any intensions of leaving the bar any time soon.  So that might mean he's done with her cause I think he knows that her ass is mine now.  Unless he really is that inconsiderate.  Somehow I don't think that's the case he just wants to act like he'd do that so I'm on my toes.  Ok and is the touch all that i should be worrying about and not necessarily the words that come out of his mouth?  that is the realy question of the day.