Let's see... How was my night??? Well let me fill you in.  Jeff (Foxtrot) totally blew me off.  7:30 I walk up stairs and tell start to spill it.  I thought I was ready for whatever came my way.  She told me she was attracted to Arlynd.  More than an attraction.  I think she said she was in love with him.  I knew it.  I felt it in my gut.  I felt it in my heart.  I was going to go downstairs and be comfortably numb and forget about it.  Called Doug Called Kelly Called Bill Called Rich  Michael calls wants to go out.  So I think that's a good idea of course.  So we end up going out.  End up over at Joyce's.  I was saying stuff... I'm not sure what I said... I know it was psycho sounding.  Scared Star.  Her and Arlynd had words.  She left.  I told him he better go fix whatever he fucked up.  He went and got her brought her home.  By that time I went to the other side of the bar and waited for his return.  I was having fun with the bar crew and p.r. Joe.  All I know is I was with Brian all night Monday night never went to the bar, but supposedly ended up giving joe a blow job. Rich came and went (Hope ya feel better honey).  Mike and Candy were there Mike was sort of my body guard.  It was pretty cool!  I like her so much.  She makes him so happy.  I hope to God they make it.  Anyway it's like 11:00, after a few long hours f playing pool, they leave. I called Brian and talked to him for like an hour at the bar.  Kofron walks in.  Looks really good.  I mean he seemed happy, married with a baby.  Everything he wanted but wouldn't do with me. All those feelings came back.. All the hurt and anger, good times and bad, rushed thru me.  I was a mess.  Arlynd cared none.  He pulled me aside and said "you don't know it but it's goodbye".  5 minutes later i left.  12:30 I go upstairs to try and talk to Star.  She didn't even want to see me.  She was acting like this was all my fault.  I was so ripped up.  I called Brian for like an hour AGAIN.  I called Jeff talked to him for like another hour.  Then she came down and asked if i wanted to come up.  So I did.  After mine and Brian's conversation I think I can trust him again.  I know he'll be there for me.  I know he doesn't think I am totally crazy.  I told Star all this.  I truely feel blessed to have Brian in my life.  I know he'll be good for me.  I knew all he needed was his chance to prove himself to me.  He's done nothing wrong.  It was only after our conversation that I realized I NEED Brian in my life.   I don't NEED Arlynd .  I NEED Rich.  I need Jeff as a friend.  I need Bill.  I think I'm pretty content with those friends right now.  As long as I know I have them I'm ok.  After telling Star exactly how I feel about Brian I think I am really ok with letting go of Arlynd.  I've said from the beginning.... I knew it was only a matter of time.  Arlynd is tying up loose ends.  He was a friend to her tonight.  Who knows maybe this is a good thing.  Right now I'm just trying to deal with it.