Greetings from Illinois.  Star and I talked all is well.  I've talked to Arlynd twice today already.  I'm so nervous.  God I feel like it's my first time meeting him or something.  I hear his voice and I melt.  I talked to Jeff today too.  I realized I forgot a check for the oil sending until for the lincoln.  Means I have to go out to Dan's tomorrow.  More nervous about tonight.    GOD am I insane?  I think I've got him if I want him.  Just not sure if I want him or not.  I mean  friend's with benefits is one thing.  Do I want another man in my life right now?  Like Kel said maybe I'm just afraid of being lonely.  That IS quite possible.  I suppose after him and I go for dinner I'll know how the rest of the night's going to be.  See if I am a babbling idiot at dinner. I wish some thing would just send me the ultimate sign saying that this is right.  I am still torn.  I mean my heart is here in Illinois, just scared I am making the wrong decision.  I guess as long as I hold true to myself then i will never be upset in the long run cause I did what I wanted to do when I wanted to do it.  So tonight it's about me and him.  Time to get down to the basics.  I WANT to know him better.. Question is does he want to know me better than just a fuck?  God I hope so.  I mean the last thing I wanted was a boyfriend screwing up my plans, but somehow I don't think he would screw anything up for me.  We have so much in common.  He knows I have a lot of male friends and I know he has friends, hobbies, and work that limit his time.  Parts of me just don't want to lt him out of my site this time.  Somehow the chess pieces all are working in my favor.. All most too good to be true.  I mean good things come to those who wait.. I guess I just didn't think that I had to wait this long.  I think maybe too he knows I just like him because he is the way he is.  I don't EXPECT anything from him but a hug.  I know I am not his top priority i think he appreciates that.. We are much more grown up now then we were then.  Lots of things have changed in the way I view things.  So maybe he IS the right one.  I guess only time will tell.  At this point I am not ruling anything in or out.  I plan on keeping Jeff in my life as long as I can.. Maybe he'll open his eyes and see where his heart really is.  Maybe not.. Like i said I am not ruling anything out right now.  Life is too flip floppy.