Sometimes I amaze myself onhow well I can explain things to people.  I think I finally got it thru Eric's thick skull he's not on center stage anymore.  He joked around about marriage and i laid it on the line.  I told him he needs to choose a path.  His path and my path aren't crossing anymore.  I think he FINALLY understood. Only took me an hour.  I've seen Arlynd everyday since last Thursday.  I'm not sure  if that's a good thing or a bad thing.  I'm not complaining.  The man says jump and I say how high.  I wish he'd see how much he means to me.  That I am there good bad and otherwise.  I think I did good tonight.  He called me i was there like 10 minutes later.  We sat and had a few drinks and out the door he went.  I think I saved him from a depression thing.  I'm not sure.  I'd like to think I did.  I saw him slipping in to this wierdness thing.  He started talking about Scott and the whole tree thing.  Bumbed him out.  I'm starting to understand him a lot more and i think it scares thehell out of him.  He knows the lora subject hurts me and uses it every way he can just to prove he's not "exclusive".  If he wanted to spend this time with her he would have.  But he's in my bed not hers.  I'm so afraid that the moment I say no he'll go running to Lora.  So I think I need to leave my options open.  I mean just not see brian except for like Tuesday nights and Fridays or something.  I need my time free for Arlynd.  I think he's finally starting to fold and I'm not about to loose him out of my life again.  Brian I can live without.   Arlynd is just in my blood.  So many things I do I have him running in my brain.  Not a thing I do changes the way I fell.  I so scared to tell him because I know he'll run and hide.  After nights like this I just wanna tell him..... "you feel this way with me because you CAN"  not for any other reason.  You can feel comfortable with me.  No one can take that away and stop being so scared.  But if I said that he'd be gone after "because you can".    Sweetheart... Put a little faith in me.