Wednesday me and Brian decided that friends with benefits is a good idea until he gets over this whole Arlyn thing.  If he can't get passed that then I don't need him around.  I explained to him that since New Year's Eve I have been totally faithful to him.  I'm not sure if he believes me or not.  Everyone that comes in to my life he considers a threat to him and I and maybe he should.  I can't handle jealousy.  I can't handle walking on egg shells with new people in my life because it might upset him or make him all jealous.  Thursday was yet another interesting day.  I wanted to prove to Dave that I can be that best friend he's seeking.  I ran in to Larry Scoot and he asked me who's Durango I was driving.  I told him Dave's.  I also told Larry about Mike Hartery.  Told him that he was living at Megan's and sleeping in her room.  Told him what a piss poor job he did on the mustang.  He told me that Mike was getting ready to throw a transmission in Boch's truck (Boch being 18 year old Megan's Dad and an ex boyfriend of mine).  So I immediately went over to go see Mr. Boch.  He's all mad at me cause i'm bringing this to him like I'm an enemy al the sudden.  Last time I saw him he told me "Katy, you know why I love you so much, you loved me when I was fat and you loved me when I was thin all the same."  Then I find out that he told dave I was a lying cheating whore Dyke.  When I was with him I never cheated on him and I never lied to him and I was there for him thru his whole divorce.  I am definately not a dyke.  Thou the thought has crossed my mind.  I was so hurt by that,  I couldn't help but cry.  Dave did go talk to Larry Scott and Mr. Boch about hartery about missing car parts and stolen money.  So, dave was having a shitty day too.  Of course Thursday is a Duke Obrien night.  By the time we got down to Crystal Lake to pick up parts from Joe and have some grub neither one of us felt much like going out.  Chris and I got in to it on the phone on the way down to Crystal Lake.  He was all ready drunk at 7:30. He'd been drinking since like 5:30.  I'm so done with him.  I told him I talk to Linda like 5-6 times a day.  I talk to him maybe 5 times a week.  It was one of those days I was doubting who my friends were.  Instead of going to Duke's me and Dave decided to come home have a comfortably cozy night making brownies.  Friday sucked too.  I was livid!  I came home after a very long day at work and crashed so Dave and I could go out.  Slept until like 7:00 still hadn't heard form him so I called.  Him and his mom were fighting so he didn't feel like going out.  I think he hung up pn me like 3 times.  Somehow I can't stay mad at Dave no matter how hard I try.  So come like 8:30 he finally makes the decision that he wasn't going out.  In the mean time I ran down to let the dogs out and Bill was home.  So I called Tama to see if he at least called her since he didn't call me.  She said yes.  That made me even more mad.  Because he's fucking her and not me I don't deserve a phone call.  Tama actually said Kate it's a little different when you are fucking someone verses someone that he pays to let the dogs out.  She said that and Kelly told me they are not my dogs so I'm done.  Until I get an apology from Bill for making me deal with Kelly and can prove to me I'm more than someone that just lets out the dogs then I'm not going over there anymore.  Tama Is really high drama.  Bill is a self centered assmunch.  I dropped mine and Brian's key off with a little note stating that $80 is a slap in the face.  So just whatever.  Brian came over and we cuddled up and went to bed it Was kind of nice.  HOWEVER, he asked me where to dig out for an herb garden so I told him.  I've been home 45 minutes he's nowhere to be found.  I'm so sick and tired of his inability to be motivated to do anything.  I can't handle it anymore.  It literally drives me insane.  On a happier note:  Allie girl call me. Everytime I call you the line is busy or no one is home.  Sunday I had to work finally got some over time in.  Brian was working on the day lillies when i got here.  Then we went Garage saling.  Going to mom's for dinner.  Then putting together mike's puter.  My whole site will be blogs.. So stay tuned!