Ok a lot has happened since my last blog.  Bill went out of town for two weeks so I've been flipping Tyrone and Dakota being at the house.  I had given Kelly a key to  help me let the dogs out because Tama said she wouldn't as long as Bill doesn't change the locks.  So since he once again didn't change the locks on the house I had no choice but to give Kelly a key.  First day was fine second day she told me tnot to go get Dakota groomed because he was not my dog.  I reminded her that I've been letting thesedogs out since she left.  Then I hung up on her.  I am not quite sure who has more respect for me kelly or bill.  I'd like to think Bill but then again he put me thru having to put up with Tama being pissed and Kelly.  I swear all he thinks about is himself and not about any reprocussions of his actions or inaction for that matter.  Friday night me and Daave hung out.  We went down to Crystal Lake to see Tommy and then over to Kohl's.  I'm in 12 stretch slim fits!!!!!!!!!!!  I haven't been a 12 since high school.  Went to Friday's for dinner.  Then we ended up going to 94 after that.  Had an awesome time!  Music was decent.  Everyone seemed to be in a good mood.  I saw Danielle and John and Becky (Dani's GF).  Of course our favorite flaming faggot Kevin was there.  I love him so much :). Anyway ended up coming back to the house and he crashed over.  Went to work I think I got in like 35 hours.  Didn't have to work Sunday.  Linda stopped by on Satyurday and picked up Chris's ladder.  Saturday night, after Brian put Stephen down, me him and Tama went to Fridays for dinner, again.  Tama was majorly hitting on the 21 year old waiter.  I laughed so hard when he told her how old he was.  He was very cute tho.  Sunday was national smokers New Year's.  Happy New Year all you potheads.  Mom and I put in like 3 hours in the house.  We cleaned off all the windows and sills.  She bought me a ton of pop.  We went shopping for curtain rods.  Put a few Misc boxes away.  I found all my kitchen stuff up in the loft. We did Sunday dinner at Mom and Dad's.  We had Lamb, asparagus, and red potatoes.  Finished off that Boston cream torte I bought a few weeks ago, for dessert.  Brian and I left but before we left My dad decided to call me Ave Jr.  I was so mad.  I even called him and told him that it hurt my feelings.  I try so hard not to be like that thing.  Anyway, we left and came to the house.  Had some fucking awesome sex.  David called and wanted to stop by and pick his stuff up.  His grandma passed away on Sunday, so he was not in good form.  He looked nice tho.  He looks good in Sage green.  I'm gonna have to remember that. :).  Then we proceeded to have really awesome sex again! Then went to bed.  ok a few good lines I heard oer the weekend:  The only one ever born perfect was Jesus Christ and they crusified him. - Ann Marie  Boobcheck will be going to jail!  Don't entertain other people's stupidity.  Chris called me and woke me up today.  He's all worried because Linda is pissed off.  I keep telling him to not take people in to AJ's Donna goes in there and she'll run and tell Linda.  Sure enough that's what happened.  Took another girl in to AJ's.  I hope to God it was Star.  I really need to tell him to fuck off.  I'm sick of tell him why I'm mad at him.  You know that song about "what good is a love affair if we argue cuss and fight"  that's what we do.  He's so not worth my time.  Besides I  like Linda now that I've had a chance to talk to her.  Brian is working.  David and Craig are at the game.  I'm going to go over to Sally's pick up some hair color do my hair.  Go over to mom's and drop off her pedal for the sewing machine.