well.. Lots happened over the weekend.  Friday night me, Gloria and David went down to Dave and buster's in Lombard to meet up with Cher.  We all ended up gettting quesadillas.  Some strange reason Gloria thought I'd order fish.  ACK like that would happen.  Shell fish and salmon only for me thanks.  Cher was wearing this really cute skirt and top outfit.  I got a nice little back rub from her while we were there.  Saturday.  Wel, i'm not going to get in to much detail but let's just say me, Cher and Dave went to 94.  OMG did we have a great time.  We stopped at Superb and Crossroads on the way home if that gives you any ideas.  She wore another school girl outfit for me.  Man I was just in seventh heaven.  Sunday I went and helped Dave put up the fence on his lot then we went down to the city.  Stopped at the Alley, Taboo Taboo, some had shop and then came home.  Brian was here when we got here.  I had to go let out the dogs so Brian and I did that then came home and went to bed.    He left me this letter when he left today.. He can tell I am being distant.  Not sure why I am doing that to him.  I'm just looking for something that is not there.  I just don't know what it is.  I do know what I want so I'm just going to throw it out there and see what I get.  In a man: Handsome, employed (not by mom and dad either), driver's license and own car.  Must be ok with a bi girlfriend.  Non smoker, occasional drinker (or willing ot hang out at a bar for an evening), a decent pool player would be a nice bonus, must have a passion for SOMETHING, must be family oriented, children are ok (as long as the mother is ok with you dating, I don't need psychos), mentally, physically, moniarily stable, a functional pothead would be a plus but definately not neccessary.  In a woman: I need someone that understands I am not lesbian,  I'm not going to take you home to mom and dad until we know each other REALLY well, All the above is included.  please send all requests to   aranetta@yahoo.com