ok so since i keep getting yelled at ablout not blogging i guess i should.  To all that talk to allie (NNancy) on a regualr basis her puters are messed u pso she won't be online for a while but she's all good.  Too much has happened last few days.  Dave has apologized for being a complete dick the last few days.  Friday night i stayed home pretty much.  Satuday night Dave and i hung out and went up to kenosha.    Sunday morning we went to the car show at Lake County Fair grounds.  I found my brother a matchbox model of his 23 ford t bucket.  It was identical  minus the lantern tail lights and grey interior.  I must tell you about sunday night.  Make sure u are smoking or drinking anything cause u will laff so hard!  So me and Frank went down to this bar in the city it's a girl bar with kareoke on sunday nights.  What could be better right?  Well i thought my night couldn't get any better until i got home.    The night gets better  We got back and decided we didn't want to be there.. So me, Brian and Frank decided Joyce's.  So we get to Joyces and Frank beat us there and was sitting there talking to Jessie (male)... Last I knew was Kevin's bitch.  So Frank moves by us and Jessie sits on the other side of Frank.. So at the bar we had Bonnie, Older Frank, Arlyn, Me, Brian, Frank, Jessie, 2 guys i didn't know.  Jessie quickly disappears in to the bathroom.. i asked frank where Jessie went, he's like i don't know his stuff's still here.  The other guy I didn't know disappeared too.  Bonnie noticed and went in the bathroom and sure enough they were fucking in the bathroom.  I really wish i was kidding about this.    David walks in  The night gets better yet  Kevin calls looking for the missing boyfriend Jessie.  The convo goes as follows:  Joyce: Hello Pj's park Inn Kevin: Is Jessie there: Joyce: Jessie isn't allowed in here anymore Kevin: why not Joyce:   Bonnie: Because we caught him fucking another guy in the bathroom Kevin:  Just keep it on the down low please (whatever that means) Bonnie: yeah I'll keep it on the downlow Kevin    We are all laffing so hard we can't breathe  The night gets better yet  Jessie returns to the bar not understanding he's not allowed in there.  Bonnie escorts him away fromthe property while jessie is yellin " you are all a bunch of stupid girls"  and bonnie goes "if u are a gay man why are u fucking em if they are all stupid girls"  Frank took him home, but was online when i got hom  15 minutes later.  More to come!