YOU KNOW YOU'RE FROM CHICAGO IF. . .  You know what the phone number for Empire Carpet is!  Your living room is called the "front room." (pronounced frontroom)  You don't pronounce the "s" at the end of Illinois,   and you become irate at people who do.  You measure distance in minutes (especially "from the city"),   and everything is pretty much 15 minutes away.  You have no problem spelling or pronouncing "DesPlaines."  Your school classes were canceled because of the cold weather.  Your school classes were canceled because of the hot weather.  You've switched from heat to air conditioning in the same day.  Your grocery stores don't have sacks; they have bags.  You end your sentences with prepositions: "Where's my coat at?" or "If you go to the mall, I wanna go with," or "Come by and pick me up."  Your idea of a great sandwich is when the meat is twice as big  as the bun, it has everything on it, and a slice of dill pickle is on the side.  You always carry jumper cables in your car.  You drink "pop."  You understand that I-290, I-90, I-94, and I-294 are all different highways.  You know the names of the interstates: Stevenson, Kennedy, Eisenhower, Dan Ryan, and the Edens, but you call them all "expressways."  You refer to anything south of I-80 as "Southern Illinois."  You refer to Lake Michigan as "The Lake."  You refer to Chicago as "The City."  The "Super Bowl" refers to one specific game in a series of 35 played in January of 1985.  No matter where you are, when you hear the term "Downtown," you immediately assume they're talking about downtown Chicago.  You have two favorite football teams: The Bears, and anyone who beats the Packers!  You read "The Trib."  You drive to the North suburbs by taking "The Outer Drive" even though no such road exists.  You think 35 degrees is great weather to wash your car!  You know what goes on a Chicago Style Hot Dog.  You know what Chicago Style Pizza REALLY is.  You know why they call Chicago "The Windy City."  You understand what "lake-effect" means.  You know the difference between Amtrak and Metra, and know which station they end up at. (Do note the preposition.)  You ride the "L."  You can distinguish among the following area codes: 847, 630,773,708,312,&815.  You respond to the question "Where are you from with a "side."    Example:"WEST SIDE," "SOUTH SIDE," or "NORTH SIDE."  You wear gym shoes, not sneakers.  And, the CHICAGO CLASSIC: You have at some time in your life,    used your furniture to guard your parking spot in winter.  You know where the post office is.  You measure distance by how long it takes you to get there not by mileage.  You've use the last name O'mally while giving a history lesson.  You remember when "Da Bulls" were actually good.  You know what the miracle mile is.  When someone says "the airport" you assume O'hare (even though you know there are 2)  You understand that the far left lane is really 75 mph as opposed to the 55 mph posted limit.  You know where and how much each toll booth is.