I got myself a new car.  It's an '89 Thunderbird super coupe.  It's got a 3.8 super charge 5 speed stick.  Can you say "holy cow fast"?  It's nice to have a car worth dumping some money in to.  I joined S.S.C.O.A. Super Coupe Club of america on Dave's recommendation.  Very cool club to be in for a gear head!  Deals with strictly '89 to '95 thunderbird super coupes.  Kat is buying my regal once we get it running  .  Aol sucks donkey balls.  Incase anyone hasn't heard me say that in a while.  When I sign on and check my billing it says I'm on unlimited.  When I sign off it says i'm on unlimited but somehow i'm paying per minute and they charged my father $764 for apr and another $226 from may to current.  So after an hour on the phone Wednesday night and so far a half hour on the phone today nothing's been resolved.  I wonder how aol is able to stay in business.. Maybe by charging people $764 and never disputing it.  Who knows.  Tuesday I felt like I was in Michigan and having an anxiety attack.  It was scary couldn't calm down no matter how much I smoked.  I hate that feeling.  Too afraid to go to a dr. and for them to tell me that I have to be on meds forever.  I think I like the whole self medication theory more.  Brian's been working with David at his mom's this week doing some landscaping.  He's doing brakes on Linda's van.  So as long as he's working I'm gonna try my hardest not to hound on him.  IT's hard cause I feel like an over grown babysitter.  We talked alot last night and kissed and made up.  So all is well.  Maria called this morning.  She might be coming up this weekend from Michigan.  So if I don't answer my phone u know why :).  Kat might be coming over today but I haven't heard from her yet.  Saturday the gang is going up to 94.  Peter hasn't been to a gay bar here in the states yet.  So he'll see what friendly really means :).    As I'm sitting here on hold with AOhell, for the last half hour, I'm reminded of the word Patience.    Oh yeah everyone call my mom and wish her a happy birthday.  It's tomorrow!  We are doing a sunday dinner for her.  She loves that kind of stuff.  David just called and said Kat had a wet dream about him and I I'm VERY curious as to what that was about!