I know it's been like forever since i've blogged.  I guesss I just feel like I've talked to everyone so often that I really don't need to blog as often.  I'm just lazy yeah that's it.  Lots has happened in the last week so I thought I'd catch ya up.   David got his house back after Boobcheck and Kyle moved out.  I think I got  myself 2 snowmobiles out of the deal YIPPY.  We threw out 34 bags of garbage.  I think we got the raccoon drunk.  We threw out the bags and the next morning there was a dead raccoon in front of the house.  ANYWAY....  Peter showed up like thursday.  He's from Germany and doesn't have to leave until september.  He's a sweety.  Starting to loosen up a bit.   Kat broke up with Nick on Saturday.  Me, Brian, Rich, David, Dave, Samantha (YUM) and Michelle (Kat's best friend) all went and helped her move out and move in to David's.  So David. Peter and Kat are living there.  I got 2 kittens since I last blogged.  One is orange/beige tabby and one dark chocolate brown half siamese.  The tabby we named Toby.  I need suggestions on the chocolate brown.  The Durango is about up on the mileage, YEAH!!! David has a white Tbird that I am going to buy as long as there isn't a  blown seal on the thing.  I found a plug I needed to hook up the cb in the house.  So I'm gonna have Brian go over to mom's and get my radio.  Maybe if we are ambitious potheads we can go up to the top of Esler's roof and tear down the cb antenna.  If not maybe Al will let me have his.  My mother is being a saint.  Rose is up for a week.  So I think I am going to go swimming with her today and try to work out my back.  Then maybe take her to gurnee mills tomorrow.  I gotta go pick up Ashley (Chris and Linda's daughter) today.  Started doing click for money programs.  If any of you are interested you can start    Here  It's WWW.Wonderemails.com and please use the aranetta as reference so I get paid for you clicking.  So now that I've caught everyone up.. I'll try to be better about blogging, I promise!