Biggest news of the month!!! We're ENGAGED!!! That's right read it and weep boys.  He took me off the market!! NEENER NEENER NEENER!  Gonna be June 12th, 2004 At Mom and Dad's is the wedding and Brian's sister's for the reception.  Wedding Party as follows  Maid of Honor: 	G.L.O.R.I.A!!!!!!!!!!! Bride's Maid:	Allie  Best Man:	Bill Groomsman:	Todd or David not sure  Ok other than that.. whatelse has gone on this week??  Rent still isn't paid.  I got a Worm on my puter.  Mcafee actually was the only one to detect the worm.  They have a small program that detects these nasty email worms.  download Stinger.exe from Mcafee.com It fixed my puter and that was a damn task I had a bunch of these little bastards. Found 5 total!  Nick is just about out of this picture and when he is we are gonna have a ding dong the witch is dead party.  I think Rich has a girlfriend cause I haven't heard form him in a week.   I'm so happy for you honey I really am.  You deserve someone as awesome as you are! I really hope to God she doesn't put me in a position where I have to like put the fear of best friend in her.  Doug is OLD LOLOLOLOLOL :P  Oh I fixed my aol home page!  Aol Sucks huge as donkey balls. Check this out!  For $3 a month you can have McAfee Virus protection provided by aol. The Largest known Virus to mankind teams up with one of the worse antivirus protection (minus this last little stinger.exe thing).  I mean really how much more ironic can you get?  People are actually stupid enough to PAY aol for thier services more then they all ready do?  Shouldn't that be a part of your online service.  I mean hell they still haven't fixed the billing issues totally so there's $1300 at thier disposal for antivirus protection.  Further more..... Why is it when you do keyword live help one option isn't hometown aol?  I mean really when u sit there and wait for someone to answer you then they speak very little english.  Then the "tech support" goes (get this) "I viewed your aol hometown page and your pictures aren't loading" So I said "no shit if they were I wouldn't have asked you how to fix it!" and then he said there is an aol deptartment that handles this issue.  My question here is if they make you type in your question why did he waste 10 minutes of my time before he told me this and why isn't there a damn option for aol hometown? An durther more... Why would aol need a whole department separate from tech support??? The answer is simple... During the day "tech support" is indonesia... Way to go AMERICA ONLINE!... There for they cannot assess this problem because they don't understand enugh english to true "tech support".   If you want AMERICAN billing or tech support call tech support after midnight and you are then in the Washington building.  This is   And don't be fooled Sprint's billing is indonesia.. But don't even get me started with that!