Before I write what I am about to write this is not about anything or anyone in particular.  Just getting it on paper eases my mind about people behavior and how I react to it.  There is no one insinuated or any situations in particular that I am referring to... This is just how I see things.  Well I've come to a decision in my never ending pursuit of learning to know someone.  Why is it u are afraid when u know someone too well.. You learn their behavior.. You've learned their body language... You've learned their habit and desires.  You've learned all this to come to some sort of a friendship understanding... Sometimes you are dead on the same page and other times u assuming things that are so far off base u wonder why u spent so much time wondering things instead of just asking them.  You sit there and wonder what u did wrong.. Did u say something offensive?? Did u give bad advice??? Did they read into something that wasn't meant to be read in to?  Take something the wrong way??? Instead of just asking the person u go crazy trying to analyze the situation.  The truth of the matter is I'm beginning to realize that I'm not a great communicator...  I think I assume WAY to much about people, and never give my opinion a second thought.  So I am going to make a diligent effort to not assume too much about a person... The moment I do they change... The second I think I can trust someone I mean FULLY trust them 100% they will snap and make u rethink every friendship u have.  I'm not saying this to scare you guys.  I'm saying it as a warning...   If you are reading this this next line doesn't apply to you...  I have lost 2 dear friends in the last six months due to the assumption that what I said stay in that message and wasn't copied and pasted for the whole world to see.  I have, only one time in my life, done that to deliberately... Pasted something so they would end up regretting hurting a friend.  I will never EVER do it again!    I have had time over this last year to really analyze myself.  Figure out what I've done wrong in past relationships.  What I can do better for me and Brian so the same thing doesn't happen.  I have figured out that I have put a life time in to my friends and they aren't going anywhere.  These fly by nights are just that.  I don't need any more Friends then what I all ready have.  No reason to open my door for more hurt... I have assumed so much that I'm not sure how to start back at ground level with people that don't mean as much to me as the people that I have active in my life right now.  So unresolved issues are unresolved issues and I am going to do my best to bury the past in the past.  Keep the friends I have in the present in the present and the future and worry about only those that I know really care about me.  Everyone else can go fuck themselves!  If u are in my life now and using me up I will find you hunt you down myself.. So if this is the category you are in right now then be gone.  For all those people that have run me to the ground, used me up for every last bit of sympathy I have for people, BE gone!  For all those who have hurt my friends I have now, Be gone!  I'm not playing games anymore.  I'm not going to be walked on or controlled.  It's time I care of ME and my family and friends.  To everyone else reading this that has some pleasure to gain by reading my blog a year after we've been together to  try to come sort of conclusion, Be gone.    For my true honest to god friends: You guys are the best! I love you guys with all my heart and soul.  It's time for me to prove it.  I realized that this last three years I have put you all through a lot of crap and I am deeply sorry.  I hope you know I'll make it up to you.  I will always be here for you, even if I am playing a game and u call me 20 times about a chili recipe :).