well this is gonna be a beautiful cycle I can tell... My mood swings are drastic and my mind is totally cluttered even while i'm stoned.  Brian went to freight fest with steven.  I just don't feel like being social.  I blew off his sister's, blew him and steve off, could have gone for drinks with glor, but i just felt blah.  I think it's the season change.  Lack of money for one whole year.  I can't believe I've had one job this year.  I can't believe me and brian have been together a year.  I can't believe what I was like 2 years ago.  I mean talk about night and day difference.  I guess I can say one thing.. I've learned enough in these last two years to not allow myself to continue to make those mistakes all over again.  I've learned that people have behavioral patterns that can be qued in to a life clock of someone elses.  Meaning that if you really know someone you know what thier behavior is like and if they don't check in with you with in a certain time frame you begin to worry.  If they act a certain way you know u won't hear from them for a while.  It's strange how one person's behavior changes the clock of someone else.  I think this is where most guys lack in relationships.  I mean I don't think a guy let's someone know them well enough or close enough that someone else notices thier behavior.  I know Gloria's behavior pretty well.  I know when she's gonna be 3 hours later than i'll be leaving in 10 minutes.  I know when she's gonna just plain old blow me off most of the time.  I know when I should see her online.  I don't know one man that knows me that well... They don't allow themselves to know me that well.  I mean Gloria's not the only one i know.  I know Doug's, Allie's, starting to figure out justin's, David's, Brian's, my brother... I just don't know if anyone besides glor KNOWS me.  and with how close I am to some of these people that scares me.  Do your biorhythms of one person effect the others around them?? Does 1 biological clock around someone elses without us realizing it?