Well.. It;s been a strange ass weekend... I guess now that Brian is working nights I can actually write without him over my shoulder.. Not that he really reads this anyway (Obviously).  Friday, I don't think I did nuch of anything.  Saturday made up for it.  Gloria called me at 9am with a crying phone call about Steve taking her keys then leaving.  She was all worried like I wouldn't go get her.  Went up there took Britt and Brandon to Grandma's and took Steven To Ger's.  I think we came back ehre so I could change and went to Mom's to decorate the tree cause she was starting to stress about it.  Mike and Candy were supposed ot be there but showed up 10 minutes after we left.. Mind you they were supposed to be there at the same time.  So somehow Mike managed to sneak out of another tree decorating.. That's ok I'm NOT undoing the tree this year.  That house is magical at christmas.  I tell ya my mother is such the bestest mom in the whole world.  We walked in and smelled cinnamon.  She had baked fresh oatmeal and raisin cookies.  Can you say YUM?  Anyhow, we left there ran an errand for my mom went back to my house and Rob was here about 10 minutes later.  Those two went and did thier thing and I waited for Todd.. Went christmas shopping then over to adventure inn grabbed some za on the way...  Sat and chatted for a while.. Made complete use of the bathroom... We won't go there...   All I can say is my knees were shaking uncontrollably...  We ended up cuddled up on the other bed and after round 4 or 5 with Gloria and Robthey were passed out.. Me and him sat and talked for hours and hours... Prolly like 4-5 hours... It was so cool... I didn't want the night to end!  Why is it the one I really like has to be moving 4 hours away???  He was saying that WE have to move Bill out and THEN he's putting the house up for sale.. That's the plan.  So I might have him til April in an empty house... Man that's gonna be a terrible thing.... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOT.   Sunday my mother calls me at 8:45 UUUUGGGGGGGG... Went to go see Aunt Diana in the hospital.  Ran in to Linda Hill on the way out.  She's got her mother living with her and her oldest son.  She's Got a cousin dying. Her best friend in the hospital.. Still manages to smile I'm not sure how.  So then a 2 hour drive to Genoa with no music to drown out the drama of my parents.  To a Christmas part at my Cousin's.. It was so cool to see the kids enjoying that house like we did when we were that age.. My Aunt Rose was being as obnoxious as ever and Carl was drinking way too much turnedd in to an asshole.  But over all it was nice to have that many kids around.  Came home to Gloria's boyfriend Steve slitting his wrists in front of the kids.  He was eventually brought into custody.  Somewhere along the line he disabled Gloria's car and her car is not running as far as I know.  Actually calling her right now to make sure I don't have to go get the kids tomorrow.    Today was a very prosperous day... Ever wake up just feeling like it's gonna be a good money day??? Thank God for potheads!  Saw Justin today :) was nice to see him!  Wierd I supply him now LOL... Anyway... I've played 3 tourneys today and placed in all of them so i'm finding my groove... better I need to make up for some lost money...  Love you guys!