Well I won in 2 different tourney's last night both paying $12 a piece.  I'm gonna spend today on Rich's quilt/laundry unless Gloria comes over.  Saturday me and Glor are partying!  Todd and I are going together to a night of fun... Just didn't want to bring Brian... Needed a more up beat person... I dunno... This whole Todd thing is a good thing I think.  Would I leave Brian for Todd??? Maybe if Todd wasn't moving up to the Dells.  Since I only have him for a few more months I just want to get as much time in with him as I can.  His brother called last night and I was at Annex with rich.  He was askin gme like a million questions...   Bill: What are you doing? Me:  I'm sitting down at dinner. Bill:  Isn't Brian at work? Me:  yesssssss Bill:  Who are you with?? Me:  Rich.......... Bill:   But brian's at work right??? Me:   YESSSSSSS Bill:   Do you guys have anything? Me:   Not til about 11:30 Bill:   Well I'll drop money off Me:   ok can I go now? Bill:   Ya I'll talk to you later  So I called Todd right away....  Me:     Todd??? Todd:  Yep Me:      your brother is an asshole! Todd:  Why what did he do now?? Me:      20 questioning me about where I am and what I'm doin'.... What are you doing?? Todd:   Out with Zack why? Me:      Well I think HE thinks you are out with me. Todd:   Let him think what he wants Me:      I just don't want to loose you over his bullshit Todd:  Don't worry about that     Me:     What are u doing Saturday? Todd:  Nothing really Me:     Keep it open.. We are gonna go out then Todd:  well I dunno Me:     Me Gloria bob hotel room... Todd:  I'll definately be there!     so that was my night last night.  I think Todd and I have to have the same talk Bob and Gloria are gonna have.  He's been overly nice ever since Bill started this shit.  I swear to god we are all gonna fuck with him now... Next time he calls me and he KNOWS Brian isn't around I'm gonna tell him I'm sucking dick leave me alone.  See how fast he calls Todd LOLOLOLOLOLOLOL... I'm so bad