OK.. so like 11:15 i think it is.. I'm sitting here after he made a wonderful dinner.  Practically in tears...  The phone rings it's Kaitlen calling.. I can't even pick up the phone and say hello.  It's been  a year and a half almost that we've been living together.  We've been together 2 1/2 years.  Maybe that's not a long time for most of you.  But for me it's a life time.  I've never been with someone this long.  Let alone this far away from everyone I love.  I mean when do you say o.k. enough's enough.. After they break al the promises they can?  At first it was "divorce after the house sells".  Now the house has sold it's been over 6 months and still no divorce.  I think the kids not knowing I exist hurts more.  I mean I think at thier age it's one of those things that the truth is what matters.  Living a lie to them is not going to be good in the end.  O.k. some will argue it's not lying to them if they don't know.  But a relationship after 2 1/2 years is bound to unravel.  So, This thing is brewing in me so bad that I almost feel sick to my stomach.  Once upon a time in a fight long ago he threw up in my face that he left his kids for me.. If that was the case wouldn't they know I exist.. Since they don't know i exsist that throws that out of the water.  I would think if I were one of the kids I'd sleep better at night knowing that dad isn't alone.  I mean why would he leave and move 2 states away to be alone instead of living at grandma lou's and Grandpa dan's and being close to us.  I think it would make more sense if he was living with someone else being that far away.  I dunno.  Maybe I'm over analyzing the situation.  So then there is this divorce issue.  Why doesn't he get a divorce cause Idon't make it a neccessary. I don't say well, divorce her before you can have me.  I mean I know he doesn't want to be with her, but then why doesn't he just end it?  He says to me "make some calls for me".  Should that be HIS priority?? Well of course it's not because he still has me.  Relationships shouldn't be this hard.  This is why I am moving back home.  I think I will be takin gas much as I possibly can with me this time around.  Not just a small portion.  LEt him feel the lonliness like I have felt it.  Maybe he'll understand.. Prolly not tho.. Boys are SOOOOOOOOO stupid!    Oh incase I forgot to mention earlier.  I have to move unix boxes AGAIN!  So the rest of the site might not work for a few days until I can get everything else up and running.  Maybe if AOL didn't suck donkey balls so bad I wouldn't move.. Anyway... I'll check back in after my insomnia kicks in.. maybe i'll feel better