Sagittarius Horoscope Thu Jan. 29, 2004  Don't turn down any invitations for today! A group meeting or social event could be thrown together with some casual acquaintances, dear Sagittarius, and the status of your relationships with those people could abruptly change. At the very least, some will become friends, but you might also acquire some valuable business contacts or even partners. You might even fall in love. At day's end, you could be walking around in a daze, as you never expected this to happen.  Oh ya i need a day like today like I need a hole in the head.  Where the hell is Carl?  He had better be in class or something.  I am not even playing.  No phone calls and no return emails is getting really old really fast.  If you're scared don't think for one second I am not.  I realized yesterday all I need in my life is FRIEDNS with benefits.  Don't get me wrong I am still with Brian but with a whole new attitude in the relationship.  If he doesn't want to loose me he knows he can not just settle.  I need a benefit for being with him.  Right now is fine but when I move out of here Everything will be different.  IF there no more benefits to be with him I won't be.  That's with all my friends.  Gloria the benefit of having you in mylife (besides the normal stuff I've been saying for 15 years) is that if I can't have kids of my own I can help you raise yours.  That is a huge huge huge thing to me right now.  David we've all ready discussed what needs to be done.  I'm not really playing this time.  The only one that is taking em seriously and is not trying to stop me from doing what I am doing is Gloria.  That means more to me than you could ever know.  If you are not a benefit to me I will no longer allow you to come and go out of my life whenever you feel necessary.  That's the bottom line.  You are either in my life or you are not.  I am tying up loose end relationships.  I have a few people i do not want to exclude out of that.  Gloria, David, Brian, Michelle, maybe Tony if he can not be such a jerk, Allison and Carl.  I would be very happy just making these people family.  We all have our own families, and that's a beautiful thing.  I don't want this group of friends to disappear.  I am going to do what it takes so we are working as a team, as a bond that can't be broken, whatever level that might be.  I erally do love you guys and I'm so done with everything I really have no emotion over moving.  If somethign doesn't change realy soon I'm gone.  I'm not even kidding around.  I wrote carl an email about what I'm doing to make all this happen.  If anyone wants a copy let me know.  or the first time I am REALLY REALLY REALLY just done.  I'm not mad, hurt, angry, or depressed.  This is what done is.  There is no emotion.  I'm just done.