This is so I don't have everyone and thier mother yelling at me about this.  I'm telling everyone at the same time.  Minus David because if it wasn't for him talking some real sense in to my situation I wouldn' be making this statement.  Due to the fact that grandma has passed away, we are post poning wedding plans until we are really ready.  No more questions about wedding plans.  Sorry guys it's just not worth my stress right now.  If I am going to do the next thirty years right this is the first step.  We are still engaged but just without a date set.  Brian was REALLY REALLY ok with that.  If my predictions are right Bill will convince him to move up there.    I will be free to do whatever I please.  If things change and we get grandma's house then we will see.  Now I know the reason that i am not getting the house.  Jen is mad that I convinced crissy to take steven off meds.  She thinks that he should be on them.  Jen is Bill's (brian's mom's brother) daughter.  So it's Brian's cousin.  Anyway Bill has beenthe whole hold up on us moving in and now I know why.  So in order to fix that situation I have to sit down with her and takl to her so she will convince her dad to let  us move in.  OR i say whatthefuckever not care and move on.  Right now I don't know what i want and it scares me.  After some really long talks with David I'm really ok with how things are going.  I need more Carl's in my life.  I need more David's in my life.  I need more Gloria's and Allie's in my life.  I need people that genuinely care about me and my well being.. All you others that haven't gotten that can kiss my ass.   Incase anyone missed it David is posting on the blog now. And I wrote 2 new poems and posted new lyrics yesterday.  Carl I really hope to god I see you tomorrow.  I promise things are gonna be different.  Ok see if you can see where I am going with this.  Wendy asks me if I will be her 5th on leagues.  After I picked my jaw off the floor, I asked her who was on her team.  Her, this guys Juan, big don, and Brian. If you really care who brian is you should really call me and find out.  I can't say on here but for real call me.  So I'm playing on Wednesday nights for Joyce on Wendy's team.  Mind you Wendy and Arlyn are a "thing".  So Big Don and I are gonna have SOOOOOOOOOOOOO much fun! I can't wait!  We are going to be at least 3rd.  Probably better than that.  Anyone that thinks they might be interested in coming out should really call me first to make sure my shadow is going to be home and not with me.  Love you guys.  I'm sleeping in til Carl calls.  I'll call ya when I get up Glor.