Incase things are getting too confusing in my life for some of you,  I'm not WITH WITH Allison.  I am pretty sure it was  just a one night stand thing.  It's all good whatever.  She knows how i feel and I'm not playing games.  Carl just earned such HUGE ass brownie points.  I'm not sure if he came up here cause he was out or because of the email I sent him.  Whatever the reasoning is I loved it.  I feel like I can go through the rest of my day after he shows up.  I know a virgo would never just show up because someone needed them.  They will always show up when they need you.  That's just as good to me, for now.  As long as i see you that's all I can ask for.    I am not speaking to Rich anymore.  He has decided to close me out of his life because I have been doing something for a year.  He's been closing me out of his life for 14.  Every time he has a girlfriend I don't mean shit to him I never even have the common curtesy of meeting her.  Why is that?  Is it because I will sare them away, or because you compare every other woman to me, or afraid i won't like her?  Well whatever the issue is I'm tired of having my life open for you with every relationship i have and you not even giving me the respect of meeting yours.  The pretend girlfriend has stopped pretending.  I will always care for you and love you and you will always have a special place in my heart.  Rich you have no place in my life anymore.  Gee and I told this to Eric.  Humm funny how shit comes full circle isn't it? At least Eric is happy for me.  Never in a hundred million years did i think I would be planning a wedding without my best friend.  When you are ready to talk and apologize for being a complete DICK, maybe we will talk again.  But i'm telling you what, I will not tolerate anymore bullshit out of you. So when you are ready to be a man for once and apologize for turning your back on me when I need you most then maybe we will talk.  otherwise you can kiss my ass.. You better think long and hard about that.  I hope you are really ready to be alone.  You wonder why you haven't settled down yet.  You are too narrow minded.  Too black and white.  You think you know EVERYTHING.  It's your way or the highway.  Life is full of compromises Rich and God knows i've made a lot of compromises for you and you end up blowin me off and not even giving me the curtesy of meeting your girlfriends.  You ahe a lot of emotional baggage u need to get rid of before any woman in thier right mind would be with you.  I don't understand why somethin gcompletely outside of our relationship has to end our relationship.  You have girlfriends completely outside of my relationship with you and I don't hold it against you.  You are going to play that card then so am I .. it hurts doesn't it?   Maybe you have some concept of how much you hurt me over the years.  you've dealt with this for a year I have dealt with you for 14.  Think abotu that before you tell me to not call you.  Before you decide to throw away 14 years of me putting up with your bullshit.  This is completely up to you!  I can forgive can you?