mine and tony's prections for tonight's royal rumble   prideintheheart: i still love you  prideintheheart: royal rumble is on tonight.. don't forget to order Tony: can't order prideintheheart:  u can come here and watch it Tony: nah, i don't care to see sean micheals or goldberg win. prideintheheart: LOLOL prideintheheart: that's yoru predictions? Tony: yep prideintheheart: mick is ordered back prideintheheart: so um that should eb an interesting twist prideintheheart: i love mick foley Tony: i DO however want to see Mick Foley kick the ever-lovin shit out of Orton, and see the undertaker come back, but that would be about it. prideintheheart: i am so in to wrestling i shoudl really write an article from a womans point of view prideintheheart: it would be fun Tony: did you read my last message? prideintheheart: yup prideintheheart: i think goldberg is god right now prideintheheart: i like when he's on center stage prideintheheart: stone cold prideintheheart: mick foley prideintheheart: we haven't seen the rock since that rock n sock memory thing prideintheheart: so he's due back prideintheheart: RVD is THE bomb prideintheheart: i can't wait ot see a goldberg rvd match up Tony: here are my predictions for the rumble. remember them cuz i'm usually right...... prideintheheart: ok i will blog them Tony: undertaker will come back and sabotage Kane somehow....sean micheals will beat HHH.....goldberg will win the rumble......mick will show up and KILL Orton, and his excuse for walking out will be something lame like.....he promised his wife and kids that he wouldn't fight or something like that...... Tony: who else is wrestling prideintheheart: so far so good prideintheheart: i'm with ya prideintheheart: what about mark henry and jericho Tony: Jericjo will beat Mark Henry..... Tony: Jericho prideintheheart: is jericho being sincere about trish? Tony: yea, this time....he is slowly turning back into a full-blown good-guy. prideintheheart: then be a tag team against lita and matt hardy being back together Tony: Eddie will beat the holy-shit out of Chavo.... prideintheheart: god i hope so Tony: those are my predictions! Tony: so we'll see what happens prideintheheart: i think i'm with ya Tony: blog em and we'll see who else agrees.