Well I'm gonna mark today down as my soul searching day.  Last night Brian got home about 10:15pm.. keep that in mind  After a sever pow wow with Gloria, Allison, Sherry and Jerimiah regarding moving to Tennessee, I did a deeeeeeeeeeeep meditation.  I don't ask for spirit guide help very often.  So in desperate measures I asked only 1 favor.  For 3 phone calls with these questions asked: Who Loves me? Who do I love? Who should I be with.  I started this deep meditation about 8:30.  9:30pm David calls.  10:00pm Brian got home (as good as a phone call).  Carl calls at about 11:30am.  Funny how that seems to work out isn't it?  I know no matter how much of a bitch I am to David or how much of a dick he can be to me.  I know he will always love me (in a totally plutonic way). I do love Brian with all my heart.  and there was a whole 12 hours in between calls.  Carl called after I wasn't planning on hearing from him all weekend.  I now know what I need to do in order to get the answers I really want.  I just have to ask for simple answers and simples ways.  I feel very centered.  As loony as all this sounds, I have a piece of mind that what I have felt were the right answers to those questions were the right answers.  Brian's grandma passed away.  We think the services are Monday.  He's doing ok.  Better than me actually.    Gloria and I had a heart to heart again today.  Those are the kind of conversations that make me realize how much I really do care about you.  Please don't ever feel like you can't talk to me.  I'm here for you no matter what. Let's take care of the drama!  June honey I promise everything will be easier.    I'm feeling very poetic today so I'm sure there will be some poems up later.  Carl is stoping by so we will see what he thought of gloria drilling the hell out of him with a million and one questions yesterday.  See why he's been up here every day for the last week and why he insists on telling me he is not looking for a girlfriend everytime he sees me, like he feels the need to dig it in deeper.  At least he's starting to feel more comfortable here.  That's a change of pace.  He's calling me just about every day.  Coming up here every chance he gets.  Yet he's not looking for a girlfriend.  I really don't get it.  It's supposed to be day time friends night time lovers not day time lovers and night time friends.  I really don't want him as a boyfriend right now, I'm not looking for that.  I have one of those that i can still get rid of if I feel the need to.  I'm not sure what i want.  I know that it can't get a whole lot worse then where it is right now.  I know there is better out there.  So realize a few things.  If I didn't have to worry about my bills at the house and still be able to do what i do.  Let you be able to do what you do.  There wouldn' be anyone else in my bed ever.  That's all I'm looking for right now is to be taken care of.  Not great, not even well of, just ok is good for now.  Need all the bills caught up and paid.  I can stay current.  Need to know you are going to be there when I need you, just like I am there for you.  You can have my heart.  I'm not asking alot.  Not even for a committment.  Just so I know everything will be ok is all i'm asking without changing my lifestyle.  Things can change and will change if I know just that much.  Nothing needs to change between you and me I don't want it to really, just a little bit acknowledgement that this is more than a fuck every once in a while would be nice.    I know virgos don't tell you anything and expect you to just know it all ready.  Certain things like saying i'm sorry, or i love you, or I really want to spend more time with you, please just accept me for who I am and everything will be fine, no virgo can ever say.  They are very stubborn and have more walls than a county jail.    They are very jealous people without ever telling you they are jealous.  They normally have a great sense of humor and have to be the center of attention.. Let me know how close I am.  Think I've dated a few?    I'm a sagittarrius.  Very forgiving.  Very understanding, creative, open minded, and funloving.   I'm telling you how to change things.. If you want them to change..  Getting the middle man out of the picture is not as hard as you think.  You just gotta step up to the plate.  I'm not asking for a whole lot.  Now it's up to you!  Time is ticking and neither one of us are getting any younger.  You do what you gotta do.  You know where I stand it's really that simple.  I'm not changing you or trying to change you.  You're a virgo  I wouldn't want to change you anyway I like you just the way you are.