Ok I know this is going to sound like an Allie rant, but I'm going crazy again.  Carl was being such a jerk.   I tell him that "I'm gonna stay until I find someone better".. "Until you find someone better huh?"  "Ya until someone better says leave him, I'm stayin put."  No response.. I wanna kill him somedays.  Brian is an emotional wreck.  I've been so horny there is nothing that is working.  I gotta get this female out of my head before I got out to iowa.  I really don't wanna do that.  If that's what it takes.  I can't handle this anymore.  If you guys all thought I was a whore when I lived at Star's you ain't seen nothing yet.. It's like I've gone in to heat or something.  It's totally uncontrolable.  Even when I do get it it's VERY good but i'm still just ok.  I mean I know it's awesome.  I'm never knocking Brian for being bad in bed.  I would be lying.  It;s not him at all.  My sex drive is through the roof right now.  This moon cycle is very rough on me i'm goin to be happy to see it go.  Matt has made me realize that I have not had a woman since Cher was out back in July.  Now I'm really craving her.. This is SOOOOO not a good thing!  What the hell is wrong with me?  I think about it 24-7.  I'm starting to day dream about it in the car.  I mean it's not like I'm afraid to be with another woman or anything.  She's not even all that great in bed.. I meean she's good but not AWESOME.  I think that's my problem the only awesome one I've had that's curbed my appetite is Allison and for what ever reason she's not interested anymore.  I think Jim has brainwashed her to not having energy about anything.  I want my best friends back.  I think Me allison and Gloria should all just get an apartment together.. Me and allison share a bedroom.  That's it.  I miss my best friends.  I know life goes on but why are we all stuck in these dead end relationships and all of us are just DONE.  I mean really done.  If I could take my two best friends with me and move us all in the same place together i think I would be in heaven.  I would finally really be at peace.  Allison would be happy without jim.  Gloria would be happy without Steve.  I'd be happy as long as I could be with allison or gloria and not be with brian.. Before you flip Glor that might not have sounded right.  I really don't feel like over explaining myself but since I just opened up a can I might as well whoop ass on it huh?  In Katy's perfect world Gloria would make steve take fucking responsibility for once in his whole pathetic life and just leave Allison would really realize that she's just ok but not happy by far and CONSTANTLY broke ecause of bad decision HE's made. I would realize that I really am just settling. We'd all move out move in together in to a big 2 bedroom. Be each other's support. Start over.. Do the next 30 years right. Find me a woman that I can be happy with (but that's too much to ask) A booty call that doesn't treat me like a piece of shit (but that's too much to ask) then again this is my perfect world