Oh yay I am so thrilled...    Sagittarius Romance Scope Female Sat Jan. 10, 2004  The day's significant planetary aspect makes you certain of one thing, and that is that you are not sure what is going on between you and your sweetest love. No matter what angle you view the situation from, it just does not seem to make any sense. Perhaps instead of wracking your brains, you would be better to cease speculating, and allow the situation to unfold of its own accord.  Hey Glor.. Call me if you get around to it I know u are at work, just whenever.  So I must blog about the most bizarre day.. I wake up to an Email from Michigan Jeff asking how wedding plans were.. My response was as if you care... Last time I talked to you you were a total jerk.  How are you an nympha? Still together??    The other Jeff  Foxtrot: OMG hi Me: hi Me: ??? Jeff: I dunno just wanted to say hi *ignore *Send   This is how my morning started, followed by...   Me: Hello Carl: I'll stop by and see ya later Me: ok call me when you get close  Michelle stops over and we talk to eric.  There IS a Katy journal.  So I don't think I am giving this journal back until I get mine.  Carl shows up about 3:00.. Steve (Gloria's Bitch) shows up about 4:15.. Leaves  4:20 Todd calls.. Hey we are on our way.. Ok where are you.. Not quite to 41 yet 4:45 Bill and TODD show up  Me: Bill, Carl, Carl, Bill Bill: What's up??   Me: nothing sitting here chillin' Bill: think Brian can help me move? Me: Probably Me: HI!   Todd: Um hellloooo??? Me: Carl, Todd, Todd, Carl   Todd: Nice to meet you Carl: ya Bill: When's Brian's getting off work? Me: 8:30 Todd: Nice meeting ya.. I'll see ya later?? Me: Ya maybe Bill: Have Brian call me  They leave Carl: He's not competition Me:pffffffffft  Ok so carl leaves about 5:45.  I call Tommy.. I have some KICK SERIOUS ASS WEED!   HAIL TO TOMMY!!!!!!!!!!  As I'm hanging up with Tommy, the phone beeps.. Because I don't have call waiting caller id I have business voice on..   Me: Katy can I help you? Caller: Katy? Me: yaaa??? caller: Do you know who this is? Me: I know who it sounds like caller: Who does it sound like? me: James? James: ya Me: OMG how the hell have you been? James: Don't you wanna know how I got your number? Me: ya that would work James: You called me about my jeep Me: man I knew that was wierd.. Chris's last name showing up on my caller ID James: I'm with Mark's ex Me: AHHH that makes sense James: Ya, I knew it was you but I didn't want to say anything in front of her  Have I mentioned Tommy is God?  So Todd comes in to check out his competition because he's all ready asked about Carl's truck..  So, I was really suprised he had balls enough to actually come in and check it out.  My ex Jeff can't just seem to understand that I have been to michigan probably 5 times since we split up and not one of those times did I call and tell him I was in town.  There was a good reason for that.   I'M DONE!!!   Leave me alone!  How many more times do I gotta tell ya to go away.. I know for a fact you read my blog so just go away.  Why are you doing this to yourself still?? why can't you just GET IT.. You always said Doug never got it.  Now take a look.  YOU will NEVER get it.. Sleep with my blanket every night and wish I was there I don't really care what you do just go away.  You took any possessions I had left from woodstock for yourself.  It's your bed you lie in it with MY blanket on there still.  You really have a lot of growing up to do.  Do you like fucking Nympha on MY blanket, on the bed that WE bought together for an apartment you could no longer stand to live in after I was gone.. Let's review why I left in the first place.. Oh ya cause you didn't want to get a divorce.  So when you try to make ME look like the bad person to who ever u feel you should just remember this.. I gave up just as much as you did, I hurt the one that loved me no matter what, left all my friends and my family, to be with you, and the thanks I got was me realizing that I meant nothing to you.  I just want to thank you for realizing why I left you in the first place.. Phew, now that I got that off my chest.. I feel much better!  Anywho, sex with brian is getting better and better.. good thing I'm marrying the guy huh?