Allie,      Honey, I know if I were in teh same situation you'd be there for me.  I'm not in the least bit irritated by you.  As a matter of fact, it's mornings like these that make me miss michigan and being only 20 minutes away.  I hate seeing you like this.  It scares me.  I'm here for you just like you are ther for me.  I owuldn't hae it any other way.  Just becareful.. You are way too young to not look at all your options.  Don't make the same mistakes I made.  I love you with all my heart.  Just be smart.  Take care of #1 and 2, he's #3 in this equation.  Make sure u are there for good reasons and not just because you feel sorry for him.  the relationship will never work out... Look what happened to me and Joe... That's why I stayed with him for so long.  Be good to yourself! {{{{{{{{{{Allie Girl}}}}}}}}  Ok I must tell you about my awesomest day ever, I think EVER!!!  Partied a little at Tommy's last night.  Picked up some AWESOME weed.  Hail to Tommy!!  Dropped off an o on the way home Bam $200... Got home porn was on, got stoned, fucked for 2 hours.. Went to bed.. Marla Calls.. Get up and go online until she gets here.  Karen was online.  Flirted with her for like an hour waited wtil marla got here $60.. went back to bed.. Played with brian until Todd calls at 11:15... Brian looses all momentum, answers the phone when todd calls as he's doing me telling him to jsut get over here.  Couldn't get back goign.. He goes in the shower but before that I tell him "If I'm fucking todd when he gets out it's his fault".  His response ok. I slowly started to freak out as my body starts to shake from his response.  I clarified that with him before he stepped in the shower.  Todd gets here..  Me: You're not going to believe what just happened Todd: What Me: When youcalled he was fucking me... Lost all momentum.. apologizes goes to hop in the shower.. I tell him if i am fucking you when he gets out he says it's ok...   Todd: shut up he did not Me: Ask him Todd: ok I will Todd:  Did you say it was ok for me to fuck her? Brian:  I'm suprised her robe was still on Todd: well I didn't believe her adn I really have no time.  Program his card gives me a hug he leaves. Gary flies in $20. Brian gets dressed to leave. Says he has no problems if me and todd do anything. I'm very shakey legged by the whole idea. He's walking out the door and I tell him he's dead on sunday.. He goes I know.  I'm banking on it and that he hopes I get some of it out of my system.  As if that wasn't good enough...  Gloria stopped by.. we are ok.. At least for the time being... Showed her the survey.  Thought it was cool.. Where's carl been??  The phone rings and it's carl.  He's in town and coming up.. Gloria leaves $60  Kathy shows up, $15.  Jimmy shows up.. All but like $100 of rent.  Carl will be here $60 Linda $30.. Rent paid..  David is right here.. Gonna go to Ikea I hope I hope I hope.  Stop at unfuckers AGAIN with his box... By then Carl should be here.. Could this day get any better?