Well the last hug of the year was Todd.. AWww how cute!  Brian and I fucked in the new year the way it should be!  I get to see carl Tuesday.  Edder stopped by and said he's done selling!  I can't believe it!  Good for him!  I support all my friends in EVERYTHING they do.. Good bad or otherwise..  So this year I am running this like a business.  $428 outstanding and rent is due today $500.  This is out of control!  No one owes me a lot of money.  But $25 adds up.  I'm going to resort to posting it on my blog until shit is paid.  After getting totally  blown off from everyone it's time to reevaluate friendships again.  That's my new years resolution to myself.  The longer I sit and think about it the more pissed off i get.  We made it a point to go see Gloria and Bill for new year's eve when we didnt' REALLY want to leave in the first place.  We wanted to be back and done by 6 but oh well no big deal.  Stopped and bought about $30 in alcohol for everyone to blow me off... So I'm just VERY aggervated!    I think this is the first time In a year that I haven't talked to Gloria.  It kills me.  I'm not going to be walked over by anyone anymore.  It's not just you Glor.  Please just let me finish before my phone rings.  David does the same shit once that T bird is paid off I'm DONE.  When I'm done it's not pretty.  I feel like there isn't a person around me that hasn't treated me like shit for no reason whatso ever but that just doesn't have any respect for anyone around them.  I give someone a $125 hard to find car part and instead of putting it in the house they leave it on the engine of thier car with the hood up basically saying please take me.  I'm not supposed to be mad about that, or about getting completely blown off.  David continuously blows me off for HOURS AND HOURS and then I am supposed to drop everything for him.. I'm done.. If brian wants to spend any time with bill he has to go up there!  He's lucky he's moving.  Allison constantly blows me off on a weekly basis.  The only one i can totally count on anymore seems to be Rich, Allie and Michelle when she's not in school.  Then you all wonder why I am best friends with Rich... Hummm lets see...  Tonyhas fallen of the face of the earth again.. Guess he found himself a new piece of ass so I'm just the girl he used to know all over agian.    I'm over emotional today.. I guess it's that time of the month or something.  So take that in to consideration..  That doesn't change the fact that people's behaviors that I care VERY deeply about are hurting me very much and no one takes 5 minutes to give a shit!  I'm mother hen WAY too much.. I really gotta not give a shit.. How do you do that with people that have changed my life so much thatI'm not sure who I'd be with out them.  I know right nwo I'm miserable with most fothem but it's like they say abotu family.. You gotta love them not necessarily like them... Good moto to live by