Well, been an eventful week.   Last Friday - I had a dream I was foxhunting Arlynd.. Haven't seen him in like 4-5 years haven't talked to him in 6-7... (there's a reason I'm telling you this)   Last Sunday - Car broke down, ran it out of gas, asked Jeff to come help me, he didn't because he thought I was lying to him so I can use his Lincoln I can't stand to drive, and take that out to chicago which I have never done before.  So because I was hound him fo ran answer as to why he can't trust me and why he would think I'd lie about that he called me a cunt.  Not only a cunt but actually Can't Understand Normal Thinking came out of his  mouth.. Mind you he's the one telling me that I'm lying about a car breaking down.   Monday - Treked out to Chicago with a few things, LOUD music some clothes and a plan.  I decided to move out to chicago but do it slow and make sure all the dominoes are in order.  So after rehashing a few options I thought I had I realized I didn't have many.     On the way stopped at the 104 and fixed my c.b. he r.f. gain knob was all fucked up and fixed the broken roger beep switch. (pay attn.) Called Jeff cause he beeped me.  He sounded apologetic and genuinely sorry for being a cock.   So I'm west bound 94 hitting the state line.  Can't listen to 19 cause a mudhopper on 6 is wipping out the channel.  So I fly down to 6 to see who it is.  I'm listenin to Dr J wipe me out from california.  Way out in the weeds I hear shotgun shotgun shotgun.  Not thinking much of it.  357 shotgun.  Still not thinking much about it.  I'm listening to this guy, and trying to get a hold of high plains drifter, no luck... So anyway I'm listening to shotgun for a good hour now I'm up near 294 and Irving Park.  Finally he goes " I got up I go tout I got gone."  My heart stopped I swear to god.  I screamed so loud!  I keyed up screaming for him "Bad Ass, Lady 12" repeatedly.  Kept keying for him until I finally got a hold of him mind yo this was at peterson and 83.  So he finally goes "who keeps calling me".  Told him "you are such an addiction", I think he was as shocked as I was!  We met up at the Wendy's on Peterson and 45.  God he looked so good.  I got the biggest hug.  I almost started crying.  We grabbed a bite to eat.  Decided to go watch the Bears and Packers play (Brett Farve is a cutie!).     I picked up Bill first figuring that Arlynd would blow me off.  Went to Joyce's continued to get REALLY drunk.  Arlynd showed up about an hour later.  My heart stopped again when he walked in the bar.  We talked for a long time.  Bill and i talked about him and Kel, Arlynd talked about me and him and the whole Dawn mess.  I told him he's not gonna be able to get rid of me this time.  He said "it's all good!"  Made me feel better.    About 1:30am Doug shows up.  Met Shannon, she reminds me of someone but not sure who.  She seems ok i guess.  I dragged him outside gave him his dogtags.  We hugged for like 3 minutes.  Got a great kiss.  We went back inside.  I wasn't about to leave with him when I had Arlynd next to me.  Especially when I was drunk.  If I ws sober that'd be different prolly.     I remember leaving the bar, taking Bill home, dropping off my car at mom and dad's hopping in to Arlynd's van, and opening the front door of Arlynd's house.  Don't remember the trip there though :).  I suddenly remembered why he was such an addiction in the first place.  A beautiful 9 inches, and talented OMG!!!   Tuesday - Talked to Starr about moving in over there.  So that seems to be the best option.  After that got all settled in I went and watched the girls shoot.  Bonnie did awesome! Hung out with Little Kelly and Bill.   Wednesday - Contemplated exactly how I was going to go about doing everything.  Hung out with Rich for a short.     Thursday - Started calling on jobs, found a recording engineer job.  If nothing else I think I got the website account.   Friday - Moved my clothes over to Starr's, put together her desk for my puter, moved a couch to the garage moved a recliner upstairs.  Went out to eat with Starr.  Decided for some STRANGE reason to come back to Michigan.  I came across an expedite van does local trips.  Thinking I'm gonna go for coffee with him and see if he wants some company sometime, seems nice enough, was very polite, does a lot of trips between michigan and illinois, still gives me a little freedom and a chance to see jeff, possibly a free trip with stuff  .     So there's my week in a nutshell.