Below are a few poems that has captured my heart and has been the inspiration for 80% of my poetry.  When I find the rest I will post them.. Poetry is the way to my heart and soul..  Without it we are dead.  If you read thes then read MY poems you will have a good understanding of who I am.  I am working on figuring out how to link my archieved poetry.  The entire list should be accessable by the end of the project.  I think I will start up another blog that is poetry of the heart.. That would be the poetry that makes me write and feel the way I do.  Sometimes you can not put in to words what your feel because someone else has all ready written it.  Have fun enjoy.  Expand your mind for a little bit.    Amazing how productive I can be when I am really stoned. Never once in a hundred million years would I have thought that really good weed will make me this productive.  I cleaned off my desk and taped down Gloria's kid's pictures.  This way I can always keep my eye on them even when I am not there.  I need a pic of Brandon..  Maybe I'll come up there and snap a bunch of pictures for you and me.  I really hate being this far away.  It really does kill me I can't watch my kids grow up.  I really feel in my heart you and I could raise these kids a whole lot better than having Steve there.  They don't need a dad like that around them Glor. They need a stable enviroment.  I might not be the best answer, but I'm going to do my best to give those kids everything they deserve.  A good chance in life.  I'm gonna get this shit giong if it's the last thing I do.  I will do EVERYTHING it takes to get rid of steve.  Not for any other reason but the fact that you deserve so much better and you are cutting yourself VERY short by dealing with him.  I know financially you can't do it on your own YET.  I promise that will change!  I promise I will make it easy for you to leave him when the time is right.  It;s going to be a lot sooner than later.  I realized this week that I need you and the kids in my life to make me happy and right nwo honestly that's all that matters to me.  So everything I'm doing now is to help us have a better 30 years than the lst and realy learn from our mistakes.  Just have a little faith in me.  I pray everyday that God gives me enough strength to do what my heart tells me I should have been doing all along.  All I need is a little faith to tell me that what I am doing is right.  Allie I love you so much.  I'm so blessed to have you in my life.  You are truely the most honest to God down to earth sweetest thing I have ever met.  You have the biggest heart out of everyone I know.  You are as forgiving as I am, and that is hard to find in a person.  You are truely a work of art that is absolutely priceless and wouldn't have it any other way.  God has blessed you with someone as important as you are to me.  Do the right thing.  Stop smoking cigarettes, get yourself some really good weed and realize that now is the time make your life yours and not listen to the voices in your head.  You have been blessed with a child like I have been blessed with the best friend in the whole wide world.  Don't be wreckless.  Be good to yourself and it will come back to you ten times fold.  David you are truely my angel sent from heaven.  I mean that from teh very bottom of my soul.  I know everything will be ok.  I'm not sure how, but everything seems to work itself out.  I know you can see right through me.  For the first time ever I am not afriad of that.  There is a lot of comfort in that.  II know you knwo what i am thinking without even saying a word.  It's taken me a life time to find a friend like that.  I'm going to do everything in my power to never let you go.  Carl if you want in my life prove it.  I can't handle this silent treatment control freak stuff you are pulling on me.  You are ripping me apart.  Just stop.  We are either friends or not.  My door is open it's up to you.  Whatever you think this is will come to a really fast end if you don't start telling me why you close me out so fast.  So just knock it off!  I don't want you out of my life, but if this is how you treat your friends I'd rather be your enemy.  I'm not sure why you are so scared.  Whatever the reason is you better get over it.  This can turn in to just a business relationship really fast.  If that's the way you wantit that's the way it will be.  Just gotta say the word.  I know this is over mushy and a tad out of character.  I've been very self absorbed last few weeks and I'm sorry for that.  Right now I'm just doing what I have to do.  All I'm asking for is a whole lot of patience right now from everyone to realize I'm not trying to be cold hearted or stand offish.  I'm trying to tie up loose end relationships with other people.  I'm trying to make Arlyn realize that Wendy is the best thing that's EVER happened to him.  I got rid of Rich all together.  The rest of the crew I know isn't going anywhere anytime soon and that's all good.  I'm opening some of my life up back to Michigan Jeff, not for anything more than a business deal.  I realized that i really miss him, but I don't miss us.  If that makes any sense to anyone.