first off...  thank u Gloria 4 u're words of encouragement.  they r much appreciated.  ;oD    second:  KATY WHEN R U COMING HOME?  I MISS U DAMNIT!!!!  & U NEVER CALLED ME BACK U ASS!!!  ;oP  thirdly,  they cancelled my damn appointment.  okee, so i could finally breathe when they called 45 minutes b4 i was supposed 2 be there & told me this.  but it pisses me off cuz my blood pressure went up 4 no damn reason, i was on the fucking verge of a panic attack 4 half the fucking day 4 NO DAMN REASON, & i found out this appointment is not with the doctor, but with a nurse, who will oh-so-graciously talk 2 me about pregnancy, show me a video & take my blood.  gee thanks, u think maybe i could actually get in2 see a living breathing doctor b4 i actually give birth?  i mean really, this is fucking rediculous.  i'm estimating that i'm about 3 months pregnant now & don't u think that maybe...JUST MAYBE it would be more productive 2 have an exam than 2 watch a stupid movie?  maybe my priorities r messed up, but it seems completely logical 2 me.  on another note, i have not shit in FIVE DAYS.  yes, i've been throwing up quite frequently but still i think i get the equivalent of at least one meal down me a day.  this means there r FIVE MEALS just sitting inside me, festering, poisoning me.  no wonder i'm fucking puking.  anyway, 2day i bought some metamucil apple crisp wafers (which i swear r made of glycerine or something as they turn 2 some sort of thick jello-y substance once chewed & remain stuck 2 u're teeth until u sandpaper it off with u're toothbrush), & a box of all-bran (u know, that cereal made entirely of twigs - u'd think they'd have the decency 2 at least grind them up & process them in2 some shape other than a stick) which i will proceed 2 eat the whole damn box of if these metamucil jello 'wafers' do not do the trick by 2morrow morning.  i am in pain & i feel like my fucking abdomen is going 2 explode.  i KNOW 4 a fact the all bran will make me shit cuz when i was about 14 (& locked in  he looney bin, 4bidden 2 throw up thier marshmellow & coleslaw suprise) my roomate & i got this bright idea that we'd go on an all all-bran diet.  well, about an hour after lunch we were both glued 2 the toilet, the twigs running though us like water.  who knew sticks were good 4 anything?  4 some reason we continued on that diet anyway 4 the next day & a half, afterwards reverting back 2 puking 2gether in our waste basket & stealthily sneaking the bag in2 the bathroom under our robes & dumping the guck in2 the toilet 2-3 times daily.  so much 4 24 hour observation ;oP.    i know everyone in the WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD wanted 2 hear all about that, so i gladly obliged.  until next time: have a beautifully wonderful life & 4 God's sake, SMOKE A WHOLE FUCKING OUNCE 4 ME!!!