Started when brian left on Friday and I have been going non stop ever since.  It's so not like me to sit at home.  Really it's not.  That's why I had to join pool.  At least it's 4 people I geniunely like.  Friday this place was a fucking mad house.  I turned over total 735 in 1 hour.  That' no lie.  Everyone and thier mother were here.  Who didn't show up last night seems to be showing up tonight.  Which is fine except i'm dry.    Carl came out last night.  All I can say is he makes me very happy.  Him just being here.  Just chillin on the couch talkin' makes me happy.  I really don't want anything more han what we have.  What we have is PERECT.  I think he's realized that i am reall ok with him and I.   He was able to relax for the first time in a long time.  That was very comforting.  What am I going to do about brian?  God I wish I really knew.  I'm taking in alot of advice about how to handle it.  I think he's just not going to be able to be here on the weekends.  I can't be an overgrown babysitter 24-7-356.  I can't he's burning me out.  If he doesn't leave on the weekends all we do is fight.  I hate fighting.   Really I do.  I just can't handle the stupidity anymore.  I'm done being wierd about it.  It's really just time to let him go for a while.  He's gotta learn how to live without me.  I'm not kicking him out.  Just need my weekends.  if it comes down to i can't even handle him for a few days that's when i know it's over.  Talked to bill about him.  He was actually very comforting for the first time ever.  actually gained a little respect for him.  Not alot but some.  Saturday thus far...... Took David's mom, sister and niece to the airport.  Went out to unfuckers sat and chit chatted with him for a while.  I so love him I really do.  When he finally does pass away I'm REALLY gonna miss him.  He's like the grandpa I never had.  I know it won't be too long.  He looked horrible today.  Even gave him a hug just because.. normally don't do that.  I'm waiting on Brian to get home so me him and steve can go out for dinner.  I'm not sure where he thinks we are going to eat on valentine's day but whatever.  After that I'm going out with Juan from pool.. Need to just get out of the house for a while with some intelligent conversation..  Wish wendy was coming out.  I REALLY wish carl would come out.  I really don't see that happening.  There's the defense mechinism kicking in.  That's ok me and Juan will go hang out.  He;s very cool.. Now that I'm starting to get to know him I like him even more.  Not to mention he's a really good pool player.  Even better!  But no worries guys he's JUST a friend and I know he doesn't have a girlfriend so I figured might as well see if he's busy.  Seeing as how David is in Orlando, Brian has Steven, and Carl had 3 hockey games and working today.  Edder is down at the auto show waiting for him to show up so I can push it over.  Gonna go to Joyce's and shoot some pool with Juan I think.