last night we made a trip 2 media play.  alan wanted 2 get some role playing/adventure game thingie.  kept telling me how cool it would be cuz we could play it 2gether.  well, turns out he just wanted 2 create worlds.  kinda like me with the sims.  so...  the thing ended up being $40 & we didn't get it, but instead he bought me Harry Potter & the Chamber of Secrets.  it was only $10.  i waited 'til 7:30 this morning 2 grab the puter.  yes, i have my laptop but the thing seems 2 have developed a strong dislike of me & either freezes or shuts itself off at the worst moments possible, so i tend 2 just leave it be.  anyway, i'm SOOO looking 4ward 2 playing this game on a system that kicks everyone else's ass.  i install it - no problems.  then go 2 start the game.  'plaese enter the cd-rom'  ok... well, obviously the cd is in the damn drive because i used the auto run 2 get 2 the start-up screen.  it goes as far as 2 give me the screen that says 'register'; 'play'; 'quit'; 'tech support' & then when i click play i get that stupid 'please insert cd in2 the cd-rom drive'.  FUCK U!!!  FUCK U & U'RE DAMN MAGIC SPELLS.  WHAT KINDA WIZARD R U THAT U CAN'T EVEN START UP A GAME?  okee.  so it sucks ass.  i was sooooo incredibly dissapointed.  around lunch i called alan & told him.  stupid stupid fucking game.  he asks me what i want him 2 do about it.  well, nothing, considering he's at work.  (which sucks ass as well seeing as it's valentine's day & it just sucks in general that he has 2 work on the weekends).  he tells me 2 try it in my laptop.  so...  after reading 4 awhile & trying 2 (unsuccessfully) repress my extreme nausea i finally install it in the stupid fucking piece of shit laptop that cost 3 times more than my dad's car & it works.  it even starts.  i get all in2 the game, been playing 4 like a half hour & then harry just WON'T MOVE.  i'm yelling at him like an idiot, "Harry, what the hell is wrong with u?"  "c'mon harry.... FUCKING MOVE!!!!" & then the puter decides 2 shut it'self off.  yup.  like magic.  damn harry 2 hell.  so now i'm sitting here with no cable (which means no abfab).  no harry.  no alan.  & the most severe nausea i've had in weeks (actually - last night was the worst.  i was so nauseous my vision was blurring & then when we came home from dinner i was gonna cut up some beef heart 4 the fish & barely made it 2 the sink b4 i projectile vomitted all around the sink, on the curtains & up the kitchen window.  actually - i was kinda funny.  funnier still that the sight & smell of vomit doesn't make me puke but the smell of beef heart does).  i'm just waiting 4 him 2 get home now so i can give him the FIVE DOLLAR card i got him (one of the cheapest they had if u can believe it & i didn't even go 2 hallmark), the bouncing devil & the year's suplly of chocolate covered cherries.    s'cuse me, have 2 puke again.