Well if I GAVE you this link then welcome to my next 30 yeras.  If you don't have this link then there is a REALLY good reason why not.  But then you wouldn't be reading this unless you were a blog surfer.  If that's the case then you are in for a treat.  I have all my friends blogs, poetry and lyrics listed on the right.  I needed to get rid of dead weight and decided that this was the only way to do it.  Just get a new address.  This way all them damn aol people will just leave me alone.  Rich is GONE, Foxtrot GONE, Kat GONE, Eric GONE Michigan Jeff GONE, as well as a few others that just don't seem to get it.  Oh yea and Brian and Bill will be S.O.L. too.  shit happens!  Now i can talk freely about Brian without the worry that Bill will tattle on me.  I can speak more freely in general without hurting people's feelings cause I tal about them.  It's needed to be done for quite some time now.  I know I'm such a Sagi procrastinator.  Life should run MUCH smoother now.  I just can't stand having to run and hide from people because they won't go away.  This way I am only running from the ones I want to run from and should have run from years ago.  All these people I mentioned have just been dead weight.  Time to bury them alive (so to speak).    I will be getting everyone prideintheheart.com email addresses as soon as I get my shit together from being gone.  I will help you set up your outlook on your puter to recieve emails on that account.  Look out you might actually get a real address book. ANYHOW... When I get home I will be putting up prideintheheart.com webpages and ask you to fill out my survey.  IT will be a good thing to do even if it takes you forever.  It will give you an insight to what you are looking for out of life as well as a look back on things you love.  I should be home Wednesday night late.  The house is all painted waiting on Jimmy to do an inspection.  Once that is done I'm so kicking Brian out.  He's really just too dumb.  Honest.  I just can't stand to talk to him now even.  He's just annoying.  He's a buzzkill.  He's just DONE.  He's so far done that he doesn't even know it because I care that little about getting rid of him.  Ryan is gonna end up helping me out when I go out of town.  The cats love him to death and he likes them.  MOST of you know him so the ones that don't should.  He's gonna be might right hand man cause I need someone to do it and Layla and Lonnie like him.    If rich calls any of you or asks you any questions about me tell him to drop dead!  He sent me a very serious threat letter after nottalking to him for 3 months.  Saying that he is contacting authorities and such, including my parents.  So I told my parents to just ignore him.  I told Joyce just to ignore him.  I have an email I sent to Rich in reply basically saying if you are that lonely get a life and leave me alone.  So, there's no reason to be nice to him.  Just go for it all those years of frustration u can lay on him he's free game.  If any of my officers are rading this you can take him off my list!  Mikey you got your wish, have at it!   David and I are going to the farm the weekend after Easter.  All parties interested in joining me better speak up now.  Don't say I  never invite you guys.  I should be doing concrete cleaning applications for David starting next week.  Hopefully working for my dad next week too.  At least getting excel up and running so I can do it if they want me to.  If anyone's been to Kay's you know what I am talking about by her house needs some Random Madnees but not a whole damn house's worth.  I think I am going to go over there and start purging old files and such.  I'm sitting in Ty's office doing email and blogging and stuff so u can all still get me on David's cell.  I should have my own Nextel cell by monday.