I called Carl at like 1:30 in the morning when I got out of the bar.  I know he was in Sand Diego when I called.  I left an I miss you message.  I'm not sure what happened in between then and when I went to sleep but he was here in the morning.  Stayed until about 11.  Brian came home.  He left.  Brian and I fought from 11am til about 2pm.. He was very mean.  Very over emotional.  Admitted to lying to me about school, and about a lot of other things too.  His last words out of the house were if you want your space fine you can have it and left.  All I asked him was if he got a form in the mail saying that he was not eligible for EIN.  I thought that was a pretty yes or no answer.  He's like no what dont' u believe me?  I'm like um no I just was wondering if they gave you any forms saying u are no longer eligible.  He got all mad at me for "accusing him" of lying.. He just can't really understand. He made that very evident today. I really can not do this anymore.  I decided on the awesome house out in island lake.  I need all my resources right now for $1000 to move in by the 15th.  So after hanging out with David from like 3:00 - 8:00 or so Carl calls.  He's on his way up.  Allison shows up and leaves Ryan leaves by like 8:30 Carl's here by then.  He knows I'm really done with Brian now.  I actually took him in to the bedroom.  All I can say is ALLLLLLL fucking righty then!  Should have done it months ago... Called Glor, called Wendy, called Bitch Dave, Trisha called from new york.  Somewhere in the mix of all that......... oh lord here we go AGAIN.... I'm talking to foxtrot again.  I really have come to the conclusion that I am not going to close my doors to anyone when they seem genuine.  I told him all the things I've been preaching about the last few months.  He was like I think i can handle that.  I called carl before I got on here and told him that I really enjoyed our time today and it was 2:30 in the morning and I wanted him to be the last thought before bed.. So there he is once again.  All warm and fuzzy added lyrics for foxtrot.. Gonna add some for carl tomorrow.