Plan of attack for all of you to see.  If anyone wants to get in my way please give it a try.  I need a little bit of drama.  Brian's gone.. an't and won't handle him anymore.  Strictly business.  Nothing more ever.  That's first plan.   Today I was at an ultimate higher understanding of life for some reason.  It's like someone slapped me with a astck upside the head and everythign came together almost poetically.  I sat down last night and wrote carl a long ass email about a business proposal to him at least in very basic terms for now.  If he bites at it he bites at it.  If he doesn't he can go fuck himself. I'm tired of playing games.  Time to put up or shut up.  I'm not even sweating anything physical I'm going thru.  All that shit it completely irrevant to anything else going on in my head.  I wrote my father a business proposal today that he will not be able to refuse.  here's that letter:  I thought this would be the easiest way to get things started.  I'll offer you something you can accept it or decline it without being put on the spot.  Typing letters like these are much easier for everyone.   My offer: I will do as much or as little number chasing as you need me to do.  As long as my rent is automatically paid to my land lady $700 a month in a check written to her directly so i dont' even see it and half my cable internet bill $30 for a total of $730 a month keep up on my car insurance and cover the cost of ink and paper you got me doing whatever it takes to help this be a sucessful venture.  I have other supplemental income to cover my other expenses.  I just need to not worry about my rent so I can focus on working for you and not worrying about it.  I think that's a VERY fair trade.  I'm just asking to be ok and I'll make sure I help take some of the weight off your plates.  Make everything easier for everyone.   Please feel free to counter offer any part of this proposal as far as I'm concerned it's a done deal.  These are my terms but always negotiable.  Feel free to alter them if you feel they don't suit everybody's needs.  If there is a tax purose to discuss I don't mind making other income to suit the govt.s needs you know what's better and easier as far as that is concerned I understand that could be an issue if you wish it to be.  otherwise we can write off the $700 as office rent the $30 as utilities and and the paper and ink off as supplies and I earn any income over that in a check with taxes or if u want to write it off as labor or what.  That's all up to you I don't really care how it gets handled.  What's easier for everyone is good enough for me.  Give it some thought and get back to me and we'll start taking care of business at hand.  Very simple!   You guys are the best and I am looking forward to making this an adventure that makes everyone some money.  I hope that you put a little faith in me and let me prove toyou what I can do.  All I'm asking for is to give me a chance.  So Anyway not only did I write this letter i sent it off.  That was the hardest thing for me to write that I have ever had to write before.  I thought the letter to Carl was tough.  That was easy compared tothis.  Carl was right I did need to do it and get the ball rolling if I want anything to change.  Well today ws the day that I changed.  I'm not sure why I did it or even what caused me to do it but I think Most of it was what Carl was saying last time eh was here.  ThenI saw him a few days later and it made all the wondering about him worht my while.  Now I know why carl is in my life.  I finally really figured it out.  Carl's here to kick me in the ass and make me prove to myself i can do it instead of making everyone else worry about it.  He's been right all along.  It finally really sunk in.  So instead of talking aout it I did something about it.    Anyway, So My main goal is opening up a garage by next summer.  This way Roger is done with all his court bullshit, and he'll be okay to get the hell out of there with takign care of any financial situations he might be in.  Gloria will get out of her situation cause god knows I can't add and i need someone for my books.  Today was the first step in getting shit done.  I had to write it all down and show my dad I was serious for once in my life.  All i need is support of people that really want to either be with me or be done.  I don't care what you care to do.  It's up to you.  The dead weight is gone.  I really have 1 goal. that's to make my kid's lives better.  They might not be mine by blood but I'll be damned if i 'm gonna allow them to be a product of an evrioment that can't be fixed when i can do something to fix it.  Sorry Glor I know u weren't ready to hear that but I love them kids more than life itself and I just can't watch it anymore.  All the men in my life better figure it out right fast what the fuck you plan on doing. well Carl you and I have a different thing going and that's private matter.  But the rest of you all better step up to the plate.  I'm going places with or without you.  Either do what it takes or get the fuck out.  I need a man or a woman for that matter that will take two minutes and read what i'm typing right here right now because it's important.  I don't need an overgrown babysitting job.  I don't need a drama factory.  I am not looking to break up any homes that don't need to be broken up.  I'm not looking for a long term i love you relationship. All I need is someone to ground me out with some really good sex.  Is that so much to ask for?  A litle bit of mutual respect.  Understand that my life will not and can not revolve around you but u are not going to hold me back either.  All i need is for you to be in my life or not I can't handle games right now.  This goes to all the men in my life that seem to think I;m really retarted and am looking for a marriage and  kids and all that stuff.  All i need is some fucking support to tell me i'm doing something right instead of telling me i'm doing them wrong all the time.  Stop breaking promises stop breaking my heart.  I don't have time for love and kids and a family life right now.  I have more important things.  If you'd all just fucking understand. You knwo who I'm talking to.  All you loose end always coming in and out of my life relationships.  Really shit or get off the pot time.  Prove to me you deserve to be a part of my life and that I would want you in it money makes me happy right now that's all i can think about.  If you want to be a part of it fine if not more for me.  Figure it out let me know.  I'm done fucking around all ready.