Life's too short to spend it alone.  What you have always been looking for might be right in front of your face.  Money makes the world go around.  Love makes the heart still beat.  Not everyone is out to get you or get something from you.  Friends don't let friends dial/type/text message stoned or drunk.  Just when you think you're over someone something holy unbelieveable happens to make you think differently.  Breaking down walls isn't the hardest thing to do just takes patience and a good army.  Kids were put on this earth to make you feel young again.  Put your heart and head in to what you REALLY love and anything is possible.  Marijuana is a miracle drug.  Calms my nerves, helps me focus and normally cures my lower back and insomnia.  Ryan is my sense of humor.  David is my angel.  My dad is my rock.  My brother is my pride. My mom is always there for a hug.  Brian is everything I wish I could be inside.  Gloria is my voice of reason and best friend.  Allie is here to make me realize that I am not the only one that hears voices in my head.  Michelle is here so I have someone to talk to late at night among other reasons.  Arlyn is my test of patience.  Carl's here to fill some void everyone else has left behind when they left in MANY MANY ways.  Bitch Dave says all the right things at exactly the right time, he's my ego booster.  Wendy is here because someone up there knew I needed her to ground me out.  Mother Witch Catherine was here to teach me things I never thought imaginable.    My friends are all smoking REALLY good weed! muuuuuuuuuuuuuah  MSN, AOL, Norton, and most "firewalls" are viruses from hell.  I REALLY hate hardware.  Good things come to those who wait.  Better things come to those who do something about it.  A broken promise is a broken heart.  The way to my heart is a good back rub, good food, a movie or two, intelligent humor/conversation, and a phone call now and then to tell me u think about me, and AFTER you've achieved all that some REALLY good sex.  A storm is something you can not control that's what makes it so incredibly stimulating.  A short list of pet peeves: Liars, thieves, heart breakers, empty promises, procrastinators, workaholics, bible thumpers (keep it to yourself), Chevy worshipers, people that won't help themselves, people that are afraid to be themselves, people that are afraid to show ANY emotion whatsoever, people that don't just stop to see what's right in front of them.  Shit doesn't just happen you bring it upon yoruself.  If you never hear the words I'm sorry or I love you it's ok as long as they prove it to you.  Having sex, fucking and making love are 3 completely different things.  You might be doing one thing while your partner is doing something else.  The true meaning of making love when both of u are on the same page.  If you're sexuality is holding you back in life you need a new life.  Aquaintances come and go, true friends are there for life.  Even if life takes a different turn they will be there for you when you get back.  If you find yourself traveling to see someone you better make sure they are worth your time.  If you close your eyes and see thier face, or open them and wish they were right there you're in trouble.  Don't give your heart to the first girl you lay.  Assuming things makes an ass out of you.  If you want to know something just ask.  A child's laughter is the best sound in the whole world, the next best sound is absolute quiet.  It's not what you take when you leave this world behind you, it's what you leave behind you when you go.  Something's gotta give!  All I need a little bit of a break.  Life is about relationships with people.  If you don't ever understand yourself you will never understand people.  Blogging makes your mind stop racing!