You need back up.  She ran from me again you guys.  She even had Trina for back up.  You are such a chicken shit LOLOLOLOL.    We took 10 pts last night. I think that puts us in first. I think we only have 2 more weeks of monday.  Tonight is the last night of Tuesday pool, playing at home.  Wednesday is our last night of Wednesday night pool, playing at home.  I think I am mvp for Wednesday, and not too far off of mvp for Tuesday.  Too hot to handle this season.    Al called me at the bar last night claiming he "lost my numbers".  So I gave them to him again.  He always seems to know how to find me.    Dale and I had a really nice long heart to heart about the fact that Bonnie has an opprotunity to get that bar.  If he doesn't want to loose it to her he better get his head out of his ass, get rid of the dead weight, grow up, and do what he's supposed to do for once in his life or he's gonna loose it all.  So we'll see. He asked me if i was gonna be up there tonight.  God I hope he doesn't break up with Ana right in front of me.  I don't think I could handle that.    ANYhow, Bitch dave has resurfaced after I went over there and slapped him really hard for me and Tina.  He's got his phone back.  Maybe I'll quit bothering Roger LOLOL ya right (Beat it Beat it) LOLOL inside joke.    My house got rearranged.  The table is in the kitchen and the couch and tv in the computer area.  Works much better this way.    I guess I'm not going up to the farm this weekend after all : (.  Broken promises are getting really old really fast.  I really don't think he realizes that it's very hard for me to tell my parents no.  Oh well.  I really need an at home money weekend anyway.  David's going out to Detroit, and for once I really don't wanna go.  I just saw allie a few weeks ago and have 0 desire to see jeff ever again.  So it's rather pointless.    Bitch Dave is confiscating one night this weekend.  Me him and his son Brian are going to see Jersey Girl.  I can't believe how big his kids are getting.  I think I might actually go brat sit Gloria's kids on Sunday so she can do at least one family thing without them this year.  I might just have her bring them here tho.  They are much better behaved.  Nothing major going on tho so I'll be home most of the weekend.