So I get home from Toronto and I had Brian here at like 3 am.  So after he goes to work at 6am the phone rings about noon and it's carl.  He was just "in the area".  So he stopped by.  we didn't play or anything.  I told him that I was breaking up with Brian today and he was like ya right.  Me and Brian met up with Roger over at the bird and got it sort of running.  In the meantime of him putting my car back together him and I had split up.  Not hating each other but realizing that we are just really good friends.  That's all I'm asking for right now.  If he doesn't want that then ok.  Carl calls me about 4:30...  Carl: What are ya doing? Me: Breaking up with Brian can I call you back?? Carl: Ya sure  The car runs...  The phone rings about 5:30  Carl: where are ya? Me: Garage.. Carl you're not home?? Me: um no.. Why are u right by my house?? Carl: ya about 10 minutes Me: ok I'll leae right now. Carl: ok I'll wait for ya Me: I'll be there in like a half hour. Carl: half hour?? OK.. Me: The puter is online just go check your email or something. Carl: ok  So I get home he's here in my entry way on the puter on the phone smoking a bowl.  It was really cool..  I finally got him I think. So He leaves and Brian comes over to help me find misc stuff in the house.  Yes we are still friends.  He's until about 11:30 and leaves. I go to bed.. This is the part that I love.. I wake up to carl pounding on my door.  So I've seen him 3 times in 24 hours.  I was so happy he was here.  That was some of the most incredible sex i have ever had.    His dad calls....  Carl: Hey ya old fucker what are ya doing? oh really?? Nothing just fucking around I laffed so fucking hard Carl: quite literally Laffed harder.  Got all nice and cleaned up ryan gets here..  Ryan: What's goin on Me:Nothing just fuckign around Carl: Man yo're here more than I am Me: that's saying soemthing isn't it?? Carl laffs and walks out  Tony just informend me he's moving back to denver. David Tells me we are going out to macomb on Saturday which means I get to see cherie. Brian called to tell me I can take my car out of there. David and I are going to go up and get it tonight. Marla's coming over.  I think Gloria will be coming down. Ryan's coming back over to watch UFC pay perview. I think Brian will have steven this week.