The choices we make can be life changing.  Impressive thought!  Lets dwell on this for a moment.  When I left October 6th that was a choice.  Not a life changing choice, or so I thought.  I thought I was making an effort to give us a well needed few days break.  It just seemed like everything was falling in to place.  I ran in to Arlynd and money and a place to stay besides mom and dads.  Everything was screaming at me to stay in Illinois, except my heart.  Everyone around me says Ive all ready made my choice.  I knew I hadnt.  I knew that the trip back to pick up some stuff was going to be the life choice.  At that particular moment I would know where my life would be.  I knew we would either make it or break it.  Friday was nice.  Saturday was nice.  I almost thought that we could work with what was happening.  He rubbed my feet like he really missed me.  Then he said put your hand on my cock.  I knew then and there that deep down I was a piece of meat.  I knew why he wanted me around.  He says he needs me.  Yeah right.  Since my stuff didnt all fit in my car, I knew that Id have to see him again.  So a few weeks goes by.  I knew that this next time was DEFINITELY going to be the life choice.  I knew itd be make it or break it.  And what did he do?  Expected a piece.  Yet once again confirming I am a piece of meat.  I called him the next few days, and was confirmed he doesnt give a shit about MY plans.  The way he talked to me on the phone just blew my mind.  I invited him out to meet Brian and chit-chat.  What is his response?  Do I have a place to crash?  He wonders why I am so frustrated.  THAT was when I made my decision.  Im staying here amongst my family and friends.    I also made the decision that the man that I am going to be with will not stop me from being around those I love and just accept them as part of my life.  The man that I will be with will not be embarrassed that I am not a girlie girl.  The man that I am with will not be a self-centered egotistical prick!  They will not keep me guessing on when I want I get to see them.  I will not have to worry about them cheating on me.  Running away when they get too close.  They will be at least not tossing out the idea of settling down.  The possibility that I havent found that guy is very disheartening.  I mean EVERY guy I have been with is lacking in one of those fields.  Except for maybe Brian.  The only thing hes lacking is the running away part.  I guess I have to have one fear.    You all tell me that relationships dont have to be hard.  You are all right.  This time its just too easy.