seems my last few posts were not published.  i DID check in a few times over the past month-month & a half, though, as u'll see if u go 2 the post page.  apparently they were just saved as drafts.  i dunno if that's blogger's fault or mine.    anyway... was checking on the weather 2day & saw a banner that caught my eye.  went 2 the site & it pissed me off:   the anti-drug . ok, so i KNOW it's not a good thing 4 kids 2 be taking drugs...  but that's not the point here.  this is such a one-sided article it makes me sick.  what about the BENIFITS & GOOD THINGS about marijuana?  gee, they seem 2 have left those out.  & don't even get me started about the LSD section.  who knows what good could have come out of it if the governemnt hadn't deemed it illegal?  & u know why?  because non-government funded research of it was going so much farther than the stuff the government was finding out.  that's just the tip of the iceburg.  last month i saw this awesome documentary on it.  if only i could remember what it was called...  anyway, this site claims 'fatal accidents have occured while people were on this drug' (or something very similar) - is it just me or is this the same as saying 1/3 of car accident victims test positive 4 marijuana.  mind u - they r'nt necessarily stoned when they happen... but regardless HALF THE FUCKING POPULATION SMOKES WEED OF COURSE 1/3 OF DRIVERS IN AUTO ACCIDENTS R GONNA TEST POSITIVE 4 IT.  my point being yes, i'm sure fatal accidents have occured while people were tripping on acid but fatal accidents also occur everyday 2 people who r completely unintoxicated.  SHeeSH.  it's not a war on drugs it's a race 2 brainwash the world by only telling people what the government wants them 2 know.  FUCK it's worse than church, different religions picking out certain passages & occurances out of the bible & ignoring the rest, preaching them in ear-bleeding terminals til u take thier propaganda 4 truth while in the church next-door they've taken  different  passages fromt he same book (that could very well contradict what u're priest, pastor or reverand is saying) & r preaching  those  so-called truths 2 a different bunch of people all searching 4 something they aint gonna find from listening 2 someone else speak.    did i just have a spark of passion?  wow... maybe the anti-drug site is good 4 something afterall.  one more note on that... read this first paragraph: Usually smoked as a cigarette or joint, or in a pipe or bong, marijuana has appeared in "blunts" in recent years. These are cigars that have been emptied of tobacco and re-filled with marijuana,  sometimes in combination with another drug, such as crack . Some users also mix marijuana into foods or use it to brew tea.   i have highlighted the sentance i'm talking about in bold.  i am positive they threw that in just 2 further freak naive parents out.  really, now, i know more potheads in this world than people who don't smoke weed & NONE OF THEM smoke crack.  i do not associate with people who smoke crack.  when i meet someone someone tells me is a crack-head i can see thier teeth rotting b4 me as they speak, thier body decaying as they breathe, & have no trouble at all picturing them sucking some dealer's dog's penis 4 half a rock.  it's disgusting.  it makes me sick that they would even associate crack with marijuana.    k...  must go clean now.