I imed Laura Wednesday we went out for lunch on Thursday followed by a 2 hour kissing session.  Ed and I finally talked.  Carl heard me out for 10 mintues before fucking the hell out of me like I have never been fucked before. OMG!!!!!  I remembered why I put up with his shit.  I got and old phone of brian's hooked up thru verizon.  If you need the new number it will be on the answering machine at home.  Larry's daughter had a hysterectomy this week.  He was trying to get out of Tmobile and they were going to charge him $275 for early termination.  The loan company meets on on Fridays so hopefully today we will figure out if we got it or not.  If we get it I will be in Kansas picking up my car.  For mother's day Mike was going to get our portraits done.  I think I am going to suggest  getting her truck detailed because that's something she won't do for herself and it needs to be done.  Then for her birthday in July I'm going to try to get HER WHOLE family portrait done.  hat will mean more to her.  I know  AWWWWWWWWWWWWWWw right...  I am going to get my dad a "dream" car for his 60th birthday, as long as I have a car I can afford it.  Went and saw Gloria last night with Brian and stopped at superb got Brian a new wooden piece and I got myself a new wooden piece and got my one I broke fixed.  I got an online girlfriend her name is Heidi.  She seems very nice and she's out in Aussie so she has that damn sexy aussie voice going.. Man I'm such a sucker for that.  Been talking to this guy Brent that lives up near Gloria on IRC.  He's a nice guy he's my day time chatter.  I got my irc friends all back.  I've been actively chatting again.  I don't know it's just very grounding.  Working my ass off for my dad so I can get himpaid off fast and start working on next month's rent.  Allie I wish you'd post.  you're worrying me for real.  You haven't been online in weeks.  As a matter of fact I don't think I've talked to you since me and david were outthere.  So u better sign onyahoo and ay hello to me before I come out there and whoop your ass.