i think i just got a comcast rep fired.  GOOD.    in other news: Harry Potter & the prisoner of Azkaban comes out 2morrow.  which means i have 30 hours & 57 minutes b4 i get 2 see it.  went & got advance tickets yesterday, which was a good thing considering there were only 3 showings left 4 friday that werent sold out.   my dad got a new car.  & i don't mean just  another  car, no... he actually bought a  NEW  car.  a candy-apple red 2004 focus.  he then has the nerve 2 ask me: r u sure u like it cuz u're gonna end up with it one day.  why do people talk like this?  it's not cool.  anyway, it just so happens that i think the car is OK.  i hit my head everytime i get in it (which makes me wonder who engineered the thing & 4 whom?  midgets?  i'm only 5'2" 4 fucks sake.)  but other than that it's cool.  got a cd/mp3 player, power everything, heated seats (what WILL they think of next?), & self de-icing side mirrors.  i'm happy 4 him.  bought time he got himself a new car.  it was rather rediculous, u know?  65 years old, worked at ford 4 35 years & not once ever had a new car.    on sunday Alan & i went over 2 my cousin Donna's house (which is only 2 1/2 miles down the road i found out) 4 a 'family' bbq.  i hate those family functions & alan was extremely nervous about it.  i can't say i blame him.  i didn't really know myself how it was gonna go - him metting them (& vice-versa) 4 the first time.  i mean, i knew they weren't gonna like be really rude or anything... but it turned out pretty damn good, alot better than i expected (not that i knew what 2 expect int he first place).  my aunt anna & donna wanna give me a baby shower, typical women they r all ga-ga over a new baby.    ---ummnn... what did i just do?!?!  my explorer just went full screen & i can't get it back!! ----  & my aunt informed my dad that he'd be buying us the crib & other furniture - LOL.  so anyway...  i'm glad all THAT (the family meeting & shit) is out of the way.  it's relieving.    my mind is drifting, concentration going away so i'll end here 4 now but will try 2 give a report on how absotively posolutely amazing Harry Potter was, prolly on saturday cuz i know EVERYONE will wanna know.  ;oD