         hmm...i got one of those email crush things today. those things bug me for several reasons:  1)it equates with an email forward 2)it makes me all nervous that someone likes me-good nervous, but of the kind that makes me not want to think about anything else 3)i start thinking of people i want to like me, and none of them probably do or would put my name down 4)i try to do it as a joke but then i realize that some of the people i put down might take it seriously and shit will go down 5)yuck. ok, fess up! who sent me the email? hehe...i don't really care, it just makes me all weird again inside, i don't need that.   anyway, my mom and i rifled through her old record collection last night. i made a couple good finds..i wish our turntable wasn't broken. some good ones: two beatles albums, sgt pepper's and revolver; a stan getz recording with count basie;  dave brubeck, time out; lots of santana (including abraxas); crosby, stills and nash (and that other dude ;); lots of beach boys; the american graffitti soundtrack--lots more too. my mom apparently had a thing for harry belafonte. it's comforting to know that at one point my parents had excellent musical taste, although i must say it's declined a little over the years (my mom's a big fan of amy grant now..no offence to any amy grant enthusiasts, and my dad listens to nothing but golden oldies).  Also, we uncovered the entire beatles album collection, put on tape by my uncle paul for my parents...but they never listen to it, so i'm stealing it from them. If only it were on cds...paul worked out this crazily complicated system of fitting all the albums onto just 7 tapes...so you have to do a bit of switching around if you want to  listen to an entire album. nevertheless, a good find!   hmm...get to see dan and natalie today! natalie is picking me up at five and we're going to meet dan at drum corps rehearsal. hurray! the ultimate in schmuness. speaking of, i do hope abby calls me tomorrow so i can pick her up from the airport. that'd be neet.