         I have to remember that, despite how busy I am, despite how tired and frazzled I get, there are people who love me. Here's a basic list of good things:   Basically, I spent 15 hours in and around humanities today. Brief breaks for lunch and dinner were taken, but no home-going was accomplished. Wind ensemble was actually amusing for once, since we had a guy auditioning for conducting and he was pretty dorky, but still good, anyway, Collin jabbed me hard in the side because he thought I was falling asleep, and i nearly jumped out of my chair I was so shocked, and plus I had to pee big time, so that was not so amusing. But he gave me a hug afterward and said I was a good sport. I got up to move chairs in the lounge and Ian asked if I was leaving and when I said no, he said, "good!" Mikey got a haircut. (it looks good) Davis wrote about me in her blog (and we should sit and have some in depth chat sometime, hun. ;), Ben sent me another email that summed up very well how I feel about soulmates and certain people, I got an email from Tara which was awesome! (i miss you too!) Terry gave me some hope today about making it through stressful times. Having someone tell you that "you can do it" is so awesome.  So a lot of people have told me I'm on the right track with common sense or whatever. I feel good about that. It doesn't matter that I spent all day in a concrete building trying to take another step toward proficiency with my instrument and mostly just being frustrated. It doesn't matter that I argued with my dad or anything like that.   I'm listening to the recording from my recital. Our balalaika duet was really cool. Gosh, I'm so witty. hehe..just kidding. It's weird to hear your own voice on recording. I remember growing up I hated it because it sounded so little and highpitched. But it doesn't sound so bad now. Funny, I really should be analyzing my trombone playing, not my voice. ;) Bethany sounds good! I'm a little afraid to hear the Larsson because I know the first mvt wasn't so good. But it's always worse in your mind than it really is. So, It'll be good to hear. It'll be good to go to bed, too...story of my life!!   Today's advice: schmu!