         wooooiee. this year takes last year on the amount of crap i got kicked out of me at the annual tuba/euph-trombone softball game. not the softball. the basketball, man. three games of highly violent and extremely hilarious bball. Collin and I make a kickass team...we showed Griff and Sean a thing or two (hehe)...although later having Griffin on my team meant getting pegged in the eye once or twice (the one time i saw flashes of light just before I blacked out for the next two seconds)...basketball in the near dark is infinitely more dangerous than frisbees out of nowhere on the beach, but at least brass players know not to aim for the mouth (ahem). I had some game, I'm proud of myself. Now, gotta do it more often. The softball game was alright...IMO we were the better team, they just had the hitters. Couldn't beat us in the outfield though. I'm not sure I have the mad third base skills that apparently qualified me for the position...but ah well, didn't get much chance to make a fool of myself.   Something I love is just being out with guys and being totally aggressive and physical...just being "one of the guys." i always feel like as a girl i have to hold my own on the athletic track. It's not an excuse, just a challenge..i get a huge charge overcoming it. being so called "girly" is not my gig---although i far from claim that it's a bad thing, just that it's way more fun to play the game than to watch it. it gets into whole issues of feminism (and feminazism to coin a phrase my father uses)- whether to be feminine and proud of it or try to make being a woman more like being a guy. Honestly, I don't think the latter is the best policy, but on the other hand "feminine" has connotations of standing on the sidelines and looking pretty. I'm not pretty and I don't like watching things go on around me without my interaction. Story of my life...if i'm not involved in something i feel like it diminishes my importance. this causes trouble when things get super hectic and crazy. I'm tuning down this urge though, trying to realize that not everything needs me to contribute. It's more of a self-esteem thing than anything. me looking for my sort of spotlight which is really just a little more off to the side than in the center of everything. Not sure how much sense that makes, but oh well.   hello to hans. and yes, when i say basketball, i mean basketball...no innuendos at all mister!