         Well, not so sick. Good! Tomorrow is the big softball game and I'm psyched...except, oh wait, I suck at softball. Oh well, it'll be a fun time. My arm is a little sore from the training sessions (ie, playing catch) of yesterday and today. Along with various other parts of my body that have been pegged by the ball...courtesy of my inability to catch things when they are hurled toward me at menacingly fast speeds.   A sad thing today: there will be no more buddhism lectures because there has been a death in my professor's family... :( i didn't go on thursday because i didn't feel well, so basically i've missed out on three days of prof dunne's infinite wisdom. he is by far one of the best teachers i've ever had. i'll have to take some more classes with him if i can.  and now...on to the paper which i probably should have begun work on much earlier, but, procrastination and i get along far too well (we've been going steady for almost 20 years) so i'll be doing it thursday night and friday morning, i'm sure. (it's due at five on friday) Off tonight to do some more research and hopefully find something that will at least get me pointed in the right direction. arrgh.   only 9 more days and everything is done...i'll be winging my way back to sunny san diego for some R&R and happy beach dwelling! hurray! if there's anything i miss, it's the beach. I just have to make it through the weekend:  Friday my paper is due, Saturday i have the water testout for the lifeguarding job i've applied for, AND my piano jury, Sunday is the music history final (and afterwards, a BBQ!) Tuesday is theory final, thursday i go home! after sunday it'll all be wonderful and stress free. i could give a crap about theory and music history should be no problem whatsoever. I think the best way to handle to stress is to look beyond it (not forget about it) and picture yourself being done with all the other crap so that you're already in that relaxed and happy mindset. Therefore, I've already turned in my buddhism paper, and actually writing it will be no sweat. Hmm. I just have to keep telling myself this. :)