         Alex made it home today. Davis is happy! :) We went to lunch and then saw Shrek. Good times, good times!! I borrowed a CD from Collin that has the DeMeij Tbone Concerto on it, hurray! It is, of course, awesome, and I am burning as we speak. Saturday is Collin and his roomie Greg's bday (21!!!--even though he doesn't drink, he still plans on going to bars), and it is also Rhythm and Booms, so he is going to call me if they do anything. Hurray again! What a sweetheart. He forgot the cd so I walked back to his place to pick it up, and then he walked (with his bike) back to Humanities with me.   Tomorrow I am nervous for. I start working the beaches...but the trick is, I have to ride my bike all the way around Monona in my schedule of relief guarding. So basically, I get to bike at least fifteen miles tomorrow, total. Fifteen! I am nervous because 1) I do not have any of my equipment; suit, shorts, shirt, etc, 2)I'm afraid I'll get lost and be late, and 3)I don't know everything that needs to be done but it seems like they expect you too. Still, it is my first day, and hopefully they will be lenient with me. Ah well...we'll see. Everything, as usual, will be okay.   I ran into Mr. Cynical again today. Remember the "UC Davis? That sucks!" man? Yes, the very same. This time I was with Alex and Davis. And he says, "You sickass Americans! Europe's running circles around you!" What the hell is that supposed to mean? Alex took a doubletake and we all gave him confused looks because I can't imagine what we looked/dressed like to deserve that comment, and of course, we still have no clue what he meant. Next time I see Mr. Cynical I am going to ask him why he is so mad at the world. He makes me sad.   Ah well, must wait for DeMeij to finish loading and doing so by enjoying the Kodaly Sonata for Unaccompanied Cello. I have said this many times, but when I get a dog, I am going to name him Zoltan Kodaly. I am sort of thinking about getting a snake. It will be named Prokofiev. (This is where you shout, "Music dork, music dork!!") We shall see.