         God only knows why, but I am in the greatest mood today. No real reason...I mean, I had to wake up at quarter to 6 this morning and that's not the greatest...but I woke up with "867-5309" stuck in my head and ever since I've been crazy giddy. Actually, most of it is post-early morning nap, as after guarding I was so tired I could barely stay on my bike.  I fell into the deepest sleep...and I had a dream that Abby was trying to rearrange all the furniture in our living room, and I was trying to stop her but I was late for work and couldn't do much. This has to mean something...Arwen at work suggested that maybe people are trying to change things in my life (rearranging furniture) but I don't have time for it, because I have other things on my agenda. Hmm...it sounds nice. I haven't decided if it's entirely revelant and especially with Abby because I don't think she's trying to rearrange my life...  Anyhoo...Davis' blog seems to be suggesting that I rant and rave about "My Night With Bluebottle" so I'll do a little. First of all, I had a grrreat time. They are seven hilarious boys and I enjoyed myself completely. I spent most of the time talking to Dave and Brandon...well, let me put that another way:  Brandon spent a lot of time talking to me, and Dave mostly made my feet fall asleep because he kept sitting on them. Go fig. Anyhoo, everyone imbibed a lot of alcohol, in fact, ALL of the alcohol we possess, so it was a raucous ruckus all around. I was only half aware of what Davis was up to...and what transpired with Steve is out of my field of vision (although she has since told me), although it is all good. I hope. Maybe I was just too caught up in the whole "This chick is soo cool! I've talked jazz, horns, and lots of shit with her and she rocks! Yeah, I bet...blah blah blah" Brandon thing, I got a kick out of that kid. He talks a lot. ;) People piles on the couch were highly prevalent, and the mayhem didn't die out until after 5 in the morning. Brandon broke my clock...the second hand fell off and it's stuck at 4:25...so at least we know the exact time at which it was broken! Hehe...that's alright, I don't really need another clock. My life is governed by time enough as it is.  Mass hangovers in the morning...I got up at 9:30 and had to wait until noon for the boys to start stirring. Dave was the last one up and the last one out the door, at 2:30 or so. All in all, a good time. A good distraction from thinking, of which I have been doing too much (and i have been thinking without using much common sense, which is a bad thing).  Anyway, my good mood continues...perhaps this bodes well for a productive practice session. But first, lunch!