         ahh....stupid blogger. well, all my long rant about last night disappeared TWICE and I don't feel like rewriting it for a third time. Needless to say, a good time was had by all. A little advancement in the self-image/presenting an effective personality department was made. Actually a pretty good-sized advancement, that comes in two parts. Most of it has already been written down...by hand, in a safe, secret place (ha ha! i have fooled you, loyal blog readers!) which shall not be revealed at this time. Anyhoo, fun times.   And now, a quote that will make you think about me even more!  "Introverted iNtuiting Feeling Judging (INFJs) personalities are deeply concerned about their relations with individuals, as well as the state of humanity at large. They are, in fact, sometimes mistaken for extroverts because they appear so outgoing and are so genuinely interested in people--a product of the Feeling function they most readily show to the world. On the contrary, INFJs are true introverts, who can only be emotionally intimate and fulfilled with a chosen few from among their long-term friends, family, or obvious "soul mates" [grr].  While instinctively courting the personal and organizational demands continually made upon them by others, at intervals INFJs will suddenly withdraw into themselves, sometimes shutting out even their intimates.  This apparent paradox is a necessary escape valve for them, providing both time to rebuild their depleted resources and a filter to prevent the emotional overload to which they are so susceptible as inherent "givers." As a pattern of behavior, it is perhaps the most confusing aspect of the enigmatic INFJ character to outsiders, and hence the most often misunderstood--particularily by those who have little experience with this rare type."  And more:  "Their combination of empathy and strong verbal skills [hmm..not so sure that applies to me] make them natural writers, especially of fiction or of non-fiction requiring a restrained emotional tone.  (I think Kiersey tages INFJ as "The Writer")  "INFJs tend to question and examine their own motivations constantly.  In moderation this is admirable, but some go so far as to decide that any "selfishness" (which often translates to taking care of themselves instead of others, for once) in their desires is completely unacceptable.  Needless to say, this can cause a great deal of stress for the INFJ in question, which they sometimes resolve in a rather  convoluted manner: by deriving a Higher Principle from the "selfish" need."  So I am tagged by the Kiersey personality test. There is more; interesting but not so relevant. I dunno...I think it fits, as doubtful as I normally am about "personality" tests. Of course, in my endless quest for knowledge about this world and my reactions to it, I am always interested in someone's interpretation of my point of view. The part that really makes me happy is the sentence that ends "this rare type" mostly for selfish reasons (and yes, i quarreled with myself about whether or not I should write this thought) because it means I have some sort of individuality or specialness in relationship to others. hmm. Still, the first paragraph is the most true. Well having, in so many words, gone against my natural tendency to not talk about myself (sarcasm!), it is time for dinner and getting out into the world (sincei have spent all of the day, sadly, inside thinking complicated thoughts that have not yet been solved)...and here i go.