         Interesting and entertaining evening yesterday. Ben called up and wanted to go to a chamber concert, which we did, and it was very cool. Then we recklessly rode our bikes around Madison until we ended up at the Nottingham Co-op, which proved to be a very educational place for me to be. I met some pretty neet people. Allyson(sp?) had just come back from Nepal and brought her pictures...which were awesome, and made me want to go even more. Alas, need money for such things. Anyway, came home, went to bed (very tired and developing headache. bleh). woke up to phone call this morning at 8 am, but didn't answer it, as i thought that anyone who calls at 8 on a saturday morning doesn't deserve to be answered. upon falling back asleep i had the most disturbing dream:  i was still in sd and supposed to take abby to the airport but was watching tv and didn't notice that she had left...and then katie came over with this doll that was created in her likeness, it was supposed to be her guardian angel or something. Anyway, I think Jon was there somewhere too but he was more of a presence and less a character in the dream. So, I finally realized that Abby was gone so I asked my mom where she went, and she said my dad had taken her to the airport. I asked why? i was supposed to take her. And she glares at me and starts telling me that i never pay attention and that everytime she's doing work do i ask to help? no, i just go blithely about my business and no wonder abby left without you, you don't care enough to help people out and on and on...i woke up in a very disturbed cold sweat...  anyway, davis and bethany come back today. or tomorrow morning. i hope it's today. i just got a call from a guy named jim who needs me to lifeguard for him next saturday, and he was pretty entertaining. he sounded like the traditional "surfer:" uh, hi this jim, from beaches? i was wondering, uh, if you could, uh, sub for me next saturday? when i told him i would get back to him, as i am not yet sure of my job status within the city beaches community, he said, oh, dude, ok, just uh, give me a call back. thanks. hehe. i believe bridget jones would term jim a "grunge youth" which seems to fit in this case. anyway, must find something to do for the rest of to-day. hmm.