         yes i am still bored. but here i am again! post post post, what a busy little beaver i! i was just rifling through davis' archives. reading some old stuff (but mostly looking for posts about me because i am the shit you know...hmm, not so much) and pondering and i started thinking about chris and mikey and how they are cool people. so, wherever you two crazy scouts kids are tonight, i'm thinking about ya.  i have managed to avoid the cookies. this is good. my mom made me tea, though, so i'm still feeling that "i've taken in too much sustenance" sort of bloatedness. mm. pleasant, i know.  a small annoyance: disneyland now costs $43. what up, fool? that's ridiculously expensive for a park that probably makes more money than the US can produce in ten years. i don't care about the damn energy crisis! they can handle it! it's  disney  for the love of buddha! so katie wants me to look into getting up to magic mountain...which costs the same but there might be a discount. now, the last time i tried to convince my parents to let me go to mm they turned me down because it's practically in thousand oaks and my dad has enough trouble with me just going to anaheim. humph. whatever happened to disney's southern california days? you used to be able to get into disneyland for $21 if you lived in s.ca. arhahahrhghaagha. that's the noise i made when i saw the price. i was on the phone with katie too and she wasn't impressed (now..i'd definitely be impressed if someone said "arhahahrghaagha" to me on a phone). my mom and i are going to see bridget jones's diary tomorrow in the the-a-tre. hurray! i've been wanting to see it.  hmm...typing without caps is a wonderful thing.  it's my goal to get my blog up on the list of the 'ten most recently updated blogs' on the blogger website. i don't know why, i know it's a shitty goal but i'm so crazy bored i need something to do. so immediately after i press post and publish i'm running (figuratively) on over to blogger to see if i'm famous yet. i mean, i go click on those random blogs all the time just to compare and contrast. like the competitive weirdo i am.  i will be very happy to see davis and bethany again. i'm wondering (outloud, in case anyone cares to answer me) when they'll get back from the horn thing in michigan. i'm also pumped to start my job. i think it'll be good for me. i mean, look at this way:  i have to be alert, confident, and i have to ride my bike to get there and do these things. (i'm obsessed with this bike riding thing, i know...but it all comes from the spell my beautiful blue bianchi bike has set upon me) so i'll get exercise and become a more aware individual. maybe. this is all just me bsing because i don't want to go find another book to read and feel like a vegetable for another two hours. bullshit bullshit bullshit. fun fun fun. i'm laughing at myself right now because i've written an obsessive amount of blogs that are basically ramblings about nothing in particular (and all very similar nothings, at that) which all my friends who are currently in sunny spain will have to catch up on when they get back. haha! i'm so evil.  speaking of evil, the man who does the voice of kronk in the emperor's new groove appeared in the episode of news radio that i happened to be watching today. kronk is my favorite character from that movie because...well, he can talk to squirrels. anyway, the episode was all about him being evil and there were some very funny cracks. the evilness is also ironic because dave foley is in news radio and he also does the character of heckubus(sp?) in kids in the hall, and he is very evil. eh, eh? see the connection. oooh i'm so terribly bored. look at me babble like a lunatic about sitcoms and sketch comedy. huzzah, huzzah! babbling is good for the soul, i've always told myself (more of a self-calming technique). back to the original topic of this paragraph, i simply must purchase emperor on video cassette because that movie whoops so much winamp ass (so there, winamp!). if this is not making any sense to anyone, then how about this:  woieighibodki wiw gohohopd. woijd wiognkdl k dkdigo. hjfirohp fkfl dliwogn alksodi g kls lwiwog.  in typing class (ironically the second reference i've made to that stupid class in two days) my favorite mindless exercise was this one:  asdfjkl; ;lkjfdsa asdfjkl; ;lkjfdsa asdfjkl; ;lkjfdsa if you could give a definition to the word qwertyuiop, what would it be? how about poiuytrewq? qwertyuiop looks like some sort of sea creature, perhaps a new variant of polyp. and poiuytrewq is a new scientific device that stabilizes atoms. or it's a new type of space exploring mechanizism. you know, "the revolutionary space pod POIUYTREWQ landed on venus today and send back breathtaking pictures of what scientists are calling 'qwertyuiops' because of their uncanny resemblance to earth's own polyp family. no word yet has come back on whether or not the pod will be returning to earth or continuing on to venus' neighboring planet, mercury, for a look at the hot deserts of this solar system's first planet. in other science related news..." hmm...that was..interesting. you know what i'd like to do? start up a joint blog that acts like one of those games we used to play in eighth grade with our vocabulary words. you know, each person has a word they have to use in a sentence, but that sentence has to be part of a story too. hence something like this: Once, a  loquacious  mole named gunther was travelling to see his niece, barbarella. he was unaware, however, of a major  subterfuge  that was being plotted against him in an attempt to steal his neat root collection. while he was on the road to barbarella's spiffy uptown tree pad, he came across a  ubiquitous  snake with fierce emerald eyes and a charming hiss in his throat. gunther was not alarmed, though, as he had often come across such an  aberration  in normal forest procedures before... and so on. only, you wouldn't have to do it with vocab words, just each person adding a new and unique sentence or paragraph or whatnot. sound cool? hmm. i don't think i can top that, so i'm going to go read some more. and no cookies! arhahahrghaagha.