         The big news on Blogger.com is that, apparently, Blogger is a great way to get some boo-tay.    And now I am wondering...are people I don't know reading my blog and wondering? It surely can't be that exciting. My number of philosophical and introspective posts has decreased quite a bit this summer. And lately I've been reduced to observations about spiders (by the way, wouldn't it be cool to have eight limbs?!?!). Sigh.   At any rate, spiders are the reason I slept very poorly last night. I like to watch spiders, I like their webs (but not for walking into), I like the way the move around and eat mosquitos.  But I don't like having bad dreams about them that wake me up in a cold sweat and leave me unable to calm down or go to sleep for a good half an hour. It was quite amusing that I woke up, gave a rather loud gasp of suprise, and heard Davis say this, in her sleep: " Don't worry, we'll get to go shopping tomorrow!" I said, "What?!?" and she said, "Don't worry about it, we'll go shopping tomorrow!" And then she rolled over and sank into happy dreamland whilst I, panicky and upset about Corporal Zulu descending on my helpless form with an army of similiarily ugly-type arachnids to chew my head off and suck out all my juices, stared at the ceiling for a while squirming everytime my skin twinged or the blanket brushed my cheek. Eventually I fell into a fitful sleep and woke up worried the next morning that in my myopic condition I would not see Corporal Zulu swinging aimlessly from the ceiling at about eye-level, and walk into him, and then faint, either of fright or of spider bite. At any rate, Corporal Zulu moved back to his original position just above Davis' dresser, and has spent most of his day going up and down, up and down, presumably looking for something good to eat. In all likelihood he is harmless and terrified of my clumsy four-limbed bulk and wants nothing to do with me or my bedsheets.  Relax, relax. Spiders are very little and very timid. Spiders like Corporal Zulu (I have not yet identified his family and genus yet) like to stay on the ceiling and stay out of trouble. Deep breaths. Calm, Hawaii, ocean waves, margaritas, teddy bears, back massages. Okay, I think I'm okay now. Okay. Ohhhhkay.