         First day of classes! Already swamped with things to do and remember, but other than that I think my classes are great and that my schedule will allow me to do and remember these things I am swamped with. :)  Renaissance Music with Crook is going to be intense, I think...but fun. Brandon is back! And in my class! That is excitement right there. Prof Dunne already pulled out the chair metaphor in Buddhism...but I think this class will be cool because it is much smaller and there will be more discussion and personal attention and stuff. It made me sort of giddy to be in class with him again, because he is absolutely frigging hilarious weird. I don't know if I can describe it...but damn, he's funny. He made us introduce ourselves to another class member, which I appreciated because then I didn't have to do it myself...since I didn't know anyone who was going to keep me awake? Hehe...but now I know at least one person, so it's all good.   Had a lesson with Bill...actually just the first lesson chat session, so we went over stuff I want to do this semester and what we're working on. So far so good. He gave me some good feedback on the grad schools I'm thinking about, and said he would put me in touch with the professors at UCLA and Colorado and would help me out with UA. So now I know two people who can help me in at UCLA...Sean's got connections there too, of course. I've decided I want to look into a place that has a good history program, too, because despite all my fighting it in high school, I'm realizing that I really really really love history. Especially music history. So I'm going to talk to Crook about that, too.   What else? Many things to do..I have to start thinking about new member recruitment for SAI, and planning out my recital (gotta call vince fuh), and living for next year...if we get the money soon we'll be able to get the place we want...on Carroll, four bedrooms big bathroom huge porch...so here's hoping for that. Gotta go order some music...I think I'll do that right now...hehe.