         my friend Jennii has a blog, I'll link it when I figure out how, but anyway: www.littlegiraffe.blogspot.com Hi Jennii!!!  welcome to the week of long-ass days. wednesdays are not supposed to be long-ass for me, but today was. mostly because practicing tenor today was freaking me out because of this ringing sound in my tone..sounded like it was the bell reverberating at certain pitches...well, i was worried that it might be my embouchure from switching bass to tenor, bea was getting the same thing but terry (who is a cool cat, many thanks to terry for assuaging bea's annoyance and my fears) suggested that it was just something in the practice rooms that was responding to the pitches because they were especially in tune. so, a bad thing is really a good thing! the buzz is not permanent and it means o'm playing in tune. go me...now if i could only do that on bass...   As you may have noticed, i've decided to make capital letters as rare as possible today. captial letters are just another plot set up by the institution to bring you down, man! heh. well anyway, i'm too lazy for them. at least i have the house to myself for once this week!! maybe i can take a nap....yay naps. now i can take naps on my bed because it no longer takes two years to get into it and sort out the sheets and MR. FISH (he gets caps because that's his name, caps are essential)  and pillows and such.  nice. i wonder how long i have before my next commitment. I should check that out. women's composer's concert tonight, then the dodectet for brass bash. organizing the trombone 4tet is appearing to be more work than finding a decent time for octet. how does that work? the number of people involved is doubled, yet it's easier? hmm..maybe because i seldom see jason and erin long enough to work out a time. felicia, well she's part of the locker gang (or sean's "harem") so it's easier. still..never all at once! i have to run about like crazy and i feel like a goat...bleating out times at people and eating their clothing. well, not so much on that last part. maybe a little nibble once and again.   that being said, i'm going to play a little jaaazz trumpet for y'all.