         I feel like there hasn't been anything terribly interesting to write about lately. just me, my schoolwork, jerry, my trombones, sleeping. no big entertaining gettogethers (although the lounge experience on tuesday was excellent and quite on par with the terry/jamey/ian days...ian! i miss him being around the SOM) or parties or anything. jerry made me dinner last saturday, and we each drank a bottle of wine, which was quite amusing...he passed out not long after (because he's a lightweight, ha ha! :). It was rather an excellent evening. went to the hockey game the day before with mikey, emily and chris, and that was a good good time as well.   megan, on the subject of people missing you, i do too! and i miss tara. i like reading your blogs because it brings me nearer to you, but it makes me sad too, because it's not close enough. i hope you guys can come and visit me soon (dci finals, tara?) because i had fun in davis and now it's your turn! hehe. anyway, you guys are doing exciting things and me, it's just my same-old life, practice practice practice. working at the nat is still tons of fun...although i don't have any shifts with anna amy or ryan, and arwen's in england, so that's a little sad. but i do get to work with becker (who rocks: becker quote of the week--"girls are trouble") and kate and matt and becky, so it's all good. the nat is a refreshing place to be for me, not only because the people rock but because it gives me another dimension outside of music. and i need that. i love the community the music school has given me but it feels like my connections in it are getting smaller, that we're not socializing as much--i guess that goes back to the whole "no parties" thing. there just aren't very many. and I can see why. 323 1/2 is long past, ian and bj are student teaching, and no one else seems to want to make the effort...although jason mentioned he was thinking about it. and we are definitely a party place...good times here all around, but we're ass-poor collectively and don't have enough to supply alcohol. it would have to be a strongly assured BYOB. Hmm...scares me a bit. Maybe I should start stocking up. yargh.   well, good enough ramble for now. i'm going to go dig up some food and sit around and wait for something neat to happen. cheers!