         Hello all. Sorry for leaving you hanging on the birthday stuff. Well, it was FUN and it's great to be 21. Lots of freedom which is awesome. Lots of people buying me drinks. Sweet!  For the past couple of weeks I've been thinking about putting Buddha Stew to rest. I am having a hard time posting everything that goes through my head and am starting to realize that I don't have to put it out on a line for all to see, I think I"ve matured past that point. I've been writing in my paper journal a lot more. I'm also turning into a bit of a "technophobe" which is a silly term really, I shudder to apply it to myself...but I guess what I mean is that I don't need this...all this complicated technology to make my life easier. It all seems so decadent. All of life in America seems too decadent these days. So much crap that people don't need, but buy anyway, so many attitudes that buy into consumerism and diversity and politics, and I just can't take it anymore. It makes me somewhat nauseous. I mean...well, there's this guy in NY trying to sue the major fast food companies because he's obese and has health problems. How ridiculous can we get? And we all so hyped up on destroying our "enemies" and freeing the world of  terrorists, because, automatically, because we are such a great nation and so accomplished and wealthly and blah blah blah, we, and our way of life, are always right, always supreme. If this fat guys case stands up in court, that's it, I will move out of this stupid country to some secluded village in Switzerland, and live happily ever after. But Americans...oh we just make me sort of sick. Got to go someplace where they've got things...well, maybe not figured out, exactly, but at least in better perspective.   Well, that's a rant, for you. What it all sums up to is this: I love Buddha Stew but it is becoming more apparent that I don't need it anymore, that maybe no one really reads it anyway, and that it's just a modern  convience that I shouldn't complicate things with. I think maybe someday I will write a book, and I will call it...Buddha Stew. What a metaphor. What a great fricking metaphor. :)