         greetings well last night I got call from Lenny (in Googaloo, the band that I LIKE) apologizing profusely for not telling me that they had for this week changed the rehearsal to Wednesday night.  Could I come? Oh sure, what was I doing besides watching the Recall Candidates debate? (This whole thing is very stupid. I am NOT voting for Arnold) So anyway, I packed up my stuff and headed over. It was a good rehearsal. I played a few really bad solos, because as you may know, I have had no practice or training whatsoever in improv. Gr. It will get better, I just need to think a little bit while I'm soloing and not just start playing notes. The just playing notes part will come. Anyway, this group is fun, I really am glad I'm in it. After we took a break we jammed again, like last week. This time I really just focused on the notes and played a couple of licks that were almost not square. Hehe. Oh, and I correctly identified the chords without having to be told. I really think somewhere hidden in my dense musical head is a perfect pitch rockstar. Or at least really kicking relative pitch.  I chatted with Natalie online yesterday, and realized that she's coming home in December already! I thought she would be in France all year. Well, that's cool, because I know Natalie will hang out with me. :) I called Dan but I know if I want to do anything with him I will have to keep calling until I actually talk to him.  After I got home from rehearsal I watched Mullholland Drive. Ok, I missed the first half hour. Is that bad?  because I am totally confused. I mean...what the fuck?!?!?  It freaked the shit out of me.  Anyway, I'm mostly just passing time because I'm staking out my AIM. For some reason, although I clicked the button that says "start AIM when internet starts" to NOT do that, it still does. Or so I think. It hasn't come on yet, leading me to believe that perhaps it is something my parents are doing accidentally.  Well, I give up. I slept in way late today, I should go swimming but maybe I will do that tonight. I should do yoga too but I've lost some motivation to do all the things I've been religiously doing the past too weeks. I knew it, the motivated stage has given way to my characteristic lazy bum stage. Push through, girl!! rrrrowrrrr!