         Well well well (deep subject) Inspired by Davis, I have revived good old Buddha Stew. I guess it never really went under; like a good and faithful companion it has remained, quietly, uncomplaining until the day I would again take up the reigns and write silly random stuff again.  And why I am I back?  Well, for one I am extremely bored, and lonely. I have returned to San Diego after spending a summer at Blue Lake, before which I graduated from the prestigious University of Wisconsin-Madison with a degree in Music Performance (trombone). Several reasons prompted me to leave my dear Madison behind, most of which are rather shady and I'm beginning to think it was a bad idea in the first place. I mean, right now I'm living at home, jobless, friendless,  gigless,  counting the hours until I get a place, job, friend, gig. Meantime I am thinking casually about graduate school (in which case I should practice) and considering the possibility of putting all my stuff back in the Contour, saying "fuck it" to this damn expensive and overpopulated city, and heading back east to *gasp-dare I say it?* the place that I now consider home.  Yes Wisconsin. Now how, you ask, could any self-respecting California girl reject the land of Dreams and Beautiful Blue Ocean Vistas for the land of Cheese and Farms? My answer:  FUCK YOU. You've obviously never spent a good amount of time there. I am sick of the question. Go stick your head in a goat's butt.  Perhaps you are wondering from wither come all this unmitigated hostility?  My answer: You are a tool. I could use to hammer up my shelving units.  Alright, enough of that. My brain has been wandering around and around in my skull searching desperately for something else to think about, but that's hard. What's life about anyway? Where's my direction, my purpose? Do I have any? Should I be talking or should I shut up and throw back a cold one (berghoff, please) and join the rest of America in not questioning, not caring, not giving a shit about anything? Why not watch the damn reality shows and the damn dating shows and the damn reality dating shows?  The answer is:    what a headfuck this is, eh? Of course I could wander on an on but where would I get. I want to go home. I want Jerry and the cats and Scanner Dan and Expresso and Himal Chuli and the lounge and drunken football games and... hell I guess I want to be a college student again.  Well I said I would be. Next year. So what's stopping me from sitting on my stupid tush for a year until I get to go off and start over? Why not waste time?  Answer, please.