Four Fags at Six Flags   Day two of Jake and Dan's Weekend of Fun found us at Six Flags with Matt and Steve.  It was Matt's company's private corporate day at the park, so the lines were relatively short, and the day was packed with adventure. Our first adventure was the new   Superman–Ultimate Flight —the roller coaster where you get strapped into your seat, the floor drops and you get rotated 90 degrees so you're stomach-down and ready to "fly" through the ride's many twists and turns.  The ride is spectacular, but  it broke  while we were riding it.  The breakage didn't affect our flying experience, but when we got back to the loading station we were left hanging (literally) face-down over the staging area for a good 20 minutes until the pokey ride engineers waddled up to fix it.  And since it was kind of cold, I had a runny nose. So I left a bit of a puddle by the time we were rescued and able to stand vertically again.  We spent the rest of the day doing the usual amusement park stuff: riding all the cool roller coasters, eating really crappy food, scoping out the small handful of cute guys in the park and playing Whack-a-Mole.  And I experienced my first bungee jump.  Daredevil Dive, as it's called at Six Flags, isn't your typical bungee experience; you strap yourself into a body bag-type thing before you get hooked to the cord (saving a step later in the process should things go wrong) and—I guess we didn't learn our lesson on the Superman ride—you're suspended face-down before you're hoisted about a million miles in the air.  Then you pull your own rip cord, plummet to almost certain death, and swing in the wind whooping and screaming like a big girl.  (At least that's how I did it.)  And since it was cold and windy and I was strapped to Dan as we jumped, I got major skydiving flashbacks through the whole experience.  And now we're all psyched to jump again next year.  We left the park at 4 and raced back to Chicago so Matt and I could make it to   rehearsal .  We now have all the music for our Christmas show, and I got assigned to choreograph a tap number and a disco number (you know—like they did at the first Christmas).  After rehearsal I hit   Ping Pong  with Shawn and Rich for some fabulous pan-Asian fare.  Then I had the brilliant idea to catch the Red Line home at the Addison stop.  You know:  The one right by Wrigley Field.  On the night the Cubs beat the Braves in their first post-season NL Division Series win since 1908.  So I got to cap off my day with a ride on the Drunken Fan Train.  Woo-hoo!