Thanksgiving in Iowa   So dinner today was fabulous, and we had more than the whole family here: Mom, Dad, my sister, her husband, my adorable niece and nephew, Dad's sister Nancy visiting from Denver, and our family friend Gingie.  And now everyone is safe and healthy and happy ... and incredibly full.  And my cold feels like it's on its way out.  I feel so blessed today I could just pee.  The drive home last night was  almost  uneventful.  The traffic reports had been grim all day, and I kept hanging out at work waiting for the all-clear that never came.  I finally took off at 7:00 (mostly because the garage closes at 7:00 and I'd probably lose my car for the whole holiday weekend if I didn't leave before then) -- and I was pleased to discover that the roads were reasonably empty and miraculously fast-paced.    So I just sailed along, driving responsibly (as always) and listening to all my favorite CDs (but not singing along as is my usual custom because my damn throat still hurt) ... when suddenly -- in lowly Clarence, Iowa -- my rearview mirrors were filled with the flashing lights of a self-righteous small-town cop.  Now, I haven't had a speeding ticket since I was in college (in the late 1980s, for those of you keeping score at home), and I haven't had an accident since probably 1993, so I figured my nearly spotless record would speak volumes for my character -- especially when I found out I was going a measly 38 in a 30-mph zone -- and I'd get off with just a friendly warning.     And I was right.   So not only was the cop reasonable and polite and properly deferential to such a model citizen as I, but he was also pretty hot.  After checking all my paperwork, he told me to drive carefully and wished me a safe journey home.  I tried my best to convey  thanks  and   see what happens when you're a good citizen 99.99% of the time?  and  I'm single and you have my name and address, you handsome copper  you  all in one smile as I drove off.    I don't know if he got all that, but I did make it home safely. Just like he told me to do.