A weekend at Shangri-Lodge   We're back.  And we had a BLAST.  Some highlights:   Friday   We get to the cabin around 8:00 after stocking up on groceries at our friendly neighborhood Jewel.  The cabin is small but cheerfully decorated in early antlers -- all macho and hunter-like but with a fabulous gay flair.  After unpacking and shooting the breeze for a while, we order a $25 pizza (who knew pizza was more expensive outside the city?) and play two games of Cranium.  Nick and I beat Dan and Phil both times -- even though I can't draw a toupee with my eyes closed and Nick can't remember the name of Beethoven's  Ode to Joy .   Saturday   Day one of sleeping in.  Breakfast of fried egg sandwiches and juice.  Then a nice drive into Lake Geneva for some touristy shopping and chocolate eating.  Urp.  After coming home to clean up, we meet up with Dan and Mark at their MASSIVE and totally cool new lodge (which would make a great setting for a wilderness-themed circuit party).  We arrive just in time to catch the total lunar eclipse from their back yard, and then we head out for an awesome dinner (boeuf au poivre ... mmm).  Then back to the lodge for hot tubbing, cat-petting and gossip.  Very fun night.   Sunday   Day two of sleeping in.  I could get used to this.  Another breakfast of fried egg sandwiches -- this time with the sausage and bacon we forgot to make on Saturday.  Then Dan beats my ass at Scrabble on the sun porch while Nick and Phil take a walk around the lake.  At 2:00 we meet up with the Dan-and-Mark Dan for some antiquing in nearby scenic Woodstock.  I almost buy a totally cool 27"x72" Bacchus lithograph-looking print for my front hall, but when I get home I find out it won't fit where I want to put it unless I move three light switches.  Damn.  And I was all ready to fork over my $250.  I have to see how complicated the switch-moving would be ...  Now I'm home with a fat-distended belly and smoky  everything  'cause it's leaf-burning season in Wonder Lake.  And we can't wait to go back!