My sister has been beside herself with excitement contemplating the potential implications of the  Chicago  magazine photographer's   offhand remarks  last week that she wants to set me up with   Nate Berkus . (The photographer has not done anything to follow up on her remarks, by the way. And I think that my sister is  far  more interested in the benefits of having a talented and disarmingly handsome designer-in-law than in securing her brother's romantic happiness.)  Anyway, I had never heard of Nate Berkus (who is apparently Oprah's favorite designer), and when my sister breathlessly informed me that he was going to be on Oprah yesterday, I TiVo'd the program and watched it last night. And aside from being affable and talented and filled with a charming aw-shucks self-confidence, Nate is also an undeniable hottie. (He has this Jude Law thing goin' on, and I've been a Jude Law fan since I saw him naked on Broadway in "Indiscretions" in 1995 -- way before he was famous.)  I also really like what Nate did with the apartment makeover on yesterday's show.  (I also like the fact that the apartment belonged to a woman named Jenny (my sister's name) and she had a son named Jake (my name).  Coincidence?  Fate?  You decide.)  I have since learned, though, that I have another tenuous connection to Nate through my friend Anders.  And Anders thinks that Nate is a lot shorter than I am.  And everyone knows that you choose the filthy homosexual lifestyle so you can meet someone your own size and double your wardrobe.  So the Nate-and-Jake thing probably would never work out.  While I was getting caught up on my television culture last night, I also saw the  Queer Eye for the Straight Guy  featuring the   breathtaking figure skater  with the thighs and abs of death and the brilliant    South Park   featuring the Ninja weapons, a not-so-invisible Cartman tiptoeing naked across a stage, and a message lambasting our culture's fascination with violence and misguided offensensitivity to nudity.