         Hello. Monday, SF had a Remembrance Day interfaith service. I watched it live. There were 12 to 14 different faiths represented. The most touching speech was given by a Muslim woman who wanted to give a "face" to who Muslims are. She said that she always considered herself a wife, a mother, a neighbor and that it was not until that "Tuesday" [Sept. 11] did she ever consider herself as the face of the enemy. She said the Koran does not condone violence or hatred. Another woman read from the Koran. A minister from the Metropolitan Church representing the LGBT community says that her community understood what it is like to be scapegoated and to be the recepients of hatred and violence. A Baptist minister got the most applause and a huge standing ovation when he said that the Koran mentioned removing "jehad" (sp?) from the self. He said the U.S. jehad is racism, sexism, homophobia, and xenophobia. He said our suffering would not be gone until we remove this from ourselves. At that service at the Civic Center, people of every stripe was there. I have never seen such a peaceful and moving service such as this. It filled me with awe and hope. I wished this was aired live throughout the nation. This is what I felt our country was about. I want to see more things like this. I'm tired of the images of the towers collapsing over and over again. I'm tired of hearing about the violent bigotry Americans are acting upon other Americans.    I cannot get to my on-line diary. This sucks. I posted the e-mail my friend sent me about her narrow escape from the WTC. I am so happy my friend and her co-workers got out alive. Her story was amazing. The way she helped her co-workers was so brave. She's too modest to call herself a hero.   My sister knew that I personally dislike making decisions. She already knows I also dislike formal occassions, and she knows that she would be asking a lot from me to be just a bridesmaid. Her maid of honor is a friend from church who has already gone through numerous wedding preparations before--besides, she really loves doing that kind of stuff.    I think this is your wedding, and I feel you have the right to decide who your maid of honor will be. Same goes for Brian: he has the right to decide who his best man will be. Heck, at a friend's wedding, the bride did not have a maid of honor--she had a best man (and she had a younger sister); and the groom did not have a best man--he had a best woman.