         Hi, everyone! I'm back! I wanted to see if I could eat a vegetarian diet for 21 days. That quickly ended when I saw my father cooking up a steak yesterday. After a week of eating whole grains, pinto and/or black beans, baby green salads, hummus etc. I got so sick eating the steak. I should've started eating eggs, fish, poultry and then moved up the food chain.    I did not have the Reiki attunement. I already had my Reiki I attunement last year so it would be redundant to do it again. I was only taking this workshop as a refresher course--learn new hand positions and try to grasp what I could not understand the first time around. Reiki is "universal life energy." Many cultures talk about this energy: the Chinese call it "Qi" or "Chi, " the Japanese call it "Ki," and it has also been called "prana." Everyone has this energy, but it in order to be a clearer channel of this Reiki, one gets initiated by a Reiki Master (Teacher) through what's commonly called an "attunement." Reiki balances the energy in one's self and aids a person in his or her own healing process. A person who has an attunement can do self-treatments or do treatments for others.    I don't normally dress up for Halloween. My friend Amy said she was thinking of dressing as Anne Sexton (the confessional poet who committed suicide by gassing herself in the car garage). I said I would be willing to be Sylvia Plath if she would go through with it. (Sylvia Plath did herself in by sticking her head in a gas oven.) Amy has a habit of dressing in "obscure" historical figures. She's gonna end up dressing up as a Bolshevik or a French whore (I can't remember which historical period). Amy said I could dress as a pastry tray, but I said I'm too afraid of being attacked by birds.    Ching, I think Gladys (my sister) and her husband JP would be pleased to be starting a new trend in cake toppers. It sure beats paying 500 dollars for a candy version of yourself.    My mother is willing to get rid of the 70s orange flower-printed couch and matching loveseat. She is also willing to get rid of the oriental rug. Unfortunately, Salvation Army is not co-operating. They keep delaying their pick-up times. Grrrrr.  I swear the house I grew up in looked like a Filipino-version stage setting for the Brady Bunch.    Have a Happy Halloween!