          Finally, 33 years after I first heard "The Age of Aquarius", I saw "Hair" last night.  It was, of course, a bit dated - but it was aware of its datedness.  The movie was made in 1979, from a play first performed in 1967 or '68.  Directed by Milos Forman.   For all the hit music that came from this (Let the Sun Shine In, Good Morning Starshine, Easy to be Hard, AofA, Hair)  I was completely unprepared for how good the performances were going to be.  Whoever the girl was singing AofA at the opening positively roared!  Cheryl Barnes did a deep and beautiful Easy to be Hard, and even the ridiculous Good Morning Starshine (Glitty gloop gloppy...) - sung by Beverly D'Angelo, no less - had a gritty feel to it, helped along by some gospelly sounding harmonies from the other leads.   There was a lot of Broadway style filler and silliness, too - some pretty good, some just weird.  But the story line just blew me away - I had no idea what was coming at the end.  If you can get past the silly parts and the anachronisms, this is a powerful movie - Treat Williams, a Pan-style character through most of this, becomes Christlike at the end, John Savage is an excellent and unassuming everyman as Claude Bukowski,  Beverly D'Angelo is full of surprises as the society girl who gradually loses her frosty society ways and becomes a regular person.   Also interesting to see some TV celebs - Nell Carter, and the house mother from "Facts of Life".  And some guest vocals from Ronnie Dyson and Melba Moore.   The famous nude scene from the play isn't there, but Beverly shows her goodies a few times, and lots of guys get naked - including a very funny scene at the draft board.   Best part for me, though, was the music.  The "hit" songs sounded so much better in this movie than the bland versions from 5th Dimension, 3 Dog Night, and whoever that was who had the hit with "Good Morning Starshine" (ick!).   Now - if you guys want to make Daf feel REALLY old, just say something like "I've never heard of any of these songs or groups or people".   Where's my damn oatmeal?!   Daf