         Weddings, marriages, engagements, brides maids, grooms men....ACK! I have set perception. I see the topic of wedding everywhere: videos, on TV, men's confessions of propsosal jitters on the web, people talking about their sisters getting married in online diaries, etc. I'm nervous just being a bridesmaid. So far, I'm the only person who volunteered to help the maid of honor with the bridal shower. My sister had the most difficult time finding fabric for the bridesmaid dresses. She had to deal with so much rudeness at the fabric store, and the other store she went to got robbed. Speaking of engagement rings, my sister's was a half carat in a platinum ring. My mom estimates a thousand. My engagement ring was cubic zirconium (sp?). No one noticed, not even me. My ex-fiance admitted it to me years after the fact.      Vince, I can empathize with your situation. I would be nervous too. Then again, I don't have any pressure to propose to anyone soon. Last time I suggested marriage to my significant other--she kinda laughed. Anyway, Vince don't worry. I'm sure she'll be happy with whatever you give her simply because it's coming from  you and it's you she loves. Well, that and the fact that she would probably be so excited about your proposal she would overlook the size. It's not the size of the diamond that matters; it's the size of the heart of the giver.      Ching, I was hoping you would narrow it down for me--otherwise a blurb can easily become a long meandering personal essay. *sigh* oh well. I'll think of something. I bet you are dying for a photo of me. LOL tough titties...ain't gonna happen.      Regarding OD, happy reading, Ching. Some of it maybe redundant cuz you already know my life story; you can skip those entries if you want. As for the rest of you, if you want my diarist name, just send me an e-mail at gleetv@yahoo.com (those who write why they need to read my drivel will get the quickest response).      I heard Berlin and Depeche Mode were gonna be in the Bay Area. Maybe they already played. I cannot keep up with everything.      A video store? I thought Clerks took place in a convenience store, at least that's how I remember it. I'm going to have to rent it again. When I first saw it, I was watching it with the sexiest guy who was not the least interested with me much to my frustration and chagrin.