         k..im not really sad, more like very disappointed. LOUiEY is now my ex. oFFiciaLLy and definite. *sigh* he attempted to cheat on me wed nite. i had an iLL premonition of sum sort, but i cant believe what he'd done... or tried to. he actually rented a motel for him & his goddaughter's mom, JEN. she knew that i wouLdnt listen 2her unless i saw it with my own eyes. weLL, he was soo mad when i confronted him that he went aLL violent. to stop him from hitting anything - me, my car, or his - (we were in front of his house) i held on him like a claw. he would accidently hit me, but then he'd become worse and actually intentionally hit me. he told me the girl lured him there....to borrow money. i knew it wasnt true bec he couldnt face me, look me in the eye, and he smelled smoke. he never smoked...well, not that i now of. the biggest bad thing tho wus why at a motel. he never put me in a hotel. he offered her money for her bills etc. while i paid for most his bills. im not crying, im pass that, u guys. im not even angy. just confused and hurting from the bruises i received. i was soo dumb! i said sorry for kicking his ass too coz i dont belive anybody should do that to anybody. it felt good, and that's why maybe i feel so bad about it. its really over and i dont feel anything  but numbness. i cant even tell my real friends yet... you guys know because i dont know u that well, and maybe you wont call me stupid. his family stood there while he threw his shoe at me. his friends covered for him and said he would never do that... he loves me daw. poeple ive helped so many times knew but didnt say anything until it was jen he tried to victimize. wow, nobody cares. inside i was screaming, someone help me...defend me...give me a hug...  im scared that he mite have done this before... u know i could catch a disease. im scheduling my appt as soon as i get my stuff from his room. i put all the pictures/clothes there, and i think i should take them with me. am i wrong about this? gosh, i screwed up big time. why do i feel as if ill be paying for this for a long while...thanx 4reading this.