          First BloodSport  Rambo and Van Damme duel to the death in the Kumite where only the best fighter will prevail.  Rambo ran away from the law and now trains to defeat the prevailing champion Frank W. Dux played by Van Damme.  All blood, guts, and fury.  Dot's cousin Stephanie is selling   Cutco .  Shes using the job as marketing experience for college.  After all she is an undergrad in NYU's Stern.  Prior to her first presentation, Stephanie was crudely attempting to cut a penny to resemble a falic corkscrew.  Sad to say that she failed miserably.  Dot and I visited Stephanie at her dorm as she was preparing for her presentation.  I tried to make one too and at first encountered failure.  The penny looked like a mangle tool whit pieces of it sticking upward.  It resembled a small pinwheel.  Then I figured out a trick by using the back edges of the Cutco scissors the penny buckled, twisted and I formed it to look like a corkscrew.  This left Stephanie enthusiastically happy and I showed her my trick to making it.  She then asked me to help me with her presentation.  Dot was just smiling.  We took the train to our friend Peter's apartment who was Stephanie's appointment for the night.  When we got there, Stephanie did her schtik and won Peter over with her presentation.  I gave an impromtu show with the penny cutting and when the show was over.  Peter was ready to buy the big knife for his kitchen. He gave Stephanie some constructive criticism about her presentation.  Steph took it positively.  We were so glad that she was handling herself professionally that Dot and I gave her some referrals. Dot's other cousin Kathy arrived later for the show.  She was a little more light mannered and comedically criticized her presentation. "Knives?  Why would I want a knife that costs 3 times as much as what I already have?".  Stephanie gave her scripted reply "These knives arent your normal variety knives...".  Although Kathy didnt buy anything, she applauded Stephanie for her professionalism.  Anyone interested in the greatest knife in the world? =)  April, you are going to Vegas?  Sweet!  My advice is to book the car rental from the airport.  The rentals at the hotels are almost double what it costs at the airport.  The trick to commuting around Las Vegas is WALKING.  One can visit more casinos in a day just by walking.  Parking is a bitch any time of day.  If you find one in the lots.. its probably far from the casino and you will have to walk anyway.  They have trams that take you from casino to casino this is an alternative to walking.  Schedule the rental when you will be taking road trips out of the Vegas Strip.  more to come NET