         Vince -- Congrats on the new toy!  I've had my DVD burner (came with my setup, also from Dell) for a while now but I've yet to rip any movies.  I've made some DVD Picture Shows (Ulead program) of our wedding pictures but that's about it.  The problem that I encounter when I try to copy DVDs (not that they want to make it easy because it certainly would be bad for business, I just wanted to try it for the sake of doing it) is that most DVDs are 7GB and the media that I have only has 4GB or so capacity.  When you figure out how to rip DVDs, please let me know!  April -- Haven't seen Lumpia but I will try to look for it.  I was just surprised to see The Debut in a mainstream video store (rather than an Asian/Filipino joint).  I heard about it from  Trinnah  but before that I didn't know what it was.  I was thrilled because it's the first movie ever made about our lives.  That's a milestone.  Yes, it's low-budget and had areas of improvement but as a first step it was amazing.  Brian actually enjoyed watching it (surprise). He laughed at some of the jokes that most non-pinoys wouldn't get.  Like when the two white friends were chowing down on Filipino food and this guy goes, "This stuff is really good!  Specially this CHOCOLATE meat stuff!"  Brian and I busted up laughing.  We assumed that he was referring to dinuguan, of course.  If he only knew!  Anyway, Brian said that the acting wasn't too bad.  Tirso Cruz III did a really great job playing the father role.  Brian said that the only bad acting in the movie came from (no offense Jay) the white actors.  I tend to agree with him but I explained that the GOOD white actors are expensive and with the movie being independent and low-budget and all, they couldn't afford to hire them.  GOOD Filipino actors on the other hand are cheap and easy to come by.  At any rate, the main character Ben is played by Dante Basco who incidentally also play Rufio in the movie Hook (with Robin Williams).  Brian (the movie buff that he is) recognized him almost instantly.  I doubted him at first.  It took half of the movie for me to realize it as well and finally agree.  I was so excited about the movie, I had to share it with my mom.  So we dropped it off on Sunday and then Brian will pick it up Wednesday so we can return the DVD on Thursday.  I love Hollywood videos!!  Mom wasted no time and watched the movie last night.  She loved it, too.   I think it's a great movie not just for Filipinos to watch but also other folks because it gives great insight into our culture.  Anyway, that's my bit about The Debut.  P.S.  Does anyone have a Loews Ciniplex in their area?  I have some movie coupons that I need to give away because they expire at the end of the year.  Email me your address if you want them!