The elections are over. And now, please cue the remarkably bad analysis.  Remarkably bad might be a bit much, although Andrew Coyne's shift from Conservative Triumphalism on Saturday to   Bitter Old Crone  this morning in the National Post marks one edge of the Lunatic Fringe.  The   Globe and Mail  also goes a bit too far, in my opinion... and seems too dire by a touch in its assessment of what this election will mean for westerners, for instance. Make no mistake, there are deep divisions, but perhaps we shouldn't jump to the conclusion that these will end Canada As We Know It.  The Canadian media made a couple of errors that the American media has made in assessing voter attitudes and intent. First, there was a lack of sense about voter behavior and the very simple tendency of angry voters to simmer down and think more carefully and strategically when stationed in the booth with a ballot in front of them. Second, media discovered, to their dismay, that voters failed to stick to the simple script they had written for this election: the voters are mad as hell and not going to take it anymore. Well, in fact, that was not the case. Voters were, and are, angry and pissy, but their response has been punishment, not blind rage.  Paul Martin has a mandate, even though he and his party now enter a phase of minority rule. The mandate is, perhaps, not the traditional affirmation from voters. But, in fact, 39% of voters have turned to the Liberal party... and more than half of voters have allied themselves with the center-left policies of the Liberal and New Democratic parties, not to mention the considerable support for the Bloc in Quebec. Part of this mandate is to continue those center-left policies, yes. But part of that mandate is also an expectation that the Liberals will keep their promises and clean up their act.  This is punishment, but it's kind of like the judgment a parent would pass on a child: you can be forgiven, but there will be consequences.  Two key themes, then, in my opinion: punishment, but ultimately, acceptance of the Liberals. It might be a grudging acceptance in the absence of an acceptable alternative, but acceptance is what it is. Politics isn't often pretty and this victory is a perfect example. The other theme is the repudiation of Stephen Harper's Conservatives. Not for all time, perhaps. But despite an election called just weeks after the party merger, voters gave Harper a chance and then turned away from him to return, largely, to the center-left. Some of this was because of negative advertising. Some of this was because of uncertainty. But it was also because Harper was unable or unwilling to present a clear, unambiguous vision for Canada. When he did talk vision, Liberals accused him of a secret agenda. Why did the charge stick? Because Harper's statements and careful reporting seemed to give credence to that view. It was also because Harper's desire to present a moderate face to Canadian voters was difficult to sustain in his stitched-together coalition as other members of his party stepped forward with more extreme views about abortion and gay rights, among other issues.  Issues like the long-term prospects for Liberals in the West, and Canadians' concerns about democracy aren't dire. But that's not to say they don't exist and that they don't need to be addressed. What is called for is a sense of proportion.  And now, let's look ahead to a minority government for Canada. The experience of minority government has been positive, in part. Maybe that will be the case this time. It will certainly be interesting.