         I'll admit it. I used to snicker at those "where have our manners gone" diatribes. They were the product of old, boring  and haughty people with little to worry about in life except whether to guy standing next to them was chewing his gum a little too loudly.  This was my opinion... until last night.  The boyfriend and I joined a couple of other friends for a night at the theater. We were all pretty excited about seeing "Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon." Scheduling a screening at a time that would work for everyone was hard, but we managed to make it work for Tuesday night. The Michigan Theater is a theater in the grand tradition and it's been beautifully restored. So, in short, a good movie with good friends in a good theater.  How could we go wrong?  Well, here's how. A couple sitting directly behind us talked all the way through the movie. It was a not-so low-level dialogue that began sometime after the opening scene and conitnued intermittently through the entire film to the closing credits. The conversation included such gems as "They're flying! Is that a metaphor?" Also, "Was that a flashback?" as well as a few nicely positioned "What just happened?" queries.  Now I tend to be a pretty flexible guy. But there are some things I think are important in life. Now, it's obviously down the list a little ways, but "No talking during movies" is one of those principles. You can talk during the trailers. You can play the "Movie Quiz" or try to guess the actor's name from the mixed up letters (why is it always Antonio Banderas?). But once the movie company logo is on the screen, that's it until the closing credits roll.  I suppose I should have just said something to them. I wouldn't have been an ass. I could've said something like, "Do you mind?" Or I could have given them The Look of Death. Instead, I seethed quietly. That's the kind of guy I am... and in my opinion, it's a failing of mine. I kept all the frustration bottled up and by the end of the movie, as their discussions were getting more frequent, I was ready to pull out a gun and shoot them both.  There should be something you can do that's sort of a "middle road" between and a look and a shotgun.  Mace?