         I broke my isolation briefly today... spending a few hours at lunch with my friend Jason. More than a week and a half into my stay here, he's the first person I've spent time with... and he might be the last. I guess it's odd to say that I'm alone because the more accurate thing to say might be that I'm alone in crowds. I'm spending all my time in coffee shops reading or listening to live bands... working out... browsing the electronics stores... and then doing more reading. None of that time is actually isolation. And then there's also the fact that I'm on TV every night on a network watched by more than a million viewers a week in my home state. But regardless... I am alone and it feels good. Although less good this week than it did last. Last week was heaven. This week, I'm starting to miss friends more. I've been in touch with Matt and Chris daily by phone... as is my habit. But the phone is never enough and within a few days I'll be ready to get back home again... even if it does mean an end to this virtual vacation.  One of the truly great benefits of being on vacation is having the luxury of spending a solid hour or more every day with the newspaper. If you have a few minutes and you want to try to stretch your mind around this idea... check out this new and controversial   theory of the universe from Science Times .  I've decided that when I'm finally finished with my show and can reclaim a chunk of my life... I'm going to: 1) subscribe to the NY Times. 2) subscribe to Harpers, The New Republic, Rolling Stone, and who knows what else. 3) read one more book every month. Are you laughing yet? Well, damn it I need these fantasies so I can be happy. It's the ideal versus the reality of the situation, I guess.  Microsoft is releasing the second beta of   Office 2003 . It looks pretty and has number of nifty new features. I still think Office for OS X looks even better. But hey, it's new and it comes right at the point when I'm looking for some new software to play with. I'll play with the beta of Office 2003... just as I did with Office XP a couple years ago. Might mean a few more system crashes... but I could use a new toy in my life right now-- short of a boy-toy, I guess.  I will finish Proust tomorrow. It's amazing that after about 6 years, I'm nearly finished. On Sunday, nearly 6 years and 3500 pages after the taste of a madeleine soaked in tea brought back a flood of memories to the narrator... the same man tripped on a paving stone and discovered the secret to experience and the meaning of memory. Of course, a few other things have happened along the way. :) In any case, the journey is nearly over.  I don't think I've ever offered a high recommendation for the books... but I think they should rank among the greatest novels ever written. If you can hack it, you should give them a shot. Just don't give up too soon or I think you'll miss out on the greatness of this novel.  I logged on to gay.com on Sunday evening for what I thought would be a few minutes. And there, chosen as the "Hot Guy of the Day" type person was a guy who looked like my friend Joe from Milwaukee. It's been at least a year since I'd talked to him... so if nothing else, his handsome face led to a quality hour of catching up and good-feeling. He dropped me an email yesterday:  I have received hundreds of responses, very few of which I actually read.  It's been an interesting experience to have guys from all over the country writing and offering to be my next boyfriend.  Are gay men so shallow that they base their compatibility with somebody based solely on photos and a few sentences in a profile?  For the 478 guys who have written to me, i would say yes.