         Apparently. I think I have a touch of it and I think it was the  pizza . I bought some by-the-slice late last night. It was a great splurge-- in terms of calories and fat-- and it tasted so good! And as the guy was warming up my two slices, I thought, "hmmm.... wonder how long that's been sitting around." My guess now is that it was too long. I'm not suffering greatly or anything... just feeling slightly feverish and enduring the   you-know-what . It really is a storm raging inside you.  But, I'm not going to let this keep me from enjoying my weekend-- even though I won't be more than 20 feet from a bathroom today. So let's consult the Internet, the motherlode of information, to find some items sure to fascinate.  I don't know if it's the subject, the pure wonder expressed by the writer, or just the title itself... but for days now, I've been obsessed with "  Detroit---Stove Capital of the World ." The   University of Michigan    News Service  has been slicing through the fat... right down to the meat of history. God bless 'em.  This   story  would be funny, except that it's true. A 24 year old former CEO (yes, that's not a typo) who's fresh from running his last company into the ground, has a plan to buy   Salon , fire everyone, replace all the original content with syndicated stuff... and make it profitable in 30 days. It's just so crazy, it... it's completely crazy! To call this a hostile takeover is probably justified.  Continuing in this vein because it's oh so rich, here are   plans to put a hotel on the moon . I can't imagine the convention revenue is going to be that high, but there are plenty of places on earth that also   lack atmosphere ... and they're still attracting tourists, so there ya go.   Typos We Love   This one got caught pretty fast, I think, but not before my   RSS    software  grabbed it... and I quote now from   BBC Sci/Tech News :   Atlantis nears space station dicking. The Atlantis orbiter, carrying a new "front door" for the International Space Station (ISS), is making its final approach prior to its docking at 0253 GMT Saturday 14 July.