         Today's post is coming a little later than usual because of problems with the Blogger site (actually DNS craziness) and then several hours of connectivity problems at the University of Michigan.  So anyway, here I am.  Yesterday, I sprained my finger tossing the football with the roommate Dave. I'd show you which finger but it wouldn't be nice of me.  The Daver has been trying to run sprints regularly to improve his cardio fitness. So last night we ran 'em together out on the roof of the parking garage behind our loft in lovely downtown Ann Arbor. This is supposedly the oldest multi-level parking garage in the country. It was built sometime in the early 1950's. And if the developers get their way it'll be coming down in the next year or two to make way for a 5 or 7 story retail/office/condo thingy. But for now, it's an underutilized parking garage-- perfect staging for our football/sprint sessions.  Now, let's just spare all of us by being upfront about this. I suck at running sprints. I don't have any practice doing that kind of high-level, short-burst cardio activity. So I suck royally. Am I willing to suck at some skill in front of Dave? If you knew the stuff he knows about me, you'd know this would be the least of my worries. Besides our plan has been to work out together in the fall if there's time. So I'll probably excel on the weight bench and he'll beat me in \other stuff. This is the thing, you see. I've opted for the pecs and six pack abs... but do they help much if a mugger challenges me to run sprints? You got that right.  I had my first Highly Unsubtle Cruising Moment in a long time at the gym yesterday. I enter the gym... walk down the hall... call my workout partner a "fucker" (because I can) as I walk by him sitting on a bench... walk into the locker room... and encounter some little dark haired twink.. probably 21 yo.  Apparently he knows the path to the sauna by heart because he's looking over his shoulder the whole time... smiling. He enters the sauna... smiling. Sits down in such a way that the window perfectly frames his face. He doesn't stop smiling. Now, I've been the target of a small amount of cruising at the gym-- less than most guys, I'm sure. But when it does happen to me, it always seems to be so blatant that it's almost a parody.  It's like when people meet an older person and they automatically start talking very loudly and slowly.  I stopped back a few minutes later because I forgot my workout gloves in the locker-- no  really  I did-- and there he was... looking out that window. Gosh, he's a happy fella, I thought.