         Here's the latest essay about life in London. It comes from my friend, Rick, who's on assignment there for a technology and communications company.     Mixed Media   11/29/01 London   Yesterday I visited the BBC-- or at least part of it-- at Television Centre in White City, away from the center of London where the Underground rises into the daylight.  The Queen had been there just ahead of me for some sort of occasion, so I was briefly and erroneously flattered by the large turnout of security personnel in my honor.  Television Centre is a 1950s-era circular building that has been added to over the years in the form of a couple of large wings.  A few months ago a powerful car bomb exploded at the curb on Wood Lane, shattering the glass front several stories high and doing considerable damage to another BBC building across the street and perhaps 500 yards away.  It was a big bomb.  Now the front is boarded up and covered with scaffolding, while crews construct some sort of bombproof skin.  Inside, the business of broadcasting goes on as usual.  What was once a light and airy interior is more like a cave.  On the second floor I visited the largest sports newsroom in the world.  I was impressed, and I don't have any interest in sports at all.  Amid row after row of desks and computer terminals, scores of reporters and editors hustled back and forth servicing television, domestic and overseas radio, and BBC Sport Online.  In one corner a television reporter did a live update, while a radio presenter read a brief report with his head tucked into a wooden box built over his desk for acoustic purposes.  It is ironic that a single nation could produce such a range of media styles. The home of the staid and serious BBC, the steady voice of reason and comfort in war and peace for much of the 20th Century, has also misbegot such progeny as shrieking tabloids and slapstick television comedy that makes Vaudeville look like Greek tragedy.  And America often snaps it up.  The other night I watched the original "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?" that ABC and Regis Philbin appropriated for US audiences.  The host here, Chris Tarrant, is genuinely witty and urbane-- nothing, in other words, like Regis, who can't even pronounce half the answers to the questions.  The contestants are still better, coming from what seems an endless supply of dotty competitors for whom the nation seems to serve as Central Casting.  On this episode a woman battled her way through one question after another, determined not to use her lifelines but forced to do so when the topics were foreign to her.  She was completely stumped when asked, "What sport does Shaquill O'Neal play?"  She complained under her breath that the topics were not the ones she'd hoped for, then muttered, "I don't know, but she sounds Irish."  In the end, she managed to guess her way out of her predicament, and ultimately walked away with £250,000, probably into the waiting arms of the Exchequer.  -- Rick