         Here's the latest essay about life in London. It comes from my friend, Rick, who's on assignment there for a technology and communications company.    The Weekend   11/25/01 London   Last night I strolled along Tottenham Court Road, poking into endless bookshops, and observing the spikey-haired punks arrayed along the street, with enough metal piercings and rivets to spin compasses and ground steamships against the white cliffs of Dover.  But they were harmless enough, and more evidence that this seems like a safe city as much as anything.  The other night in Leicester Square I saw a neatly-painted sign, about four feet tall.  It was a message from the police, seeking information from the public about an incident last month in which an Asian man had been hit on the head with a bottle and later died.  It seemed an awfully polite form of investigation, and one any number of suspects in cities like Los Angeles and New York would prefer over the traditional rubber-hose approach.  Today in an Underground station I heard an announcement--not for the first time on this trip--that a station was closed temporarily for investigation of a suspicious package found on a train.  After years of experience with exploding cars and trash cans due to the "troubles" in Northern Ireland, they have learned to handle threats with a large degree of aplomb.  More to the point, they routinely take the public into their confidence.  On the last two Sundays I have visited two of London's biggest gift shops: the British Museum and Harrod's.  Today was the day for the latter, once I deciphered the Tube map--  from Oxford Circus on the Victoria Line to Green Park, then on the Picadilly Line to Knightsbridge.  It took just minutes and helped amortize the outrageous cost of my monthly transport pass.  I had no idea what Herrod's looked like, but I knew it the moment I saw it: a six-story domed brownstone behemoth, decorated with stylized Christmas trees and looming imperiously over the snazzy fashion shops all around it.  On the two sides facing the street, the fine art of window dressing is alive and well. Inside, it's the best job of set decorating since "Miracle on 34th Street" cheered a war-weary nation in the year I was born.  This is what a proper department store should look like.  The decorations were so big and bold they looked like they had to be permanent.  There was music discreetly piped into just certain rooms, and only quiet murmuring in a dozen languages elsewhere.  The prices are beyond the reach of anyone I know.  The Egyptian Room offers fabulous jewelry and a soaring gold Sphinx (no photos please).  The Luxury Hall--oddly singled out in this edifice of excess--has purses individually displayed in glass cases like museum exhibits for a thousand dollars and more.  I saw a Mont Blanc advent calendar--a sort of giant doll house with many doors--for half a million pounds. Down in the basement food court, there are steaks, grouse, cheeses, all looking like they were wrapped by jewelers and priced accordingly.  Parents and children stood in a long line on the fifth floor to see Father Christmas, who was himself ensconced in a mirrored hall behind double doors and invisible to those not accompanied by children.  Nearby, an overdressed woman chatted on a cell phone while rocking a baby carriage the size of my car, and probably worth considerably more.  I couldn't believe anyone would bring such a contraption into a crowded store.  It's the people-watching, after all, that makes this city so fascinating.  On the upper deck of the bus the other night, an older man laden with shopping bags tripped as he walked up the aisle, thanks to a younger man taking up an entire double sat as well as the aisle.  I had almost tripped over him myself.  The man with the bags collapsed into an empty seat, cursing the first man as clumsy, uncaring, discourteous, and worse.  The other man began talking back, his feet still planted in the aisle, and the two proceeded to goad each other into an ever higher state of distress.  The older man waved his old-age pensioner bus pass in the air.  The younger man didn't care.  Then suddenly the tension began to ease.  The older man actually thanked the younger one, who turned out to be Italian, for helping to get his blood pressure up so he would be motivated to write, which he said was his profession.  By the time we got to my stop, less than ten minutes later, the two had become fast friends, and the writer was reciting and explaining his poetry to the other.  Go figure.  England, its armadas and colonies long gone, is still nothing if not a civil and civilized place.  When I was in Amsterdam last year, I thought the famously-tolerant Dutch were really more disinterested and self-absorbed than anything.   But perhaps it's the English who are the tolerant ones.  Their empire may be a bit worn around the edges, and their plumbing unarguably disastrous, but if there is one thing the centuries can not take away, it is class.  -- Rick