         My friend Rick is in London on business. From time to time, he writes about his experiences there. I'll be sharing several of his essays here... and I imagine they'll continue even after he returns home to Washington, D.C.  Here's his latest post:    Pied Piper Wanted   11/23/01 London   Another typical, non-holiday week in London is coming to a close, meaning that every Londoner in sight has rushed to the nearest pub and left me in peace at the office.  I can take a moment to gaze out the window at the lamplit greensward of Soho Square, with its quaint Tudor gazebo that I learned today is a disguised vent for the Underground's Picadilly Line.  Nearby Marshall Street is built over a mass graveyard of victims of the Great Plague of 1665, so there's no telling what else is being vented.  The rats I've seen scampering between the rails in the Tube station don't look anything like a sinister, confident, cat-sized New York City rat that could carry a switchblade and enough diseased fleas to knock off half the population of a large 17th Century city. Then again, who knows what a Plague-bearing rat is supposed to look like?  I, for one, do not plan to fraternize with them.  That means I'd better stay out of the restroom of a basement Indian restaurant I visited last Sunday, where it appeared the last working janitor was a loyal subject of Charles II and is probably buried under Marshall Street.  This weekend I have to face the recalcitrant washing machine.  The cleaning lady kindly left written instructions for deciphering the ancient Egyptian pictographs on the control knobs.  As any idiot could guess, "4" is the setting for "all fabrics," and "1/2" means both wash and dry.  "G" means something else. No one told the poor woman the contraption is broken anyway, with the defective part back-ordered 'til St. Swivens Day.  The only alternative is to run a load of laundry, manually turning the dial through each cycle until the clothes are done or the building is in flames.  After the first failure, I took six shirts and a pair of slacks to the cleaners around the corner (across from the Lebanese turnip store), and explained to the chatty proprietor my dilemma back at the flat.  "Good luck for me then," he observed, handing me a bill for $24.  I guess it was.  I've given up on getting the toilet repaired.  It just seems to flush when it feels like it, which is about 20% of the time.  I think it was manufactured around the time of the Magna Carta, which is Latin for "bad plumbing."  So was the brass faucet set whose knobs and levers knock together when operated.  And the dark, deep maw of the old-fashioned garbage disposal in the kitchen sink--the kind where you put the lid in and turn it to start--well, it just frightens me.  I'm pretty sure there are Plague victims down there too.  But if I survive all that, it's supposed to be a sunny and cool weekend, and I think I'll join the throngs of shoppers on the streets and see what they are seeing.  Maybe I'll even find a cheap ticket to some interesting place for Christmas.  So far the holiday schedule is a total mystery.  -- Rick