         One final essay from my friend Rick, who is saying goodbye to London and preparing to return to America.    Happy Christmas and Goodbye   12/21/01   During the last six weeks here I've found myself pondering such weighty matters as the plundering of antiquities, rampant video surveillance, bad restaurant service and The Plague.  I've thought about faulty plumbing, the spectacle of Herrods at Christmastime, and the oddities of British television.  There is a fine line between an eclectic mind, and one that is merely indiscriminate.  Whatever the truth, I've been looking over a few remaining scraps of notes, and I realize that no one who's made a transitory hobby of taking cheap shots at London can leave town without commenting on the language.  For both better and worse, England's English is in a class by itself.  Like any foreign language, some of it is often misunderstood by Americans. "Cheers," for instance, usually means "thanks," not "goodbye."  "Cheerio" would mean "goodbye" if anyone ever said it, but they do not.  Streets known as "mews" are lined with houses that used to be stables.  They are as trendy to their yuppie residents as New York City lofts are to theirs.  The term dates back to the early 1800s.  "Swede" is turnips.  Don't get fooled by that one.  "Bangers and mash" are a popular meal of sausages, mashed potatoes and gravy?often gravy from a can.  The potatoes are called "champ" if made from the Irish recipe, using green onions and lots of milk.  It's a feast that must rush to the aorta like a guided missile.  If the RAF had carpet-bombed the Nazis with bangers and mash, those few Germans not brained with cans of gravy would have died soon thereafter of congestive heart failure, and the war would have ended by 1942 at the latest.  English can be eloquent beyond all reason, as in this formal note pushed through the mail slot of my flat:  "We write to advise you than Andrew will be on holiday for the period 17 December ? 6 January.  In his absence normal arrangements regarding temporary cover will be in hand, however you will no doubt appreciate that such cover will be restrictive over Christmas and the New Year.  We trust however that no unforeseen problems will arise."  Translation: "The janitor is going on vacation.  Carry out your own trash." What do you expect from a people who can be introduced to someone named Nigel without cracking a smile?  But English is at its apogee of impenetrability, I believe, when combined with reporting on the incomprehensible game of cricket.  Behold this single stunning sentence from a news account:  "Hoggard claimed three wickets for 65 runs to pin down Indian hopes of overtaking England's first innings score of 336, leaving the home team struggling at 218 for seven at the draw of stumps."   They might as well be describing a convention of Martian physicists.  For six weeks I have been steeped?happily, for the most part?in curiosities of language, weather, commerce, cuisine (I ate a grilled kidney and lived), art, and tradition.  I walked through big department stores and quaint back streets, rode a lot of double-decker buses, and logged quite a few kilometers on the Tube.  I never got to Buckingham Palace, though in a way, I feel I've even had a brush with royalty.  You see, the bathroom lights in our office are switched on by a motion sensor. A couple of seconds after you throw open the door to the pitch-black room, bright light floods the space in response to your very presence.  Now I know how it feels to be King.  -- Rick