         A new essay now from my friend Rick. He's in London on assignment for a technology and communications company.    Our Lunch with the Inmates at the Asylum Charenton   12/12/01 London   Lunch at Pollo Pasta began unremarkably at our cramped booth next to the kitchen door.  It was, after all, an indifferent little restaurant tucked into a small space on a narrow street in Soho.  A quick and easy lunch, we figured, and then back to the office.  The experience would fade from memory in an instant, like a thousand other rushed repasts.  We didn't expect The Ritz, and in that sense, we were not disappointed.  In hindsight, it's difficult to remember the precise moment when things started to go so hopelessly wrong that they would eventually cross the line to hilarious, and beyond.  Our first clue should have been the countenance of the harried waitress, who approached our table clutching the menus.  She looked like a wild-eyed rabbit being stalked by a ferret.  If she didn't actually have a nervous twitch, she probably does by now.  She left the menus and dashed away as chaotic crashes behind the kitchen door got our attention.  Four heads swiveled toward the new sound.  (Now, much later, I seem to hear veteran moviegoers whispering, "Run, run! She's a vampire, you idiot!")  The door, it should be said, was a heavy wooden slab that looked more like a barricade than a passageway.  There was a horizontal slot cut across it about waist-high, and on the inside could be glimpsed a countertop where plates of food were placed for pickup by the waitstaff and delivery to the tables. Another slot below it was a depository for dirty dishes.  It resembled an armored box office.  We soon learned by observation that the cooks (or blacksmiths, or whatever they were) signaled the waitresses by pounding on the other side of the door--not gently or subtly, but with ham-fisted blows that evoked images of Boris Karloff trying to escape his dungeon.  The waitress came to take our orders: two soups, an avocado appetizer, two orders of garlic bread, and four pastas.  She scribbled this on the ticket and shoved it into the big slot, where an invisible hand took it away into the darkness.  Twenty minutes passed, as we watched the surrounding scene become ever more frantic and disorganized.  The whole business seemed to unravel before our eyes with dizzying speed.  The waitresses would come to the barricade, bend over, and shout through the slot at the unseen cooks beyond--sometimes in English, sometimes Italian, and once in Russian.  It was obvious that some orders were wrong, and most were just late.  Customers in other booths were glowering at their empty tabletops with hooded eyes.  Our waitress, now wearing a dangerous expression, finally approached us with two bowls of soup.  "Here is your spinach soup," she said to one of our colleagues.  "I ordered cream of asparagus soup," he replied, not unkindly.  She offered him a glazed stare.  "We don't have any asparagus soup," she said evenly.  "But it is on the menu."  "I know."  Something in her crazily calm face muzzled him, and he shrank back into the corner of the booth.  He took the soup--a watery gruel of chopped spinach and thin broth--without argument.  It was awful, he soon reported.  By this time plates of pasta could be seen crowding together on the shelf behind the slot, their clotted sauces growing cold.  The waitresses repeatedly came to shout angrily at the cooks through the slot, spraying spittle on the spaghetti.  We heard a waitress negotiate with the restless people in the booth behind us. "If you want to leave now, it's OK," she confided.  "You don't have to pay.  But why not stay and see if it comes in time?"  Moments later their orders finally did come, and they dug into them.  The waitress returned with bad news.  "I checked with the cook, and since you're eating it, now you do have to pay."  Another woman--possibly the manager--actually opened the big door and went inside.  We could hear her shouting over and over, in a Wagnerian tone, "Is anyone working in the kitchen for the first time today?  Anyone!?"  Getting no answer we could detect, she finally tramped out and slammed the heavy door behind her.  Cold plates rattled on the shelf in her wake.  I began to imagine that the kitchen was really that of a competing restaurant, where evil chefs had sawed the slots through the door in an effort to confuse and ultimately ruin the business of Pollo Pasta.  Only two plates of pasta (still not ours) remained on the shelf.  The Colossus of Rhodes thudded his fists against the drawbridge.  Another waitress stomped up to the door in an exasperated huff and grabbed the servings of congealed carbonara, jerking them out through the slot just as a backstage cook tried the aerial application of a fistful of finely chopped parsley.  The intended garnish missed the fast-departing food entirely, shooting out of the slot and drifting onto the floor like a cloud of green snow. This is the kind of moment that makes milk come out of a schoolkid's nose.  It just got better from then on.  One angry waitress returned two plates of food to argue with the cooks that they had sent her to the wrong table.  "They tasted the food at Table 4," she screamed, "and it's not theirs!"  They informed her the orders were for a table downstairs, whereupon she picked up the nibbled servings and carried them off again toward unsuspecting diners.  We began to appreciate our vantage point at the kitchen door.  The rest was anticlimax.  Our food did arrive after about an hour, and it was cold and tasted like flour.  The piece de resistance, a plate of garlic bread, was delivered by an exhausted and shamefaced waitress who knew we didn't want it any more and took it back instantly.  But we didn't care.  Once we realized this was performance art, and not lunch, we couldn't have been more pleased.  It was the new Blue Man Group.  We rose to our feet with cries of "Author, author!" and promised to nominate them for the International Venice Biennale Award for Performance Art.  The similar Turner Prize was wasted just this week in London on Martin Creed, a man who created a bare room illuminated with lights that flash every five seconds.  Judges praised the installation's "strength, rigor, wit and sensitivity to the site."  Flapdoodle.  This was lots better.  We paid our £5.50 apiece with gratitude and returned to our desks as patrons of the arts, refreshed, challenged and spiritually fulfilled.  -- Rick