         Here's Rick's latest essay from London. He's on assignment there for a technology and communications company.    Smile!   12/7/01 London   It would be a delicious irony to find a security camera trained on George Orwell's grave in Oxfordshire.  The sunken little grassy plot in Sutton Courtenay Churchyard may be one of the last places in England without closed circuit TV surveillance.  Even Orwell said the things he described in "1984" and other writings "could happen."  Some of them have.  Big Brother is on every busy street in the places where pickpockets and other footpads flourish.  There are at least two cameras aboard every big red double-decker bus, and presumably an onboard videotape recorder.  Our own smallish office has ten.  They're in a smoked glass dome on the convenience store ceiling.  Alert shopkeepers with walkie-talkies can track a fast-moving picaroon down the block like radar, and the CCTV tapes will have him slapped in the Tower of London before he can say "Miranda."  It didn't occur to me to expect this in London, and it was quite awhile before I even noticed it.  But the British market for CCTV systems was £250 million last year.  One shopping center alone is said to have 700 cameras, and security people to watch them.  "The UK's CCTV market is very advanced and mature compared with those of other countries," crows an industry Website.  "It enjoyed a boom in the mid-1990s, when many large city-centre surveillance schemes were set up."  (The word "scheme" doesn't have the pejorative connotation here that it does in the U.S.)  The government is foursquare behind all this, and in fact, responsible for a lot of it.  The current round of Home Office grants for community CCTV security systems will distribute £108 million to set up thousands of new cameras.  It's no surprise that present-day watchdogs find this to be positively Orwellian.  A civil liberties group running the Website www.spy.org.uk is campaigning for the enactment of rules for the proper use of spy cameras.  They cite, for example, the case of a man who attempted suicide in front of a surveillance camera.  The tape later found its way onto a TV show, to the horror of his relatives.  The government says the cameras serve as an extra pair of eyes to protect the public.  Opponents wonder whose eyes, what they're watching, and what happens to the information they gather.  Orwell wrote, "If you want a picture of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face?forever."   England today seems far too civilized for that kind of thing, but he may have been prescient about the role of pictures in post-1984 society.  Big Brother, thy name is Alan Funt.  -- Rick