         Here's my friend Rick's latest essay from London. He's on assignment there for a technology and communications company    Playing for Keeps   12/2/01 London   While America still sleeps, I'm back from my second visit to the British Museum. It's the capacious attic of an empire that once looted the world without apology, stole the treasures of ancient civilizations, hauled them back, and put them on display alongside quite a few of their mummified former citizens.  There are whole walls of Egyptian tombs and statues of pharaohs the size of elephants, and stone sarcophagi that could hold an elephant apiece.  This is not the archeological equivalent of petty shoplifting.  Mammoth slabs of carving from the Parthenon, known as the Parthenon Marbles, line the walls of an entire gallery, and the Greeks have wanted them back for 150 years.  The Trustees of the British Museum have steadfastly refused.  Lord Byron sided with the Greeks:   Dull is the eye that will not weep to see Thy walls defaced, thy mouldering shrines removed By British hands, which it had best behoved To guard those relics ne'er to be restored. Curst be the hour when from their isle they roved, And once again thy hapless bosom gored, And snatch'd thy shrinking gods to northern climes abhorred!   But the Museum still has all its Marbles.  High relief carvings of Greek warriors, forever frozen in the death-grip of Centaurs, remain bolted to the walls in a gallery designed to be drab so as not to compete with the luminous beauty of the carvings.  Awed tourists shuffle past, whispering.  Don't get me wrong; I'm not sure this kind of cultural plundering is an altogether bad idea.  I suppose I should be outraged by it.  The British have been judged for generations as a nation of rapacious kleptomaniacs.  Still, I was able to walk a few blocks on a Sunday morning and see in a couple of hours what I wouldn't gaze upon in a lifetime of travels.  So did hundreds of other people.  The swag is beautifully displayed in spacious chambers.  Carvings worn by wind or desert sands are protected now, and delicate shards of ancient art won't risk breakage again.  It's a lucky mummy that rests in a climate-controlled glass case after three thousand years in a musty pyramid.  In chamber upon vaulted chamber of African headdresses, 17th Century clocks, Chinese jewelry, Babylonian swords and other spolia opima, the history of the human race is on display for all to see.  If it were locked up somewhere, it might be a different story.  But when you look around and see throngs of children, and hear foreign languages spoken all around you, it's obvious these relics are being put to good use without being put in danger.  In a perfect world, all these treasures would have stayed where they came from, preserved from the elements and from us.  In a perfect world, centuries-old Buddhas wouldn't be blown up in Afghanistan by religious fanatics.  So score one for the British this time.  They didn't abandon the Empire.  They packed it in their steamer trunks and brought it home.  But they shared.  -- Rick