          Gosh... you know...   ... it's been a long time since I've blatantly stolen something from someone else's weblog. So let's rectify that right now.   Brad Graham  publishes some pretty entertaining and thoughtful stuff on his   website . A few days ago, he offered this to his readers:   Ten Actual Titles of Gay Adult Videos   Raiders of the Lost Arse: The Mummy's Hand    Do Me, Ray! and A Few of His Favorite Things   Dawson's Crack    Going Down and Putting Out in Beverly Hills    I Dream of Weenie    Star Track: Voyeur    Star Track: Deep Nine Inches    The Best Little Whorehouse in TEX-ASS    Terms of Endowment    I Know Who You Did Last Summer   Enjoy... either just the titles or the cinematic wonders these titles represent.  Here's a plug for   Jockohomo . He lives in Cleveland, where he maintains a great physique, good sense of humor, excellent   website  and a   cute black dog . I like his take on things. And quite often, I just enjoy the way he writes... the way his words go together.  Some people can write the weather forecast and it's compelling.   Books to Live By    Love is the Killer App  by Tim Sanders I had no intention of recommending this book. My initial impression was that it was yet another one of those "get close to the customer... give them an experience... share stuff" kinds of books. Tim Sanders of Yahoo! talks about all of the above. But first of all there is his zeal... his sheer enthusiasm about his subject. And second, he brings these concepts right into your career and your life.   One of the keys to success is knowledge. Tim reads books like a maniac. And he's written a brilliant section about why we have to be voracious about consuming knowledge... processing it... mining the gold... and then sharing it with others. His section about what to read, why, when and how... is worth the price of the book.   He does the same thing with the tired mantra about networking. He freshens it with a some good advice about how to network... what to do with those contacts-- and, and I think this is great-- how to use your contacts to bring people together. It's not all about me. It's about how I can enrich my life and my circle of friends and colleagues at the same time.  Some of the stuff here is old hat. Some of it's brilliant. And through it all is Tim's missionary-like enthusiasm.