         My friend Rick has sent another letter. He works in London occasionally for a technology company based in Washington, DC.    London, April 7   Yesterday I walked up and down Oxford Street, interested to see what it was like with both weather and crowds more tolerable than in the Christmas season.  The first thing I noticed was that several stores had gone out of business.  I wasn't sure what to make of that.  Oxford is always a difficult street to walk on.  Maybe it's the polyglot mix of Brits trying to walk on the left, Americans on the right, and knots of Japanese tourists plowing right up the middle, while various others stand still and block the way, oblivious to the humanity swirling around them.  Get on the wrong side of the sidewalk at a crucial moment, and you'll be swept past a store you want to visit like flotsam in a flash flood.  In this way Oxford Street often chooses your destination for you, and it took me into the John Lewis department store.  It's a whole street of big, old-fashioned department stores of several stories each, fairly evenly spaced all the way to Marble Arch.  John Lewis is not the most imposing of the bunch.  That would be Selfridge's, a massive edifice with the ultimate conceit of having no sign outside, and no need of one.  Most of them seem to have adopted the sure-fire floor plan that places cosmetics and jewelry in the front half of the ground floor like an extortionate roadblock to the impressionable shopper.  The escalator behind the perfume counters at John Lewis slices down through fragrant clouds to one of my greatest weaknesses-- the kitchen department.  From gas hobs to garlic presses, the floor is an irresistible smorgasbord of things you don't need and must have.  There were eight high-end brands of cookware, and more cast iron than I would have expected, handsomely enameled on the outside but hefty as a sledgehammer.  As I looked over a dizzying selection of pepper mills-- which I don't need because I just bought one. I noticed a young woman with a pad of paper and clipboard, examining the goods and taking notes.  A store clerk, I assumed, until I noticed several others doing the same thing across the floor.  Then it came to me: these were June brides-to-be, registered at John Lewis and working up their wish lists.  The twentysomethings moved methodically among the displays, testing the kitchen scales, lifting the saucepans, opening canisters, and taking notes.  If they were taking inventory, as it initially appeared, it was the inventory of their future kitchen cabinets (on display in the next room).  They were leaving no trivet unturned.  So this is how today's systematic bride (and probably yesterday's too) goes about harvesting the gifts that will soon weigh down a table outside thereception hall.  I'm sure there?s nothing uniquely British about this practice. I just never ran into it before.  Later I walked down Tottenham Court Road, a slightly grittier thoroughfare where pickpockets and shoplifters ply what almost seems a more honest trade-- or at least an entirely unpretentious one.  I found a good paperback after wandering through the stacks at Foyle's, stopped for a quick pizza, and went back to the hotel to read, feeling I had spent the day in an episode of Seinfeld--  that show that's entirely pleasant even though nothing at all ever happens.