         a nice way to begin the week. I had two breakfasts today, after not feeling quite so hot yesterday. Both were reasonably good for me... but I could still afford to lay off food for the rest of the day.  We're having a group of friends over tonight to watch   "Sex and the City"  on   HBO . We're new converts to the series... so we're following up the new episodes with a survey of the other 4 seasons of the series. It's great TV and it's almost enough to make us forget how much we miss "  Six Feet Under ."   So web friends...    I've been thinking a lot lately about two locations... New York City and Minneapolis/Saint Paul. Talk about worlds apart! I'm such the midwestern guy that I've rarely made any trips to the east coast, except for Washington, D.C. I'm there 5-6 times a year. But New York? I went there for a weekend last fall... and it was my first trip there ever.  DC is, for me, the quintessentially perfect city. The neighborhoods have their own character and charm. My friend Chris has just moved from far NW down to a cool apartment about half way in between   Adams Morgan  and   Dupont Circle . Those neighborhoods are diverse, distinctive, gay (particularly Dupont and these days, Logan Circle) and hip. And, DC isn't so big that one can't be deluded into thinking that he can own a   chunk  of the city. I always feel that way when I'm there--   walking  down the streets or   reading till dark at Cosi . Whether or not it's true doesn't matter. It's how you feel.  Now... can I feel that way about New York? New York chews up the newcomer and spits him out. It's not pretty... particularly when it's a nice midwestern guy who has little idea about what's going to happen to him. I saw a friend of mine go through this about a year ago. Yeah he was eaten alive by the city. But he lived to tell about it. So why should it be any different for me? If I end up there some day, I'll be overwhelmed and disillusioned and alone and cramped... and then you know what? I'll wake up one day and realize that I've   discovered  a   new kind of life  for myself in the big city.   Webbly Goodness  Hair yesterday... hair today... hair tomorrow... to summarize...   HAIRevolution .   Another Elmer ClapTrap Public Service Award Winner:     George McClintock travels the world ... protecting democracy... assuring millions that   shortwave radio  is still the home of the Gospel... as well as a lot of   racist propaganda .