         A long week... with the death of one of my aunts... and the passing of one of the best   radio personalities  I ever had the pleasure of knowing. So it has been a relatively emotional time.   I'm not highly overt in my expressions of emotion. But after writing and talking about this in several venues Thursday and Friday... it was bound to take its toll. I've got a cold, which I rarely get, I'm tired, and feeling like I'd rather be withdrawn this weekend. Dave and I watched   Pearl Harbor  last night and I was deeply affected by the ending--   Josh Hartnett's  character dies trying to save his best friend, played by   Ben Affleck . Well... as much as I like seeing   Josh  on the big screen, that movie isn't really a classic. But have you ever had that happen before? Something that wouldn't have made a deep impression on you if it had happened yesterday... feels far more profound today. Dave lightened up the moment by reminding me that when he dies, I should refer to him at least once in the eulogy as a   bastard . It's one of his favorite words.  Dave is likely to move to   Chicago  in a couple weeks. It's time for the Big D to get a job and he found a good one in the   Windy City . This is going to mean a lot of trips to Chicago for the toddo. No complaints on that account. But as I consider the possibility of 2 trips a month, I'm trying to find some cheap and reliable alternatives. I'm planning to get a   CR-V  in a couple months, so I could always take that. But big cities are best enjoyed without having to deal with a car. So I might take advantage of the cheap   Southwest  flights or if I don't mind arriving hours late, I could always take   the train .  The train is a crock, by the way. Don't get me wrong... I love the idea. Train service in the   Northeast corridor  is excellent-- particularly when the   fast trains  are   actually running . But everywhere else,   delays  rule. The last time Dave took the train from   Chicago to Ann Arbor , he left on time and arrived an hour and 40 minutes late. Now, it's only a 4 hour trip. How can you be that far off in that short stretch?  Well, it's cheap (  subsidized ) and so I'll take it when I don't need to be worried about time. I'll probably be taking the little one out to Chicago once a month... and I know he'll like it!