         Nothing that special to say about this day... and to my knowledge, no consulting company has adopted it as their name yet.  My weekend has been good. A group of friends came over last night to play   Hoopla . It's the newest game from   Cranium . The concept is similar... the best parts of familiar games thrown together in a new combination. But this game moves faster and you can play with as few as 2 players. We had a great time. Hoopla will be available this fall at   Starbucks .  Friday night, I spent a few hours sitting outdoors at the   bar . My friend Bob showed up after a while so I put the book down and chatted, people-watched... and just generally enjoyed the cool evening.  So... yes, it's been a quiet weekend! Dave returns tonight... and I'll be happy to see him again after a few days away. And the little one comes back to the house tomorrow.   More Web Goodness     Andrew Sullivan's web log  features a great   letter  about the integration of gay and straight and how it can sometimes be so seamless. I think this is pretty rare. But as members of the LGBT community, we hole up in the ghetto too often and miss out on opportunities to really connect with others who aren't like us. It's not easy and sometimes it doesn't work. But when it does, it's truly enriching.  The Mighty (Boring) Garrison Keillor appears to have reached a   new contract agreement  with   Minnesota Public Radio . Part of the deal calls for a GK HQ outside MPR's palatial digs at 45 E 7th St in St. Paul. If I were them, I'd want to move him somewhere else, too. While I'm on the subject of MPR... check out   this piece  about MPR's new dominance in LA.   Wireless Fans:   Cringely  takes us up above the treetops to check out the forest. A vast   new world of wireless  is just around the corner.  Last month... my friend Nathan Bierma   blogged  for 24 hours straight. He participated in   Blogathon 2002 ... the annual event to raise money for charity. He   wrote  about his experience for the   Chicago Tribune .  I don't quite know what to make of   this . Any thoughts? How did I come across it? I was looking for details of Martha Stewart's early modeling career. Go figure.