         Believe me, I'm the last guy to do something like that. I'm all about scheduling and planning, PDA's and Outlook and tasks and color-coded appointments. But last night, I was faced with a dilemma.  I had a flight leaving for Cincinnati this morning at 9am. I have a conference there through Saturday.  But last night at 8:15pm, I decided I needed to go to Chicago and see the man I love. What I did next was so unlike me. I called  D  at work and told him I'd meet him at midnight.  What about the conference and your flight tomorrow , he asked.  I'll work that out , I said.  Tonight, I want to come to see you .  And so I f*cked the itinerary and drove to Chicago and spent the night walking around Lincoln Park with  D , talking about our lives, our love for each other, our passion for the same things, our differences, the reasons why we've failed twice to make this work, and the reason why we're going to do it again. We stopped at an all-night diner and ate a blueberry sundae. We talked about city life and growing up and the future. And then we went to sleep about 5am.  The reason I tell this story is the same reason I'll probably remember that night for the rest of my life. It was the first night I truly understood that someone was more important than my work schedule... was more important than my plans. I exist inside a prison of plans... and plans are good things. But just like rules, plans are made to be broken.   And we learn so much if we recognize those moments when we need to break them. I learned some really wonderful things about the most important person in my life because instead of setting aside a thought, I decided to act upon it. And lest I feel too good about it, I need to remember all the other times in my life when words remained unspoken and actions remained undone.  Life is too short for this. Speak. Act.  Live .  We had a small going away party when  D  left for Chicago 3 weeks ago. I'll be having a more personal celebration when this man who loves me so much moves back to be with me in 3 weeks.   PS -- I am in Cincy tonight... drove back from Chicago this afternoon, packed, and caught a flight to CVG at 9pm. There will always be a seat on an airplane. There won't always be a night like the one I had last night.  I read   this  today... and I will do my best to live it.