         to fight for someone? You hear it in the movies sometimes or in a romance novel. But what does it really mean? I don't have a good answer.  What would you fight for? Your life? Freedom? Your boyfriend? A great piece of cheesecake? hmmm... all are worthy in their own way. The guy who was my boyfriend wants to try one more time.  We never gave it a fair chance , he says.  We were both selfish. I want you to fight for me , he says.  I sent him away to Chicago... am I ready to ask him back? I had a talk tonight with a perceptive and thoughtful guy... we talked about how we discover what it is we need out of a relationship. We enter a relationship in a flexible state and that's how the best relationships work. But if you think about it carefully, there are certain things we won't negotiate away. It might be monogamy. It might be a night out alone once a month. It might be time with friends. It might be the music you like but your boyfriend hates. It might be the need to go to bed at the same time so that you have time for sex or to talk about the day. Or maybe you think that your boyfriend should shoulder his half of the economic burden.  Whatever they might be, chances are you have some non-negotiables. If you give them away in the process of developing a relationship, chances are they'll come back to bite you on the ass at some point. It's worth taking some time to figure out what those are for you. I had a couple friends tell me this summer that I should make a list. Well, I didn't actually make a list, but I've thought through some of them. And now that  The Guy  really does want to grab my hand and lead me to something new and spontaneous, maybe it's time to begin a serious discussion about those.  - - - Mark... thanks for the pics of DC you sent me. I love that city. I haven't been there since May... but I'll be in the city for a week in early October... doing precisely nothing except for seeing my ex and some other friends and   reading  and going to the   gym .