         ... I love about not having a roommate?  Not having a roommate.  You know what sucks about not having a roommate? Yeah... you got it.  I've had one for 15 months and loved it. We had a great time together... watched TV, stayed up way too late talking, occasionally got in each other's way, never argued, sometimes got peeved at each other, sometimes did illegal things together... in essence, created we created a full catalog of experiences as roommates. And I miss that.  But... I also like coming home at the end of a long day of work and a tough workout at the gym and finding the loft in the same condition in which I left it. My room can be a mess... and it is. But I like the living room and kitchen to be spotless-- especially the kitchen. Such is now the case. I like silence. When I live alone, the loft becomes a refuge from friendly fans who come up to me at Sweetwaters and ask for an autograph, or from people looking and mouthing the words [my name] to the person with them.   Don't get me wrong. I like the attention. It's fun and flattering. I talked to an expert on shyness a few weeks ago who said that performers, comedians, actors and such are often "shy extroverts." They love commanding an audience, but off their stage, they tend to be somewhat withdrawn and shy. Maybe that's me. Or maybe I'm a fine balance of introvert/extrovert.  People often think introverts are afraid of crowds and social situations. So  introvert  becomes a sort of perjorative term. But introverts can derive a great deal of enjoyment from big groups and social settings. The key is that they also enjoy being alone. I go back and forth.  You know... I started with the roommate and wandered off... but there's a connection to tie it all together... which those of you who read my weblog and essays know I love to do. Actually, you know what? I'm not going to tie it together. You can do it. I don't need to lead you, like a group of preschool kids holding onto a rope for the walk to the museum.  I've been thinking about my approach to writing here. For nearly 6 years, everything I've written-- particularly the essays-- has been fashioned around the idea of creating little moral lessons. I describe it in shorthand as "all's well that ends well." I regularly re-work events as I tell them so that they wrap up nicely and neatly in little moral lessons. But life is rarely like that. And more often lately, I've been thinking about allowing more reality and uncertainty to drift onto these pages.  I don't believe in revealing everything. I was IMing   Chrisonomicon  yesterday and he said he never talked much about guys he dates on   his journal  because if they don't work out, he might feel somewhat foolish-- my paraphrase. This is one example of something I've chosen to reveal in measured amounts. You don't want to hear it all anyway, right? Of course, not. But it would be more honest and -- to use the word my friend Matt hates--  interesting -- to acknowledge the complexity of life more readily... rather than trying to fashion a small drama that neatly wraps itself up in 42 minutes. Or 500 words.  We can still leave the other 18 minutes for that hot Bowflex guy with the dark hair and the perfect abs... I'm just saying...