         I've discovered that since my boyfriend and I got back together, we've been the subject of conversation among a few members of the chattering class. Everybody talks about everybody. I would guess that if you eliminated all gossip and speculation about people from conversation, we'd all be talking about the weather and "them Cubs." Since we got back together, we've been spending extra time focusing on ourselves as a couple. A part of that focus is a renewed introspection. We've also been reading the press clippings, so to speak.  There's a certain danger to this... and I'll speak more about that in a few minutes. But, we started putting out a feelers after we got wind of "word on the street" about us.  D  and I have a certain notoriety where we live... as individuals and as a couple. His return from Chicago and our renewed relationship have provoked some discussion and speculation... not all of it flattering.  He's come back because he couldn't make it in Chicago .  Todd keeps him as a trophy because he's young and good looking .  D's 15 minutes of fame are over and he's latching on to Todd (the "star") to stay in the limelight as long he can .   We've listened to a few of those whispers... third hand, of course. We've laughed about them, worried about them, sought advice about them from people we trust. And now I think we need to set them aside.  I'm one of those guys who finds this stuff annoying, yes... and sometimes disturbing. But mainly, it gives me a window into how I'm perceived and how people form ideas and beliefs about me. Sometimes the rumor hits home and it reveals a soft spot in my armor... an insecurity that I need to work on, for instance.  D  and I can approach these whispers intellectually, but like anyone else we also respond viscerally--  D  especially. He's a fighter and he has a clear sense of right and wrong. When people talk us down, it's not enough to say  fuck 'em  and move on. He wants the perpetrator to face the wrong and repent. He and I chuckle about this, and it's one of the traits I truly appreciate about him. But we both know that fighting phantoms is a waste of time. Sadly, the gay community is home to a lot of hurting, insecure people. Gossip and rumors and malicious conversation is the ladder some of them use to try to raise themselves out of the pit of their existence. I think we've all seen this and can understand it. Knowing this neutralizes the gossip and what's plainly not true should disappear without a trace over time.  But rumors and gossip, even when untrue, can plant seeds of doubt and mistrust. I don't think my boyfriend believes the crap he hears about me but I know he struggles with it. I hear stuff about him that's plainly ridiculous and then sometimes I wonder. I'm discovering that the stuff that sticks and corrodes our sense of wellbeing is stuff we're already worrying about. It might be on a subconscious level... but the idle chatter brings it to the surface. You can argue that maybe it should come to the surface so we can verbalize it and deal with it. Alright... that might be true. But I think when we dwell on malicious gossip, it hurts more than it helps.  So what do we do? None of us will ever escape gossip. A few weeks ago, I wrote that my boyfriend and I were developing a gameplan for our relationship. A big part of this gameplan is being more careful of how we speak about each other. All couples have problems and all guys talk to their friends about their lovers. We're still speaking candidly about our relationship to close friends, but we've tightened that inner circle to a core of caring, analytical men and women who will give us encouragement when we need it and have the courage to correct us when they think we're wrong. We're spending more time talking to each other about what's on our minds, rather than others. We're concentrating as much as we can on our priorities-- projects, friends, each other. And we're letting time make clear to others what it is that exists between us.