         ... are falling from the trees... the days are cloudy... the nights crisp and silent... I love Autumn. It remains my favorite time of year. There's the romantic angle... whether it's laying in bed on a rainy Saturday morning, holding your lover... or walking through the park on a bright, cool afternoon. The odor of decay rides on the fall breeze... and maybe it's that reminder of death that spurs me to life. I feel more vital in the fall than any other season. And I clean a lot more.  What's with that, anyway? I've never known why my messy bedroom or closet-- which has escaped my attention all through the year-- suddenly becomes a priority clean-up issue in September and October. Over the years, I've learned to use this time well. When I'm in the mood, I can throw away great quantities of stuff I don't need anymore. When the spirit hits me, I ride with it and clear the shelves of clothes I no longer wear, books I won't read, sometimes even furniture.  It's not one of those frenzies where I wake up the next morning, as if from a drunken dream, thinking to myself "what have I done?!" It's a more a controlled raid on clutter.  This year, it's more important because  D  and I are making the first real move to integrate our living situation. We've been roommates for about 18 months. But as a couple, we're finding the effort to create one bedroom is requiring some major changes. And let me say what a blessing it is to have someone in your life who challenges the status quo.   I was reminded of this a couple days after we returned from vacation. I went right to work but  D  stayed home a few days and began moving things around. I came home from work on Monday and discovered he had cleaned off my desk. The 6,150 lbs of books, papers, yellow credit card slips, business cards, trinkets, pens and unused ethernet cords that sat on my desk was now on our bed. Good move on his part. That gave me until nightfall to deal with the pile. The first evening, my solution was to move the pile to the floor.  D  was not so pleased... but he was patient. I stalled for another couple days before tackling the desk debris. Most of it went directly to the garbage.    D  waited a day and then resumed his campaign. We've been trying to make more room for the books that threaten to overwhelm us.  D  suggested in passing that I should box up my Wired magazines because I'm obviously not reading the old ones, and they're taking up a lot of shelf space. A year ago, this would have been blasphemy. Even now, I winced. My collection dates back to 1995. It's.... um, well ok... it serves no real purpose now and yet for some reason I still save each issue of Wired. Does it matter if they live in a box? No... not at all. I smiled and agreed.  What's annoying is that  D  isn't a packrat like me, so there's no reciprocity. It doesn't seem fair that he can order me to throw away stuff or box things up... when I can't do that to him. Somehow, he manages to live without the clutter that I attract like a magnet. At least he has until now. With a boyfriend like me, he'll soon be a clutter reduction expert.