The Globe and Mail's   website  calmly states the tide might be turning toward the Conservatives in Canada's federal elections. But the paper itself features the giant numbers 34-30, the slim lead the Liberals now have over the Conservatives in the new Ipsos-Reid Poll, commissioned by CTV and the Globe and Mail. It's the lowest poll number for the Liberals since Martin became PM in December.  On one level, the poll confirms the gut feeling of many during the first full week of campaigning. Paul Martin didn't do poorly, but it was no breakthrough week. The Conservative's Stephen Harper, on the other hand, was the winner after the first round of campaign appearances; Mr. Stiffie stuck to his script with barely a stumble.  On another level, though, the polls could also be the result of media coverage, which was generally more harsh on Martin-- the classic front-runner heading for a fall. Harper got off much more lightly by comparison... the NDP's Jack Layton also drawing attention away from Harper with a political incorrect gaffe last week essentially blaming the PM for the deaths of homeless people. Harper's coverage was generally positive. But the news media follows its own script. And once the darling becomes front-runner, journalists begin the process of dissecting and dismantling him. Expect Harper to have to answer more questions about some of the less-palatable statements he's made in his recent past. And expect a more careful examination of his platform, which manages to dramatically increase spending while promising taxes lower than in the US. It probably doesn't add up and the next week or two will be a close examination of Stephen Harper and what he plans to do for Canada.  The story of the day is the potential for a Conservative minority government with the Bloc Quebecois as the junior partner. Fascinating, but likely? Certainly an odd couple, but the fact is that this latest poll shows that the Liberals couldn't put together a majority with the NDP because the NDP is basically nowhere to be found. Jack Layton got a lot of media attention last week, much of it the kind he probably didn't want. In the most recent elections, the NDP has failed the climb out of the single digits, so at this point, perhaps anything is an improvement.  I'm beginning to ramble, so let's get out.  A couple of things to watch: young people apparently have been leaning toward Harper, or so I heard a couple of times last week. I haven't seen a good breakout of demographics so I'll keep my eyes open for that. I've been paying a lot of attention to the Liberal collapse in Ontario. Ontarians are angry about the broken tax promise of the provincial Liberals. It'll be interesting to see how deep and lasting that anger is.  Oh, and so much for the high-mindedness. A week ago, the CBC nearly broke its arm patting itself on the back for how wonderful its election coverage was going to be. "We won't focus on the horse race," we were told. The CBC was to present a searing, important conversation among Canadians about the future direction of the country. Which lasted for about a day. The CBC has done a better job of staying on message, but it's hard to resist the joy of dualing messages from party war rooms flashing across Blackberry devices from coast to coast. And look what I'm doing. A big chunk of what I've written has been about media coverage of the campaign and not the issues themselves. So there ya go.