         The rain falls gently outside... the chill night air flows through the open window, at my invitation. I lie awake in my otherwise empty bed... the thoughts turning over in my mind.  A friend whose writing hits particularly close to home gave me   something profound  to think about this week. Five weeks ago tonight,  D  came up to my bed and we began the conversation that led to a new beginning. One of the first things I said to him as we laid there... my nose against his neck... was that I'd never given him the benefit of the doubt... never once a chance to prove himself. I took nothing he said at face value. I analyzed everything for the hidden meaning, the real truth... ultimately, the thinly veiled rejection.  My skepticism was the outgrowth of my dishonesty about my own feelings-- my own unwillingness to express myself openly and truthfully... to say what I really meant. Why should I assume that everyone else labors under the burden of subterfuge, too?  Like Chrisonomicon, I wonder where that essentially dishonesty comes from. I think back to childhood and the rules about being quiet, not disagreeing with others, the prohibitions against questioning parents, God, the church. In a world where dissent must be hidden, disturbing habits develop. One becomes indirect. The stated feeling or emotion is rarely entirely true; silence hides the real thought. How deceptive and damaging this must be.  Can I overcome this trait of dishonesty? I must... because as I've said before, it's at the core of the trouble that  D  and I have had. I have to for my own sake, too, because I'm weary of always looking for the hidden,  real , meaning. When I do overcome it-- however briefly-- I get a glimpse of what I'm missing: the unadulterated pleasure of loving someone else. It's a parallel universe where I take people at their word. Last night, my lover's lips made me laugh out loud around the campfire; later, in the darkness of the tent, his lips grazed across my skin and I moaned. I woke up in the middle of the night and felt his arm around me... holding me close. Today, he slept in the car as I drove home... his hand on my leg... and I remembered how often I had seen his eyes flash brilliance in my direction-- a shared joke, silent agreement, longing. Tonight, he called from his parents' to tell me he loved me and to wish me a good night.  In the parallel universe, I don't question those moments. I thank whatever God there is that I'm blessed to have such an amazing and special man in my life. Now, why should that be the  parallel  universe?