         We were sitting outdoors on a warm, quiet evening,  D  and I. Our friend  K  was chatting with us. Suddenly,  D  jumped up and walked away without a word. My attention divided between  D  and  K ... I saw  D  amble over to a young handsome guy, sitting on a stone wall.  D  leaned up against the wall, looked the guy up and down and said what's up. I looked back at  K ... who was telling a funny story. But I couldn't hear what he was saying. I woke up in a cold sweat.  Some psychologists says dreams are how our mind handles issues that aren't resolved when we're awake. This may be true. I've been thinking a lot about  trust  over the past few days... and writing about it. So maybe it wasn't a big surprise that-- with it on the mind, and being separated from him for several days-- that my dreams should pick up this theme.  The first thing I thought as I was trying to calm down afterward was how deep this issue goes to our core and how difficult it will be to work on and declare victory over.  This is one area where I've thought  D  didn't offer much help, in the past. In recent weeks, I've come to have a different view on this. But more about that another time.  One of the things about dating someone again after having broken up with them before (perhaps twice) is that you remember things. A fresh start is possible but very hard to achieve unless you put  everything  on the table.  There are two incidents that have had the greatest impact on my thinking, as far as my own personal situation is concerned.   D  has always been somewhat wayward. When we went to Disney World for Gay Days in late May, my guard was up. The first day we were there,  D  put into practice a little crusing routine. He would walk with me and our friend, but whenever a good looking guy approached, he slowed his pace and fell behind us so that he could give that guy all his attention. At first, I thought it was pretty funny because it was so obvious. But in the end, it was immensely demeaning. I was his boyfriend, but I felt like I was nobody at all. It was a private humiliation, but it was humiliation nonetheless.  There is one other incident that's seared in my memory. On my birthday, this year,  D  was going to be out of town. But he missed his train at the last minute and re-booked for the next day. He called and told me he'd come to my birthday dinner after he was done doing something else. But he didn't. He went out with someone else instead and came home afterward. Even as I write about these incidents, I'm amazed at how petty they are in the grand scheme of things. But they also have tremendous force. I know where  D 's mind was at Disney World. He was getting ready to break up with me and so I see what happened as a foreshadowing. I can't let go of the birthday thing. It burns inside of me. I don't feel any anger over it; what I feel is betrayal.  I don't think of this every day. The dream brought it back to me this morning. Whenever it comes to mind, I mull it over and try to figure out what it is that I need to do to make it better. The problem is... I don't know. I don't think I want an apology. I don't live my life with a sense of entitlement. I'm not even sure I want an acknowledgement. Emotions defy logic and rationality so maybe I'll never know what I want. But that bothers me more because I think it might lead to a bigger, more divisive issue down the road.  Have you ever experienced a situation like this? If so, how have you handled it?  I've often been accused of already knowing the answers to the questions I pose in this journal. But whatever the case, I don't know exactly what to do about this one. I do think it's important to think about this because the fact that I harbor these feelings says more about me than the incidents themselves might say about  D .  I appreciate any ideas you might have. Write me or IM me. If I'm front of the computer and have some time to talk, we'll chat.  I should add that as we re-kindle our relationship we've put more issues on the table than ever. We've had some great moments rediscovering each other and discovering new things about each other. I'm trying to decide if I should put this issue on the table, too.