         Here in Washington, enjoying my books, my deep thoughts, the satisfaction of reading the paper every day, the pleasures of old and new friends... sometimes my eyes glaze over. I'm searching for the eyes, the arms, the scent of my boyfriend.  I'm away for a week from the man I've just been reunited with. I brought him back home Tuesday from Chicago... his address for 6 weeks. And then I left Wednesday for DC. I won't be back until Tuesday. I miss him a lot and he misses me. But the time away can be a clarifying experience.   We discovered this when  D  moved to Chicago. That move happened for a lot of reasons. But one of my motives for wanting him to leave was that a time away from each other would make more clear our feelings for each other. What I thought might take a year took about 17 days. And now he's back and I marvel at how such a tiny speck of time could truly remake his outlook-- and mine.  So ok... enough of the  love ... let's get down to brass tacks and have a conversation about  trust . I don't know why I have such a lack of trust in others. It might be that I've always been independent. Chicken and egg, perhaps. Whatever the case, my trust is in myself first and less so in others. This isn't a big deal-- even with close friends-- because the relationship isn't close enough for it to make a difference. But when you have a boyfriend, it's another kettle of fish. You have to trust him... or develop that trust.  Now, there's trust-- as in, I trust my boyfriend not to cheat on me. But there's another kind of trust and I think it's more important and more difficult. It's the trust that your boyfriend loves you, thinks about you and will be there for you. This second kind of trust is the kind of trust that I have the most trouble with. And it's the lack of this kind of trust that was my contribution to our relationship and it's ultimate demise. .  Trust is trust... but I'm making this distinction because I think many guys find it possible to trust their boyfriends in one way but not both. I never gave my boyfriend this second kind of trust. I was never certain that he'd stick by me. There were plenty of times when he sent the wrong signals... when he wavered... when he wasn't sure. It's always a two-way street. But I never ever gave him a chance to prove himself to me because deep inside, I didn't think he'd go the distance for me. I never trusted that he loved me when he said he did... or I always questioned just what he meant by love. You can call this over analysis but I call it not giving him a chance. It's more surprising that I felt this way when you remember that this is my best friend. Our deep friendship developed before the romantic relationship and continued beyond it.  So how's that for problematic? Yes, but common, I think.  So as we rekindle the romantic relationship that we believe was meant to be, we have to start from a different foundation this time. I have to learn to trust. And as difficult as this might be for me, ultimately, this will be one of the elements that will insure our success.  How does one develop trust in someone else? That someone else has to help out. But beyond the incidents of trust-building and the moments of intimacy and candor that will build confidence... trust is an act of will. So is love, in my opinion, once the sparkle of a new relationship wears off.  One of my greatest contributions to the relationship I'm building with the man I love will be an attitude adjustment.  Wish me luck.