         Thank goodness, we made it home without a big bag of leftovers. I love turkey and all the fixin's... but for the sake of my carefully controlled diet, it's best to limit the high-level calorie intake to one day, if at all possible. And it was a calorie fest yesterday. Dave's family is large and growing... and there was enough turkey, stuffing, potatoes, yams, and green bean casserole to feed an army.  Yes, I said Green Bean Casserole. Yesterday, I predicted that this dish wouldn't make an appearance at the family event. I was wrong.  We watched the Lions lose. Now this is something we could do on any given Sunday. I wasn't sure why it was necessary to set aside time on a holiday for it. But it's traditional. I mean it's traditional to watch the game... not that it's traditional for the Lions to lose. Well... hmmm... maybe it is.  I ate the equivalent of a small house. How could I not?? I was telling Dave afterward that I love Thanksgiving for the food, even though the food isn't what most of us would call remarkable or innovative. In fact, it's the sameness of the food that is the draw...  because  it's the  memory  that's important when it comes to Thanksgiving. In many families, Christmas dinner is more innovative.. often drawing on ethnic traditions. In my family, there was no ethnic tradition. Christmas dinner was a repeat of Thanksgiving. Not that I'm complaining, necessarily.  Dave made apple pie as his contribution to the family feast. He made it from scratch. No pre-made crust... no! It was Dave's creation... with some coaching from his best friend Laura. And it was good. The crust was flaky and perfect. "It's all in the Crisco," said Dave. Hmmm... had I heard that somewhere before?  Our favorite party store had 15% off on wine yesterday... just in time for a little party Dave and I are giving tonight. I wish you could see this party store. It's general dilapidated condition reminds you of most party stores. But the owner is this guy who loves wine. He has a top quality collection and a wine club to boot. So we dropped about $100 on a few bottles last night.  So... we've invited close to 60 people to this party tonight. But unlike our last party, where we invited 40 and got 60, we're expecting 25 at best tonight. Most people are away for the holidays. But that's alright with us. It's more just a low-key gathering for friends in the area who have... well... seen all of the family that they can stand to see. Know what I mean?  Which makes me think... too bad all of us journalers and bloggers live so far apart. It would be so much fun to invite Chrisonomicon, Jockohomo, Jonno, Neohomo, Gary Jr., trcnyc and so many others. I'd mention Spin, except I  will  be seeing him today. He's seeing family in Toledo, so I'll be taking Dave's son down there today for a visit.  Speaking of visits... I have a feeling there will be some more dispatches from Rick this weekend. I'll post them here as I get them.