         I love Thanksgiving week... because of the food... the shortened work-week... and did I mention the food?  As someone who derives much of his nutrition from boxed and canned goods requiring little preparation... there's something deliriously intoxicating about eating a meal that involves multiple courses and hours of work. Particularly if someone else is doing the work. I do know how to cook and I'm not a bad cook. In fact, I enjoy it-- at least as a social experience. But cultivating an image of someone who is incapable of cooking has saved me a great deal of work over the years.  Besides, for holiday gatherings like Thanksgiving... most people prepare the main dishes on site and ask the rest of us to supply the side dishes. And side dishes aren't my favorite. Well... I do love sweet potatoes. And I also love cranberries. I could do without the green bean casserole.  It was only recently that I discovered the phenomenon of the green bean casserole with the french fried onions on top. We're talking 6 or 7 years ago... so I've yet to recover from the trauma. We never had it in my home when I was growing up. Now, I came from a home where liver was an accepted part of the dinnertime meal-- accepted by Mom, that is... not the kids. We ate brussels sprouts, spinach in great quantities. We ate a lot of green beans. We ate a lot of cream of mushroom soup. But those two ingredients never lay in a steamy embrace in a hotdish in my house. My first occasion to taste the classic green bean casserole with the cream of mushroom soup and the french fried onions was a potluck at work in 1996. The words "There is no God" come to mind as I relive that experience in all its frightening detail. The beans were lifeless, a mushy dark green swimming in a white slimy sauce, garnished with oily, soggy fried onions.  Being the perservering midwesterner that I was... I finished every bit of the green bean casserole on my plate. Then I washed my mouth out with soap.  Ever since then, I've watched people who eat green bean casserole very closely because I'm not really sure if they're actually swallowing it. I look for the colleague who politely excuses himself and heads for the restroom. Or the cousin who leans over discreetly to cough into a handkerchief.  The Food Network show "Unwrapped" offered a segment on the "yummy casserole that all America loves to eat." But I noticed that none of the people professing their delight in the casserole gave their full name and address to the camera. "Unwrapped" is hosted by Mark Summers. I talked to Mark a couple years ago about his obsessive compulsive disorder. On camera, he sat next to a dish of the green and white gooeyness. He seemed alright but his left eye was twitching uncontrollably. Watching the piece, I learned that a home economist at Campbell's invented the dish in the 1950's. If you put two ingredients in a bowl and stir, have you really invented something?  People give me a hard time because I don't like it. They call me a communist. They point out that I can't play euchre. Others try to win me over THEIR version of green bean casserole. They'll say "you won't believe how good mine tastes." Again, with just three principle ingredients, I'm thinking I can probably imagine it.  This Thanksgiving, I'll be with my boyfriend (nickname: Big and Tasty). He's Hispanic and his large Mexican family produces some of the best food on this planet. I know it won't happen, but if I see even one can of cream of mushroom soup... I running from the house screaming.