         You could argue he's been flung. My friend Rick is globetrotting... on a tour of Asia that will last several days. He works for a media and technology company. When he has time, Rick observes life around him and sends me his musings... which I then transfer to my website immediately because his writing is so much better than mine.  In any case... enjoy!     Greetings from Hong Kong .  It's no Nicaragua, but it'll do for now.  Wish I had time to get to know it better, but I'm off for Bangkok in the morning.  I've really been unable to dredge up any business potential there, but by the time I confirmed that, it would have taken another $4000 to change the reservation, so I'm forced to go and enjoy the place for the weekend.  I saw on CNN  today they have been having soccer matches there, played by baby elephants using a two-foot ball.  How could I miss that?  I've also heard that the thing to do in Thailand is to release a cage of birds for good luck.  In America we call that "skeet."       Hong Kong is intriguing.  It's clean and seems prosperous, friendly and safe, and very Chinese.  There's little English signage, and people like taxi drivers speak the bare minimum.  When I got into a cab this morning to come back from a meeting, I gave the driver my room key card and he read the phone number, called the hotel on his cell phone, and presumably got directions.  There's no obvious hint of the mainland Chinese occupation, just dark references to things that've happened "since 1997," such as business people migrating to Singapore.  I did hear that Hong Kong television may now be legally received in homes in south China, where formally its widespread illegal reception was an open secret.  It adds 30 million potential viewers to the 6 million or so landlocked in Hong Kong.  South China businesses are beginning to run commercials on TV.  In a kind of mimicry of the old line, "As seen on TV," they seem to derive benefit from the equivalent of "As seen on Hong Kong TV."       I was booked into the Royal Palace Hotel in Kowloon, and I have no complaints about it.  I have a 19th-floor view of the city, and there's a breakfast buffet (included) that is the best I've ever seen.  Next door is a glittering shopping mall with a McDonald's and Mrs. Fields cookies in case of an emergency--such as finding eels on the breakfast menu.  This afternoon I crossed Prince Edward Road and walked a block to the flower market.  It's a square block or more of wall-to-wall flower shops, filled with the aroma of fresh flowers and steaming tea.  In the next block were endless Chinese restaurants, and it all looked good--Peking duck hanging in the windows and all sorts of dim sum and pastries everywhere.  But there wasn't anything in English, and the joints were packed to the rafters, so I opted for the mall and a teriyaki chicken sandwich at Oliver's House of Giant Sandwiches.  Yesterday I had a fabulous Chinese lunch in the Pacific Place office towers with people from the BBC.       If the local newspaper is a snapshot of a city's interests, Hong Kong is fixated on business.  I suppose that makes sense.  The headlines in the South China Morning Post are all about telecom layoffs, income tax irregularities, and the scrapping of the government's economic reforms office.  And that's before you get to the business section, where--interestingly--a story on US housing starts makes the bottom of page one.  But the real character of a place is found in the "In Brief" section, and Hong Kong does not disappoint.  This very morning, it led with the curious headline, SHUNNED SON OF MARK SIX WINNER DRINKS DETERGENT.  It seems the son of a man who won $5 million in the Mark Six lottery was despondent over his father's refusal to share any of the money, even after giving $1 to his sister.  So he quaffed an Ivory Liquid cocktail in what must have been a bubbly attempt to do himself in.  But the real gem was the baffling LAWMAKER CALMS FEARS WITH PLASTIC CHICKEN.  That's the stuff of newspaper legend, or at least the back page of Columbia Journalism Review.  (The story wasn't nearly as good as the headline.  A legislator had used a model of a chicken to show how the gullet could be safely removed to eliminate fear of dangerous bacterial contamination, while still delivering the bird with head and feet intact to discriminating Chinese cooks.)     What next?  I can't imagine.    -- Rick