         There are some days when I wish I could read the paper like normal people do. It becomes a fantasy that I try to fulfill when I'm on vacation: that morning where you rise about 7am... shower and then walk across the street to the cafe for a cup of coffee and the morning paper. I usually take my computer and read the electronic edition of the New York Times off my wireless network. But it's still just about the same thing, minus the ink on your fingers.  For my job, this shouldn't be a fantasy... it should be my modus operandi on weekdays. Well at least I should be reading the newspaper. But it doesn't happen. Here's why: I have hundreds of pages of reading material to churn through every day. For instance... my Tuesday reading material for interviews I have on Wednesday:   The Natural History of the Rich ;   Yes Yes Y'All: Oral History of Hip Hop's First Decade ;   David Rockefeller: Memoirs ; and   Redeeming the Dial: Radio, Religion and Popular Culture in America . This isn't the situation every day... don't misunderstand. But I have enough of these days that very little outside personal reading gets done... not to mention reading for information or greater understanding of the world at large.  What's worse is that my workload frazzles me to the point that my free time becomes entirely unproductive in terms of reading. I need the veg-out time away from books so my personal reading projects go unfinished. And, even worse, than that... all this speed reading and skimming is diminishing my ability to concentrate. Does that make sense? It's like I have this growing ADHD or something.  Vacation isn't enough. A  long  vacation is called for. Months away...  months . Not likely to happen.  Well, there are no perfect answers. I have a good job. I make great money. I have my tiny measure of stardom. But man is my brain tired and addled... and there are days where so little of my life feels like my own. Thank goodness those days are rare... because the other days it's easier to remember what a great situation I'm in.