         Last time, I wrote about my workout and specifically about my diet. I wrote about how I struggled with a weight of 165-170lbs, which was fine for many guys who are 5 feet, 11 inches... but left me with a lot of unnecessary bodyfat. I considered my desire for a lean, defined musculature... and my interest in the concept of   lower calorie diets . I came to the conclusion that I was eating basically the right foods... but the wrong quantities.  In March 2001, I implemented my modest plan. I would eat when I was hungry. I would stop when I was full. The food would be a good mix of the food groups and, given that I don't eat at home, a halfway decent mix of fats, proteins and carbs.  On March 5, 2001, I weighed 165 lbs. I continued my workout as I had been before... lifting 3-4 times a week and doing small amounts of cardio-- usually 1-2 20-minute sessions a week. The only thing that changed was the way I ate. And remember, I did nothing drastic. You could boil it down to this: I stopped cleaning up my plate.  The weight started dropping off slowly. on 3/15/01, I weighed 164lbs; 3/29/01- 163lbs; 4/14/01- 159lbs; 4/30/01- 158lbs; 5/21/01- 157lbs; 6/1/01- 155lbs; 6/16/01- 150lbs; 6/28/01- 148lbs.  And that's where I decided I'd gone far enough. And the interesting thing is, that's where my body seemed to say that it had gone far enough, too. In the 18 months since then, my weight has swung as low as 143lbs when I'm not working out... and as high as 150lbs the day after a particularly large pasta dinner.  The shirtless pic of me on my website shows the results of this effort.  Now, let's consider the consequences. What I did gave me a very defined physique, which was my aim. I lost a lot of bodyfat... so much that each winter now I have to take flax oil supplements so I don't get eczema. I also lost some muscle-- there's no way I could drop 15lbs without losing some. The interesting thing about being more defined is that it makes what muscle you have seem to be... bigger or something like that. Guys would come up to me at the gym and guess my weight at 175, even though I weighed 25 pounds less. Because I lost muscle, I couldn't lift as much as before, though.   In physical terms, I've also gone through quite a change. I seem to burn food much faster... which might not be what you'd expect. My metabolism seems not to have slowed at all. In fact, I feel better than ever and my body seems to run more efficiently. I have to be more careful about my blood sugar because I'm eating less. But I've become used to this. I'm slightly colder... and this surprised me until I read the information about people who pursue what's sometimes called a   super low calorie diet . I have a high body temperature and that's still the case. But I do get chilled more easily than I used to. I've assumed this was related to the lower bodyfat. It might be but that's not been determined yet.  So you get the idea? There are decided benefits and disadvantages to this approach. What you want to achieve for your own body will determine which of these results were good or not so good.  For myself, I'm happy. I'm pushing my weight up to 150 and I might even go as high as 155. To do this, I'll need to increase my caloric intake and I'll probably have to give up some definition for a while. But that's the tradeoff. I'm somewhat of a hard gainer, so weight comes on with difficulty.  I'll add one thing. If nothing else, this has shown me how important diet is to the overall look of one's body... particularly the abdominals. Some guys have abs that are very sensitive to diet... the definition can disappear the day after a couple beers. Mine are more resilient but it truly was my changes in diet that brought out the visible evidence of all the work I has doing on them. When guys ask about abs, which is often the question that I get, I talk about exercise but I say twice as much about diet. Because for many of us, that's the key to having the abs... or the other elements of definition that are important to us.  I don't know how valuable any of this essay is. But at least I thought I could explain my approach. I certainly don't mean to imply that it's the best way to go for you. In fact, a few of my friends thought it wasn't the best way for me, either. Some people grew anxious about me in the summer of '01 when the weight was coming off. But I'm glad that I pursued this path because of what it taught me about listening to my body's signals.