         Every once in a while, I get a question about my approach to working out or to diet. I usually don't say much because I don't feel qualified to dispense with a lot of advice.   Most of the time, I point guys in the direction of books like "  The Complete Book of Abs " or "  The Complete Book of Shoulders and Arms ." Both of those books have dozens of exercises and I use them as references for new workout ideas all the time. Some guys will laugh but especially back when I was just getting started with workouts, I used magazines like   Men's Fitness  as guides... not only because of the good looking guys inside... but also the wide variety of workout routines and exercises I could read about over the course of the year. MF isn't perfect but I've kept the exercise sections of the magazines for years. In fact, I still have them filed in folders, according to the body part exercised.  I think books like "  High Intensity Bodybuilding ," "  Training Nutrition " and "  A Practical Approach to Strength Training " are great sources for information. Jockohomo highly recommends "  Strength Training Anatomy ." I don't have this book yet, but it's on my Amazon Wish List... and remember, my birthday is only 7 months away. LOL  So anyway, I've read a few different sources to learn about how my body builds muscle and burns energy. My workouts aren't perfect, but I experiment with new ideas and pay attention to how my body is responding. I think listening to your body is even more important in terms of diet.  I took a somewhat radical turn in the spring of 2001. Up until then, I'd weighed anywhere from 165-170lbs. In March 2001, I had the time to take a good hard look at myself. I liked the progress from the workout, but I wasn't pleased with my definition... and my weight was at 172, which was unacceptable for me. I was carrying around too much bodyfat. I kept thinking that I was eating reasonably well. I had an excellent working knowledge of nutrition. I had read tons of stuff about the various ways that experts recommend mixing proteins, carbs and fats to have a proper diet. As far as I could see, I was doing well in that regard.  In the end, I decided that I was eating too much. I had done some reading about people who had made significant cuts in caloric intake. Not cuts in certain types of calories like carbs or fat... but an overall reduction in calories consumed. As long as they went about it the right way, they often felt better and there's some evidence that humans might live much longer lives if they reduce their caloric intake.  I'm always the synthesizer. I take information from a lot of sources to create my own path. So I started to ask myself some simple questions. How much food do I eat? When I eat, do I eat beyond the point of being full? Do I eat when I'm not hungry because of the habit of eating? As I answered these questions, I discovered that even though I was eating decent food for the most part, I was probably eating too much.  I decided to begin an experiment. I would eat when I was hungry. I would stop when I was full, regardless of whether the plate was full or empty. I would try cutting a little more fat out of my diet... in small ways. Since I eat out all the time, this would be easy. The veggie burrito comes with melted cheese... order it without cheese. Huevos rancheros at the gay bar's Sunday Brunch comes on two fried tortillas... ask that they don't fry the tortillas and skip the cheese. Nothing radical... but a slightly more vigilant approach to already careful choices to rid food of some of the more visible fat.  Next time, I'll write about how the experiment went.