         Maybe it happens when you reach a certain age. It might be a midlife crisis for some people. Or it might be an episode of massive change that repeats itself every few years. I seem to go through one of those every 4-5 years. In the past, it's involved a new job and a move to another state. I thought about doing just that this summer. I looked at a couple of possibilities and compared them to what I have now and decided I was going to stay put.  But the impetus to change is a strong one and once the idea is planted in my head, it's hard to shake. Or maybe it's not just the idea of change. Maybe it's a true desire to make change. So for the past few months, I've been thinking about that. I've been thinking about the work I do; and the balance of work and my personal life. I've felt a growing restlessness with my situation. It's a frustration that has to do with one big thing mainly: I've lost the ability to read books I'm interested in. Well, maybe I haven't lost it, but I've misplaced it, perhaps.  I have so much to read for the job that I do, that reading has become a job... a chore... an unpleasurable experience. And so what little personal time I have becomes an extended period of vegging out. I accomplish nothing and whole weekends disappear without so much as the turning of one page in a book, magazine or newspaper.  I've interpreted this as a kind of brain burnout. And so 2003 is going to be a year of change. I'm going to make a series of changes to my job duties and the result is going to be more free time for myself. I have a bunch of new and exciting challenges ahead, too. And I can concentrate on the things I enjoy doing most. I might even take a sabbatical-- go to Harvard for a year to study or something like that.  I think sometimes what others consider to be our greatest achievement can become our most confining prison. The point of living a good life is to do what you find enjoyable. And when it's no longer enjoyable, then you should pack up and move on. Sometimes this is possible and sometimes it's not. But for me in 2003, it will be possible and that's what I'm going to do.   Around the Web...   Today's   New York Times Magazine  has a large section devoted to the lives of famous people who passed away in 2002. Among them is   Harry Hay , the father of the modern gay movement. Armisted Maupin has written a thoughtful piece about him.