         It's been a busy weekend here... and it's barely started. Although, I guess for most of us, the holidays is one long weekend. Dave is working... I'm taking it easy... and we're using the evenings to watch movies we've missed and catch up a little bit. Lots of talking. I think the bf and I will be talking for the rest of our lives. It's one of the things we do very well and that will continue whether or not we're together.   Even if a small portion of it is on IM.   Dave has this penchant for wanting to conduct long conversations on IM... particularly ones that involve subjects he doesn't like to face directly... or when he's on a fishing expedition, so to speak. He's very funny that way because some things he'll face directly and others that he'd prefer to do from behind a shield. It's an interesting vulnerability that he has.  Now it's only rarely that he wants to do this-- like once in the last 3 months. Most conversations we have face to face. And although I protest for all the obvious reasons, it's interesting because the kinds of conversations we have using IM are quite thought provoking and sometimes eloquent. They follow different patterns than the face to face conversations, there are different dynamics to the way we talk compared to the way we write to each other. It's just so damn weird to be writing an IM to someone who is sitting downstairs. I'd put a stop to it completely, but on those rare times it occurs I'm always intrigued by what might happen in the exchange. And then there's the added benefit of being able to have a log of the conversation to read later. When Dave moved to Chicago for several weeks, he didn't have a phone and so there would be an occasional call from a pay phone. But most often it was an IM from him that would make my computer beep at 3 or 4am... waking me up for a conversation. So when it happens now it brings back a kind of nostalgia, even as I roll my eyes.  The kid and I just went to see The Wild Thornberry's Movie. It's not half bad. The boy enjoyed himself and now my stomach is frightfully upset over the sugar overload I gave it. I had a bag of Sour Skittles and a large Pepsi. Sometimes even one cookie makes my stomach ache so you can imagine how all that crap is affecting my blood sugar. My own fault, right?  While I'm thinking about it, the National Institutes of Health has begun the first testing of the supposed benefits of a   super low-calorie diet . Many researchers believe such a   diet  will prolong life. Here's   a piece from NPR  about it.