         Hope you had a good one! I did the unthinkable and stayed away from my computer for nearly the entire day. Now, that's saying a lot for a guy who lives with his computer... from the moment he wakes up at 5am till around 11pm at night. I'm a slave... what can I say? But I liked having the time away from it, too.  It was a great Christmas with the 35 members of Dave's extended family. It's a traditional Mexican Christmas with American add-ins, so along with the tamales and Santa, there's baked beans and swedish meatballs. We had a great time.  Today, I intend to be quite lazy. I'll do the laundry because it's screaming to be done. But only the projects that are screaming to get done will get done. Other than that, I'm planning to curl up with a   good book ...  away  from my computer.  My best present: my bf got me a new pair of   Oakley half wire sunglasses ... to replace the pair of Oakleys I lost this summer.  Dave and I saw   Gangs of New York  in Christmas Eve. We liked it... even though the reviews have been mixed. Daniel Day Lewis puts on a magnificent performance... as if that's a surprise. If you go , just be aware that it's a nearly 3 hour time commitment. This means that the extra large 72 oz Bucket O' Beverage may cause discomfort if the movie becomes riveting.  OK... so do you ever fantasize about what you'd do if you won the lottery? I've been thinking about what I'd do if I won the $315 million Powerball jackpot. Let's do some math. Assume 45% will disappear in taxes: that's still about $173 million. Let's assume a 25 year payout: about $6.9 million a year. Give half to your boyfriend: $3.5 million a year. Now give yourself an annual spending allowance: $200,000. After all, you're going to continue working, right? That leaves you with about $3.3 million a year for investing, charitable giving, paying off the parents' house, etc.  Um... that's a lot of money. Sometimes I think about what the minimum winnings would be to make me happy. I think I could be very happy winning $250,000. Assuming $125,000 after taxes... that's enough to buy a new car and make a hefty downpayment on a house, with plenty left over.  Ah, the fantasies...