         but Dave and I have managed to avoid almost all Christmas shopping. That is, until tomorrow. I'm almost dreading the trip to the mall on Saturday, because it will be disastrous. I suppose we could wait till 3am to go to Kmart and shop. But an important point: the people who shop at Kmart at 3pm are scary enough... I don't want to think about who I would find there 12 hours later. We've bought for each other. This trip will be for family and Dave's son, who has declared his interest in a Gameboy Advance this Christmas... along with 65 other toys-- each of which costs more than a small quantity of gold boullion.  I was off on the whole Trent Lott thing... saying I thought he would be out by Wednesday. He was much more stubborn than I realized. But at last,   he's stepped down .  I had a conversation with someone online the ther day about writing. He likes some of my writing here... and I complained about the highly variable quality of my work. Sometimes I think the quality of my work here is quite good. But most of the time it's just fair. I don't think it's ever really awful. But I've been trying to write as much as I can here for the sake of exercising the mind and getting the creative energies to flow more freely. The guy I was talking with mentioned that he had some good results experimenting with automatic writing. Now by that I don't mean the kind of writing you do when supposedly a spirit writes messages using your hand. I'm talking about the Surrealist approach to automatic writing. That flowing, stream-of-conscious approach has a certain allure. But I'm not very good at emptying my mind... even though sometimes it seems like I've already done it.:) I'm also not good at just writing without worrying about grammar, punctuation or spelling. I do believe, though, that there's a great advantage to writing regularly and often.  Dave and I saw   "The Two Towers"  last night. I had a great time and came away with that full feeling that one gets after watching a satisfying 3 hour movie. I think Gandalf's reappearance is one of the most thrilling parts of "Towers" so I wasn't as pleased with the anticlimactic presentation of it in the movie. I think that's my only complaint, though. The battle at Helm's Deep was brilliant. The second movie varies more from the book than the first one. But the re-construction of the story and its progression seems right to me. So as someone who has read the books close to a dozen times, I still came away pleased... loving the technology that finally has allowed this story to come to the big screen with such grandeur. Gollum is one of the most amazing special effects creations I've seen.