         ... to be in right now. It's a moment of high satisfaction... a brilliant flash of contentment in what is already a profoundly happy existence.  That's a lot of blabber to say mainly that I have this intense and somewhat inexplicable feeling of contentment today.   Part of the reason is having the day off... I'm sure of that. Part of the reason is also that empty and clean apartment that I've talked about for days here; part of it is also the long, uninterrupted stretches of Proust that I've enjoyed last night and today; there's also the 10 hours of sleep last night-- almost unheard of for me.  Well, I could go on... but there it is. I'm where I want to be- in my favorite coffee shop, with my books around me, my phone and my PDA in their precise positions on the table in front of me.  Maybe I'm a control freak about these small things. It might be some weird but benign manifestation of obsessive-compulsive disorder, I don't know. But in the absence of Dave, I find a great deal of enjoyment and even a certain measure of comfort in creating a precise order around me.  It could be that I'm trying to make up for a distinct lack of order in some other part of my life; or I'm trying to cover up a part of me that's extremely dissatisfied. Now, I happen to think the latter isn't true with me. But maybe there's some truth in the former. I think the feeling that we lack control in one or more parts of our life causes us to be even more careful with the rest of ourselves. Or this is my theory.  But I also think there's a part of me that likes everything in its place... perfectly arranged... giving the impression of having been undisturbed. I think I would be truly impossible to live with if there weren't a part of me that also welcomed chaos and uncertainty. Those are the warring factions of my life. For the moment, order has the upper hand.  I went with three friends for Indian food last night. We went to my favorite Indian restaurant in town and I ordered my standard meal: onion salad, garlic naan and  dal tarka - the tasty combination of lentils, garlic, ginger and other spices.  Now I always order it "hot." But last night it was  hot . As my friend Matt says, it's the kind of heat that makes you cry but makes you want to eat more. And eat I did! Every bit of it. I weighed 1.6 lbs heavier today at the gym... and I know exactly what it is... rice and a heap of  dal tarka .  The onion salad is a special indulgence-- albeit a rare one. The onion salad is literally sliced, raw onions, with a few cucumber and tomato wedges, sprinkled with lime and cilantro.  Raw onions have many health benefits-- antioxidant properties, B vitamins, they're anti-mucosal and they have anti-septic properties. I'm also keenly aware of their anti-people properties. But a long, determined swishing of Listerine this morning followed by sustained brushing seems to have eradicated the onion breath. Still, when I got in the shower after the workout, the steam rising from the water as it hit my body had the faint odor of... onions. I don't mind... I love onions and garlic. But I try to think of others-- others I might encounter during the day- not others who might be in the shower with me. :) I was showering alone.   In fact, I've been showering alone a lot lately, so to speak. For a long time now, I've not wanted sex. I've been in this space where, when it's been available, sex has seemed like a burden. Not that I'm a slut, but this is a new feeling for me. I've never been highly sexed, but I've always enjoyed sex and usually I'd find an excuse to have some every couple weeks. But that's not where I am these days, I guess.  This is probably a good thing because I'm not dating or involved with anyone right now. So any sex I would be having would some anonymous hookup... or with a friend who probably began as an anonymous hookup. I'm not against the anonymous hookup... as long as we've covered all the relevant safety issues.  I've listened to many people denounce the hookup as an intensely demeaning experience. They say we're making the act of sex a cheap trick; that we don't understand the true meaning and passion of the sexual experience-- which we could never experience in a hookup; that, leaving aside the physical satisfaction, we're abusing our psychological self.  Usually when someone launches into this argument, I stay silent. First of all, because they usually go on for a very long time. And second, because I don't entirely disagree with them. I think for some people, it is a demeaning and psychologically damaging experience. These people feel empty and awful afterward because of what they've done.  Personally, I've never felt that way. I don't think it's because I'm totally lacking in personal awareness. I think it might be because I have a strong sense of myself; or maybe it's because when I have hooked up, I've known exactly why I was doing it and what I should and should not expect from the experience. Or it might be some other reason.  Under no condition will I tell the person who has those negative feelings about hookups that he's weak or not worldly enough or whatever. Everyone has the right to their own feelings, just as all of us can make our own moral decisions. But I don't feel that I personally suffer because I've hooked up before.  The fact is, though, I don't feel like hooking up now. And I haven't for some time-- long enough that I'm wondering if I've turned some kind of corner.   There are times now when I think sex would be great. But as opportunities have arisen in recent months, I've turned them down. I think it's because what I want more than anything is affection... to be held at night... to be kissed... to be touched. We all want these things. And I think most of us are smart enough to know that the embrace, the encircling arms, the gentle kiss are the gifts of a lover... not a guy you met on the Internet 45 minutes ago.  Right now, I prefer that kind of intimacy enough that I don't feel the need to get off with a stranger... or anyone whom I'm not dating.  I wonder how long this will last?  I'm not saying it will never happen again.