         Man oh man... how many times have we said that to the guy we just broke up with? And how many times have we been on the receiving end of that suggestion?  I think, aside from the struggle to making a failing relationship work, there's no more difficult process than trying to rebuild a friendship after a relationship has ended. Sometimes, it's easy and natural and friends hardly notice as a couple reverts to two individuals. But that's rare. What's more common is two individuals who no longer speak to each other... who bear a certain level of animosity toward each other.  But I would also argue that what happens most of the time is something in between those extremes: two guys who say hi when they run into each other, mumble awkwardly about the weather and how busy they've been, and part ways.  Frankly, I think that kind of arms-length, strained cordiality is almost as bad as two people who have stopped speaking to each other. It's a loss... potentially a huge loss because of lost opportunities for friendship and companionship. After all, two people got together thinking they had the right ingredients to build a relationship and a life together. The relationship didn't work, but those qualities that made two guys think it might still exist, right?  Now, I don't think remaining friends after a breakup is necessary or mandatory. If your boyfriend abused you, chances are there won't be many cozy meetings for coffee and conversations after the breakup. And sometimes, there's a negative chemistry or a series of events that sours a relationship to the point that friendship would only be forced. I have a previous relationship that ended sourly and friendship with the ex has been impossible. I'm not beating myself up about it. I've tried and failed and at some point, I have to move on.  Again, being friends with every single ex you have isn't mandatory, and I don't consider it to be a badge of honor, necessarily.  But I think too many relationships decay without the individuals working hard enough to build something new to replace it. And that's a loss... for the two individuals involved, friends and family.  Why do we turn away? There are as many reasons as there are failed relationships.  Sometimes, there was nothing else there to begin with. It amazes me how this guy I'm dating can seem to be so cool to talk and hang out with. I can't get enough of him. But something just isn't happening and when we break up and try to go on being friends, we discover we have very little in common. The mutual sexual attraction or the blindness caused by romance led us to think there was some kind of connection. It can take a while after a breakup to realize that there's nothing there without the sex.  I think some guys are so deeply hurt by the end of the relationship, or how it ended, or why it ended... that they can't get past it. I don't have a lot of sympathy for this situation. Well, let's put it this way. After a certain period of time has passed, I find that I'm less sympathetic to someone who is experiencing these feelings. Some guys are slow to forgive and slow to let go and move on. Beyond a certain recovery period, I think this is a character flaw.  I think sometimes it's because we feel guilt about how things turned out. I loved one of my boyfriends very much. But I struggled with his relocation to another city. That and other factors led me to break up. I thought I was doing the right thing at the time. But for months after, I was bothered by my decision, how I had handled it, etc. The consequence was that my relationship with my ex was rather shallow. I didn't want to hang out with him much because I felt guilty... and I avoided just about every opportunity to deepen the friendship. It limped along for more than a year... mainly because my ex wouldn't give up on it.   Time has a way of healing wounds and he and I now have a great friendship that's growing closer all the time. Time was key in this situation and it is in many severed relationships. I've seen many couples try to force themselves into a friendship... merely because they think they have to... or that it's expected of them. Those "friendships" make everyone uncomfortable and you might find most of your friends running away when they see the two of you coming.  My ex, Dave, and I might be mini-experts in the art of being boyfriends and then friends. Not that we're doing it right... just that we've done it enough times that we've managed to improve each time.   Dave and I have only been friends for about 2 years, but our friendship is about as deep as any friendship I've known. And we've discovered that when we're apart there's a deep yearning to be with each other. For a long time, we thought that might mean more than friendship, but I think we both know now that it probably doesn't. It's just a highly unusual and very rewarding friendship.  The first two times we tried dating and then broke up, we made all the common mistakes, were insensitive to each other in all the standard ways... and in all the special ways that one can be insensitive to an ex who is also his roommate. It was a strain... not to the breaking point... but a strain, nonetheless.  A few months after the second breakup, Dave had the opportunity to move to Chicago. I was happy to see him go because I knew that the city would present him with many opportunities. But I also didn't want him in the house anymore. I was at the point of trying anything that would get him away from me... not permanently... but enough that I could have my own space.  Well, I've already outlined the basic elements of that story here. He moved... love rekindled... he returned... and we began version 3.0 of our relationship.  How are we doing at the end of this go at  Love ? We're doing very well. I think there are a couple of reasons for this. First of all, I think we have our priorities straight with the friendship taking priority over all else. And what makes that more than just pie-in-the-sky talk is what has generally been a high level of communication. We talked ourselves through this final attempt at a relationship in ways we had never done before... and in ways that I had never done in any relationship before. It was hard, but we developed a way to talk about nearly every issue that came up... including several discussions about whether the relationship itself could continue. We talked all the way through the unwinding of the relationship... to the end. And we're still talking about the aftermath, about our friends, the feelings that we still have for each other... well it's a long list.  We were on the same page when we broke up... although I hesitate to make too much of this because I think this doesn't happen often-- even though copious communication can help make it possible.  I'm still going to reclaim more space for myself in the coming months. Dave is moving out and while he'll be in the same town and quite close by, we'll both have some extra space in which to live our lives. I think steps like this make the friendship even stronger because you're removing potential points of friction. And when we're talking about two former boyfriends trying to move on and date and occasionally hookup and all the rest... living apart can only be a good thing!  I think that are plenty of reasons not to continue any kind of friendship after a relationship. Some of them are good reasons. But I think that too often, we'll allow ourselves to take the easy way out and miss the opportunity to cultivate a new kind of relationship with someone who knows us quite well. The boyfriends who have become friends have turned out to be some of my sharpest critics... AND most loyal confidants.