         ... is clean. The living room, kitchen, bathrooms, my bedroom... and now, like a crazed obsessive-compulsive, I'm counting down the hours until my roommate leaves for 3 weeks in Hawaii tomorrow morning. I feel like my mom must have felt after having spent the day cleaning the house in preparation for company. We kids would arrive home from school and she'd try frantically-- and only somewhat successfully-- to control the whirlwind of destruction that we would leave behind us.  I love my roommate but he's sloppy. He seems to treat a messy room or the dirty dishes that he's created as something that someone else will clean up. Now, we all have lapses. As much as I like a perfectly spotless living room and kitchen, I rapidly lose interest when it comes to the bathroom or even my bedroom. Both are most often in high states of disorganization. Living with the kind of roommate I have has also made worn down my resistance to piles of magazines or books on the coffee table or coats left on chairs.  But, beginning tomorrow... the loft will be exclusively mine for 3 weeks. And I'm so excited about it being-- and remaining-- clean that I can hardly contain myself.  Pretty disturbing, huh? It would be if so many gay men  weren't  like me.  Other than that series of compulsive thoughts... how am I spending my day off? I'm reading   Bernard Lewis' "What Went Wrong?" . It's a remarkable account of how the Arab world fell dramatically from its position of leadership in the pursuit of knowledge 500 years ago... to what he calls a region of "shabby tyrannies" today. The book is about 160 pages so you can finish it in a day, perhaps. But the questions Lewis raises and tries to answer are complex. Lewis is one of the foremost Arab scholars and his understanding of Arab culture-- as well as the depth of his reading of source material-- is impressive. Check it out.  My legs are still shaky and uncertain... 4 hours after my leg workout this morning. It's a sign of a good, heavy workout... and portends some sore muscles by tomorrow night.  I've written an essay type thing that I'll publish here tomorrow.