         Well, whatever it is, it's a lot more fun than doing the same thing at 5am, I can tell you that for sure.   Saturday night, Dave and I went to a dinner party hosted by a friend of ours. Nice time, nice people, good food, great wine, good conversation. OK? Well, around 10:30pm, our host offers us a cup of coffee. The wine is gone, so sure, we'll have a cup.  He reaches into the cupboard and produces what must be the world's smallest coffee cups. These aren't espresso cups... these are Hobbit coffee cups, I swear. Well, it certainly makes the pot go further. Dave and I each consumed about one and a half cuplets, struggling to get our fingers to fit through the Barbie-sized handle.  We return home... watch some TV, talk, answer email, talk some more. At 1:30am, we're off to bed. After about 30 minutes, Dave is the first to give up trying. He crawls out of bed and goes downstairs to write. Then I get up. There's no getting around it... I'm not going to sleep for a while, so I might as well make the best of it.  I thought I'd surf by gay.com and see if any of my friends were in the chat room. Nope, not even my friend Brad. His bf works overnights so he's often in the room. Not that night. There were plenty of other guys... some of them rather hot... making suggestions that sounded pretty hot to me. But with my ex in the house, I thought it might be tacky.  So I left the chat room and figured I'd update my web site and read a few new weblogs. Five minutes later, I was truly bored. Time check: 4am. Ok... time for bed. I should at least give it another shot. Nothin' doin'. Ten minutes in bed confirms that sleep isn't about to happen-- not even by accident. Already, in the back of my mind, I'm starting to focus in on those cup-ettes of java. I got back up and did another 150 crunches. I figured if I was tired and couldn't sleep, there was no reason why my abs should. I read the New York Times Book Review... even the books I didn't like. I checked in on   soblo  to see how he's feeling after recent events. Let's see... any update from   Mike 's weblog? No... not in the 5 minutes since I last checked.  It was 6am before I fell asleep.  I looked it up: an extreme over-reaction to tiny amounts of caffeine isn't considered justifiable homicide in Michigan. So when I saw our dinner party host last night, I just gave him an extra tight bear hug.