         ... it's been since I spent a long evening in a coffee shop. But I did last night. I wandered across the street in downtown Ann Arbor from my loft to the coffee shop carrying a backpack full of magazines and books. It would take many times the four hours I spent there to consume the reading material I packed in my bag. But that's always the way it is with me and books... my eyes are bigger than my stomach.  I spent the evening with  "The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers."  I read two-thirds of the book, savoring for probably the 11th or 12th time, Tolkien's tale. I don't read a lot of fiction; my mind is literal and history and biography are my favorite pasttimes. But the Lord of the Rings holds a special place in my heart and mind. When I was younger, I read it every summer. I don't have the time to enjoy that pleasure anymore; or maybe it's that I've moved on and can enjoy it less frequently now. In any case, it still gives me a great deal of pleasure to savor my favorite moments of the story. Proust can wait for tomorrow.  P. has dropped by the coffee shop to pick up a latte at 11:30pm. He's wearing khaki pants, a tweed jacket and, in an odd twist, a dark green baseball cap. As he sips his latte, I wonder just how much money he has. $50 million? It's quite possible. This town has its share of the rich. There's a restaurant here called Knight's. It's one of those places that everyone knows about; it's so well-known that there's no sign outside... just a carving of a large chess piece. Drop in for lunch and you might find four people sititng at a table, both arms on the surface, drinking coffee, forking a lettuce leaf or picking at a steak sandwich. The net worth of those four could be in the low billions. I don't know why I find that remarkable. One would expect it in New York or Los Angeles. In Ann Arbor, Michigan, it surprised me.   There's not much that surprises me about this city... after 5 years living here. But it's home. I still love DC and New York and I hope to live in one or both of those cities someday. Last year, I thought about changes... perhaps changing the city where I live or maybe changing my job. I've opted to make changes in my career in this new year... my hometown won't change. For now, Ann Arbor suits me just fine.