         winds down and I look back and wonder how it was that the days went by so quickly. Weeks are busy but they're also a blur. Is there any way to capture and store all this time that's speeding by me? What would I do with it if I could? Would I waste it in the same ways that I waste so much time now? Probably. Too much time in front of the computer and too little time between the pages of a great book or with good friends.  I like Friday nights more than any other night of the week, I think. It must be because of the promise of a full weekend ahead... the joy of arriving at the very edge of an extended period of free time. The afternoon when you finish work before a vacation starts is probably the only moment that feels better. It's knowing that there's so much time that spreads out before one like the vast plains of Nebraska. Or for those of you who don't like Nebraska, a majestic range of snowcapped mountains, or something like that.  Alright, you get my point. :)  The other thing I like more than anything else is a quiet, empty, clean house. When you have a roommate, you often don't have a quiet or empty house. And if you're roommate is like mine, you don't have a clean house, either. Don't get me wrong. I love my roommate. He's a great guy and we've had almost 2 years of enjoying each other's company at close range. But maybe because he's going to be moving out soon... I'm thinking more and more about those little things that bug me about him. All of us who have, or have had, roommates know what I'm talking about. It's the mental check list we keep of the household shortcomings of our roommate. The roommate has his checklist, too... I'm sure of it. I think it stays in the back of your mind until some event calls it to the front. For me, most of the time it's knowing that I'm soon to be living alone again. From that moment of first realization until my roommate steps out the door for the last time, I'm going to be thinking of every unwashed dish, every towel tossed lazily on the floor, every missed opportunity to help in any way with the cleaning of the apartment.  But there's always that other side that you're reminded of after the roommate is gone. He couldn't pick up after himself, but dammit he was fun to talk to. And if you're like me, after a couple months, you start to think that the house is too quiet and perhaps another life form would brighten things up. And thus, the cycle begins again.  Maybe next time, I'll spring for a gerbil or something.  There's something kind of Proustian about this Friday night. Don't ask me why but I think it's going to be a good night to settle into "The Search for Lost Time." Especially because the title so eloquently expresses my quest of late.