         This is one of those days where I think I might write a lot but as I begin I have no idea what it will be about. This is often the case with me... and maybe in some of my posts it's quite apparent to you. :) oh well, I try. Whether or not I'm good at it... I do enjoy writing in this way. It's like conversation with a friend. The best conversations often begin in an aimless way and the meandering along this side street and that leads to topics that provoke new thoughts and insights. I think writing can lead to the same fertile ground.  It's a good exercise for me because I'm a total type A kind of guy. I'm usually concentrating only on getting from here to there and what's the most direct way to do it. But taking time to stop and look around and comment on the view often leads to the best nuggets of truth or the most memorable moments.  I'm trying to do this when I interview people. Instead of driving the guest like a herd of cattle from point A to point B, I'm trying to be mindful of my agenda... but still be willing to stop along the road and enjoy the view, so to speak. I don't know how else to describe it... to be directed and yet flexible. Anyway, enough about work. It's 9pm as I write this and my mind should be a thousand miles away from work.   Yesterday was my second leg day at the gym this year. I hesitate to say this but it was also my second leg day in about the last two years. I used to make fun of guys who had big upper bodies and toothpicks for legs. It's terrible form and not good for your body's balance. And then I stopped doing legs. Mine were big. I could do about a thousand pounds on the leg press. Guys would walk up, look at the plates, and ask if I was on the hockey team. But my dirty secret was that I hated working my legs. It was boring and painful and I didn't see the same kinds of results that I did with my arms or chest. So I stopped. The result? Toothpicks for legs. So, it's time to get serious about my calves and thighs again... and 'fess up to my bad behavior. :)  I had a long phone conversation with my friend Todd in San Diego tonight. Today is his 33rd birthday and it was a year ago today that we met on the dance floor of a club in San Diego. We had a few days of really cool times together. I still think to this day that it was some of the most passionate sex I've had in my life. He remains a true friend and I wish him all the best today as he and his friends even now are getting together for dinner at the   Indigo Grill .  Some days I think I lose all interest in news. This was one of those days. I picked up the   New York Times  and read about   heavy crude in Venezuela  and   new research exploring a range of sleep disorders . But the bottom line was that I was more interested in my interview with   Moby  and in asking him what he thought of those almost tribal moments of synchronicity that occur on the dance floor when the music is hot and everybody's dancing. Have you ever experienced what I'm talking about? I don't know how to describe it except that it's happened to me twice (without drugs to help it along) and both times I looked around and my impression was that everyone was moving in slow motion. It was quite an amazing experience. Moby was less mystical about it than me, but he knew about those moments of synchronicity that I was talking about.  Terence McKenna (may he RIP) used to say that certain rhythm signatures, in combination with psychedelic drugs, could allow one to access something that we might call the   universal consciousness . I don't think I'm that much of a mystic to embrace that idea. But I think there is a certain power to a large group of people dance to house or techno. My friend Matt brought up the idea from gay lit of the universal brotherhood of man that some believe can exist on the dancefloor. Another interesting idea.  Ah well... much to occupy the mind on a Tuesday night. Better than   masturbating , right?