         So I come into work this morning. It's going to be an easy day. I'm breezing through morning drive on NPR, occasionally wondering why I've been bumbling a few words here and there over the past few days.  Note to myself: less coffee  before the news. I wander into my office and check the schedule for next week. And there among the usual list of authors, psychologists, historians and scientists to be interviewed next week... is Moby.  It's so typical. I asked for an interview with Moby a couple months ago. The staff has been silent about it and I assumed we weren't able to work it out. Well, I made an ass out of me, to paraphrase and let you off the hook. And to continue the typical... there's no heads-up from the staff, to let me know that I should launch into some intense reading and listening over the weekend to prepare. It was the same way with Madeleine Albright. "Todd, we got Albright. Can you talk to her the day after tomorrow?" It was the same with Salman Rushdie. "Todd, we got Rushdie for tomorrow. Can you do it?" "Oh sure... I'll just read a couple of his books tonight to prepare."  But enough complaining... I'm talking to Moby and I'm so excited!   If you haven't seen it...  check out this   New Year's post  from   cucalambe . It's exceptional writing... appropriate and heartfelt.  While I'm thinking about it...   Chrisonomicon  offered a link   earlier this week  to a   piece by Phillip Pullman  about the responsibility of good storytelling. Among other things... you have to tell the truth, you have to use the language correctly... and you must struggle for clarity. It's an exceptional piece that reminds me somewhat of the classic   Strunk and White .  The weekend should be reasonably quiet... just what the doctor ordered after a hectic and expensive holiday. Dave and I have been collecting a few long movies on the Replay box... the new version of Apocalypse Now and Malcolm X. So maybe we'll devote 6-7 hours to those films this weekend. I'm going to spend some quality time with   Proust ... as my 5 year reading continues. There's the workout, which is enjoyable, but a little painful after my short time away from the weights. I'm so skinny when I look in the mirror. Oh there's miles of definition... it just seems like there's so little muscle. It's psychological... and real. But I'll regain the weight I lost... and the lost muscle will come with it.