         2003 dawns in Michigan with our first Democratic governor in 12 years preparing to take the oath of office. Jennifer Granholm has the makings of an effective and thoughtful, forceful leader. I've had a few discussions with her already and I'm impressed. We'll see how she does once the honeymoon is over and the excitement over the first female governor in Michigan wears off.  So what are your   New Year's resolutions  ? Or do you make them?  I usually haven't. A couple years ago, I decided I would try to achieve 7% bodyfat... which I did. But that's been about the extent of my resolution making.  But this year will be different. I think... that I'm going to resolve to be happy in 2003. Pursuing happiness sounds easy... perhaps easier than losing bodyfat. But I think being happy is harder; much harder. That explains why so many people are unhappy. It's not as though I've been unhappy. I've been very happy. I have a job that I love. I make a great deal of money. I have great friends. I have kind of a nice body... which for a gay guy is a good thing.  But as I've hinted here, there are aspects of my life about which I'm not happy. So, my goal for 2003 is to make change... to be  happier . I've already taken one major step. I'm single again... which I think is best. Nothing bad happened, folks. In fact, if we didn't tell people, I don't think anyone would know it if they saw us together. And more important, we both feel very good about it. It was a step I needed to take and so there's step one. And there's more to come.  Maybe I'm lucky. To be happier, I don't have to find a new job or a new apartment or a new city to live in. I have it easy I guess. But no matter our circumstances, I think we have to ask ourselves if we are happy. And if we can't truly answer that question positively, then we need to do some thinking. And then we need to use the tools at our disposal to make change. Change is what life is all about. It's what every day is about. It's what makes our lives better and richer.