         mmmm... I'm sitting here typing on the new laptop and admiring the feel of this keyboard... the spring of the keys and the pleasing sound of striking them. I'd forgotten how enjoyable it could be to type and create on a keyboard that feels this good. Is that weird or what? But if you're one of those people who lives on your computer, you have to know what it feels like to be using a keyboard that just isn't "right." My old Dell lapper was a cool little marvel... so thin and light. But with a keyboard that was 95% of full size, things were scrunched slightly and the feel wasn't exactly right so that when I typed I made a lot of mistakes and my typing slowed down. The new notebook is one of those 6 pound jobbies, but the keyboard is full-sized and my oh my those keys feel just right and they sound so pleasant when I strike them. The result? My fingers glide across the surface and I actually look forward to typing because it's such an enjoyable experience.  Have I mentioned that I haven't had sex in a long time?  :)   I was glad to read   Chrisonomicon 's comments about   configuring his new work computer ... because it makes me think there must be many of us for whom a carefully configured laptop is a must. It has to be just so... icons in the proper place and order within the Quick Launch toolbar... Outlook configured for the correct font display... new document template created for Word... Trillian set up so it goes into black and white mode when it's idle. My desk here at home is a mess right now but that doesn't matter. The virtual desktop where I do my real work is clean.   Oh and speaking of moving on...  and trying hard... which I wasn't  (but I was thinking it)  check out   Soblo's thoughts on this subject . Especially this...   You know, it's tough sometimes. It's tough when you finally get what you want, then realize you didn't really get it, and start looking again, only to realize that the past experience fucked you up so much you aren't ready to look again, no matter how much you want to. And if you ignore that reality, and look anyway, you might find something great, but you're going to be too fucked up to realize it or capitalize on it, and you'll be thrown right back into the training pool, because despite your insistence to the contrary, you're not ready. That's tough too.     Soblo  often has a way of putting his finger on it... and above is another example.   Theme of the day   Few people know this about me, but I have a collection fetish for news theme music packages. I have a large collection from all over the country. The theme on my mind today is Image IX-- familiar to Coloradans from the early 90's and   News 4... Colorado's News Channel .