         ... we'll briefly join Donald Rumsfeld in ganging up on France. And why not??? They're French!!!  I heard that Rumsfeld was asked how he felt going into this war without France. His answer: "Going into a war without France is like deer hunting without an accordian." Here's why...  The Complete Military History of France  Gallic Wars - Lost. In a war whose ending foreshadows the next 2000 years of French history, France is conquered by of all things, an Italian.  Hundred Years War - Mostly lost, saved at last by female schizophrenic who inadvertently creates The First Rule of French Warfare: "France's armies are victorious only when not led by a Frenchman."  Italian Wars - Lost. France becomes the first and only country to ever lose two wars when fighting Italians.  Wars of Religion - France goes 0-5-4 against the Huguenots.  Thirty Years War - France is technically not a participant, but manages to get invaded anyway. Claims a tie on the basis that eventually the other participants started ignoring her.  War of Devolution - Tied. Frenchmen take to wearing red flowerpots as chapeaux.  The Dutch War - Tied.  War of the Augsburg League/King William's War/French and Indian War - Lost, but claimed as a tie. Three ties in a row induces deluded Frog-o-philes the world over to label the period as the height of French military power.  War of the Spanish Succession - Lost. The War also gave the French their first taste of a Marlborough, which they have loved every since.  American Revolution - In a move that will become quite familiar to future Americans, France claims a win even though the English colonists saw far more action. This is later known as "de Gaulle Syndrome", and leads to the Second Rule of French Warfare: "France only wins when America does most of the fighting."  French Revolution - Won, primarily due the fact that the opponent was also French.  The Napoleonic Wars - Lost. Temporary victories (remember the First Rule!) due to leadership of a Corsican, who ended up being no match for a British footwear designer.  The Franco-Prussian War - Lost. Germany first plays the role of drunk Frat boy to France's Ugly girl home alone on a Saturday night.  World War I - Tied and on the way to losing, France is saved by the United States. Thousands of French women find out what it's like to not only sleep with a winner, but one who doesn't call her "Fraulein." Sadly, widespread use of condoms by American forces forestalls any improvement in the French bloodline.  World War II - Lost. Conquered French liberated by the United States and Britain just as they finish learning the Horst Wessel Song.  War in Indochina - Lost. French forces plead sickness, take to bed with the Dien Bien Flu.  Algerian Rebellion - Lost. Loss marks the first defeat of a western army by a Non-Turkic Muslim force since the Crusades, and produces the First Rule of Muslim Warfare: "We can always beat the French." This rule is identical to the First Rules of the Italians, Russians, Germans, English, Dutch, Spanish, Vietnamese and Esquimaux.  War on Terrorism - France, keeping in mind its recent history, surrenders to Germans and Muslims just to be safe. Attempt to surrender to the Vietnamese ambassador fails after he takes refuge in a McDonald's.  The question for any country silly enough to count on the French should not be "Can we count on the French?", but rather "How long until France collapses?"