         another busy schedule of work, reading, work, reading, workouts... etc. Add to that all the necessary preparations for my trip to Iowa this Friday. I'll be there for close to 3 weeks. So, as you can imagine, there's twice as much work to be done this week so that I can be away, plus there are friends I need to see before I leave. The trip is one I take most every year. Make no mistake about it-- it's work. But it's also a kind of vacation. I don't have to study for my regular work, I have more time to spend at the   gym , and I get to stay at a decent   hotel . I usually get a lot of   reading  done, and that means it's likely that I will finish Proust while I'm there. My gosh... after all these years, what will I read next? And what will I talk about, since I've talked about Proust at least twice weekly like clockwork for 6 years.  By the way... to echo an old and goofy tradition on this site...    Iowa Responds To Terror  .  I know no one cares... but another week or two goes by and I still have no interest in sex.  What the hell is wrong with me?!?!?!   :)  It must be mourning now that the eminently cool and handsome   Chrisonomicon  and his equally handsome   boyfriend  are thinking about buying a house together. Speaking of which, in my totally random way, I'm going to travel to Colorado this year to meet those guys. I'm also going to try to meet up with   Jockohomo  and the other journal writers whom I so enjoy reading online. Sooner or later, you have to put a face to the pen, right? Keyboard?  So where was I? Oh yeah, sex. No interest. No hookups, no sexual relationships... no desire. Since when? Probably last November... this  has  to be a record! But who cares... this is where I am these days. Besides all that time engaged in sex was doubtless eating into my time reading Proust, right?  I'm very happy with my new laptop. The 19 month old Dell Latitude I had used nearly continuously has pretty much outlived its usefulness. It sits at home, the backbone of a home-based desktop... monitor and other extras attached. The new laptop is a screamer.... at least for a while. Pentium 4, 2.8GHz, 512 MB RAM, 32 MB Video, 60GB hard drive, CDRW/DVD. mmmm... tasty! True to form, I spent all weekend getting every little thing perfectly in place in that finicky way that I have with computers and file organization. So today is really the first day of use.  A couple readers have asked if I'm about to give up on the journal. I'm not, although the updates have been less than regular over the past couple of weeks. It's the press of work and life, but I expect a real improvement after this week. If you consider more posts to be an improvement.