         I cannot figure out why I'm in a slightly sour mood this morning. Maybe because it's still so damn cold outside? Maybe because we missed out on all the snow that so many others got? Maybe because I didn't get enough personal reading accomplished this weekend?  Who knows? More likely, it's some dream that I'll never remember or the result of some random event. Speaking of random...  Here we go with a couple acres of random thoughts.  I did a lot of research yesterday into the genre of "  song-poems ." These are poems written by amateurs and sent to   companies -- which, for a fee, will record them for you. The songs are often quite comical, sometimes pathetic. But, in a way, they're kind of sweet. These people hope to maybe have a hit record-- as impossible as that is. Or they just want to know that someone else has recorded their song. PBS will air a documentary this week about song-poems... called "Off the Charts." Check it out or listen to some of the more wacky song-poems on the weblinks above.  I must have read Proust for 4 hours yesterday... riveted by an important plot point. As usual, Proust took somewhere close to a hundred pages just to describe the events at a particular gathering of friends on a winter evening. But that's the beauty of Proust... you are forced to stop and consider. What's wrong with that?  It's been at least a few years since I've had such a strong desire to be alone. I often go through periods like this after ending a dating relationship. It's kind of a cleansing for me. It's not that I disconnect from friends; I'm more conscious of my free time and I try to take as much of it as I can for myself. Most of it has been spent with books-- either ones I'm reading for myself or for work. I've shut myself up in my room more... away from my roommate and any other distractions. It must be a kind of coccoon I'm building. I think it's a good thing... it never lasts long and it always seems prepare me for whatever is coming next.  And I still have my ex. Each of the ex's -- C and D-- figure prominently in my life. They are speed dial #'s 2 and 3 on my phone. I spend as much time as I can with each of them. And yes... I'm writing this because I got flack from a couple of you for talking about  D  behaving like an ass when he's drunk! LOL Well, sometimes he does, although it's rare. It doesn't mean I love him any less. In fact, the real problem is that I love him so much. Sometimes, I think the supreme sorrow is loving someone so much and yet knowing there's virtually no way to fashion a workable relationship, given the issues involved. It's not easy... but neither is any aspect of life, I suppose. Except maybe a breakfast of eggs and hash browns on a Sunday. Or maybe a bowl of homemade pasta with a little sauce and a lot of garlic.  non sequitor ? Yes... but I'm hungry.  Here's a book for you to check out if you're interested in this sort of thing: "  Origins of Existence: How Life Emerged in the Universe ." I read it last week for work. The author is Fred Adams, a physicist at the University of Michigan. He's synthesized new and old data about our universe to fashion a truly understandable and breathtaking history of the formation of our universe and its major features. I think it's a brilliant book. Check it out!  Today is the day to order the new notebook PC. My little 4 lb lapper has suffered innumerable injuries... to the point where tape holds it together; the only thing keeping the screen attached is the ribbon that sends the data from the video card to the screen. It's a sad situation. But by early next week, we'll be sitting pretty. The new PC is heavier by a few pounds. But it's a powerhouse. And... it isn't held together by tape.