         I'm such a curmudgeon about Valentine's Day. In reality, I'm not. But I like to cultivate that impression among my friends and so I've done that for a long time.  But for all my faux-sullen attitude toward the day, I was touched to get one Valentine's Day card... from my roommate's 6yo son. He made me a card with a pop-up Valentine in the center and a Spongebob sticker. You can bet this card is one I'll never throw away.  There is one thing I love about Valentine's Day. It's the Single Guys Night Out that I've made something of a tradition. For 4 years now, I've been rounding up single friends and going to our local gay bar for their special Valentine's dinner. Last night was a blast.  D  and I went as newly single former boyfriends and we invited a couple other friends. It was an immensely enjoyable evening... in part because  D  didn't drink too much and make an ass of himself.  I'm just telling it like it is-- recognizing my own foibles, of course. Ahem, none of which I'll mention here. :)  I get these job offer calls from time to time. This week a headhunter called to talk about a "blind search." Major job opportunity... $80k+benefits. I asked him who it was.  "I can't say."  So I'm applying for a job in a geographical location and at a place that is unknown to me? Maybe this happens all the time in the business world. But it's so foreign to me. What if you applied for a job in a blind search and liked the sound of it and got all excited because it sounded like New York or San Diego... and it turns out to be Minot, ND? I'm not knocking Minot. OK, yes, I am. But geesh... how long in the process can it be before you would have to know?  So I said,  "Is it M--?"  Silence.  "How did you know?"   "They called me directly last July to offer me the job for $85k."   "Oh. Well, now it's $80-100k. You interested?"  hmmm... in my industry, it's one of the most significant players. But I'm also working for a significant player now.  I don't move for money and I never have. Besides the location sucks-- relatively speaking.  Well that's enough career talk. But I think this whole "blind search" thing is wacky. It gives a job this kind of allure that it probably doesn't deserve. It's like "competitive salary."  For months now, I've been talking about writing something on the monogamy/open relationship thing. That moment may be coming soon. It's been delayed while I've been trying to think up a grand statement-- the easy answer with the positive resolution that I always like to present when I write here. But as I wrote last summer, life's issues can't always be wrapped in neat packages with a perfect ending and a little moral lesson at the end. So instead of trying to craft that kind of thing, I'm going to present something that is more ragged, uncertain-- but real. Maybe for tomorrow.