         since I wrote here last in this journal- the longest time in a few months at least. It's one of those weeks that starts out busy and gets more busy and you're riding that wave of busy-ness and right at the crest you look around at the work you had to accomplish and you wonder at how little it really was.  I don't know how else to explain it, except that I was feeling overwhelmed trying to read 6 different books in 4 days. And then Thursday afternoon, I found myself looking ahead to an uneventful Friday and what will be a weekend of various friends-type events, but a quiet weekend nonetheless.  Ah well, at least there's the respite. Otherwise I'd be complaining here to no end and then you'd be clicking right about now to go to another page.  I passed a major milestone last weekend, in my now 6 year quest to read   "In Search of Lost Time"  by Marcel Proust. I finished the second of the three volumes in the set. So that's about 2500 pages done... with only 1100 to go! I've determined that 2003 will be the year that I finish Proust and I intend to make it so. It's not exactly impossible. It's just been slow reading because I've read lots of other books for work and pleasure along the way. And you know what? I have half a mind to go back to page one and start all over again in 2004. But if I have half a mind to do that, then I've lost the other half.  There are those big multi-book sets that are so tempting. I own the three volume set of   "Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire"  and the 11-volume set of the infinished history of the world by   Will and Ariel Durant . They look so good on the shelf... a library brimming with history... a home to words and stories about the past. I'm all about that. But I've owned the Durant set for 12 years and the Decline and Fall for probably 7 years and both remain unread. But hope springs eternal. Maybe finishing Proust will give me the burst of energy and gumption to make these other dreams a reality.    I've gained 5 pounds   in the last 5 weeks. And this is another milestone for me. It's been close to 2 years since I weighed 150 lbs. I fretted about whether I'd be able to do this and keep the muscle definition that I'd come to enjoy looking at on my frame. But almost all it remains after the assault of additional calories and heavy workouts of the past few weeks. I'm pleased with how I look so I'll give myself a couple of months to gain another 5 pounds and see how I like myself then.  Dave returns from Hawaii tomorrow after about 2.5 weeks of playing football in the sun and watching sunsets and writing on the beach. The damage? We'll let's tally it up: one pair of Oakley sunglasses lost; one favorite pair of shorts lost (hmmm... he's got some explaining to do on that count); one wireless phone destroyed after unexpected immersion in seawater; and, one digital voice recorder ruined-- yes, seawater. Thank goodness he's not staying any longer. He's run out of valuables.  I've had this past two weeks to consider   the prospect of dating  ... and my gosh it sucks. It seems the height of unfair that a guy like me who hates to date should be unsuccessful in finding lasting love and thus be forced to commit the very act which he despises most. I've tried to figure out why I hate it so much and I think that beyond the awkwardness of going out to coffee or dinner with someone you don't know very well, it's just this idea that this is wrong. My last boyfriend and I were friends first and roommates and so we already had become practically best friends by the time we considered dating that we didn't have to have that awkward "what do you like to do in your spare time?" conversation. By contrast, Dave and I had the opposite problem. After living together for so long, we knew most everything about each other. We knew hobbies, each other's work schedule, little eccentricities, what each other looked like naked-- those basic kinds of roommate things.  Dating for us was like being roommates except we were sleeping in the same bed and having sex. There was a lack of mystery about each other... and if you think about it, that's at least half the allure of dating. The guy is handsome and maybe hot and you like his personality. But there's also this mystery. What's he like naked? Is he good in bed? Is he a great cuddler? Can he cook? Dating is the discovery of those secrets. It's not a bad thing if you know most of the answers already, but it takes a small measure of the fun out of it. I think if I ever start dating a roommate again I'm going to make him move out. If the relationship goes well, he can move back in after a year or so... but otherwise, OUT. :)  I've been trying to put my finger on it for the last couple of months and at last I know what it is. As I sit here at Sweetwaters sipping my vanilla tea and looking out at people walking down the sidewalks and at my loft across the street... I realize,   I'm finished here  . I'm done with Ann Arbor, Michigan. It doesn't mean I'm better than this city, or that I've experienced everything here that there is to experience... it just means that I'm done here. I can feel it.  Have you ever felt that before about where you lived or maybe where you worked? It's not like you moved the next day or changed jobs two days later. It might take two years... but I'm done here. It won't be like I'm marking time. I like it here a lot... the shops, the restaurants, the people, all my friends. But within a couple of years, I'm willing to bet that I'll be somewhere else. Maybe someplace warm? Probably not. My heart calls the east coast home. So... DC? NYC? hmmm... I'm going to get another cup of vanilla tea and think about that one.