         ... an anonymous email from one of those readers who has arrived at a number of conclusions about me today after reading my weblog for months... nearly every one of which is incorrect. I get one email like this about every 12-15 months. Those of you who write weblogs or some other form of public writing or speak or whatever must have experienced this before. It amazes me... and then I think "am I so incapable of expressing how I feel that I'm misleading everyone?" The next thing that occurs to me is that I should just stop writing. But that's dumb. I love doing this. I love the performance and the practice of writing... even though there are many days where I'm dissatisfied with the end result. The reader thinks I'm unhappy with every aspect of my life... but as those of you who are my friends or who read this know... it's not true. But I've remembered someone telling me that when people complain it's often more about their life and their problems then yours. In this case, yes. So... I'll go on writing and assume that those who don't like me or my writing will move on to other things.  Seriously though, For the past 5 years, I've used this weblog as a place to be more dark... because I'm generally perceived as Mr. Optimistic. One of my closest friends called me a little kid the other day as I was enthusing about one thing or another. I've discovered I have to have a space where I can be less positive and write in a darker manner. I've been trying to do this more and more in recent months because I think life and the questions it raises are more open-ended and uncertain than I'm usually willing to concede. I believe in happy endings because I've always had them in life. But as I get older I'm becoming aware that the world for many is not a happy place at all... and even for me it's a more complicated place than I naively imagined it to be.  However, now I'm free to admit. There is one aspect of my life about which I'm very unhappy: my neck. The stiffness of a few months ago has turned into chronic pain and a relatively small range of motion. This is probably caused by something stupid I've done in my workout. But working out also alleviates the pain and makes my neck more flexible. I think I'll try massage first and if I can't make that work... I might have to make my first trip to the chiropractor.  This morning, I mentioned that I was looking for some hints on Twin Cities entertainment, lifestyle,etc. I got a few suggestions and thanks for those. But I led several people to believe I'm moving. I'm not. I'm going to be in the Twins for two-- count them, two-- days next month. My fault... I wanted to know more about the neighborhoods and downtown living and that set some of you off in the wrong direction.  I'm playing dog-sitter for a few days... a beautiful 2 year old Rottweiler. I never had a dog when I was growing up. And when I was young, I was afraid of them because I didn't understand them. Over the years, I've grown to love them. And dammit... I'm going to get one and soon! :) Dave likes dogs but only if they're outside. We live downtown so outside isn't going to happen. Now Dave and I are both stubborn people. Oddly enough, I think it's why we're such great friends. So we have something of a stalemate going... we're not going to have a dog inside (Dave) but we're also not going to move (Todd). Something has to give. I assume it will be Dave. He assumes it will be me. I think we should compromise and get a houseboy instead!!