         I have a news bulletin to broadcast:  Weekends Are Too Short . I'm going to call CNN and beg them to dispatch Aaron Brown to sigh, stare wistfully into the distance, or weep openly about this tragic story. I want live reports on videophone from the coffee shop where I didn't get to hang out this weekend because I was too busy with other things. Oh yeah, and I also probably didn't manage my time well.  But having complained, I can now reveal that I had an array of fun activities to take up my time this weekend. There was a major conference on   Gay Shame  at the University of Michigan. I missed most of it because of other commitments. But my friend Matt and I caught a seminar on "The Shame of Gay History" on Saturday afternoon. The scholars questioned the assumption that all of gay life before Stonewall was about shame and repression... and that life after Stonewall has been an open expression of pride and progress toward gay acceptance. Nothing is ever that easy, and it was great to get perspectives from the likes of   George Chauncey and Deborah Gould .  Sunday was a great big gob of laziness... hours with the Sunday New York Times, brunch at the gay bar, hanging out with the roommate and ending the day with Six Feet Under. Dave and I also went to dinner with a lesbian friend of ours who has just started dating. She brought along her date who has the same first name as her's. Aside form the slight confusion, it was cool to see their slightly awkward but still genuine affection. Ah, young love.   Hey you Twin Cities readers ... how about some recommendations on cool things to do, places to live, coffee spots for hanging out... gyms to work out, attractions, etc. I'm going to be in the land of Ten Thousand Lakes for a few days next month.  The friend I referred to in my piece on Saturday wrote me an email yesterday, assuring me he still believes the war is entirely about oil. I didn't ask him if he still thinks I'm a warmonger. And I probably won't. He doesn't usually read my weblog... and maybe it's easier for him to think I'm pro-war than to actually think about the issues that many of us who don't like this war are trying to juggle.