         I've sat on this piece for 3 days... wondering whether I should publish or not. Publishing wins out... even though I decided not to finish the post.  We're a week into war now... and some of my friends are growing more testy with me whenever we talk about the war. I feel like I'm caught in the middle... between my pro-war and anti-war friends. Both groups expect loyalty to their ideas... both express patriotic and thoughtful arguments... and both seem to dislike anyone who won't choose a side.  The pro-war people are acting like they have the moral high ground. They deliver what has to be one of the longest-lasting and dumbest arguments I've heard: if you don't support the war, you're not a true American. When I hear a variation of that, I don't know whether to laugh at them or slap them upside the head.   But here's the thing: people on the left are doing the same damn thing. If you aren't willing to condemn all wars, past, present and future, if you aren't willing to weep for peace, lie down on the ground for peace, protest violently for peace-- now wait a minute, what the hell is that about?  One of my friends who is opposed to war of any kind repeatedly calls me a "warmonger" with a faint smirk. It leaves me wondering if he is trying to call me out for fun or if he really thinks I am one. In fact, it's my liberal friends who have become the most shrill and caustic about this. And that bothers me because I'm a liberal person. To me, being liberal is more about consuming information and recognizing complexity in the world than it is about grabbing any old hardline leftist position and holding on for dear life.  War has turned some of my friends into simpletons. These normally shrewd people suddenly lost it. And I know when it happened-- last Tuesday. At lunch last Tuesday, a particularly thoughtful friend blurted out how this war was all about oil. Dave and I looked at him. He didn't have any of the other symptoms of SARS. Where did the kindergarten-level analysis come from?  He said it in a burst of frustration and anger. And I can understand that. We've watched President Bush trash Kyoto and the War Crimes Tribunal and then turn around and try sledgehammer diplomacy to build a coalition for a war about which most countries are deeply ambivalent. No wonder we're all frustrated. But that doesn't give any of us liberals the excuse to spout a bunch of crap.  When you question someone spouting this rhetoric they look at you wide-eyed... you seem human. But if you don't follow the peaceniks down the yellow brick road, then you're not one of the "concerned" or enlightened ones. As far as I'm concerned, that's no better than the neanderthal right-wing mouthbreathers on Fox News: "Saddam evil must blow up."  Frankly, I find the Bush doctrine of pre-emption intriguing; first of all, it's an incredibly proactive stance-- an heir to the Monroe Doctrine, yes, but something the likes of which we've not seen before. I think it's breathtaking and audacious. I also think it's an incredibly dangerous position to take-- for a number of reasons. First of all, if you read history, there are plenty of precedents for breaking with the pack and going it alone. But never before has a democratic nation set out to pursue a strategy with such gusto. Doing it in the service of expanding democracy might be a laudable cause, but no pursuits are that pure. And democracy doesn't grow like grass; it's a really fussy orchid that grows with the right amount of food and water, or else dies.   The United Nations has often been a bloated, bureaucratic nightmare... a debating society where there was plenty of hot air and little of substance. But the fact remains that the UN has a reserve of legitimacy and President Bush's impatience with it, and his scorn for it, has inflicted damage on the institution. Now, I do believe that in the long-term, Saddam poses a more disturbing threat to the region than many realize-- less so to us than to the stability of the Mideast. But I also think that we pose a threat to the region's long-term stability... if we mess up the rebuilding of Iraq... or if we don't put enough pressure on Israel and the Palestinians to make peace.  I don't think I should go on any further. None of us likes war and all of us are probably upset about at least some aspects of war. And I didn't start this journal so that I could go on and on about war.