         My friend Rick sends this dispatch from India...   There really are cows, presumably sacred, wandering loose in Calcutta.  Lots of them.  I saw the first one on the lawn as I left the airport, and many more grazing in the median or nosing through trash along the road.  They were scattered on the vast grassy field across from the white marble Victoria Memorial Hall, where kids played cricket and behaved as though the cows were invisible.  The burgers on the room service menu at the Taj Bengal Hotel are chicken burgers.  (I also saw a few wandering horses and goats here and there, but have been unable to establish details of the relevant theology.)   I expected the airport to look like a tumbledown bus station and it did; I didn't expect it to be so empty.  The city may have 13 million people, but most of them probably don't fly.  After collecting my luggage and counting out 180 rupees for a "prepaid taxi," I walked out front and got the first one in line.  And what a line it was--dozens of identical yellow "Ambassador Classic" cars, made by Hindustan Motors, most of them ancient and badly used and jacked up unnaturally high off the ground as though raising their skirts for floods.  Many eager hands helped load the luggage for tips.  My offer of Malaysian coins earned me murderous glances.  When I got in the back seat, the roof was too low, and I had to slouch down for the duration.  The driver started up the diesel engine, not without some difficulty and finesse with the choke, and we lurched off toward the city trailing blue smoke and sounding like a vintage John Deere tractor.  Heat and dust blasted in through the open windows.   There's not much of a main road between the airport and the city to the south.  There is a sort of divided highway, but it's so choked with rickshaws and pedestrians and bicycles and careening taxis, and pretty narrow to begin with, that it looks more like the side streets it soon turns into.  "Short cut," the driver announced.  We bounced past sprawling slums of leaning shacks with woven wicker walls, teeming with people, spilling into the streets.  Behind them rose giant billboards with bright pictures of an unattainable life, mocking the residents below with empty promises of cell phones, video games, and solid investment portfolios.  The driver maneuvered the car mostly with his horn (sometimes known in Cairo as "the Egyptian brake pedal," I've just learned) and when we reached maximum cruising speed of about 35, I thought from the racket that the engine would fly apart.  Over a small bridge and further into the city, the slums were ramshackle brick and tile roofs patched with tarps, and more crowds were everywhere--women in colorful saris, bearded men, children of all ages, sacred cows--all standing around eating or talking or doing nothing, enjoying the (relative) cool of the approaching evening.  It could have passed for Managua in 1970, except for the cattle.  It's hot and crowded, it's dusty and smoggy, and much of it smells bad.  But no one who lives here seems to notice.   It is impossible to ride through Calcutta indifferently.  It's an assault on the senses--particularly the sense of sight.  There is just so much going on.  Drivers slalom through complex intersections using every tool at their command but the brake.  The constant near-collisions with buses and bicycles and ancient lumbering trolleys are breathtaking.  The driver squeezes up next to another car in an impossibly narrow lane, then honks and gestures for the other to get out of the way.  Neither gives up, and both push their cause beyond all reason, but if you wait long enough, one will be cut off by a line of standing traffic, or a bus stopped for no reason crosswise in the street.  Pedestrians stroll into five lanes of speeding vehicles with the aplomb of a matador executing a flawless veronica..  It's the only way to cross the street.  They have no choice, except to grow old and die on the side of the street where they were born.   Apart from the traffic, countless little frozen sidewalk scenes blur past.  People standing in shadowy doorways of little shops, talking.  A basket of eggs on display, suspended in a window.  A bearded old man sitting crosslegged and splashing water on himself from a bucket.  Young boys throwing a ball against a cement wall, mimicking the elaborate contortions of a professional cricket bowler.  Under a scrawny tree, a young man sitting in a chair, a towel snugged around his neck, getting a haircut from a barber whose shop is nothing more than a scrap of shade and a square meter of sidewalk.  The natives move slowly, with the practiced savvy of people who know how to get through the day in a torrid climate.   Early this afternoon I grabbed a taxi and headed for the Oberoi Grand Hotel across town.  As a cool oasis of elegance in a clamorous city, it is to Calcutta what Raffles is to Singapore.  At the white gates, guards screen out the wrong sort of people--that is, poor Indians.  The fare was 31 rupees and I gave the driver a 50 rupee bill, which he pocketed and waited for me to get out.  With the outrageous 66% tip, the entire cost soared to slightly more than a dollar.  I didn't begrudge him the windfall.  The Oberoi lobby is a gentlemen's refuge of marble floors and overstuffed sofas for hushed business conversations, and beveled glass doors surround tropical gardens and a pool.  There are dark paneled lounges and display cases of Indian artifacts, and several polished steps lead up to each set of elevators, giving them the grand appearance of the entry to the City of Oz.  I mean, really...they're just elevators.  But the place is possessed by colonial ghosts sipping gin and tonics after the cricket match, confident that the sun can never set on the British Empire.   Outside the gates it's a different story.  I walked out to the sidewalk and was swept down the block in a rip tide of shoppers and merchants.  A woman with a half-naked baby (but incongruously well dressed herself) battened on me like a tick on a hound dog, begging for a handout.  Knowing that one coin would spark a feeding frenzy--and not having any coins, actually--I launched myself through the crowd.  She remained effortlessly at my elbow, murmuring insistently.  Remembering the skill of the taxi driver, I cruised quickly ahead and brushed past a group of men standing on my right, thinking she'd have to shear off at the last moment.  Magically, she was still there, a still small voice in the turbulent crowd.  Did her feet ever touch the ground?  "Go, go,go," I said, and waved her away.  "Go, go, go," she echoed, and didn't miss a step.  I walked another two blocks before a doomed young American couple approached me, and as they walked past, the woman turned and locked onto them with her rapscallion's radar and vanished like a shade.  I turned around to confirm her departure and strolled into the waiting arms of a friendly merchant.  "Hello," he said with a gap-toothed smile.  "Are you German?  That is my store."  He indicated a streaked window where a few bolts of sun-bleached cloth and a lot of trinkets were on display.  "Emporium!" he added, like Mohamed al-Fayed at the gleaming front door of Harrods.  Mercifully, I was out of time.   Dominique Lapierre dubbed Calcutta 'The City of Joy,' while Rudyard Kipling called it 'The City of the Dreadful Night."  It probably depends which side of the Oberoi gate you're on.  Most of Calcutta is undeniably on the outside.  At superficial first glance, which unfortunately is all I have time for, it strikes me as a mass of people who have become very good at living in a fulminating anthill of a city.  Like the people crossing the street at great peril to life and limb, they have no choice.