         The latest from my globe-trotting friend, Rick--    En route from Seoul via Hong Kong to Kuala Lumpur.  I had almost forgotten how little they fancy air conditioning here, but I remembered right away when I walked into a wall of 96-degree heat at the jetway.  There are other differences too, especially the cacophony of the terminal and glitter of duty-free shops.  Seoul is far more formal and reserved in its haute extortionaire separation of traveler from wallet, and Hong Kong was very quiet, maybe gripped by fear of the super-pneumonia that's seeping out of South China.  I saw a couple of elderly men wearing surgical masks in the terminal, as people sometimes do back in Seoul because of air pollution only they can detect.  Maybe it's worse in the summer, when I haven't been there.  I couldn't fault the old Chinese gents for trying to protect themselves, until I started to wonder if they HAD the disease, and were trying to board my flight like a couple of stowaway monsters from "Alien."  But they disappeared, bound for some other flight or snatched by the flu police, so I forgot about them and turned to other annoyances.     Like my flight.  I had a bad feeling, or at least a bemused one, when I boarded in Seoul and was handed a new toothbrush (How long is this flight again??) and a hideously designed postcard warning of a ban on smuggling meat products in your luggage.  What about a floral necklace and a copy of the South China Post instead?  Then I settled into my seat, way back in 66D.  Royal Thai Airlines is a lovely carrier with pretty purple planes.  But it seems designed for the average Thai traveler; which is to say, Ken and Barbie.  Still, the two seats inboard from me were empty for now, and I squished myself in for the run down to Hong Kong.  Things seemed fine until more passengers arrived, including a group of maybe 15 swarthy men of indeterminate nationality who sat all around me and began to talk, loudly and incessantly, all at once.  I just couldn't put my finger on their origin, but it wasn't Asian--maybe Turkish?.  When they spoke to the flight crew it was in English, not Thai, but their own language among themselves was grating and unlovely, with a staccato cadence not unlike the sound of a handful of dried beans flung against the side of a resonant sheetmetal shed.  They all had big, basso-profundo voices, and they managed to keep talking even through lunch.  I was in a bad mood, I admit it, after several days of very tough meetings and facing another long day of travel.  In no time at all, I hated these guys.  I became convinced they were purposely aggravating me.  I couldn't concentrate on my book, and couldn't make my headphones work to drown them out.  (The controls are also made for tiny Thai fingers, and they are impossible to reach if you're not traveling with a handy seven-year-old.)  But given the present state of world affairs, this is not a good time to be a cranky American, or an ugly one.  I kept my irritation to myself.     To help me take my mind off the noise, a diminuitive Korean woman in front of me suddenly reclined her seat, thrusting the edge of my hardbound copy of "Holidays in Hell" into my sternum.  Tres ironic.  She reprised this trick several times in the next five hours, leaving me bruised and battered from an abusive relationship with P.J. O'Rourke...     They really loaded up the plane leaving Hong Kong, making a perfectly good Boeing 777 feel like a perambulator stuffed with writhing midgets.   The two seats beside me went to two mustachioed Eastern European men.  The air around them fairly shimmered with a reeking combination of cheap whiskey, vile Commie tobacco, and neglected hygiene.  They wedged themselves into the seats, clamped headphones over their bad haircuts and turned the music up to ear-bleed level.  Their presence for the rest of the flight was unremarkable, except when they occasionally shifted in their seats, releasing another little wave of eye-watering Eau de Grozny.  And at alternate times, I detected a tiny refreshing whiff of cleaner scent now and then, like old-fashioned Air Wick room deodorizer.  I thought a sympathetic crew might be fumigating the cabin atmosphere, but it was probably just the bathroom door opening.     Here at Gates 1-7, buses are lined up at glass doors just behind the counters; whether taking passengers to another lounge or right to the plane I cannot tell.  What's a little disturbing is that fact that I came through here just three months ago, and I have no memory of this Dulles-like system.  Maybe it was late at night and I was tired.  I can only conclude that it's not good for the brain for a person to roll through so many countries in such a short time--or that some airports just aren't worth remembering.  I was more at home at Incheon this time, and that's more important, because I didn't get taken to the cleaners a second time by the unscrupulous taxi drivers.  Still, I worry a little about this selective memory loss, since among people Our Age it could signal the beginning of a steep dive into senility.  In Korea, older people seem to reach a point in life where they begin strolling, slowly, hunched forward with their fingers locked together behind their backs, whenever they go out in public.  I don't know at what age that strikes the unsuspecting AARP bait, but--like the American phenomenon of Bermunda shorts with black dress socks and wingtips--I fear it could blindside me at any time.  I'm not ready.     It must be almost time to board the bus.  Besides, the beeeeeep of the metal detectors, detecting metal, is driving me nuts.  Every passenger must be packing a howitzer today.  But no!  A check around the darkened counter revealed that the gate had been changed.  For my convenience, the flight has also been delayed.  It's gonna be a late night at Kuala Lumpur International tonight.