         A nice day today... spent in many pursuits. First there was the talk Dave and I gave on the role of faith in the lives of gays and lesbians. It was at a   Presbyterian church  in Ann Arbor. About 100 people came to the talk and we spent most of the time answering questions-- quite thoughtful ones, too. It was a great time, and I was encouraged to see people of faith so wanting to engage this issue in a positive way.  Then it was a 2 hour brunch at the local   gay bar  with ministers from the church and other parishioners. My faith, lapsed as it is, is important to me... so I loved the engaging discussion about LGBT issues, ordination of women, and the many other topics that floated around the tables.  Dave and I drove to Flint afterward to see his 6 year old son and a few of the extended family. We watched the war, talked about it, read about it... and then came back home.  My favorite tv channel is changing names tomorrow. Discovery Civilization will become   Discovery Times Channel ... with some cool new shows and current events type stuff-- not to mention more David Frost interviews. It's a news junkie's dream-- or at least it is, potentially.  Speaking of TV, I've had about all I can take of TV coverage of the war. The networks are either giving us endless play-by-play with no thoughtful analysis (CNN, MSNBC) or serving up plates of sugary patriotism (FOX). Who is doing coverage well, in my opinion? Domestically, Peter Jennings at ABC News. He's smart, projects a sense of serenity and control at the anchor desk that's unmatched... and he's thoughtful enough to look for deeper answers than the superficial crap we're being offered elsewhere. For a few days, BBC America has been offering us   BBC World , which lacks the 65 camera positions to show us exploding buildings in Baghdad. But it has more correspondents than anyone else and its global heft as a news gathering organization is unrivalled. We can get   BBC  on the Internet, but it's a shame that we can't get total access to BBC World.   NPR News  is my network, but I think they deserve credit for a high quality of reporting and analysis, overall.  If you want to see how much CNN dumbs down its coverage for us... check out   CNN International . Many Americans get it on their CNNfn channel. You would be surprised at the level of reporting skill, nuance, the high degree of information and the lack of hype on the international version of CNN, compared to its American cousin. There's much more coverage of protests on CNN International, too.  Thank goodness for the   New York Times  and the   Washington Post .    Puck's  mix CD now occupies position 2 in   my new car's  6-CD changer.