           The New York Times reports  that Germans are breaking a long-held taboo and talking about their own suffering in the Second World War. The newspaper reports there have been an endless string of documentaries on German television about the Allied bombing campaigns of the war... and books about the bombing of Dresden and other related subjects.  In an interesting way, this remembrance of the horror of war is at least part of the reason behind the German opposition to war in Iraq.  For decades, Germans have been largely prevented from talking about their own suffering during World War Two. Let's consider a few facts: the allies dumped 80 million bombs on Germany during the war. In the firebombing of Dresden on February 13, 1945... about 35,000 people died. On March 12, 1945, the American Eighth Air Force attacked Swinemunde. The city was packed with refugees fleeing the Soviets. The American attack resulted in the loss of 23,000 lives.  Right wing Germans have talked about their suffering for a long time. The difference now is that leftist writers are also writing about it. One writer has used words like "death by gassing" and "crematoria" to describe the effects of the firebombing on civilians-- words that would normally be reserved for the Holocaust.  I think this story is sadly illustrative of the complexity of history and the destructive nature of war.  I don't think any of us will consider massacres along the lines of the incidents I just described on the same level as genocide. The systematic destruction of the Jews in German concentration camps was and remains truly horrifying. Historical evidence has shown that Hitler carried out his plan to annihilate the Jews in an environment where thousands, maybe millions of Germans, were aware of it. Those same histories show us that ordinary people did little or nothing to stop it. It's for this reason that the culpability for the deaths of six million Jews in the Holocaust is shared by Hitler and the German people. This is true.  There's another thing that many historians tell us. Those bombing campaigns in Germany were part of a clear military strategy to demoralize the German people na dmake it possible for Allied troops to enter the country with minimal resistance. I can also accept this as true.  But history is a web of complexity-- complexity within complexity. So neither of those facts fully accounts for what happened.   Are the thousands of poor, starving women and children-- who suffered endlessly because of Hitler and the war he started, who never knew about Hitler's Holocaust, is their extermination in the "crematoria" of the fires of Dresden justified? Decades later, can the German people be allowed to recognize this suffering without being accused of anti-semitism?  Yes they can, but within limits. In the NY Times article, one survivor of the Dresden firebombing said that while he thinks the wholesale destruction of his city by the Allies was a criminal act, he's worried that Germans "will be swept into a mood of victimization." Such a mood would give ultra-right-wing forces in Germany the freedom to spread their atavistic, anti-semitic rhetoric more forcefully.  What will happen in Iraq? Will thousands of civilians... women, children... who suffered under Saddam's reign of terror be killed in the Allied attack? Will this produce a sense  of victimization and the seeds of a new hatred of America after the war? Will it lead to a far worse and more devastating encounter years from now?  We can reduce the level of civilian destruction but we cannot eliminate it. Innocent people die in war... and that's why war remains a complex and disturbing moral issue.