         My friend Rick works for a global technology company... and travels the world on business. I include his dispatches here because they're great. And since he's on another globe-hopping venture for the next month... you'll be seeing one of these dispatches every few days.    South Korea is wired, like no other country on earth.  And wireless.  People use their cell phones to put their restaurant tab on a credit card.  Most elevators have video screens, usually in high definition TV.  MBC-TV had the country's leading soap opera showing in its elevators.  In my hotel it's Bloomberg.  In the elevator lobby, a comely young woman in a half-ton embroidered gown is presumably well-paid just to smile at everyone who boards.  In the expansive lobby of a Korean trade association, a big-screen TV was showing--of all things--Judge Judy.  It was an unusual nod to Western pop culture in a country that doesn't much care for most of it.  I'd like to think it was a mistake.     Talk about technology--I was told by a government official that a big multi-lane bridge across the broad Han River is mechanically raised during the rainy season to keep from being flooded.  Why not just build it higher in the first place?  I didn't get a chance to ask.     South Korea is living in the shadow of The Bomb.  The brinksmanship with North Korea is far more front-page than Iraq, and the people I've met think Bush is failing to handle the former, while pursuing the latter with inexplicable fanaticism.  Their clear and present danger is just up the road in Pyongyang, not in some faraway third-rate desert domain.  They're worried.     It is a country where extreme political positions co-exist.  Strident left- and right-wing organzations wield power that ebbs and flows with voter sentiment.  Right now the liberals are in favor with the new government, which has a long memory and many little ways of settling the score with conservatives who opposed its rise to power.  There is strong sentiment both for and against the big US military presence that's been here for half a century.  Those of a certain age who remember the American role in rescuing the country want to keep it.  Younger ones are impatient to get the soldiers out.  The expanse of open space in front of City Hall offers ample room for either side to turn out several hundred thousand orderly demonstrators, and they do it with some regularity.     There's lots more open space inside the cavernous soccer stadium left over from last year's World Cup frenzy.  A few tourists wander through to admire the manicured field and glassed private boxes while the South Korean team's fight song plays over and over on a very good sound system.  What do you do with a 60-thousand seat stadium, just slightly used?  They still play some games there, but the madness is probably over.     Koreans overheat their offices and probably their homes, as is so often done in the Midwest.  My host at one meeting today got up and opened the window when he noticed the sweat streaming down my brow.  It was an oven in there.  Maybe those freestanding heating contraptions get out of control, but they are apparently used to it here.     Today was White Day.  In Korea, Valentine's Day has evolved into a day when women give men a gift.  A month later, on March 14, the men are obliged to reciprocate, and today they could be seen scrambling everywhere with bags of candy in hand.  Cynics claim the day was invented as a way for confectioners to dump their leftover Valentine's candy.  Japanese confectioners at that.  The Japanese are often reviled or envied, or both, by Koreans.     Korea, like much of the world, is badly in need of spring.  The gray branches in the woods are drained of any trace of color, all dry leaves and dead twigs without even a hint of green to be seen anywhere.  It feels as dead as things can get and still come back to life.  But the trees in the hotel sculpture garden look like they were built for blossoms.  White Day has put a spring in certain steps.  It won't be long before Seoul blooms again.