         With the prospect of war growing over the past several days, I've been trying to come to a few concrete reasons why I support this war. Because I do... at least to a certain extent. And I think there are many of us peaceful people, principled liberals, who feel uncomfortable with what might be about to happen... and yet willing to allow that there are some good reasons for it.  It's odd though, because even as I type those words, I feel a pang in my stomach. I think more than anything, I'm pissed off at President Bush for making such a mess of this conflict.  He has said that Iraq is funding Al Qaeda. I don't think this is true and I don't think we've seen hard evidence of this. The President has also said that Iraq poses a direct threat to America. I don't think this is true either.   But maybe there are still some reasons for this endeavor. In my opinion, we should have finished the job we started in 1991 by driving straight to Baghdad and unseating Saddam. The near chaos that came afterward, the massacres in southern Iraq, were in part our fault. We left Saddam's opposition hanging in our haste to get out. This bad decision continues to haunt us. And maybe there's something to be said for going in and taking care of old business.  I think there's no question that a stable and dare we say democratic Iraq could have a stabilizing effect on the region. But having said that, we have to be prepared to spend the years and the billions of dollars it will take to rebuild Iraq... not just its infrastructure but the political and social infrastructure of the country. This is a cost that we should share with Europe-- a different and more permanent kind of Coalition of the Willing. Much has already been said about the President's dislike of nation-building but that is precisely what we have to do to ensure that overthrowing Saddam doesn't lead to another Saddam.  For me, the most compelling (and still problematic) argument for regime change is the potential to create a stable Iraq, which might encourage more democratic change in Iran... and the potential for peace in the Mideast. I believe this is America's responsibility. We don't need to be the global policeman or promote a new kind of imperialism. But our best export remains democracy and I don't have a problem with America being more proactive in promoting democracy.  Having said all this, there's still something that gnaws at me about this. And for that reason and others, I hope that if there is a war, it's brief and decisive.