Nat-Thank goodness for air-conditioning, no matter the humidity level. I've always heard the come-back to the "dry heat" comment is "Yes, but the oven is dry heat too, and I wouldn't want to live there"  Leslie-Still no photo? I'm getting depressed, maybe he just said that to throw us off for a while, until the ankle moniters arrive. :-P Maybe mine will arrive before Labor day....  The best news today...I heard back from him on the floppy hat question, "What happened to your desert floppy?" His reply....  "saving the hat. might give it some tv museum, if they care...or maybe auction it off.  it was an impulse buy before i left new york, but turned out to be the most practical item in my kit!  have a great weekend,  rick."  Cool, huh.  I'm not going to email him at least for a while, because I don't want to freak him out.  I think it's because his replys are so casual that it makes it easy to want to keep asking him stuff, besides I'm very curious (nosy??) If he would end the email with "leave me alone you freaky fan" I'd know where he stands.  I can't decide if he enjoys the questions, or is just too nice to let on that he thinks I need a life.  Melissa-Another serious question, "How did it feel to have your well-being in the hands of kids whose main ambition 2 years ago was to drive?" I mean that in all sincerity, I work beside teens and young adults and while there are some that act mature, there are some that I can't possibly imagine carrying assault weapons and actually listening to directions. I'm not sure I would feel all that comfortable knowing my life was in the hands of kids, some of whom I've been driving longer than they've been alive!  Have a good Saturday all, I work today, but will check in tonight when I get home. Melissa, this is my favorite place to hang out, you did an awesome thing for all of us!  Oh yeah, re: the email...does the journalism major not know where the shift key is to capitalize?? :-P  He must not have had as strict a typing teacher as I did.