Leslie-I vote for you to stay too, I think we are reaching beyond just Rick anymore (but he still owns my loyalty), and I kinda like Shep, it would be a sad day when we stopped talking about him too.  But... you rubbing it in "I get to see my guy twice a day, five days a week" could get you a suspension.  I like the fact he thinks clowns are creepy, because I think gay guys would stick up for them. :-P  Natalie-I think you definitely need to tell someone about the gun threat, these days you can never tell.  It is at the very least highly unethical for a Dr. to talk to ANYONE like that.  They take that oath, "First do no harm", I think a threat is harmful.  Hang in there. Go on that raft trip, I lived in Colorado, in the Sangre de Cristo mountains for about a year (Alamosa) but never got around to rafting or skiing, talk about being "that close" to something.  I also lived in CA for eight years, San Jose, Watsonville and Menlo Park.  I am practically a military brat, except my dad worked for K-mart ;-) I'm a K-mart brat.  Teri-I hope "the girlfriend" isn't reading our blogs or SHE would swear out the restraining order. And I hope to God that the mom is not letting the kids read this, or their friends at school, that would be awful!  Melissa-Glad to hear the new Pixar/Disney movie is good, I love those too. I just loved Toy Story. They put out a video of 'shorts', have you seen those? They are not much longer than 10 minutes, but the imagination and talent required to create them just blows my mind. My ideal job would be working as a cartoonist for a company like that, too bad I can't draw.  We have been dodging yet more tornados tonight, and we are still in a watch, several houses have been hit already. It's getting old. I'm lucky they keep missing Peoria, but the surrounding areas are taking repeated beatings.  Today has been long for me anyway, it's my day of two jobs. I did the caffeine thing again tonight, but I needed all the energy for work, we were busy. I'll bet Nat knows about the HIPAA thing (privacy act for patients) but silly me, I thought it was all supposed to be private already! We have, like, four different trash cans for papers with pt. names, without pt. names, plastic bags with pt. names, plastic bags without pt. names...it's too confusing.  OK, I'm tired of hearing about the heat, try 95 and 90% humidity and then we'll talk. :-)  It will get that hot here sometime this summer and it doesn't even cool off at night, no fog here just a lot of cranky people.