Teri!  I'm excited & jealous! *grins & then pouts*....I replied to his reply & didn't hear anything back....but maybe I need to start fresh!  Actually I was thinking of writing a new one when I got the picture (which did *not* come in the mail today, but there's always tomorrow....) My post office is uncannily behind on a regular basis it seems, so I can't blame Rick! :D  OK Teri, I want to know your emailing secrets! :D  Maybe I should have waited to email him today instead of on Sunday or Monday (I forget now when I last sent).  What a cutie!!  And I think you're right- a secretary wouldn't write that.    I think I have gremlins in my computer.....I just typed something, and God only knows what key I hit, but it erased the whole paragraph.....Ok. Melissa- I know, huh- I keep getting a vision of Rick sitting back in his chair with "that grin" on his face (or would that be a smirk?), resting his chin between his thumb and first finger just soooo bemused by what we write!  Kinda makes me giddy just thinking about it......lol!  I was also wondering if Rick was short for Richard....I'm not sure.  He looks more like a Rick than a Richard or Rich.  Nah.  Definitely gotta be a Rick or Ricky, as Shep calls him.  It is kinda funny though, isn't it?    Sherry- it *is* hard to know what to say- for me, I feel like I gush like a schoolgirl, so I have to edit, edit, & edit some more.  It is really cool that he's answered now to 4 of our emails (2 of Teri's, Melissa's & mine)- that only encourages me to write more, but....what?  What I told him in my original email basically was commending him on the job he did in Iraq, how much we (the viewers in the US) appreciated his hard work.  More lightheartedly, I mentioned a *very good* New Mexico style Mexican food place in Manhattan called Los Dos Molinos.  There's one in AZ that my dad & stepmom go to religiously- like 2 times a week- since about 1992.  They could own stock.  It's owned/operated by one family and they wanted to branch out to NY in 1999 or 2000.  In fact, they helped feed the volunteers, firefighters, & police after 9/11.  They have such awesome food (and the best margaritas)- it's always a *MUST* when I go home to AZ.  I told Rick that he & Shep should go there sometime (obviously to the one in Manhattan).  I wrote back and said "Thank you so much for your quick reply!  It brought a smile to my face that stayed there even in the toughest moments at work on Friday. I will be watching my mail!  Please keep up the great work and always know that it is appreciated- thank you for going the extra distance to bring us reports from a human viewpoint. Be sure to try Los Dos Molinos in Manhattan- grab Shep and try it out (if you haven't already)!"   I thanked him again and that was it.  I was kinda hoping he'd say something back, but not counting on it.  Teri gives me new hope! Yay!  I figured that maybe he wants to give everyone a chance at an answer so maybe he only replies once- guess not! :D    Ellen- thanks for sharing the essay- what a powerful statement.  It's so precise and when we really think about it, it's very true.