I love you girls! I could be having the worst day and come here an always be cracking up by the end of the night!  Leslie, LMAO "satin rules" ahhhh just love that these kids are going to actually grow up and become adults one day. I don't think Shep looks like a catfish either, I just couldn't say anything to the guy that said it 'cause you know I'd never hear the end of it. I Love the shark reference, that's a nice manly creature to be compared too. =) I can't remember who (maybe you?) said that Bret Baier reminds them of a Koala. LOL I think of that evertime I see him now, but I think Koala's are cuddly and adorable looking. Let's see what animal does Rick remind me of...hmmmm I dunno  Teri, I'm 5'3 too so any man above 5'6 is tall to me. LOL Rick seems "just right" but I  would  think that wouldn't I?  Natlie, I read somewhere that a gal got their signed photo in the mail today so I assume yours will be there soon. Do you have a scanner? I could post the photo on the site. What is your hubby gonna do when he finds that picture? Or are you just gonna keep it at work or something? LOL   You gals gotta help me think of a cool domain name for my Rick site. I don't want to do something as simple as www.rick-leventhal.com I'm thinking I want something creative like -- well I dunno what but something fun/funny and easy to remember that pertains to him. Maybe something like www.floppy-hat.com or www.thefloppyhat.com or www.latenightlevy.com LOL feel free to pitch in ideas. Though I don't want it to be like www.levengals.com 'cause I want guys to feel it's ok to join the fanlisting as well LOL.  I sent Shep a Bmail today talking about WMD's and pleading with him to have Rick on his show. I was like "Us girls KNOW you're friends. You need to pull some strings, we need to see more of him! Especially when he's on with you."  I will continue to nag TPTB until they have him doing more stories. Hey maybe Rick is taking time off to write his book heh heh, OH and maybe he'll include one of those photo inserts in the middle of the book with him and Christian. Hey, a girl can dream can't she?? Rick should sell that hat on ebay, he'd make a fortune. LOL I'd buy it and devote an entire website to it. LOL just kidding. Speaking of Ebay for fun I searched it using "leventhal" and came up with: "  Albert R Leventhal-Pictoral Book on WAR-1973 " kinda odd huh?