Hey gals, been a really long day for me.  My boss didn't say what happened to that girl, maybe I'll ask tomm.  I had a bit of road rage as I sat in traffic for 45 minutes going 3 MILES!  I had an appointment to go to and I was going crazy.  Ok, I got that bit of frustration out of my system.  We are having this contest at work that I decided I needed to join, and somehow got roped into being the team captain, so my workload has increased because I now have to babysit.  The contest is called Waist Away (we could really use you Jen) we have a team of six people and we have to weigh in once a week at the nurses station.  At the end of 8 weeks, the team who has lost the most cumulative (sp?) weight wins a prize.  I am now the cheerleader, motivator, and score keeper of my 5 other co workers.  I felt that since there is a competition involved, I might get off my butt and do something!....I wonder if I could include this on my resume..hmmm  Nat   I am sorry to hear that you did not get your picture, maybe you have a "special" one coming!  I forgot to mention that I live about 2 miles from the main post office of the entire city, so maybe mine got here quicker because of that....keep your chin up buckaroo, yours is on the way! BTW  I replied to Rick with my address on or around 6-2, so if that puts things in perspective.. At least you have the jeans vision to keep you company...I missed it.  Funny about the comment on Hurricane Bill, I was thinking Bill O'Reilly too...he is a hurricane LOL  Leslie  My mouth was watering reading your dinner menu!  I love seafood, I could eat it all the time...I once dated a guy who worked at a seafood shop and he would bring home (and cook) a fresh seafood dinner for us everynight, it was amazing!  I think you may be on to something with asking Rick to send pictures of other Fox reporters!  If nothing else he might mention it to them to send photos out to those who e-mail them, since he does!   Your hubby sounds amazing *sigh* if we could all be so lucky....Congrats on your anniversary!  Jan   Glad you got your pic today, that tie!  Only Rick could pull off that tie, I don't know many men that could LOL.  At least we know he doesn't mass produce the messages on the photos, he varies it a little.  I also find it cute that he actually addresses his own envelops, it just makes it that much more special!  Melissa  I couldn't quite put my finger on it, but I finally figured out what was bothering me about Mike Tobin, he looks just like my OBGYN.....except my Doc is cuter! Ok now I'm blushing...I like the idea of keeping the girls here together, even though I am new, I kinda like it here!  I don't like the idea of reading something on here and getting pi**ed off because people are being mean, or rude to anyone.  I just hope you don't put too much time and work into all of this....you need to come out and play too! BTW kudos on the drawing..I went to an Art school and I can't draw a lick (stick figures are my specialty), let us know how the coloring went!   Sherry  Glad to hear you last day at work was a good one!  It must have been hard to say goodbye to so many people, I've left jobs and cried leaving some of the people (never cried about saying bye bye to the job though..hmm), and I have never worked for a company that long....best of luck in school, it is a whole different kind of stress...I work full time and go to school part time (I like to alternate my stresses LOL) what are you taking in school?   BTW where in PA did you go camping?  I grew up in PA and my family is spread throughout the state, I grew up in a town where city people went to vacation (listen to me, "city people" what is that all about? I must be tired)  I'm glad to hear that it was a good trip.  I am fading slowly and getting goofy (I am actually singing Twist and Shout as I am watching Ferris Buellers Day Off) so I must get myself in bed and try to beat the cat to the pillow!  Later