1. Do you remember your first best friend? Who was it? My first best friend was Patty Harman; we met in first grade (1974) at Orangedale Elem. in Phoenix, AZ.   Even when I moved to Mesa (about 10-15 miles away), we kept in touch.  We called each other and in the summers we would spend a week at each others' house.    2. Are you still in touch with this person? Regrettably not.  I tried to, but it was one of those where I called her but she never called me.  I don't know what happened- it just seems that after HS when we graduated and I had a serious BF which then came fiance, she was just nonexistant.  I made her my maid of honor and yet she decided to go to the Fiesta Bowl rather than hang out with me and another friend the day before the wedding.    3. Do you have a current close friend? Not really- I had another 'best friend' that I met in band in 1984.  We stayed close friends even when she moved from AZ to CA (San Francisco).  We wrote lengthy letters and called at least 2x/mo - if not more.  She always had ways of making me laugh; she was a great story teller- she always knew how to vividly explain something that happened.  Unfortunately, things were shaky after I moved to SF (no pun intended).  She highly encouraged me to make other friends 'cause she wouldn't always be around to do stuff- it was like she was pushing me away.  Fall of 1995 through summer of 1996 we were doing a lot of stuff and then we kinda drifted some because both of us had boyfriends that were getting serious.  I called her in November 1996 and she sounded really upset/angry- and even though she didn't say why or at whom, I wondered if it was at me.  I called again later on & she was fine.  Then the months went by- I should call....I should call....I didn't call till April 1998, and the call seemed strained in a way.  Oh, it was friendly, but it was like so much had changed.  I found out that she'd married (the boyfriend) in January 1998.  I haven't talked to her since then, but found the site she and her husband set up for sharing their kids' pix.  I found a number that I'm sure is hers, but I hesitate calling.  I suppose it's fear- it's just been too long.  But I *really* *really* miss her terribly.     4. How did you become friends with this person? We met in marching band- she played sax & I played clarinet.  She was sitting in the bleachers and another girl I was with and I were talking about how cute so-and-so was & were being stupid and tearing our styrofoam cups in to little pieces to throw down at him (don't ask).  Well Tiff joined in- she liked the guy's friend.  We got to talking & found that we had the same interests.  She just really seemed like a great person- funny, energetic, talented- she came up with *the* best doodlings I've ever seen.     5. Is there a friend from your past that you wish you were still in contact with? Why? Yes- Tiffany- the same friend as described above.  I really miss our talks, and how she used to do the MotherPeace Tarot card thing, her originality with everything from how she dressed (yeah, I guess I always tried to emulate her) to the way she designed her apartment.  She was everything that I sometimes wanted to be- independent, not a pack rat- she really was an inspiration to me.  I miss her.