OK- this is weird- at home I have the split blog.  Not sure why it's this way at home and the other way at work.  This one's easier to do at work since it's not so obvious.  OK- 4 trips to the PO today & *nada*.  I'm *really really really* hoping for tomorrow......I think I'm the last one here to get mine *cries* ;*(   I guess my being able to see him in jeans last night was my consolation prize- LOL!  I'm soooo bummed.  I really hope it's there tomorrow, otherwise it's gonna be up to me to email him a *third* time for it (or Sherry can ask for me when she requests hers- lol!).....I don't know if I can do that.  *WAILS* Prolly doesn't help that my PO tends to be slower than molasses too.  Come to think of it, I've got a couple of packages that haven't shown up yet that should have...grrrr....  Jan- YAY JAN!  You got it!!  That's *got* to be a good sign for me!  At least he varied on what he said!  Didn't ya just love Leslie's images too?  Those were too good!  I was afraid someone at work was going to ask me why I was smiling so big- LOL!   I *do* like the name LevenGals too......even though we have a lot of fancies here.    I thought that it would be a total repeat of Rick on last night- it started off about the same that I remember until I see him walking on the grass and then I was like "holy cow, this *isn't* the same!"  Good thing I had insomnia, otherwise I would've surely missed it.  Gals, that's about the one thing that's kept me going today!  At least I got more done- but I still have a lot to go.    Jayel- you have me very curious!  I'm wondering if we're on the same page with our suspicions.....there was something really strange that happened on another message board thing (it was a Tori Amos related site, but it seemed to run very much like us- every now & then- particularly when a new album or tour was happening they'd post about Tori, otherwise just about whatever else was going on.  I've always read more than I posted there & they tended to be waaaay too liberal for me, so it kinda turned me off.  Anyway, this guy started a flame war and the weird thing is, that either he or one of his friends was sending posts in as someone else.  It was really creepy, cause it was a different email address & I *think* IP, but it was from his house- I dunno- it was weird.  They ended up banishing him from the list.  You know, at the B & N here they have these little mini kit things (there's slinky, magnetic sculpture, take out, bansai, etc.)- they have a voodoo one....hmmm..... ;-)    Jen- Wow, I just *can't* imagine getting to only have that.....1 1/2 tsp of mac n'cheese???  You poor girl!!  I'll bet that stuff gives you odd dreams- LOL!  Just be careful- I've heard how addicting those kinds of meds can be.  I'm sure you'll prolly need 'em for at least the first week or two though.  You take care!  Just remember that you're getting better, not worse- it may be slow, but it's always going to be improving no matter how slow it seems to go.    Melissa- Yeah- Tobin doesn't do much for me.  I'm so picky that even if I admit that the other guys *are* good looking, that the only two that *really* get my attention at the moment are Rick & Todd.  LOL   I use IE at work- but I'm not sure what version I'm on there.  Your sketch looks great!!  WHEN I *finally* get my Rick pic, I'll scan it and send it to you as well.  Maybe we could have a space for our signed stuff?  I have some other things to scan, so I'll do them all at once.  I also need to get that thing hooked up through the USB of my computer instead of the serial port- the latter is MUCH slower than the former from what I understand.  I have *no* earthly idea why I did it that way.    Denise- congrats on being the Maid of Honor!  That old saying "always a bridesmaid & never the bride" has always been "always the bride & never the bridesmaid" for me- LOL    Sherry- congrats on the last day- that must've been sooooo liberating!  I dream about that feeling- it would be so great to do that, but eventually the reality of less money would slap me in the face.  I'm so happy for you!  What happened with the girl sleeping under her desk on Saturday?  Did you get to find out before you left?  LOL- Yeah, I figured for sure that I was on a roll with seeing Rick late last night, Todd early this morning- it should just follow that the pic would arrive- but I think this week's just going to be *a lot* better than last week.  I'm actually ready for June to be over- it's been a rough one.  Here's a thought- can you imagine if there was a hurricane Rick?  Todd? Shepard? Greg? Adam?  this year or next- LOL!  Hurricane Bill makes me think that someone really PO'd Bill O'Reilly so he's coming at them.....  I think tomorow when I go to the PO, I'm going to yell through my box, "HEY!! ANYONE BACK THERE?!?!?! GIVE ME MY PICTURE!" LOL  I'm goofy but really bummed- what a strange combo!  Something funny about the mail.....it took a week for my sister's birthday card to get to her (from San Francisco to San Diego- I could've walked it there faster).  So- who knows.  I'm really hoping for tomorrow- at *least* before the 4th- I don't want to go through another long weekend of suspense again (my first response from him was the Friday before Memorial Day).  Hey did you see my city on Fox Report tonight?  That's always weird to see it on Fox- it's like, Hey, that's here!  LOL  Apparently CA is 40 Bil in the red.  Gee- wonder why?  (Ok- starting to get cynical- sorry!)  The bad thing is that Kevin works for the City & County of San Francisco, which I'm sure is closely tied to the state budget.  I don't think his job's in jeopardy, but they're already making cut backs other ways.    OK- since Rick's been slow on his sending his pic- I need you gals' help.  I *know* I should know what to say to request a signed Todd pic, but......I have *no idea what* to say.  Any suggestions???? I'd totally ROFLMAO if Todd sent one in a fraction of the time as Rick....(Rick, if you ever read this- sorry, but I have the patience of a 3 year old.  *NONE*- LOL!)