The Janis Joplin version of "Little Girl Blue":  Sit there, count your fingers. What else, what else is there to do ? Oh and I know how you feel, I know you feel that you’re through. Oh sit there, count, Count your little fingers, My unhappy oh little girl, little girl blue   Sit there, count those raindrops Feel ’em falling down, oh honey all around you. Honey don’t you know it’s time, I feel it’s time, Somebody told you ‘cause you got to know That all you ever gonna have to count on Or gonna wanna lean on It’s gonna feel just like those raindrops do When they’re falling down, honey, all around you. Oh, I know you’re unhappy.   Sit there, go on, go on And count your fingers. I don’t know what else, what else Honey have you got to do. And I know how you feel, And I know you ain’t got no reason to go on And I know you feel that you must be through. Oh honey, go on and sit right back down, I want you to count, count your fingers, My unhappy, my unlucky And my little girl blue. I know you’re unhappy, Honey I know, Baby I know just how you feel.  I guess I'm feeling a little blue today- I talked to my mom this morning and she's going to visit my sister again in San Diego....2nd time this year.  She hasn't come up to see us since January 02, didn't come up to see my cum laude graduation from SFSU last year.....I know that she has to watch her money (my parents are divorced, so it's just her income) but the cost of her going to SDO is about the same as coming up here right now.  I know she wants to check in on my sister to make sure she's getting back on her feet again (she went through some money problems- I don't know of anything else; no one really tells me much and she  certainly doesn't tell me much.  **SIGH** I guess she thinks I'm just doing hunky dory.  Yes and no.  This job has done a number on me a few times, and I dunno..... I guess old feelings die hard.  I've always felt that Amanda's always gotten the babied treatment (she is the younger of the two of us- there's only the two of us).  In my opinion, it's always been about Amanda.  I love my sister to death, but......God I thought this kind of crap went away when you grow up. There was an old Carol Burnett skit where she & her sister are going through the attic or something and they argue about who gets what - I think her sister was taking all the 'good stuff' or something like that.  I've always been left with this negative feeling that that's how it's going to be with me & my sister years from now.  And I saw this skit like 20 to 25 *years* ago and thought this.  She already takes stuff or asks for stuff of my mom's- pictures & such- without anyone considering my feelings or gee, that *I* may have an interest in it too.  I don't think I'm really depressed, I just have this really strong feeling of being on my own (I know, I *do* have Kevin) but just that distance from family, which is sad, scary, and yet somewhat empowering- hard to describe.  I guess like the song above - that your fingers are the only thing you can count in away- you can only really rely on yourself- you can try to rely on others, but it's up to you in the end.  I suppose the empowering feeling is similar to people/kids that run away from home with an "I can make it, I can do *anything* and I don't need you" kind of attitude.  It's short lived- I always go back.  I love going home to visit, but there's aways that tug of war with my feelings about how/what my sister does.  I think she's still growing up (she's 28 now) and still has to learn about consideration for other's feelings, I dunno.  I have no way to reason this out.  All I know is that it hurts when my mom goes there more often than coming up here, and with my dad & stepmom, it's kinda the same.  They came up during a "rod run" (car thing), but we went to Napa to see them, which is about 50 miles from here.  The last time they've been by here would've had to been in 2001? I think.  They were here in January 02, and also came to my graduation from SFSU.  It's with my mom that I really feel it.  There may have been times in the past when she was concerned about me when I was still married to Chris, and maybe that's why she came up more often (once/year) but I don't know.  My sister was also living in the same state as her then too (AZ), only a couple of hours away.  Now that both my sister & I are in CA, it seems more of a tug of war.  I could be completely wrong on this whole idea, I don't know.  Maybe I'm looking at it in a monocular way- one sided.  Maybe I don't see the times where she's put a lot of attention toward me- but really notice when she's done that with my sister.  I think though, that this is part of why I have such strong expectations of myself (and therefor of others too).  I've worked hard to get where I am, and if my sister wanted to be doing better financially too, she could be.  I know I've been bad with credit cards and have learned my lesson, but then I can account for a lot of what I bought and indeed still have a lot of that stuff.  I think a lot of her money goes to partying and who knows what else.  Maybe I'm being hard on her, but I have the same opinion of my stepson too- he seems to be in the same track, but has gotten better (despite the fact that his cell phone has been shut off again due to not paying the bill *again*).  I don't know.....I do feel better getting this out here.  It is a constant struggle and I'm sure I've got a hole in my tongue for all the times I bite it to not say, "well, when are you going to come back up here again?"  I wait awhile and then casually bring it up.  "Oh, I don't know" is always the answer.  I think it's time to start some of these short stories so I can work it all out of my system.  One note about story writing- sometimes it's awesome and an amazing amount of fun to live vicariously thorugh the characters.....