Denise, how exciting, it makes me think he DID clean his desk. Mine hasn't arrived yet, but you gave me a renewed  hope for Monday, I think maybe Natalie and I are the only ones looking forward to Monday....I'll keep ya'll posted...I just hope our pics were in THAT batch Natalie....(BTW, I read another message board, and they were saying 'Do any of them write anything other than "thanks for watching"'.....I kinda thought that was funny....Oh, did he capitalize?????  Jen, I never realized how many food commercials there are until I read your post....sorry for that. Just think of that sandwich and chicken as the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow....you will have totally earned that! I have a friend who had that surgery who now eats pretty much what she wants, she just has to weigh it out first.   Got out of the basement about an hour ago, we had a storm (again!) and this time the sirens went off, that's kind of unusual for the city, the country always gets it, but it usually passes us. Keep a look out Denise, I think it headed that way......  Speaking of good books with journalists...I read a series about three or four years ago about WWII, the lead characters were, an American journalist and a Jewish musician, it is a very good series, one that I kept all the books because I intend to read it again. I may do that and insert certain images for the leads (as per the conversation a while back).....:-) I love reading historical fiction, I tend to learn things without even realizing it, and that's the best way to learn.......Anyway the series is "The Zion Covenant" with the first book "Vienna Prelude" by Bodie Thoene. They are Christian books, but they're not preachy.  I've never seen "Monk" but it looks really good, I like "The Dead Zone" on USA, I never really like Anthony Michael Hall in the 80's (he always played such geeky guys), but I love him in this...(also, the sheriff, Walt, is hot!)  I'm reading while stupid (RWS), I read the post about the lady sleeping under her desk and the boss got pissed, and I thought the lady pissed under her desk.....'note to self----read slower next time'  LOL  When ya'll get your creative minds together to collaborate a 'chik-lit', let me know....I'll edit it for ya........   Ok, I was watching CNN a while ago (I know, kill me now) and I saw a commercial for a DVD or Video of "The Road to Baghdad and I thought *dripping sarcasm* What a wonderful idea, who'd have ever thought of that? It's too bad there isn't a competing news channel that has hotter guys and better story telling ability to put their own DVD or Video out there. Then again, who would ever buy such a thing, even though it's only $9.95 for the video and $14.95 for the DVD.    DUH