Here's today's horoscope: "Everything seems to be at cross purposes and calculated to defeat your wishes this morning. But things are looking up by noon. Keep the evening open for entertaining congenial people and for the enjoyment of mixing with stimulating personalities and mentalities. Should more stress than usual be prevalent at this time in a personal relationship of importance to you, try not to take things too seriously. Your fortunate astrological number for today is 726. Your financial outlook for today is very good. Your compatible sign for today is Capricorn."  "Everything seems to be at cross purposes and calculated to defeat your wishes this morning. But things are looking up by noon."  God, I hope so. This matches my mood today.  I'm stick sick with this cold that didn't allow me to sleep much, and I was already in tears yesterday.....truly wanted to run away from it all.  I'm just so tired, and just wish things would run a little smoother than they are; it's just wearing me down.  Everything feels like a struggle, and I just feel like being by myself and cannot do that.  Just give me an empty place, my cd's and a few kleenexes and I'll be fine.  (Kind of like Holly Hunter's character in Broadcast News).  "Should more stress than usual be prevalent at this time in a personal relationship of importance to you, try not to take things too seriously."- As for this, well, I can think of more than one situation- work and otherwise.  I'm very good at taking things too seriously and am easily hurt when I'm ultra vulnerable as I seem to feel right now.  Another reason to run off with my CDs and Kleenex.  It doesn't help that 9/11 is right around the corner and here they are talking of more threats- by poison or airlines again.  I just feel emotionally raw right now (hey....that might make a good book ttitle).  I feel like I could break down any moment.  I don't feel incredibly depressed- I would never entertain the thought of doing anything "drastic".  What I love in my life I love too much; in fact whenever it is my time to go, I will stubbornly let go as I'm sure I will have things left unfinished as much then as I do now.  I will never be ready.  Sometimes I just want to run away though and hide from those things that hurt.  **sigh**  I'm so tired and my sinuses hurt like hell...... God give me patience today.