I GOT MY PICTURE!!!!  Just decided to check the mailbox dreading to see what bills I got and there was a manilla envelop hand addressed from Fox News, he even personalized it!  The postmark is 6-26 so if you ladies don't get yours today, it is on its way!    Hope everyone is having a good weekend so far(mine just got better!).  The weather here is absolutely beautiful, sunny day, a few dreamy clouds, and most important not too humid.  I did have to work today though.  I showed up and no one was there, I thought I had missed something, but some people started filtering in late, then my bos came in 2 hours later he has been on vacation all week and apparently it was his turn to be a Sat manager (they all rotate).  Well, he walks up to me and asks me to walk with him, we went to the other end of the building where he pointed to someone's desk and she was curled up sleeping underneath her desk!  He was pissed, and wanted me to see it so that when he goes to the Dir on Mon I could vouch for him since he and the manager of that girl's team don't get along.  I bet nothing happens to her, I on the other hand would be fired.  I don't think there is a section about napping on the job in the employee handbook, but still.....  Melissa   The photo of Rick IS great, but I can't help think a pic from you would be so much cooler....and you could have a couple of assistants to help!   I have thought of carrying a notebook, in fact I have a small one, but it takes up room and I always think "oh well.. I'll remember it"  yeah right...when am I ever going to learn my lesson?  I can completely relate to the perfect picture, I have a video camera, because I like to make short real life movies,  there is nothing better to watch, than everyday life unrehearsed.  But I don't always have my video camera with me and it gets frustrating to see a perfect opportunity, that no matter how much I tried could never duplicate.  Speaking of movies, I watched The Hours last night, it is a total chick flick (so ladies if you watch it, you may want to watch it without the hubbies, unless you have one of thosse sensitive ones!)  I cried, it was really good....I know Nicole Kidman won an Academy award for it but I could not find her, until I figured out she played Virginia Woolf...Wow she was really made to look different, no wonder she won an Oscar, she was a completely different person!  Nat  I am so sorry about your friend.  I know the feeling, it tugs at you for awhile.  Everytime I dream that someone is pregnant, someone either I know or someone close me knows dies.  It is a bit startling how our subconsciences could on some level know this stuff.  But you needn't feel any remorse, you didn't do anything wrong.  Jan had a really good idea about the collaborating stuff....I  one of my writing classes, we had to write a page of a story and hand to another person and they wrote a page, it turns out really interesting...of course I had to sit next to the Star Trek guy (no offense to Star Trek, it is just not my thing) so my story was about a haunted house, love story, with aliens and spaceships.....a little odd...anyway I could only imagine how all of our stories would come out LOL!  Gotta run for now...my sister is visiting from VA and she just got in.  Later!