Hey!  I like this muuuuuch better!! :-D  Jen!! You're writing!  You sound like you're doing good- I'm glad you're on your way to recovery! :-D  I couldn't imagine eating only what you listed- wow.  I'm so glad to see you posting so soon after!   Denise- Unfortunately as bad yesterday was, today was worse.  I'm having Merlot now, though and I'm home, so I'm better- LOL  You sound like me - frustrated to tears- literally.  I usually go out for a walk to the post office- still looking for that Rick pic.  I really could have used it today.  This is starting to remind me of waiting for that phone call from the cute boy in high school (a little wry humor attempt there).  I'll keep ya updated on the book progression!  I did a short screenplay in my first creative writing class- it felt weird, but it was fun.  We explored three genres- poetry, short story, & screenplays.  It's so strange in a way to look back at my old stuff- sometimes it's like where did *that* come from and other times, it's like *wow* I wrote that!  I have  a hard time sometimes with endings- I always like things clear in the ends- no guessing.  At the same time, it doesn't leave anything for the imagination to ponder.  Oh yeah, I've thought of things and thought, "oh, I'll remember later- I'll write it down then"- 9 times out of 10 I forget and I could just slap myself silly.  This time I wrote it down ;-)  Usually it's when I'm at work, sometimes at night from a dream.  Girl, I know what you mean about taking days off- last year we had flex days- I had every other Weds. off and each & everytime, I would check into the webmail (work email access from home) and reply- pretty sad!  I would do that occasionally when I was sick too.  In boxes are heinous- I often want to take a match to mine- LOL!  Hey, I keep offering to bring the marshmallows for the bonfire, but no one's taken me up on the offer as of yet..... I think you're right about it being prevalent in most companies- that's also why I choose to stay- at least I'm used to what goes on where I am now, and I'm almost 1/2 vested in the 401k.  It's just too hard starting over again too & learning new stuff.    Oh yeah- and remember the girl that I was kinda mad (well, ok - REALLY mad) at yesterday?  She was nice to me today and apologized.  I feel kinda guilty 'cause I think she's in sort of the same position I am - just very overwhelmed and really having to start saying 'no' to people.  But still, I don't know.  I hate being caught in the middle.  It's funny that you mention the humor factor on Fox- my hubby was just saying tonight how he thought that's the reason why they're doing so great.  Dennis Miller was great on H & C- I was ROFLMAO!  God knows I needed some humor today.    I second Melissa's choice of books- you have great taste, girl!    There was just this one account that's a huge problem - it's not even mine, and I was stuck having to rate it with the actual premium for 2002 & the estimates for 2003.  Our system is a pain and there's this lovely CIGA charge that California now requires that we collect on 2003 premium....it was just a mess.  I worked on the same acct. all day long and I kept having people come up to me with rushes (7-1 is a real nightmare in our business anyway- there's so many med students finishing residency & they're applying at hospitals so they need everything fast so they can be credentialed).  I really don't want to be a bitch to people, but it's getting hard there. I think the main problem is that I'm too much of a "yes" person.  I need to say no and put my foot down more.  To make matters worse, right when I was breaking down again (i.e., crying) for the 2nd time about this mess of an account, my hubby calls & said that he found out a good friend of ours (one of his co-workers from cable cars- he actually introduced us in a way) had died and the funeral mass was this morning, and he only found out this afternoon.  It was a huge blow, and it was just so awful, 'cause we kept saying that we should get in touch with him (he retired in 98 or so) and didn't.  The last time I saw him, he'd given me a hug and as I walked away, I had the oddest feeling that it would be the last time I'd see him.  I haven't ever shaken that feeling, and it really should have been enough motivation for us to keep in touch with him....I feel so guilty and just blah.   Denise & Jan- your VCR/TV stories are great!  I remember that for a short while we had this rectangular box that had numbers & a slide tab that you moved to change the channel- it had a long cord so you could take it to the couch.  I think it went up to 40 or something- MTV used to be 33.  (I have *NO* idea how I remembered that......this is like 20 years ago- LMAO- talk about a strange selective memory- full of useless information! LOL).   OK- now I have an unsettled feeling- so the three of us are waiting for pics now.....and we all emailed about a month ago.  Well, I guess we know three of the ones buried there!  Denise- I'm going to have to include you when I ask Jan about whether the pic arrived or not.  I sent mine on May 22 I think, and then the follow up email on June 18th....which was almost a week & a half ago.  I second your nomination to have Melissa take his picture!