Hello ladies!  I have been so busy the last few days (some play, some work)  Just got to see Greg, I had just turned on the tv too, lucky me!  Anyone else notice Shep takes a lot of Fridays off?  He gets to start his weekends early.....what a schedule...of course he probably works a lot of hours everyday that he is there (much more than we see on tv).  I noticed Pres Bush is hosting a luncheon in SF and there are several protestors outside, I can't help think about how thick of a skin someone must have to be in politics, it would hurt my feelings that so many people so blatantly hated me.  They didn't have any protestors at Hilary's book signing but then again I did hear that Howard Stern had a much bigger line so...   Nat    Hope your work day is better today!  It must have been a bad day for work yesterday, I got to work and I had a nasty message from a broker claiming that we srewed up his client's contract, I know I did it correctly, but all signs pointed to me messing it up, even though 2 others could vouch for me, I was so frustrated my eyes started to tear up and I had to leave for awhile.  It was better today.    Sign me up for a copy of your book, girl!   I am a writer as well, but I am working on a screenplay, although I can't seem to get it just right to feel that it is completed.  I have a degree in music/video/business and took a lot of writing classes and found it very enjoying.  I know what you mean about the most unexpected and little things can inspire you, my problem is it usually happens in the middle of the night and I forget by the time I wake up.  That ever happen to you?  I hate leaving things on when I leave the house too.  I sometimes have a moment of panic when I think did I turn off the curling iron?  I didn't bump the stove and turn it on did I? what if the fan falls out of the window and my kitties get hurt?  then I forget about it and everything is fine when I get home.  Melissa   glad to hear that you heard from Jen.  I bet she is bored there without her Greg fix!  Any new books to report?  You could be our book review LOL!  Kind of like Oprah's book of the month club, we'll read what you say is good!  Sherry   I'm glad you are having great weather,  we have also had at least 5 days now with no rain here in the Midwest  (it sprinkled last night but nothing bad)  but the humidity is killing me, I am such a baby, I need AC!  I can totally relate to the job thing.  I see over and over again how some people get away with murder and the supervisors know it but nothing ever happens to them.  I miss a day, and I feel so guilty, that I didn't enjoy my day off and the pile that is on my desk *yuck*  I think this is happening all over, I've worked for different companies and it is the same game with different players and there is not a darn thing I can do about it!  It gets frustrating, makes me want to open my own business!  Have fun camping!  I hope the weather is beautiful for you!  Jan  That is funny about the VCR, your dad sounds like mine.   My brothers, siter and I WERE the remote control, my dad used to call us from the next room to come in and change the channel,  I for one am happy for that great invention (although now I have too many)  If you are the next to "remind" Rick about the photos, I have one sitting there too...I e-mailed him my address over a month ago, but no pic.  Maybe he has to get more made, or he didn't like the old one and wanted another picture taken **Melissa, you're on!** I'm just trying to justify the lack of photos in our mailboxes!  Jayel  It was really cool to hear that Fox is beating CNN!  After reading that post I flipped on CNN last night since Fox had a repeat of the O'Reilly Factor on and I was so bored, they were so stiff and stone like....nothing like Fox where they seem so comfortable and actually seem to LIKE their jobs, Cavuto, O'Reilly, Shep, even Brit Hume all make make jokes while on the air, no wonder I didn't watch the news much before I found Fox, it was boring!