Melissa- I'm *so* glad you heard from Jen & that she's doing fine.  I'd just go *crazy* if I was in the hopital and didn't have Fox to watch- what a bummer.  I just hope he sent the pic before he went on vacation (assuming he's on vacation).....I will keep ya'll posted on how the novel's coming.  I'm going to work on it this weekend- I'm still fired up about it, so that's a great sign!  I'll send excerpts at some point & you can give me your take.  It truly is amazing how one seemingly minute thing can inspire something huge.  I think I like the other blogger better- it was easier to send a post while I'm at work- this one is just too obvious- LOL    Happy hour was a lot of fun last night- I laughed like I haven't laughed in ages- where tears were coming out of my eyes, stomach hurt, & I couldn't breathe!  It was *such* a release- a badly needed one at that!  I just had a glass of Merlot & then left at 6:00; so, alas, I missed Todd on Fox Report.  I think they tend to replay his reports on the weekend though, depending on what they are.  I'll keep my eyes peeled tonight for him on FR (as I *should* get home in time to see at least half of it (I hope!) and then this weekend- apparently *he's* back from vacation.  It sounds like I missed a *really* funny FR yesterday- sounds like Shep was in his element!  It's supposed to be hot again today- I swear, the coolest I was yesterday was in the bus on the way home.  It's 70-80 where I work- they claim they're having problems with the AC, it was 95 in SF yesterday & Kevin said when he went home that it was 100+ outside & 100 inside the boat.  Maggie was fine- he said she was laying in the sun sometimes- crazy girl.  I left the fans on today (hopefully it was a wise decision- I hate leaving things on like that when I leave).  I think it was 85-90 again inside when we were going to sleep at 11:00.  Another day or so and the fog should be coming in (aka natural AC).    Sherry- yeah, I'm sure we can commiserate with each other about job stuff- sounds like you have some of the same bad actors we have here.  We have people who are 'repeat offenders' for going out on 'stress' leave- I feel for them, however what they don't realize is that someone has to pick up their slack and gee, that kinda stresses us out too.  So in that way I lose a lot of sympathy towards them.  I could have easily gone out a few times but chose not to- I just don't feel right about doing that to other people- but that's just me.  It is really a shame that it's come down to that in offices where you can't let someone go because of their performance- even when they're lying- because everything is so PC now.  It seems that the people who call in sick a lot don't get reprimanded, but then I knew someone who hardly even abused it and she got a lower review.  I couldn't believe that when she told me- we both knew of others who really abused time off.  So, yeah- I know *exactly* what you mean- I think it's prolly (unfortunately) common business practice today.  I'm really glad you're getting to leave your job & going back to school- it will be a really nice break.  I just have to make it 5.5 more years here- then Kevin will be retiring (early)- I'll be 100% vested in my 401k & as well as for the pension they offer.  That's the only thing keeping me here.  Have fun camping this weekend!! Hope you have *excellent* weather!!  OK- gotta get to work and do this thing that the other chick "didn't have time to do" - oh yeah- BTW....she didn't have time to help me out on this, but she had time to show up for happy hour last night- even if she only stayed like 45 minutes.  Oh well!  OK- let's keep our fingers crossed for a pic in the mail!  (*How many times* have I said/ended with that- LMAO) Have a great FRIDAY everyone!! :-D