Ok- before I reply, I have to vent a little- I'm even more inspired now to write that book after today.  I *know* things will get better here at work, but there are a couple of folks who are just really pushing my buttons this week.  I've had it with people who basically say "I don't care" and then complain about the outcome.  I've had it with people who play the pity role all the time ("I'm just too overloaded with other emergency problems today....I do not have time to work on this today and frankly tomorrow either....I know that's not what you're hoping to hear but I just frankly have too many emergency things to do and too many meetings to be in....I certainly want to offer you my help but honestly I will be in this weekend as usual working"....yadda yadda yadda).  It's the same thing all the time from this person and I'm just tired of being left hanging (and it's not only me that she does this to).  It's just so irritating and I don't have patgience for her spoiled child-like attitude.  OK- 'nuff said- *venting over*    Jayel- Gosh, I hope he's not on vacation this week- I still have *yet* to get that picture......I had a lot of mail today, but not from FOX....argh.  You started watching Fox for the same reason I did- it was actually my hubby who got me on to it- betcha he wishes he hadn't now! LOL! I didn't take notice of the guys on there before either till the war started.  I guess I'm the other not so sharp knife in the drawer ;-)  Great news about Fox toppling CNN- Fox & Friends likes to take shots at them too- there was something a couple of months ago where they said "that other news network that starts with a "C" and ends in two "N"s" LMAO!  I think we nicknamed CNN as the Communist News Network (although I'm sure that was coined by someone else before us).  Rather appropriate considering the comment that you said that a CNN embed made about the Marines.  Shame on him!    Well, we're sweating out the heatwave in the Bay Area.  It's 95 here in SF which is way above normal- I feel like I'm back in AZ again.  It's 100 at home (San Rafael)- yuck.  I hope my kitty's OK!  My hubby went home early today (snuck out) and I'm staying for happy hour but just for an hour since my last bus out of town leaves at 6:15.  Hopefully I can find my way to the stop LOL- just kidding- I'm just having a glass of merlot.  Leslie- I'll be sure to toast to you! ;-) I prolly won't post again till tomorrow AM.    Jan- any luck with the mail today?  You may want to start that email....LOL!