All this talk reminds me of a country song by one of my favorite singers Collin Raye called "Not That Different"--'I laugh, I love, I hope, I try, I hurt, I need, I fear, I cry, and I know you do the same things too, so we're really not that different, me and you.' OK, I'm singing it now, but it really is a great song. Good thing this blog doesn't have audio...It's something I try to remember when I'm talking with people I'm not really fond of....Plus, Collin is a pretty hot guy... :-)  Denise, that does make a person feel old, remember when we used to HAVE to watch the commercials or walk all the way across the room to change the channel? I actually bought the family's first VCR (I'm thinking 84?), my dad said "This is going to be just another thing you use for 2 weeks and then it will collect dust forever", I still throw that at him from time to time....I sounds like you enjoyed your concert, that's always a good thing after spending the money, I don't go to too many concerts, mostly because it's either a trip to St. Louis or Chicago, all the good ones don't have any interest in Peoria...but I've seen Phil Collins a few times...  Our storm last night took care of the excessive humidity for a while, now today it is sunny and warm with a breeze.  Last night the storm hit so fast, I didn't even realize it. The wind was nuts, up to 60mph they are saying today. It blew some siding off a neighbor's house and snapped power lines all over. I swear it was the closest thing to a hurricane we're bound to experience this far north.  PU-no such luck....how long do we give him this time???? I was thinking if he did do anything with it on that Wed? Thurs?, he probably sent it through the mail room and it is up to them to get it out, maybe another week??? Let me know, I guess I'm the next logical one to remind him....:-)  Melissa--217 pages a day is awesome. My sister is up to page 600 and she thinks she has it figured out, I'll have to tell her that you thought you had it figured out too, but were surprised, she trys to predict too...  Natalie-You go girl, get that idea all fleshed out and start writing...of course, I'd like my book signed by the author....Could that 'stranger' be a hot Jewish reporter? (minus a girlfriend).....  Jayel-I've noticed how Shep 'badgers' Jane Skinner too, I imagine it's like an older brother thing (I don't have one), Shep has mentioned before how all the Fox people really like each other, and it really does seem to show... I've also seen how CNN is using a lot of their war footage, it makes me think Fox should get more mileage out of their 'much better' reporters.   Well, I'm off to a community play tonight, spending some quality time with my mom, I think my dad is opting out, but I'm not really sure. I'll check back later....