Sherry, I'm sorry about the blog. But that should be fixed here soon since I FINALLY got my debit card in the mail and will be buying and setting up a new site very soon and we won't have to use blogger anymore. :)   Nat - isn't that very similar to the horoscope you had yesterday? Hopefully it's right :)  My brother and I used to have those old tv's with only 13 channels and you had to turn the knobs. And I'll never forget when we first got a computer. heh heh, and all the programs had to be loaded in DOS with a REAL floppy disc. And I remember too when AT&T used to have commercials "for the future" with video phones and I would think "That's never gonna happen!" and I remember when AOL used to charge by the hour. And cell phones used to be as big as cordless phones. And let's not forget Super Mario 3 when you could FINALLY go backwards in a game. :) Ahhhh the memories.   Denise - sounds like you had a pretty good time at your concert! I was supposed to go to the Warped Tour concert yesterday, but with my friend being pissed at me we didn't go. Oh well, there were only a couple bands I wanted to see anyway.  I did the math this morning, and with the H.P. book being 870 pages and me reading it in 4 days (not counting the 1 page I read Friday night LOL), then I read an average of 217.5 pages a day. Not too bad especially when 3 of those days I was home and had nothing else to do But now I'm reading book #1. I only read 1/2 of it the first time then skipped to the second book since I had already seen the first movie. I have a feeling I may have missed some important details. And I have this horrible habit of trying to figure out a book and/or movie before it ends, and I LOVE it when I'm right. LOL It's really funny because when I read it I picture Ron, Hermione, Dumbledore, and basically everyone else the way the look in the movie, except Harry. I picture Harry like they draw him on the books. It's Very strange really.  Well luch is almost over and I'm gonna check my e-mail and read some. Talk to y'all later. :)