Hey girls!  I know it is late but I am still on my music high from Pearl Jam, they are simply AMAZING live.  I was a bit disappointed with my seats, but hey what can you do right?  Speaking of ages, I got an e-mail at work today that made me feel old,(I'm 29, not quite sure I want to be 30 yet)  the e-mail was published  yearly by a university (I forgot which one), but it is meant to give the proffs a little perspective on the freshman that are starting.  Here are some examples, this year's freshman have only known Jay Leno as the host of the Tonight Show, they have likely never seen a tv with only 13 channels, have always had a remote control and cable, they were born the year that the walkman was introduced, the terms "I've fallen and can't get up" and "where's the beef" have no meaning to them, they have always had VCRs, they have no idea what a beta tape is, never touched an Atari so they have likely never played Pac Man or Pong, they don't know who JR is so they don't care who shot him, and the funniest one to me is that Micahel Jackson has always been white!  Well all I can say is they don't know what they have missed!  Sherry  You are in for one heck of a show, although there was a little spewing.  At first Eddie came out and dedicated the song Evacuation to the all the soldiers in the Middle East that SHOULD be coming home.  Ok I can deal with that, I thought that was the end, and all was good, but he began singing "there is no love in DC, there is no love in Washington, but there is love here and we need to use it as weapons of mass construction"  I could have done without the little play on words, but overall it was a fantastic show.  Oh....I almost forgot, there was a guy that sat in front of us that was wearing a plain white t-shirt, and his buddy was writing the number and name of the songs in permanant marker as they came up, all over the shirt, I thought it was a really cool idea  and remember where you park because my brother and I lost the car! we wandered around arguing about who should have looked at the marker.  Let me know how your show goes.  Jan  I can relate to always being behind.  I set my alarm 1 1/2 hours ahead so I won't be late, but I find myself hitting snooze until the last possible moment and I usually have 15 minutes to get ready.  My family and friends always tell me to be somewhere 1/2 hour earlier than I need to be because I am always late and that would make me on time....I also don't find cleaning therapudic, I got the vacuum out of the closet last week, it is still sitting here,  did I tell you that I procrastinate too???  oh well things like that make us who we are right?  a  I can't believe I missed Greg again, in my rush to get to my concert on time, I neglected to set the vcr...Darn I haven't seen him since Sun  how was it?   Melissa  You're timing must be great, to have finished the book at that moment!  I know what you mean about reading so fast, sometimes it feels like there is just too much information swimming around in my head and I get dizzy (It could be that I am blond too LOL)   I'm glad you're feeling better though.  Has Rick been abducted by aliens?  Where is that boy....I would think they could at least send him away from NYC to cover a bigger story, and get Geraldo away from the camera! (sorry if any of you are Geraldo fans, I just trust Rick's reports better and he is much more attractive and more amusing to watch)  Nat  Duran Duran back together?  Really?  Nick Rhodes rocks, even though he wears more makeup than I do!  I'll have to check out those websites.  Leslie  About your comment about women being on the same cycles because of being close, it made me think how cool it is that women of all different ages, backgrounds, and areas in the country can get together for one common interest (our Fox Boys) and we all end up having so much more in common, and are a lot alike.  Isn't America grand?  Sorry this is so long I needed to get rid of some energy, and I think I am finally tired, I hope everyone's dreams are good!