Hey girls. Guess I can't really relate to the 80's scene. In the late 80's when I was old enough to remember songs, my mother shelterd me with country music since she hated all that 80's pop. Oh well, I don't mind some of the 80's songs, but I'm more of an 90's gal since that was my jr. high and highschool time. =)  I got to the end of the book today, page 870. I read this morning on the way in to work, I read for about 1/2 an hour before I had to work, I read at lunch, and later in the afternoon when we were really slow. Then I read more on the way home, and read in the car while my mom stopped at the gocery store to pick up a couple things, and by the time we got to the driveway of our house I had exactly one page left. =) It was very bittersweet indeed.  I don't hardly ever read that fast, but I did it with the last HP book too, they just get so intense close to the end. J.K. definately knows how to build up the climax (which is usually closer to the end of the book rather than the middle) and she knows how to let ya down nice and easy. There were a LOT of questions answered in the book, and I'm happy for that. Any theory I had going in my head of what was going on in the story has been destroyed, so it's back to the drawing boards with my predictions. I really shouldn't read that much in such a short amount of time. It kind of puts me in this weird zone. I'm feeling paticularly sour today. It doesn't help that my best freind is mad at me because I can't afford to go a road trip we were supposed to go on over 4th July. But it's hard to go on a road trip when you're car has broke down, and you need to save for a new car by the middle of August. *ho-hum*  :(  I hope Jen is feeling ok, I'm sure she's fine. She's a real trooper. If one thing scares me, it'd have to be hospitals. I always get anxious in hospitals. Not to mention there's always that odd smell in a hospital.  Ok, I'm gonna go for the night, I'm not being very cheeful at the moment. Maybe a little Rick sighting will be just the ticket tomorrow. :)