Sherry- LOL- I know *sob* you'd think I'd recognize his voice by now....I heard the report and was kinda down the hall when I heard him say "Todd Connor" and by the time I got back he was gone- so I heard 'im but didn't see 'im.  Better luck next time!  LOL- you thought the same thing I did, girl.....I was like, OK, Todd, Greg....where's Rick???  It's funny what I forget....I forgot that Rick Springfield was on GH.  I remember him being all the rage when I was in HS (I think? maybe JHS).  I think a lot of people thought a lot of those guys were gay- Duran Duran, Depeche Mode, etc.  I remember how some seem shocked when Nick Rhodes got married- they were like, "married? to a girl???" LOL  Tainted Love- wow- remember the remix of that which added the "Where Did Our Love Go"?  Hey, remember that Flock of Seagulls song called "I Ran"? My dad used to parody it by saying "And I raaaan, I ran across the streeeet, I had to go baaaack 'cause I forgot my feeeet"- used to *always* crack me up with that.    OK- Poll question- did anyone here like that song "Walking on Sunshine"?  If so, don't worry, we won't beat you up over it. ;-)  I'm just curious- I've never known anyone who *did* like it.....  BTW- I was soooo busy this afternoon at work that I didn't get another chance to check the PO Box.....so I'll give you a PU tomorrow.  (I had nada this morning when I went, so they may have not gotten to our box yet.)  Whew, it's warm here.  It's 85 outside, 80 in and we don't have a cooler or AC (unless you call the fog that, which should be in in 3 days time- rule of thumb).  I just hope it cools off by bedtime- it's hard to go to sleep when it's hot.  Time to break out the fans.    Leslie- Mock-aritas- love it!  I'll be right over- but gimme a "Marga-real-arita" too- LOL   I think I'd really have to be craving that burger to puree it....LOL  Well, unfortunately I ran out of time to go back to the PO, so we'll find out tomorrow. LOL- I'm going to hunt down that Doonesbury comic strip for you- it's a good one. I've heard (and believe) the simultaneous cycle thing too- a few of us that sat close & interracted a lot at work were really close- we used to check in- "did you get yours yet? I forget when mine should be coming" (for those of us-me- who have funky 4-5 week cycles......LOL- I dunno- all of us having PMS at the same time could be scary! ;-D  I had too many favorite 80's songs- my 'theme' song was "Wouldn't It Be Good"- Nik Kershaw.  My nickname in HS was "Nik"- had it even on my marching band shirt- LOL.  I *loved* U2- Bono was really good looking in the mid 80's.....loved that "Sunday Bloody Sunday" video they did at Red Rocks.  NO Dan Rather in a Speedo, and CERTAINLY NOT Peter Jennings in a thong- ewwww gross! ;-p  Sounds like you succumbed (sp?) to the pool hype with the girls!  Either that or the sun went down enough to not burn them more.    Nan- Always remember and repeat after me: *age is all in the mind; you're only as old as you think you are*- I'm 27 ;-) (No, not really, but I feel abou that).  You have the right idea! :-D - age is all in the heart- it's really about perception I think.  The classic rock that you mention tend to really be the good old days for me- there's something warm & fuzzy about the 70's & 70's music for me- I think I was prolly happiest growing up then.  I had a lot of good times in the early 80's in HS, but I felt more awkward then and there were more pressures (although not as much as I have now- lol).  There's just something about hearing the Eagles & Jackson Browne that really reminds me of home & makes me homesick for those days.  80's music is fun to listen to- usually puts me in a good mood, 70's is wistful but also puts me in a relaxed mood.  I go to early 90's alternative when I'm feeling angst and there's also a certain feel of freedom (I guess 'cause I was going through a lot then) with that too.  Music is a *HUGE* part of my life.