Wow, so much to say... Read the postings this morning in tears, from laughter, from emotion, Jen you are truly the little sister I always wanted and never got (stupid vasectomy).  I can't wait to see your new skinny ass.  As for the baby food, been there done that.  I broke my jaw in high school and had it wired shut for 8 weeks.  Nothing but protein shakes and baby food until one fateful day when a Quarter Pounder with Cheese met a blender on puree. The most disgusting thing you've ever seen, but it smelled and tasted wonderful.  ROTFLMAO - "One day you'll even get to eat salad."  Where's the T-bone?  Nat - I have often considered myself to be a superhero type of person, maybe that's why I gravitate towards that kind of heroine. Love your horoscope! If that picture doesn't come today, I'd hunt down the person responsible for your horoscope and give them a piece of your mind - as long as it fits into your schedule.  I used to schedule my days like that PK (pre kids) now everything has to be scheduled almost down to the minute. Not easy for a right-brained free thinker. Zonker Harris and TanMaster Hamilton are some of my favorite comic moments.  Actually pale minty green would highlight the green in my eyes and my red hair.  Melissa - hope you're feeling better.  I know what you're going through. At the risk of getting too personal, have you ever heard the theory that women who live or work together end up with simultaneous cycles?  Funny thing, I started this weekend about 5 days early.  It will be interesting if we all end up with PMS at the same time.  More musical confessions - Anybody else try to convince themselves that George Michael was NOT gay?  Loved his music, especially Freedom. Great song, great video.  Favorite 80s song - Tainted Love by Soft Cell.  "I've got this burning, burning yearning feeling inside me..." Don't they have antibiotics for that now? All during the war I was singing "Rock the Casbah" by The Clash. I really could not name a single singer or group that has released music since 1990.  Please do not try to drag me into the musical 21st century.  Jan - As long as I don't have to do Mr. Smith's body cavity search, I don't do things like that until at least the third or fourth date.  Where was Mr. Hannity yesterday? Ollie sat in for him with Colmes last night.  Everybody's bailing on Shep. Don't like Dan Rather in a Speedo? How about Peter Jennings in a thong? Chris Matthews in a G-string? I could go on....I graduated in 85 too. Don't feel all alone in your middle age.  I hate that promo pic of Shep.  It looks like they took it while he was talking - mid word or something.  The girls got too much sun yesterday and are red as beets. Kept them home from school this morning and have already had three fights about going outside to swim. NOT GOING TO HAPPEN. Lilo and Stitch is over, so better find something else to take their minds off the pool. Ya'll have a good one.