Okay back.  Rita and I just went to have a cigarette.  It is fucking freezing outside.  My nuts and her tits were the size of peas due to the extreme lack of warmth in our bodies.  And Rita's eye blister looks like it might be going down.  Phew.  No one likes eye blisters.  And no one likes bleeding gums either, but it looks like that is how the rest of my life is supposed to be lived.  I definitely should get a good acting/modeling gig with a bloody smile.  Hey...if a fat, mostly balding, speech-impetiment simple Simon can get one...so should I be able to. Kelly is meeting Rita and I for lunch today.  It will be fun for the three of us to meet up and have a quick bite.  Catch up on the last couple of days.  Her aunt just gave her 50 bones, so we might get to eat somewhere nicer than Burger King.  Although I am totally partial to Burger King.  Yem.   Cleo, this woman I work with, is just a nightmare.  She has a cat for a husband, attention-deficit disorder, and a body that breaks all legal limits.  I don't really understand it.  Yesterday, she came up to me and we had the following conversation: Cleo: "So Joe, I am taking this new medication and it is making me have a fever and cotton mouth." Joe:  "Oh.  What kind of medication is it?" Cleo:  "(Says something totally unitelligible)" Joe:  "Oh.  What does that medicine do for you exactly." Cleo:  "Well you see Joe, it dries out my face.  It makes all of the oil that my face produces go away forever.  It is a process that goes on for 6 months.  Then at the end of the process, my face will be free of acne and totally dry." Joe:  (holding back the laughter that is rising to my mouth) "But Cleo, your face is beat red and looks like it has scales of dry flakes on it." Cleo:  "That's a GOOD thing." Joe:  (PISSING MYSELF WITH LAUGHTER AT THIS POINT) "But Cleo, what if in ten years you want to have some natural oils on your face.  Then it will be impossible." Cleo:  "Oh stop it Joe.  No one wants natural oils on their face."  (walks away with purpose) I immediately died laughing.  DIED LAUGHING.  Is she kidding?  Is she crazy?  Why would you take any medicine that a) gave you a fever  b) gave you a fever and scaly skin and c) gave you a fever and scaly skin and ALSO depleted all natural oils from your face for the rest of your life!  REST OF YOUR LIFE!  Lordy.   Funniest part about this entry...Cleo stood here, talking to me over my desk while I typed it.  What a fuck.