Monday morning.  Yuck.  Hate Mondays, almost as much as I love Fridays.  Cept this Monday ain't so bad cuz I have a half day tomorrow at work.  And this weekend was just about damn amazing.  I am exhausted now from it, but it was well worth it.  I also spent much more money than I should have, but I didn't go out Saturday so that saved me some bones.   Friday night, Kelly, Rita and I went to Henrietta's on the Hudson.  It is this lesbian bar that we have never been to.  The place was JAMMIN.  The people were so friendly and there were some hot chicks dancing around.  Kelly gave her number to a girl, after much coaxing.  (She tends to be a little shy when it comes to these type things)  The girl she picked out was beautiful.  The most clear-blue, piercing eyes.  Her name was Shana and she was super cool.  Hopefully she will call.  I know Kelly would love that. At about 1am, the three of us loaded into a cab and went to Splash.  I love me some Splash.  I was also in rare form.  (Maybe because I had about 15 drinks that night)  Oof.  During our 2 and a half hour stint there, I met 4 guys, got 3 numbers and kissed 3 of them smack on the mouth.   The first guy I met was named Mark.  He was about 6"2 and 220#.  All muscle.  His face wasn't that great and his jeans were even worse.  But he did kiss well and he gave me a lot to hold on to.  He was a big boy and I love that.  We danced for awhile, we hugged, and about 15 minutes after I met him, I accepted his number and said "Latas".   I walk away from Mark, only to bump into this guy named "Craig".  Actually Kelly spotted Craig and when I got a glimpse of him, I went "DAMNNN!".  The boy was perfect.  He was built beyond belief and had a model face.  I mean, the guy was just about sent from heaven.  I told Kelly to track this boy down and let me dance with him.  She did just that.  When we bumped into Craig, he was like: "What's up, come dance!".  So I did.  Kelly casually bowed out of the situation and I stayed with him for a good 15 minutes.  After a couple fast dances and one slow dance, I was annoyed that Craig wasn't paying all of his attention to me.  Was he trying to win me over or just get down my pants?  I didn't know.  And then I just didn't care.  I said: "Craig, it was nice to meet you.  I am going to find my friends."  He was like: "Nooo!  Stay and dance a bit longer."  I smiled, patted him on the side of the face and went to find Kelly and Reets.   I forgot to mention that I did kiss Craig during the slow song, but it wasn't that great.  He was beautiful, but he didn't have the basics down.   Here are the basics: 1)  Pay attention to me more than everyone else.  At least for the moment that I am there.   2)  You have to be a good kisser.  If not...adios. 3)  Be a man.  Don't be flaming and never never NEVER act more gay than me. Craig fucked up the first two rules and then I met Shadrick.  Now Shadrick...he was fucking amazing.  Wanna know why?  Because Shadrick was me.  (wink, wink) Shadrick was Irish.  He didn't seem to have an accent, but the music was real loud, so maybe he did.  He was beautiful.  Nice, lean body (not my type) and an amazing face.  Shadrick walked by me, kissed me smack on the mouth and was like: "Come dance."  I didn't feel like dancing with Shadrick as I had already spied someone more my type.  Shadrick and I seem to be similar people.  We are both shmoozers, we are both adorable, and we were both seeming to spread ourselves thin at this bar.  I don't like people like me, usually.  They are competition and I would rather avoid that type and stick with the quieter, more muscular, men of the bar.  Which was who Doug is.  Now Doug.  Oh man...Doug.  Doug is maybe an inch shorter than me, maybe my height.  Doug is fucking HOT!  He had an amazing body, cool stylin/black hair, and was wearing Abercrombie.  My type of man.  Doug was also not drinking when I saw him.  We immediately made eye contact and I just stared at him for like a solid minute.  He stared back equally as long.  Finally I got so nervous that he wouldn't break my eye contact, that I had to break it.  I looked at the ground and then danced away for a second.  He was intimidating, cuz he was so beautiful.  When I looked back in Doug's direction, he had switched spots with his friend, Matt.  Doug and I stood next to eachother and danced for a minute or so.  I introduced myself and shook his hand.  He said something I couldn't hear and I asked him to repeat himself.  Then, like the PERFECT gentleman, Doug grabbed my hand and asked me to come with him to a quieter part of the bar.  Doug stood by all my rules. 1)  He was more muscular...much more than me. 2)  He took me to a quieter part of the bar so that he could hear everything I was saying.  Way to pay attention to me.  :) 3)  He could be a good kisser...but I wouldn't know that yet, cuz........ I hung with Doug longer than anyone else I met during the night.  He was friendly, adorable, and a fucking MAN!  Doug is 33 years old and lives in Yonkers. He told me what he did as an occupation and I forgot.  I was fucking trashed by this point. Doug gave me his phone number and I vowed to call him.  I never kissed him because he didn't try.  (I never try first)  As I was leaving the bar, I ran back over to Doug and told him that I would be calling him on Saturday to see if he wanted to go out with me.  He was like:  "Sure.  Please do call."  BUT...I got home, realized I had a boyfriend and didn't call.  In fact, I haven't called yet.   I spoke with Paul on Saturday and told him everything that happened.  Maybe I left out how absolutely attractive all of these guys were, but I did tell him that I kissed some boys.  And even that I was planning on calling Doug again.   He handled it with style and grace; the way he handles every fucked up thing that I do. I had an incredible time that night.  I am always suprised that I get some hot guys.  Inside my head, I feel like I am an exceptionally heavy, acne covered, no personality idiot, that wants guys that he can't have.  Yet, I can have...and I will have.  It makes me feel so good inside.    More updates on Doug to come.  I really am considering calling him today.   Oof.  Gimme some Doug.