IT'S MOTHA FUCKING FRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDAY!  Rock.  I just love the weekend.  I don't think I have ever loved the weekend so much in my whole life.  I look forward to it like a druggie looks forward to his fresh new bag.  It's a good feeling.  And like the druggie, I know that the good feeling will have to go away eventually.  Like on Sunday around 6pm.  Oooh...makes me shudder to even think about it. Last night, Rita and I went over to play with Penelope for awhile.  Good time it was.  I am so happy that Rita and Penelope are getting along so well already.  They have a good deal of similarities and are both willing to let go.  We laugh, we wax philosophic, and we cry.  Well, not so much cry.  Actually never cry.  But it is always amazing nonetheless.   I laughed so hard last night I thought my face was going to fall off.  There was some shit that was just so damn funny.  One of them being: One of the bitches I work with, I think her name was given as "Doris" left this notebook on my desk a couple of days ago.  Doris is constantly leaving things on our desks.  And we are constantly asking her to remove her smelly shit as quick as possible.  Sometimes, quite a few times, Doris' SHIT has ended up in some garbage can on Broadway.  So Doris leaves this notebook and on Thursday I decide to take it and throw it away.  However, on the ride home in the cab, Rita and I look through the notebook and find scribblings of some HUMILIATING shit.  Doris seems to have "Professional Jealousy" with our boss.  Doris scribbles that she deals with: "anger, lies, perception" and a "need to be alone".  Doris then draws scary pictures of some sort of wolf-like serial killer.  I don't know how to describe it to you.  Well, in fact, I think I did just describe it to you.  Some scary shit. So now that the notebook has gone "missing", Miss Doris is frantically trying to find it.  She has lost numerous notebooks and has never said a word about it.  But this one...oh she knows that it has to intense writings in it.  And what IF...what IF someone like my boss happened to discover it?  Ooooh...the pleasure.  For once, we have power in our hands and I love it.  If Doris just wasn't such an animal, maybe we would just return it.  But since she is a wildebeast that knows not right from wrong, I think I will have to rip out one page at a time and sporadically slide them under her door before she gets to work.   (snicker motha-fuckin snicker) Tonight, Rita and I have some friends coming into town.  They are 2 of the 6 people that make up our intense group from college.  I haven't seen one of these girls since I graduated.  Distance has ripped us all apart.  It should be nice to have a few drinks with them.  I sure hope it is a good time.  There is always that possibility that Stacil will walk up to me and be like: "You are an asshole.  Why haven't you called?  Get the fuck out of my face."  I will then proceed to rip up the belated birthday card that I will be holding in my hand.  No.  I wouldn't.  But slap her in the face with the card...now that I would do. Alright...time to have yet another cigarette today.  Yuuuuuuuuuuuuuum.