I woke up from the deepest sleep this morning.  It was like flying out of a long tunnel, only to realize that at the end of it was my reality of having to get up and go to work.  I celebrated by jerking off. Last night, Rita and I went grocery shopping for Kelly.  It was fun. Like a scavenger hunt.  In fact, one of the best parts was that I brought a glass of wine with me and drank it like some old, alcoholic lady getting her menial tasks done.  It was enjoyable.  I was in bed last night by like 7:30pm.  What is my deal?  I watched some tv and laid in my comforter, sweating my nuts off.  Cuz what is the fucking deal with this weather?  Don't get me wrong...like everyone else, I enjoy it.  But unlike most people, I believe that bad things are happening because of it.  Polar ice caps melting, water draughts, the Lord Jesus Christ coming back to rapture his children.  Not that that's a bad thing.  Well, not for me.   ;) My boss isn't going to be in today.  ROCK.   Tonight Penelope and I are doing our (just about) bi-weekly ritual of having some wine together and getting a bag.  We always have a good time when we chill at her house.  I try to shove the wine down her throat, but she isn't a huge drinker.  I do consistently refill her glass though, cuz you know...once I get her liquored up, I can do whatever I want to her.  (hahahahahahahahaha) never. If you ain't watching the Real World this season, you are missing out!  I know I have written about this before, but I must write about it again.  The show, this time around, is definitely my favorite one of all time.  ALREADY!  There have been about 5 episodes so far and each one has me gripping the side of the couch, or crying one stoic tear, or yelling in anger.  The members of the cast are wonderful.  They were perfectly picked.  There is some controversy and differing of opinions (as there should be), but for the most part, they all get along so well.  It is nice to see that.  Of course, there is one guy (Theo) spouting off about how homosexuality is "discusting" and "a sin".  And there is this girl Tonya, from Wallah Wallah, Washington who is a moron, but she means well.  This week's episode was about Chris and his boyfriend.  They have a long distance relationship and to be honest, I am not sure if they are really together.  It seems to be a newbie relationship.  I don't really enjoy Chris or the guy he is dating, but I love the way that the other people react to them.  It is intriguing, thought provoking, and for the first time in a LOOONG while, I can actually understand what straight people go through when they see two homosexual men in an intimate setting.  It was almost too hard for me to watch...and Paul and I are much more intense then they are.  It was interesting. I got to thinking...is this how Paul and I come across?  I feel like we are totally normal, average guys.  But I guess one could argue that Chris and his boy are the same way.  This week's episode really made me think. Please, catch up with this show if you haven't seen in already.  It is really quite amazing. I am so glad that the weekend is almost here.  Gonna have some fun.  Gonna sleep.  Gonna do whatever the fuck I feel like doin.  FREEEEEEEEEEEEDOM!  And no work for a couple of days.   Thank the lord that he invented weekends.