I read this blogger earlier that was fucking disturbing.  It was this girl that wrote something to this effect: "So I haven't written in awhile (mind you this was the first entry she has ever made...I checked her archives) and a lot has happened to me.  First off, my mom, sister and cat died in a fire from toxic smoke.  Then I started getting these anxiety attacks and my dad says I should go to the hospital."  She continues on for a good while about nonsense and then ends it by saying: "Happy lollipops and oranges to everyone!"  WHAT THE FUCK?!?!?! Cuz I mean if your moms died (along with your cat and sister), you probably wouldn't sit down at your blogger right away.  Second, if you are the kind of person who would do sit down and write about it right away anyway...are you also the same type of person that writes at the end: "Happy oranges and lollipops to everyone"?  This girl is fucking whack.   I wish I could remember the web address, cuz you guys gotta read this shit.   People are crazy.  And what the hell is a "happy orange"?  lordy. I read another blog that was all in Chinese symbols.  Chinese people are weird. And I also don't understand the bloggers that are all links.  Such as: "Today was good...check this out: insert link." Or "I love pizza and here is something to think about: insert link".  Unoriginal, boring, and a waste of valuable web space.   But happy oranges to you! Almost time for lunch.  Cannot wait.  The day is actually almost over too.  That is wonderful news.   Tonight I am supposed to go get drinks with Kelly and Rita after work.  I haven't spoken to Kelly about it yet, so I don't know if we are going for sure.  I hope so.  Cuz after this long and excruciating day of hard labor, I should definitely celebrate with some booze.  I got this best friend necklace over the weekend.  It is one of those that have the heart split in half.  One side says "Joe Cuttheshit" and the other says "booze". Kelly is off seeing the smash hit movie "Crossroads" by the triple threat talent Ms. Britney Spears.  HAHAHAHA~!  I am happy that she gets to see it, cuz it is like all she wants out of life right now.  Good for her for sticking by her guns and seeing that thing despite all the flack everyone gives her.  But to be honest, if Justin Timberlake was in his own movie, I would be at the Sneak Preview.  Yum.  Timberlakes.  I think she is seeing the movie with Randall, the EX.  Dum duh dum dum. DUM!   Here is a song about Nouns:  (Sung to the tune of "Freir a Jacques" or the English version "Are you sleeping brother John?") "Nouns are people.  Nouns are places.  Nouns are things. Ruth. Rome. And Rings. Helen is a proper noun. Melon is a common noun. Use a capital - for the name Bill." What a great song.  I wonder if Britney will cover it in her new movie.   Latas.