"Ohh....back to work....back to work...to prove to dad that I'm not a jerk.  Back to work...back to work...can't believe that I am stuck in this shithole."  A little take off on the Billy Madison hit: "Back to School".  Wow I am tired this morning.  I think I am more tired now than when I woke up.  How does that happen?  Probably cuz I spent the subway ride with my head bowed and eyes sealed shut with sleep.  Sweated my balls off again in bed last night.  What is the deal?  I am constantly sweating.  No wonder I am always dehydrated.  I just can't keep up. Friday night, Paul and I went to SPLASH.  (My favorite gay NYC club)  I love this place.  I love it even more when I am not with Paul.  It is weird to go to a cruisy pick-up place with your boyfriend.  Especially when he makes me feel as though he is ONLY there to show me off.  I never feel like he really wants to be there to have a good time with just me.  Our conversations tend to suck when we are at a club just the two of us.  In fact, our conversations tended to suck all weekend.  We were very distant from each other.  Lots on my mind in that area...but I don't feel like going into that right now. Saturday night, my housemates and I went to see Urinetown: The Musical.  It was pretty good.  I definitely laughed quite a bit and the performances were excellent.  The writing was outstanding as well.  In fact, it was an overall good performance.  Kelly, Rita, and I thouroughly enjoyed ourselves.  Afterwords, we went out with Rita's boyfriend, Scott, and some of his friends.  I got fucked up!  It was fun and I spent a lot of time laughing and chortling.  Chortle.  ing.  Kelly and I acted as though we were 12 years old, ashing our cigarettes on these ugly bitches and stealing things left and right.  It was probably the funniest thing to happen all weekend.  Even funnier than Urinetown.   This guy Simon is in this play.  It is called Danton's Death or some shit.  It is funny to hear people standing around, in my office, and talking about it right now.  Considering that I think Simon is a piece of shit...I will not be attending the play.  Besides the fact that his pretentious attitude about theater will always keep me away from any performance he ever does (I mean...he went to a Conservatory, please!), until I start acting, I will not support those with speech impetiments and partial balding who are acting.  Or I can just be a huge bitch about it all...like I am doing right now.  So tired.   Found numerous jobs in the paper yesterday.  Gotta get my resumes and cover letter together tonight so that I can fax them out.  Must find new job immediately.  Or must figure out a way to sell things I own for money. Must.  M    U    S     T!