Yesterday was Valentine's Day.  I was pretty excited cuz Paul and I have yet to actually spend a V-Day together.  It is also his birthday so it was even more special for him to come.  We had a wonderful time together.  Talking, hugging, etc.  However, we went to this restaurant call "Bill's Gay Nineties".  Now, according to the title, we thought we were in for a night of quiet, piano-bar style, dinner.  I pictured a bunch of old gay men dining.  Nope.  It was a bunch of old men alright, but they were homophobic and just plain mean to us.  Beginning with the coat check lady that stared at me the entire time like I had 3 heads (2 of which had massive deformities).  She literally STARED the entire time.  Even to the point in which I kept catching her and she would just continue to look in my eyes.  She was creepy.   Then they shove us in this corner next to the piano player and serve us watered down drinks at $9 a pop.  The steaks were majorly overcooked and the owners of the bar (2 old men and this old, fucking pretentious bitch) stared and laughed at us the whole time.  At one point I got up to have a cigarette at the bar, and this old fucker (like 75 old) grabs Paul by the arm and says: "What are you doing?  Trying to escape on the bill?" or some shit...Paul gets pissed!  And rightly so... I finish my cigarette and the bartender makes Paul a drink without even looking in his eyes.  He then slams the drink on the counter and walks away.  We were appalled.  Finally, we were half-way through our meals and we decided that we just had to leave.  Paul goes up to the woman owner and says: "You are rude and our steaks are overcooked and we want the check now."  The lady glowers at him and is like: "Fine." We get our bill, shoot nasty looks back at the owners, who are still staring at us and making comments to one another.  We did tip our waitress well, cuz she was the only one who had any sort of decency.  Then we got our jackets and tipped the coat lady one buck, cuz she was a fucking nightmare.   On the way out, they have this huge mirror on this display.  I gathered every amount of loogie in my throat and spit it all over the mirror.  FUCK YOU BILL GAY NINETIES.  Clean up a fag's spit. Paul and I did have a wonderful time together.  Thank God for that.  I fell asleep in his arms at like 11:30pm.  He said I sweat my balls off all night.  oops. He came on me without me even touching him.  Sometimes I can be sexy as fuck. hee. Today is "Pizza Friday".  This weekly ritual is something that I created for myself and allows me to start out my weekend on a tasty note.  I have to get at least one slice every Friday.  Kelly used to eat pizza with me on Fridays, before work.  Rita now has some with me usually.  But today, the devils (or her bosses - whatever term suits you more) are keeping her late.  So no pizza for Rizza.   Tomorrow night, Kelly, Rita and I commence to "Urinetown" the musical.  We will probably get drinks first and then off to a musical about public toilets.  NYC doesn't get any better than this.  Afterwords, we will probably go for more drinks.  Why does everything in my life revolve around getting drinks? It will be fun to hang with Kelly for once.  We haven't seen her all week.  It is like she has been away on vacation.  Cept that the vacation has been filled with massive amounts of homework, endless shifts at work, and rehearsals for a show she just started.  Goodness.  She sure is a trooper.  And a good girl. Last night, Kelly and her ex-girlfriend Randall spent some time with each other.  From what Kelly says they had an amazing time together.  I am so happy for her and for the fact that they can be around each other and not kill.  That is very difficult to do when you come out of a relationship of 2 years.  I know I couldn't do it.  They are both being very strong and patient.  I am proud of my babies.   So...Paul will be here soon.  Then Pizza and fun!  And maybe it will be a better lunch than last nights' dinner.  Only thing that could make lunch worse is if I got punched right in my fag face.  HA!