Almost the end of the day and almost time for me to escape.   I had lunch today with my new boss, Jim.  It went wonderfully.  We had some great talks and I realized today how interesting of a person he really is.  I voiced my concerns about certain areas of my job and he totally listened.  He responded in such an assertive manner that it made me feel relieved that he took over the position.  He also paid for my lunch AND we each had two glasses of wine.  What is he?  The coolest ever?  Today, again, has been an overall good day.  No one getting in my face or bothering me. In other news...I have to go buy Valentine/Birthday gifts after work.  Paul is coming into town tomorrow and his birthday just HAPPENS to be on V-day.  Lucky bitch.  I am SURE that I will get nothing again for this holiday, just like I got for Christmas and our anniversary.  He always pays for me when we go out, etc.  But it would be nice if he could write a fucking card once in awhile.  Sorry....obviously this strikes a cord deep within my soul.  I mean, write a simple card sometime.  But I guess that is too much to ask.  Dick. I have made reservations at three different restaurants for tomorrow night.  I am not sure where he will want to go.  So I call him today at like 11am and say: "Please call me back today as soon as you can...I have a few questions to ask you".  (ie: which restaurant to go to...) And of course...the fucking asshole hasn't called back.   Good.  I will make the decision about where we go to eat and it will be Burger King. Case closed. I work with this guy that I will call Brian.  He is a really sweet guy.  And in fact, I hooked up with him for a solid two weeks when Paul and I were having problems.  He treated me really well at the time and made me feel like a god.  But then I realized that I don't like it when people kiss my ass.  I need them to provide some sort of a challenge.  And Brian was falling for me way too fast.  Now, we have this strange relationship in which some days we are best friends and some days we don't speak.  Gay relationships are weird.   Plus he has a HUGE donkey dick. OMIGOD...I think I might have gotten Mariah a possibility at a job when she gets here. I gotta go! Will explain later....