Well helloooooooooooo.....so Paul has come and gone.  I am still a virgin.  It wasn't the right time.  I thought it was the right time, but it just turned out that you can't really plan for something like this.  I wanted us to have a wonderful day seeing RENT, going out to dinner, going to a club and just being together.  Ideally, we would have come home and made sweet, sweet love.  However, instead of making sweet love, he shoved his fingers repeatedly in my ass and it hurt.  Usually I like having his fingers in me.  But this time it hurt a lot.  He was so aggressive and none of it felt good.  I am glad that we didn't go through with it just cuz we thought we had to.  It is better that we wait.  But I bought condoms for nothing.  I guess they won't go bad.   While Paul was here, he and I also went and got an HIV test.  It was kind of nerve-wrecking.  Just the idea of getting a test that could determine life or death is really scary.  The guy that drew blood from me asked me:  "How many life partners have you had?"  I said:  "Life partners?  Do you mean people I have had intercourse with?"  He rolled his eyes and said:  "YES!"  (Please asshole...as though every dick I suck is considered a fucking life partner) So I say:  "If you mean intercourse, then the answer is zero."  He literally looked at me as though I was a fucking liar.  SERIOUSLY!  His look said to me:  "YOU ARE A SLUT AND A WHORE AND I CAN SEE IT ON YOUR FACE."   Whatever douche...take my blood and move on. I go on Feb. 6th to get the results.  Wish me luck!   Today Rita woke up with some weird blister thing on her eye.  I mean, it is so little you can't even see it, but it is there nonetheless.  It is like me with my gums.  They are sensitive and sometimes swell and bleed.  For no reason!  We both hate body things.  Cuz sick!  I am a normal guy living in this vessel of doom. Okay...gotta close this entry out, cuz I have this feeling that I am going to lose it.  Blogger hurts my feelings sometimes when it makes what I want to post disappear into thin air.  Where do those entries go?  Prolly to Korea.