At work and praying that it will be 5pm before I even realize it.  Rita is filled with anxiety this morning.  I hate those days. When you wake up and even though there is nothing huge to be worried about you still feel as though you are going to crawl right out of your skin.  Tough mornings.  But we laughed and joked on the subway and I think that helped a bit.  We have a staff meeting today and that is cool.  It breaks up the day a bit.  Penelope doesn't feel well and will probably only be here for the meeting.  I don't think she should come at all...but I am sure that Rabbi dickhead is forcing her to be here.  Ugh. I feel like I have a permanent loog in my throat today.  Not a great feeling.  I want to cough it up so that I can stick it on Rita, but I can't seem to get it going.  I will suprise her with it later. So this week is Valentine's Day.  Kind of exciting.  What to do, what to do.  I should make reservations at a nice "gay"restaurant for Paul and I.  I don't gots much money, so I better get hacking on this problem quick.  Rita's boyfriend is coming to visit too.  He should be here by Thursday.  I know she is excited to see him.  Long distance blows a fat dick.  No.  Not true.  A fat dick is a good thing.   Long distance blows a spindly, veiny, pasty white penis.  Yeah, that's better. This weekend, Rita, Kelly and I commence to a viewing of Urinetown.  Saturday night.  We are looking forward to it.  We don't know much about the show and that's the best part.  Probably go for a few drinks first.  Then we will go to the show and piss on eachother.  Cuz of Urinetown.  I tell you, I will be damned disappointed if one of us don't end up covered in pee.  It's the whole point, right? So the monster that I work with named Doris tried to pull a fast one.  A rabbi from another organization came in and wanted a tour of the facility.  So I go get Doris, cuz that is part of her job, and she is like: "You know, this is just not a good moment."  I stand there staring at her, not leaving her office, waiting for her to get off her ugly ass and do it.  Eventually, she slams her shit down and gets up.  What a fuck.  Don't give me attitude cuz your life is speeding down the toilet of incompetence.  She's a fuck.  And worse than her being a fuck, she is ugly.  And she has bad clothes.  And she eats like a horse.  And if she EVER EVER gives me attitude over something again (something that is clearly her job), I will prolly spit or shit or jizz in her coffee.   No.  I really will.  This cunt's gotta go. Ahhhh....now I feel better.  So off to another day.  Fuck.  Can I get out of here soon please?????????