It is now so late at night.  Well at least for a Tuesday, it is.  But I am not going to work tomorrow, so it is all good.   I had the most amazing evening.  I spent the first half with Penelope.  Hanging out with her always makes me think.  I met this girl about a year ago and couldn't stand her for like 6 months.  We just didn't jive the way that I thought we would.  To be honest, I wanted to bullshit her the way I do with most people.  Just get through it and never make a personal connection.  Don't we all do that?   But I got to know her.  I got to understand her.  I got to see how real and vulnerable she is.  When you see someone's vulnerability, you love them.  It is impossible not to.  This girl is cool.  She is smart, quick, and she gets it.  Very few do, so when you find someone that does, you latch on for dear life.  When she speaks, I listen.  Her stories do take hours to finish, but she always has a point.  She is someone unlike a lot of people I have met.  But we have found a balance and I love that.  Finding a balance is the most important part of a true relationship. So I spent the first half of the night with Penelope.  It was great.  Her brothers are wonderful.  Great heads on their shoulders and totally loose.  I had an incredible time.   Enough of a good time to sit and "blog" about it.   The second half of the night was spent with REETS (Rita).  This girl blows my fucking mind.  I have known her for YEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRSSSSSSSS, yet every day is something new.  I can sit in a room with her and kill an entire evening with conversation.  I don't get it.  We have talks that break all natural limits.  I change as a person just from one talk with her.  She is someone I trust, love, and would sacrifce everything for.  I am just overwhelmed by it all the time.   Even with your best friends, you find that need to hold back.  To protect yourself.  But with her and Kelly, I really just let go.  These two are the perfect housemates.  The ones that I can cry to, scream at, collapse in front of...these two are my life.  With the exception of Paul.  But isn't it always "with the exception of Paul"?  These two are my dream.  Oh please.  We do have problems.  Someone is always being offended or left out or stuck with cleaning the dishes, but shit always works out.  We are a house based on honesty.  I must say that I vote for us for cabinet.  Senate.  Something important.   It was a great night that made me realize how important reaching out to others really is.  Once you risk...you are always rewarded.  I never believe in that theory, but whenever I do it, I am most pleasantly suprised.   The moral of this story is:  Love your friends the way you would love yourself.  Because they make you.  And you make them.  And together you are a bunch.  "The Brady Bunch."   I love you girls.