Another day, Another dollar.  No really...another dollar, cuz that's about all I make at my shit job.  At least I feel proud of my work, though.  PSHAW!  I am thinking of taking tomorrow as a sick day.  I don't feel so hot.  I mean, I feel good enough to come to work prolly, but I think I prefer to spend the day home recuperating from this hell-hole we call life.  I have the time, why not use it?  Last night I saw MTV'S Flipped.  It was the season premiere and it was fucking amazing.  Now, I am a little biased cuz I fully believe in MTV as a network that has phenomenal broadcasting.  The shows are great, the music is good, and the marketing strategies are just about damn near perfect.  So anyway, last night I saw FLIPPED.  The show was focused on a teen-girl smoker and teen-boy dipper.  You know, dip that goes into your mouth and rots away your face.  In the episode, they take these two teens and flip their worlds upside down.  They try to show them the negative affects of using tobacco.  And let me tell you, quite the powerful episode.  The premise of the show (on the girls' end) was that she was picked to be in a new USHER video.  She had no idea that her world was about to be FLIPPED.  In the "video" (and USHER did look damn good, of course) she was to portray a woman with emphysema.  To prepare for her role in the video, the girl had to meet with a woman who is 41 and dying of emphysema.  She was really upset by this experience.  Then to prepare for the last portion of the video, this girl was made to listen in on a woman being told that she had emphysema.  She stood, hidden in a closet, and listened to the entire conversation, horrified at what was being said to this stranger.  Then the doctor says to the girl: "Okay, come in and meet this woman so that you can see the face of emphysema."  The girl walks in and realizes it is her mother that was being told that she was sick.  YIKES!  I mean, it turned out that it was just a plot to convince her that tobacco kills.  And the most real part about it is that this girl's mother has been smoking for decades.  The two of them held and cried with eachother for awhile.  And so did I.  (Held and cried with myself)  The show was so effective.  Imagine the horror on this girl's face when she realized that her mother was the one being told she would die.  My friend Rita thinks that it is a horrible trick to pull on someone.  But I think that when it comes to something like tobacco, you need to scare people.  I have been smoking myself for just about 5 years.  And it is time to quit.  I am not going to have half of my face cut out due to cancer.  I am not going to lose my singing voice completely due to a smoke.  I am stronger than that.  We all need to quit.  OK?