Guess what world?  Rita Lovely started working at my job today!  It is so wonderful to have another friend working here.  She is doing an amazing job already and I think that everyone loves her.  We will have to see though.  Imagine my boss is like:  "Well SURE Rita is great at what she does, and works hard, and could save the company...but we are going to go with someone else."  I would have a heart attack and die on the spot.  (but then she could get my job)  Rita is the new "temporary" Admin. Asst. for the Development portion of our organization.  As stated in previous entries, the development department is full of fucking lunatics.  And now Rita literally sees first hand what I go home and talk about every day.  It is so great!  I love it! Penelope has just started her own blogger too.  I will put a link to her on here one of these days. In fact, she is blogging as we speak.   Paul comes in to town tonight!  OHMYGOODNESSOHMYGOODNESS!  I am so excited.  I called him at 12:30pm to see if he had many any arrangements to get on the bus.  He didn't answer the phone.  So I got all nervous and called his roommate (one of my best friends --- Mariah) and asked her to get ahold of him.  She must have, cuz he called me within minutes.  He was like: (in the groggiest voice ever) "Oh hi Joe.  Yeah...I am getting up now."  I am like: "GET THE FUCK OUT OF BED!  YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO BE HERE IN 4 HOURS!  (the bus/train ride takes 4 hours alone).  So Paul says:  "Oh, right.  Okay...I am on my way."  UGH!  Can the kid EVER just do what he is supposed to do???  He has known about these couple of days for over a month.  He keeps this up and he ain't sticking his dick in my tomorrow.  TOMORROW!  AY YI YI! Either way...he is on the train as I write this.  And I really can't wait to jump into his arms the minute he walks through the door.  I can't wait to kiss his mouth, take off his shirt, and have him carry me into the bedroom.  I love him so much.  He is so BOY!  And as much as it pisses me off, cuz he doesn't always remember the little things, he is still a strong, straight-acting, sincere motha-fucker.  He has a huge heart and takes care of me.  Always has.  Gives me a boner just thinking about him.   And we have been together for 2 years!  And I still get hard.  Now that's an accomplishment.   I have the next day and a half off from work.  This way I can totally maximize my visit with Paul.  I have also planned something amazing for us to do tomorrow.  I would write it in here, but I feel as though he might read this tonight.  I want to tell him about this so that he can catch up with me even if we don't have a chance to talk.  :)  Also, maybe he will learn a thing or two about how to be a better boyfriend.   So tonight, Kelly, Rita and I play cards and hang out with Paul.  Then I suck his dick and then he and I go to bed holding eachother until the morning.  Or maybe tonight is the night that he will slip it in me.   Well, only if I don't puke from nerves first.