So today I feel like shit.  I was super busy at work and I have aches and pains as though I do other things beside booze and smoke pot.  I leave at 3pm today to go home to see my brother, Winfield.  It is one of the last visits we will have before his big move to Germany.  I love my brother.  I have grown to absolutely adore him over the last couple of years.  We have always gotten along...well for the most part.  There was a 2 -year stint in highschool when he wouldn't even make eye contact with me in the halls.  I guess it was tough for a jock to have a fag brother.  But at least I was a popular fag brother. Oh.  And I was fat then.  I wasn't as svelt as I am now.  Svelt?  whatever to svelt.  Now, he and I get along so well.  He looks up to me and I do to him as well.  We are so completely different, but so much alike at the same time.  Plus, we are both studs that never have to share women.  So I guess that is a plus.  Having the whole family together (my mom, dad, and brother---small fam!) is always a bittersweet experience.  We all laugh and cry together.  We share our thoughts, our problems and our love.  It gets hard only because once I make it home, I never want to leave.  The chemistry between the members of my family is dynamic and powerful.  I love them all so much it hurts.  And now my brother is leaving for 3 years.   At least I am driving home for this adventure.  Greyhound has become my personal chauffeur on just about every trip I have taken over the past 2 years.  I fucking hate the bus and even more so...the fat asses that ride the bus.  Why is it that most people I end up sitting next to smell like tomato soup?  But today I travel alone.  Just me, the radio, and my thoughts.  It will be a nice time of peace.   The super bowl is on sunday.  Don't give a fuck about that. Update on the gums...still bothering me. Update on Paul...still wonderful.  Called me today and was as sweet as he could possibly be.  Makes me a lucky boy to have him.  As long as his fingers aren't up my ass to the point of anal bleeding.  Alright, I should cut out.  Cleo wants to spend the last 10 minutes of work talking my ear off about something foolish.  Prolly the fact that her face is about to fall right off due to the lack of moisture.   Hey, she didn't have that memorable of a face to begin with.