So, two hours until I am on vacation.  Since it is Passover, we have half of Wed and all of Thursday and Friday off.  AWESOME.  Pays to work for a Jewish Organization when I am not Jewish.  While all of my co-workers will be attending Seders and doing the "holiday" thing, I will be doing the "Joe" thing and going to Boston to party like a rockstar.   At the last minute I invited Rita and Kelly to come with me.  Rita had plans to go to Syracuse, but they fell through.  So she will be coming.  Kelly, on the other hand, has to find a job.  She has got two full days to go out and see what she can do.  My hopes and prayers are with her cuz I know how badly she wants something good.  And she will be sorely missed. I think tonight we are going to a club called VAPOR.  It will be of the gay/lesbian nature and I am positive that Rita's straight ass will find a hot lesbian to spend the trip with.  IMAGINE?  That would blow everyone's world to bits. Paul has to work tomorrow night and I think I am going to show Rita around Boston a bit.  I want to take her up to where Kelly and I use to live.  Then I will probably swing by good ole' TGIFriday's to show Reets where Kelly and I worked.  I don't think we have any other big plans, but it will be nice to get away.  And Rita has never even been to Boston before.  She is afraid that she is going to like it too much and not come back to the city.  I'll let her stay and live there if she really likes it.   (NEVER) I really wish Kel could go.  She loves Boston and hasn't been back in awhile.  She has a friend in town; one of her old roommates from Binghamton.  Binghamton, remember those days?  Damn, that place was cool.  And their dining halls were just faboolous. (orbit gum) So this is just a quick entry to say "Sayonara" to everyone in NYC.  I should be back on Friday, with Paul in tote.  We are spending Easter here as opposed to me staying the weekend in Boston.  Cuz if I stayed in Boston, we all know that I wouldn't be back on Sunday.  I would be back Monday or Tuesday and then my ass would be in some trouble.  Happy Passover!!! Chag Sameach! or sumptin. Thanks P for my lil' present this morning.  It will make the trip even that much cooler.