What a fucking day.  It's funny, cuz on the way in this morning, I say to Rita, "Today is going to suck."  She's like: "Yeah, I have that pit in my stomach."  Boy were we right.  On top of Penelope not being at work today, EVERYONE has shit they need either Rita or I to do.  People are being assholes, and the work load seems to just increase and increase with each hour.  Thank our stars that we only work a half week.  Cuz ugh!  What a way to start.     I must say that this weekend was just about the best.  On Friday, Rita went out for drinks with our friend Stacil and ended up coming home at like 8:30pm.  I got up from my hungover nap around that time, and we decided to have a glass of wine and just catch up.  Next thing I know, it is 3am and I have to go to bed to get up for my parents.  Ugh.   Saturday was such an incredible day.  My parents showed up around noon and they were in great moods.  We took the subway to Ground Zero.  I hadn't been there yet and I really wanted to go down there at least once, to just see what happened in real life.  Watching the devastation on tv just doesn't give one the reality of it all.  It was extremely upsetting and I found it hard to be there.  For the most part, the site consists of a giant crater.  There is very little rubbish left.  The damage is unbelievable, but they have made some major headway in the cleanup.  There is a iron cross standing inside the whole.  It was part of the building that the construction workers sodered off and made into a cross.  Kind of like a memorial.  It was beautiful.  Of course, there were people all around gawking at the hole and taking pictures.  But everyone was silent.  Not a sound in the group.  It was just so much.  Then my parents and I walked to the West side of the site and stood between the hole and the Statue of Liberty.  We were standing right next to the water and it was so serene.  We were the only people there.  Kind of like a ghost town.  My dad pulls out this poem and gives it to me.  It was one of the most beautiful things I have ever read in my life.  It was a feeling like I could never explain - standing next to this devastation on one side, and on the other, the freedom and comfort represented by the Statue of Liberty.  My parents took full advantage of this moment by giving me the poem.  Then my dad pulls out a check for my headshots.  He paid for the entire thing.  He told me that this money isn't a loan or an early birthday present.  It was a gift because they believe in me and believe that I can do this acting thing.  I was so overwhelmed.  I think I hugged them both for 10 minutes before letting go.  Gosh.  It was a moment that I will never forget for as long as I live.   After that, we went to Park Avalon and had glass of wine.  They loved doing it.  We have never just gone out for a drink before.  And there we were, 3 adults laughing and joking and just loving eachother's presence.  I love them more than my heart can handle.  Later that evening, Kelly, Rita, my parents, and I played some cards, discussed about a thousand different political and religious topics.  It was amazing.  Kelly, my dad, and I stayed up until almost 3am discussing salvation other religious things.  It was mind blowing and powerful!  I think I finally got in bed around 4:45am.  On Sunday, I woke up with some form of the flu or hangover or some shit.  Probably because I spent 3 full days getting fucked up.  I think I need a couple days to recuperate and to get my energy back.  Especially since I am supposed to go to Boston on Wed.  If I were to leave today, it would take all of my energy to even get to the bus station. Long long long wonderful couple of days.  But now I feel sick.   Ok...I guess that is it.  Really don't feel like writing today, but I wanted to get some of this in here while it was still on my mind.