Oh my goodness.  Last night was fucking amazing.  I slept for literally 3 hours and now I am surely paying for it.  I think I finally closed my eyes at like 5:15am and woke up BEFORE my alarm at 8:10am.  Then I immediatley got up and got in the shower.  Damn.  Felt like I was on another planet.  My head was buzzing, my stomach cramping, all of the usual things that a normal sober kid like me feels in the morning.  SIKE! I hung out with Penelope last night from like 6pm-2:30am.  I just went over for a little bit and then there I was drinking my face off and talking a mile a minute for like hours!  Poor thing was such a good sport about it all.  She was willing to stay up as long as I wanted to stay.  And I just wanted to keep hanging with her.  We talked about everything from work to love to goals to funny family stories.  Oh man.  It was just such an incredible time.  We were so in sync with eachother.  I drank like a monster and smoked way too many cigs.  But I laughed and laughed and really enjoyed every possible second.  The most incredible thing was that Penelope has been dying to show me who this next door neighboor of hers is that she had sex with.  We talk about him all the time.   At least for like 8 months or something.  She writes about him in her blogger quite frequently.  She uses the name "Dick" for him.  How appropriate.  So, she and I are walking to get some wine and some cigarettes when lo and behold...there is Dick walking down the street with these grocery bags.  We both about have heart attacks, cuz there he is!!!!  He stopped and said hello and was very uncomfortable.  I think he thought that Penelope and I were hooking up or something.  He was very nervous.  She and I loved it.  He is very attractive.  I hated his hair so much I could have shaved it off on the spot.  He was balding in the front, but had a beautiful long mane of blondish locks in the back.  Pukerific!  But he had a HOT face and a nice little body on him.  Penelope said he usually dresses better than the tapered jeans I saw him in, but I just gotta see it to believe it.  He does work on Wall Street so I am sure he doesn't look 80's all the time.  Either way, I was SO elated to finally put a face with the name.  We have waited FOREVER for this moment.  It was so great!  So, we have decided that if we do bump into him again, Penelope and I are fully having sex and he is made to feel like he is missing out and must jump on the "I cheat on my girlfried" bandwagon again.  Here's to us... Thanks again P for the great night.  It was so awesome!!!! Tonight I will probably spend in bed.  My parents are coming tomorrow and I want to be at least a little rested up for them.  Rita and I have a friend coming into town named Stacil.  She is great and I haven't seen her in forever, but her visit is so last minute and I treated last night as though it was my Friday night.  As the day goes on, the hangover increases.  ROCK! Work today is fucking dragging on.  At least I am finally out of here in like 15 minutes.  I have been watching the clock on my computer screen casually tick on by for what seems to be a duration.  "Please release me....let me go." - sung to the tune of, um...er..."Please release me, let me go".   When I got home last night...I called Paul and we talked until the fucking crack of dawn.  I was speaking a mile a minute on so many different things.  He was INCREDIBLE with me.  Hearing me out on everything, being objective, and being my totally adorable little ghouls!  LOVE HIM!  I know that in the beginning of the conversation he was tired and probably wanted to go to bed, but he knew I couldn't sleep and volunteered to stay on the phone with me until I did.  I love him for that.  Also, he owed it to me after not talking to me cuz of "Queer as Folk" the other night.  ;) It was a special conversation and I will never forget it.  For a lot of reasons. So all in all last night was just the tops!  I loved my friends, I loved my boyfriend, and I loved this city.  I felt so New Yorkish going home in a cab at 2:30am.  On a THURSDAY!!!  ;)    I am a whore and I eat it up. Today is Pizza Fridays!  Yum.  And today of all days, I really need pizza.  This belly is empty and worn out.  Time to get some good New York nourishing inside of it.  Cannot wait.  Half hour until I am shoving my face.   SLURP! Here comes the weekend.  Open up and say: "YUM!"