Hello world.  Today is a beautiful sun shinin day!  I like that.  Always better than the freezing drizzle that has been our lives this week.  Rita and I had lunch at the West End today and ate outside!  Wow.  We never get to do that.  It's great.  You can smoke and smoke till your lungs content and then throw the butts at the homeless guy that is obnoxiously asking for money while we are eating.  It's kind of a game.  If you hit them in the back, you don't get as many points as if you hit them square in the forehead.  But that takes skillz.  Juxt kidding.  But hells if I gave that guy money.  Hells. I spoke with my brother a couple minutes ago.  It was good to talk to him.  I told him of my plans to consolidate my bills and my method for doing so.  He was like: "No Joe.  Bad idea.  Why can't you just keep doing what you are doing now?  This is not going to work."  Ok...shut the fuck up, because you really have no idea what this is like for me, on top of the fact that he has no idea what it is like to be in debt.  Bitch has no bills and just got a new car.  Year: 2002.  So, I don't want to hear your shit.  It just kind of pissed me off.  I like his objective opinion...always.  But he really shouldn't have an opinion on this subject, cuz he doesn't know how to identify with it on any level.  Ugh.  He just made me doubt myself and now I am frustrated again.  I felt so good for a couple days, cuz I felt like I had a plan.  Now, I still have a plan, but he made me worry.  Stupid, rich, army boy brother.  Thanks a lot. What else....I am going to Penelope's today to have a glass of wine with her and to get my mom her stinkin pot.  (Like I won't be smoking the pot right along with her)  My parents will be here Saturday, so I gots to take care of business today.   Right now, I am chowing on a plate of freezing cold french fries.  Oh Joe.  Cut the Shit!  Pretty soon, I am going to be the size of a house, and I am going to have grease shooting out of my pours.  Ooh.  That sounds tasty! My intestines are raging today.  Raging against the machine I call my body.  Feel like I gotta shit, but I don't.  So what the fuck is up with that.   Penelope had a short, but great entry in her blogger today.  She is pondering the idea that she is now 30, but doesn't quite understand how that happened.  Please go visit and read today's entry:    Penelope's 30th bday entry  So lately, my gums have been doing a little bit better.  It's funny, cuz I haven't been using the baking soda for a couple days, so I have to make sure to rinse with it tonight.  Just to keep it all going smoothly.  I haven't mentioned my stronger gums to anyone in a couple of days, cuz every time I bring it up, they tend to crumble in my mouth again.  So shhh.....some day they will be perfect again.  I just know it! Next week will be Passover.  I just love Passover.  At my job, I get 4 full days off for this holiday.  And since I am not of the Jewish persuasion, I don't have to go to Shul (Synagogue) or clean out my house, or fast or anything.  Actually, I don't know if you have to fast, but I won't anyway, just to prove a point.  And days off!!!!!!!!!  Rock.  I am going to Boston, yet again, to visit my boy.  I miss him so much these days.  Just need to get there and hold him for a bit.   Last Friday night, Paul and Mariah were at this club and this fucking asshole (which I hope dies very soon) started to harass Mariah about why she wasn't interested.  Well, first clue to him could be that he is fucking ugly, but second clue definitely is that she was at a fucking lesbian bar!!!!  Anyway...the guy is harassing Mariah and Paul asks him (I am SURE politely) to leave her alone cuz she is not interested.  This DICK continues to harass Paul and Mariah for the rest of the time at the club.  So they decide to leave.  As they were walking back to the car, the asshole follows them saying: "I just want to talk and settle this."  Paul says:  "We have settled this, please just leave us alone."  Asshole follows them right to the car and the girls jump in and Paul tries to get into the back seat.  The guy grabs the door to the car and is like: "Get out of the fucking car."  Paul, of course, didn't and when he turned to try to reason with the guy, this fucking ugly stupid mother fucker prick kicks him on the side of his face!!!!!!!   He split Paul's lip and gave him a huge egg near his temple.  :( Then of course, like the real pussy he is, he runs away down the street.  MAN! Had I had been there, or if I EVER see this asshole (I know who he is from past visits to Boston) there is going to be a major...MAJOR problem.  Mariah told me on the phone that she and Paul were so happy that I wasn't there.  Cuz I would have gone fucking ballistic!  I may be small, but I can go crazy like the best of them.  So I am on the hunt for this fuck.  If I ever, EVER see him on a visit, he is fucking dead.  The anger and sadness within me about this situation makes me so fucking insane.  This shit should not happen.  And especially not to such passive and loving people as Mariah and Paul.  So, I need to go to Boston and be with my baby.  Poor thing.  He is so mature and responsible to just walk away.   I am not.  :) ever.   You don't fuck with me and you DEFINITELY don't fuck with the people I love.  Well, you can, but then I find any way that I can to deform you for the rest of your life.  ROAR! So, Paul will be coming back to NYC on the Saturday before Easter.  He and I are going to go to church together and then have a nice Easter dinner.  It is the only holiday that we get to spend with eachother, what with us both having to go home for Christmas and Thankgiving.  I am really excited.  We are going to go to CHURCH together.  I haven't been to church in such a long time.  TOO LONG.  And it will be so wonderful to go with my boyfriend.  (big sigh) Can't wait to see his little ghoulie face!