25 minutes until PIZZA FRIDAYS!  YAY!  I have been so good this week.  Only eating salads during lunch, when what I really wanted was a huge fucking cheeseburger with an even larger portion of french fries.  So the pizza that I will eat after work today will be gone in 30 seconds and I will sit and play with my gut all afternoon with a huge, fat smile on my face.   I have Craig David stuck in my head today.  He's walking around my brain singing in his british accent.  That boy done got a good voice.  Too bad he is fucking ugly.  I guess you can't have everything.   Unless you are Justin Timberlake.  Then you gots it all.  Or maybe you are Jeff Buckley and you got it all, but you are dead.    HALLELUJAH.  (That joke was a play on words) (Did you figure it out?) Speaking of Jeff Buckley, I gotta introduce someone into this bloggle.  His name is Edward and he is just about one of my favorite people on the planet.  I met Edward during my super senior year at college.  We were in the theater department together and were in most classes and productions together.  He first caught my attention when I heard him sing.  The kid has got a voice that could melt the hearts of women and men across the country.  It's powerful, controlled and so rich in volume and tone.  I just love to hear him sing.  Edward also expresses himself in verse.  He is an exceptional poet and I have about 3 poems he wrote me hanging on my wall.  Every time I read them, I get this overwhelming feeling of inspiration.  He is so in tune with his emotions and it comes across fully in his writing.  Edward and I got real close real fast.  We were really only "friends" for 6 months before I left school.  At the time, we both had this fear that once I graduated, he and I would never really see each other or speak again.  This was totally proven untrue as I talk to him about once a week now over the computer.  We don't use the phone much and I have only seen his face once in the last 2 years.  But he is always on my mind.   I love talking to him and I know he feels the same.  I am almost like a big brother figure to him.  I know he looks up to me in a lot of ways.  In turn, I feel as though he is my concious.  He really wants me to quit smoking and he is always saying the right words of encouragement.   Gosh.  I miss him terribly.  It's weird because there are some days when I miss him much more than I should.  I guess, to be honest, I fell for him pretty hard when I was at school.  In fact, if he wasn't straight, I probably would have fallen completely in love with him.  Or at least in lust.  The kid has a body and a look that just gets under my skin.  He's fucking BIG.  And I don't mean the size of his cock.  That is just too much.  I mean, the size of his body.  I like 'em big and Edward is a fucking big boy.  (Fat ass, actually--------------never!)   On his last day in Oswego (Where I went to college), Edward and I said goodbye in his truck.  He cried, I cried, and then we kissed goodbye.  He toys with the idea of homosexuality, but I don't think he will ever let go into it.  And I don't think he is truly gay.  I think that Edward loves people for people and that is one of the qualities that I admire about him most.  I often wonder if we will ever get the chance to see if it would work for us, but I promised myself a long time ago, that I wouldn't get involved with "straight" or "bi-curious" guys ever again.  It is too hard.  I don't mind fucking around with these type of guys.  But Edward is not the fuck around type.  He is someone that could make me lose myself completely - body and soul. He is planning a visit to the city in May.  I am very excited to see him.  To just sit around and have some beers and talk about the old days.  Laugh a bit, hug a bit, and just know that he still does care about me.  And for me to be able to let him know the same thing.  Also, he will surely be bringing his guitar to play and sing a song for me.  Or maybe 3. I adore him and I am proud to call him my friend.  There are few people in this world that have made such a lasting impression on me, and Edward is definitely one of them.  I look forward to what the future will bring the two of us.  I just hope that we are able to share it with eachother.  :)