Right now I am talking to Mariah online.  From what she says, her and Paul got into a massive fight last night.  Paul broke a cactus of hers and I guess she flipped.  Not necessarily because of the cactus, but because of all the stress that is being placed on her right now.  She moves to NYC in 2 1/2 months.  She is so scared.  Just to uproot and do it.  But hey, she needs to and she will accomplish it with flying colors.  I believe in her fully.  So Paul said some stupid shit, as Paul tends to do, and Mariah just broke down and cried.  Poor thing.  I know it is tough on Paul.  But honestly, too bad.  Mariah is the one moving.  Paul has neither the courage nor the motivation to change his station in life.  He is stuck and so shall it be.  But as a true friend, he needs to put his feelings aside and get his girl ready to go.  He needs to stop being a control-freak prick is what he needs.   I get so defensive over Mariah.  Even against my own boyfriend.  It's just that I know how Paul can be and sometimes it is too much.  They will work it out and they will cling to eachother and never be able to let go when Mariah's "move date" comes around.  I love them both dearly and I can't even stand the anticipation of Mariah's arrival in NYC.  Can't stand it. As for me...I am plugging away at work today.  My gums were gushing blood about an hour ago.  Not so much gushing as leaking, I guess.  I used floss and it just tore shit up.  It actually doesn't hurt very much.  Just irritating and horribly discusting.  Back to the dentist I go. Tonight is our "White Trash Adventure".  It should be fun.  Tomorrow is my night alone!  Rock.  Most excited about that.  Sunday is St. Paddy's day drinkfest.  LOL I think every day is St. Paddy's day drinkfest. I started another David Sedaris book today.  As I said previously, I recently finished reading "Me Talk Pretty One Day".  It was absolutely fucking fantastic.  The one I started today is called "Naked".  OMIGOD.  I have only read two chapters, but it is so damn funny, I really don't know what to do with myself.  At one point, I found myself clutching my penis and trying to make the laughter stop.  Ok, that never happened, but maybe it did. Last week, I read MUSE by Michael Cecilione.  There were parts of it that were brilliant.  There were also parts of it that were so fucking dumb that I wanted to take an ax and kill my pyschotic boyfriend.  No, not Paul.  I just gave away the ending to the book.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. Oh...and the lead character is fucking crazy with some sort of mental disorder.   That was the other "hidden suprise".  BWA HA HA HA HA HA Book ruined. Penelope comes back to work on Monday.  Finally.  Gosh, it feels like she has been gone for months and months.  Well, kinda she has.  Life has dealt her a pile of shit lately, but she has somehow managed to make brownies out of it.  Meaning, she has taken a half empty glass and poured some milk in it to make it a full glass.  Or that took a stroll around the park and somehow managed to go full circle. Ok, none of this makes sense, but it feels good to just write nonsense once in awhile.  What I am trying to get at is that she is in such good spirits and doing well. Rita and I had a fantastic time with her last night.  Thanks P! Alright friends...have a great weekend. Love you all. but love me more.