I have to piss so badly right now.  I have been holding it for like 45 minutes.  Have you ever been so not in the mood to piss that you are willing to hold it in until the kidneys just collapse and shrivel?  Well, if not, you don't know what you are missing. I am so hungry today, but I know I must wait until lunch before I eat.  Really trying to cut down on this "Eat all the time" craze I got goin.   Work is so slow today.  Nice and quiet.  But uneventful and boring nonetheless. So last night I am watching the Real World.  Of course.  What else would I be doing on a Tuesday evening at 10pm?  Surely not doing anything but!  Let me just say again how much I love this show.  So damn good.  I sat there thinking how badly I would have wanted to be a part of this cast.  I auditioned (or sent in audition tapes rather) twice to Mary Ellen Bunim and Mr. Jonathan Murray, but they were like: "He is a boring, generic gay man.  We obviously can't cast him."  And I think that it worked out for the best.  I am definitely someone that wanted to be on the Real World because I thought it was such a cool concept.  Not at all because I wanted people to see my habits and weaknesses broadcast over their television.  But the cast that is on now is my favorite.  I would love to chill with them for awhile.  Aneesa especially.  She reminds me a lot of my lesbian friends.  (Which aren't many)  She is not exactly like them persay, as much as she goes through similar things that they go through.  Right Mariah?  And Aneesa talks to her mother on the phone the exact same way that Mariah talks to hers.  It's pretty damn hilarious.  I have to call my dad tonight.  He is all pissed at me because it has been two weeks and I have yet to pick up the phone.  I just don't want to talk!  I love him dearly, it's just that I don't feel like re-hashing some of the things we are going to need to talk about.   Ugh. I am so glad that it is Wednesday.  Two more days to go until the weekend.  So not in the mood to be here right now.