WOW.  I feel great today.  Woke up feeling refreshed and happy.  Very rare that the good mood hits me so early in the morning.  But when it happens, I say: "ROCK!" And I get up and get going.   No.  That is really what happened this morning.  My eyes opened to my alarm.  I screamed out loud: "ROCK!" and then I got my naked ass out of bed.  Weird.  But totally enjoyable. Penelope is out again today.  She is having the WORST time with her teef.  Not her Otis Teef.  Her teef teef.  From what my boss (Speck) says, she is having a wisdom tooth pulled today cuz it is infected.  YIKES!  She must be in so much pain.  It is really not good.  I hope she is holding in there.   So, my little friend Kel-Kel has some anonymous readers.  It feels so good when that happens.  I checked out the sites of her new readers.  They actually are nice looking girls.  Better than my hideous readers.  And I don't mean you Rita or Penelope.  I shall leave the names of my horrifying readers out of this, cuz I want them to come back.  But still...you know who you are. Leaving for Boston in 2 days!  Fucking excited.  I haven't been there in SO long.  I think it has been just about 2 months.  Good for me.   I used to run there every time I had the chance.  But now that I love NYC, it is getting easier to be here every weekend.  In fact, part of me is actually a little depressed to not be going out in the city this weekend.  It is just about my favorite thing to do here.  The gay scene is just BOOMING!  And the guys are not ugly.  Well some are.  But they are my readers. I have to get my haircut today.  Much overdue.  I want to look as good as possible when I go to see Paul.  I want him to ravage me. Just as long as he doesn't stick his fingers in my asshole as hard as last time.  When he gets drunk, he loses all sense of sensuality and becomes this finger sticking maniac.  And then I hurt.   Rita is going to see her boyfriend this weekend too.  I know she is excited.  It will be the first time she has visited Syracuse since she moved.  If I were her, I would be itching to get back to the old stomping grounds for a couple of days.  She will come back to NYC alive and rejuvenated.  She and I both need to get away.  Just so we can take that sigh of relief.  oh and get some dick! I have this account on Yahoo Personals that is sort of like, well...um....a personal.  I have gotten 5 replies so far.  The first one...HOT MOTHA FUCKING HOT.  But I felt like he was lying about his pic.  It was like this really perfect, straight out of    Musclemag  pic.  Fuck that shit.  The next couple were fucking discusting pictures of these guys with their dicks in their hands.   Then today, I get this email from this guy named Dean.   Dean seemed so cool in his message.  Really sweet.  But "bi-curious".  You know what we gays think about bi-curious... BLECH! But he has this link to his webpage in the email, and I figure, why not just check it out and see if he is my type.   As I sat here and looked at the picture, I thought to myself, well he IS really cute.  A little too thin for me, but great tatoo and nice cuts.  (meaning abs and the such)  (I don't usually go for cuts as much as I go for mass, but he peaked my curiousity) There was a link to more pictures of Dean on his webpage.  I am thinking "Nice...let's see if I really find this kid attractive afterall."  So I click on the link and to my HORROR, he is standing naked in a pool with his dick peeking out of the water.  It was so little and I GASPED!  Next thing I know, my boss comes booming out of his office and I QUICKLY minimize the pic with my heart pounding out of my chest.  OMIGOD!  What is wrong with this Dean kid?  He almost got my ass in trouble.  Or maybe I almost got my ass in trouble.  Or maybe my ass likes being in trouble. And lastly...why would you choose a picture that involves your dick literally peeking out of a pool?   Ok anyway...Dean, Dean, little penis Dean.  GO AWAY! So that was the excitement of my morning.  Now I guess I should go fill the fax machine with paper since it has been beeping incessantly since I started this entry.  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!