Welcome to another week.  Shit.  Fucking hate Mondays.  I think I make a comment about that every Monday.  But each Monday the pain is still there and I just don't know how to go on with my daily ramblings until I call it out.   This weekend, Rita's friend Jill came down for a one night visit.  She is an absolute darling and has such an upbeat, crazy sense of humor.  It was nice to spend time with her and to get a glimpse of the kind of people Rita makes friends with.  We sat around and played cards all night with Kelly.  It was a great evening.  Nice and low key.  Somehow I still managed to find a way to get trashed.  Ah.  The joy of living in NYC.  Everything we do involves getting trashed.   This week makes me happy.  I get off at 1pm on Thursday and I took all of Friday off.  I will be going to Boston for Mariah's birthday.  I am so excited to spend some time with her.  She is by far, my favorite friend that doesn't live in NYC.  She is constant jokes and laughter.  We sing together, we cry together, she is my other half.  During my last few visits to Boston, Mariah and I haven't had the luxury of being together just the two of us.  I have spent most of the time with Paul for one reason or another.  This time, however, I am in it to win it.  (okay, that didn't make sense, but I wanted to use that saying so badly) I am sure we will go out each night that I am there.  The afternoons will be filled with pot smoking, food eating, and movie watching.  It's like my own little mini-break and I am damn excited.  I am sure on Friday I will go over to where Mariah is a nanny and play with the baby.  I just love that little bitch.  (Mariah and I used to call her the "bitch of a baby".) And on top of all this, I will be with Paul as well.  He left an absolutely adorable message on my answering machine yesterday.  I couldn't even erase it, cuz it was just so cute.  And he text me today at work.  He is making the effort and I love him for that.  He really is trying.  Oh.  It will feel so good to lay in bed with him this weekend.  To be held.  Kissed.  Sucked.  Ahhhh..... I love him today.