So I have taken Rita's advice and have now installed Launch Music Experience on my computer.  And what an experience it is!  I can hear all my favorite songs all day at work.  I have had the system running for almost 5 hours now and I haven't heard any repeats!  Not that I would mind...these are all my favorite songs.  What a great idea Rita.  Thanks! Paul is in surgery right now.  I have been really stressed and upset about it all day.  I really don't like being here while he is there doing this.  I am sure everything will go smoothly.  I have been praying all day.  It's just that I have yet to find the peace in my prayer and I don't know why.  Maybe it's not my peace to have.   Stomach clenched in knots. I will feel better once I get home and make preparations for my visit tomorrow.  I just have to get there and make sure he is ok for myself.  Nightswimming  is playing!   Penelope is out of work today at an interview.  She used the old "My aunt died" lie and got to miss out today, free of charge.  Nice move P!  I have been wondering how it went for her.  Imagine if she quit???  I don't know what I would do.  Would I get a new partner in crime up front?  Do I have a say in who they hire?  I am sure not.  What if they are some old, raging asshole.  I want nothing to do with raging assholes.  Well, actually, if they are...I will make them answer the phones, fix the copier, and do all my other bitch work.  And they will always get the 1pm lunch!    Standing Still  by Jewel is on now.   What else?  What else?   I guess nothing. Work has been crazy for me today.  Real busy.  Trying to get everything done so that I can go to Boston tomorrow night with no worries.  Been busting my ass today.  These announcements are fucking irritating when you can't wait until the day before to do them.  And I am sure that my boss will change it all.   Very excited about that. Alright...it is starting to rain and I am really hoping that it turns into a full fledge storm by the time I go home.  I have no umbrella and I am not wearing a heavy jacket, so I hope to go home freezing cold and wet.  One can only hope!!!