Lisa Lopes (1971-2002)  I was shocked and really upset to find out that Lisa Lopes, of TLC fame, was killed last Thursday night.  It seems to me that there have been quite a few shocking deaths in the celebrity world these days.  Of all of the celebrity deaths that I have experienced in my life, this one has hit me the hardest.  Aaliyah's death was quite shocking as well, but I didn't listen to her music that much so I wasn't as personally affected.   Lisa Lopes  and I go back for years.  I was a HUGE fan of  CrazySexyCool   and an even bigger fan of  FanMail  .  Both CD's were in massive rotation in my stereo for quite some time.  Their beats, their voices, and their overall package was something that I not only appreciated, but admired as well.  TLC is a group that was fun, cutting edge, and strong as fuck.  They went through bankruptcy, media chaos, and personal tragedy and somehow STILL managed to remain as a group.  My personal favorite member is T-Boz.  AKA Tionne Watkins.  But without Lisa's rap portion of their songs, the group loses that overall package that took years to fine tune.   I am sad.  I don't know why I care so much.  But I definitely do.  I was eagerly awaiting their next album and was also upset to find out that they were in the middle of recording it, to be released at the end of the year.  Hopefully they will still finish it up.  I will be one of the first to own it. Life is so unpredictable.  Why did Lisa die?  Yes, she was a very reckless, crazy individual.  But so is half of the industry.  TLC debuted in 1992 with their first album.  You remember the songs: "What about our friends" and "Baby baby baby".  It has only been a decade since they have been around.  A decade?  I was sure they were around for much longer than that.   Last night I watched a memoriam special on TLC.  I saw some old videos, old interviews.  TLC has won 4 Grammy's.  Including Best R & B Album for both CrazySexy and Fanmail.  Good for them, right? I am still just so confused by this whole thing.  I am disappointed because I was still looking forward to seeing them in concert at some point.  This will never happen now.  And what if Tionne and Chilly try to replace Left Eye?  It couldn't happen.  It shouldn't happen.  And I don't think it will happen. TLC is done now.  Another representation as to how unfortunate and scary life is.  And just another milestone as to how much older I am getting.   I hope no one ever dies again.