Thank God it is Friday.  I just wish that I had a moment to breathe this weekend, but that ain't gonna happen.  I think that when Monday night comes, I will collapse and die for a day or two.  It has been a fucking mad house lately.  I don't remember the last time I had a clear head or a full night's rest.  Seems like days ago. Paul being here is a wonderful thing, but for some reason I am having a bit of a hard time relaxing around him.  I have clenched stomach and anxiety like you wouldn't believe.  It will come and go, but it isn't relaxing whatsoever.  I don't want him to leave, but I want to just find a way to calm down.  I don't know.  It's weird. Yesterday after work, Paul met me and we went down to Chelsea to go to Happy Hour at the  XL Lounge .  It was one of the most beautiful bars I have ever been in.  It was amazing.  From the architecture and video screens to the gigantic aquarium by the most private and comfortable bathrooms, I felt like I was in gay heaven.  It was wonderful and I definitley can't wait to go back.  Plus...during happy hour, it was two for one drinks. On everything!  Andrew drank dirty martinis and I drank stoli vanilla.  And each round was 7 bucks.  Great times.  Great times. After that, we took a walk to Chelsea piers and looked at the boats, the Jersey skyline, and smoked a quick J.  We were laughing our fucking asses off.  It was great.  After this adventure, we ended up at this bar/lounge called  Open .  It was this really cute little bar on 16th street and 12th, or something very close to that.  I think the place was new because the empolyees didn't seem to know the business very well.  But they were sweethearts and ended up giving us half our drinks for free.  What a night!   Paul got a salmon plate and I almost puked.  It was raw salmon, served like pate'.  It came with little pieces of toast and a rammy-kin of sour cream.  He loved it.  I couldn't even watch him put it in his mouth.  Good times.  Good times. By the time he finished his Sangria and Toasted Almond, we got in a cab and headed home.  I didn't have much to drink at all last night.  That's strange.  I just wasn't in the mood.   When Paul and I got home, we had hot sex again!  We were going to just try to go to sleep, but I couldn't keep my hands off of him.  So...I got my way and he loved it.  I suck a mean dick.  We talked and laughed all night.  Because of this, I really don't understand why I would feel so anxious around him these days.  We are having a blast!  I am sure it has something to do with us not talking at all for the month before the visit...but hmph.  Optimistically, I am looking at this strange turn of events as no big deal.  I will be with him from Wednesday night to Sunday night.  I am sure we will settle in again by then.  We better...cuz I will be taking care of him as though he were my little baby. Tonight Jessica rolls into town.  Gonna be some fun and exhaustion headed our way.  Mariah will be here on Sunday.   Just got to get to Monday.   Just gotta. Just.... {{ack}}