Well, hello!   Paul came in a day early yesterday.  He calls me on the phone at like 4:30pm and says: "I don't think that I will be coming to visit anymore.  My manager got fired and I need to stay to help make the transition go more smoothly."  Feeling my life crumble before me, I packed up and got ready to leave work.  I was pretty disappointed.  When I walked out the front door, there was my studly liar of a boyfriend waiting for me.  Man!  He is just so adorable.  I mean, does he always have to upset me just to make me happy again?  This pattern of him calling and saying that he isn't coming, but then coming has to stop at some point.  But if it means that I will get him for an extra day each time, then please Paul...hurt my feelings everyday! We went grocery shopping when I got home.  Then we made a GIGANTOR taco salad.  We ate, laughed, watched  Single White Female  and went to bed at a decent hour for once.  Well, 1am is not a decent hour for someone who was hungover all day yesterday.  But I do feel much better today. He is meeting me after work today to go to a nice dinner and then on to some drinks.  I have already given him the warning that we will need to be home at a NORMAL time tonight.  No 2-3am evening.  I think he understood, but we will see... He looks good, by the way.  He is getting some nice pecs on him.  I was very turned on by him yesterday.  So turned on in fact, that I started to get the butterflies pretty intensely and couldn't even lay next to him at first.  But then we had some amazing hook-up sex.  No penetration still folks.  But it was great.  It was hot. Some bad news...Paul informed me that, next Tuesday, he will be going to the hospital for emergency spine surgery.  He has a polynoital cyst at the base of his spine, tailbone region.  About 6 years ago, he had the first cyst removed, but since then, the hole at his lower back has opened up drastically and the new abcess that has formed is about double the size.  It bleeds, it is very painful, and it needs to be taken care of right away.  There are a few complications with the surgery and I am pretty nervous about the whole thing.  He tries to be tough about it, but we spoke last night pretty in-depthly about it and I can tell how scared he really is.  Unfortunately, once the surgery is over, it will be about a week before he can do the simple things again.  Simple things means refraining from standing, walking, sitting on the toilet, taking a shower, any sort of physical exercise.  I am leaving work next Wednesday at 5pm to go to Boston.  He needs me there to take care of him and I wouldn't have it any other way.  He is mine and he deserves my love and attention.  Poor kid.   It couldn't have happened at a better time though.  I have already cleared the time off with my boss.  He has been so incredible lately.  He agreed to take the time I use from my "sick" days and not from my vacation time.  That's pretty great.  I have about 15 days of sick time built up and only about a week and a half of vacation time left.  Not only has he cleared the time for me, but he has done it in the way that benefits me most.  Phew. I guess that's the biggest shit I got going right now.  It is already 10:35am.  The day is flying so far.  Please let that keep up!