OMIGOD.  I am dying.  After a night of craziness and booze, I sit here barely able to keep my eyes open.  What happened? I meant to go out and have a simple, inexpensive dinner.  Next thing I know, and $120 later, I am home in bed at 1am.  Or something like that.  I don't even fully remember.  I was very drunk.  Usually I don't get hungover.  And actually I don't have your typical hangover symptoms.  No headache, just a little nausea at this point.  But the "over" part of the word hangover is definitely how I feel.  I am just done.  I am not pulling out of the fog any time soon.  Most times, I am usually fine by like 11am or 12pm.  But today...oh man...I just can't wait to get home and go to bed.  And I mean real bed.  No staying up to watch movies or to putt around.  Just time to get naked and get in bed.  And the best part about going to bed early is that when I wake up...PAUL WILL BE COMING!  I feel like I have waited for this moment for a lifetime.  And it is almost here!  I just had a moment of complete and utter love for him.   Udder. That shit is sick. Last night at the bar, I was chilling with Angie, Kelly, Rita, and Angie's roommate fuck face.  Remember how I was dreading seeing fuck face?  Well, because he was so cool and relaxed last night, he will now be given a real name.  His name from this point on will be Jennifer.  Hey.  It's a step.  If I hang with him again and it is just as cool, he will be given a more respectable name.  But for now, Jennifer seems like the appropriate way to go.  He was great last night.  He was cool, comfortable, and he even looked good for once.  I enjoyed being in his presence and that was kind of a shock. Angie was adorable last night.  I think she had a really nice time.  It felt so good to be her friend and to be there supporting her.  She loved the present that Paul and I got her.  Her smile glowed last night and it warmed my heart.  I just love her. Kelly was in a great mood last night too.  It is so rare that she gets to let go and not be in rehearsal or memorizing lines or going to class or going to work or etc etc etc.  I can't remember the last time that the 5 of us all hang out.  I don't think it has happened since like January.  Gosh.  I really enjoyed myself. BUT...at the end of the night...Rita and I had a major argument explosion.  I sit here and literally LOL right now thinking back on it.  We were like screaming at eachother with no regard to anyone else in the bar.  It's funny how anger can totally eliminate any sort of self-conciousness.  At the peak of our screaming match, Rita gets up, grabs her shit, and bolts from the bar.  I immediately grab my shit, say goodbye, and then run out of the bar after her.  There was no way I was going to let her go home alone, in the state of mind that she was in.  So picture this...Rita doing her DAMNDEST to run away from me....me changing directions every time she did and trying MY damndest to catch up with her.  Then the funniest part is that she is yelling at me, I am calling her names like: "Stupid fucking bitch", "dumb idiot", we are screaming at eachother so loud that the people on the street think that I am kicking the shit out of her.  Rita told me that at one point some guy gave her a sly look that said: "should I help you in this situation?"   OH MAN!  Were we really those people last night??? When we finally got in the cab, we had some time to cool down.  I held onto her like she was my little baby.  A cry baby! SIKE!   After we got home, we immediately went into my room to discuss what happened.  Of course I am not going to get into the details of the argument, that is unimportant.  What I will say is that all of this drama was based on a simple comment that was misinterpreted on Sunday.  For two days, we stewed over a low flame.  I think we both thought that it was squashed.  Then the next thing we realize, shit just came POURING out!  How random.  I felt like she and I were in a relationship.  What with me running down the street after her and all of the extreme emotions that came out.  It was all very romantic.   I just hope Angie didn't feel put out at all.  I don't see why she would, but I just hope she didn't. So now...here I sit, quietly suffering. Thanks to Kelly for remembering the name "Selma Blair".  She is so good! I think I may be starting to feel better now.  For real??? I just love my immune system.  Saves my alcoholic ass every time.