Shit day.  The weather is not fun.  Everyone I know is either stuffed up or walking around with an excruciating sinus headache.  I woke up today and felt like my head was in a vice.  I came in about 2 hours late.  I just needed that extra sleep.  And it truly helped.  The idea of staying home all day was blasting in my head, but since I will probably take off Friday, I had to try to drag my ass into the building today.  I am glad I came.  Makes it easier to bail later in the week. What else what else?  I had such an incredible weekend.  My parents came in to town on Saturday.  My granny came with them to see my apartment and to catch a mid-afternoon viewing of  The Producers  on Broadway.  I was dreading seeing the show and then was unexpectedly suprised to find out that the show is just about the best.  There actually IS a reason why this show won almost all the Tony's this year.  It is done in traditional musical style, but the humor is never ending, cutting edge, and totally hysterical.  The play focuses on gay/Jewish themes.  Not Gay-Jewish.  But Gay and Jewish.  Man.  It was just so impressive.  It is so hard to explain.  But if you miss this show...you are missing a great one! Saturday night I hung out with Penelope until like 1am.  Then I went home and hung out with Kelly until about 3am.  Then Angie came over and I hung out with her until about 6am.  It was a great night, but damn...who was I kidding?  I was up for almost 24 hours on Saturday.  It's great to have those nights once in awhile. There is a really hot student in the office today.  He isn't really my type, but I can't stop sweating him. Tomorrow is Angie's birthday.  We will be taking her out to dinner and unfortunately, her roommate fuck face will have to be present.  I just have to suck it up and be as nice as I can.  I just hope he acts normal and not like a little prissy bitch.  Eh.  He will be a bitch.  But it will be tolerable.   Paul will be coming into town on Thursday and staying until Saturday morning.  FINALLY!  It seems like it has been such a long stretch since the last visit.  Just about 4 weeks.  We have gone longer, but this time...we have barely talked.  I hate when that happens.  Whenever we go through these stints, seeing eachther again, after such a long time, is fucking weird.  It's like we don't even know eachother anymore.  So, I am excited, but also anxious as well. My mom was amazing this weekend.  Just want to say again how much she and my dad mean to me.  I couldn't ask for a better family.  I really wished they lived just a bit closer so that I could see them more.  :( Penelope is home with a horrible neck ache.  She came in this morning, but she pulled something.  Poor thing.  I don't think there is much worse than having a neck problem.  One time, when I was in 7th grade, I got a stiff neck from sleeping wrong.  The entire left side of my neck was rock solid and crooked for about 2 weeks.  It was the worst pain.  And I looked like I needed a V-8!  Remember those commercials?  Well, it was exactly what I looked like.  So poor P.  She is home and in pain.  :( Fucking can't wait to leave work today.  Every time the phone rings, I consider answering it fuck off.  That prolly wouldn't go over too well.   I saw the movie K-PAX last night.  If you are looking for a shit movie, with a shit concept, and shit shock value...go rent this right away.  Kevin Spacey was fine in it.  Nothing special.  But even he couldn't have pulled off such a weak film.  Why did he do it anyway? Alright...Talk soon folks!