Hello folks!  Today is so warm and beautiful!  I LVOE it so much!  Unfortunately, the sun has gone behind the clouds and now I don't think I am going to get much color today.  Fuck!  I was really looking forward to baking my skin to death.   I spoke with Mariah today.  YAY!  It was a great talk.  She is hastily making preparations to move here June 1!  Oh man...I can't WAIT to see her on a regular basis.  She said some interesting things, but the most important thing she said was: "Paul is looking for a new roommate".  He has posted his ad on the internet and has really only heard back from these two scary Asian boys.  And as we all know...Asians eat their own puke.  He doesn't want to live with either of these guys, so he is still on the hunt.  Also, Mariah told me that if Paul doesn't find a roommate in time, he is going to have to move.  Maybe even to Alston, Massachussettes.  Now, for those of you who don't know Boston very well, Alston is about 20 minutes from the HEART of the city.  It is where Kelly and I lived when we first moved there.  It's a fine area, but right now he lives in one of the best and most expensive parts of the whole city.  Moving to Alston from Downtown Boston is like living in Manhattan and then moving to Queens.  It sucks!   I said to her: "If Paul is going to move to Alston, why wouldn't he just move to NYC?"  I know he loves Boston, but the thing he loves the most is his apartment.  I can't make an arguement good enough for him to move out of his current apartment, but I could DEFINITELY make quite an arguement for him to move out of Alston.   I hate this shit.  Why won't the kid just fucking move already???  What does he have there???  NOTHING! It is the most frustrating and annoying thing that he and I deal with.   He called me at work, shortly after I got off the phone with Mariah.  I was very brisk with him, as I have been for the past two weeks.  NOTE TO BOYFRIEND----I won't be brisk with you if you ever picked up the fucking phone and called me!  Douchebag. We spoke for 35 seconds and then I said "Gotta go back to work".  He was noticably upset, but whatever.  As soon as I got off the phone with him, I sent him the following text message over his phone: "Sorry if I was quick on the phone.  You need to call me soon.  We have a few things we need to discuss." Of course it is now over an hour later and regardless of the curiousity he must have, it hasn't pushed him into calling me back. Fine.   Next weekend, Mariah is coming to NYC!  ROCK!  I will have to talk to her again to understand who she is coming to visit, the details, etc.  I think she may be spending the whole weekend with her friend Rachel.  They have MASSIVE amounts of work to do to prepare for Mariah's big move.  So I don't know if we will even get a chance to spend much time with her.  :( I am fighting the urge I have to go to Boston next weekend.  It's just that no matter how frustrated and upset I get with Paul, I still want to be with him and to hold him.  ARGH!  So I don't know what to do.  I don't want to go to Boston if Mariah is here in NYC...cuz that would be just ridiculous!  Man...who knows what the hell is going on these days. Rita and I just ran upstairs to sample some food that was leftover from this meeting.  The food was DIS-FUCKING-GUSTING! I did steal a soda to bring home though.  And it is a STEWARTS BRAND SODA!  Memble STEWARTS KELLY?  I just love those folks over there.  They make some damn good soda and ice cream too.  Back in Albany, there is a Stewarts on every corner.  They are always brown and in the shape of a little house.  However, the one right by my house in Albany is white and shaped like a peanut.   Ok...not a peanut...but not a little house either. On lunch today, I am going to fight for a woman's right to fight in combat and also for her right to kill her babies.  That way I can be the best feminist around.  Really...whatever I can do to improve my score.  Die babies.  Die. Ever had to shit so bad you could taste it?   Ever had to shit so bad you could taste it, but then nothing will come out?  I hate it.  That is how I feel right now. Maybe I should go try to "Push" for awhile. Peayce.