Don't you hate those weekends that go by so quickly, it is like it never happened in the first place?  I mean, don't get me wrong, I love having busy weekends...but the trade off...is really no time to just sit on your ass and do nothing.  I truly value my "do nothing" time.  Too much so.  That is why I am turning into an unmotivated asshole that doesn't even like getting up to go to the bathroom, cuz it's just "too hard".  Goodness. My visit with my mom was wonderful.  I knew it would be.   I showed up at her hotel, in Hicksville, Long Island at 5:50pm on Saturday.  I proceeded to sit on a bench and wait for her until 7pm.  Then I went to the car and sat and played this little hand held Yahtzee game until 8pm.  (The reason I was waiting is because she was shopping and told me that she may be running a few minutes late, but that she would meet me at the front of the hotel.  Well, at 8:15pm I go to the front desk of the hotel and ask them if they would just buzz her room so I could leave a message.  They say fine.  I call and lo and behold my mom answers and is like: "Where are you?"  I'm like: "Where are you????" She comes to the lobby and we both hysterically laugh over the fact that I have been waiting for 2 hours worrying my ass off.  I asked her: "Why didn't you just come to the lobby and check to see if I was here and lost or something."  She goes: "I was watching a movie."   LORD! So, we went and got gyros...then we had some wine together and smoked a bowl.  She didn't want to smoke in the room at first, but me and my whily ways talked her into it in 10 minutes flat.  We talked for hours and finally settled in to watch "Joyride" at 12:30am.  This is now like the 3rd time I have seen this movie.  It just gets better every time.  WINKLES~~ Talking to my mom was wonderful.  My parents are being so supportive about the whole Paul thing.  My mom asked me a million questions about him this weekend.  She told me a lot of personal stuff.  We shared, we laughed, and I just fell in love with her all over again. On Sunday, we went tanning, shopping, had lunch and just talked a whole lot more.  She bought me a new outfit for the big dinner coming up at work.  She spent an astronomical amount of money on me this weekend.  I can't believe her generosity.  She is so good to me.  GOD>>>>>>>>>>>I just LOVE this woman.  She is everything to me.  EVERYTHING. The ride home from the Island took me 35 minutes.  That included filling the car with gas.  UM!  The quickest trip ever!  It was so easy. Next Saturday, my parents are coming down with my Granny and we are all going to lunch and then on to a performance of    The Producers .  I wasn't looking forward to seeing this show at all, but now I kind of am.  Being with my family is the best part, but seeing a show, which I can be proud to say I have seen, is a close second.  It will probably not be as good with out Matthew or Nathan, but to be honest...they weren't that much of an attraction for me anyway.  To be brutally honest...the show seems kind of dumb.  But I will report on it next Monday. Rita and I have this friend named Jessica.  She is coming to visit this weekend.  She kind of invited herself down for the weekend, in usual Jessica fashion.  She actually tricked Rita into inviting her.   Jessica wrote me about a week ago saying that she desperately needed to come to NYC.  She needed to escape from Utica for a weekend and just get away from a lot of things that were going on in her life.  She wanted to come down either last weekend or this up-coming one.  I said no to both weekends, cuz I knew that I wouldn't be around.  "How about May?" I asked her.   Next thing I know, she goes to Rita and says: "I DESPERATELY need to get out of Utica.  Can I come down for the weekend?"  Rita was like: "Sure what is going on????"  Rita was rather worried.   Jessica goes: "Oh, nothing.  Just sick of grading papers and dealing with the kids (in her class)." TRICKY BITCH that one is!  Whatever.  And she is bringing her boyfriend Ryan, who is a nice guy, but straight out of Creepsville. Rita and I swear that he wants to suck both of our dicks, but who knows... So Jessica will be coming for the weekend.  I told Reets that I am kind of excited to see her.  Haven't seen the girl since Rockin New Year's Eve.  She is fun.  We laugh alot and deep down, she is a wonderful girl.  Whatever problems Rita and I have with her don't stand up to the fact that Jessica is one of our best peeps from way back.  WAY back.  Sometimes Rita wants to smack Jessica.  Most of the times, I just want to take back the pot that she steals from me.  Speaking of which...lordy.  I gotta get a bag for when she comes down this weekend.  UGH!  Can she ever just bring some???  She will bring some, but it will be a nugget the size of a pea and I am sure she will smoke it before she even gets to NYC.  But oh yeah...I am really excited to see her. Kelly will be around this weekend, so she will be able to hang too.  Kelly and Jessica are friends from way back as well.  Jessica is the first person that Kelly got to know in 56B.  I remember Kelly and Jessica being something called: "Sugar Twins" or some shit.  They were busom buddies for a while.  It will be nice for them to see eachother again. I saw Angie yesterday for a bit.  She looks great.  Her hair looks good, she had some color in her cheeks.  It was funny, Rita and I were just about to go rent a movie and we ran into Angie on the porch.  In the middle of Rita and Angie's talk, I interupt and say: "Sorry to cut this short, but we gotta go."  Angie is like "Doh?...Okay".  Rita, being the perfect partner in crime, doesn't question me...she just turns and goes.  Once we get down the steps to our house, she turns and realizes why we had to bolt.  Coming down the street, with two of his FUGLY friends is Angie's roommate FUCK FACE.  It was the first run in that I have really had with him.  We didn't say hi or nuttin.  We just walked right away and drove to Blockbuster.  Well, actually we brought the wrong keys to the car, so we had to wait for FUCK FACE to go back inside and then we had to get the other key.  Whoops. It was funny.   We have this ACCREDITATION TEAM at work today analyzing our validity as a Jewish Organization.  It's more complicated than that...but I can't get into it without fully revealing where I work.  In any case, this ACCREDITATION TEAM has to meet with each of us for 15 minutes to discuss our job descriptions.  I am DREADING it.  Why?  It will be totally painless and I know it, but every time I think of it, I get a pang of annoyance in my gut.   Gut.  Can I not have one anymore?  Back to salads and yogurt.  :( Just about time for a smoke.  PHEW!  Not going crazy cuz I need one, but sometimes it just feels real good to burn your throat out some more.   And it tastes like corn.  Jessica Corn.   Last night before going to sleep, I watched  Hannibal .  Memble Hannible?  The sequel to  Silence of the Lambs .  There were two scenes in it that made me squirm so badly I almost ripped my face off with a piece of glass.  Oh no.  That is a scene from the movie.  BARF.  I really sat clutching my face during two parts.  The movie, as a whole, aint all that great, but gory as fuck?  Yes sir!  Julianne Moore, whom I usually love, plays the same character, Clarise Starling, that Jodi Foster played in the original.  Umm....memo to Julianne....don't do that again.   So see it if you want.   Rita and I watched  The Amityville Horror  before retiring to out respective rooms.  We thought Kelly was going to be home and thought it to be a nice family movie...but she had rehearsal late.  The movie was so ridiculous at times, but so scary at times too.  Watch it to laugh.  Oh.  And also to cry.  I will tell you one thing..."Get OUT!"  (You will know if you see it) Alright...peayce!  Be back later.