Well, I just woke up and had phone sex.  That is always a good start to any Saturday.   It's funny, cuz I do the phone sex thing once in awhile...NEVER paying for it...just talking to guys I meet in the appropriate chat rooms....and sometimes it turns out great and sometimes I want to die laughing. Today for example...I met this huge beast of a man.  We have some hot cyber chat and then I ask him if he "does phone".  He says "Sure".  I call him up and the most flaming gay man answers.  Not THAT flaming, but too flaming for him to be some world reknowned bodybuilder.  In any case, I choke back the laughter and still finish with him.  LOLOL.  After I was done, I go: "Thanks Mike.  See you round".  And click off.  He was like: "Uh?"   Now on with my day... I'm leaving in a couple of hours to go see my mom on Long Island.  I have to shower and eat something.  I am looking forward to seeing the mother.  It should be fun.  We will get a chance to talk and tomorrow, she is supposed to take me to the mall to get something to wear for the big dinner coming up at work.  I have nothing in my closet tha is even close to acceptable.  Well, I could wear a wife beater.  I surely have enough of those. The cat has been licking his vagina for like an hour now.   ewe. Short entries for the last two days, but I really have nothing to say.  I like to check iñ (do you see how that "n" has a little thing on it?  Sometimes when I type on Rita's computer, my fingers must hit some shift button, cuz all these crazy letters come up.  Sort of like wingdings, but maybe even hieroglyphics of some sort). It's a beautiful day.  This morning I happened to catch a bit of the weather channel and it said that on Wednesday, it is going to be 82 degrees in NYC.  80 fucking 2 degrees in April?  Um?  That shit is fucked up. Phone's ringing... The African's upstairs are once again destroying their own apartment.  What the fuck do they DO up there? I swear, one of these days, one of their little black bodies is going to come crashing through the roof and end up on our kitchen table.   Alright...peayce.