One more hour until Rita and I get to go home and play on the roof.  YAYAYAYAYAY!  Having the roof makes the world such a better place.   So about an hour ago...I answer the phone and this is the conversation that happens: Me:  Shalom Hillel. Mysterious Voice:  Yeah...um...I need to speak to As*a Vai**m*n. (I hide her identity to protect her from harm) Me:  I can't give you her phone number, but I can transfer you to her extension. MV:  Thanks. I transfer him and about 4 minutes later the phone rings again... Me:  Shalom Hillel Mysterious Voice:  Hi.  You just transferred me to an extension that is not for As*a Vasi**m*n. Me:  Oh.  I transferred you to the number on my contact sheet.  I don't know why it didn't work. MV:  Why don't you give me the number and I will call her myself. Me:  Maybe I should ask who is calling. MV:  This is Brian Dennehey. Me:  (BRIAN FUCKING DENNEHEY????  UM!!!) Brian:  (waiting patiently) Me:  Ok...I will give you the number and hold for a minute and I will see if I have a second number. B:  Sure. (I rifle through the Columbia Database trying to find this girl's number)(It takes me forever, but I locate it) Me:  Hi Brian.  The number is: shumma shum shum, shumma shum shum. B:  Thanks.  Have a great day. Me:  You too!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  (my heart is all a flutter at this point) -----end scene----- I mean...I have lived in NYC for over a year now and the only famous thing I have seen is the back of Natalie Portman's head.  But today I spoke with THE Brian Dennehey.  Oh man.  Ask Penelope...I was so nervous and really tried to rush off the phone as quick as possible.  I don't know what to do in the presence of royalty.  He's fucking Willy Lowman from  Death of a Salesman  for God's sakes.   Today has flown by.  I am ready to bust out of here.  I got a lot of work done today, a lot of play done today, and I had a fucking awesome lunch.  Grilled Cz and fries at Tom's Restaurant.  You know Tom's right?  The outside is the home of the Seinfeld diner.   Rita had split pea soup and a bagel.  I tried her soup, convinced that I would hate it and I loved it!  (The bagel looked pretty exceptional as well) I figure...if I like lentil soup, I must like split pea, huh? Okay...I am so going now.  If I reduce these entries to the food consumed by me every day, someone smack me in the mouth and call me a fag.