I have to tell one really quick story called:  " How Joe saved himself from the destruction of all things blog-like ".   Earlier this afternoon...let's say around 12:30pm, I decided to add some really cool things to my blogger.  I copied and pasted java script into my template and was getting increasingly more impressed with myself at how fast I was learning how to read the lingo.  I was adding things left and right and my smile was growing bigger and bigger. Then, out of no where, my page FUCKS itself up.  Actually I fucked it up cuz I thought I was more talented than I really am.  The part  of my page that has the ARCHIVE listing stretched itself so wide that it covered my entire page.  All text was lost and I flipped the fuck out.  I started screaming for Rita to come and save my ass.  She was busy and not in the mood for my ridiculousness.  Especially since she was working real hard today and I was playing for hours.  She came out to help me fix my template and said the words of doom: "Joe, I really don't think I know how to fix it."  My heart sank and I was convinced that I ruined my blogger.  I was crushed.   I say to Rita, in my emotional outburst, that "if I don't fix this, I am never writing in a journal like this again!"   Rita and I leave for lunch.  She buys me a nice meal at the West End and tells me not to panic, that she will fix it later on in the evening.  I try to put it out of my mind for the duration of the lunch, but I was still so miserable.  How could I fuck up my entire BLOGGLE?  (Bloggle is my pet name for Blogger) We get back for lunch and I immediately go to town on trying to solve the problem.  I open a whole new blogger and try to compare the two templates.  It took me about an hour and a half to sort through the chaos that I caused.   Suddenly, out of the abyss of all things amazing, my blogger is fixed!  A yelp of joy escapes my throat and I run to Rita to explain that, with God's help, I have become the Java Script genius.  Little does anyone know, but I sold my first born baby to the devil for the site to fix itself.  Goodbye my child.  Goodbye.   Hell, it was worth it. So, my page was fixed and I thought: "Do I DARE go back in and try to add the links back into my site?"  "What if I totally fuck it up again?"  I decided to give it a go.   AND MY SITE LOOKS BEAUTIFUL.  I am so happy.  It made the whole day worth it and gave me a feeling of accomplishment like I have never known.   I am really starting to get this whole java script/html thing.  Slowly...very slowly...but surely...very surely. So please, feel free to sign my guest book.  Also feel free to answer the mini-poll.  I will change the question as often as I can.  Thank you Lord for saving my ghoulie.  I would have been so sad if I lost all my hard work.