Well that was quick.  I caught up with my work real fast today.  I mean, let's not get our hopes up.  I am sure that 37 projects will find their way to my desk by noon, but at least for now I am free. Sorta hungry.  But must wait until lunch.  I find that my stomach can hold about 17 pounds of food these days.  I can sit and eat a 3 course meal and still walk away with hunger pangs.  What is the deal?  I must have stretched my stums so big that now I can have a baby.  And really that is all I ever wanted.  A baby that I can use to clean my room, wash my clothes, and give me massages.  Oh the life of having a baby.   Oh yes folks...tonight is The Real World.  Oh yes. Tonight, Chris the fag pinches Kara on her love handles and she bugs.  He is a stupid fuck.  I will kill his alcoholic ass if he tells anyone that they are "shameful" tonight. Hmmmm...........still hungry.  Cept now I gotta piss too. This weekend, I am going to spend the night in Long Island with my motha.  No my real motha.  Not my motha fucka.  He will be in Boston this weekend.  Alone.  My mom is on business for all of this week.  This will be the third time I have visited her during her stay on the Island.  We always do the same thing.  Saturday night, we will drink some wine together and talk.  Then we usually watch a movie and eat some food.  This time the movie will be "Joyride", I think.  I know she will love it.  Last year we watched "Requiem for a Dream" and she LVOED it.  I hope she lvoes "Joyride" as well.   On Sunday, she makes me trek my ass to TJ MAXX and buys me some clothes.  She just loves TJ MAXX.  I kind of hate it and I usually end up only getting clothes for work.  Sometimes you can find something cool, but most of the time it is tapered pants with pleats.  Secretly I think she only invites me so that she has someone to make the 3 mile walk with.  Last year we got so lost on the walk that it took about 2 hours to get back to the hotel.  It was excruciating.  But being with my mom is one of my absolute favorite things to do in the world, so it was totally worth it.  I am actually really excited to spend some time with just her.  She and I haven't chilled together in a while and I miss it.   Tonight I have to call my dad and Mariah.  With my mom being away on business, my dad gets real lonely and that is when I try to give him a ring.  I really need to talk to Mariah as well.  She has some major shit going down and I couldn't reach her last night. Only a month and a half until she lives here!!!!!!!!!!!  I FUCKING CAN'T WAIT!  I plan to be at her and Rachel's apartment all the time.  It is going to seriously rock.  And besides having her in the city, I am going to have some new friends!!!  At this point I have about 4.  I mean, of course I know people, but not like I know Mariah.  And with Mariah comes a slew of really wonderful people that I have had the pleasure of spending some time with.  They are all great and I just adore them.  So yeah...very excited. When I went to the bathroom mirror this morning, I noticed a new present that God gave me.  A huge red lump on the side of my face.  What??  How did this happen?  I mean, sometimes you go to bed and wake up beautiful.  But more often than not, you wake up to discover new craters and volcano's on your face.  I am almost 25.  I need the acne to go away now please.   Well, I also need my man body to come soon too.  So maybe I am essentially just waiting for puberty to end.  That's normal.  Most people are still going through puberty at 25.  Definitely. SOOOOOOOOOO....Rita's parents are coming in from Germany tomorrow for a visit!  Yikes!  She is so overwhelmed and thrilled to see them.  All of these emotions at once.  And to be honest, Rita likes it smooth.  Not really with curve balls thrown in.  And this week, she has been presented with quite a few sliders.  Or curve balls.  Or dummies.  Is there a dummy pitch?  I think there is. Unfortunately, because Rita's parents think that she lives in the slums (WINKLES!), they will not be staying in our house.  I was really counting on seeing them, at least for dinner, but hey...do I complain?  They are here from Germany.  If they wanted me dressed in drag, I would probably do it.  Just so their trip could be that much more special.  But something tells me her ARMY COLONEL father wouldn't be having me in a dress.  Unless it was cut real low.  Rita...good luck and I really am brimming with excitement for you.  Make the best of it.  And bring a LouisVille Slugger with you.  You know what for.  And if you don't, I will tell you later. Kelly is having this party for her theater troupe on Friday.  It is supposed to be $8 all you can drink.  I am very heavely debating going.  It should be a good time and it will be nice to hang with her and Angie for a bit.  It's really the only exciting plans I have all weekend, so I kind of am excited.  I prolly won't know anyone and end up letting someone do me in the bathroom just so I can make friends.  It happens. I don't know if I have mentioned this already or not, but I am currently juggling between two books Miss Penelope gave me.  One is Naked by David Sedaris.  The other is GlamourPuss by mmmmmmmmm.......glamourpuss. I love them both.  Obviously I love the David Sedaris book more cuz he is my homegirl.  But Glamourpuss has sex and acting and drama and I just love it.  It is a trashy novel, but so enjoyable for that reason.  I never juggle two books at once.  It drives me crazy.  However, the Sedaris book consists of short stories that go chapter by chapter.  And the Glamspuss isn't all that "heavy" of a book, so I can really pick it up right where I left off.  It's just great. If I were you, I would buy a David Sedaris book ASAP.  If you are trashy gay male, which I know some of you are...I would check out Glamourpuss.  The end. I am definitely rambling today.  Sometimes it feels good to just free flow, you know?  Sometimes it also feels good to make dough, hey Joe.  Other times it is nice to go slow, cuz rut row!  That was a rhyme written by Scooby Doo. So hungry at this ponit. And almost time for a smoke. When am I going to quit?  Hopefully never. I just sat here staring at my computer screen for a full two minutes.  Just sitting and staring.  It was weird.   I think I am going to go have my cigarrette and ponder why I am so weird.   YOU'RE WEIRD!