What a fucking rollercoaster today has been.  MAN ALIVE!  It's kind of like a 360 (insert degree sign here) circle.  Like I said earlier today...I woke up in this great mood!  Then I go to work and my life falls apart.  Then I come home...(dramatic pause)...and life gets better again!  Shit.  Days like today confuse the fuck out of me, but at the same time remind me that nothing is impossible.   Angie and I met up tonight in order to exchange the car key.  THE INFAMOUS CAR KEY!  (sorry, i am feeling exceptionally ridiculous right now) When she came, she brought a bowl,  Not your ordinary ball you prudes...a bowl of gangia.  I called it a "peace offering".  And I guess...to be honest...we smoked the "Peace Pipe" and it actually worked.  ROFLROFLROFLROFLROFL. enough. She was very honest and suddenly I was in this "I am patient and understand all my wrong doings" phase.  I listened and then she listened.  We discussed and we squashed it.  That is how we do it in these parts folks...we discuss and we squash it.   We did, however, discuss one Miss "Fuck Face" roommate.  I explained to Angie the following: Me:  Listen Angie...this is tough.  I don't know how to work around avoiding fuck face while still trying to visit you in your apartment. Angie:  Joe, understand that I want you to be honest and just tell me why you feel this way and what you want. J:  (relieved that I can finally let go about this issue with her) Ange baby....(okay I did NOT say "Ange baby")...Fuck face and I have given it a shot.  I have never felt comfortable around him and I do believe that he provides a very negative energy to any group that I am in.  I think that he and I are like 'oil and water' and that we are just not meant to be friends.  (I then proceed to apologize to HER for what happened a couple of weeks ago at the doorbell)(I explain that I was a) being obnoxious by causing the whole problem and b) trying to protect one of my girls from fuck face's wrath.)(Okay, no more parentheses)(how does one spell parantheses?)(anyway)(lol)(snicker snicker) enough. A: I fully agree.  Fuck face feels the same way and he understands that he isn't welcome down in your apartment.  He would rather just be cool if you see him and leave it at that. J:  Amazing.  That is exactly what I want.  No little talk.  No shumma shum.  Nothing.  You stay in your hole I stay in mind.  (obviously I said much more than that....but either way I was relieved)  I think if Fuck face understands that you and I are trying to build up our separate friendship that everything will be fine.   A:  Me too.   ----end scene---- Everything else was water under the bridge.  I do need to make a much more conserted effort to spend time with Angie.  She has, and always will be, one of the most special people in my life.  In some ways, my relationship with her suffered due to a lot of other things that I got goin.  I let it slip and that wasn't right.  I accept it.  I think that once she and I get our act together with this whole thing, Angie and I can really go the distance on this friendship thing.  It is hard for me to say that considering the fact that I am one of the first people to close the door in your face.  God...Cancers...can you live with em?  Cuz I KNOW you ain't livin without em!!!! So Kelly...two things: 1)  Thank you for being neutral on this whole issue.  You played it like a genius and I whole-heartedly trust going into this thing with Angie with your full support.  I know the support was always there...but the issue in my head wasn't so clear.  Now it is and I thank you for being so chill.  And understanding.   2)  You got the brunt of my shit today didn't you?  I know I really let go on you.  It wasn't completely appropriate and for that I am sorry.  Being a best friend isn't always peaches and roses, huh?  I still meant a lot of what I said, but I think that a talk is definitely in need; just to keep everything up to date and whole.  Whether you realize it or not, you and I (us, if you will) are in a great place right now.  We are evolving and we are changing.  Something we never expected, but have been long over due for.  Maybe we aren't changing so much individually...maybe the drastic change is within us.  Just something I have been thinking about... NOW FOR ALL OF YOU....sorry that none of this entry is something you want to read.  I wrote it for my main bloggers: Penelope, Rita,Kelly, Mariah.  Everyone else is either going to have to just understand or not read.  I am thinking that the entry is so far down that no one will be interested enough to see this. Listen girls, I love you all.  On different levels.  But so deep on each of these levels.  Thank you all for handling me today the way you did.  Each one of you: (my blog flavorites) had an encounter or a few encounters with me where I just plain sucked.  However deep it was for you...I am thorry.  (said with the "th")  You know I am not this asshole for real...sometimes I just get crazy.  That you know.  All of you. So that's it.  I feel better right now.  It's the first time all day that I feel like shit isn't completely falling apart.  I will go to bed better. Rita is home and we are going on the stoop to have a smoke.  Maybe chill out for a lil' bit.   Thanks all.  You are the reason why I am here.