Gosh.  The headache that I have right now can be easily summed up with one word...TENSION!  I don't know what happened today.  When I woke up I was in the best mood and in some ways felt as though I could conquer the world.   Then the day took over.  I spent a good hour intensely discussing some issues with Kelly.  Needless to say the conversation really didn't go all that well.  I do think we were both able to get some shit off our chest and I do think that we came to some sort of conclusion.  Things aren't finished yet, but for the time being they are.  (sigh of relief) As for Angie...uggles.  I am closing my eyes right now and making this all go away.  That is the end of that. As for the money problems, I close my eyes to you too! Just took some Excedrin.  Thank the Lord for Excedrin.   After getting off the phone with Kelly, Paul and Mariah called me and somehow knew that I just needed to hear their voices.  It was refreshing and actually, at one point, almost made me cry.  Just too much all at once, I guess.  Paul is so incredibly wonderful to me.  I have opened up to him so much more in the past couple of months....(since our re-gettogether).  He has listened to me scream, yell, cry, bitch, die inside and he has taken most of it with grace and style.  Of course he drives me up the wall, cuz who don't these days?  But on the majority of issues, he has been damn near perfect.  Sometimes I wish I could just really explain how much he means to me.  It is so hard.  I say "I love you" and "Thank you" and all the polite things that go along with being a boyfriend.  But a lot of times I feel like it doesn't express how deeply he has affected me.   I think that he and I have moved to the next level in our relationship.  I am having little desire to go out and meet someone new.  I very rarely am worried about the definition of our relationship and I find myself with that "missing him" pit in my stomach just about every day.  It's not the pit that keeps one in bed, but a pit that is a constant nagging irritation that makes me want to always have him by my side.  Is it possible that Paul is my ONE?  Anything is possible.  For right now, he is definitely my one.  He allows me freedom, choice, independence, and in a lot of ways provides me with a happiness that I can't get anywhere else.  Thank you Paul.  You are a good boy and if I ever figure out a way to show you how truly special you are to me, I will. Mariah, you ain't bad either! In about 10 minutes I get to go home and decompress.  Maybe drink a glass of wine and settle in for a good movie.  Just something quiet/something peaceful.   In my most irresponsible way, I am going to let all of today go.  I am done.   No more frustration.  Only patience.   No more anger.  Just kindness.   And if anything goes in a direction that I don't want to go in...I will just calmly and respectfully turn my back and walk away.  It is the way it has to be for me right now.  It is selfish and it is probably not the "right" thing to do.  But it is my life and this is the only way I see fit.  If anyone feels hurt or disappointed in me for this...please understand that it is not you.  It's not personal and it's not your fault.   "Everybody needs a little time away..." as Chicago so beautifully sang.