What an amazing five days it has been!  I can't believe that it is over already and that I am sitting here at my desk again.  I think the only thing getting me through at this point is the fact that I am off from work tomorrow at 1pm - not to come back until 10am on Friday.  I just love being Jewish. The visit to Boston was incredible.  Rita and I got in around 5:30pm on Wed. and we picked up Paul at the grocery store.  That evening, we had a HUGE dinner of filet mignon and Salmon (that Paul prepared so amazingly!) and then boozed and boozed until we finally made it out at around 12am.  We danced and drank for about 37 minutes.  Paul was showing signs of massive wastedness and I ripped us out of the bar at around 1:15am.  He was out of his mind.  When we got home, we hung out for a bit and then Paul proved how out of control he was by pulling down his pants and baring cock and balls for the entire apartment.  Looking back on it, I have to laugh.  But at the time, I was mortified.  Is this MY boyfriend acting like this?  Goodness.  Everyone was cool with it, so I became cool with it.  Yikers. Thursday, Mariah left for Colorado and Paul made Rita and I a HUGE feast that we took outside and ate in this little park.  I mean HUGE feast.  We had steamed broccoli and shrimp and steak sandwiches and brie melts and oh my god I almost exploded.  It was adorable; us sitting on this patch of lawn with about 300 pounds of food in front of us.  While everyone else was playing soccer, I was asking Rita to pass the steamer full of vegetables.  Unbelievable. Rita and I walked around Newbury for a bit and then went home for a brief nap.  We were supposed to be at TGIFriday's by 10pm or so to see Paul.  BUT...little nap became long nap and we decided to just crash on the couch for shits and giggles.  Paul got home around 2:30am and we just went to bed. On friday, the three of us loaded into the car and high tailed it back to NYC.  It was a quick drive and I think Paul and I only argued for about half of it.  (winkles!)  At one point, he was criticizing my driving so bad that all I remember saying over and over was: "Why don't you shut the fuck up?" and "Maybe at this point you will want to shut the fuck up."  It was great!  (snicker snicker) Paul and I made some dinner when we got in and then took a nap.  Damn...the whole week was like naps and food, naps and food.  The way I like it!  That night, he and I went out to three different places.  We started at Barrage, then moved on to Heaven, and ended up at Urge.  I had never been to Heaven or Urge before, so that was cool.  We drank and laughed and had so much fun.  It was good being out with just him.  Usually we don't do well in these type of situations, and there were moments when I wanted to punch his face, but all in all, it worked out just great.  We came home and stayed up until 6am smokin joints and laughing our asses off.  Paul and I did a GREAT DEAL of laughing this week.  It was the best part.  He has just recently started this new laugh.  It is quite infectious and possibly the loudest thing I have ever heard.  But I love it.  And it makes me feel so good when I am the one to cause the laugh.   Saturday, Paul and I went to a steak house for dinner and then got ice cream cones and went down to the water to eat them.  It was a beautiful night and we just sat and talked for a bit.  It was pretty romantic and nice until Paul told me that he felt like a "gay pervert" for sitting around these kids.  So, that pretty much ended that experience.  He was asleep by 9:30pm.  I fell asleep shortly after midnight and we stayed that way until noon the next day. Totally missing church.  I hated myself for that.  It was the one thing I wanted to do.  But we didn't. Sunday afternoon, Rita, Paul and I went out for drinks and played some cards at the Duplex.  We went to this place called "Cajun" in Chelsea first.  Never been there before, but it was cute.  Duplex actually rocked.  How did that happen?  We were home by 8:30pm and wasted.  It's a good feeling when you don't go to church on Easter Sunday, but you get as drunk as you possibly can.  Jesus was very proud of me.   This morning Paul left to go back to Boston.    It was like having my heart ripped out of my chest and handed to me.  I could barely sleep all night and I was wound so tight this morning.  Why can't he just move here already?  I know it could work and I am doing everything in my power to get his ass here.  I just really need him for more than like 48 hours at a time.  I am so tired of this hello and goodbye bullshit.  Is it ever going to change? He and I are so good for eachother.  I was thrilled that Rita was able to see Paul and I in a different setting.  She said some pretty great things about him and I felt as though she got to know him and Mariah so much better.  He and I are like the perfect balance.  And separating from eachother is incredibly difficult.  If I can get him here, I will.  I just got to. So that is the update of everything I did over the last five days.  Obviously there is so much more, but I can't get it all straightened out in my head yet.   In other news...Kelly has found not only one, but TWO jobs!  UM!  I am so happy and impressed.  She buckled down and took care of it.  Good girl.  And the place seems really great.  If you would like to see the restaurant that she will be bartending at, go here:   Kelly's new job  She starts training tonight, so fingers crossed my friends!  I hope she likes it and that she can start making some bones real soon.   I guess that is it for now.  Can't wait to get back into the swing of things.  It will feel right to be here without Paul once I am reminded of the life I have here.  It is so easy to forget sometimes.