TODAY IS THE DAY WHEN MARIAH MOVES TO NYC!    Holy shit!  I can't believe it.  The time flies when you are sitting on your ass doing nothing.  She is very nervous, a little excited, and I think, in alot of ways, dreading today.  It is so hard to move, especially out of a place as beautiful and fun as Boston.  But she will do it with flying colors.  I know it. Paul is driving the U-Haul down today.  They should be in Brooklyn by 7pm.  Amazing!  I have been saying that I am not going to go down and see her tonight, but I have to.  When I woke up this morning, all I thought was...YAYAY...she is coming today!   With Mariah moving into town, I get some more friends!  Finally.  It won't just be my housemates, Penelope, and Ian anymore.  It will be my housemates, Penelope, Ian, Mariah, and RACHEL!  Whom I absolutely adore with my whole soul.  I just never get to see her.   Can you tell I am excited? for friends and for a change of pace. Haven't really talked to Paul in the last couple of days.  He has been pretty busy with work, packing up the house, looking for a roommate, etc.  He thinks he may have found a roommate actually.  From what Paul tells me, his new roommate is a tall, attractive, medical student, gay man.  Hmmm..... Right. Anyway...that's exactly what I DIDN'T want him to do, but you can never count on Paul to be sympathetic to anyone's needs, but his own. SO! I am looking forward to seeing his annoying ass though.  He has been the most fucking irritating boyfriend lately, but whatever... I can't wait to look at the hole in his back again. (picture me holding the vomit in my mouth at this point) What else... Work has been annoying this week too.  It's weird.  When we have short weeks, each day is like a psycho fest.  I don't understand it.  Oh well.  At least Friday is tomorrow. AND...we are going to a staff lunch today at 1:30pm and we don't gots to come back to this shit hole!  So...YES! I got a lot of sleep last night.  Never happens.  I slept hard too.  When my alarm went off this morning, I felt like I was pulling out of the coma of a lifetime.  I did feel refreshed though and maybe the dark circles under my eyes will be slightly less dark for my headshot appointment tomorrow. I am nervous about getting my pictures taken.  I am not good with smiling on command.  And I get all nervous about making hot sexy faces.  Usually when I make any sort of hot/sexy face, the picture comes out with me looking like I have rubber face.  RUBBER FACE . Did you ever see that movie? I am sure you didn't.  BUT!  IF you have...tell me who the lead character is and you will win a surprise. Edward comes next week.  Is it wrong for me to be as excited as I am? I hope he looks hot. ;) Soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo....this week Kelly has graduated, Rita has had medical problems starting with her back and ending with her jaundiced eyes and I have had the sinus plugger from hell.  What is the deal with our house?  SO much going on.   I gotta piss....