My gosh the weekend is almost over!  Never does it seem like too long! In fact, if I didn't have the day off tomorrow, I would sit here and seriously consider the time warp I had gone through and wonder why it was fucking Sunday at 7:23pm. Pretty bored here.  My girls are both gone...............but still!  Who would have thought that all this alone time would be a bad thing??  It hasn't been entirely bad.  In fact, it has been quite good.  I am just ready for it to come to a close.   I spent the day yesterday, laying on my ass.  I didn't even smoke pot really.  A bowl here and there, but mostly I just puttered.  I made a new recipe for dinner.  It is called "Sour Cream Chicken".   My dad brought me this list of recipes during his last visit.  I decided to break it out yesterday and give it a try.  I made the chicken and this homemade recipe of  rice that my mom used to make.  The chicken was EXCELLENT.  The rice...well...you see, about the rice.... It resides in the garbage can.  I am not sure what I did wrong, but whatever it was...OOF!  Honestly, I think I just used bad rice.  The taste wasn't bad, but no matter what I did...the rice was hard and chalky.  And if you have ever had chalky rice...you understand what a HORRIBLE texture of filth you get when you crunch down on each bite.  YOWZAHS!   Tossed that shit immediately. The chicken was a little dry, but that was only because I let it cook too long.   (I was trying desperately to save my rice at that point) But it was good.   Here is the recipe if you feel like giving it a try: SOUR CREAM CHICKEN (exactly what is sounds like) 1)  Any amount of chicken will do...no matter...I prefer boneless...you should too 2)  Coat skinless chicken breast with a thick layer of sour cream (I use fat free...so should you) 3)  Coat thoroughly in bread crumbs 4)  Place on a baking sheet and cover with aluminum foil 5)  Cook in the oven on bake or whatever on 350-400 degrees Fahrenheit for 30 minutes 6)  After 30 minutes, remove the foil so that the chicken can fully brown.  Keep an eye on it from this point. 7)  OH MAN YUM! ***If your chicken turns out a little dry, add another layer of sour cream after it is finished and ROCK!  Tasty! So easy and it brightens up an otherwise boring slab of chicken.  And that is what I did for all of yesterday.  Well, I did have to go to the store to get the ingredients, so I DID in fact get OUT of the house.  I also made cookies.  Chocolate chip and they turned out so bomb that I have already eaten 8. Good thing I bought the FAMILY PACK, otherwise there would be nothing left.  :-D Today I cleaned the house, memorized a song for Rita, and masturbated twice.  Now I sit and wait for someone to come home.   Tomorrow I just HAVE to work on my room.  How could I sit home for 2 full days and not touch it? Easily...it's called LA-motha fucking-ZY! If I didn't have Rita and Kelly coming home to look forward to, my boredness would make me clean my room. So thanks alot Rita and Kelly...you are the reason my room sucks.  You're really great friends. I read Penelope's blogger today.  It was so wonderful!   This is just for Penelope: Saying that I possess "grace" was just about the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.  I beamed from ear to ear after having read your blogger.  I had so much fun with you on Friday, always do.  I didn't even want to leave!  Remember when I kept being like "should I leave...", well thank G-D you said "no".  Cuz I wanted to stay!  Thank you for the pot, the jokes, the talks...I loved being there and I WILL be back.  :-D Penelope's bother Ethan was there when I was there too...and he is just great!  I always have interesting talks with the two of them.  And he showed me how to do a few more things with this blogger.  You the best brotha man.   Tonight is HBO'S documentary of 9/11, hosted or something, by Mayor Giulianni.  I will not be watching it.  I feel good today and want to not feel bad.  It will be on again on Tuesday night...I will see if I can tape it then.  Supposedly you can actually see people jumping out of buildings.  Not my kind of fun on a Sunday night before a day off from work...I would watch it if i didn't want to play so badly when the girls come home.  (I am not even going to tell them it is on until after it is over....snicker snicker) I guess that is it.  Edward was supposed to call me this weekend and of course he didn't.  But I didn't call him either...hahahaha.  The story of our lives.  I gotta call this kid.  He is going to be here in less than 2 weeks.  ROCK.  In other news...Paul has called 3 times this weekend and I haven't returned any of his calls.   NOW who is the asshole?  oh yeah....me.  :( Hope everyone is having an incredible MEMORIAL DAY WEEKEND!