Good morning VIETNAM!  I am so glad that Vietnam is over.  Finally, after all these years, I can get on with my life. Last night was the Grammy's.  I only watched for maybe an hour, but in that hour, I was lucky enough to see this group called "NSYNC" perform.  Hee.  This "group".  They are only my LOVE!  My dream.  My desire.  My inspiration. Their performance was outstanding.  It was tight, it was live, and it totally showed everyone that they are still cutting edge and perfectly in sync with each other.  I think that these boys are the best pop group out there.  They sing live WHILE dancing.  They ain't no J-LO that lip syncs, even though she can dance.  Justin and JC are obviously the king and queen of the group.  I am just more impressed by these guys every time I see them perform.  They meet all of my expectations and then some.  (Big sigh) I finished this book last night called "Me Talk Pretty One Day" by David Sedaris.  This piece of literature is the most hysterical thing I have ever laid my eyes on.  I laughed out loud more at this book than any other book I have ever read.  I wish I could give some specific examples, but I know that some of you want to be reading it.  And you should be reading it.  Pure genius. My breath is STANK today.  I can taste it.  Feels like, while I was sleeping, our cat, Trey, came in, pooped in my mouth, dropped some litter in for good measure...and then took off.  All without me realizing.  Luckily, the poop tasted good and I digested it by morning.   But now my breath....oof. Penelope is getting a tooth fixed this morning.  It broke yesterday while she was eating pudding or something.  I don't think she even remembers exactly when the incident happened.  But suddenly she had half of a molar missing!  YIKES. My worst nightmare.  Really.  I would melt into jelly and slosh away down the sewers if my tooth ever just cracked open.  UGH.  No more talking about it, cuz I feel like I may vomit.  I hope she is okay.  Her appointment was for 9am.   Paul sent me the most adorable message this morning.  I open my inbox to my email and there is this message that says: "Thank you for being mine."  OH!  I melted all over the floor.  Gosh.  All I am doing today is melting for different reasons.  He can be so adorable when he wants.  And if he really tries...he makes me feel so good about myself.  And makes me think that maybe long distance is okay.   But maybe it's not.   I do love him though.  So much. Alright, time to do some work....