Here I sit.  It is 10:57pm and I just recently got home from Penelope's.  Man.  I drank a GOOD amount.  I am fucked up right now.  I said earlier today that I was going to get FUCKED UP and I did.  I am seriously drunk.  The only reason why any of this is coming across in a coherent manner is because I back track every two seconds and fix the spelling.  (No matter how drunk i get I will be the queen of spelling) I had such an awesome time today.  I went over to Penelope's on the cross town bus after saying goodbye to Rita at 96th street.  She is off for a weekend of intensity.  And I miss her.  Already. Kelly is working all night so I got home to an empty house.  Sometimes that is great.  tonight it is shit.  I am fucked up and need someone to play with.   Paul had called so I returned his call, but of course he doesn't answer.   Now I sit here...on the verge of wanting to drink more to keep the momentum going, or to vomit and call it a night.  Tough call.  it's still pretty early. In other news.... I had a great time tonight.  Penelope and I did the TAROT.  My first readings with her.  In fact, we didn't focus much on the cards themselves at all, but had introspecitve and beautiful conversations ourselves.  That is what the TAROT is all about afterall.  I do the TAROT.  Am I serious?  consider me the devil.   But we had an amazing time.  I was so relaxed.  her brother was there as well as her roommate.  (stinky roommate).  Some laughs, some personal moments, some wine, and a great time for the two of us.  I love hanging with her.  She is wise.  I listened to her alot tonight  and I honestly learned alot.  there is a wisdom that comes with age and life experience.  penelope has definitely earned this.  Right now the Indigo Girls is on.  I am a lesbo. (moment when I thought I was going to puke) oddly enough it correlates with the indigos.... Okay...for the next couple of minutes, everything I write will be free verse and not corrected for spelling, logic, or grammar.... HERE GOES----------- (stop to take a sip of my wine)  (who am i kidding>?) right now the barenaked ladies are playing.  it is the song calle dintermint=ently.  i am sorot of bored by the whole thing...but I want to type to see how foten i fouck up.  wow.  sdo you see the problem?  do imagien how long it took me type the above and having to correct thw ehoel time.  wow.  iam a fucking mess. LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL I LOVE YOU >>>>INTERMITTENTLY LLLLY I LOVE YOU@     INTERMITTENLYT   I LOVE OU intermittently i lvoe yo love you ....injtermitly...... now sarah harmer plasy gain.  rita has this song on the coputer that is so beautfil.  i love it.  i play it alot.  and her voice is so different , real, simple, and perfedct.   i just si[pped someting chunkcy in my wine.  that is sick dude. i swalloed it whole.   typing like this is the most frusttating experience i hav eever had.   its not mal to be at home on a friday night at 11:10pm and typnng in this fasxhion to see how drunk you are.  it is normal.  arent all the cool kids doing it?   SNASNASNASNORESVILLE! I guess I will go now.  this typing without conciousness gets borin gfast. But it was fun to see how ridiculous I erally can be. Once agein...thank you to penelope for a great night! I miss my reets and kels. time to go suck dick :-()    IMAGINE???? BYE (I) wish!