Good morning.   Here is my Real World opinionated re-cap of last night's episode. As we see, Kyle is a fake shithead.  You know, it really just chaps my ass.  I started this season with such an open mind to Kyle and Kerri's plight.  I thought that their issues were real, genuine, and difficult to navigate.  However, after viewing each episode as least 7 times, I have come to the conclusion that Kyle is the worst "character" on the show.  And I say "character" because he is in no way, shape, or form, a real little boy.  If anything, he is Pinocchio BEFORE the fairy granted his wish. He has led Kerri on and on and on.... As we found out in last night's episode, Kyle has been sneaking into Kerri's bed at night for some kissing and humping (we did see clips of this in past episodes), and he has also written her "over 30 love letters telling her how much he truly loves (me)" her.  What a snake he is.  I mean really.  Is it just me, or is Kerri totally deserving of a REAL man?  The girl is so much fun, so beautiful, and most importantly, so damn cool. She tries desperately to convince herself that she doesn't have feelings for this asshole, but we all know how that goes.  It takes time.   Last night Kyle did three things that made me gasp with horror. 1)  Invites Kerri along to a party only to backstab her all night to his friends and other housemates. 2)  Convinces everyone and himself that Kerri annoys him, follows him everywhere, and never gives him room to breathe, only to then be all over her the minute that she meets a guy other than him. 3)  Receives a phone call message from his ex-"girlfriend" Nicole during a candlelight vigil in NYC (right after 9/11) and doesn't shed one tear.  Now, the reason #3 bothers me is because when I saw the clip of Nicole's answering message, it took about 4 seconds for me to collapse into tears.  That 2 minute clip produced more tears on my face than the whole September 11th episode did in its' entirety.  Kyle, who goes ON and ON about how worried he is for Nicole and how much his love for her knows no bounds - in fact, at one point I specifically remember him saying that he and Nicole have "Storybook Love" - doesn't do anything more than put on a sad face and wistfully look at the wall.  For real?  Damn.  Wish I could love someone with such ease. I don't believe him for a minute.  And I am disappointed.  He seemed so cool and now I have no respect.  And suddenly, because personality does win out over looks afterall, he has become the most hideous monster on the show.  I think his face is made of plastic, and as Rita has previously said, his legs are definitely tree trunks. He is skeeve. Watching him make out with Kerri, shirtless with his mesh shorts riding up his ass, then getting up and walking away as if he just committed the same act with a goat, makes me furious inside. I truly hope that she watches these episodes and just laughs and laughs.  She is better off without him.   He is a sad little man.