CONGRATULATIONS to KELLY on her LAST DAY OF EXAMS!    YOWZAH!  That's a girl!  Way to go!  YOU DA BEST!  (and every other annoying cliche in the bunch) Almost time to go home.  PHEW!  This day is what I like to call Dragging McDragersons.  Really.  The whole day has creeped by in the most snail like manner.   But today was also a bit interesting.  It started with Pedro the security guard telling Angela the housekeeper to "Fuck off".  Then Angela came upstairs SOBBING and screaming about it.  It was absolute chaos for about 15 minutes.  And this all happened at about 10am.  Ugh.  Pedro fucking sucked for what he said to Angela today.  I have never met such a beautiful woman in my whole life.  She don't hurt anything.  She is the kind of lady that cares so much about life that she would find a nest of flies festering on the 6th floor of my building and would immediately pick it up in her hands and find it a home in the local park.  She just cares that much! Thnor. She was so upset and it made me love her even more.  She deserves the world.   (as long as this bitch gets a slice) When I went to the bathroom earlier, my ass had a virgin suicide.   Just thought I would let everyone know that.  I know how worried you all get.  You need to know my ass action every day or else you worry that I have become a healthy little boy like all the others.   ***nother side note*** Paul hasn't called ONCE since last Thursday night.  (big sigh) It's funny.  Every time I happen to mention this fact to anyone, they always look at me oddly and go "But why?".   Then I look back at them and go "I know". It just sucks, you know?  How else can I explain it? Last Thursday night we had a 2 hour talk on the phone that was amazing!  He was like in love and obsessed with me.  It felt strange to have him telling me how much he loved me and having him obsess over everything that I am doing.  He was crazy.  But crazy with love.   Then, as usual, he doesn't call for like a week because he has showed too much emotion to me and must pull back. You know what I think about that?  I think that it is a fucking childish and tired excuse.  Grow up asshole. Sorry...just gotta vent sometimes. He's fine.  Just so typical and boring. In other news...Kelly and I had a wonderful talk last night.  We had some drinks, some laughs, some cries, and an overall good time.  I think we cleared the air on alot of things.  Not that things were bad, per se.  Just some things that needed to be clarified. And I think it went very well.   Well, I guess that is it.  Pretty much a nothing of a day today.   Lucky me gets to go home and work on remodeling my annoying bedroom.  Can't it just be done already?? No Joe, it can't.  You are the laziest mother fucker in America.  Just go home, shut up, and do it. I know.   I know. One last thing...Edward sent me this poem this morning.  I actually laughed out loud.  (LOL)(I am a 16 year old girl)(LOL) Here it is:   This is Just to Say  I have eaten  the plums that were in the icebox  and which  you were probably saving for breakfast  Forgive me they were delicious so sweet and so cold   HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! um.