Hello to all of my faithful readers.  Or maybe just to my faithful friends.  According to my site meter...I have had over 150 hits so far.  That is great!  Keep it up readers...makes me feel so gooooooooooood. Today has been an average day.  Been pretty busy at work and my spirits have been mediocre.   Yesterday was just an amazing day.  After work, Penelope, Rita and I went for drinks at the West End.  I just love that West End.  Their drinks are affordable, the ambiance is great, and we have literally made it our second home.  We were just going to have 1 or 2 drinks and as usual, this turned into 3 or 4 or 5.  Buzzing in the most audacious manner, the 3 of us left the joint to drive to Penelope's apartment.  There we commenced with the drinking, smoked a few bongs, and had some laughs.  It was really the perfect way to spend a half day off.  After this fun, Rita and I risked a DWI and drove back to our apartment in Queens.  We got a little sidetracked and ended up somewhere near Flushing.  Ok...we didn't end up THAT far away, but we were definitely lost for like 20 minutes.  Then next thing we know, we take this random left and are suddenly on the path to our house.  Last night the Real World was a repeat.  FUCK!  I hate repeats.  But I shouldn't complain since it is the first repeat that they have shown.  But Ugh!  How do I wait a whole week to find out what happens to Kerry and Kyle?!?! Okay Joe.  Get a grip.   Mmmm...I just gripped myself alright.  And it felt goooooooooood. That is the second time that I typed: "gooooood" in this entry.  And I don't think "goooood" is even a word.   maybe it is. What else, what else.... Kelly seems to think that she has more entries in her diary than I have in my blogger.  PSHAW Kelly.  I counted your entries.  You have a total of: 17.  I have a total of: a million.  Hee. I win.  The trophy goes to me.   Oh great.  Does that mean I have to go out and BUY a trophy now?  Like I can even afford that shit.   This weekend, Rita has a friend coming.  This friend will now be known as Jill.  (Great play on names, huh folks?)  We are supposed to go to Karaoke.  I have decided to quit smoking for a couple days to get my beautiful, tenor falsesetto prepared for my performance.  Bullshit.  I will smoke a bowl right before we go.  And then I will sing "The Joker" by the Steve Miller Band. I have never met Jill before, but from what I hear, she is damn amazing.  I am pretty excited to see who this chick is.  Maybe I will "do" her when Rita ain't looking.  whatever.  As long as I get my dick sucked. Last night I called Doug again.  I just had to.  Rita says that I "have no game" cuz I stalk those that show any interest.  HAHA.  I don't stalk for real, but if I want something...hells if I am not going to go for it.  So I call Doug and leave a message that is like: "Hello Doug.  I have called twice now and I am not calling again.  Please call immediately or I will fuck you up."   Doug ends up calling me back an hour later.  I screen the call and Doug says on the message: "Joe, pick up..." Does he KNOW that I am screening?  Have I known him longer than 10 minutes in my whole life?  Or does he just have this 6th sense that tells him that I am a screening freak?  I don't know.   Needless to say, I didn't pick up the phone and when I went to call him back an hour later, I got the voice mail.  Whatever Doug.  Call me again or don't.  At this point I don't care.   (yeah I do) so much so. This is one of the weirdest entries I have ever written.  I am just kind of going off the top of my head.   Hope I don't sound like too much of a fuck. fuck. me. immediately. in my virgin ass. WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH ME TODAY?!?!?!?  Maybe I am in a better mood than even I realize.