I actually started this entry last week, never got through it and am now going back to it and finishing.  Hee. I was saying what a good day I had last week, cuz it turns out that Paul and I will be taking a fatty vacation this summer.  We are going to spend a week in Orlando.  Kind of my idea.  I decided that I REALLY wanted to go to Universal Studios Florida.  Yes, I have been there before and yes it is fucking amazing...but it has been about 7 years since I did that and I am anticipating quite a few huge changes in their theme parks.  For example, the Jurassic Park 3 ride just opened.  YOWZERS!  It's just fun. We are staying in the most beautiful condo I have ever seen in my life.  I mean, it is HUGE and our suite has a master bedroom, another guest bedroom, a pull out couch, a full kitchen, two showers, a tub, a whirlpool, a living room, dining area, indoor/outdoor pool, golf, babysitting service (YAY), and so much else.  It is going to be fantastic.  And the best part....to stay in this condo for a week is going to cost us (drum role please) $122 total.  UM!  My parents have this time share thing that they NEVER use.  So they got first pick this time and gave it to me.  It is so cheap and amazing. My mom also secured us flights for $188 round trip.  OH MAN that is cool.  SO essentially we are paying piddles for an amazing time.  And it is something that Paul and I will get to do together.  I have never been on a real vacation before, unless it was with family.  And this is the exact way that I want to go!  Just he and I smooching and smooching.  And maybe even getting a tan.   Also, I can't wait to spend a couple of days at   Disney World  and    Universal Studios  CAN'T WAIT! This is really just about the best. We will probably spend a few days on the beach.  Go out to eat alot, ride bikes, maybe go fishing, watch the sunsets on the beach.  Really...it is everything I have ever wanted to do with Paul.  And to be able to do it just the two of us.  Man...I am a lucky boy.   As long as Paul gets a little bit of a better attitude about this whole thing... He has been kind of a shit, but I know that will change.  He is always a bitch until he realizes that there is no reason for it and then things usually settle down.   Plus...we are taking a plane!  Um!  I don't do planes.  I mean, I WILL do planes, as long as Paul is there with me, but without him, prolly not at this point.  I feel safe with him.  Even though he is a bitch...I do feel safe holding on to his arm and being held by him.   Sweet, sweet, strong boy of mine.   Maybe he will even call today.  Wouldn't that be a nice change of pace.  Weird to think that I just got home from taking care of him a week ago.  So much has changed since then.  So much.   This weekend, Rita's sister Jeannie came into town to play.  They went and saw Chicago on Saturday afternoon and then went out to a wonderful dinner together.  They are very close sistas and I know that they truly enjoy being in eachother's company.  Jeannie is getting married on November 9th.  WOW.  Still scares me a bit, and I ain't even IN the wedding.  Well, sort of I am.  I will be the wasted uncle standing in the corner talking about the old days when Jeannie was a little whippersnap.   Nah. But I definitly won't be handing out any programs either.  :-D Friday night, Rita, Kelly, Jeannie and I spent the night blasting music and having a, well, um, blast!  We sang along to Rent, ate pizza, drank some libations, and all in all had a wonderful time together.  Rita, Jeannie, and I had some intense, and introspective conversations as well.  I walked away from it all feeling like I know Jeannie just that much better.  And also that I love Rita just that much more.  She is a strong girl, that one. What else? I also started the overwhelming, nightmare of a project, of cleaning my room.  I have decided to rid myself of any excess baggage.  Which means, letters and cards from the past, old pictures I don't want anymore, knick-knacks from hell, and even my Nintendo 64.  Shit's just got to go.  If you want it, let me know...cuz you can definitely have it.   I still gots PlayStation to deal with.   So, I did the first major phase of cleaning last night.   I am planning on doing another phase tonight, another tomorrow, and so on, until the week is over and I have a brand new place to hang my hat.  This cleaning and organizing has been a REAL long time coming, actually since I moved out of Oswego, and I absolutely have to get it done this week.  Nothing will stand in my way. Not even pizza.  Tonight is the finale episode of the Road Rules/Real World Challenge.  Who will take the gold?   I am predicting that it will be Road Rules.  They are just a stronger team physically.  As a group, they kind of suck, but as competitors, they usually outshine those Real Worlders.  And that is too bad...cuz who don't like the Real World BETTER than Road Rules?   Also, at 8pm, NBC's Fear Factor is doing their Tournament of Champions.  All of the winners from the past year will be coming together to see who the king is.  Imagine what they are going to have to eat tonight!  I am predicting diarehhea.  Or someother spelling of the same word. This is going to be a tough week, but I think I am up for the challenge.  Last week was a GREAT week, but I knew the whole time that this week was coming.  I really have to take it slow, be as patient as possible with my friends, and try my best to start anew.   One day at a time.