Okay...back from lunch.  I had pizza and so did Rizza.  Yum.  I haven't had pizza in weeks.  Of course, it wasn't true NYC pizza.  It was "silly West End" pizza.  Good enough. So...here I sit.  Been pretty quiet at work today.  Everyone seems to be really burned out from the big dinner we had last week.  Fine with me.  I love the peace.  Penelope is out today with a headache.  Probably induced by dealing with crazies all week.  Poor thing had to fend for herself for like 7 work days.  Now that shit is tough. I am sitting here with nothing on my mind.  I have no idea what to write about.  That seems strange considering that I have been away from this journal for weeks.  But shit has pretty much stayed the same. Paul is still in some horrible pain and trying his best to recoup. Kelly is finishing up with college and then will try to recoup. Rita has finished with the dinner aka the demise of her existence, and is slowly recouping. Penelope is home...recouping. RECOUPS! Mariah is preparing (sort of) for her big move to NYC.  Girl better get on the ball and find her ass a job.  Cuz hells knows she is going to blow what little money she has on fun when she gets here.  Who wouldn't? Edward was tentatively scheduled to come down for a visit this weekend, but I have a feeling that that is off. S'ok.  I do want to see him, but suddenly I am not so ready.  Long story. Oh ok...I know what to write about. When I got home last night, Rita and Kelly introduced me to "Friend".  He is a new member of our household, but lucky bastard don't have to pay no rent.  Friend wears a red hoody, Gorilla slippers and a t-shirt.  He sits on the couch and holds onto the remote.  Just in case he don't like what is on the tube.   Did I mention that Friend is in actuality a pillow?   But the scariest fucking pillow ever.  As Rita, Kelly, and I were discussing Friend last night, Kelly vocalized how scared she was of having him sitting around in the living room.  I didn't really understand how a dressed up pillow could be scary, until I walked out of my room at 3am,  butt naked, and fully believed he was a real human sitting on the couch.  My heart lept into my throat and then my skin crawled.  That little fucker is dangerous, I think.  Rita had a nasty run in with Friend this morning too.  I feel Friend may be brutally murdered if he don't clean up his act. Paul just called.  He said that he feels much better today.  He met with the surgeon this morning and he said that the wound looks better.  He taught him how to change the bandages in a different, more preventative way.  So hopefully no more infection.  What a relief.  Of course Paul is talking about working as soon as tomorrow night.  Stupid ass.  He best take care of himself, cuz if he lands in the hospital again because of his own foolishness, I will NOT be so pleasant when I change the bandages next time.  And that's fo sho! Uh oh.  I think I just smelled eggs again.  Damn that Rita...she best go relieve herself before she stinks up the joint.  WAWAWAWINKLES! Days until Kelly's graduation from COLLEGE: 15.  Days until Kelly realizes what a cruel cruel world it is after school: 18. Days until the eggs leave my bowels: 10 minutes. Gosh...so much is coming up.  Angie and Kelly are both leaving college and moving on to that next phase of their life.  Mariah is moving here in the next two weeks.   Does it ever end? Nevle.   Aaron Neville. Last night I jerked off 3 times between 10:30pm and 3am.  Is that a lot?  Well, if you take a look at the scars on my dick...maybe.  I was just so horny.  And the more I jerked off, the more I needed to do it again.  I was up all night playing with myself.   Maybe tonight I will only do it twice.   Considering that I woke up and jerked off again this morning...maybe I don't need to do it at all.   Do you realize that in 9 hours, I beat my pud 4 times.  DAMN!  They don't call this my sexual peak for nothin.   I am just so lucky that I have someone to share all these sexual experiences with during my sexual peak.   Yeah fucking right.  I share these experiences with my hand and erotic stories only. mmmmm....erotic stories.  I am about ready for some new ones.  The ones I have now are so old and boring.  I can basically recite them and that's no fun.   Maybe I will have Kelly or Rita write me a new erotic story!  Wouldn't that be fun!  Kind of sick and twisted, but I would be willing to give it a try.  Actually...what a GREAT experiment!  Then I could see if they REALLY knew what turned me on.   Sick....why would they need to know that?   yum....why wouldn't they?