Well hello!  I am now in Boston and the fucking funniest thing just happened.  (I am at the place where Mariah baby-sits/nannies whatever) The baby, without us even noticing, just opened a box of CapnCrunch and dumped it all in her lap.  She is covered in little yellow cereal pieces and I am pissing myself with laughter.  Oh shit thats funny. So yeah...I am in Boston on the computer.  It has been an absolutely incredible trip so far.  Paul and I are like peas and carrots.  The poor kid has a hole in his back the size of a grapefruit.  No.  I am not exaggerating.  Mariah can fit her whole fist in the hole.  You see...when you have a polinoital cyst operation, the way it heals is from the inside out.  So this huge crator in his back will have to re-layer itself and eventually, over months, fill back in.  I have seen serated muscle, actual lipids, and I think the outer lying  of his spinal cord.  It is the most horrifying thing I have ever seen with my eyes...and definitely the most horrifying thing I have ever touched.  I have to change the dressings twice a day.  This means, pulling out these blood stained gauze pads from the inside of his body.  Then I soke new gauzes in saline and shove them back in the hole.   When Paul first showed me the wound, I just started to cry.  It is so real and raw.  And to think that this monstrosity of a wound is on my boyfriends back... It's sad and it's gross.   In other news...Mariah is wonderful.  Seeing her makes me laugh, smile, and excited.  Unfortunately the days have flown by so far.  I am trying my hardest to slow the time down, but that seems fruitless. Boston is beautiful.  The leaves on the trees, the smells in the air, the people that we've seen.  I just love it.  And of course I never want to leave.  But that's cool...I will toughen up by Sunday and get my lame ass back on the bus.   It is really weird to be writing in my bloggle from fucking Newbury Street. Baby is going crazy.   Paul and I watched Hedwig and the Angry Inch last night.  Fucking awesome movie.  Ask Rita about it.  She and I saw it together when she first moved in and we LVOED it.   Hey Reets...you finish Wally Lamb yet?   Have a safe drive to Syracuse!  I hope you have a wonderful wonderful time.  You have earned it.   See you on Sunday when we both have to return to hell.   Hello operator that is. K...thaz it!  Unfortunately, see you all soon!