So I was just walking down the street, very excited about the slice of pizza I was about to eat, when this man walks up to me and says: "Can I ask you a question?" Here was our conversation: Julio:  "Can I ask you a question?" Me:  "What?" (I was a little rude cuz I thought that he was going to yell at me about throwing my cigarette on the street) J:  I was wondering if you have ever given any thought to modeling. Me:  Uh...yeah.  Well, you see...a friend of mine was just asked the same question on the street.  She then ended up giving this "Modeling Agency" her credit card number and they stole like $600 from her. J:  No no no.  It's not like that. Me:  Ok...what is the deal then? J:  Well I was wondering if you had ever given thought to print modeling.  You know, modeling for fashion magazines, billboards, advertisements, etc.  You have the perfect face for it. Me:  Yes I have considered it, but don't really know how to look into something like that. J:  Well I work for Options, an off-shoot of Ford modeling agency.  We handle (insert random model's names here).  (I think he said something like Wilomena or Filomena...some high profile model)  I would love it if you would consider coming in and letting us take your picture.  We would want to see how photogenic you are and if you would be interested in letting us represent you. Me: What what WHAT?  (Ok...I didn't really say that)  Sure...I would love to come in and at least see what you are all about. J: (Hands me his card----his name is Julio) Great.   --------------edited bullshit------------------------ Me:  I am not available until Monday earliest. J:  Ok...why don't we schedule an appointment for Monday night at 7. Me:  Sure.  I would love to come.   J:  (Shakes my hand) This is a very exciting opportunity.  Be on time and bring some pictures of yourself. Me:  Okay...see you then. END CONVO. UM!!!!  How exciting.  How random that this same thing just happened to Mariah and now it is happening to me.  I will make SURE that they do not get a credit card number or any sort of deposit.  I know better than that.  I also informed the guy that I was an actor, not a model and he told me that they represent quite a few actors as well.   Could this be my shot at an agency?  Who knows.  But it is fun and it definitely made me smile real big.   Today is turning out to be fucking bomb!    Check out their website here