Last night when I got home, I played some TLC and just about sobbed my eyes out.  It has been almost a week since I found out about Lisa Lopes going away and I still feel sad about it.  Is that normal?  Any time I have heard someone be like "Oh man...when 'this' celebrity died, I was so upset; I just couldn't go on", I have wanted to punch them in the face.  But this time, I do feel sad.  I wish it didn't happen.  I wish that things could be different.   Second...did you happen to catch   THE REAL WORLD CHICAGO  last night?  UM?!?!?!  Besides the fact that the whole group is about ready to kill eachother, next week's episode made me almost have a heart attack.  The episode is taped during September 11th.  I forgot all about them being in the house when it happened!  The previews brought back so many memories and instantly triggered another cry fest.  It is so easy to move on and pretend like nothing ever happened, but when you are reminded with vivid images, it all comes rushing back.  Seeing these kids sit around the television and on the phones with their loved ones totally brings me back to that fateful Tuesday.  What an incredible and awful life experience.  I can't wait to see the episode next week, but I also know that I will have to watch it in my room alone.  Rocking myself to sleep.  We are half way to the end!  It isn't too late to start watching! I have decided that I am starting to hate these cast members.  Kyle can go fuck himself, cuz he is turning out to be a real piece of shit.  Aneesa needs to wake the fuck up and stop being such a self-absorbed bitch.  If Chris opens his lame ass, cheesy, self-help book mouth again, I may just stop in Cambridge, on my way to Boston, and fucking kick his teeth in.  Tonya, the girl has to just cut it.  Kera...you really are a slut, aren't you?  Theo, you my man.  You keep it up...you are one of two that don't piss me off now.  Kerri, you are my dream weaver!  I love you with my whole entire heart. So really...if the whole cast, cept for Theo and Kerri, for some reason die during the 9/11 episode, I will smile.   Ok, no I wouldn't, but can they all just stop acting like little babies!?  They were SO cool before and now...babies Mcbaby. Just to let everyone know...Paul's surgery went extremely well.  Or so we think.  It will take a couple of days before we know for certain.  He was able to go home last night and will be sleeping on his stomach for awhile.  He was really groggy when I spoke to him the first time.  The second time, he was much better, but in some pain.  Don't worry Paul...I will be there soon to take care of you!  I am very excited to get out of here today.  I have been really edge lately and I am about ready to collapse.  I feel much better today, but that is because I get to escape NYC for a weekend.  A LONG weekend that is!  Sometimes you just need to do that.  The city can wear you down incredibly fast.  Long commutes, shit job, no money, visiting friends...just all so much when combined together.  And then it is time to run away and rejuvenate.   I crashed hard after Jessica left this weekend.  I went into this hole and couldn't find my way out right away.  I felt much better when I woke up today.  Boston being the reason or not, I am relieved that I feel good again today.  Sometimes I get nervous that I won't EVER pull out of the low.  But I always do and must come back to this entry to remind myself of that again in the future.  The big dinner for work is May 9th!  Yay!  I really am excited.  I get to dress up, drink free champagne or wine all night.  I get to eat some good, free food.  It will be a blast.  I had a very good time last year.  Rita is very excited too, I think.  All of the work she has done for the last two months will be coming to a head.  It is really quite a thrill!  Unfortunately, we won't have anyone real famous at this dinner.  Well, I hear that Herman Wouk will be coming back.  That's always a special treat.  I mean, the man has to gum all of his food, but at least he is SOMEONE recognizable.  YAY.  Can't wait. My throat is hurting today.   6 more hours until I can get on that fucking bus and hightail it outta here.  I probably won't get into Boston until 10:30pm, which blows, but it's better than not going at all.  I really could wait until the morning and then go.   YEAH MOTHA FUCKING RIGHT! Gotta piss. Be back soon.