Well, I have been at work for about 2 hours and haven't even pretended to do any real work.  Man this job is cake during the summer.   So LAST night turned into an event that was totally unexpected and wonderful.  It started with simple margaritas at The Heights, this absolutely adorable little bar/restaurant down the street from work.  We (Penelope, Kelly, Rita, and myself) sat on the roof top patio and chugged down some frozen margaritas, margaritas on the rocks, and some free shots.  I mean wow!  They was good and so were the talks and laughs that we had. After two hours of drinking, and having experienced a torrential downpour, we finally peeled our asses off of the seats and got cabs home.  Rita and Kelly were being loud in the cab and I actually asked them to quiet down.  That was horrible of me.  A lot of bullshit has been going through my head these days and I thank God that I have such good friends to be able to vent to.  They were so respectful and polite and allowed me to be the killjoy.  I appreciate the support.  All of it. Once home, Rita goes "I'll be back in a couple minutes" and up and bolted from the apartment.  After five minutes of wondering where the heck she could have gone, Rita returns with 3 slices of steaming hot pizza.  Now...what gift could be better than that!?!?  After eating her slice, Rita went to put her bag down in her room and ended up passing out completely on her bed, leaving us to wonder...is she dead or alive?   No one checked on her. She was dead.  And it's all our fault!  Stupid Joe.  Stupid Kelly.  We let our friend die. Kelly and I stayed up and drank a DOUBLE bottle of red wine.  Needless to say, I was pretty trashed by the time I went to bed.  Kelly and I had some intensely wonderful talks and listened to some great music.  It was all very nice.  Around 1:30am I shoved the pizza in my face and collapsed on my bed, passing out almost instantly.  This morning at 8am I rolled out of bed to pack my shit for home and to shower the grime off my sweaty, nasty body.  Rough morning.  Finding a parking spot in the city is a nightmare, but I actually scored a sweet spot right in front of the building. God works in mysterious ways. Oh man.  I gotta go put more change in the meter.  shit mother fucker don't want to get off my lazy ass and go do that, but  BE RIGHT BACK!