I'm Expecting A Kid!!   Those who know me may ask: "How is that possible, Gary? You don't even have a girlfriend." Well, I will tell you: my niece is coming down to visit for a week or two (two, hopefully). I'm pretty excited about it. We usually have a lot of fun together, plus it's always nice to have someone around who will get me off my ass to go do things (having my niece or nephews down pretty much equates into a temporary excercise program for me, which is a good thing). I'm already thinking of cool things to do with her like hitting some art museums, getting her own Blog started, playing some tennis, shooting some basketballs, eating lunches out, a library visit perhaps, and maybe even a trip to the beach (even though I hate the beach). It'll be fun.  This week I've been...   Listening to : I can't get "The D" out of my head or off my Windows Media Player. Tenacious D rocks, my friends. "Wonderboy", from their CD, is one of theirs that I've been listening to over and over again. I also found a crazy Tenacious D track called "Spiderman", which starts off with the theme song to "Spiderman" and then segues into complete lunacy with a musical play-by-play of "Spidey", some guy named David Dark, and "Sassafrassqatch", chasing each other around stage and engaging in "ultimate championship fighting". At one point, one of them whips out their weiner; though I'm not sure who. The whole thing ends with that David Dark guy getting pooped on by Sassafrasssquatch. Complete madness, I tell you!  On the stereo in my room, I've been playing a lot of Hendrix, mostly unreleased jams and outtakes. Jimi was simply amazing.    Reading : Kurt Vonnegut Jr's "Slaughterhouse Five", a very creative and interesting book.   Watching on TV : NBA playoffs (I'm rooting for Kings and Celtics in their conferences, the Kings overall), CNN Headline News, re-runs of "Whose Line Is It Anyway?", Howard Stern, and  "Politically Incorrect". A nice  melange  of news, sports and dick jokes.    Downloading : Tenacious D, baby! Plus I downloaded a few Blondie songs, and am currently jonesing to hear some Dio.   Eating : Still on my 1-meal-a-day diet and doing okay with it. I eat one meal a day, and can have pretty much anything I want (Pizza, to my utter sadness, is off limits). The rest of the day and night, when I'm hungry, I eat apples and oranges, and at night I allow myself a cup of green tea with some milk and honey in it. I'm surprised how well I am doing with it actually. The only set back I had was the week my cat died and even then, I didn't go overboard like I well could have in that circumstance. Drinking a little too much Pepsi though (with my meal). Normally I'd just make Iced Tea with Equal in it, which is better for me than Pepsi, but  I get lazy sometimes  (this is what's called an "understatement").  Tea time!!