Tuesday   I woke up early from the thunderstorm we had this morning and went back to my Mom's room where my Mom (who took today and tomorrow off from work) and niece were awake from the storm as well. I jumped into bed to torment my niece a bit and eventually fell asleep. I woke up around 1pm and got her up too. We had some lunch (Sloppy Joes and potato salad) and then watched the rest of "Airplane!" and 3 episodes of "Police Squad!". It was a pretty yucky day out so we didn't go anywhere. We went to my room and played "Dr. Mario" for awhile, until later when my Mom took my niece up to the pool. That's when the day went sour. I was thinking about what the three of us could do for dinner when they returned with a bag of Taco Bell in hand; Taco Bell for them, that is, none for me. I was pissed. I couldn't believe my Mom did that. I wouldn't have slighted either of them like that. No consideration whatsoever. And to make it worse, not only was there no apology, but my Mom tried to make it out that, somehow, it was my fault that she didn't pick me up anything (she never admits she's wrong about anything, no matter what). So I sat on the couch and watched TV by myself, not saying another word to either of them, while they ate dinner. My feelings were hurt. They ate their food and then they went back to my Mom's room together. That was about two hours ago, and not a word from either one of them. What a fun night. Thanks, Mom!  Finally, I got my niece and we went outside and threw the frisbee until it got boring, then we went back in and watched the "David Blaine: Street Magic" (that guy is awesome) and then the last 3 episodes of "Police Squad!". I worked with her on the guitar awhile, showing her a few more easy tunes (including "Whistle While You Work" and "Twinkle Twinkle Little  Star"), and then we watched "Naked Gun 2 1/2". It is almost 5am now and she just went to bed, I'll be going to bed myself, shortly. I have a feeling we aren't going to do much tomorrow, other than sleep.