Unemployed   Leave it to me, in these times, when many, many people are suddenly finding themselves out-of-work and are looking for jobs, to quit mine. I am officially unemployed now, having called and quit my job a few minutes ago. I was thinking about going in tomorrow, doing it right and giving them a real two-weeks notice, so I tried standing up and moving around for a few minutes (to see if I'd be able to handle doing light work) and after 10-15 minutes, I started feeling strain in my back and had to sit down. There's no way I'd have been ready to go in tomorrow, maybe not even Tuesday, and that would have caused me to get fired anyway, since I'd have missed two weeks at that point, and since Wendy's policy is to fire employess who miss two weeks of work. It's a shit job, and I wanted to quit eventually anyway, but I still feel bad for not giving any notice (12 hours is all they got). Given the situation with the possible firing and the back pain, it was about the only option I had really. So... I guess I'll sleep in a lot this week. That will be good for me, especially since I've been struggling with sleep for the last several days. I figure I'll start job hunting in two weeks, so I'll have plenty of time to rest up between now and then. I'm going to try and sell some Michael Jordan cards in the newspaper, this week perhaps, and if I can get $500 for them, it'll help keep me afloat for a month or two. I don't want to be out of work for long, for financial reasons obviously, but I also don't want to completely slip into my natural routine of being a night owl, which I always do when I'm off from work for more than a day or two. It might be too late for that already, though. I've been going to bed after 4am, this morning it was 7am, and I'm sleeping (or attempting to sleep) until late afternoon. I need a day job so I can do the band thing at night, so I have to be up in the mornings to first find, and then go to, that job.  Sigh...  It's going to be a trying few weeks.