Sunday/Monday   Well, my niece has been down since Sunday night, so I've been occupied with doing stuff with her mostly. Sunday night we played frisbee after dark, and I started her up with her own Blog, but we didn't do too much otherwise. Monday, we went to my work to pick up my paycheck and then on to the bank to cash it, then we went over to Largo Mall and hung out awhile. We had icre cream at the Marble Slab, where they mix whatever toppings you choose (like chocoloate chips, oreo cookies, shredded coconut, etc..)  into your ice cream right in front of you on a frozen marble slab. Pretty neat. Then we went over to a pet store and looked at and played with puppies, kittens, rabbits and ferrets for a bit. We were going to go bowling next, but my niece didn't put on socks, so that was out. It started to rain then, so we headed home. We stopped off at China Beach, a Chinese restaurant nearby, and chowed down. I had their Onion Pepper Steak with a side of steamed Snow Peas (which, by the way, rule), and my niece had the Shrimp Egg Foo Young. We got home, stuffed, and then I ran to the bathroom (nature didn't just call, it screamed) and my niece started panicking because it had started raining hard. She immediately turned on the Weather Channel (in addition to bugs, snakes, asteroids, and other stuff, she's afraid of tornadoes now too). We watched Saturday Night Live on TV awhile, then we went to my room and taught her how to play "Happy Birthday" and "Itsy-Bitsy Spider" on my guitar. She had been wanting to learn how to play the guitar and those were easy enough songs. She picked up on them pretty quickly and did fairly well. We went out soon after that, and played catch on the porch with a basketball, then a football. We  went out and played frisbee in the rain for awhile finally. This ended when two drunken neighbors began arguing and fighting inside their home. We went in and I hooked up my old Nintendo, which I had to clean because I discovered that an old cat of ours had pissed/sprayed all over it (it had been many years since I had it out last). I hooked it up and she played Dr.Mario (my favorite Nintendo game) for awhile. Later on, we had a late supper and sat on the couch and watched "The Naked Gun" and half of "Airplane!" before she got tired and went on to bed. I went to my bed soon after and read another Sherlock Holmes story before I fell asleep.