The last few days, I've been...     Listening to : Not a whole lot lately. I have a   Robin Trower CD  in my CD player in my bedroom, but I haven't played it for days.   Reading : Currently reading "The Adventures Of Sherlock Holmes" by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, a collection of his Sherlock Holmes stories. Very enjoyable stuff. I also find it pretty cool to be reading stories from a hundred years ago. They seem so modern, reminding me a great deal of the TV show "Columbo", which I'm sure was inspired by Conan Doyle's tales.    Watching on TV : Tonight I watched "Osmosis Jones" (because I've always liked Bill Murray) and also the Lennox Lewis/Mike Tyson fight. "Osmosis Jones" was ok. Some funny parts, but it never seemed to decide whether it was a kids movie (the little girl and the cartoon action seemed geared to the kids) or a grown-ups movie (the sex references, the violence), so I enjoyed it at times, and it bored me at times as well. It's not a bad movie, but it's not that great either. I probably wouldn't watch it again, and I don't think I could wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone.    The Lewis/Tyson fight was actually fought last weekend, but I wasn't paying $50 for Pay-Per-View to see it live. It was a much anticipated fight that fell flat. Tyson never had a chance. Lennox Lewis was bigger, smarter, and seemed to have more desire to win than Mike Tyson. Towards the end of the fight, Tyson was hardly throwing any punches at all and it seemed that only part of him (just his physical body) was in the ring. It's sad to see a once great fighter like "Iron Mike" Tyson so deteriorated and dominated. I hope he does the smart thing and retires. As for Lewis, I like seeing a well-spoken and smart boxer as the champion, but he is just too damn cocky and egotistical for my liking. When someone starts referring to themselves in the third person, I find it hard to embrace that person.   Downloading : Nothing. I deleted almost everything on my PC (trying to locate my corrupt files) and all of my download programs are gone. I made back-ups of a bunch of my files today in preparation for the wiping of my hard drive.   Surfing : If you'd read my previous post, you'd know I was checking out cows.   Eating : When Mom and I were out today, we stopped at Missing Links (a golf range with  the best  ice cream) and I had their awesome Lemon milkshake. Sweet! I had Sonny's for lunch (sliced pork, baked beans, coleslaw, garlic bread) and leftovers for dinner. I'm off my diet for the next 10 days (while I'm on vacation), in case you couldn't tell! I'm still not as bad as I was before though. For instance, I didn't get french fries with my meal at Sonny's. In the past, I surely would have. I've quit eating fast food almost entirely. I might have salads or something along that line, but fried foods are out, diet or no.   Feeling : Feeling okay. I'm looking forward to having fun this week, but I have a few problems to contend with (wiping and re-loading my PC, money issues), so my outlook is not entirely rosy.