Holy Cow!   Mom and I were out running the usual Saturday errands and we ended up in a Hallmark store where Mom picked up a few Beanie Baby bears that she was looking for. While we we there, I saw a display that caught my eye. The display was for "Cows On Parade", collectible ceramic figurines that feature cows in unique and sometimes quite interesting and humorous designs. The one I liked best there was called "Daisy's Dream", and features a cow jumping to catch a frisbee. You can see it by clicking   HERE . It is completely silly and absurd, just the kind of thing that appeals to me.  It reminds me of those ceramic Jesus sports scenes, like   the football one , where Jesus is running with the ball and one kid is blocking him and the other is  attempting to tackle the son of God . Incredibly silly and ridiculous, and I absolutely love it!  The other Cow figurine that caught my eye is called "Aggie", which, for some reason, reminds me of a Salvador Dali painting called "  The Hallucinogenic Torreador ". You can see "Aggie"   HERE . Compare the two yourself and see if you can perceive a connection. I think I connect it through Dali's use of colors and dots and also with the image of the bull, which, in typical Dali fashion, is painted as an optical illusion.    I think what I like best about these "Cows On Parade" collectibles is the creativity of the designs. I found a website where you can see all of the different designs, just click   HERE , and it'll take you there. After looking through the site myself, I found a few worth mentioning: "Beehive Bovine" (no one that I've seen has yet connected it to it's obvious inspiration: "The Far Side" cartoons), "Disco Cow" (with it's glitter-ball shirt and gold astro-sign medallion), "Infinity" (I'm a sucker for anything celestial anyway), "Nascow Stockyard Race Cow" (he has wheels on his hooves, racing goggles, and flames on his hind quarters like a dragster...too funny!), "Sky Cow" (really cool), "Cowabunga" (pretty funny surfing cow), "Four Seasons" (very pretty), and "Mooonwalk" (a cow in a spacesuit). There were some Van Gogh inspired ones that were nice and a few psychedelic ones that were pretty cool too. Check them out!  I didn't buy any of the cow figurines at the Hallmark store (if I had, it'd be the frisbee one for sure), but I enjoyed looking at them and can certainly appreciate the creativity. It's kind of scary, though, that I'd be so into something I discovered in a... (gasp!)...  Hallmark store ... you know, a...  " chick store ".  (shivers)  Okay, I think I'd better go grab a beer, sit down in front of the TV, watch sports, and scratch myself until I feel manly again.   Moo!!