Review: "Silence Of The Lambs" & "Hannibal"   In the past few days I've had the opportunity to read both of these Thomas Harris books and watch both films. Here are my thoughts on them...   The Silence Of The Lambs : The book is absolutely brilliant. The writing itself is wonderfully done and the depth and detail are stunning. I started reading it and I just couldn't put it down. Completely absorbing and highly recommended.  The film version is lacking some of the depth and detail, but it is so well put together that the things that got lost from book to film are hardly missed. This is one of the few rare instances where the film version is at least equal to the book version, if not better. Wonderful performances throughout (Anthony Hopkins was frightening in his intensity and Foster was just superb), great screenplay and flawless direction. No false notes here, everything stung of shocking reality. Highly recommended.   Hannibal : Unfortunately, I can't say the same things about this one. Don't get me wrong, the book is wonderfully written, very detailed and engaging, but the story and characters get a bit cartoonish and cliched at times, almost as if it were written for a comic book. The story is, quite often, a bit far-fetched. For one thing, there's the whole revenge-by-feeding-Lechter-to-the-pigs scenario, dreamed up by the "evil rich guy" character (who is no different from the kind you'd find in scores of bad Hollywood flicks, usually, the straight-to-video type) who comes complete with his own hired goons. The most unsatisfying part of the book isn't the cliches though, the part that really disappointed me was the way the creator seems to have completely betrayed his own creation at the very end. After the first book, and most of this one, I felt I got to know the "Clarice Starling" character, well enough to know that how she came out at the end of this book would be completely out-of-character for her: it just wasn't believable. She would have had to of gone completely insane in order for the ending to be somewhat credible. I think that Harris was either going for pure shock value, or else the ending was merely Hannibal's dream, but not credited or written as such. Had Harris stuck to reality and simplicity (two things that worked very much in his favor previously), had he left out the "evil bad guy" character altogether and written the story about Starling's attempt to locate and arrest the fugitive Lechter, but still utilizing Florence and the Italian Police Inspector in the story, it could have been great. As it is, I find it hard to recommend. The movie, to it's credit, eliminated the terribly ill-conceived ending from the book, but that still wasn't enough to save it from mediocrity. Unfortunately, the cliched characters and the silly "death-by-hogs" scenario were still in place, several imporatant characters that played heavily in the book's plot were written out of the movie (some of their traits and actions were added to existing characters, but that only served to make the characters seem a little more over-the-top), and Julianne Moore's portrayal of "Clarice Starling" had more in common with Sigourney Weaver's "Alien" heroine than it did with Jodie Foster's original take on her. Moore completely lacked the warmth and humanity that made Foster's portrayal so believable and touching. Anthony Hopkins was good, but his performance was less intense, and some of the actions of his Hannibal Lechter character seemed out-of-character for a man who is supposed to be a genius. For example, when he first met the Italian Police Inspector, he acted in a protagonizing manner that only served to draw the Inspector's suspicions. Is that the way an international fugitive trying to start a new life would behave? "Hannibal" is contrived and mediocre and, just like the book, I find it hard to recommend.