This week I've been...     Listening to : Nothing at the moment, but I did download some MC5 songs and a few Iggy Pop & The Stooges tracks the other day. I'd always heard that they were great bands and I'd always been curious to hear them, so thanks to KaZaa (lite), I finally have, and I enjoyed them both. They were different than I had expected, more rock than punk, which is preferable to me anyway. Iggy Pop's voice at times reminds me of Mick Jagger, sometimes Lou Reed, and sometimes Jim Morrison. Good stuff.    Reading : I just finished Thomas Harris' "The Silence Of The Lambs" and am well into the follow-up, "Hannibal". Usually the book is much better than the movie, but the movie-version of TSOTL, as far as I can remember (I saw it a few years ago), is just as good as the book. It plays very closely to the book (which is very visual and flowing, just like a movie) and little of import got left out. I haven't watched the movie version of "Hannibal" yet, but I am downloading it (at this very moment) so I will watch it when I finish the book. I'm jonesing to re-read Kerouac's "On The Road" again, but I probably shouldn't because it really makes me want to say "fuck it all" and hit the road. I would love to travel the country like he did. Sigh....   Watching on TV : Nothing much. Mostly CNN, Howard Stern, and "Politically Incorrect". I got to watch "Insomniac" (with Dave Attell) tonight, luckily. They moved the times it airs and it's harder to catch anymore. I absolutely LOVE Dave Attell's comedy! He's one of the funniest guys around.     Downloading : "Hannibal"   Eating : My diet went off the rails on Saturday when my sister came down. I had a gyro (from Stavros) for lunch (plus one of his Baklavas) and then I had Nachos for dinner followed by some ice cream and cake (for her birthday). Not very healthy, but oh well, it was just one day of naughtiness. When my niece comes down next week, I'm sure my diet will go on hiatus, but I'll be back on track after she leaves.    Feeling : I don't feel as depressed as I had been feeling: almost upbeat, but not quite.