When The Cat's Away...   It was a normal evening up until about 12:30 am when I first heard ... it . I had been working on the computer, trying to respond to my numerous emails when I heard a  "scratch...scratch...scratch"  sound coming from the kitchen. At first, I thought it was just my cat in the litter box, but I quickly remembered that my cat was no longer here (he had died recently), so I supposed my Mom was out there fixing something to snack on ...but, when I turned around to look, I could see she wasn't in there.  "Scratch...scratch...scratch".  The range of possibilities of what could be making that noise narrowed considerably, and none of the possibilities made me happy: it was either a  very  large cockroach, or ...a mouse.   In the 25 plus years that I've lived here, I had never seen a mouse in my home, but I've seen more than my fill of roaches. I went out to investigate. I opened one of the doors under the sink and what I saw disheartened me greatly: mouse turds, and big ones at that. I ran to my room and quickly loaded my BB gun.  "Scratch...scratch...scratch". I came back to the kitchen minutes later with my BB gun in one hand and a flashlight in the other. I was ready to kick some mouse ass. I slowly pulled out the top drawer in the kitchen counter (slowly, because I didn't want anything jumping out in my direction) and saw nothing. The scratching had stopped. I pulled one more drawer out, again, slowly. Still nothing. It wasn't until I had all four drawers pulled out that I saw little chunks taken out of a piece of wood between the counter and the stove. I saw a lot more mouse turds, big ones, and I also got a good look at how it had likely entered my home.  My Mother had gotten my Brother-In-Law to do some plumbing work for us a few years ago, and where the drain to the kitchen sink leaves the house, he had left a gaping hole around it. Anything that wanted in, could easily get in through this hole. My Brother-In-Law wasn't a plumber-by-trade then (ironically, he is now), he was merely a landscaper who just considered himself a handyman. More accurately,  my Mom  considered him a handyman. I did mention that my cat had died recently (about three weeks ago), and his departure may be the reason this mouse has been so bold as to enter my home. My cat used to go under the counter from time to time, and I never knew why he'd want to go there as it was filled with cans of pesticides and cleaning stuff and seemed a rather unhealthy and unenjoyable place to hang out. Now that I think about it, perhaps that was his way of making his presence know, saying to the mice and rats and whatnot: "not in my house, you suckers". I miss my cat badly. I sat down on the kitchen floor and waited patiently for the mosue to show himself, flashlight in one hand, loaded BB gun in the other. It was then just past my normal bedtime, somewhere around 1:00 am, I should have been in bed, dreaming dreams. Rodent-free dreams. Instead, I was laying in wait like a hunter waiting on his prey: a would-be mouse assassin. Suddenly his head appeared and I was even less happy than I was before. This was no mouse, this was a ...rat! From the size of his head, I'd say thay he must've been about six inches long from rat nose to rat ass. I aimed the BB Gun towards his head, which began gnawing on the wood piece between the stove and the kitchen counter, and fired. He seemed to have heard the metallic "clink!" of the gun firing and the sound of the BB hitting the wall behind him and he seemed confused for a moment ...then he suddenly disappeared back behind the stove again.  Somewhere between first hearing the scratching noise and removing the drawers, I had pushed the stove in closer to the wall. I didn't know it then, but I had trapped him in. There was no way out except through the gap between the stove and the counter and there was a piece of wood blocking his exit, the same piece of wood he had been gnawing at even before I had completely trapped him. Why he was gnawing on it before, I do not know. As soon as I had figured out his situation, I pushed the stove in as far as I could, I put all of the drawers back in, closed all of the cabinet doors and grabbed some heavy items (full water bottle, tool box, a brick) to put in front of the doors, and then I ran back to get my Mommy.   When I went back to her room and told her of our uninvited houseguest, she became as unhappy as I was, if not more so. She likes rodents as much as I like televangelists. She was no help to me. I wanted her to hold the flashlight for me so I could get a good shot at the thing with the BB gun, but she wanted to remain out of the kitchen. She was beginning to freak out: "I'm scared!", she cried. I asked her if there was anyone she could call this late at night and she thought of someone and called them. Luckily, they had a rat trap that we could borrow. As she was leaving to go pick it up, I asked her to get some rat poison at Walgreens while she was out. So she left. A few moments later, Mr.Rat appeared again and began gnawing at the wood again. I took another shot and missed. My BB gun isn't very powerful, and it is very hard to hit what you aim for with it. The rat disappeared behind the stove again. I looked under the stove to see if any part of him was exposed (looking to get another shot off at him) and I saw his black tail flickering around. I began to hate him even more than Jerry Falwell. My Mom came back with an armful of anti-rat supplies. She had a big rat trap (with a piece of a Slim Jim as bait) which I set and laid out in front of the opening between the stove and counter, she had two glue traps which I laid around the hole in the floor, and she had a pack of mouse traps which were useless on rat this size. I had taken all the drawers out again to lay the traps and now I put them all back in again, also blocking the cabinet doors with the water bottle, the toolbox, and the brick. My Mom also propped a chair up against one door to make extra-sure that the rat wasn't getting out. I pulled the stove away from the wall a little so he could get out of his trap behind the stove and into the new and deadlier traps I had set for him. The waiting game had begun. It was now well after 2:00 am and I  had  to get to bed. We were short-handed at work and it was sure to be a busy and hectic day; I needed all the sleep I could get. So I went to bed.  No more than 30 minutes had past when my Mother began shrieking. There was, she screamed, a rat in her bedroom closet. So I got out of bed, put on my shirt and shorts, grabbed my BB gun, and ran back to her room. I was pissed by then. "What the fuck?!!?", I thought, "Where are these bastards coming from all of a sudden?"   My Mother was laying upright in her bed staring at her closet. "He went in there!" she exclaimed. I went over to her closet with the flashlight (her closet light no longer works) and saw nothing. If he was in there, he was trapped. There was only one way out and I'd have a nice clean shot at him (hopefully), plus I had a found another brick and would not hesitate to hit him with it. I waited awhile, lying on the floor with gun in hand and ready to shoot whatever moved. But alas, nothing did. It was getting later and later and I  really  had to get to bed or I would have to go to work with little or no sleep or else not go in at all. My Mom said that this one was about 4 inches long from rat nose to rat ass, so I thought the little traps she had bought at Walgreens might work on this one. I had her put Slim Jim in and I set them and laid two of them in her closet and two under her bathroom counter, where she said she had heard him come out of. Next, I closed her closet door and grabbed a rug and some towels and stuffed them under her closet door he couldn't get out. I told my Mom to call our Pest Control company and to try and have someone come and get rid of our two trapped rats. I left my BB gun with my Mom, showed her how to use it, and then I went back to bed. Half an hour later, Mom was shrieking again. The rat had pushed the rug back out from under the door and had poked his head through, and, as my Mom told my sister later that morning: "he was looking right at me!". My Mom was still laying upright in her bed, and had apparently been staring at the closet door the whole time I was in bed. She had tried to fire the BB gun, but never took the safety off. I went to the door, with BB gun and brick in hand and waited for him to poke his head out one more time. He did not. Eventually, I pushed open her closet door, slowly, hoping he'd run back in there. He did not. Then I had an idea. The vacuum cleaner was laying right beside me. I had my Mom plug it in and I turned it on. I was planning on sucking the rat into the opening of the vacuum, which should hold him securely, and then I'd take him into my Mom's shower stall to execute him with the BB gun and/or brick. Instead, the vacuum scared him into running back into the closet. I could see him run between two suitcases in there. He had a black tail.   Was this the same rat from the kitchen?  I had certainly hoped so. The thought of a single rat in the house gave me the willies, but to have two?  In one night? The word "infestation" came to mind. "Please, let this be the same rat", I said to myself. I closed off my Mother's closet door just like before and went looking for something to better secure it. I found some wood and placed it on top of the rug that was jammed under her closet door, hoping this would weight the rug down, making it impossible for the rat to push it out. I laid my trusty brick down on it too. Then I went back to bed.  Ten minutes later, my Mother began yelling "Shoo! Shoo!", and I was soon back in my her room, chasing the rat back into her closet. She had taken a shot at it with my BB gun and had missed.  It was now about 3:45 am and there was no way I was going to be able to get up for work in the morning now, especially if I was going to have to keep getting on out of bed to shepherd this stupid rat back into my Mom's closet. I got serious: I got the duct-tape. I took the rug out from under the door and tossed it, then I duct-taped the large piece of wood to the bottom of the door and to the carpet in front of the door. There was still a gap, so I duct-taped the brick to the door to fill it. There was no way that rat bastard was getting through this unless he was Mighty Mouse himself. I asked my Mom to call my work and let them know I wouldn't be going in (I knew she'd be up all day) and then I went back to bed...again. I couldn't sleep very well, I kept anticipating more screams from my Mother, and also the noises that would be normal in the house on any other night, were now accompanied with mental images of rats making these noises. I decided to read to take my mind off of everything, and read I did. The sun was shining through my window as I had finished the book and soon after that, I finally fell asleep. I slept for about 4 or 5 hours and got up after noon. My Mom was out in the living room, sitting in a chair in the corner of the room with her legs up on a footstool, with a broom at arm's length. She wasn't taking any chances. She had not slept. I went back and checked her closet door; the rat had not gotten out. She said the rat quit trying to get out sometime around 5:00 am. She thinks that was when he got tired and went to sleep. She also thought she heard a trap go off, but isn't really sure. I asked about the one in the kitchen and she thinks she heard something, but again, she wasn't sure what it was she heard. Our Pest Control company is due out anytime, so I'm content not to have to be the one to open my Mom's closet door or the doors under the kitchen counter. If there  are  dead rats under the sink or in my mom's closet, Pest Control can dispose of them. And if there are two live rats in either location, then Pest Control can contend with them. After the rats have been dealt with and Pest Control has left, I will seal off that hole in the floor. I may also be ready to get a new cat soon. There's no way to replace my departed feline friend, but it'd be nice to have another cat around, if for no other reason than to say to the mice and rats and whatnot: "not in my house, you suckers".