The Daniel Pearl Execution Video   I just watched the Daniel Pearl execution/propaganda video and I am pissed. Sickened and pissed. I am sickened by the minds of people who could murder a person, in cold blood, and consider it "just" (or even "sane", for that matter), and I am pissed that American television isn't airing the video. I feel that every American  should  see this video, if for no other reason than to gain perspective into the mindsets of many of the people we must deal with on a worldwide basis. And they must be dealt with, especially now, because the threat is very, very real. But mainly, I feel, it is important that we, as Americans, see the video because we need a dose of  reality . Shock treatment, if you will. It's a different world now, and Americans are  targets . We can no longer travel anywhere in the world as simple tourists. As of Septmeber 11th, hunting season on Americans is open and there are hunters out there looking for  us ; for you, for me, and for any other Daniel Pearls out there that they can get their murderous hands on.  One other very important thing about the Daniel Pearl video that Americans need to know, is that he was killed not just because he was an American, but because he was a  Jewish  American. Once again, religion rears it's ugly head. The people who mudered him made him recite many things including the fact that he was a Jew, his Father was a Jew, and his Grandfather was a Jew. They made him make dissenting statements about America's support of Israel as well; all the more reason why Americans should see this video. The people we are dealing with over there are not so different from the Nazis we fought in WWII except they are poorer and less organized. Just what the world needs: Third World Nazis.   Did I mention that they are delusional as well? At the end of the video, they threaten to kill more Americans until their demands are met, demands which include us giving them some F-16 fighter jets that they say we owe them. Sure Mohammed, that'll happen....NOT! I don't mean to be so flippant, but how much more unrealistic a demand could there be, especially at this point in time?   Look, the Middle East is a mess and it  always has been . We are not going to change things over there by sending more American soldiers over there; the only way to change things over there is to wipe out what's there and begin again with a clean slate, which is just not going to happen. To be honest, it needn't be our business to change things over there anyway. If it weren't for their precious oil, we probably wouldn't need to have anything to do with those people at all. What we need, more than anything else, is to change things  here . We need to find and utilize alternative fuel sources and we need to stop buying oil from the Middle East. Period. Let's get the folks who are responsible for what happened on 9/11, and then let's get the hell out of there. Let them do to themselves what they will, and lets just take care of America and our fellow Americans.   That's my 2 cents.   Gary