Smoked Out   I work part-time at a Wendys restaurant. I do that so I can have some steady income, since my online auction money comes in when it comes in, and also because they have extremely flexible hours. It's just a little nothing job: little pay, but also very little stress or responsibility either. Today, however, I almost walked out.   When I got into work today, I found a really surreal scene: smoke heavy in the air, people coughing and gagging, yet still working as they normally would. The hoods over the fryer and grills, which would normally pull the smoke out of the kitchen, were not working. I didn't find out til later that they had not been working since Saturday afternoon. Had I know that, I would have walked out right then. I could barely catch my breath, I was coughing uncontrollably, and I felt like I was choking on toxic fumes or something. My lungs aren't the in the best shape anyway; about a year and a half ago I had a flu that did some damage to my lungs. I just stopped wheezing earlier this year. As I write this, my diaphragm and my throat are sore from coughing, and I am wheezing heavily. I am not happy. What really pisses me off, is that it could have been prevented.   The other managers told me that our Store Manager was being cheap; he didn't want to spend the money to have someone come out and fix the hoods immediately, so he scheduled someone to come out tomorrow to work on them. We are shorthanded at work as it is, we have six people less than what we should have, so he's already saving a ton of money on labor. The money was there to remedy the problem and he opted instead to have everyone to suffer just so he could save even more. To put us into a situation like the one we faced today is totally inexcusable and unforgivable. He's done other highly questionable things before that all stem from his cheapness, but this was the last straw for me: I am ready to quit. In fact, I just called in sick for tomorrow (Tuesday) and I am going to start looking for a new job.