Catching Up   I can't believe it's been almost a whole week since my last entry, but indeed it has been. Here's what I've been up to all week:   Monday & Tuesday : Well, the first half of the week I really did very little of interest. I worked my usual schedule, then when I got home, I ate, then played Dr.Mario in my room while listening to Miles Davis' "  Kind Of Blue " CD and cassette tapes of my own demos. After that, I'd goof around on the PC for a bit and eventually hit the sack, playing Dr.Mario until I was tired enought to sleep. That's about it. Sad, really.    Wednesday : As usual, I was off. I ordered Buenos Nachos from Bradford for lunch and worked on sorting cards at night. I was supposed to rehearse with John Paul, but he never showed...that's twice now. Never called either. I called him later at night and he said he had to work late again, that's why he didn't come over. A call would have been nice. I had been playing guitar and listening to demo tapes on and off for several weeks getting ready for him. Very disappointing.    Thursday : Thursday was a lot like Monday and Tuesday. When I was goofing around on the PC, I downloaded AOL Messenger so I could talk to Billy about me coming up to Georgia to help him record. It looks like that trip may not happen now. Details at a later date.   Friday : Ah! Finally something of interest! My older nephew, Jesse, came down. My Mom went to pick him up while I was working, and shortly after I got home and showered, the three of us were together and chowing on Sonny's for dinner. Sweet! We were stuffed! Me and Jess went to my room and played Dr.Mario and listened to Jimi Hendrix CD's for awhile. I grabbed a Hendrix video, and a Stevie Ray Vaughan video as well, and played a little of each for him. He liked the playing-with-the-teeth, playing-behind-the-back, playing-between-the-legs, and the other cool moves that both guitarists utilized. After that, we went outside and threw the Frisbee for a bit. It was after 11:00pm when I decided to take Jess for a walk. We walked about a half a mile over to Walgreens and we played in their drainage ditch. Huh? You played in a ditch at eleven o'clock at night? Yes, that is correct. I showed him a few kid things that I remembered from when I was a young-un including how to make a whip out of certain long weeds (perfect for chopping down other tall weeds) as well as the beauty of   cattails . When I was a kid, I used to love those things. When they are just the right age and get really soft, you can hit them and make them explode into a dandelion-like snowstorm. Just like I thought, he loved them! He had so much cattail fluff flying that it looked like it was snowing! When we walked around the building heading to Dunkin' Donuts, the fluff was even flying in the front of the building as well! It was great! Anyway, as I said, we went over to Dunkin' Donuts and I got us some milk and donuts. After eating there, we went into Walgreens and looked around (I had a few dollars burning a hole in my pocket) but saw nothing of interest. Bought an Arizona Green Iced Tea and headed on home. We got back around 1:30 am and I helped him write   his Blog . After that, we went on to bed. He crashed immediately, I played Dr.Mario, tried to sleep, but mostly tossed and turned all night.   Saturday : I woke up around Noon, got out of bed a half hour later. I'd hardly slept. It was raining hard and had been thundering and lightning for a while. Jess was still crashed. Eventually, I got him up (by blasting Hendrix's "EXP" at an excessive volume), and the three of us went to a thrift store in Pinellas Park (the one me and Mom just missed last weekend). It was no big whoop. I bought a cassette tape rack there for $3 and Jess got a Sherlock Holmes book ("The Hound Of The Baskervilles") for a quarter. Mom bought a bunch of toys for his little brother too. She dropped me and Jess off at a different thrift store in St.Pete and we looked around there for a bit (Jess got a nice red and white button-up shirt for $2) and then we walked over to Marbos, a chinese restaurant, and chowed down on their buffet. We were stuffed yet again! We walked over to Wonderwater next and we bought a few football and basketball  cards in the 3/$1 bin. I found some of those Little Tite snap-tights that I'd been looking for for months now and they were on sale 5/$1, a great price! I bought 28 of them! I wished I could've gotten more, but they had no more. We went over to K-Mart next and we bought several boxes of basketball cards, some for me and some for him. We took the bus home from there. When we got home, we opened cards and we traded some with each other; no big pulls, but it was the most fun I ever had opening packs of cards. We should do that more often. After a bit, Mom droves us around looking for more cattails, but all the ones we found weren't quite ready yet. We ended up over at Walgreens drainage ditch again. Jess had a field day. Mom let us use her cane to whack them and we had the fluff flying everywhere! He did all that he could reach, so we went to Checkers, grabbed some chow, and headed on home again. It had been a good day and it was turning into a pretty nice evening too. I was laying in bed playing Dr.Mario and Jess was laying on the sleeping bag I laid out for him listening to a Hendrix CD when all hell suddenly broke loose. I was playing my stereo louder than usual since Mom was out in the kitchen, but she had gone to her room, unbeknownst to me, and wanted the stereo turned down. So, did she walk the entire 15 feet from her room to mine and politely ask me to turn it down? Hell no. She decided that the best way to handle the problem was to behave like a child. Our contentment was shattered by sudden screaming and pounding on my bedroom wall and by the crashing of my cassette tape collection falling from the shelf on the wall where she was pounding. Really tactful woman, she, totally irrational. I was in disbelief and I was furious. How uncivil an act was that? If I thought her TV was too loud, I wouldn't have gone to her room screaming and knocking her videos to the floor, that's aggressive behavior. If a man had done that to me, blows would have been exchanged. I told her never to do that again and she told me I could move out anytime. I see. So, apparently, it's okay for her to bully me and destroy my property simply because it's her house. That is some fucked up reasoning there. The whole thing left me shook up and I zoned out for a while. Meanwhile, Jess was hoping I'd do something fun with him. I finally hooked him up with the   Mini-Mizer  and he did that for a while, then we listened to music on the PC together. I downloaded a lot of '80's metal bands like Dio, Judas Priest, AC/DC, Dokken, etc.., and he enjoyed a lot of that. I also downloaded some videos of KISS (he really liked Gene Simmons), AC/DC, Ozzy (with Randy Rhoads), and Dio. We played Frisbee a bit while the videos downloaded. We were both exausted so we hit the sack. Jess read a little more from the Sherlock Holmes book until he fell asleep, and I played Dr.Mario up until about an hour ago when I decided to get up and write all of this. I am extremely tired, but I'm in that crazy zone where I'm feeling just too tired to sleep. My eyes are bloodshot, my feet and legs are sore, and I really should be in bed sleeping; but my mind is wide awake. I guess I'd better go and try anyway.