Return Of The Blahs   I stayed up late playing Dr.Mario again; yet another case of being too tired to sleep. Blah. Finally, after awhile (probably around 4:00am), I was tired enough to sleep. I woke up with a strong feeling that I'd overslept, but when I looked at the clock it was only 9:45am. Nice. Blah. I went back to sleep, and then, after what seemed like only 10 minutes later, woke up again. It was 12:45pm. Blah.  Time and I just don't get along, and it's getting worse the older I get.  I got up, tunrned on the PC, and showed my Mom some cool stuff I'd found while surfing the net the night before, all of which I found on   Dre's List-O-Links .  The neatest site I'd found was one that let you   create your own plastic toy . I made some of various family members. The one I made of Mom really looked like her too! I can't wait to show this to my nephews, I think they'll enjoy this one and the   Lite Brite  one a lot. My personal favorite:   The Farting Dough Boy . If you know me, you'll understand. I also got a kick out of   Jesus Christ Superstore , which features action figures of famous religious figures (they all come with some kind of machine gun!). These have to be seen to be fully appreciated!  So, I showed Mom these various websites I found, then I readied my eBay mailings, and then I cooked two big Porterhouse Steaks for Mom and I. They were good, but I wish I had a barbecue grill to cook them on, they would've kicked about 25% more ass that way. We went to the Post Office and were heading out to hit this thrift store near Parkside Mall, but when we got there it was closing. I didn't feel much like being outside as it was so damned hot out (plus I was feeling Blah), so we went back home, where I played Dr.Mario for a couple hours. After that, I played around on th PC for a bit then decided to hit the sack early. I grabbed the book I'd been reading (mainly in the bathroom up til then), Tim Allen's "  Don't Stand Too Close To A Naked Man ", and went to bed with it. I finished the entire book. The book, by the way, is pretty funny (laugh-out-loud funny in some parts) and pretty darn insightful. The writing is a bit schizophrenic though, jumping from one thing to another without much of a link between, but it's still a worthwhile read.  So now it's about 2:40 am, and I guess I'm heading back to bed, Still feeling a bit Blah, but hopefully I'll be better after  a good night's sleep .  Yeah, right.