Wednesday/Thursday   My friend John Paul was supposed to come over tonight to learn some of my songs (so he'd be rehearsed a little for when we jam with his drummer in a couple of weeks) but he never made it over (got stuck working OT at work). I was really, really looking forward to jamming tonight. Hell, I barely slept last night, I was so psyched about it. I played guitar in bed for a long time and had to get up and record a new idea as well. I had music going through my head everytime I tried to clear my mind. Anyway, he said we can do it next week. I hope so, because he's going to need to learn some of my stuff  before  we jam with his drummer, because he's not much of an improviser and a lot of my newer material is heavy on riffs, so it won't be just leaning which root notes to play.   Speaking about not sleeping last night, I think I may have gotten only about two or three hours of sleep in total (if that). I stayed up way too late reading certain   transcripts of the O.J. Simpson trial , the ones pertaining to the jury itself, hoping to find some insight into the reasoning behiond the jury's verdict in the case. I didn't find a clear-cut reason for it, but I found a lot of pettiness, ignorance, pig-headedness, bullying, childish behavior, whining, and racism among the jury members themselves. Not all of them, of course, and not even the majority of them, but among many of them. Even Judge Ito stated, during the trial, that these people were behaving "like children". I understand that it was an extremely long and stressful trial, but some of the things these people did and said to each other and to the deputies working with them, were just plain ignorant.  I also found it baffling that one of the good jurors was dismissed because someone sent the judge a letter saying that the juror was trying to sell her story to a book publisher and the judge  never took the time to investigate the accusation before dismissing her . She was one of the few white jurors on the jury, and she later stated that, after hearing the evidence she heard, she would have voted "guilty" even if that meant a "hung jury". This one dismissal changed everything, and it appears to me to be a case of jury tampering (the prosecution certainly thought so). The juror denied the story and has never written any book, unlike several other jury members who remained on the jury. It was a disgraceful trial in almost every aspect.  Tonight (almost all night long ...again), I read transcripts of some of the sidebars that we never got to hear on TV. Man! Lawyers can be vicious!  My nephew (the older one) is due down tomorrow. He's going to spend the night, maybe overnight on Saturday too. We'll do some cool stuff on Saturday for sure and we'' play outside a lot tomorrow night too, I am sure as well. I should probably rest up so he doesn't wear me out. Ok... BEDTIME!!