This week I've been...    Listening to : Still have one of the Hendrix at Winterland bootlegs in my CD player. Played a few cassette tapes in the last two days too: Bill Cosby "  Himself " and Steve Vai "  Passion & Warfare " (paid .50 for each at Goodwill). One of Cosby's finest performances. The Steve Vai tape was interesting, but just not the kind of music I can get into at all. He's technically brilliant, but he lacks the soul I like in my music. I also listened to a bit of Maria McKee's "  You Gotta Sin To Get Saved " which is an awesome album. A whole lotta soul in that girl, and as an added bonus, her backing band on this album was   The Jayhawks , one of my favorite bands. Unfortunately, the tape hasn't held up well over the years and is now fluttering a bit. Time to hunt down the CD!  Another tape I put in (that I also need to find on CD ) is Patti Scialfa's "  Rumble Doll ". Patti sang with Bruce Springsteen for years (now she's married to him too) and she put out one solo album, this one, and I love it! She has a really unique voice, very reminiscent of Ronnie Spector.    Playing : Still playing a lot of "Dr.Mario"...will I ever tire of it? Yes. But probably not for a while.    Reading : Most of the way through Christopher Darden's "In Contempt". Just got to the section where they start the trial. I thought Johnnie Cochran was a lying weasel before ever reading this book and it turns out that I was correct in my thinking. What an asshole.   Watching on TV : Hmmm, what have I been watching? Well, not a whole lot. CNN mostly. At night, I've had Howard Stern on, among other shows, but I haven't sat down and watched any of it. It's all background noise while I'm at the computer.   Downloading : Oh, I did download a TV show off of Kazaalite and watch it. It was an old episode of "  The Young Ones ", one of my favorite British comedies ever. This episode was "Demolition". I really love that show! I should see if it's out on DVD. If it is, then I'll need to buy me a DVD player so I can watch it.    Eating : I asked Mom to pick up some Moosetracks ice cream for me and she did. What was she thinking!?!? I know, I know... I shouldn't have asked in the first place, but I did. I'm an idiot sometimes. So... my diet this week is pretty much shot.     Feeling : pretty good, regardless.