Saturday   So... as tired as I was last night, I somehow managed to get only 5 or 6 hours sleep. I stayed up too late (somewhere around 6am) playing Dr.Mario again so I figured I'd just sleep late and put my Post Office stuff off til Monday. Instead, I got up around Noon, did all of my mail work as soon as I got up, went to the Post Office a little earlier than usual, and then headed up to my sister's house with Mom.  The rain wasn't bad at all on the drive up, so we stopped at two Salvation Army stores along the way. I picked up a Bill Cosby's "Himself" cassette (in awesome condition) and five paperback books including "Lord Of Flies" (I read this back in middle school and wanted a refresher), "Macbeth" (it's one of the New Folger Library versions, which I really like), Tim Allen's book "Don't Stand Too Close To A Naked Man", and two others in a cosmic vein: Carl Sagan's "The Cosmic Connection" and Arthur C. Clarke's "The Promise Of Space". Not too shabby for a grand total of $3.00. When we got to my sister's house, only my older nephew was home. The others, minus my niece (who was staying at a friend's overnight) got home shortly after. I did a few things on my niece's PC with my nephew (I started a blog for him), but a friend of his came over and he disappeared into his room pretty much the whole night long (playing video games). I didn't do much with my younger nephew either. He was occupied with catching bugs outside most of the time, then later, with watching his brother play video games. With the two boys off doing whatever, I worked on my niece's computer pretty much the whole time I was there.  That thing was a mess! I had a lot of work to do in order to get it running well again. For one thing, she had no anti-virus protection on it and hadn't for months. I downloaded a free one for her and it said there were 76 virus/virus mutations on her PC. They're gone now. I downloaded the updated version of Explorer and a bunch of Windows updates for her. I downloaded Window Washer for her too, which cleaned up an enormous amount of space on her hard drive. I ran Scandisk and it found errors on her hard drive that it corrected. I defragged her PC last. It seems to be running OK now. I probably should have let her continue suffering with the damn thing though, since she doien't do what I tell her to do with it. I set it up to run Scandisk and defrag and other programs every Sunday night, all she has to do is leave her computer on, yet, she never does. If I'm the King of Procrastination, she's the Queen of Lazy. We wound up leaving around 10:30pm, after I got a haircut from my sister (shaved almost completely bald). It rained a little on the way home, but not too bad. We stopped at McDonald's for fruit parfaits, but they ran out, so we had hot fudge sundaes instead. Earlier, we had Steak & Cheese subs from Publix, which weren't bad.  I'm glad we went up there, even though I didn't get to do too much with the kids (I played with their cats and dogs more than them), it was a nice change of pace nonetheless.