Friday/Saturday   I've been having a pretty cool weekend! Friday night I went out to Gasoline Alley to watch my friend's band, Blue Condition, play. My friend Sue picked me up and I hung out at her place for awhile before heading over there. Sue and I started drinking Bourbon & Cokes almost as soon as we got there! I had 4 of them, but somehow managed not to get hammered (I rarely drink, so it doesn't take much anymore). My friend's band put on a fun show, but they had problems (mainly with the sound guy) and their set came out very uneven. The band that followed them was great though. They're called   Damn The Torpedoes , and are made up of guys from several prominent local bands (Stranger, Foreign Legion, the Bobby Friss Band). They ROCKED. The whole band was solid, they were great! I was impressed with the lead singer a lot (the guy from Stranger), especially the way he worked the crowd, but as we were leaving, more than halfway through their set (it was about 1:15am and Sue had to be up for work at 5am), the singer said something like "what, you're not going to say goodbye?" and gave me a strange look. It took me a moment to realize that everyone in the place was looking at me and laughing at me. That really pissed me off. He didn't have to do that. It had been a totally enjoyable night up until then.   Saturday, I did my usual Post Office run and went to Goodwill stores with Mom. The first one was a new store and it kind of sucked ass. I only found one book I thought looked interesting. it's called "Chickenhawk" and was written by a Vietnam War helicopter pilot. My Dad fought in the 1st Cavalry Division in Vietnam,  which relied greatly on helicopters, so I thought it'd be an interesting read for me. The other Goodwill we went to was much better. I picked up a few paperbacks (including Mary Shelley's "Frankenstein"), but the hardbacks are where I really scored big. I normally don't buy hardbacks because 1) I'm a cheap ass and paperbacks are cheaper, and 2) If I buy a hardcover book, I want it to be in perfect condition (for my permanent library), and since most that I find in Goodwills aren't in top condition, I pass on them. But they had a great sale on hardcover books that day, 4 for $1, so I went nuts on them. I bought 3 Stephen King books (It, The Dark Half, Four Past Midnight), an awesome book on Venice (filled with a ton of photos of locales and Venician artwork with complete descriptions of everything), a beautiful Reader's Digest series of classic books (the books are in gorgeous condition) including books by Nathaniel Hawthorne, Jules Verne, Rudyard Kipling, and Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, among others. The prize of the Reader's Digest series for me is the Conan Doyle one which contains both  "A Study In Scarlett" and "The Hound Of The Baskervilles", neither of which I've read before and both of which I've been jonesing to read. I also picked up some books that I probably would not have picked up had they not been just a quarter each, like Christopher Darden's book (one of the O.J. Simpson prosecutors), Magic Johnson's autobiography, and Bill Cosby's "Fatherhood". I picked up an Anne Riice book too (I'd been wanting to read some of her stuff for awhile), but it looks like a dog tried to eat it! I figured for a quarter, I'll take it anyway. I got around 21-22 books in all and it cost me just a little over $8.00 for everything. You can't beat that! I'll be set with reading material for a while!