This week I've been...   Listening to: Jimi Hendrix at Woodstock, 1969. I have 3 different CD's of this performance (  1 official release , 1 official release that's out of print, and   1 bootleg ) and have been listening to all three of them. I've also had   Donovan  and   Howlin' Wolf  on the CD player as well.  Playing: Still playing a lot of "Dr.Mario", nothing's changed there.   Reading: Nothing at the moment. I'm having trouble deciding what to read next. I've got a lot of unread books, but nothing I'm really dying to read right now. I really want to read some more Vonnegut and Sherlock Holmes books, so I may be heading to the library this weekend unless I find something good at Goodwill.  Watching on TV: Not watching much of anything lately. I watched "  Insomniac " (  Dave Attell  is great) last night, and that's about it. "Politically Incorrect" ran it's last new show on Friday (unjustly cancelled), so hopefully they'll rerun some of the older ones before disappearing altogether. I'm really going to miss that show (as I ranted in a previous blog).   Downloading: A bunch of stuff!! I finally reloaded Kazaalite so I've been downloading a lot of my current favs (Tenacious D, Dio) as well as stuff I absolutely must have around (Eddie Izzard). I also downloaded the brand new Los Lobos CD ("  Good Morning Aztlan "), but haven't heard it all the way through yet. I need to take a trip to Circuit City or Best Buy soon and pick up some of these CD's, especially The D and the new Wilco CD.  Smiling: I got my niece started on her own blog two weeks ago, but she never added anything to it. That changed on Saturday! I checked her page, and to my surprise, found that she finally made an entry on her own! I can't explain why, but that makes me very happy.  Eating: Back on track with the diet again. Haven't been eating apples much though. Not much of anything at all, really, mostly drinking Iced Tea (sweetened with Equal).  Feeling: Feeling okay: a little up, a little down, but always with a strong undercurrent of doom, probably due, in some part, to the warnings of possible terrorist attacks on the upcoming 4th of July holiday.