Labor Day Weekend: Friday   I had a short day at work and have been playing around on the computer since 3pm. I downloaded most of the new Rush CD, I liked what I heard, but they just aren't writing at the same level as they did in '80's. Also on a music related note, my friend Sue just told me that Los Lobos is coming back here on November 6th! I know where I'll be that day! Woo! Hoo! I'm very excited about that. It sounds like I'll see a bunch of my friends there too, it's going to be great! Money is tight right now, but where there's a will, there's a way!   I also downloaded some of the new Jimmy fallon CD tonight too. I like him from SNL, and I like a lot of his CD, but it gets just a bit too "frat-boy" for me, especially during the stand-up comedy part of the CD; some of the songs are pretty cool though.   I've been working on several trades on the computer as well, pricing cards and going back and forth with many different people, so it's not all been play. I've got a lot in the works. Trading is sometimes more tedious than it's worth, there's lists to make and emails to write (back and forth and back and forth, etc...), but sometimes it is a pleasure. One guy I trade with in particular, he's always very easy to deal with and a nice guy all around. I bid on and won a few cards on eBay tonight and got some killer deals, but again, money is tight, so I probably shouldn't have spent anything this weekend. I guess I'll have to put a bunch of cards up for sale this weekend, I really could use the additional money right now anyway.   I haven't done much else tonight. Earlier, I watched "Everbody Loves Raymond" on TV, and then I watched the Basketball World Championships off and on. Nowitzki hit some killer shots and his German team seemed to have all of the momentum at the half, but Paul Pierce (this guy is awesome) and Ben Wallace came on strong in the second half and the USA won again. Speaking of Ben Wallace, I'm still pissed the Magic ever traded Big Ben to Detroit, but I understand they needed the cap room for Grant Hill. They had no excuse for trading Bo Outlaw though, that was just plain stupid. If the Magic still had those two guys, man, what a team!  Well, I guess I'm heading to bed; I've got a long weekend, but also an awful lot to do.   Peace.   Out.