Busy   I've been a very busy man these last few days, putting in 12-14 hours a day in working on my   basketball card trade page , making tradelists, pulling and organizing cards. I have cards all over the house and now I'm finally getting them all together and organized and listed for trade/sale; it's a colossal undertaking. I giot the web pag up and running over the weekend and have added a bunch of lists, but Ihave a lot more to do. I'm doing the trade page so I can trade cards for cards I want but also to find good ones to sell on eBay (all of my best ones have already been sold). I have an enormous amount of work ahead. I'm not sure why I started all of this now, I have enough going on in my life and should probably be using my time more wisely, but this stuff does need to get done eventually or else I'll never get rid of all these cards.   One of the things I  should be  doing with my time is recording a demo tape. My friend will be by tomorrow to jam again and I'm sure he's expecting a tape of my music to practice with. Maybe I'll do that while he's here tomorrow.  My back has been so bad and then I got all involved with the card stuff, I haven't picked up a guitar for a week (very unusual for me).   Speaking of my back, the Aleve has been working fairly well; I still have pain but not enough to miss work over. The main problem I'm having now is sleep... still. Today I went to work without having slept a wink. I didn't take a nap or anything when I got home either, and I'm still up. It's crazy. Last night in bed, somewhere around 1:30 or 2:00 am, I started thinking about a storyline for a screenplay. My mind went off on it's own basically, off on a tangent, going through details, characters, and possible scenarios, and before I knew it, the sun was shining through my window. A little while later, my alarm clock went off. I absolutely refused to call in again, so I got up and went in. I dragged through the day, but I made it. When I got home, I saw the mess on the table (the cards) and started working on them; I didn't even eat dinner until an hour and half after I got home because I went straight to work (and I was hungry when I left work too). I think I must be going insane. Something is wrong with me, something mentally perhaps; I'm just not quite right and haven't been myself at all lately.