Damn...   I can't believe what a mess I am at this point. I was in bed by 12:30am last night and by 10am, I had gotten maybe 30 minutes of sleep, an hour at the very most (in bits). After barely sleeping last night, I'd have thought I would have fallen asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow, but that didn't happen. Did I forget how to sleep? My mind just would not shut down. I tried to think of something pleasant (thinking about what I'd do if I won the lottery) and that's all it took; my mind started exploring every possibility and it simply would not stop. Hours passed and my mind was still exploring the subject. Am I insane or something?  So, I got up around 11:00am, after lying in bed for an hour unsucessfully trying to get a few winks before the alarm went off, and felt like shit. My chest was feeling tight, and my right foot was sore from the walk last night because I didn't put shoes on before walking (I have a tiny broken bone in my foot that gets inflamed from time to time), and I was feeling completely wiped out...again...beyond exaustion, if that's possible. I was adamant about not calling in to work today, no matter how shitty I was feeling, after all, it was only a 2 1/2 hour shift (just lunch rush) and I'd be back home shortly, so I went in. I was lucky that they put me in the back, collecting money and giving back change; real easy work. I made it through my shift and dragged myself home. I was limping by the time I got home, from my sore foot. I got home and tried to sleep, but even then, after barely sleeping for days, I still could not fall asleep. I am feeling fatigued beyond belief, and it's unbelievable to me that I still am not in bed sleeping. I decided to take a trip to Walgreen's tonight and I picked up 1) Aleve, for inflammation, 2) Doan's for my back pain, 3) some herbal sleeping pills, and 4) some Celestial Sleepytime tea. I feel like the Terminator of Sleep. I am primed and ready to kick sleep's ass. So now it's about 12:30 am, and I am heading to bed. I took the Aleve, I drank some tea, I am going to take the Doan's and sleeping pills after I shut down here, and I hope to finally get a full night's sleep, a peaceful night's sleep. Wish me luck.