Another Wasted Day...Almost   I went to bed last night around Midnight and read in bed. The plan was to read until I tired out, but instead I read until almost 4am; I finished the book I was reading. I tried to sleep but wound up just tossing and turning all night long; no matter what I did, I could not get comfortable (because of my back). At one point I opened my eyes and the sun was coming through my window; so much for a good night's sleep. I tried forcing myself to sleep ("go to sleep now, you must go to sleep"), but of course, that doesn't work. I finally got up around 8:30am, 2 hours before my alarm was set to ring and called in to work. I was extremely hesitant about calling in sick to work yet again, but my back (and midsection) was just so sore and I was also having some discomfort in my chest, so I figured "better safe than sorry" and did what I had to do. I called my Mom's Employee Assistance Program, which is supposed to reach out to family members as well, but they couldn't offer any medical help to me other than mental counseling. I looked around the internet for som answers and some help, but found neither. At this point, I hadn't slept but a wink or two here or there, if that, I was ready for bed again, and I assumed I'd wind up sleeping the whole day; this day looked like a total waste.   Luckily, things changed.   I woke up at 2:30pm, not sure how much I actually slept, but I know it couldn't be much; a thunderstorm woke me up around 1:30 or 2:00 and kept me from sleeping. So I got up. I worked on cards for a few hours, making lists of cards for sale/trade; it's long and tedious work, but absolutely necessary if I'm ever going to get rid of all these cards. Later, my friend John surprised me by dropping by, which is a true rarity. I showed him 3 new riffs I was developing, we played around on the computer and talked a bit. I lent him my Kurt Vonnegut book, "Slaughterhouse Five". After he left, I instant-messaged with my friend Sue for awhile, which was cool. Then my friend Rob called and I was half listening to him while still IM'ing Sue. He wanted me to call him back later, which I really didn't want to do (I don't have a whole lot to say, and besides, I hate talking on the phone). I tried, didn't get an answer, so I took a walk around my neighborhood. I walked 3 blocks, up and down the streets. It was pretty humid out, not a nice night for a walk, but at least I was out doing it... finally. I'd been wanting to start evening walks for awhile; I'm hoping to make it a habit.   So the day started as a total waste, but I got to talk with my 3 closest friends, I got some work done on my cards, and I took a walk; I got some things done today. Not too shabby...  It is now just after Midnight. I am heading to bed to read a book (not sure which yet), and I'm hoping to get myself a good night's sleep.