The Times They Are A-Changin'   Well, I am getting some kind of bullshit mixed message from my stupid part-time job. For the last 2 weeks, my back problems have gotten bad and I've had to call off or else take off early from work on several occasions. My bosses seemed to understand (and even appeared genuinely concerned about) my back problem and besides, they they finally hired a few more good people so we aren't hurting at work like we were for awhile; I didn't think my taking time off as needed would be such a big deal. But alas, the new schedule came out today and they chopped mine to bits. They changed it so that I did not have my usual Wednesday off and decided to give me Friday off instead. Not too a big deal, I could've swung with it for one week, but then they also cut my remaining hours nearly in half. I wanted a part-time job, but 16 hours is barely a job. I questioned the head manager about it and he explained that when I called in or left early it hurt them because they have no one to cover for me. Three or four weeks ago, this would have been absolutely true, but now we have enough good people who are already trained and could easily cover. I think the real reason they are doing this now is to make sure that the new people they hired are getting enough hours so that they won't go off looking for another job. See, they schedule most people from 11am to 2pm for lunches, after that they only need about 3 or 4 people to stay til 5pm. There aren't many hours to go around to begin with and most of the new hires want hours. It doesn't take a genius to put two and two together. I don't know why he had to bullshit me about it. I'm not delusional, I understand that they want less hassle and want someone dependable in place, but all they have to do is ask anyone "would you work til 5?" and my shift would be covered. It's really not that big of a deal...or so I thought. So here is my plan: since I have more time on my hands, I will have more time to look for a new job, one that offers insurance, so that when I am in pain, I can get medicine and won't have to suffer through it and call in to work. Voila! Problem solved!