Friday/Saturday   Friday was just like the days before it: near sleepless. I got about 3 hours sleep and couldn't even get that until 10:30 or 11:00am. So, I called in to work again. I missed 2 1/2 days this week due to that shit. Just terrible. My mind just won't shut down when I try to sleep. I'll lie down and try to think of pleasant things and then I'll start trying to rationalize the things I'm thinking of, down to every last detail: "How could this scenario be possible?", and then I'll break it down in my mind and explain how it could or could not be possible before moving on to the next thing. I'm insane, and I know it.   The other thing I do is time-checking. I'll lie there awhile, note that I'm still not asleep, check the clock, and tell myself "if I fall asleep now, I'll only have 7 hours of sleep". Then I'll toss and turn for another hour, and check the clock again. Before I know it, the sun is coming out. I need to figure out how to sleep again, since it seems I've forgotten how.  I struggled to get through Friday, but I was able to sleep a little better Friday night/Saturday morning. Not because I've figured it out again, but because I was just flat-out exausted.   Saturday was an improvement. I got up after sleeping for 6 hours, checked a few auctions I was watching on eBay (lost both) and went back to bed again for 2 more hours. I didn't sleep but maybe 30-45 minutes out of those 2 hours though. I got up again, got my mailings ready for the Post Office, then went to the Post Office and mailed everything.   When I got back, my sister, my niece and my younger nephew were here waiting for us. They were supposed to be here a while earlier, but they stopped to shop first. We took off to Goodwill and were there for awhile. Goodwill has raised their prices. I was loving getting cassette tapes for .50 each, now they're a dollar. I liked getting my paperbacks for .50 each, now they're a quarter more. My booty from Goodwill today was: (1) cassette tape (John Cougar's "Nothin' Matters And What If It Did?") and 4 paperbacks (George Orwell's "Animal Farm", Mark Twain's "Adventures Of Tom Sawyer" & "Adventures Of Huckleberry Finn", and Mario Puzo's "Omerta"). Not too bad for $4, but it would have been GREAT for $2.50, like it used to be.   After Goodwill, we were trying to figure what to eat; me and my niece wanted Sonny's, my sister wanted Mexican food, and my Mom was undecided. We wound up at Red Lobster. My Mom said that's what she really wanted, and who was I to deny her? Woo-hoo! Or so I thought. They managed to fuck up my meal in many ways. First, they didn't give me a silverware set-up. I finally had to ask for it when they brought out my meal (I borrowed a fork for my salad). Then, when they brought out my meal, they forgot the Shrimp Scampi. I had to ask the waiter if he took it down on the order, he said he did but the kitchen must have overlooked it. When he came back, I had to return my steak. I orderd it Medium and got it Well Done. It was so dry, I could barely chew it. I got it finally,  after  I was full. I had to take it home in a doggy bag. For the inconveniences, they gave us 3 free desserts; just what we needed. We were so stuffed from everything else, we wound up taking the desserts home too. It was about the worst dining experience I have ever had at Red Lobster, and I've had other bad ones too (undercooked lobster is  the worst !).   On the way home, Mom pulled into to Walgreen's back parking lot: Cattails!!! My little nephew, Austin, had a ball! I showed him how to make them explode and he was in heaven, just like his brother was when he was down a couple weeks ago. He had Cattail fluff flying everywhere, and I mean  everywhere . The Pharmacist in Walgreen's drive-up window was watching him go to town on the Cattails and she seemed to be enjoying it as much as we were. That was very cool, and a relief. I was worried they might get annoyed or angry with us, but they weren't at all. She even grabbed another Pharmacist and they were both smiling and laughing at my nephew and his exploding Cattails.   From there, we went home and I went running to the bathroom (upset stomach still). I came out and played around on the guitar with my niece, who has not been practicing her guitar playing at home like she was supposed to be doing. I showed her my effects pedals and helped her with a Green Day song she likes. We went out to the computer and I played AC/DC songs for them (Austin loves "Highway To Hell", to my Mom's dismay). Of course, I had to play "Big Balls". My Mom  really  likes  that  one! I showed my sister some of those IPIX Virtual Tours I found when I was surfing the net the other day. She really liked that.   They left somewhere around 9:30pm. I followed them out to the car and mooned my niece, my nephew and my sister, consecutively. They were laughing their asses off. I walked back into the house, in their headlights, with half my ass out. Being an Uncle is good.    The rest of the night I spent Instant Messinging my friend Sue and watching the re-run of the Jack Black episode of Saturday Night Live. Awesome show! Jack Black was great, but Will Ferrell was THE MAN. I am going to miss the hell out of him next season.   Well, it is 2:38am now, so I'd better try and hit the sack. How successful I'll be is anybody's guess, but I'm going to try anyhow.   Peace..out.