Tuesdaywednesdaythursday   The last few days are a blur to me. I haven't slept well all week. I went home from work early on Tuesday and then I called in sick today. It's almost as if this week has been one very long day (hence the title of this entry). Let me see what all I've done this week....  * I worked a lot in my room, rearranging things in there to accomodate the guitar equipment that I magically rediscovered. I also had to make room for my new 4-track as well.   * I listened to several CD's while cleaning (and also while playing Dr.Mario). They include Chris Bell's "  I Am The Cosmos ", George Carlin's "  Classic Gold ", and Jimi Hendrix' "  BBC Sessions ".  * I had Bradford Pub for lunch on Wednesday, my usual Buenos Nachos, which ruled as always.  * My friend John was supposed to rehearse with me on Thursday, and once again, he did not show. This is not good. Very disappointing.  * I tried the adapter to the new 4-track on my old 4-track, and guess what? It works. I just need a new adapter, then I'll have 2 working 4-tracks!  * While looking for my old unfinished songs and lyrics, I dug out some of my old Diaries from 1990 and 1991 and read some of my entries. Emotionally, I was up-and-down a lot back then, everything was "life and death". Youth... I've since stabilized (well, for the most part, anyway).   * I worked on a schedule for myself, trying to ration my time. The main reason I did this was to put aside additional time each night for bed, hoping to get myself a good night's sleep more frequently. I am also going to start taking my back pills at night too. I have to do  something , I certainly can't go on the way I have been.  * I've been surfing the net. I checked out   Ray Romano's website  and watched outtakes from his show there. I also found a few virtual tours of places like   Evatone  (where I used to work) and   Graceland  (for my Mom).   * I've been working on a few basketball card trades on the internet this week as well. I definitely have to make a trip to the Post Office this week.