Woo-freakin-hoo!!!   I am literally jumping with joy!! I went into the spare room of ours looking for my lost allen wrenches, but they weren't to be found. However, I found something much, much better: my long lost Wah pedal!! I thought it inadvertantly got put in a box of items I gave to Goodwill a year ago! I looked high and low for it and and finally, reluctantly, wrote it off as "history", resigned to have to fork out some mo' money for a new one. But, lo and behold, here it is! It was lost and now it is found! Woo-hoo!!   Speaking of my lost allen wrenches, I spent most of the night working on setting the action and intonation on my guitar. What a major bitch that was! I'm glad it's over and done with. Whew! I got off to a very shaky start though, since my wrenches have gone missing, so I had to borrow one from a friend of my Mom's who was nice enough to go out and look through his tools for one that fit. That was very nice of him to do, and it helped me out enormously!  Before I got down to work, I went to Walgreen's with Mom and picked up some blank tapes for the 4-track. I want to start recording stuff as soon as I familiarize myself with the recorder. I can't wait! Life is getting better!  Well, for some of us anyway. A new girl started working at my job today. She is really nice, intelligent, looks sort of like Justine Bateman and sort of like Sandra Bullock too, and appears to be someone who you'd think would have a bright future ahead of her. However, she is 5 months pregnant already (she's 19) and apparently (from what I heard from others), doesn't even have a boyfriend or husband. Whether that is true or not, I will find out later, I'm sure, but I get really bothered by this trend of young women or girls, getting pregnant before they've had a chance to experience life, before they've had a shot at becoming somebody or following their dreams, and then, doing it alone, which only makes it worse for her and the child. It's a real shame. I saw how my sister's life has been since she got pregnant early (at 16), and I know how hard things have been for her, that she feels like she lost part of her life (the best years), that she never really had a chance to live, always bogged down with the responsibility of parenthood. At least she didn't have to do it alone though. I feel really bad for this new girl, and like I said to my friend Sue earlier, I don't even know how to react to her when and if we ever discuss her pregnancy. I'm sure we will eventually, it's so dead in the afternoons at Wendy's that all we have to do is talk. It's hard to be happy for her when I know the kind of struggle she's going to have, and I don't want to make her feel bad about herself and her life either by bringing up how hard it's going to be. Tough situation.