Thursday Night Blues   Blues? Yeah, I don't know why, but that's just how I'm feelin' tonight. I'm not sad or depressed though, in fact, I'm in a pretty good mood. It's a  positive  kind of blue.   I am currently listening to some Brazilian rock/pop music, a band called Legião Urbana. A kid I work with, Felipe (who's from Rio), told me about them. He said they were a "rock" band, so I downloaded a few songs. I was expecting something a little harder, a little heavier than this (it's more like "lite rock"), but this is alright.   I had been reading a web journal all night that I found on the SNL newsgroup. It's a little graphic (languagewise), so I won't post the link here. The young woman who writes the journal works in an adult video store and has some real horror stories to tell. She is also part of a comedy improv group called "Baby Wants Candy" (from Chicago), so it was pretty amusing too. It was definitely a very interesting and enjoyable read, though not for puritanical types.   Last night I put a tape on of a jam session I had with some friends back in 1993. I re-discovered an old song of mine that I had completely forgotten about. It has a killer riff! I'm going to work on it, add additional parts, and make it even better. I also came up with a 2nd guitar part for another one of my old songs, "Blues All Around", so I may start playing that one again. I had originally scrapped all of my older material (I wanted to go in a different direction, musically), but there are a few older ones I think I'll revisit; I just need to tighten them up lyrically and musically.   My part-time job is becoming an even bigger bitch. Two of the managers actually made fun of me for taking Tuesday off ("Ooh, my lungs hurt!"), which I couldn't believe. They have me work in smoke. I choke, gag, cough, wheeze, and strain my diaphragm at work, then I go home and continue coughing and wheezing and continue dealing with the sore throat and diaphragm, feeling so bad that I had to call in sick, and  that's funny to them ? Very uncool. Then they changed my schedule. I now have to come in half an hour earlier every day. Why? Because school starts next week and we lose several people. We are already running with 5 or 6 less people than we're supposed to and now it gets worse. To top it off, my pay increase was supposed to have gone into effect two weeks ago and it hasn't shown up yet. I am so over this job.