Lately, I've been...     Listening to : Not much, really. When I'm in my room for extended periods, I've been playing tapes of myself playing guitar or else just playing the guitar.    Reading : A while back I started a Dean Koontz book, but it didn't really hold my interest, and then I started having sleeping problems and haven't read anything since. I need to get back to reading again, I enjoy it a lot.   Watching on TV : I've gotten a new evening TV routine. From 6pm to 8pm: "Home Improvement", "Everybody Loves Raymond" (2 episodes), and then "Seinfeld". I just realized that each of those shows stars a stand-up comedian. Hmm....interesting (or maybe not).  I  was  watching "The Simpsons" from 6 to 7, but then they started rerunning a handful of the same episodes over and over and I got bored. I usually watch Howard Stern from 11pm to Midnight, and in between, if I watch any TV at all it is usually 1) CNN Headline News, 2) Saturday Night Live re-runs, 3) Animal Planet/Discovery Channel/History Channel (basicaly, anything considered "educational"), 4) "Curb Your Enthusiasm" re-runs (the new season starts soon!), or 5) miscellaneous comedy (stand-up specials, classic sitcoms, or humorous talk shows). "The Sopranos " begins a new season this month and I'm looking forward to that. Basketball season isn't far off either....   Downloading : I downloaded a bunch of Foo Fighters tunes tonight. They did some very cool covers of some old songs, "Baker Street" and "Baby Hold On To Me". I also downloaded some Hendrix too. There are a couple of new Hendrix releases available by mail-order only  that I haven't gotten yet. I will though, soon hopefully. I downloaded some Matthew Sweet stuff the other day too.    Playing : Not much at all. Mostly I've been playing "Boggle" on the PC, but it kind of sucks. A lot of words it uses are highly questionable (foreign or ancient words), and a lot of valid words it doesn't recognize (like "scam" for one).    Eating : I'm doing better than I did last year at this time, but I know I can do better. I haven't had Pizza for many, many  months, I cut way back on milk, eggs and bread, I don't eat ice cream, cookies, or pies anymore either. But, I do eat Ritz crackers with peanut butter and honey on them, buttered popcorn, Muenster cheese, and I drink a 2-liter of Pepsi every week, so I'm still not doing as good as I could be.    Feeling : Better than I have for awhile.