Back And Blogging   Man, I can't believe it's been a whole week since I've blogged. It's been an up and down sort of week, really good (I worked out a few killer basketball card trades, my friend John cut the price of the 4-track I'm buying from him from $200 to $120, and one evening, I got to take a walk on the beach with my friend Sue) and really bad (I had to go to work with less than an hour of sleep one day and with only 3 or 4 hours of sleep the very next, I got into an argument with my boss, and I lost a card that was supposed to be sent tomorrow in one of my trades). My sleep problem caused me a lot of trouble at work on Monday. I discussed having short shifts all week with the manager who makes the schedules (I'm taking it easy until I can get an appointment with a doctor for my back and sleep problems) but my boss (trying to do me a favor and give me more hours) changed my schedule without telling me and had me working a longer shift on Monday. So, when I went in on Monday with less than an hour of sleep (I went in solely because it was a short shift, normally I'd have called in),  he got pissy with me when I told him I wasn't going to stay later. I think it has passed, and I don't think it was me in particular he was mad at either (he yelled at 3 or 4 people that day). Luckily, since Tuesday night, my sleeping has gotten better throughout the week too. I'm still working with shorter hours at work until I can get my back looked at (which may take awhile). I can always ask to stay later if I'm feeling good that day, so it could be to my advantage doing it this way (although financially, it's a crippler). Since I'm working less, my paychecks will be smaller for awhile...so what did I do to help with the loss of income? That's right... this week I spent $40 on basketball cards on eBay and bought a $25 ticket to the Nov.6th Los Lobos concert. I also have a huge mailing day tomorrow that will probably cost me about $30-$40. I  really  need to put up a bunch of cards on eBay this weekend and get some money coming in again. well, I guess I'd better get to bed; if I get moving early enough tomorrow (and if the weather cooperates), I may be going up to New Port Richey to watch my nephew's football game.    I'm outta here!