I'm Still Alive   And that's about it. My sleep problems have been getting worse and worse. It's messing me up all day long, everyday, and it's killing my wallet because I'm losing so much time at work. This has been going on for about 3 months now. I've tried sleeping pills (herbal), Nyquil gel caps, herbal tea, Tylenol PM pills and nighttime flu/cold liquid as well, I've tried going to bed earlier at night, later at night, I've tried counting backwards, I've tried thinking happy thoughts, I've tried not drinking caffeine anywhere near bedtime, I've tried snacking before bedtime, and a bunch of other things...still, I barely sleep anymore. I have tried figuring out what the cause might be, and everytime I think I'm on to something, it doesn't add up out. I don't think it's any one thing anmore, I think it's cumulative. It's getting worse because I keep adding to my worries.  I'm really crazy about this girl I work with. I want to ask her out (in fact we're supposed to go to a few museums together the next time our work schedules allow) and maybe I'm more worried and scared about it than I think I am about the whole prospect. She's awesome; smart, funny, beautiful, and we really click when we're together, but I'm ...well...me. I can't get over my inadequacy issues, feeling that I'm not good enough for her, not rich enough (at all), not physically fit enough, and on and on and on...and maybe I'm sabotaging myself to avoid the inevitable rejection and heartache if I pursue her. That line of logic would be: if I don't sleep, I don't work. If I don't work, I don't see her and I don't get paid. If I don't get paid, I won't be able to take her out. Since she works with me, she'd see that I'm not at work and would know that my paycheck would be very short, so I'd have a valid excuse for not taking her out...of not getting any further involved...of not getting any further attatched...thereby lessening the chances of my getting hurt again. I don't necessarily believe this is true, but at this point, she is the main thing that occupies my mind, other than my terrible financial situation. I think it's because my problems are beginning to intersect that my sleep is sufferring more, now than ever. I don't know what to do. I'm in bad, bad shape and I'm in risk of destroying what could possibly be the best relationship I'll ever have.