Lately, I've been...     Listening to:  I had on Jimi Hendrix "Live At Woodstock" last night, haven't really been listening to too much. My niece gave me her Alicia Keys CD tonight (she didn't want it anymore), so I'll probably be listening to that shortly.   Reading: Still working on Anne Rice's"The Witching Hour". Stayed up all night and day reading it on Tuesday/Wednesday. Still have a bit more to go. It's a little long in parts, but really good nonetheless.   Watching on TV: "The Simpsons", "Everybody Loves Raymond" (2 episodes), and "Seinfeld" is my usual evening fare. Other than the occasional basketball game or documentary, I'm not watching much TV. Sundays has been my main TV night, but my Sunday night lineup has changed: "Curb Your Enthusiasm" is over for the season (REALLY short season!), but there are still 2 more new episodes of "The Sopranos" to go!   Downloading: I downloaded a bunch of Johnny Cash (stuff from his last 2 "American" CD's, I only have the 1st one), Little Steven (I downloaded Pearl Jam and Jackson Browne covers of his great song "I Am A Patriot", plus a handful of his songs...I've never really heard him before, only heard  of him ), Cat Stevens (I am loving "Trouble" and "Don't Be Shy"), and also a bunch of Pearl Jam live covers (The Beatles, The Who, Cat Stevens, etc..). I can't get the Cat Stevens song "Trouble" out of my head. Pearl Jam did a nice cover of it.    Playing:  Football. Not a video game, but two-hand touch football. I had my niece and 2 nephews down over the weekend and we played that and ball tag, and then today, Thanksgiving Day, I wound up playing two-hand touch football again with my nephews, 2 of my brother-in-law's brothers, and 2 neighborhood boys. I am beat!   Eating: Thanksgiving Day....need I say more?   Feeling: Sad, anxious, depressed, and happy.   I had a nice happy weekend with the kids, but then I learned that my Grandmother died on Saturday evening, which really saddened me. We corresponded a lot by mail up until five years ago when I quit replying. She was in poor health then too and I got tired of having nothing positive to say to her about myself, of complaining about my life, so I stopped writing. Her last letter has been on my desk for five years now, waiting for something, anything, good to happen so I could start writing again. I wish now that I had written her anyway, but it's too late for wishes now.   On top of my Grandmother dying, the girl I'm crazy about at work still hasn't gone anywhere with me yet (she said she wanted to). I only get to see her for a couple hours at work per week right now and I want to see her more, outside of work. I'm getting the feeling, she doesn't feel the same though. Everyday it's: "Are you feeling up to doing anything today? No? You're sore? Okay." She is very much pregnant (8 months now), so I'm not sure whether she's blowing me off or if she's really unable to do anything. I really like her a lot, (and this sounds absolutely terrible) but I hope she really does feel lousy and is not just trying not to hurt my feelings by rejecting me outright.    I'm also tortured with the feeling that I am never going to find someone, that I will die alone. Life has been very unkind to me in the love department. They say: "Good things come to those who wait", but how fucking long must I wait? Goddamn!  Speaking of waiting; I'm also waiting, still, for Curtis, a bass player I used to work with at Evatone, to call me about getting together to jam. He said a few weeks ago that we need to get together and jam, my friend Sue gave him my number, and I have a drummer ready to go too, Jimmy (from my friend John's band), but as of yet, no word from Curt. This waiting around shit is killing me.