Lately, I've been...     Listening to : Primarily old "You Bet Your Life" radio shows. I love Groucho's humor and these old radio shows are just full of it. Humor, that is. I also got to listen to Los Lobos play live at Jannus Landing on Nov.6th. I went with my friends, Sue and Rob. It was a good show, not the best I've seen from them (they had some sound and equipment problems), but well worth the ticket price. They played (in no particular order): "In the Neighborhood", "Hearts Of Stone", "Luz De Mi Vida", "I Got Loaded", "Don't Worry Baby", "Big Boss Man" (Cesar started this one to kill time until David's amp started working again; it had died as he started "Colossal Head"), "Colossal Head", "Malaqúe", Neil Young's "Down By The River", an Allman Brothers song ("Don't Keep Me Wonderin'"), among many others. Here's the setlist that I found on a   Los Lobos website :  Malaqúe>  Maria Christina  Don't Worry Baby  Evangeline  Oh Yeah  Colossal Head>  *Big Boss Man>  Colossal Head  Hearts of Stone  Luz De Mi Vida  Done Gone Blue  The Neighborhood  I Got Loaded (w/Lovelight verse)  Down By The River  Runner  Runner  Runner  Cumbia Raza  Encore:  Don't Keep Me Wonderin'  I'm not sure what "Runner" means, and I don't think it's 100% in the correct order either, but close enough. I really love Los Lobos, they're such a great band! I also ran into into a guy I knew from when I worked at Evatone, Curtis, at the show. He's a bass player and he said we should get together and jam. I'm all for that. Sue is supposed to give him my number so we can hook up. I can't wait!   Reading : I read all 3 of Grouchos' books "Groucho and Me", "Memoirs Of A Mangy Lover", and "The Groucho Letters:  Letters From and To Groucho Marx" in the last week or so (all very enjoyable) and have started an Anne Rice book, "The Witching Hour". I've never read any of her books before, but she writes beautifully and I'm sure to pick up more from her.    Watching on TV : "Curb Your Enthusiasm" has been killing me week after week. It's definitely the funniest show on television. I've been watching that, "The Sopranos" and basketball a lot. Not too much else. Great "Sopranos" this week! Just awesome!   Downloading : Old radio shows, especially Groucho Marx material. I've also downloaded some from his contemporaries like Fred Allen and Jack Benny, and some old radio serials.    Playing : I've been playing "Grand Theft Auto" a lot. Morally, it's a terrible game and it should be shunned...but man, it's fun! I guess it's ok to be evil as long as no one gets hurt.   Eating : I just started walking again tonight. I need to keep that up. As far as the eating part goes...I'm eating too much milk and butter again. Mom keeps making pumpkin bread and it begs to be slathered in butter. I'm trying though, and I'm still doing better than this same time last year, but I can still do a whole lot better.   Feeling : I don't know how I'm feeling...anxious, I suppose. I have two young women that I am semi-involved with at the moment and it is torturing me and pleasing me at the same time. I'm pleased that I've got some interest there, but also worried that it's going to end with me getting hurt yet again. One lives in another state and we've conversed a bit over the internet, and the other I work with. She is pregnant (with someone else's child) and has some other problems (big ones) besides that. She's a handful, but we get along so well. I'm really not sure what to do. My own confidence about myself is a whole 'nother issue. Plus my health issues. Besides that, my finances are killing me as well. They keep cutting my hours at work (I'm down to 10 1/2 this week) and I absolutely have to look for a new job. I've got a lot going against me and most of it is of my own doing. I've made my bed, but I don't want to lie in it. I want a new bed.