Rock Bottom Has Been Hit   Just when I thought things could get no worse, things got worse. I started averaging about 2-3 hours of sleep a day (not even in a row!), and some days I did not sleep at all. It got so bad that I decided to take a week off from work (which turned into two weeks) to try and break the cycle I'd gotten in. That didn't help very much, not at all, actually. All it wound up doing was causing me more stress, financial stress. Plus, I haven't gotten to see the girl at work who I really, really like for 2 weeks now (I really miss her too) and I'm worried that maybe I've lost any or all ground that I've gained with her. I'll find out Monday, when I return to work.  I went to the doctors last Monday and he prescribed Restoril (Temazepan), which has done almost nothing for me. I'm still having a ton of trouble getting to sleep, often not falling asleep until daylight, but once I'm asleep, I do sleep now. We'll see how well I get up on Monday (yay!).  I don't think my doctor cares very much about my well-being; neither he nor his nurse even bothered to take my blood pressure. I mentioned my back problems and he completely ignored it. All he really did was ask me a bunch of questions, listen to me breath for a minute, and then he wrote a prescription. I was expecting a checkup or something, to find out why I've been having these problems lately, but I got almost nothing and it cost me $55. I won't be going back to him. I'm going to have to start working A LOT. I've needed to get a new job for awhile, but I NEED to be working 40 hours a week now. I am so far in debt, to everyone it seems, and I HATE IT! My Mother's birthday was last week, and instead of buying her something nice, I had to borrow $200 from her so I wouldn't bounce some checks I'd written. I hate not having money and I need to do something soon to get some. My Mom put some pants on her Sears card for me so I could get a better job, but the pants are miscut and unwearable (they look like clown pants). It's been one setback after another all year long. I hope things start getting better soon, I really need a vacation from rock bottom.