Last Week: From Christmas To Now   Christmas Eve was disappointing to me. Instead of wrapping the 4 CD's I bought Mom for Christmas and giving them to her the next day at my sister's house, I went back to her room and gave them to her that night. She was busy wrapping presents and she totally dismissed my gifts. Her reply was "hand me that box over there." Not even a "thank you". Later, I did get a "thank you" when I brought her some scotch tape that she'd asked for. Nice. She gave me my gifts before we left for my sister's. I got 2 Jimi Hendrix CDs: "Wild Blue Angel" (single disc) and "First Rays Of The New Rising Sun" (which I already had), The White Stripes "White Blood Cells" CD (with a special bonus DVD), Beck's "Sea Change", and Dio's "The Beast Of Dio". I also got a big can of Poppycock (yum!), 2 jackets, a shirt, and a CD game ("Pharoah"). Of course,  I  thanked her for everything.   We left for my sister's house around 9am on Christmas Day. The kids were already awake, which kind of sucked; I always have fun waking them up on Christmas morning. They tore through their presents. I surprised my nephew with the CD he got. He thought he was getting AC/DC's "High Voltage" CD, but I gave that to my brother-in-law (along with a $10 Blockbuster gift card) and gave him Dio's "The Beast Of Dio" CD, which he had wanted even more. I also gave him an assortment box of football card packs. I didn't give my niece the "Vacation" video that I'd bought her, I decided to keep it for myself because it's an "R" rated movie, but I did give her the handheld Simon game, batteries, a deck of Uno cards, and the glow-in-the-dark frisbee. My younger nephew got a whoopie cushion and 4 book/Hot Wheels cars combo packs, which he really didn't seem at all interested in them. I could have saved myself $25 and not bought him anything, I probably would've gotten the same reaction from him. I gave my sister a $20 gift card for Books-A-Million and I gave my Mom the aforementioned CDs. At my sister's house, I received 2 gifts. First, I got a coffee mug from my older nephew. His other grandmother took him shopping and bought various gifts for him to give. Later, when we were leaving to go back home, I thanked him for the mug and he replied "what mug?" My niece got me a Christmas card.   I was real disappointed in my sister and brother-in-law. I had asked them to get the kids to make cards for their grandmother (and hoping they made one for me too) but they didn't. At least my niece personalized her card to me, which was great, my older nephew made some effort, but the little one did nothing for anyone else and that seems to be ok with his parents. I'm afrraid they're going to grow up to be spoiled little brats who take everything for granted, who appreciate nothing, and who think little of giving back. That worries me.   We had a nice Christmas dinner, my sister made meatloaf with vegetables (mixed into the meatloaf) and Stouffer's Macaroni and Cheese (which rules). It was better than it sounded to me a few days before. I played outside with the kids (with the football) for awhile, and later played my older nephew's "Grand Theft Auto: Vice City" Playstation 2 game with him for awhile too. Not a game I'd have given a child (my niece's boyfriend gave it to him). It was  extremely  violent, and far too realistic. Fun though.   On Friday, I switched with someone at work and got to leave early. I was able to make a doctor's appointment (I was still really congested, my sinuses were killing me, and my ears were plugged and achy) and went to the doctor's at 4pm. $55 later, we dropped off my prescriptions at Walgreens and headed to Best Buy to exchange the Hendrix CD that Mom got me (the one I already had). I exchanged it for a special edition of Los Lobos' "Good Morning Aztlan" CD that comes with a bonus disc. I also bought the 2 CD version of Hendrix's "Wild Blue Angel" CD. Sweet! She had to get a refund on a video she bought at Toys 'R' Us (I did it for her) and then we decided to go up to my sister's again (to pick up my niece, who was supposed to come down this weekend). Of course, my niece made other plans. My sister said "you should have called first", which pissed me off. Why does it always have to fall on us (me and my Mom)? Why can't  they  ever take the responsibility? I was none too happy. I decided to have my older nephew down instead, since he said he wanted to come down. The next thing I know,  both  nephews are coming down. This pissed me off as well. Nobody bothered to ask me if I wanted both kids down (I didn't), instead, my sister asked the 5 year old if he wanted to come down. I was the one who would ultimately have to babysit the two kids, to do stuff with them, yet it never occurred to my sister to ask me first. I wasn't feeling well, I tried to get out of it, but apparently my sister wanted to have a weekend without any kids around, so I got stuck with them both. I like having the little one down by himself. I don't like having the little one down with any of the others. He's yoo young to do most things the other kids can do, and he always wants to be included in everything I do with the other kids, so he limits what I can do with them. Pretty much all we can do is play catch and watch TV, and that's about all we did do. I had a lot of stuff planned and I got to do almost none of it. Besides him limiting what I can do, him and the older boy argue and fight constantly, so that situation just wasn't much fun for me. My niece is supposed to come down next weekend now and I'm going to try and get her down on Friday, by herself.