Lately, I've been...     Listening to : Nothing the last few days, mostly been sleeping.    Reading : Finally finished "Cavett". I have ambivalent feelings towards the book. Some of it was interesting and informnative and some of it seemed obnoxious and boring. Not sure what I'm going to start next...probably "Helter Skelter".    Watching on TV : "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Saturday Night Live",  and various History Channel and National Geographic Channel shows. Not much for TV lately.    Downloading : I downloaded a bunch of comedy stuff; CD's of Brian Regan, Jim Breuer, and Richard Jeni, as well as a bunch of hilarious radio appearances from Regan and Breuer. I've gotten behind on my CD buying in the last few years, there's so much out there I want now. I'm thankful that I'm able to download this stuff to hear it in the meantime.   Playing : I broke out my "Caesar III" game and played a bit. I like the game a lot, but I still haven't figured out how to run a city without losing money and pissing of my citizens. Sounds a bit like me in real life!    Working : One of the girls I work with is a major bitch and is getting worse. She's always trying to tell others what to do (while being a lazyass herself) and she's always sticking her nose in everyone else's business. I went home early today (another employee wanted to stay later so we switched) and she kept busting my balls over it ("What time are you  supposed  to work until?"), as if it were her concern. She's been doing my usual job lately too, running the drive-thru register. She had been making comments about how come I always get to do it and apparently she's complained to the managers about it. She's been there a lot less time than me, but because she used to be a manager at a different Wendys, and because one of the managers is her buddy, she thinks she should have run of the place. This doesn't sit too well with me, not at all. I don't like my job enough to put up with that kind of shit for long. We will be butting heads shortly.    Eating : I haven't been drinking any Slim Fasts lately, but I also haven't been eating a whole lot either, and I have been trying to be more watchful of what I eat, if that means anything.    Feeling : I'd be feeling OK if I could just shake my leftover flu problems. I'm still very congested and I still have an earache in both ears (and one ear is still closed). I have a headache right now from it all. I was going to go to the doctors tonight, the walk-in clinic, but I found out it costs $70 just for the visit and said "fuck it, I'll live with it awhile longer". I'll have to make an appoointment for next Tuesday or Wednesday, whenever I'm off early enough to go, at my "regular" doctor's office (the one who gave me a half-assed lookover last time). I hope it goes away on it's own, soon, but knowing my luck, I doubt it will. I'll probably have to continue being miserable for awhile more.