Lately, I've been...     Listening to:  I listened to the newly remastered "Smash Hits" by The Jimi Hendrix Experience last night, which, as I said before was  the  album that got me started with Hendrix and with the guitar. I played along with it on guitar a bit too. I also listened to disc 1 of the David Cross' new comedy CD that I bought the other day, "Shut Up You Fucking Baby!". He feels the same way I do on a lot of issues, like religion (in particular), and ridicules all the right people. I also had on AC/DC's remastered "Highway To Hell" CD, and then put on the remastered version of "Stevie Ray Vaughan's "Couldn't Stand The Weather" CD, rocking out while I cleaned my room.    Reading:  Still working on the Dick Cavett book...slowly. The personal stuff on him is incredibly boring for me, but he has great insight into comedy and comedy writing and he also talks about Woody Allen and Groucho Marx a lot (two of my comedy idols), so it's not a total snoozer or without merit.    Watching on TV:  "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "Seinfeld", some basketball, and "Tough Crowd" (Colin Quinn's show). Other than Howard Stern now and then, that's about the extent of my daily TV viewing right now. I did watch a re-run of "Friends" tonight though.    Downloading:  I downloaded Little Richard doing a Leadbelly song that I enjoyed hearing back in the day ("Rock Island Line"), and I tried to download the newest Jimi Hendrix CD on Dagger Records (his family's record label), "Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions", but was unsucessful. I only got half of one track downloaded and then I was cut off (by the other user). I'm dying to hear that CD, but won't have money to order it until tax refund time.    Playing:  No games at all. I did get Mom to pick me up another civilization building game, "Pharoah", the other day, but I have to wait until Christmas to open it. It looks really cool. It looks like I'll be able to build Egyptian pyramids, temples, and even the Sphinx. Sweet! I still haven't played my "Caesar III" game, which I bought several months ago. It's a civilization building game too, only based on ancient Rome rather than Egypt. I love those types of games, "Age Of Empires", "America", "Star Wars: Galactic Battlegrouds"...fun stuff!    Eating:  Mom's been bringing food home all week. Tonight we had Boston Market chicken (with mashed potatoes and spinach), but I wasn't real crazy about it. I think Publix's chicken is better, and I've had better mashed potatoes and gravy elsewhere. I hadn't tried Boston Market before, and I don't think I'd want it again. Last night's supper was awesome; mom brought home a gyro and a small greek salad from Stavros! It  kicked ass !! The night before that, when we went up to my sister's, I had Papa John's pizza, then later, on the way home (after the Christmas show and after shopping my ass off), I bought us Chik-Fil-A. The night before that, we had McDonald's Filet-O-Fish sandwiches. I've been munching on chicken nuggets at work, fries to once in a while, I need to knock that shit off again. I quit eating anything at work for a long time.    Feeling:  Not bad...wistful? I dunno. I feel better that I finally wrote my Grandfather, that's for sure. It's been almost 4 weeks since my Grandmother died and I had wanted to write him sooner, but I kept putting it off (I got really sick too, so at least I have an excuse).   I'm looking forward to Christmas next week (5 shopping days left!). I know I'm not going to get much, and I HATE getting up early to travel up to my sister's house, but I always have fun with the kids once they get up and start ripping open their presents. Hopefully we'll be bringing at least one of the little shits home with us that night. I really need to get some money coming in so I'll have something for when one or more of them come down, and I still need money to buy the last 2 Christmas presents that I need to get. What to do, what to do...  Susan, the pregnant girl from Wendys (the one I was crazy about) came in sometime Tuesday with her newborn baby (so I was told) . I'm glad to hear they're both healthy and well. I guess she's planning on returning to work at Wendys in a month or two. I don't know how things will be between us anymore, the way she left without saying anything to me kind of left me feeleing rejected, neglected. I suppose there's always hope, always a chance that we could get together still, but at this point, I'm not feeling it anymore, and it seems like an alien idea to me now.