Saturday/Sunday   I got up around 2pm and started working. I got a bunch of packages ready to mail (my usual routine), but I never got to the post office. Instead, I watched "Vacation" again with my niece and then made her a tape to practice guitar to. After that, we played some "Dr.Mario". My two nephews were supposed to come down and stay the night and finally got here around 6pm. I played with the boys for awhile in my room. The little one would stand on a blanket on my bed, then I'd pull it from under him so that he'd fall on his booty or else the older nephew and I would hold a blanket across the bed so that the little one would trip over it and fall on his face. Don't ask me why, but he loved doing that, so that's what we did for half an hour or more. I tried showing the older boy how to play "Dr.Mario", but he was having trouble with it and soon grew bored/frustrated. My Mom and nice went out to pick up dinner (mmm...Sonny's!) while I spent some time with the older boy looking at and trading basketball cards with him. When the food arrived, we chowed down, big time, once again. After dinner, I put a tape on for the little one (he loves the Japanese TV show "  Johnny Sokko And His Flying Robot ",  just like I did as a child), and then me, my niece and my older nephew went out and played catch with the football awhile, and then, after that, we went to my room and played "Dr.Mario" some more. After a bit, we came out and watched "Vacation"... again! My older nephew hadn't seen it. The little one had already crashed with Grandma at that point and then halfway through the movie, my niece crashed too. After the movie, me and my nephew went outside around 2:30am and threw the frisbee for quite a while. We played "Dr.Mario" until my nephew fell asleep, and then I played it myself until around 5am.  I slept like crap that night. My nephew took my comfy pillows and quilt and I just couldn't get comfortable. My Mom and little nephew woke me up around 1:30 pm, but I wasn't ready to get up yet, then they did again around 2:30pm. I got up then, but was still very tired. I ate breakfast (Burger King Ham, Egg & Cheese Croissants...yum!) and then woke my niece up, who had been in bed for around 13 hours. Bum! I had my niece practice her guitar with the tape I had made for her while my older nephew played "Dr.Mario". Eventually, me and my niece ended up playing "Dr.Mario" again. It's funny, I hadn't had that game out for at least five years (probably more), and now we can't stop playing it. I went out to the living room with the boys and played with them awhile and we wound up watching the last half of "Aliens". Around 8pm, their Dad arrived and everybody got packed up and left for home. I must've been in bed about half an hour later. I slept 'til around Midnight, got up, ate dinner, washed clothes, worked on the PC, blogged, and went back to bed sometime around 3am. I was hoping to get some real sleep before I got up at 10 am for work.  You know, that's the bad thing about vacations: they always end.