6 Shopping Days Left!!   I  almost  have my Christmas shopping done..yay for me!!! I spent a small fortune (for me, anyhow) on Christmas this year. I hate having shitty Christmas Days, but it'll probably be pretty thin, on the receiving end for me, again this year since no one really has much money. At least I did my part to try and make it better. I got my sister a $20 gift certificate for Books-a-Million, I got my niece a handheld Simon game, batteries for it, a glow-in-the dark frisbee, and a video ("Vacation"), my younger nephew is getting 4 beginners books that each come with a Hot Wheels car, he'll probably get a few Fart Bombs too, as will my older nephew, who will be getting a Dio CD ("The Beast Of Dio: Greatest Hits") that I still need to buy. I'll probably get him some football cards too. My brother-in-law is getting AC/DC's "High Voltage" CD, which I originally bought for my nephew (I forgot he liked Dio better). I may keep the "Vacation" video for myself since I would prefer to get my niece a Pinball game for her PC. I bought myslef Jimi Hendrix's "Smash Hits" CD tonight. This was the album that got me started with Hendrix and with guitar playing. I got my Mom 4 CDs too (Van Morrison, Rod Stewart, Barbra Streisand, and Elvis) which she picked out, with my assistance. I just hope I haven't overspent, since I still need to buy a few things. Luckily I got some money in today, which helps a lot, but as of right now, I have no idea how much I have left, if anything. I think I still need about $20 to finish up my shopping.  The one Christmas blunder I made, which cost me about $60 total, was freeze-dried space ice cream. I thought it was going to be a really cool, different, gift to give the kids, but I took some up tonight to let them try and and  they hated it . Fuck! I ordered extra last night because I didn't think I'd have enough to go around and it appears they  don't want any . Great. What a waste. I guess I know what I'll be snacking on for the next month. I really could've used the money for something else, I knew I should've had them try some over the weekend when I was up there. That would've saved me $35.     Austin Sings   We went up to my sister's again tonight for my youngest nephew's Christmas show that his daycare puts on every year. He just stood there last year but he was more animated this year doing gestures and singing a bit. He looked really shy up there on the stage, which is way different from how he is around family. In fact, I was hoping he'd grab the mic and break into "Big Balls" or "Highway To Hell", like he was singing earlier in the night. That would've been hilarious! I sat between my niece and older nephew and we laughed and joked during most of the show, when the other kids were on. Before we left for the show, everyone chowed on Papa John's pizza, everyone tried and hated the aforementioned freeze-dried ice cream, and then, as we were leaving to go to the Christmas show, I tackled my niece on the front lawn. She was walking to the car with her boyfriend and I came up fast behind her, grabbed her, and took her to the ground (not without care, I wouldn't hurt her). She never knew what hit her! Her Uncle Doug was laughing his ass off! Later he said that it was the highlight of his whole night! I embarrased her after the show too. First I bared my buttcrack in the parking lot, then when she said her goodnights and was walking to her parent's car, I started waving my arms and yelling (in as retarded a voice as I could) "Bye, Dana! Daaaa-Naaaa...bye! Bye, Dana!". Everyone in the parking lot was looking at us! She kept walking towards her car as fast as she could without acknowledging me. I knew I got her though. It was great! It's good to be an Uncle.