Brrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!   I am freezing my balls off! Our heat/air is broken and it is cold inside this mofo, 56 degrees last I checked. I have a space heater thats keeping my room fairly warm, but out in the living room...fuhgeddabotit. COLD. I spent the night at my sisters last night and barely slept. She has a stupid dog that kept me awake, plus I had no blanket and a hard pillow, then the boys woke me up early with their big mouths). After I got up, Mom made me my favorite breakfast, "Dippy Bread", which, in high society, is also known as French Toast. Me and my sister went out for about 2 hours shortly thereafter. We hit the USA Flea Market, Encore Music (my Mom wanted to get my nephew a recorder, so I got one for her), and then to Fantastic Toys. I  almost  bought a new guitar pedal at Encore. Boss put out a new wah/univibe pedal called a Virtual Wah that kicks ass and was only $150. I might lay it away next week when I'm down. I started to this time, but then I started thinking about my bills and backed off at the last minute. After me and my sister got back, I workied with my niece on her guitar a little bit. She needs to practice without me, but she never does, so she's progressing painfully slow. Me and Mom stayed up there tilll about 6:30 tonight and then headed on home, to our icebox of a home. We went up yesterday afternoon, after hitting the new indoor flea market (I bought 7 cassette tapes: Ratt "Out Of The Cellar", Cat Stevens "Greatest Hits", KISS "Destroyer", Mark Knopfler "Local Hero", AC/DC "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap", Prince "Purple Rain & "Around The World In A Day" and I also picked up a nice hardcover Stephen King book, "Rose Madder", all for a total of $9.00), and after I talked Mom into heading up. I'm glad we did, we had a good time. Mom took me and my oldest nephew out to the mall and we had a good time looking at Spencers gifts. They have all kinds of funny, neat, and cool gags and toys there. My nephew loved it! We went over to Toys 'R Us next and looked around there. Mom got me a computer game there, "Pharoah", where you can build Egyptian cities. Looks cool! After that we went to Circuit City and I bought my nephew AC/DC's "High Voltage" CD for Christmas. I also bought myself David Cross' new CD too, "Shut Up You Fucking Baby!" (it's a 2 CD set and was only $14, I couldn't resist). We wound up going for Chinese food after that and we took it back to my sister's place and chowed down. It was ok food, I've definitely had better, but the prices were good. I played with the boys awhile and later, I taught me older nephew how to play Poker and helped him with Solitaire too. All in all, a pretty fun weekend.