Lately, I've been...     Listening to : I haven't been playing CD's at all lately, mainly listening to stuff I downloaded on the PC (see below).    Reading : "Cavett", a fairly boring semi-autobigraphy of Dick Cavett. Why? I keep asking myself that same question. I always thought he was someone who found himself to be extremely funny and clever, a very egocentric person, and quite frankly, a bore. So why am I reading an autobiography on the man? Because he was friends with Groucho Marx and Woody Allen and because he had Jimi Hendrix on his television show, not once, but twice. I guess I'm just hoping the book will talk about those folks. I'm a good way through it, and still no luck there.    Watching on TV : I am loving Colin Quinn's new show "Tough Crowd". It's a bit like his NBC show that was pulled prematurely, but it still features a small group of comedians just talking and joking amongst themselves, riffing. Good stuff. Still getting my daily dose of back-to-back "Everybody Loves Raymond" as well as "Seinfeld" too (most nights).    Downloading : A TON! I downloaded Chris Robinson's (from The Black Crowes) solo debut "New Earth Mud" (what I've heard of it, I loved), Uncle Tupelo's CD "Anodyne", all of Ryan Adams' solo work as well as some of Whiskeytown's stuff, some Woody Guthrie (I had never heard him before, only heard  of  him), and the last two Wilco CD's (which are brilliant). I really need to start buying CD's again, I'm getting way behind. There's a lot of good stuff out there nowadays it seems.    Playing : No games right now, just surfing (the net) and playing guitar.    Eating : My freeze-dried space ice cream has arrived and I've had 2 packs already! I may have to order more before Christmas at that rate!  I chowed down at Wendys today. I ate a burger and a fry, which is extremely rare for me. Normally I'll eat a few chicken nuggets, if anything. I haven't really been eating much due to the flu, but when I do, it's usually the wrong stuff. Like yesterday, I ate about 3 chicken nuggets at work, then I ate Sonny's for dinner and had a cup of hot chocloate later at night. Not a ton of food, but the wrong stuff.    Feeling : Dissatisfied. I'm just not happy with my job, my social life, my finances, my living situation, my band situation (I still don't have one), or anything else in my life. I've been thinking a lot about my Grandfather and the rest of my family up in Pennsylvania and I've been contemplating a move back home in a couple years. I don't know that things would be any better for me up there, but I miss the family an awful lot and I miss Cochranville a lot too. I have to start taking care of business here soon.