Feelin' Like Crap!   I've come down with a cold or a flu or something and now I feel like shit. I'm super congested and my body aches. I called in to work for tomorrow (a 12 hour notice) and I got the "guilt treatment" from my boss. When I told him why I was staying home, he said "I've had one all week too... have a nice day off." "I've had one all week too.." Like I don't get what he  really  means, that he was sick and still came to work and there's no reason I shouldn't be able to work too. In other words "You're a pussy". "Have a nice day off"? He thinks I'm full of shit too, the bastard, but I know it's him who's full of it. He speaks with a phony, "friendly voice", but there is a palpably strong undercurrent of bitterness, of spite. I think he  really  hates me. I'm an annoyance to him. I can't blame him for it entirely, I've brought a lot of it on myself, but still...there's no reason to talk to me like I'm a child except that that's likely how he feels about me. I'd prefer brutal honesty to his fake sincerity, his false friendliness. Besides, it's not like Wendy's is the promised land; it's a shit job and I damned well know it. If I never saw him or his restaurant again, I would care less. Good riddance, in fact. I'm sure he feels the same way about me too, even though he pretends to be my buddy. I hate phonies.   I spent most of the day and night in bed, sleeping and reading. I finished "The Vampire Lestat". Really good book, but I'm wondering why she (Anne Rice) glossed over the homosexuality of the characters; it was obvious that all of the vampires were gay or bisexual, but she always kept that notion vague. Since they all seemed to be gay, I think she should have explained whether the gayness was part of being a vampire or it if was just this specific group of vampires that were gay. She alluded to it in one part, but it weasn't really clear, especially since it was obvious that some were gay  before  they were made into vampires. Anyway, I liked the book a lot, even more than "The Witching Hour" (which seemed a bit too long because of all of the "historical" details ), and I'm looking forward to picking up more from her. Hopefully, I'll hit some Goodwills this weekend when my niece, Dana, is supposed to come down. I just hope I'm well by then.