Lately, I've been...     Listening to:  Tonight, in my room, I was playing the Jimi Hendrix "Blues" CD, which is incredible.      Reading:  I'm most of the way through Anne Rice's "The Vampire Lestat" which is really, really good.    Watching on TV:  "The Simpsons" and "Everybody Loves Raymond" (2 back-to-back episodes). I also watched "The Sopranos" on Sunday and again on Monday. I can't wait until the next one, the season (and perhaps, series?) finale. I predict that either Tony or Meadow will die. You heard it here first. I've also been watching the Friar's Club Roasts on Comedy Central. They had a new one with Chevy Chase, and then they've been replaying all of the others. Really funny stuff! Gilbert Gottfried, in particular, killed me during the Hugh Hefner roast.    Downloading:  I downloaded the Mr.Show movie "Run Ronnie Run", which was hilarious! I don't know why the studio refuses to release it in some form. As James Lipton would say: it ...is ...brilliant. Thank goodness for Kazaalite and for whoever had it, making it available there, or else I may have never seen it. I also downloaded David Cross' new CD "Shut Up You Fucking Baby!", which was also quite brilliant. The flipside of "brilliant" would be "stupid", which leads me to mentioning that I also downloaded some Beetlejuice stuff from Howard Stern's show. Beetlejuice is more than "stupid", he is "gloriously stupid". Beet is  tha man !   Playing:  Nothing. Mainly been reading, working, and watching TV.   Eating:  I don't see that I've lost anything since I started drinking Slim Fast, but in all honesty, I don't stick to it by the letter either. I also don't excercise other than when I have the kids down and that isn't helping either. I still drink too much milk, and eat too much butter. Those seem to be the hardest for me to do without. I probably drink too much Pepsi too, when I should be drinking water.   Feeling:  Disappointed. Hurt. Sad. Susan, the girl from Wendy's that I liked a lot, came in to Wendys to pick up her check (she may have one more coming) but she hardly spoke to me and then she left without even saying goodbye. If I ever wanted to know where she stood, I think I found out, and that saddens me so much that I don't even want to think about it.  I'm also a bit angry at one of the other girls I work with, who is being a total bitch. She has barely worked at the store, and in the small amount of time she's been there, she's called off as much as or more than I have, but suddenly she's trying to dictate what position  I  work in. She wants the "easy jobs" for herself and doesn't care who she pisses off to get what she wants. She's a lazyass. On Monday, all she did was talk with her buddy, one of our managers, while another girl did her job for her and got no help, and then the lazy bitch wanted to leave 20 minutes early! Asshole.