What's Up   I finished reading Anne Rice's "The Witching Hour" last night. I liked a lot of things about the book, but there were some things in the story that I found confusing, logically, which took away from it a little. However, that didn't stop me from picking up 2 more Anne Rice books at Goodwill today! I picked up a nice softcover copy of "Servant Of The Bones" and a beat up copy of "The Vampire Lestat". I also picked up a nice hardcover copy of Stephen King's "Dolores Claiborne" and another book called "How To Increase Your Word Power". I didn't need to buy any more books, I still have a backlog of books to read, but usually I enjoy the hunt just as much as the read. I bought 5 cassette tapes at Goodwill too (I bought Mom six as well). I picked up Talking Heads "Stop Making Sense", Chicago "Take Me Back To Chicago", Boz Scaggs "Hits", Billy Joel "Glass Houses", and Roy Orbison "Mystery Girl". They all looked to be in great shape. The total for the 11 cassette tapes and the 4 books was less than $20 ...not too shabby!  All night tonight, I've been pulling, scanning, and listing cards on eBay. I have enough scanned for tomorrow too. I'm hoping for a $200 weekend next week. I may be asking too much though, since I started most of the auctions off at what they usually end at, rather than my usual $1 opening bid. We'll see how it goes. I did it that way this time because I am tired of seeing my good cards end for nothing. The $37.50 Tracy McGrady Upper Deck UDX parallel card #'ed /100 that ended for $1.00 (minus the $.30 listing fee and the $.25 that Paypal took out) was just too much for me. I paid $6.50 for it.   Sadly, I found out yesterday that the girl from Wendys (who I was hoping to go out with) quit on Wednesday. I should see her on Monday, when she comes to pick up her paycheck, and I'll talk to her then... maybe. It might be my last hope for anything with her. I doubt anything will happen now though. That's too bad, for her and for me. We could have made each other very happy, possibly for the long run. I felt really good around her.  I still need to write to my Grandfather. It's been a week since my Grandmother died and I haven't talked to him at all. We're not close otr anything, but I still feel I have to say... something. It's really awkward. My life is no better today than when I was 18, I'm a very unhappy, depressed person, I hate myself and my life, but I'm supposed to say something positive to him? Something uplifting? I will try, I have to, but it won't be easy.