It's Going To Be An Interesting Week...And Other Random Thoughts   The Bucs won the Super Bowl tonight so people here (in the Tampa Bay area) are very excited. Fireworks were going off around my neighborhood  almost as soon as the Bucs scored their final touchdown, and TV coverage (I just turned the TV off moments ago) of Tampa and Ybor City showed a lot of people still out partying and celebrating. I'm not a big football fan (I did watch the game though), but almost everyone I work with are big Bucs fans, so they should all be in great moods this week.   I listed 50 auctions this weekend, so I'm hoping to have money coming in again soon (no telling when the tax refund will come in). I get paid tomorrow, but that's pretty much history. I got a little in today, but I turned around and bought a killer tie-dye shirt on eBay (red, white, and blue ...$29 with shipping). I'm starting to pick up some clothes here lately, which is not my norm. There are a few other shirts on eBay that I'm watching too (hoping to buy some more as soon as I get some extra money).   I'm off early on Tuesday and Friday (so far) this week and I'm off on Wednesday, so, since I'll have the extra home-time, I'd like to get some stuff done around the house. It's pretty much a pig sty. I need to clean my room, my bathroom, the kitchen, the living room, vacuum everything, dust, move stuff out of the living room, move other stuff in, clear my cards out of the living room and dining rom and bedroom and move them into the spare room (which needs a big time cleaning too). The place is a royal mess. Also, if my tax refund comes in by mid-week (which I really doubt it will), I'd like to re-screen the porch for Mom.   I'm hoping to get my 4-track hooked up and operating this week too. I need to buy a bass again, for recording with. I also need to buy a head for the speaker cabinet I got from Sue, and I'd really like to buy the Boss V-Wah pedal, which absolutely rules. I started some new music in bed last night and I'm really dying to do something with my music.   I have a lot of hopes and dreams pending.