Lately, I've been...     Listening to : I just got in a new Hendrix CD that I ordered, "  The Rainbow Bridge Concert ", a live 2 CD set (live in Maui, Hawaii 1970). It sounds GREAT! It's supposed to be remastered and it definitely sounds like it is. It's not on an "official" label, so it's almost a bootleg, yet it isn't really. Very weird CD, but glad to have it nonetheless! I've also been playing my newly aquired Scorpions "  Blackout " (remastered) CD a lot, too. It rocks!   Reading : I've started Stephen King's "The Stand". I'm sure I'll be reading this one for awhile as it's around 750 pages long! Whew! Great book, thus far...    Watching on TV : Not much at all. "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "Seinfeld" mainly.    Downloading : I downloaded a lot of early Scorpions stuff I'd never heard before (it's a lot different from their later stuff, but still enjoyable), and some Scorpions-related music like the Michael Shenker Group and UFO, neither of which I'd really heard before. This is what I love about being able to download stuff, the experimenting, checking out new music. It's an invaluable aid. If only people didn't burn the music they've downloaded, thereby eliminating the need to purchase CDs, the record companies would have little to complain about, and everyone would be happy.    Playing:  I still haven't been playing any games lately.    Working : I'm scheduled to work all week, Monday through Friday, which is a change for me. My feet are sore, but things are going well. The bitch is gone all week, which is nice, but it looks like she'll be back next week. I'm learning more Spanish at work too, since I'm working with Nery everyday.     Eating : Mom's been making fattening food lately and I have been eating a little at work everyday. I don't eat a ton, just the wrong stuff. The only time I eat vegetables is when they come on a burger. I guess I've given up on Slim Fast for the time being.     Feeling : Feeling more upbeat then I have for a while. I think it helps to have money in my pocket and it's also been good for me to have kids down on the weekends, keeps me active.