Friday   Friday, I got up around 1:30pm, got ready to go, and we left for the   Museum Of Fine Arts  by 2:30. I had never been there before, so it was a real treat for me. There are just so many great things there, and I enjoyed looking at almost everything, from the Monet paintings to the Hindu shrine, from the ancient Egyptian idols to the the Blackfoot Indian elkhide gloves, so it's hard to say what I enjoyed most. I guess I liked the ancient Roman and Greek art the best. Not so much for the actual art itself (although several beads in a Roman necklace were almost mesmerizing with their beauty), but because of what they were and where they had been. Necklaces worn around ancient Roman necks, statues formed by ancient Greek hands;  it was like looking back into the past, and I love that. My niece enjoyed the Mexican pottery the most, also because of it's age (some of it almost 2000 years old). One of the things I learned from my visit is that we, over time, have lost something very important. If you look at plates, vases, and furniture from the past, you'll see intricate ornamentation, craftsmanship, and beauty. Look at the same things from today, all mass-produced and ultimately disposable, and you will see what it is that we are missing: artistry, craftsmanship, and beauty. It's the little things in life that make it so beautiful. After we left the museum, my Mom suggested we hit the   Salvadore Dali Museum  while we were there, which was a great idea. This was the third time I'd been there, but the first time for my niece. We breezed through the non-Dali Cubism sculpures exhibit (they had a Picasso there), and I acted as tour guide for her. My niece is kind of hard to gauge sometimes, I couldn't tell if she was bored or enjoying it. She did say she liked two of Dali's masterworks best, especially "  The Hallucinogenic Torreador " and "  Discovery Of America By Christopher Columbus ". I hope she enjoyed her time there as much as I did. After we left there, we went looking for some grub. We finally settled on Red Lobster (Mom's fav) and the three of us chowed down. I had the "surf and turf", but had to send the steak back as it was undercooked. The lobster was a little undercooked too. Everything else was great though, and we had a good time, so it was all worthwhile.  From there we went to Park Plaza and hit the Sound Exchange (records/CDs/videos) and just looked around. Everything was too expensive for my liking and none of us bought anything. We went to a thrift shop after that and bought nothing there either. On the way out, we walked over to a bargain shop (I think that was what it was called) and my niece found some skincare stuff she wanted and I found some blank cassette tapes for a killer price (five 90 minute Maxell tapes for $2.50 + 10% off) and bought a bunch of them.  From there we went across the street to Blockbuster and rented FIVE movies! My niece, still on her Leslie Nielson kick, picked out "Naked Gun 33 1/3", "Repossessed", and "Wrongfully Accused", and I picked out "The Jerk" and "Vacation". I figured if she liked Leslie Nielson's humor, she'd like Chevy Chase and Steve Martin too (she did).  We went for ice cream at "Missing Links" and then stopped at Walgreens for Goobers and some Starbucks ice coffees (movie snacks) before returning home. Ahhh, the joys of being off my diet!  We watched movies all night long, taking a break from them only once, when we went outside and played catch with my mini-football. That was cut short though, when a bat flew low over my head several times. Flying bastard! So, we went back in and watched movies until somewhere around 6am, when we went to bed. We wound up watching  all five movies  that night!