Busy Weekend!!   I wasn't planning on doing much this weekend, especially since I'm scheduled to work more next week, but my plans changed. First off, I decided to have my older nephew down this weekend since he didn't have a weekend basketball game this weekend (he'll be playing most Saturdays for the next month or two). Me and Mom went up to get him Friday afternoon (Mom took the day off, I was off by 2pm) and we stopped at a few Pawn Shops on the way up. I wound up buying a ton of CDs, 18 in all, for only $40. The beauty part is that 13 of them were brand new, still sealed! I gave my Mom one of them (Glen Campbell), kept 8 for myself (Blue Oyster Cult "Don't Fear The Reaper: The Best of Blue Öyster Cult -remastered and sealed, Scorpions "World Wide Live - remastered and sealed, Jim Croce "Photographs & Memories: His Greatest Hits - remastered and sealed, AC/DC "For Those About To Rock" - remastered and sealed, John Popper "Zygote",  Kenny Wayne Sheppard "Trouble Is", Green Day "Nimrod", and 1 other), sold 5 on Saturday (2 Jackson Browne, ZZ Top, Grand Funk, and The Grateful Dead) for $24, sold my nephew 1 for $3 (AC/DC "Back In Black" - remastered), took one to Circuit City (The Cars "Greatest Hits") and traded it for a brand new remastered Rush CD ("Permanent Waves") and even got $2 and some change back for it! The Rush CD wound up costing me about  forty cents ...sweet! I still have 3 sealed ones that I want to sell (Beach Boys, Chris Isaak, and .38 Special). I'll probably list them on eBay next weekend (hopefully, I'll get another $20 back on my initial investment). It was kind of like the old days again, just scamming away! I used to be quite the scammer back in the day, I guess I always will be.   During the course of my Pawn Shop and record store excursions on Friday and Saturday, I also bought 2 Jimi Hendrix tribute CDs ("Blue Haze" & "Acoustic Ladyland"), Scorpions "Blackout" (remastered), Rush "Moving Pictures" (remastered), and Sam Kinison's out-of-print "Louder Than Hell" cassette (used for $2). Whew!   I didn't spend the entire weekend music shopping however, as I said before, my nephew came down to visit. We played Rummy a few times (I won everytime), played Uno (with Mom too), played with the cats (he hadn't seen them before), played with the guitars and my keyboard a bit, looked through my books (he borrowed Larry Bird's "Drive" autobiography), ate, ate, ate (burgers, chili, and potatoes on Friday night, meatball subs on Saturday night, and french toast and sausage Sunday afternoon, and watched a championship football game on Sunday (Bucs/Eagles). However, the highlight of our weekend was the trip(s) we took to Celebration Station on Saturday night. Mom and I surprised him good! We told him we were going clothes shopping next (we had already been to the Post Office and a record store), that we were going shopping for "socks and underwear". It was pretty cold out (Mom brought us coffee after awhile), but we rode Go-karts and Bumper Boats for an hour or two, until we left to go to another record store and Circuit City, then on home to eat dinner. After dinner, since we both had our Celebration Station wristbands on, and since they were still intact and valid, we went back to Celebration Station and rode Go-Karts for another hour! It was killer!! I was blocking people and cutting them off, running them into walls and each other, and even slammed a few myself...it was awesome!! My nephew loved it too! My Mom took some pictures of us going around the track, I can't wait to see them...I'll bet I was smiling like a crazy fool!! It was great fun, but man do my muscles ache now! Ouch!