Lately, I've been...     Listening to : I've played The White Stripes' first CD (self titled) a couple of times this week. Some really great stuff on there. I've mostly been reading in my room, without music.    Reading : Almost done with the Sam Sheppard book, only 3 or 4 pages to go. What a messed-up confusing case that was! The book ends with Sheppard still in jail, little did the author know that the case would be in and out of the courts for another 40 years! Nor did he know that Sheppard would go free eventually (I researched the case on the internet while reading the book). He definitely did not get a fair trial, that much is obvious. I think he did murder his wife though, if not by himself, then with help, but he was most certainly involved.    Watching on TV : I watched a few movies ("The Apostle", "Apocalypse Now Redux"), been watching "Everybody Loves Raymond" again, "Insomniac" (Dave Attell's show), "Curb Your Enthusiasm" reruns, and that's about it really. I've mostly been downloading stuff on the PC.    Downloading : A lot! I discovered that Bob & Doug McKenzie had a second comedy album ("Strange Brew") and that they also guest DJ'ed a radio show, which was also available for download. I really wish "Strange Brew" was out on CD, I'd definitely buy it! I guess I need to start hunting for the cassette tape and/or the LP. I also downloaded Bobcat Goldthwait's "Meat Bob" CD, which is long out of print (I'd been looking for it for years). Besides comedy, I discovered The Donnas and like what I've heard (very Ramones-ish). I also downloaded a bunch of live Stevie Ray Vaughan songs tonight, mostly Hendrix covers, and a lot of Frank Zappa & the Mothers Of Invention stuff that I'd never heard.      Playing : No games still. Maybe this weekend, when my nephew comes down. I still haven't played my "Pharoah" game that I got for Christmas.     Working : That annoying bee-yatch got on my nerves earlier in the week (bossing me around, volunteering me for work), but luckily she's going to be out for 2 weeks due to surgery...yay!!  I'm scheduled for 27 1/2 hours next week, which for me, is a shitload of hours. I started taking vitamins, so hopefully I will make it in everyday. If only the cats will stop messing with me while I sleep...   Eating :  Too... much... cheese.   Feeling : Feeling alright, I guess. Not sleeping well or much (damn cats), but otherwise OK. Things are looking up in some areas (finances, health) so I can't complain too much.