Lately, I've been...    Listening to:  I played Wilco's "Yankee Hotel Foxtrot" a couple times. I haven't been listening to much in my room lately.     Reading:  Almost done with Ellen Degeneres' "My Point...And I Do Have One", which is very funny. I especially enjoyed her Iditarod story!       Watching on TV:  Hmmm..well we got the new cable and I've been checking out a lot of things. Trio plays old "Late Night With David Letterman" reruns, and I try to catch them when I can. I used to get in trouble all the time when that show originally aired because I'd stay up til 1:30 am watching it and wouldn't get up for school the next morning! Those were the days... I've also been watching a lot on Discovery Civilization including David Frost's Nixon interview and I like Nixon even less now. Watched a few "Married...With Children" episodes too. My old TV-viewing schedule is all out of whack! I hardly watch anything anymore that I viewed regularly, say,  two weeks ago. Howard Stern has been boring lately. It's all strippers and lesbians lately... boring stuff to watch. Did I just say that?    Downloading:  I discovered Randy California's "Kapt. Kopter & The (Fabulous) Twirly Birds" album. His songwriting was pretty disjointed, but his guitar playing was exceptional. I've also discovered The Ramones. I've always known of them, but never really  listened  to them. I downloaded their first three albums, most from remastered CDs, and I like what I've heard. I've also discovered that Doyle Bramhall II has three solo CDs that I never knew about. I loved his work with Arc Angels and from what I've heard from his "Welcome" CD, it's very much in the Arc Angels mold. Really good music! I'm going to have to keep an eye peeled for his stuff when I'm music shopping.    Playing:  Nothing. I've been sleeping, watching TV, and downloading, and that's about it. No time for games.     Working:  Things are OK at work I guess. That bitch is still on my nerves and apparently we lost two people this week (neither bothered to call in or give notice). Also, this one guy, who gets on everybody's nerves, got on mine the other day. He's rude and does shoddy, sloppy, and often unsanitary, work. He needs to be fired, but they'll never do it because he shows up everyday. That's sad.    Eating:  Been eating a lot of cheese lately, hoping to quell my upset stomach. If I'm still on a diet, I know nothing about it.     Feeling:  Been feeling groggy all day. I napped for a few hours, but I woke up feeling groggy still. My throat hurts too and I'm still congested. At least my ears are feeling normal again. I love Winter but I hate the cold/flu season that Winter brings.