This weekend...   I had my niece down this weekend and she kept me busy the whole time. On Friday night, after work, Mom and I went up to pick her up. We didn't get home til about 9:30 or 10pm (after we stopped for food at Sonic, Taco Bell, and then Sonic again) and by then it was too late to do much of anything that night. It was cold outside all weekend, so we couldn't do anything outside either, which is unusual (we normally throw the frisbee and/or play catch). Yet, somehow, we stayed up til after 4am Friday night. We played Rummy, listened to music, talked, played around on the computer (looked at 3-D pictures, looked for pictures of Italy, Germany, and England, and looked up medieval torture devices), and before we went to sleep that night, we looked through my books (she started reading "Animal Farm" that night and read all weekend when she had the chance). Saturday, we were up fairly early considering we hadn't slept much or well (the cats kept waking us throughout the night; me in my bed, she in a sleeping bag on the floor). Mom made us French Toast and after awhile we went shopping. We stopped at Pawn Depot (she bought a Boyz II Men CD there),  then we went on to Best Buy. She bought a CD/radio walkman, batteries, and mini-earphones, and I bought 4 CDs: The White Stripes' "  The White Stripes ", Chris Robinson's "  New Earth Mud ", Wilco's "  Yankee Hotel Foxtrot ", and Ben Harper's "  Burn To Shine ". From there we stopped off at Parc Resale and Goodwill and I bought a squirtgun ($0.25), a jumprope ($0.10), 2 cassette tapes ($0.50 each: Men At Work "Business As Usual" and Marc Cohn's self-titled debut), and a handful of books ($0.50 each: Edmond Rostand's "Cyrano De Bergerac", Paul Homles' "The Sam Sheppard Murder Case", Shakespeare's "Henry IV, Part One", Ellen Degeneres' "My Point - And I Do Have One", and Ken Kesey's "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest". Not a bad haul. Afterwards, we all went to eat at Carumba's, a local mexican restaurant. Before we went in, we stopped in the store next door to it, a little hippie head shop basically, but they had something that intrigued my niece: beads. She wound up making her own necklace, with some input from me, and it turned out really nice. She loved it and wants to go back again already. In the restaurant, the food was decent, but the waitress was really bad and left us hanging way too long. We all left there completely stuffed though. We got home and I had to run to the bathroom immediately. My stomach went crazy all night long, making odd, loud sounds and I was farting like mad! Ugh! Regardless, me and my niece had a good time. We played Rummy again (I remain unbeaten), listened to music on the computer and in my room, looked through my college Humanities books, and talked a lot. We went to sleep at 5am that night, but luckily the cats left us alone (after forcing the door open though).  Sunday was mostly spent in bed. We slept til around 3pm, and after we went to drop my niece off, I came back home, put Wilco on, and went back to bed. I didn't feel very well. I don't know if it was from the mexican food or from sleeping poorly all weekend, or whatever, but it had me feeling extremely ... blah . I stayed in bed until a little after 8pm and woke up still feeling lousy. Because of that, I didn't list anything on eBay tonight. I will have to start up again next week.