Happy New Year!   Here's hoping 2003 is an improvement over the shitty 2002, which sucked ass!  As the new year begins, I am still getting over my flu (still congested and wheezing, still having sinus and ear problems, and I've also got an upset stomach), I'm dealing with an insane eBay buyer (he said 7 of 10 of the cards I sent him were missing from the envelope, but now it appears that he has somehow lost them), and my finances are rough...very rough (I hate owing people and I owe a few right now). On the plus side, we just got two kittens today (they are getting into  everything , but they're really cute!) from a friend of my mom, we're due to get a new cable company tomorrow and we'll get a  ton  of channels with the deal (it will be a nice, much-needed, improvement), and my niece is due down this weekend to spend some time with us (Friday, hopefully). 2003 is off to an uneven, but promising, start so far...    Lately, I've been...    Listening to: My new CD's! Los Lobos'   "Good Morning Aztlan " kicks ass, as does Beck's   "Sea Change " and The White Stripes'   "White Blood Cells ". The Jimi Hendrix Isle Of Wight CD's ("Wild Blue Angel") are decent too. You can't really go wrong with any Hendrix recording, but I'm not sure why they found it necessary to make a   2 CD set   and  a   single CD set  (that is nearly identical to disc 1 of the 2 CD set) of this show. It wasn't one of his best shows to begin with, the PA troubles are annoying, and he was clearly unhappy at the end of the show. I'm not really complaining too much though, it's nice to have this entire Hendrix concert on CD finally (much of it has been released in bits and pieces since the early '70's). I also picked up Patty Scialfa's   "Rumble Doll " CD again! We went over to the pawn shop where I sold mine before and they had one, probably the same one! Aka Mrs.Bruce Springsteen, I love her singining and the songs are really catchy... glad to have this one back in my collection!  Reading: I finished reading Vincent Bugliosi's "Helter Skelter", and will probably start reading Stephen King's "Danse Macabre", which I picked up at Goodwill yesterday for $0.75.   Watching on TV: Nothing much at all. I watched a little tonight only because I wanted to sit down with the kittens. I wound up watching a few "Whose Line Is It Anyway" episodes, and "The Man Show". There just wasn't anything good on TV today (or even lately). I can't wait to get all those additional cable channels tomorrow!  Downloading: I downloaded a bunch of Charles Manson songs and interviews and clips this week, to compliment the book I was reading. I also downloaded a ton of Bill Cosby albums that I'd never heard before (I never knew they even existed). Manson and Cosby... that's a hell of a combination, eh?   Playing: I played a little bit of Super Mario and Dr.Mario yesterday while checking out which games still worked and which didn't.  Working: I was tricked into giving up a few hours this week to that bitch that I complained about before. Her husband lost his job and she was trying to pick up hours this week, so I told her that if I was still scheduled to work till 5 all of the other days I worked this week, she could have my 5 1/2 hour shift on Tuesday (since I still wasn't feeling well). She went back to check the schedule and said I worked til 5pm all week, so I gave her Tuesday. Turns out, I work til 2pm, not 5pm, most days this week. I only had two 5pm shifts and I gave her one of them. Bitch!    Eating: Everything in sight. The holidays are over, so I will go back to being more selective.   Feeling: Tired of being sick. Tired period.