Lately, I've been...     Listening to : On Friday night I bought Deep Purple's "Come Taste The Band" (the remastered & expanded version) at Walgreens (a true "impulse buy") and enjoyed it a great deal, especially the song "Rat Bat Blue", which kicks major ass. I also got in my Hendrix CDs from Dagger/Experience Hendrix (they shipped  fast ) and listened to "The Baggy's Rehearsal Sessions" (great Band Of Gypsys stuff). I also listened to the Jerry Seinfeld CD I won on Bidville ("I'm Telling You For The Last Time"), which was very funny!   Reading : Nothing. I still haven't finished the Carl Sagan book I was reading, but I also haven't had the urge to pick it up again.     Watching on TV :  "Insomniac with Dave Attell", "The Simpsons", "Dave Chappelle's Show", "Everybody Loves Rayond", "Saturday Night Live", "Trading Spaces", "Blackadder", "Monty Python", and basketball (about half).    Downloading : Deep Purple!! I'm on a Deep Purple kick! I want to start picking up their remastered CDs soon, especially "FireBall", "In Rock", "Machine Head", and "Burn". I don't think "Burn" has been remastered yet though. "Stormbringer", another I'd like to pick up, probably hasn't been done yet either.    Playing : My old handheld Poker game. It's so basic, but I love it. It's a good time killer.   Working : I haven't worked a single day this week. I got sick... again... and missed 4 days of work or 14 hours (I was scheduled light this week anyways). They make it seem like a huge affront to them that I'd missed all week, like it was a giant problem, but it was just 14 hours and I was only scheduled to work til 5pm just one day, so I couldn't have inconvenienced them much.     Eating : My usual sick food: McDonalds Cheeseburgers. I also had some Pineapple Upsidedown cake that Mom made midweek (it ruled). I've also been eating English Muffins a lot too. I really haven't been eating much... but you couldn't tell that by looking at me.    Feeling : PISSED OFF. I spent all of my income tax and paycheck money and was expecting a smooth and happy future. I didn't expect to get sick again, and I certainly didn't forsee having to come up with $55 for a doctor's office visit, and no way in frigging Hell did I know I would have to spend $78 on medication. Mom footed that bill because I am flat broke, but I should be able to pay her back this week with my auction money. Besides the financial drain, it was/is no fun being sick. My sinuses were  killing me ! The pressure in my face was so intense that I felt like ripping my face apart at times. My nose was stopped up, running, and inflamed. I was blowing my nose constantly, which caused my ears to become irritated and inflamed as well, which made my head and jaw hurt. I felt like shit all week. My nose is still stopped up, but luckily the pressure is gone from my sinuses and I don't feel as listless as before. I'm just tired of being sick. It's always me. I spent the previous weekend solely with my Mom and my nephew, but only I got sick. What kind of cruel joke is that?     Planning : Jams!! I had to add this category as I have some great jam plans in the coming month or so. First, my friend John quit his band finally (they wanted to become an "all '80's" band) and now he wants to take his music back into the studio to make a demo and he wants me to help him with it. He also said he's going to try and help me with my music too, including finally getting that jam with his old drummer set-up. I can't wait for that! I would also like to get my Wendys manager and his roomate into the rehearsal studio to jam soon too, and I'm  still  waiting on Curtis' hand to get better so we can jam. I think him, Jimmy (my friend's old drummer), and I would be a great combo, and if John wanted to join in, that might be interesting as well. I can't wait to get playing with people again. It's been about 10 years, I think, since I  really  got to play (my stuff).