The Weekend   My weekend started off great! First thing in the morning, my IRS check had been deposited in the bank! I immediately gave Mom $300 and divvied up the rest between me and my friend Sue (who I owed $200 for an amplifier cabinet). I worked on Friday, got home, and soon after Mom arrived (and with a whole lot of argument), we headed up to New Port Richey to pick up my nephew (as had been planned all week long). I had planned on buying my Mom dinner at Red Lobster with my tax money and was planning on doing that after we picked my nephew up, but all she did was bitch and complain and argue about going up there. It makes it very hard to do something nice (or  want  to do something nice) for someone who acts like that. Nonetheless, we picked up Jesse and went out to Red Lobster for dinner. I had a steak and shrimp pasta dinner, plus I ordered a ton of appetizers for us all to chow on. We were all stuffed by the time we left there (for $85 we damn well should be), and we all had a good time there, even Mom. Jesse has been working on improving his manners, it was very noticeable, so I complimented him on it. After dinner, we headed back to our place. we tried stopping at a few places on the way home (the money was burning a hole in my pocket), but everything was closed. We stayed up really late on Friday. We went out around 12:30am or 1am and played frisbee for awhile. We hit the sack around 3:30am or 4am. jess played with my handheld games for awhile (Yahtzee, Uno, Connect Four, Poker, Checkers, etc..) while I read myself to sleep.   On Saturday, we slept in late. After we finally got up and moving, and after Mom finally got home (she picked  the worst  time of the day to go run errands, knowing that we were limited by time on Saturday due to the All-Star stuff), we went to the pawn shop near my house and looked at baseball gloves and CDs there. I bought 2 sealed CDs that looked to be of the non-promo, non-record club variety. What this means to me is simple: exchange. I paid a total of $6 for the 2 CDs (Mariah Carey & Keith Sweat) and then I took them to Circuit City and traded them in for two CDs that I really wanted (I got $27 in credit): Robin Trower "Bridge Of Sighs" (remastered and expanded) and Doyle Bramhall & Smokestack "Welcome". Sweet! Unfortunately, after I got home I noticed the booklet for the Bramhall CD is bent on one corner... I hate stuff like that! I'm incredibly picky when it comes to my CDs. Anyhow, after that we stopped at Dunkin' Donuts and I bought us a dozen donuts to take home and chow on while we wathed the NBA All-Star events for Saturday. me and Jess watched the second half of the Rookie Game, then went to my room and played cards (Rummy, I clobbered him) and listened to music until the other cool All-Star stuff was coming on (3-point contest, 3 on 3, Slam Dunk contest). I ordered Sonny's for us all (we chowed on baby back ribs) and Mom went out and picked it up. I bought again ($35). We ate and then watched the All-Star stuff. later that night, Jesse (and me, partly) watched "Dracula 2000". I saw it before and thought it was ok, Jess loved it. He was jumping in fright at several parts!   On Sunday, we got up around 11:30. I woke Jess up with a few Wet Willies and then threw all of my pillows on him. We were supposed to go see "Lord Of The Rings: the Two Towers", but wound up not doing that. Mom was complaining about time and driving, so we cut that out of our plans. Instead, we went to the Thrift Store (where I took his brother, 2 weeks ago) and we shopped for an hour and a half. Mom waited in the car the whole time. I'll never figure her out. She complains that the kids never do things with her, but she makes herself unaccessable, standoffish. She was with us, but she wasn't  with us , and she very easily could have been, and I tried to include her in stuff. Anyway, after an hour and a half of shopping for clothes for Jess (he bought a ton of shirts including a camouflage T-shirt and a Dennis Rodman Bulls jersey) we went over to Specs where I bought a few CDs and a Video. The video was "Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery" (widescreen version with deleted scenes) and the CDs were Zebra "Zebra", HSAS "through The Fire", and Doyle Bramhall "Jellycream". Again, after I got home, I noticed that the Bramhall over was bent, as was the HSAS cover... dammit!! Nice quality control, record company jerks! We were headed home from Specs, when I suggested eating at this little Mexican restaurant on the way home. Mom bitched about that, but we ate there anyway. Again, I paid ($35). It was pretty darn good food. The Chili Rellenos were ok, I've had better, but I loved the shredded beef tacos and the rice was great. We headed home from there and before long, we had to take Jess home, meeting his Dad halfway. I started to get a stuffy nose early Sunday morning and it dogged me all day Sunday.