Lately, I've been...     Listening to : I have KISS' "The Elder" on right now,  and the other day I had on Green Day's "Nimrod" CD. I also listened to my "new" Billy Squier's "Emotions In Motion" tape (which rocks) while I was fixing my Mom's door (which my nephew broke down).    Reading : Right now I'm working on Carl Sagan's "The Cosmic Connection" (pretty interesting book), and since I watched "Dolores Claiborne" the other night, I'm planning on reading that book next, although the Vietnam book I bought at Goodwill on Monday ("Once A Warrior King") is awful tempting too...   Watching on TV : Last night I half-watched "Lord Of The Rings - The Fellowship Of The Rings" again. Watched a little bit of David Letterman the other night (Kate Hudson was on), some Conan here and there, my usual "Everybody Loves Raymond" (need some new episodes to watch, it's still funny, but getting old fast) and "Seinfeld", and that's about it. Not been sitting in front of the TV much lately, mostly in front of the PC.    Downloading : For the first time in ages, I have been downloading... nothing. Well...nothing for the last few days anyhow. Over the weekend I did get some Hendrix stuff back, downloaded most of Steve Martin's "Pure Drivel" CD audiobook, got the HSAS CD "Through The Fire", and I got my Bob & Doug McKenzie stuff back ("Strange Brew" & "Guest DJs").   Playing : My guitar. Still waiting for the day when I will be able to jam again.    Working : Not much, but since I've been running auctions more frequently, enough for now, I suppose. They don't have enough hours to go around. That's the story anyhow, but the truth is that they're cheap asses. They could have one or two more people on til 5pm everyday if they really wanted to.    Eating : Nachos, nachos, nachos. My diet is awful. I eat too much cheese and drink too much soda (Fusion).     Feeling : Anxiously, nervously, awaiting my tax refund which is supposed to be in by Friday, but I'm hoping it comes earlier. However, there's still a possibility that it won't come at all because the question they asked for my electronic signature, given the available answers to choose from, wasn't exactly correct. I hate the not-knowing, and I'm anxious to spend the money and pay off some debts. I'm hoping to have a great weekend, and the extra money is critical. My older nephew is supposed to come down, it's NBA All-Star weekend, and we're going to watch basketball, chow down, and hopefully, hit some flea markets, Goodwills, pawn shops, and whatnot. It should be a fun ass weekend!