Sunday   Today was kind of crappy, though it should have been great. My mom, my nephew, my sister and I went over to   Lowery Park Zoo , over in Tampa. I had never been there before, everyone else had though. I loved it, but my nephew was a real pain in the ass. He was more interested in climbing the railings and running than in the animals there. He doesn't listen, doesn't follow directions, and it's probably due to my sister just not disciplining him at all. I would have beat his ass today, but all he got was many, many talkings to. Besides him being a problem, my Mom had trouble walking so I had us all sit down for an extended, and way overpriced, lunch which caused us to lose a lot of time. We ran out of time and missed out on the petting zoo and a few rides for the boy. I did have fun there though. I loved seeing the two Florida Panthers they had there (who were agitated by the presence of a Leopard in a cage behind theirs), a Red Wolf (who was running the perimeter of his enclosure, which was right next to the Deer area), a huge Buffalo (who was itching him head on tall tree, making it sway, he was so powerful), a   Sumatran Tiger  (a little on the skinny side, who was roaring a bit), two   Manatees  (one was eating lettuce, the other kept doing underwater revolutions, spins), and a   Black Bear  (who was sleeping in a hollowed out tree trunk). I loved the Bald Eagle too, it was gorgeous! They had some Orangutangs and some Chimpanzees there too, but it was sad seeing them in the zoo like that, not looking happy at all. I loved the Manatee area though, with it's reptile displays (they had a bunch of different Rattlesnalkes) and underwater view (with various fish, turtles, ducks, and Manatees), but the area that had the Panthers, Wolf, Bear, Alligators, Owl, and Flamingoes was my favorite. There was supposed to be a Grey Fox in the Bear area too, but I didn't see him at all. The Otters were MIA too. The freakiest thing there was in the Free-Flight Bird Aviary area. they have an spot where you can go upsatairs for a better view and I was up there looking at the various birds and their nests when someone there pointed out that, hanging up above our heads, were bats. That gave me the willies! Everytime I got under a roof there, for the rest of the day, I looked up, checking for bats. I think Austin liked the Sting Ray petting area the best, since he didn't want to leave there (and only left after I threatened to spank him in front of everyone there). So anyway, it was a fun trip, though not a perfectly happy time was had. It got worse when we got home though. Austin, my nephew, was doing something he shouldn't have been doing and wound up breaking my Mom's door down, which pissed me off  a great deal . That door was a bitch to hang, and i didn't appreciate him tearing it off the hinges because of his horseplay. Did my sister yell at him? Smack his ass? Nope. She said "he didn't do it on purpose!" and came to his defense,  comforting him . Maybe she'd like to hang the goddamned door for me, because I sure as hell don't know how I'm going to do it now. He ripped a chunk out of the doorframe, where I'd have to put the hinges, and it split the wood. He left without saying goodbye to me. Never apologized either. Didn't have to, I guess, seeing as how "he didn't do it on purpose". What a crock.