The Weekend Is Here!   I picked up 3 extra hours at work on Friday and was also told I'd be given a new pair of work shoes, which'll save me about $30. Not a bad day! Later that night I started to read Stephen King's "Danse Macabre", but I don't think I'm going to finish it. I didn't know it was a book about the horror genre, a scholarly essay on it. The back cover made it sound like another great Stephen King horror novel, very disappointing. I don't know what I'm going to read next. I read "Death Of A Salesman" the preceding two days (I would  love  to see it done onstage sometime).  On Saturday, my 5 year old nephew, Austin, came down to visit. We took a bus to a big thrift shop and I bought him 5 shirts (cost only $8.50) including a tie-dye, an Orlando Magic shirt, and a Florida Gators shirt. After that, we walked across the street to Marbo's, a chinese restaurant, and I chowed down! He hardly ate a bite (a total waste of money). After dinner, we had to wait for the bus out in the cold (50 degrees) for about 1/2 an hour, which sucked. Later, after we got home and warmed up, we sat down and watched "The Lord Of The Rings - Fellowship Of The Rings". I really loved the special effects in this movie. It's just too bad they left in so many Hollywood action-adventure cliches. Still, I'm hoping to catch the 2nd one while it's still in the theatres.    On a sad note, I found out soon after I woke up that the Space Shuttle Columbia and her crew perished in the skies over Texas today. Very sad, tragic news. As I said ealier today in my SNL news group, sometimes it's taken for granted just how dangerous and how important an astronaut's life is, and sadly, it takes disasters like this to remind people. The people who died in the sky over Texas today were more than just astronauts, more than just people with families and lives of their own, they were also symbols of America's pioneer spirit, of freedom, of progress, and of dreams. Their loss today, is our loss. A nationwide loss. A worldwide loss.    My heartfelt condolences go out to their families and friends, as well as to the folks at NASA.