Is It Me?   I am not very happy with my sister right now. She was supposed to come down on Saturday with two of her kids to "celebrate my Birthday", but instead she came down and treated herself to a day at the beach, a mini-shopping spree, and dinner out. First off, she had mentioned to my Mom earlier in the week that they'd like to go to the beach in the early afternoon and talked about me coming along with them. Well they went to the beach (Sand Key), but I didn't get to go. My sister never called and asked if I wanted to come along (I did), and never stopped by to see if I wanted to go or anything. I waited until 4:30pm before they finally showed up here from the beach. Since they were all sandy and were going to shower anyway, I asked my niece to help me out in the yard for a few minutes first, to sort and bag a pile of trimmings from the other day. My sister came out and weeded the planter while me and my niece bagged the trimmings. It was cool that they helped out. I played out in the yard with my nephew a bit, killing ants and destroying ant hills. After a bit, we went out for dinner at the Chicago Grill & Dog House, but first, we stopped at  Target where my sister bought stuff for herself and my nephew, then at Payless Shoe Stores where she bought shoes for herself and my niece. This is when I started getting really pissed off at my sister. She didn't get me anything for my Birthday, not even a card, yet, she bought my nephew two more action figures that he really doesn't need (and whose behavior clearly didn't merit recieving two new toys...he does what he wants, when he wants) and sandals for my niece, which she really didn't have to have (although she does deserve something special for having a straight A report card). I don't recall, when did the the tradition of giving gifts on Birthdays get abolished? What happened to gift-giving? What happened to tradition? What happened to Birthdays being the day you show your love and appreciation for the person whose Birthday it is? I understood her not giving gifts at Christmas, with three kids to buy for and all, but I do not understand why she couldn't put herself out for me on my Birthday. Target had CDs. She couldn't spend $10 fucking dollars on her brother? I mean, is it me? Am I wrong on this? I felt totally disrespected. To make me feel even less important, the two kids made cards for me and didn't even bother to bring them along. My sister, knowing she wasn't going to do shit for me anyway, should have made sure to at least bring those along. But no, that didn't happen. Happy Birthday to me! After she finished her shopping spree, we went to dinner at the Chicago Grille & Dog House where I finally got the Tamales I'd been wanting all week. Unfortunately, my Mom wound up paying for everyone's dinners, which I had told her earlier that she should not have to do. So, to sum up, the way my sister "celebrated my Birthday", was to spent the day at the beach without me, spent part of the evening shopping for herself, and then enjoyed a nice dinner on my Mom. I don't know, maybe she was confused. Maybe she thought it was  her  Birthday. I don't know when she became such an inconsiderate asshole, but I'm glad I only have one Birthday a year to get shit on.