Lately, I've been...    Listening to : I picked up several new CDs lately and have been listening to them: Dave Attell - "Skanks For The Memories" (hilarious!), Tenacious D (finally got it! great stuff!), Eddie Izzard - "Definite Article", and Jimi Hendrix - "Midnight Lightning/Crash Landing" (a Russian 2-on-1 deal). I also picked up a few others that I haven't gotten to listen to yet including a new Paul Simon compilation, Pete Droge - "Necktie Second", The White Stripes - "De Stilj", and Richard Thompson - "Across A Crowded Room". I picked up the Droge and Thompson CDs while Pawnshopping today ($4 each).    Reading : Still nothing. I have a few books I'm dying to start too (my Second City book and a Vietnam War book I bought long ago). I will probably start readng again next week (hopefully).    Watching on TV : CNN mainly, War coverage. I've also been watching Colin Quinn's "Tough Crowd" and Bill Maher's "Real Time", both of which deal with political issues and The War. For comic relief I've been watching "Everybody Loves Raymond" and "Da Ali G Show". I also watched "This Is Spinal Tap - Special Edition", which I bought at Big Lots on my Birthday. That's about it lately, just lot and lots of CNN.   Downloading : Nothing. I've been buying what I want on CD and haven't been listening to much otherwise.   Playing : Still playing my goofy old Connect Four handheld game at bedtime.    Working : Took most of this past week off, no idea what my schedule looks like for next week yet. My main manager hassled me about taking time off this week. I could have easily taken the entire week off. He always makes some smart assed comment about me being "independently wealthy" whenever I take time off, as if I were totally dependant on that shitty job for money. I think I'm going to start looking for a better job soon. There's a Costco up on 19 that is going to be opening soon and it looks like they're paying $10 an hour to start. I certainly could use that kind of money right about now, no idea what the shifts/hours are like though.    Eating : Between my Birthday and being on vacation, I've been eating garbage, delicious garbage. We had Pizza from Mike's tonight (they gave us free brownie's with it), and tomorrow, it looks like I'll be eating Tamales for dinner.    Feeling : Not quite as anxious as before, but worried though, more about the state of The World more than my own personal problems though.    Planning : Thinking on getting a better job still, thinking on moving eventually, thinking, thinking, thinking, but likely no action in the immediate future. If my sister's family moves further North and my Mom goes too, I will need to start doing things on my own, and that's going to take some hard planning, some hard work, and some hard getting used to.