Weekend War Watching   I spent almost the entire weekend on my couch watching The War unfold un CNN. I stopped for a little while on Saturday and tried to hook up my 4 track recorder, but I couldn't get it to do what I wanted and I couldn't find the manual, so back to the couch I went. I stayed up until nearly 5am last night watching a 4 hour battle (at the Iraqi port city Umm Qasr)  as it happened . I was tired as hell, but I couldn't go to bed until I knew we had it under control. I don't think I'd have the patience to be a good soldier; I would've wanted to go in immediately and get it over with.   A lot of things happened in The War this weekend, but one of the biggest stories was the capture and exploitation of 5 American POWs. Iraqi TV (and also Al-Jazeera TV) aired footage of the five captured US soldiers as well as footage of several dead American soldiers, some of which appear to have been executed (shot in the forehead & abdomen), which, of course outraged US officials. The video wasn't show on TV here, with the excepion of it being shown on "Face The Nation"; apparently the powers that be don't think we Americans can't handle uncensored/unsanitized news. They did the same thing with the Daniel Pearl video. I think it's a dangerous thing, sanitizing the news like that, getting to see only what certain people want us to see. I'm sure a lot of people might even change their stance on The War if they actually had to face the ultimate reality of war: death. The same goes for all forms of Capital Punishment as well; it's one thing to support ideas, ideals, but seeing the real truth behind them is a whole 'nother thing.   Some other events that happened this weekend have been simply unbelievable. US troops shot down a UK plane (killing UK two pilots), a US soldier (a Muslim) threw grenades into the tents of his brigade's commanders (killing one, injuring many), we accidentally shot missiles into Turkey and Iran (though now it appears that it was Iraq who fired into Iran), we got shelled when Iraqis, who appeared to be surrendering, opened fire instead (this apparently happened on two separate occasions this weekend), and we lost several soldiers when they drove down the wrong street and were ambushed (these include the 5 POWs who appeared on Iraqi TV). A lot of terrible, costly errors.   It is after 2am early Monday morning, and US troops are just outside of Baghdad (last report said 60 miles), so things are going to be getting very hot, very soon. Monday should be a very eventful day, to say the least, and with the exception of a few hours (I have to work and run to the bank), I will likely be on the couch watching all day long.   Peace.