Da War   Not to trivialize it with my title, but the War in Iraq has officially begun. I have very mixed feelings about it. On one hand, Hussein is a very bad man and certainly should not remain in leadership. On the other hand, I question Bush's motives for going into Iraq, for putting our soldiers lives on the line. At first, Bush claimed that it was Hussein's connection to Bin Laden and the Al Queda organization that was his motivation for going into Iraq, then, after it was obvious that the connection between Hussein and Bin Laden was dubious at best, his reasoning changed. Now, the reason for going into Iraq was because Hussein has ignored UN resolutions and refused to disarm. It was to be a pre-emptive strike, to prevent Hussein from doing naughty things in the future. This part, I'm with. The last thing America (or the rest of the world, for that matter) needs is a nation with nuclear, chemical and biological weaponry and an eagerness to sell them to people eager to use them. If we were certain he has those weapons, he should be taken out. he's a legitimate threat. However, after getting support from only a few nations, and facing much resisitance from most, Bush's reasons seemed to have changed again. Now, it's all about bringing freedom to the Iraqi people. But it's also more than that. In his spoeech the other night, one of the first things he had to say to the people of Iraq was "do not burn your oil wells". The following day, after the first strike had occurred, I heard on CNN that there is a plan for the next Iraqi regime to be installed has agreed to let US oil companies come over and take over oil production in Iraq. I'm not a big believer in "coincedence", and seeing that Bush is a Texas oil man, this whole "oil" thing really makes me suspicious of his true motives. Oil for blood is not someting I would or could support, so I'm not wholly for or against this war because I just don't have enough facts to decide one way or another. However, as far as the troops go, I will support them and hopefully, they'll all make it home safely and soon. Only time will tell for sure exactly how Bush's War will play out, whether he was right or wrong, whether his motives were good or bad.   I've been tuned in to CNN everyday since the War has begun, tuning out to watch a little basketball, Bill Maher's show, and "Da Ali G Show" (it can't all be war, war, war). I was blown away from some of the reporting this time out (I followed Desert Strom very closely as well). I was impressed by the telephone camera traveling with the 3rd of the 7th Cavalry (Garry Owens unit, the one I was named after, which my Dad was with in Vietnam), rolling into Baghdad along with the tanks. Also the footage from Baghdad was amazing. I mean, actually seeing the bombs hitting their targets from right inside enemy territory? Unreal. However, I do think some of the reporting crosses the line into irresponsible journalism. I don't think they should be intervieing the soldiers and pilots at this time, distracting them. They are on a mission and need to stay focused. Cover the war, follow the soldiers, but do not interfere looking for a story or a subplot. We'll be watching it anyway, no need to search for additional drama. There is nothing more dramatic than war itself.  As I mentioned, I turned off CNN and watched Real Time with Bill Maher tonight, and I must say, that show really made me proud to be an American. I was very impressed with Maher's class; instead of bashing Bush (which he had been doing before the war began), he chose instead to express support for the soldiers. He interviewed 3 veterans (one from WWII and Korea, one from Vietnam, and one from the Gulf War) and delved into subjects like healthcare for veterans (or lack thereof) and the differences between the generations. It was very informative, very interesting, and very important. He went on to have a panel discussion which included Tim Robbins, who is very much Anti-war, and the whole discussion was captivating. They expressed and exchanged opinions, actually  talked , said things that mattered, all the while respecting each other's opinions. It really made me proud that I am an American, that we have that freedom to express ourselves, to discuss things that matter to us, openly and freely. It was really moment of bonding, and I sense that the audience felt that way too, because when he broke from the panel to the next scheduled bit, the audience didn't seem ready to go yet. I certainly didn't. Bil Maher handled a touchy subject with care and class and I appreciate what he did on his show tonight.   Peace.