Da Weekend   My niece, Dana, came down for the weekend. We went to go pick her up Friday night and din't get back home with her until about 9pm. We stopped at Wok Out on the way home and got some Chinese food. I tried something different this time, Shrimp Lo Mein, and liked it a lot. I also had a Shrimp Eggroll, Snow Pea Pods (which Dana and I shared), and some awesome Ma-Cau-Skee Fried Rice. We chowed down!   Actually, we chowed down all weekend. Saturday night, we went out to the Chicago Grill & Dog House and had Beef Sandwiches and Tamales, and Mom had a Teriyaki Chicken. As soon as we got home, Dana ran for the bathroom; I think the tamale did her in! They were nice and spicy hot!   Dana spent almost all day Saturday working on her Math project for school. I helped her when she needed help, but mostly laid on the couch all day, half-sleeping. We played Rummy later that night (I won, as usual) then watched Saturday Night Live together (Salma Hayek/Christina Aguilera). It was a pretty good show! During Aguilera's first song, I switched over to "Da Ali G Show" and watched it for a few minutes. I showed Dana some of his stuff on Friday night too, after we got done playing "Beach Head 2000". I don't think she liked the game much, but she liked Ali G.   On Sunday, I worked with Dana on finishing up her Math Project (a 3-page report about Hypatia, and a Word Search). We finally got it all done. She should get an "A" on it (hopefully). After we finished with that, we went out on the porch and played "Crazyball". It's a game we play with paddles and a warped rubber ball. The "Crazy" part comes from the warped ball; you never know which way it is going to bounce! We had fun doing that. We played until her Grandma and Mom picked her up around 4pm. They had her brothers with them and I got to mess with them for a few minutes before they all split.   We really didn't get to do too much fun stuff this weekend due to the Math project, mostly just ate. Besides Chinese food and Chicago Grill, Mom picked up donuts on Saturday and ice cream on Sunday. I kind of figured it was going to be that way, what with all of the schoolwork she had to do. She had 2 other projects that we didn't get to. She may be back down in a couple of weeks to work on them too. Next week, we may have her two brothers while the others go to a bridal shower. The boys are usually a pain-in-the-ass when they're down together, so I'm going to try to just get one of them, unless it's just for the day, then I can handle that.