Lately, I've been...     Listening to : To the Jack Bruce and Eddie Izzard CD's I got on eBay, mainly (Jack Bruce's "Monkjack" and "Somethinels", Eddie Izzard's "Unrepeatable").    Reading :  Well, I've been reading the latest Guitar World, but that's about it. I just haven't been in the mood to read lately.    Watching on TV :  "Everybody Loves Raymond", "The Simpsons", "Seinfeld", "Fear Factor", "Saturday Night Live", "Da Ali G Show", "Real Time with Bill Maher", "Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn", "The Dave Chapelle Show", "South Park", and "Insomniac with Dave Attell". I'm also watching Letterman's show tonight; he's out sick and Will Ferrell is hosting it!   Downloading :  I downloaded some of the songs we went over in practice tonight, but that's about it. I just haven't been doing much downloading lately. For the most part, I bought most of the stuff I'd want to hear anyway.    Playing : Not practicing everyday like I should, but a couple times a week I'll play for a half hour to an hour. I've also been getting to play with JP and Al for 2 hours a week, which is great for me! Gamewise, I've been playing the hell out of my old handheld Connect Four game at bedtime. I played a bit of Beach Head 2000 this week too. I can't wait to get my nephew Jesse down to show him that one, he'll love it!   Working : Not working a lot of hours, and liking that. I've been tired as shit lately (not sleeping well at night), so the short hours are a blessing. They put me on for a few extra next week. I usually have Wednesdays off, but they didn't give it to me this week or next either.     Eating :  The wrong shit, as always. Plus, I drank a small bottle of Jack Daniels this week (over three days). I'll drink a small glass of Jack & Pepsi and that'll do me for the night. I'm glad I've learned not to overdo it. It's no fun getting too drunk.    Feeling :  Upbeat for the most part, still a lot of anxiety though. I get to make music with other people now, so that helps to pick me up. I'm buying equipment and clothes for playing out with a band, so things are moving in the right direction, but slowly. I think I'll always be somewhat depressed as long as I'm fat, I just don't like myself like this and it keeps me alone.    Planning : This weekend, my niece is coming down. We'll go get Friday night and bring her home on Sunday night. Not too sure what we'll be doing yet. She has a bunch of school projects she wanted me to help her with, so a lot of time will be spent working, I guess. Neither of us really have any dough right now, so that limits what we can do too. I'd like to take her to the Renaissance Fair, but that's $14 each and you need money to do things there. I'd also like to take her to the new Chicago Dog place on East Bay. They have some killer tamales there, and their Chicago Dogs are kickass. I'd like to try their beef sandwich and their Reuben sandwich sometime too. Maybe we can hit Goodwill or some pawn shops or something. Again though, stuff that requires money. We'll see what happens.