Monday Night Getogether   I went out to Limey's with John and Al on Monday night. They had an open mic night and they wanted to check it out and also talk about playing together (which I think was a waste, when we could've just p[layed together). There were some talented people playing there, but none were very impressive. The first guy on is in a band called "I Alive" and he sounds just like almost any other singer out there today trying to sing in that Eddie Vedder/Dave Matthews (growling, screaming, hiccuping) mix ala Creed and so many others. I bores me and also makes me wonder how they can fake that over-emotionalism night in and night out. The second guy looked like he wandered in from an '80's metal band. He was ok, but definitely not a singer. The third guy was quite older than the rest, maybe late 40's. He started off with a Hendrix song "Up From The Skies") and had a good voice and played well, but he stayed on too long (he must've done about 10 or 12 songs, whereas everyone else did about 3 or 4) and didn't emote enough personality or charisma as to hold the crowd's attention. By the end of his set nobody was listening to him, or even looking towards him, but were all conversing with each other and had their backs to him. The guy after him was OK. He had a Ben Harper thing going for him, but the stuff he was writing definitely needed a bass or a lead guitar in it to help fill in sonic gaps, it went on too long repeating the same chord changes, plus I couldn't make out anything he sung. It looked like he was going to keep on playing for awhile and so we split during his set. I find it hard to believe that this is a scene John wants to join in on. I really don't find the idea of playing to people's backs very enticing. I'd much rather blow people away with rock power, than bore them to tears with acoustic doldrums. I had 2 Jack and Cokes while I was there, but didn;t get buzzed or anything. I hadn't drank alcohol for so long, I figured 2 drinks would have done me in! On the way there, John's wife, Doris, was on the cel phone blabbing away (quite loudly, actually) and never spoke a word to me, not even a "hello". I really hate cel phones. They are a pet peeve of mine, them and the people who use them like they're in their own little world, like they don't have acknowledge or be polite to the people around them because they're "on the phone". After we got our drinks and sat down, she became more cordial and we all joked around a bit. Al met us there after awhile and he was pretty cool to joke around with too. Other than the smoke and the boring music, I had a pretty good time. We're supposed to get together next week and jam, so that will be cool.