Lately, I've been...    Listening to : I've listened to my new Eddie Izzard CD's ("Glorious" and "Dress To Kill"), my new Bloodrock CDs ("Bloodrock" and "Bloodrock 2"), and my Doyle Bramhall II "Jellycream" CD. I love the Izzard and Bramhall stuff, and there are a few good songs on the Bloodrock CDs, especially "Fantastic Piece Of Architecture" and "Melvin Laid An Egg" from the first album, and "D.O.A." from the second.   Reading : Still nothing at all. Been playing my Poker handheld game before bedtime.   Watching on TV : "Everybody Loves Raymond", "Saturday Night Live", Basketball (NBA), Robert Klein "Child In His 50's", "Seinfeld", "The Simpsons", "Fear Factor", the last Tyson "fight" (against Etienne), "Insomniac with Dave Attell", "Dave Chappelle's Show", and "Real Time with Bill Maher". I'm so glad Bill is back on TV, his voice and opinion should definitely be out there, especially nowadays. I've also been watching lots of CNN Headline News, waiting for the inevitable war with Iraq that Bush is pushing for.    Downloading : Nothing lately.    Playing : Mainly my handheld Poker game before bed. I've also played "Beachhead 2000" a bit, and I've done a couple crossword puzzles from a program I found (I've had it in my room for years and forgot all about it).    Working : See the previous post....missed two days this week. We have some new lady at work, Samantha. She seems to be a bit of a crackhead or wacko or something. Not quite right in the head.    Eating : Starting today, I am going to cut back again on cheese, milk, soda, fried foods, fast foods, eggs, bread, and other stuff that I probably shouldn't be eating anyway. I was doing ok for awhile, but then I fell back into my old ways. I've also been chowing on my Samoas, the girl scout cookies. It's that time of year again, and I've gone through 4 1/2 boxes in the last week.    Feeling : Anxious, as per usual, just waiting for things to happen.    Planning : Going out on Monday with John Paul and Al to discuss "the band", jamming, and whatever. Hopefully we will actually get together and play sometime next week. Still haven't heard anymore from Curtis. I think we could have meshed well musically.