Why Do I Keep Fucking Up?   Not just a Neil Young song, but my current mantra as well. I start going good and then WHAMMO ...another fuck up! I missed a whole week of work 2 weeks ago, and since then I was doing fine (late still, but no missed days) and then WHAMMO ...I miss Thursday and Friday this week. Thursday I woke up tired, groggy, and late. I would've been 1/2 hour late for work anyway, plus it was rainy out, and I had barely slept all night (anxious about playing with my friend's band), so I called in sick (they had extra people at work anyway). When you miss as much as me, missing even one more day is bad, but then had to miss on Friday as well. A storm on Thursday knocked out my cable modem and I couldn't get online at all. I have a bunch of auctions running and a side deal in the works, so it was imperitive that I get back online immediately. Of course, the best they could do timewise was between 12 and 6pm on Friday. Naturally, I was scheduled to work 11:30am to 5pm, so WHAMMO ...fucked again. I can only imagine the things they must say about me at Wendys. "Why is he still working here?" "What a dick." "Can't we just fire him?" "Sick ...again? Yeah, right!" "He missed because  his computer isn't working ?" I can't say I'd blame them either.      My Musical Dilemma   I mentioned something about playing with my friend's band. John got ahold of me and wants to get me into his band. His band actually broke up and he's in the process of getting another one together again. Unfortunately, I have very low expectations for this  incarnation because he's not fixing all of his problems. His lead guitar player from the 1st incarnation of his band doesn't play lead all that well (he's a much better rhythm guitar player), so John wants to bring me in on lead. But, John has never told the guitar player what he thinks of his playing and seems insistant on keeping him around. This is going to cause many problems. For starters, my playing style as a guitarist is to play rhythm and lead as if it were the same thing. I don't really want or need a 2nd guitarist, and if I did, I could just use John, who also plays guitar. So I'm going to have to conform my style to play with the other guitarist who isn't very good to begin with (not that I'm all that either). On top of that, since John can't tell the guy that his playing isn't so great, John wants me to let the guy do some of the leads too. I have a feeling that whole situation is going to be very, very touchy. To make matters even worse, John has already suggested that me and the other guy may have to switch off and on on bass as well. This was a major problem with his original lineup, where he had a keyboard player who took turns on the bass with the lead player and their rhythm player. One guy, one instrument; that's the way I'd prefer it to be. Also, he's talking about doing some acoustic gigs, which I have no desire whatsoever to do. I have a vision of what I want to do musically, and I know that John's style and vision is different than my own. If we can mesh everything, it might work, but that's a big "if" and with the other guitar player in he mix, it seems even less possible. I guess we'll jam and see what happens. I just want to play again, really. I'm even considering playing bass for my friend, just to be out playing. I know though, that over time, I would get irritated with the questionable lead playing. My friend already is, which is why I don't get keeping the other guy around. Problems, problems, problems...nothing's ever easy.