Ugh!   So... I spent all morning (from 1:30am until 11am) wiping and reloading my computer with the help of Gateway's tech support. All had been going well, I was almost done loading everything and nearly ready to go online, when I ran into a problem and had to call tech support again. The other tech people had been great, I had been lucky, but my luck ran out this time. I knew almost immediately that she did not know what she was doing; she was having me do things that didn't have anything to do with the problem I called in about (my computer was starting up in normal mode, but it looked like safe mode because the display settings weren't set right). She had me delete drivers for sound and video (which caused problems), and she had me running around in circles of futility (everything she had me do led to the blue screen of death). She seemed totally clueless. I was getting angry and frustrated (I knew she was way off, plus she didn't appear to listening to me at all), and I almost hung up on her several times (so I could call back and get someone else to help me), but I figured she must have some knowledge that I didn't, being a tech support person and all, so I stayed with her. Eventually she had me take my computer apart and check the motherboard (again, nothing do with my original problem). She had me checking capacitors and I found a bad one, for the memory, and now I have to have a new motherboard shipped to me and then I have to redo everything all over again after it arrives (and after I can schedule a service person to come over and install it). Fuck... me. While I'm glad we discovered the bad capacitor, it may explain why my memory drains so fast and why I didn't notice any difference in my PC after I installed a bunch of extra memory (problems I've mentioned to other Gateway tech people before), my original problem was still unresolved. After I hung up, I thought about it and then went and fixed it myself. All I had to do was leave it the way it was, go forward and connect to the internet, then go to the Windows Update site and download a new display driver. Voila! Problem solved. I'm back online now and everything is running smoothly. I'm really not looking forward to doing this shit all over again.