Back Online... For Now   I think it's official: I hate Time/Warner cable, or "Brighthouse", which is what they're calling themselves now. They supply my Roadrunner cable modem service. For the second time this year (we only switched to them this year), my service got knocked out and stayed out for almost three days. I had problems with Verizon from time to time, but I never lost service for more than two days. I run auctions on eBay and need to be able to communicate with potential bidders and auction winners. I went up to New Port Richey on Friday night, everything was fine, but when I returned early Saturday morning, I couldn't get online. We had had a big storm in the area and I guess it knocked the cable modem out (the cable TV worked fine). That's what happened last time too. They finally got everything up again around noon today, but now my computer is whacked-out. It looks like Windows ME has been corrupted. I can't play any of my MP3s (it says those file types are unsupported), I can't open my Outlook Express (it says I may be out of memory or my disk may be full...neither is true), and Windows now longer remembers any of my passwords, no matter how many times I put them in. There is also an Internet Explorer icon on my desktop that wasn't there on Friday, that I didn't put there, and that won't let me delete it. It looks like I'm going to have to wipe my computer ... again . I'm really pissed about that. So... I guess I will have to start on the wiping and reloading soon. Grrrrrr!!!!!!!   Here's a rundown of what I've been up to all weekend:   Friday   We drove up to New Port Richey in a rainstorm. The power went out at my sister's house shortly after we got there. My brother-in-law and me headed over to Bourbon Street to see tha Zebra concert after a bit. My friend Sue was supposed to go too, but she opted to fight me in a Kung-Fu showdown instead. Wuss! We got there at 7:30pm, but they still hadn't opened the doors yet. I saw 7:30pm on the   Bourbon Street website ; I didn't realize that was just the time the doors opened, I thought that's when the show started. Boy, was I wrong. There were a few other folks standing out in the rain too. I thought that was pretty jerky. They should have let us in instead of letting us get rained on. Eventually they let us in around 7:45. We sat around waiting for my sister to show up. She finally got there around 8:15. We ordered some food and drinks. I had jalapeno poppers (awesome...they served cheddar ones and cream cheese ones) and I ate some of their wings. They were weird tasting and pretty hot too, my sister didn't want hers, so I had a few. I only drank cokes (at $2 a pop), no alcohol. The first band, Cheeky Monkey, came on around 9pm. They were pretty good, the chick singer/guitarist especially, but their choice of cover tunes wasn't exactly my cup of tea (plus the chick seemed to sing about cocaine and getting high an awful lot...a problem there?). They must have played for at least an hour. We had good seats, at tables, right up front to the side, but as soon as Zebra got close to coming on, everybody made their way up there and blocked our view. I had to stand for the rest of the show... and it was a really long show. Zebra played for about three hours. They did everything off their first album, a bunch off their other two, some new ones from their forthcoming CD, a Montrose cover, and four Led Zeppelin covers ("The Ocean", and for their encore: "The Immigrant Song", "Black Dog", and "Rock-N-Roll")! They were awesome! I couldn't believe how well they transferred what they did on their albums to the live stage. I thought they would lose a lot, sonically, but that wasn't true at all. Randy Jackson, the lead singer/guitarist was hitting some amazing notes, vocally, and was tearing it up on the guitar. The drummer was a monster, way more impressive live than on CD. I couldn't believe just how good he was. Later in the set, he did a drum solo... it was intense. The bassist was great too. He played bass, sang back-up, played keyboards, and he even sang lead on a cover song, Montrose's "Rock Candy". He was really cool, very friendly (I got to talk to him very briefly). He said that after the show, the band would be hanging out and would sign autographs for everyone. How cool is that? Well, it would have been cool had everyone not bailed on me. My sister split around 11:45. She said she was tired. And my brother-in-law wanted to leave after Zebra left the stage the first time. I had to twist his arm to stay for their encore (the all Zeppelin encore). He bolted after that, so I don't even know if they played another encore. I was getting tired by then too, but I still wanted to stay. They weren't much fun to be with. When the bands were playing, they never moved, never smiled, never spoke...nothing. I had no idea whether they were enjoying the show or not. I think the only time my sister moved was to check her watch. I would have had a lot more fun if a certain someone hadn't of wussed out.    Saturday   We brought my nephew, Jesse, home with us. We left there around 2:30am, got home around 3:30am (after stopping at Walgreens). We stayed up a little after that and then crashed for the night. I didn't have any extra money this weekend, so I didn't get to do much with Jess. I took him to my band practice at 5pm. We jammed with that drummer, Larry, from Thursday night. He looked to be around his mid to late 40's, not as old or as grizzled as I had imagined. He was ok, did a good job, but wasn't very impressive. He'd be a solid, steady drummer and that's about it. Me, JP, and Al weren't at our best that day, all of us blowing parts during one song or another. I'd still have to say we're getting better each time out though. We played all of the songs we've done the last few times, plus I threw out "Hey Joe", just to have something to play. Larry said he had two other bands to try out for and he'd get back to us, which I'd imagine was his way of saying "thanks, but, no thanks". We may have another drummer this week, Jimmy, the old drummer for the band. He's really good. Jess looked like he was getting bored, but he said he had a good time and liked the music we played. On the way over, JP took a sharp left and his acoustic guitar case fell on Jesse's head. It hit pretty hard, but luckily, he was ok.  Jesse wound up playing a lot of Beach Head 2000 on my PC this weekend. I showed him how and he went to town on it. We went out to eat at Denny's (Jess had never been there) and we chowed down. I had a double cheeseburger and fries, plus a strawberry sundae. We usually never order dessert, but we did tonight. I wound up drinking Jesse's strawberry shake too. His eyes were bigger than his belly. I was stuffed. We watched basketball a little after we got home. We stayed up late on Saturday. At 3:30am, I was ready to hit the sack, but he wanted to watch "The Silence Of The Lambs", so we wound up staying up til nearly 6am.    Sunday   We didn't do much at all. I played with Jess a bit on the couch, playfighting. Jess played Beach Head 2000 for awhile and I watched basketball until I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer and went back to bed. I woke up at 10:30pm, and Jess was aleady gone.  I was sleepy all night. I had to be up at 8am for the cable guy on Monday, so I planned on staying up a little, and then going back to bed until 8am. I wound up staying up all night. Sunday was a total waste, but I did do a little laundry, so at least I did  something .   Oh yeah... JP called me today and I am definitely going to the Crosby, Stills, and Nash concert on Wednesday! Yes! Unfortunately, the ticket will cost me $85, it's at Ruth Eckerd Hall, but I can take my time paying him for it. Sweet!