Lately, I've been...     Listening to : I threw my new Jayhawks CD ("  Rainy Day Music ") on, played it a couple of times, and loved it! Some of the songs sounded almost like "Deja Vu" era Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young. Great CD.    Watching on TV : "Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn", "Real Time with Bill Maher", "Fear Factor" (the only 'dumb" show I watch), and reruns of "Everybody Loves Raymond", "The Simpsons", and "Seinfeld".   Downloading : I downloaded several   Carlos Mencia  shows. He's a very funny comedian, kind of like a cross between Don Rickles and Sam Kinison. I also downloaded several tracks from The Folksmen, from the soundtrack for "  A Mighty Wind ", the folk music "mockumentary". It's basically a folk version of Spinal Tap, made by the same people who are in Spinal Tap (Guest, McKean, and Shearer). Some very amusing stuff, but it's probably much funnier in the movie than taken out of context on a soundtrack CD. For instance, folkies often sing songs about train wrecks or coal mine disasters. So, The Folkmen did a song called "Blood On The Coal", about a train that wrecks inside a coal mine (it went in the wrong hole). Brillliant idea, and funny when it's explained, but if you hear the song on it's own, you probably won't get the joke right away. I'm dying to see the movie, but it's not showing  anywhere  around here. Dammit! I also downloaded some stuff from a band called Mooney Suzuki that my friend Rob recommended. I haven't heard any of that yet.   Reading : Nothing still. I suck.   Jamming : I've been practicing up on some of the covers JP wants to do. Tom Petty's "American Girl", the Stray Cats' "Rock This Town" (I like the song, but I don't want to cover it), Fastball's "The Way", Queen's "Crazy Litle Thing Called Love" (which I  really  don't want to do), and Clapton's version of "Before You Accuse Me". We play again on Thursday...no word yet on whether or not we'll have a drummer that night though.   Working : Uhhh... no.   Buying : See above. Actually, not having a job wouldn't stop me from buying stuff. In fact, I did buy two Hendrix CDs on eBay (Russian imports), but they haven't been paid for yet.     Eating : Today: for both lunch and dinner, I had Boston Market TV dinners (country fried chicken) and raw carrots. Yesterday I had Arbys (Giant roast beef sandwiches) and some potato salad. I've been chowing on ham, potato salad, and deviled eggs that Mom made on Sunday. Still drinking too much soda.     Feeling : Nervous. Not sure why...maybe it's the uncertainty of my job situation. I also came down with a cold or something, been real congested the last few days, but it's going away.    Planning : Short term, it's   Zebra  on Friday! I can't wait! My brother-in-law and sister are going and my friend Sue had better go too (or else...kung-fu time). Long term, I need to get a new and better job. I will start looking next week.