Jobbed   I think I'm going to try and get a job doing something I like this time, like working in a record store, a guitar store, a videostore, or a bookstore...maybe even a library. I've mostly worked in restaurants in the past. I used to like them because they allowed you to do your job and then go home. No major hassles, and no major responsibilities. I've been a dish washer and a cook at many, many restaurants, fast food and "real" restaurants as well (Wendy's, McDonalds, Sizzler, Knockers, Chilis, etc..). I also worked at a grocery store, Kash-N-Karry, in the meat department, for several months. I hated that job with a passion. I've sorted mail at a pre-sort place too, which I will refrain from naming for, soon-to-be, obvious reasions. I actually found that work relaxing, but the pay was lousy and the women that ran it were total ...ummm... "c-words". That's right, they were total cunts. They used to keep their offices well air-conditioned, but they'd shut the air off out in the warehouse where we worked. It was, basically, a sweat shop. Nevertheless, I've worked for them like three times now and I've quit on them each time because of the way they treated me and the others. The last time I worked there I told them I wanted to work in the office (due to my, then-recent, back injury), but they saw that I was a machine operator at another job and they decided that that's what I was going to do there. They had me pulling trays of mail off the sorting lines and loading them into mail carts, which absolutely killed my back. I did that crap for two or three days and then I quit. The job where I hurt my back, which shall also remain nameless, was decent at first. I started there as a temp and enjoyed the work, which was mostly hand assembly stuff. The best thing about that situation, was the lack of any real responsibility. Like a restaurant job, you go in, do your job, and then go home. However, after nearly two years of working as a temp, I got hired as a regular full-timer there (for the health insurance). It was a cake job at first, I just unloaded CDs out of a machine that puts CDs together and put them in trays onto a skid or else I loaded those CDs into a machine that wrapped them. Again, I had very little responsibility and I liked that. Now don't get me wrong, I worked hard, and I always gave my best effort, but I didn't want a lot of responsibility mainly because I didn't want to have to deal with the managers. Bosses annoy and intimidate me, especially the weasels one I had at this particular job. Unfortunately, the cake walk only lasted a little while. The manager there decided that we should have a larger workload, but with no additional pay. Almost overnight, the job became less enjoyable. I eventually took on a lot more responsibility there, for the raises in pay, and that was the beginning of the end of that job. The weasel factor grew more and more intense, the workload got overwhelming (tons of mandatory overtime, plus I often had to do other peoples work for them because they refused to be trained), the machinery was frustrating (I had to call for maintenance almost nightly), office politics grew tiring, and before long I had had enough. That job screwed me up in many ways. Physically, because of the back injury I suffered there, but also mentally. I no longer cared anymore. I had given my all and got nothing in return for it but headaches and an even larger workload. I did my job to the best of my ability, even with all of the additional responsibilies placed on my shoulders, I always busted my ass, but did I ever get any appreciation or thanks? Never. Just "why didn't you do this" or "what happened to that". I saw that a few others there, who never busted their asses, never seemed to have the stress that I did, and I started wondering what I was busting my ass for when no one else seemed to care. It was all pointless. All of it. And not a damn thing I was doing there made a bit of difference in the world. Life's too short to waste it sweating over nothing. So... I quit there and went back to school, to community college. I lasted there only 2 1/2 semesters before I ran out of money. I hadn't planned anything, going back to school, I just  went for it . I should've planned everything out beforehand; I had no idea of what I was getting into nor any idea of how things worked there. I was only there a short time, but I got  a lot  out of it. I learned that I was still capable of working hard, and that I was capable of getting good grades when I put my mind to it (I got all A's, except for one B in Algebra), something I never did when I was younger (I dropped out of High School). But the most important thing I got from my return to school was the reopening of my own mind. I found myself again. It was the two semesters of Western Humanities that did it. I found a renewed love for the arts, for history, and for creativity. I started reading again, reading more in a single year than I had read in my whole life, and I went to museums. I started feeling alive again, mentally, and I decided that I had to start making music again...that was me, that's who I am. I decided to take a year off from having a "real job" and tried working on my own (selling basketball cards) and working to get a band going. Unfortunately, I was lazy, I didn't sell often enough, and so I wound up getting even further in debt. I had to get a job again, had to do it fast, so I went back to restaurant work again, back to Wendy's. That's the job I just quit.  So this time, when I start looking for a job again, I think I'm going to try and find something that I would enjoy doing, something I could do  for me .   I guess the first sentence was sufficient, huh?   D'oh!