Fucking parents.  They succeeded in getting me to flee the house about four hours ago with their rude comments.  As if nothing at all has happened here.  Like blood in the water.  What began as an innocuous conversation about the old-days of TV turned into a scathing indictment of the sexual nature of today’s television.  Pointing out immediately that my mom’s favourite show is Sex in the City.  To no avail.  The conversation (or was it a monologue by mom?) went on about how every nation who has allowed for sexual freedom has fallen on their faces.  Backed up by dad and his statistical offerings,  not a word from me, of course.  Just a quiet, hoping-you’ll-drop-this-line-of-conversation tone of “I don’t agree.”    But no.  it couldn’t end there.  I wasn’t wounded enough.  I knew where this was going and was quick to pull out before being goaded into playing into it.    “so you don’t believe in Sodom and Gammorah?” she asks.  “no I don’t.”    Hello?  The most commonly brought-up passage of the bible to put gays out to rust in the rain?  Fuck you!!  So she goes on to my father, her obvious only ally…  “Did you hear they passed some legislation paving the way for same-sex marriages in congress today?”  Or was it in California.  This hostile, sickened look on her face.    So fuck them both.  I grabbed my glass of wine and my blanket (my back was screwed and I thought I’d spend the night with them instead of hibernating upstairs), and I walked upstairs with a stoic face and a silence I’ve worked on for years to manage without tears.  We were having such a decent night together.  Out of nowhere…  And with all that’s going on, don’t you think there’d be a bit more sensitivity?  I’m appalled.  I’m sickened.  This is yet another blow to my confidence.  This illusory support system.  Don’t fucking hug me to make you feel better.  You’re not on my  side, and there’s no trying to fool me after tonight.  They let me walk out the door tonight 20 minutes later without an apology.   Awful.  Another abandonment.  Welcome to hell.