Another day of being broke, more bills piling up in the mailbox without a check from the insurance company to cover it.  Not permitted to get a job, not able to cover even my minimum payments on my credit cards or to manage to keep my checking account balance in the black.  Deposited a small check from selling a textbook, and it told me I’d been in the negative again.  How, I have no idea, nor do I have the energy to look into it.  Just in case I freak out again.  It was at the computer checking my finances that I did that.    I know why men in debt kill themselves – the insurance money, to save their families the pain of suffering through what mess they’ve gotten themselves into.  I know that helplessness.  And I haven’t even amassed enough debt that selling my car wouldn’t amend.  Yet it’s the principle.  I’m trapped.  I’ve lost my way.  Nothing I can really do besides shift the debt around to someone who won’t charge me late fees, ruin my already ruined credit.  How am I ever going to get out of this house without good credit?  Another day desperate to cut myself but instead I’m laughing tears of defeat.  Can’t hit my head against the wall.  That’ll show bruises too hard to hide.  Can’t kick anything.  Spraining my ankle will keep me from being able to get exercise.  And then what?!  I’ll surely collapse.  My stomach turns.  Out of spite for myself and my situation, I make myself tea to better feel what’s happening.  Like, bring it on.    Called the attorney again today.  Directly speaking to anyone would be too much for them, apparently.  Always getting his paralegal who doesn’t give a shit about my situation.  Either doesn’t care or is too stupid to call my cell, the number I leave with him.  Always calls the house.  And then never has my file in front of him, so he has no idea what’s going on.  Guess he ought to call my house.  More problems.  My cell isn’t working for some reason, although that’s one bill I’m current on.  Not for long though, eh?  Why can’t I call out?  I can receive calls.  Not that I’m getting any.  No one at my attorney’s office is taking me seriously.  No one calls back until way later, and then they have nothing but “we’re working on it” to tell me.  No one understands how this is making me feel.  No one cares that I’m helpless.  Got the stitches out today.  Looks like a horrendous scar I’ve given myself.  Won’t that look pretty in a formal gown?  Nothing is working.  Deep denial of how crazed I feel is allowing me to get out the door now to make it to my psychiatrist appointment with Resnikoff in La Jolla.  At least it’s got an ocean view, that place.  I can get there early, sit in my parked car and cry my eyes out.  But I’ve got to get there first.  I might as well be drunk if I’m going to allow myself to drive with tear-clouded eyes.  I’m just as distracted.    What’s next?  Exactly how much more can I endure?  I wish my back was better so I could pick up something really heavy and throw it.  Preferably something made of glass so I can hear its destruction loud and clear.  Shattered glass to scream for me.