Another extended break in between classes is proving to be just the ticket to reconsider sticking around for the second round of school.  Haven’t eaten yet today, couldn’t get up and out of the house (and off instant messenger with Amy) in time to hit the gym as planned.  What good is it to get there for a mere 30 minute sweat and have a traffic jam to contend with on my way to classes?  I prefer the relaxation of being 20 minutes early to school to prep my brain for literary criticism discussions.  It takes more than a cup of coffee and a brisk shower to get my brain wanting to think about the nature of art.  It takes a reread and a moment of quiet in the car.  Dreary day seducing me back to the quiet of the house and the solitude of homework paper writing.  A batch of French onion soup to warm me and perfume the house.  Seems I have to wait a little while today before that can happen – the folks aren’t leaving for Julian until a bit later on when the temperature has dropped below 90.  can’t say I blame them.  Yet it has been a few days since I’ve had the luxury of withdrawal.  Falling behind on my blogging, a flurry of mental activity propelling me back.  Seems I’ve been able to negotiate the adjustment to all this medication, restoring my mental capacity to its normal range.  It’s a good thing too.  What good are anti-depression measures if I have no voice?  The upcoming weekend is soon to be, and I couldn’t care less.  No Amy equals no plans.  I expect to at least sit down to email her in the coming days to augment the IM sessions.  What a dreaded distance her job has wedged between us.   I suppose this will open me up to explore other social outlets that have been neglected.  Or better yet, give me more time to study and work at my writing without the impetus to leave the house each night.  Being cloistered away in my den upstairs doesn’t sound too bad at all.  Just wish she was home on the weekends like before.  Time to sweat it out and catch up on my reading.  About 700 pages to read by Wednesday.  And a paper due on the position of Audience in Classical and Renaissance Literary Criticism.  Oooo FUN!