Silly blogspot changing the interface so I can’t figure out how to change my HTML template.   The link to it isn’t loading.  I suppose I could check their tech support site and be assuaged by their acknowlegements of the problem they’re working on.  Whatever.  Another sick picture isn’t completely necessary.  The night winding down for me.  my sweet casey dog in my bed, freshly washed from joining me in the shower.  Freshly washed sheets to drown myself in, a faint wafting of bleach to calm my soul.  Clean!  I even took a shower today!  Albeit after a couple of days.    Having a couple of beers, flipping through the channels now that I’ve completed my homework for tomorrow’s literary commentary class.  What do I find after my compulsory nightly Seinfeld episode?  The notoriously high-brow FOX network is airing this disgusting bit of entertainment called “Stupid People Caught on Tape” or something to that effect.  What a sorry state this country is in when this kind of crap makes the grade for prime-time programming.  Then again, I’ve been singing the same song since “Friends” made its first appearance.  Who can stand that crap?!  I’d rather watch a Terminator movie or something equally low on any reasonable taste measure.  Preferably one with Linda Hamilton.  Man, I had a crush on her in jr. high.  Think it was the SNL appearance.  Oh, and the pull-ups scene.  Tough chicks.  I dig.  So Tony Blair “Wowed!” a joint session of congress today.  And you know, I actually don’t have something cynical to say to discredit the man’s efforts to speak up and speak out.  Some may point to the stark contrast between this man and our own country’s president… the fresh breeze brought by someone with such a markedly superior command of an audience as a public speaker.  Bush is so incredibly inept at communicating with the public.  It may not be an accurate measure to judge someone, but we assume a correlation between the competency of others and their ability to communicate.  I’m not even a republican, but I still cringe in empathetic embarrassment each time that man’s face pops into the little lighted box in my room and I see his lips move.  As a matter of humanistic compassion.  No wonder liberals feel like the election was stolen from ding-dong, sing-song Gore.  But who’s worse?!  To the both of you: Hire a speech writer who can coach you to deliver their material with a dignity suitable for a world leader!!  And with that, I crack open my last cold one of the night and hit the sheets.  Got to be up early to make it to the gym before school commences.  Time to dig in deeper, break through that barrier of fitness I seem to have hit, stuck without significant improvement after the weeks and weeks of work.  More.  I’m ready.