Commenting on this image is probably not necesary,  Unless you're in the business of explaining to your young son Why Not to join the Boy Scouts or side with the Alter Boys.  What am I thinking about?  Trying to get to sleep when there’s so much national news to comment on?!  No, it didn’t take me until now to flip on a cable news show.  I had the visuals turned on the flatscreens in front of me at the gym, as my ears bled from the high decibles of Dirty Vegas and Outkast tunes.  Multi-tasking.    Feelin’ a little shaky about democracy in these here United States.  And it ain’t the Zoloft or alcohol!  A near fist fight on Capital Hill last week, now a murder in the city council of New York this morning… That Grey Davis is being recalled is my only salvation, the f-ing weiner.  If I was a dem, I’d be ashamed.    The audio tapes catching his crew proposing to extend the deficit problem longer than necessary for political-pull reasons really capped the situation.  That fuck is SO for sale, and his political lifespan is his only motivation.  Good-fucking-riddance.  But...  Pray we don’t go through what Minnesota had to endure with that wrestler dude.  Take a poll, republican party.  When you hear the name “Arnold Schwarzenegger,” how many can honestly say, in their first twenty descriptive adjectives, who can manage to say “smart” or “educated?”??  The Catholic archdiocese is in big fucking trouble, but it seems after today that, despite the preventative/punishment measures that were going to be taken, they’re not enough.  Hearing people screaming anger and desperation on NPR today, sound bytes from some protest… I sink in shame for these victims.  Sink in shame since the culprits don’t appear they’ll be doing as much after being let off the hook.  Fucking criminal charges not being pursued.  I’d be screaming too!!  Young people being sexualised by authority figures.  That being glossed over just because they’re clergy.  We should pass a law where  all  catholic clergy must own a gun.  To facilitate suicides, of course, and save taxpayers from having to try, convict, and prosecute these fucks.