A brush with stardom never hurts when capping off a near perfect meal out with the family.  A luscious meal at Café Japengo with my parents, brother, and Axia spilled into the patio outside as we waited for our party to gather before we finally departed, bellies full of fresh fish and lemongrass-coconut crème brulee.  As we stood there chatting it up, I look up in time to notice the couple walking in.  I noticed her first, hard not to notice having looked at this face for years and years on the telly with eyes of worship.  Stephi Graf and Andre Agassi walking into the restaurant after us!!  Heads down somewhat, dressed inconspicuously in casual attire.  I love her!!  She's my sports-girl-Elvis!  The thrill of it brought such a smile to my face.  And luckily it didn’t throw me off to where I changed my demeanour or spoke up in any way.  Larger than life.  Literally.  She's kinda tall!  God, she's an icon in my little book of studs.  Oh, and he's a bit of a living legend himself.  sheesh.    Very cool indeed.  I would have felt bad to pull them out of their incognito night out.  They live a couple of miles away from my parents now that they moved to san diego.  But what a kick in the pants to be out and see them like that.  Guess that’s what you get when you go to a killer restaurant.  I was wondering how long it would be until I saw them around town.  Steffi is a machine, the best legs tennis has ever seen.  If ever the term “power couple” has been employed, this is the quintessential example.    Unfortunately the night was marked by a worse-than-usual bout of back pain brought on by a six-hour paper writing session.  Two large Sapporos and a pain pill that still had me needing a pair of aspirin, and I was finally feeling at ease.   At least the paper is done and not too bad considering the topic is rather out of my usual topic comfort zone.    And now I sit in the parking lot of the neighbourhood pool alone with my laptop, some beer, and American Spirits.  The mix CD I’d made for last night’s trip to Luis’ house, the tunes that I made to fuel my flight down there.  Bits of Sade’s newest album on the player right now, the last glow of evening light fading in the sky above me through the open sunroof.  Pretty great day in total.  To top a good night with friends last night that had everything from great food, champagne wine and beer, and even iced with the somewhat vague memories of being in the pool naked by the night’s conclusion.  So what if no one joined me?  It felt fantastic to glide through the warm water unencumbered.  Grilled tiger shrimp marinated in soy vay.  Pastry shells filled with shrimp bisque or some variation of it.  Vegetable and spicy sausage skewers in between, grilled to perfection.  A little veuve cliquot and the like.  Some sunshine enough to lend a touch of pink to my already bronzed skin.  A good time, no doubt.    What conversation did not make it to the table this evening had to do with a phone call I received this afternoon from a friend named matt.  He called to inquire about my plans for Gay Pride this upcoming weekend.  He’s the president of the university Gay and Lesbian group.  Yes, the same group I vowed not to resume a connection with.  But this is different.  It seems this weekend, the whole group is going to be a part of the parade.  Not just a part but we’re actually going to be /marching/ in it.  Yeehaww!!!  So I told him I’d be there, no problem.  I’d planned to make it down there, but I wasn’t sure that they were still planning to be a part of the festivities.  So yay!  If you see me on the news next Saturday night, I’ll be the one flashing the crowd or walking with nothing but flip-flops and body paint.  Man, do you still get arrested for being nude in public?  SF Pride is so different.  You can walk around topless all day, and no one will ask a thing.  Should be a blast.  If they show up when expected…  I’m sad to have so much reading to do for my classes this summer now that I allowed myself a 50-page sneak-peak into the long-awaited Guns, Germs, and Steel.  How much fun is this book?!  Cultural anthropology is such a fun area to study anyway, but this book encapsulates, albeit briefly, the entire history of humanity.  Highlighting the factors that lead to the development of various societies, their success dependent on a myriad of factors, spelling out the fate of societies today in light of their respective advantages and disadvantages.  From timing to resources, to the availability of draft animals and paper, to the diseases that interrupted the natural course of events.  Truly interesting reading.  And not that elitist intellectual language that keeps certain works out of the simple level of understanding that an overview like this warrants.  Nice to have more neutral things to talk about with the family, also big fans of Jared Diamond.  I’ll have to set aside time to work on finishing this thing.  Ah, the time.  More things keeping me from blogging as I long to.  But hey – I’ve done a pretty good job in the recent past getting this thing going again.  Even revamping the look of it, adding silly shit like the WOO-WOO guy.  More to come.  Hopefully as trite as the way it has always been.  Got to have the entertainment factor along with the serious, real life commentary.    Alas, my bladder cannot hold out any longer.  Time to save to disk and make my way up the hill to the homestead.  I’ll have to make this hideout a habit.  This was good…