I’m torn.  What seems so off-putting for its stereotypes… I feel like a naughty queer for liking this show.  I’m talking about Bravo’s series,  Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.     It’s horrible the way a couple of these guys flit around… not for the flitting, but for the images that I just know are burning into the minds of people who don’t have a diverse enough perspective to temper the one-sidedness.  And it makes straight guys look like fools.  Is that incorrect?  Why I like it?  Because I too am about to have a home of my own, and I’m just dying to have an ace in my pocket in terms of decorating the place.  Hip, affordable, not everything from Ikea… Where can I saddle up on some killer paint colours?  Who can help me throw it up?  Mind you, I have plenty of ideas about what I want to do with this place.  But it’s the finances and the resources of sheik decorating stores that have me in a bind.   Gridlock traffic on the I5 South from 8am until now, 6:50pm… and will probably remain so into the night.  I guess this is the downside of living in paradise.  That and the median home prices resting around 350,000.  82’ and dry (finally no rain or mugginess!!) with a 70’ water temperature.    Another hour on the elliptical today, then 150 sit-ups.  Feeling so fit after this hard week of work.  And flexible, thanks to the reminders from Natalie.  Two weeks until seeing Amy in Barbados.  Two weeks until I get to hand out in a bikini from dawn to dusk.  Spent a little time in the sun this afternoon too.  A couple of hours in the summer loveliness reading Kate Chopin for the second time.  Smoking smokes and nuzzling into the steamy grass.  Just enough time to tan, no burn, and set up an even better base for the upcoming trip.  Sushi with Bryan at 5pm in Carlsbad to give him a break from moving into his new place.  Came home on the backroads to circumvent the traffic, changed into jeans and flopped down on the bed with the remote in my hand, debating whether to nap, open a beer, or just sit still.  A little of all the above options, I guess.  But alas, my downtime is over.  I’m expected to make an appearance at Luis’ house in a few.  In less time than it’s going to take to get down there.