There’s something wonderfully positive in the progression of the lives of me and my friends.  Amy's in Barbados.  Chris is getting married and leaving town.  The girls in Minnesota are planning a move.  And Bryan...    Went over the Bryan’s new pad in downtown Carlsbad tonight to see the thing and check out the neighbourhood.  This cute old house with charm in abundance.  Smallish and cosy, I helped him (Albeit with the limitation of a cripple) get his bed put together.  Right before leaving for Tom Gibblin’s for a couple of pints.  A quaint waltz around the streets of that cute-ass borough, and I was tuckered out.  Well yeah!  I spent the day at the tennis tournament!  Ok, so I didn’t run into any ex-girlfriends, but I did see Kim Frost.  Mom even pointed her out as she walked by, urging me to go over and say hi.  Mom, of course, doesn’t know the crush I have on her.  Or that the crush was the reason I kept going back to her for massages last summer before my surgery.  Then one day, she went to “kiss” me goodbye.  Only she went for my mouth.  Wha?!!    Just a friendly peck was intended, I gather.  Or rather, I soon found out.  I hesitated, gave her that look like, “are you kidding?  Do you have any idea what I’d like to do to you?”  Yeah, that lead to a somewhat awkward moment.  Only it came off as well as it could have.  It didn’t happen, and the two of us had a good chuckle.  As I figured she knew, I let her in on my lustful intentions.  And let her know if she ever changed her mind, I was all for the change of heart.  God damn, that woman would be a night to write about.  So anyway, she was with her nephew and some young woman with him.  I suppose she didn’t have the space to be uncomfortable even if she was.  God bless the shock factor.  And god bless that woman's body.  (wolf whistle)  40-nothin!  Fucktastic.  Don't mind if I do.  Since I'm being crude and pricking this vein already, i have to ask...  Can   The Man Show    really be hosted by different guys?  I don’t think so.  Jimmy Kimmel and Adam Corola /made/ that show.  Thank Comedy Central for rerunning the goodin’s.    I’ve decided.  I’m adopting a greyhound!  I love my dawgs.  I can’t imagine living in that condo without a pooch to share it with.  And to save a little athlete’s life would reign supreme.  I want a brown one.  Finally, a dog who can outrun red-dog Casey.    Getting to cook dinner for my exhausted mom tonight clinched it – I /officially/ can’t wait until I have a kitchen of my own and can do that every night.  Cooking is, second to none, the best thing for creative energies since sex was invented.  Just got to find someone to share the place with.