Did you know?!  To get into MENSA, you only need to have an IQ of 130?  Yes, that’s right kids.  Just a copy of your Stanford-Binet testing results saying you’re in the top 2% of the population in intelligence testing.  Oh, and a $25 non-refundable “evaluation fee.”  And what do you get?  Apparently, a lot of nothing.  Outside of bragging rights.  Which, if you elect for such a thing, will only serve to lose you friends, not win any more of them.  Bryan is right; all the people you ever meet who have membership seem to bring it up in conversation pretty early on.  And there’s nothing to support their merit aside from the egotism you’d assume from such a person who’d go out of their way to join.  Yet what was I researching the other day?  Just for fun, I wasted some time at the computer when MSN Today popped up with an invitation to take someone’s IQ test.  I hadn’t taken one since I was a freshman in high school, and before then I was in elementary school.  So I decided to take it.  Mind you, I got every question right, and it still only gave me a 135 score.  Yes, I care about these measures of my worth!!  Sure, I took a lot of drugs and still do, if you count prescription pain pills and “non-addictive” sleep aides.  Am I a lesser human being for being intrigued still with being a member of said elitist organisation?  There’s dating potential, or so they advertise.  I’d guess that’s the only advertisable perk to membership.  That, and sharing stimulating conversation with other egomaniacs like yourself.    What if the fun-time of dropping acid and snorting Comet robbed me of my twenty-point cushion?  What if no queer woman would pander to such an elitist organisation?  What if it’s all a big joke by the people with IQs higher that 175 to milk money from insecure, gullible folks who want confirmation of their brilliance and status.  And are willing to pay 25 bucks for a piece of paper and the rights to brag in cocktail conversations when they’re feeling marginalised by their dorkdom?  That’s me, yes.  Since the original paper is gone that lauded me for my scores, I suppose I’ll have to find other means to feel good about myself.  Frickin' thing is lost!!  Mom has no statement about it, save for her sorry excuse: “It used to be in your file in the family records.”    Guess I’m back to shallow measures to establish my credibility.  All over again!