It’s a Saturday morning, damp out, still early, the day filled with expectation as if I’m about to suit up for an early soccer match. I dreamt last night that I was playing, fluid play, the kind of soccer that’s so clean and well executed you could fall back in the grass and laugh at how good you are. I dreamt of my teammates, the girls, the camaraderie of the fight to win and be better. I conjured up all the anticipation of those matches, the zone I slip into, the same place I go to in my head when I’m writing well. What I wouldn’t do to be sitting before a trainer getting my ankles taped, staring blankly at the grass breathing slowly and deliberately to steady my focus. Firing away shots and the keeper to warm her up and intimidate the opposition. Disappointment that my body is broken and I’ve lost all of that for good has me in tears this morning. I still can’t believe that part of me is gone.   Think I’ll pose as a meth addict and clean the house today. Part of me is afraid to get into it, waiting for the inevitable moment when I start to lose myself and I can’t stop because it’s never clean enough. I don’t know whether I was like this before I started using drugs or what. Cleaning, like writing, can have an effect of frantic addiction. I can’t stop. I slip into this tight focus, like a racehorse being whipped along. Like the nights when I start drinking next to my laptop and I seem to be in a race with myself to put them down as systematically as the sentences that come out. God, it’s a challenge to live within the bounds of being an addict. I’d better take a pain pill now so that when I’m up to my elbows in bathroom cleaners and the tailbone is throbbing, I’ll at least not care that it hurts. When I’m on my knees ordering my shoes according to colour and style and frequency of wear (it’s a complicated equation), I’ll know that I’ll be able to walk in them by the end of the day. Focus. It’s a tricky one to master. Always bordering on excess. Where’s the line between doing it and doing too much?