Anyone interested in sharing a few hours in the middle of the night in an LAX terminal with me?  Just spent the better part of my free time today researching the many ways I can get myself up to LAX in time for an early morning flight on the 19th.  Who would have thought this would be so expensive?  And without the money to make that expense a choice for me, how /difficult/ is it to get there at that time of day?  So I called Cloud9 to see what it would cost to take a shared van sort of thing.  ma-don!  200/one way!!!  I could drive up there and park somewhere for the duration of the trip for a mere 12/day.  Something like 120bucks.  Or I could stay at a hotel the night before and take a free shuttle over – cost varying, nothing I want to waste money on.  I’ve limited funds.  Why not spend it on drinks and prostitutes in Barbados?  So I figured it out.  Take the TRAIN!  I booked a trip from Solana Beach Station at 10:30pm on the 18th, the closest thing to my departure time that they offered.  I arrive at Union Station (train station code “LAX”) at 1:30am.  Here’s the catch: LAX in train lingo ain’t the same as LAX international airport.  One would ASSUME there’s a correlation or at least a connection! between the two.  But no.    So now what?  A quick plug into Mapquest reveals that there’s 20 miles of street traffic in between these two destinations.  (Mental calculations of cab costs should be ticking away in your heads).  No.  Again, the shared van option?  Yeah, I doubt it.  At 2am?  So…  my Dad is two seconds away from paying for a hotel room for me so that I’m “safe” and don’t end up wandering around downtown LA in the middle of a night.  Like I’d let it happen that way!!  So I’m a good kid, and I hate taking advantage of my dad’s money/charity.  There’s got to be a way to do this safely and affordably, right?  Like he and I were saying, “We’re not the first people to bitch about how hard it seems to get between these two destinations!”    Et, Voila!  The LA Subway!  I’d completely forgotten about it having never taken it in my life.  Shit, I’ve only been on a train once, and that was about twenty years ago.  It runs into the night, and it takes a good hour and a half.  Long enough to break up the monotony of sitting around until 7:40 to fly on out of there to Miami.  3am to 7:20 isn’t too terrible.  Look, I’m going to Barbados.  Amy’s flying me out, bless her heart.  And staying with her knocks off a few thousand! for the week.  When you do it cheep, you get what you get and you thank the Lord for the pleasure of the experience ~ because it’s going to be quite a while for you to reflect on it.  I can’t wait.  Tomorrow’s the 8th.  I leave on the… well, in reality, the 18th.  Oh my.  I can’t believe this is on the telly right now, but I’m watching it with a disgusted sneer, so it relieves me of the horror of being associated with those who set this to record on the tivo.  The fucking /reunion/ of 90210.  These has-been chumps who gained fame for a crap show ten years ago talking about themselves with the most self-congratulatory tone I’ve ever heard.  I mean, this show SUCKED.  Presenting it like it was this momentous event.  It was a crappy soap opera with trite scripts, fantasy-fulfilment story lines, and bad fashion.      In their defense, I’d rather watch reruns of that crap than all these “reality” shows.  The catch is, I’d rather turn off the telly altogether and flip on the ‘puter and listen to some music.  Well… ok, maybe if one of those reality shows was about lesbians, I’d watch it…. Although I’d still protest, saying it’s shallow and stereotypical.  But I saw ten minutes of Bravo’s new “Boy meets Boy” and I was totally intrigued – until I turned it off because it’s not quite the thing I care about.  The fact that it’s gay and I know folks will be talking about it made me stick around for as long as I did.  Which MUST be why straight folks watch these fake-marriage game shows.    Enough!  First, the TV is turned off.  Punk-ass arrogant actors talking about their long-past heyday as if they did something important…. Bye-bye.  Time for a walk through the neighbourhood.  I’m tanned and tired from the gym.  I think a walk is all I’m capable of at this point.    Someone in the park in front of my house is standing there, letting their phone play music incessantly.  All dark beneath the trees… can’t help but realise I’m being watched.  Maybe I should take off my clothes and write naked like I do in the mornings.    I need a shmoke.  Some fresh air to calm my sun-exposed skin.  Got a cute new chocolate brown bucket hat today and a green shirt that matches my eyes.  Pleased with the purchase.  Donning pig-tails tonight.  Tattered shorts to match the hat’s frayed ends.  Should be enough cover to go out and skulk around smoking cigarettes.  With the rhythmic flip-flopping of the ever-threatening shower shoes us Southern Californians like so much.  “BEWARE of DUDE.”