A lust for discipline.  It’s finally time in my day to sit back and entertain myself after the longest, most productive day outside of hyper-mode episodes.    Out the door to school by 8:15am, to class at 9am to turn in a paper and receive the lecture, then to the bookstore in O’side during break for a copy of some crap needs to be read by Monday, wolfed down two bagels while speeding back to school on the 78, stopped off at the condo models to get another look at the kitchen space to help conceptualise my own place and what can fit, then drove home for a quick wardrobe change, back to school again for another class, then applied for graduation in the admissions and records office when it was over, over to the new library and did 2 ½ hours of supplemental research for a term paper due next Wednesday, made phone calls on the drive down the 5, stopped by the pharmacy to pick up a prescription for summore drugas, then to the gym for two more hours including an hour on the elliptical where I burned a cool 900 calories (super-hard pace) and did 300 sit-ups and all my weights at 10-20 pounds heavier than usual… home by 7pm.  Only to begin cleaning on automatic, throwing my stinkies into the wash, and remaking the bed my dogs had made a mess of.  At least I’ve the sense to know that my body needs a rest, not to do too much more after all that I’d accomplished. Maybe it’s a depression holdover, that feeling that if I slow down or stop, I’ll never get those last couple of things and complete them.  Why?  I have the whole day tomorrow with absolutely nothing planned to do.  Silly.  Lots on my mind.  Got to keep busy, be productive, creative, active.  Just ate enough to stifle my exuberance.  Ravenous when I get done with those workouts!  And in fact, I suddenly feel like lying down and passing out.  It’s finally catching up with me.  Enticed by the possibility of rerunning the strangely troubling but overall quite lovely dreams of last night.   But so much happened today that I want to talk about!  I have some vomit I wanted to expel over the press conference I witnessed while on the elliptical this afternoon  - yes, involving a certain film “star.” (or should I be putting “film” in quotes as well?)  I guess I’ll have to get to that tomorrow, along with anything more I feel like cramming into this already-long day.  Larry-fucking-FLINT?  OK, OK... enough from me already, or I'll collapse.  Tomorrow's BLOG title?  "Move over Minnesota..."