Anyone out there watch  sex and the city    as religiously as I do?  Ok, good.  I’ve got a bitch.    I just sat down to catch up on my shows that my mom faithfully preserved on Tivo while I was gone, and I got to  sex .  The end scene pissed me off.  Actually, the whole thing that was gay themed.  Stanford’s boyfriend… well, of COURSE he’s dating an ex-escort.  All those gays are so loose and immoral!  How lame was that?  What was more lame?  Um… do drag queens date each other?!! Dance with each other?  Are all gay men drag queens and/or effeminate?  “Hel-ooo!!??”  (voice of the queen that Charlotte’s friends with on the show)  And then there’s the rerun of  Sopranos    that I watched.  The one where Ralphie kills the stripper he got pregnant.  And Noah dumps Meadow.  Crappy men episode.  What gives?  I did save one morsel of wisdom from what I saw; I’ll never be a pole dancer with my back.  Speaking of which, I got a warning today.  Seems someone else who’s settling with the Joe is telling me that I can expect NOT a lump sum but a bimonthly payment of 300 until it’s satisfied.  And all she got is 25g.  and she thinks she’ll be getting more than me because she has worked there longer.  Not sure how much stock I put in it, but when I look at my financial situation, I’m not put at ease.  Now what?!  I’ve got a court date in two weeks…  I keep remembering the troubled sleep I had last night.  Dreamt I was in a filmed play of Mamet’s.  Strange scenes of hiding and skirting the law.  Prostitution for money and shady business deals.  No wonder I woke up wet with sweat.  It was so complicated too… I’m kind of amazed that it was so coherent.  Should I write it down?  Where do these things come from?  Anyway, I woke up with that I’m-about-to-get-really-sick feeling.  When I’d do something, my heartbeat would resonate in a feeling akin to being dizzy or about to faint.  Spaced out, weak, and wondering if I was facing a hard time pulling it together to do anything this weekend.    I had a friend’s birthday party to attend earlier on this afternoon, the same group who stood me up a few months ago.  I give a shit about this girl, so I made my way out and brought her a cool CD gift.    Then there’s Bryan.  He wanted to get together.  Just in case, I went by his work earlier to give him the Cuban cigar I bought for him in Barbados.  (they’re still so expensive!!) I like the good gestures, but it’s hard to be all the way there.  But I am feeling better.  About a half a gallon of water at lunch and a third of the food I ordered, and I got my strength back.  Gulping down pills of Imnell and Echinacea.    Ok, ok… I need to eat summore and go play with Bryan.  It’ll give me an excuse to wear jeans again – I missed them so on my trip!