Disgusting tint from red wine coating my teeth looks like I’ve been snacking on raw meat or my teeth are dead. How many times a day to I brush/floss my teeth? Is it ever enough? Like a fucking OCD champ scrubbing the skin off of my hands in the sink, glazed eyes chanting, “now I’m not dirty, now I’m not dirty!” a mouth is a terrible thing to neglect. Maybe I’ll quit the coffee and smokes. It’d do more than a little Trident after meals. 2 out of 3 dentists agree.   Fuckin’ A – my favourite Curb your Enthusiasm episode was on tonight for us to watch while we ate the homemade pizza I assembled. A salty smackdown of kalamatas, feta, and pepperoni, complete with corn meal on the pizza stone for added flair. Let B eat the last piece despite the fact that I’ve hardly eaten all day. For days. School stress diet. System shutting down, breath held. Liquid diet of liquor and Gatorade, depending on the hour.   It was the Shaq episode. The quintessential Larry David, so tightly wound, so perfectly drawn. I couldn’t watch that show when I first gave it my attention. The frustration of watching him grate against his friends and family were enough to send small objects flying through the air by my hand in the direction of the TV. You have to appreciate the pain the show causes you. Appreciate the attitude. It’s sheer brilliance, that show. People are so stupid! So ridiculous! If you can’t see yourself in this show, if you can’t identify, well then you’re fooling yourself. No one wants anything to do with him after he trips Shaq at the game, and it’s the best thing that could ever happen to him. Ha! Fuck you too!! Man… Cheers to that. What a nightmare it must be to be married to that guy. I could go on and on discussing exactly why that episode rules, but I’m too lazy tonight. And I keep derailing myself with visions of other episodes like The Thong that second guess my assertion that this one is the best.   Since taking that nap was so incredibly lovely, I’m going to sneak back in and linger some more. Call it a night early and give tomorrow the fresh, undrunken start today was missing. Seems I have to scratch all possibility of doing anything if I wake up drunk. Ok, so that may seem obvious to everyone else. I’ll switch back to pain pills tomorrow and regain my composure, my focus. Hahaha… this is supposed to be funny, my little schtick. I’ll get a handle on this, I swear it.