Poked, prodded, made to bend and hold my position under the eye of the X-ray machine… I spent two long, irritating hours at a doctor’s office this morning, missing my first class and all but fifteen minutes of the second.  Stupid supplementary appointment to appease the defense lawyers in my lawsuit – they always want a second opinion.  I was the perfect [im]patient, just sitting there reading while sighing heavily as the time ticked by.  8 more X-rays.  Yep, count ‘em.  I did.  All of them since my injury, I counted over twenty five of the suckers.  All without a lead apron.  All showing relatively the same thing; either pre or post-implants.  Nothing’s changed, and yet each doctor wants his own sets of pictures.  I have to say I was filled with a little anxious excitement about coming to school today.  I bought a book at the Getty bookstore for my professor, Heather.  I made it to her class right at the end, in time to turn in my homework and hand it to her.  My hands were shaking, and I could tell I would have a hard time speaking with much relaxed ease.  But I did it, waited until everyone had left from our class, and I handed her the bag with the book in it.    Turns out she’d bought one already.  I let her know first and foremost that it was only four bucks, so I couldn’t resist getting one for her as well as myself.  She spent forty!  She decided to donate it to the library even though I thought it would still be cool for her to save it and give it to someone who’d appreciate it.  A moment of ass-kissing, talking about the exhibit.  At least, I didn’t want it to seem like ass-kissing.  I’m too afraid of her to offer that much up on the first chance I have to talk to her.    My voice was fast and deep, sounding a little rough from a cold or something.  I’m not comfortable with those first couple of meetings with a teacher who carries such a reputation.  For being tough, smart, and very cool.  I suppose I was worried I’d come across as intimidated as I am.  Yesterday’s bout with depression has spilled over into today.  I feel a weight pulling at my chest, something tethered to my tear ducts.  Feelings of loss for missing class, for the coming days, for the squandering of time I perceive to be taking place all over the map.  My body being broken, my finances not in my control, the living situation I still wait for.  Making and keeping appointments feels like a drain on my psyche, yet not having anything to do is even more terrifying.    What softens the burden is the homework and reading I have in front of me, alluring in its capacity to take me away from paralyzing ennui.  I know that when it’s all over, I’ll sink back into the blues like I did in May.  But that’s not for months in the future; I can manage until then and reevaluate how to escape it then.  Another 45 minutes until my next class.  What I’d really like is a gym on campus.  Or at least within a few miles.  I took a walk, took a pain pill, and ate a bit of veggies for lunch to try to boost my spirits.   You know, all this writing is well and good, but I need to be producing something.  Something viable in the marketplace.  Something I can point to for career potential.  What am I going to do when school is over?   ickykitty