Write-Up for my Literature Professor, Heather Hayton: I’m a little road-weary after a long day speeding down LA freeways.  But better to reflect on the day’s adventures at the Getty museum now than wait until tomorrow.  I left San Diego today around one o’clock, heading up the 405 to the museum with my friend Bryan.  He’s the pal of mine I take with me to Europe, to queer plays, to eccentric restaurants when no one else could stomach my impulses.   	Luckily for me, there was a photography exhibit going on at the Getty that drew him out of his hibernation and exciting him to come with me.  Our mutually favourite film is Woody Allen’s Manhattan, something we crack each other up by quoting at length.  The reference to Diane Arbus is a particular point of laughter for us, so when he learned that a showing of her photography was being presented, he couldn’t refuse my offer to take him up there.  Lot of nudging each other, muttering lines about steel cubes and plexiglass sculptures.  A good snickering session behind us, we meandered back to the “Illuminated Manuscript” and “The Making of a Medieval Book” exhibits.  I was a little surprised at how small the offerings were.  I remember the last time I was there when the section was blocked off to prepare for it.  I suppose I could have guessed at the dimensions of space that was reserved for the exhibit.  Still, I thought there’d be a bit more to see. 	The manuscripts were simply beautiful.  Intricate hand drawn illustrations to accompany immaculately printed gothic and humanistic script.  I was reminded immediately of the exhibit I saw recently in spring at the Royal Academy of Arts in London (incidentally, the site of this exhibit once it leaves the Getty).  I went a couple of months ago, seeing the highly praised Aztec exhibition.  In it was a selection of Spanish codices, most notably the Florentine Codex.  Realising what I was seeing blew me away.  These were the books created by the Conquistadores intending to explain to folks back home what they were seeing in the New World and the customs of the natives they encountered.  A snapshot of the times. Most things carrying such significant historical weight are a little mind-blowing to stare at.  As artefacts of the nature of knowledge and learning for past generations, I find ancient books so interesting.  The aged leather bindings are so beautiful, I couldn’t help but want to touch them through the glass.  However aware I am of the likelihood that my flesh would burn getting that close to a bible.   	    The exhibit opens with a piece of skin from a stillborn goat stretched out on a contraption reminiscent of things I’ve seen in a torture museum.  There is something oddly hostile to see a religious text printed on the skin of a miscarried animal.  Does this bother anyone?  I suppose its gold leaf flourishes obscure the fact that the books are made from vellum.   	The “Illuminated Manuscripts” room had a few pieces of interest.  To get a better sense of context, I tried to transport my mind to the time when encyclopaedic knowledge of the natural world was not yet available.  The detail of these drawings was impressive.  The delicate rendering of Jan van Kessel’s butterflies and insects did justice to the subjects’ subtle nature.  I especially liked the stag beetle image drawn up by Dürer.  The shadows and the subject’s position made it seem as if the image was living, rising up off of the page.  The realism these artists achieved was amazing to me.   I envy those with the ability to paint with such precision. The tunes of the Seatbelts carried me home while my exhausted playmate slept in the passenger seat.  All in all, the day was a stunning success.  With a fun museum-issue book to commemorate the trip, the two of us drove home under a crisp summer sky with renewed resolve to return to the Getty more than twice a year.  And of course, I was propelled by my anxious excitement to get home to once again pop in my DVD of Manhattan.  What a beautiful day!