Oh, happy days.  I could wax poetic about the way things can sometimes seem to all come together at once, but I know the feeling won’t last as long as my long-winded propensities.  I did the walk-through today at the new condo.  The place looks fabulous.  Quite appeasing to this OCD set of eyes.  Pristine, empty, white and brand spankin’ new.  Sure, there were some things that needed to be altered or finished, one being the fingerprint I accidentally put on the freshly painted fence out back.  And they hauled my fridge all the way up stairs to the /wrong/ unit and have to bring it back down and put it into my kitchen.  The washer and dryer are in their garage too.  But what a view!  And the breeze that comes through that place makes air-conditioning flat-out unnecessary.  It’s so fantastic.  The vaulted ceilings in the master bedroom above these big beautiful windows are just screaming for long, languid mornings in bed with a book and coffee.  Oh, the joy.  And since my night class that I just came home from was so unrelentingly boring, I decided to sketch out the floor plan complete with crude renderings of furniture placement, complete with all these annotated stage notes for all the major players.  Like, I still need a couch, but I have to plan ahead to quell the longing to get all the shit I do have into that place.  I’m planning to sleep on an inflatable bed the very night escrow closes and I get those sweets keys to my kingdom.  Thinking my little routines may be thrown off course and provide a potential for slippage, I have to admit there’s a touch of apprehension.  Any change is difficult.  And it involves loss, even when loss is beneficial (like, losing that constant self-monitoring that comes with living with parents).  But to augment this, I found out tonight from a classmate that the school now has a gym on campus that’s new and free to all students!  Hooray!  No having to drive all the way back to Claudialand, aka Encinitas, to get a sweat on.  And better yet, this is something I can do during those long breaks between classes that make my Wednesdays so long and tiring for me.  Like, today I went to Penny Lane and ate lunch and read a bunch.  I could have eaten at home and read while burning a few.  Got to keep meself operating at max capacity when I’m actually up and running.  Capitalise on the upswings, as I always say.  Incidentally, I was invited to go out with a couple of girls, Morgan and Kelly, from my literature track.  We’ve had a class together over summer, ending up in the same small groups for daily collaborative work.  This term, we have two more classes together.  I told them about a bar in Hillcrest one class meeting that they ended up going to and loving.  NuNu’s.  A dive that’s 100% charm.  We’re grouped together again in the Epics and Their Heroes class where I’ve taken the reigns to craft a hilarious rewriting of The Epic of Gilgamesh into a queer romantic comedy.  We’re getting on swimmingly.    So today, they asked me what I was doing this Saturday, whether I’d like to come on out with them and their other friends to NuNu’s.  Hell yeah!  Morgan rules, if nothing else it’s on account of her Varga Girl t-shirt.  I like them both, the inseparable pair who even go to the bathroom together.  It’s a crack up.  I think it’ll be fun.  Our sense of humour all seem to match up pretty well.  And maybe I can drag them out to Bourbon Street, the very BEST bar in the city, after we’re done with NuNu’s.  By the way, class with Heather Hayton today was moving.  She told us a story about herself to qualify her passion for the material we’re covering.  Really exposed her humanity talking about her life, her exposure to killing animals and how her capacity to perform such things fell away when she had her babies.  Reading this violent kind of poetry really affected her.  I sit in the back (next to the girls), but when she ended her story, she looked around and our eyes met.  I gave her my most intensely appreciative smile and a super subtle thumb-up to make sure she understood she was well received, at least by me.  I was truly moved.  Part of my intimidation of her fell away, replaced by admiration.  And not just for the fact that she read all these epics in the original old English, Latin, Old French, and then even learned Italian to read Dante in the original.  Man, what a hard on I could have for a woman that cool!