Blessed baseball....  good-ass background noise.  It’s not about quantity!  It’s about control!  I couldn’t stand my workout regimen being so compromised.  I wanted to go down to the Enc. YMCA for some elliptical sweating, but the traffic was already getting whacked-up by three o’clock.  So as I stand here making dinner and sipping on beers, I thought I’d grab the one soccer ball I have that isn’t totally flat and go out in the front and do a bit of small-area work.  Juggling could go on forever if I used my thighs.  Only if I have to, then I send it back down to my feet.  And keeping it below my knees is the real trick.  Seeing if I can top 30 that way, then 40.  a little side-rolling and quick starts to remind myself that my brain and body have spent decades working on that collaborative communication.  I impressed myself, really.  I didn’t last too long (with a lit cigarette in my hand), but I got a sweat on.  Got a chance to get purely “fun” exercise, not just the hardcore cardio stuff.  So I’ve got the laptop downstairs in the kitchen.  I made some sauce this afternoon to utilise all those fabulous tomatoes given to me by mom and those picked up at the farmers’ market a few days ago.  Seeing as though I don’t have all the spices I’d like to fill up the spicebox in the pantry, I decided to get creative.  It’s flat-out fabulous, of course.  Used some pesto from the freezer supply, some extra garlic, paste, mushrooms, hot sauce, vinegars, salt, sake.  Just got to settle on an hour to fake an appetite, and it’s done.  I’m downloading the driver for my printer.  Guess I hadn’t done that before, paired the two together.  What I want it for is to print out homework assignments and to do a couple of high-res printouts of black and white photos.  I got some things at Cost Plus, including some frames, that I was driven to return home to play with.  Actually, I left the store thinking I would go down south to the gym and to pick up some more of my many meds.  But when I left the place, I hit a skid of depression.  Turned off the 5 freeway and came back home.  Shitty.  I hit the traffic anyway, just less of it.  So I set my table.  Something about leaving a beautiful dining room table all set for company that tickles me.  I didn’t spend much.  But of course, I found some of those small project caps that gave me a dose of much appreciated gratification.  Oh, I had so much to bitch about today, but I’ve lost my fury.  A shot of codeine always helps to kill it.  At least my back doesn’t hurt.  I was able to kick a ball around to myself and not come in aching, laying flat on the floor for relief.  Is that worth it, I wonder?  I’d better just suck it up and pretend to finish off dinner.  Got some perciatelli to boil up.  Now that’s a pasta I wish I could make from scratch!  Need a machine for tubes.  Off to hunt for photos.  and root on the Cubs.