Dude, something’s wrong with my site sometimes.  The archives won’t load; sometimes the page itself is lost.  Guess it doesn’t matter to anyone but me (much like the contents themselves – oh, the irony).    Plans to go out tonight.  Trying desperately to peel myself off the carpet and pull myself together.  A mixture of ennui and paranoia.  I could go on to conclude that I’m comfortable resting back into agoraphobia now that there’s nothing really requiring me to leave the house, pushing me out the door with the threat of real trouble if I don’t.  God, I can’t believe how consistently I showed up to my classes this spring.   I’ve already run out of fun things to read over my exciting vacation time sitting at home in tears over this and that.  David Sedaris’ stories about learning French.  Lovely.  “Sam the Cat” - Matthew Klam’s decent into becoming gay, only he can’t see it.    Couldn’t help myself the other day – I leant that one to Claudia.  This time something meant for enjoyment, not with a mind for a subtext to scream out at her like so many other loaned materials.  Unless of course I’m poking fun at her love for me when she’s supposed to be “straight”.  Gosh, maybe that wasn’t too cool after all.  Fuck it.  After all that, I deserve a manipulative upper hand every once in a while.  Even if I don’t realise it at the time (I can enjoy it now!).  We both hate ourselves.  It’s all in good fun.  “See you at the bottom!” we cheer.  So I suppose there’s little else to do but get started on the reading for my four summer school classes.  Stave off the sinking feeling that I’m wasting my life just being still for a few days.  My pride got the better of me today at the gym when someone noticed what I was reading.  Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.  Ha!  No no!  I swear!  It’s for a class on Children’s Literature.  Really, I can read big-kid books too!  (Gulp)  I kept the pages wrapped around the book so no one saw me.  Which isn’t altogether easy on the elliptical when every few minutes the pain pill I’ve taken causes me to swoon a little, losing my balance.    When I bought them all at B&N, I made a point to explain myself to the cashier about the class.  Lest anyone think I’m slow.  Lest anyone suspect I have any children of my own. God forbid (and I believe that) – I almost took a baseball bat to my own head yesterday at the library when the smell of poopy pants and the shrill scream of a young one split open my head as I hurriedly searched for copies of Alice in Wonderland on video for a class presentation on comparing film versions.  Couldn’t get out of there fast enough.  Nope, none for me, thanks.  Don’t think I’m on the right road to get pregnant anywho.  God be blessed for latex being around while I was a teenager.  And in case anyone needs a reason to swear off men…  Here’s a lovely visual.  So sorry again if anyone's eating at their computers.