"Cauterized for Your Protection"  If you look outside the nightmare of personal troubles (hahaha...), I have a perty great little life.  Tonight is shaping up to be nothing less than the second coming of Christ.  I get to go see my FAVOURITE band of the last ten years tonight at Coors.  Mr. Mark is taking me, Stro, the boy who I once wanted to drown in the toilet for saying something stupid to me after a night of consequence-free sex.  Y’all remember now.  He’s tried and tried to make it up to me (I’ve only seen him once by chance at a PB bar since that crappy morning).  I think this night will overshadow his verbal blunder.  It’s RADIOHEAD, for God’s sake!!    Glad I got to my marathon of reading earlier in the week.  Doesn’t look like I’ll be doing much more today than nursing a hangover and making ground towards another one.  And hitting the Adams Avenue Street Fair to do some more used book shopping.  Luis reclaimed a bunch of his books from my shelves last night.  Well, tit for tat, I’m asking for my Thomas Pynchon collection back! (Mason-Dixon might tip the car alla Fred Flintstone)  I didn’t completely think about it the other night, but when I sent out the blog renewal notice, I added a couple of email addresses to the mix that I shouldn’t have.  No, not to the folks.  It would hurt them far too much to read this crapola.  But to Hayton and Martha Stoddard-Holmes, profs of mine who’ve made their way into my address books.  I’m using the laptop – a whole different interface of settings and such that I’m not used to.  Outlook is a pain on this puter, so I use an online access that goes directly to SIMS.  So, oops.  I can smell an anxiety attack from here.  Hopefully, I’ll be so post-coital from the concert that I won’t notice I have reason to feel ashamed for the unnatural exposure when I show my face at school tomorrow.  My stomach is already turning.  (yet, what’s the diff?  I tell all /you/ of the intimate details of my sickness.  What, like they’re going to give me a public caning for the offence of putting things to words?  Relax, jackass)  Oh my, it’s RADIOHEAD!  I can’t wait, I can’t wait.  I need to get moving here… smoke a bit to shake the hangover.  Magic cure known by professional drunks around the globe.