Ooh!  Now wasn’t /that/ fun?  I just spent the morning in a SOC meeting for our campus student organisations and then ran off to meet a young guy at Student Health Services for an evaluation before beginning therapy with them.  An hour of dishing my whole life’s history… which I’m pretty used to doing considering how many folks I’ve had to relay the information to.  But the recent history stuff is always a lot closer to the surface.  I don’t know how I feel about it, save for a little confident in myself for being able to talk about it with a composed demeanour and not feel too overwhelmed after the fact.  It’s a little after one o’clock, but it seems like it’s still early in the morning.  I was up all night after falling asleep on the couch too early to catch Kerri coming off of work.  I did too much house cleaning, got myself into a frenzy, then fell asleep once I finally ate more than a banana for the entire day.  Tuckered out.  Not today though.  Today I feel good, got things to do and more to plan for.  And the promise of seeing KerriLou tonight when she gets off of work.  Mail server slow.  Not able to see my mail.  Think I’m supposed to go babysit Trevor this weekend from tomorrow afternoon until Tuesday morning, but I don’t know what time I need to be there.  A little hesitant leaving a sick kitty at home alone for so long, but at least I can shoot back out here with or without Trevor to give him his medicine and play a while.  I think it will be good to spend some time with the boy.  I’ll get my homework done, that’s for sure.  And smoke a whole lot less seeing as though I have to hide it from him.  I cut my hair yesterday.  Looks a lot like it did back when Elizabeth had her wedding except without the black in it.  I think I like it, but I’m not quite sure what to do with all the curls.  Less weight on it.  Looks better than the ragged trims I usually get.  The girl at the haircut place talked me into it.  It looks best half wet.  Kitty’s doing better.  He greeted me at the door just now.  I think his spirits are up now that he’s feeling better, but he’s mad at me for sticking a syringe in his mouth to squirt in antibiotics.  Money well spent if he regains full health.  He’s such a fox, my Vato.  One of these days I’ll have pictures to post.   But until then, it’s just silly shit my dad sent to me:   I think I’m going to go work out.  I’ll post this later since the connection seems troubled.    Wow!  What a fancy new gym!  And what a good girl I was leaving under an hour’s time!  I’ll be back!  Oh, yes…