Oh, great audience who hast listen'd to my bleating!  Read on, I implore you!  I so should be either sleeping or doing more reading.  But I think I deserve a break from all the festivities of school to do a little blogging on the side.  And a little IM session with Bryan while I do it.  Went out to see “lost in translation” with Ms. Lou tonight.  Wonderful film with all the subtlety of a well-made foreign.  Took no short cuts, did nothing artificial to force the story in a predictable Hollywood direction.  Very nice.  And of course, sitting cosily with my girl felt fantastic.  A couple of looks from breeders in the theatre, but we ventured out on our own planet uncaring.  Legs and arms intertwined, a bit erotically at times.  I get a boner just thinking about her.  Being so close is even more intense.  And then I had to make the decision to come home to my homework and studies instead of just relenting.  Have the woman spend the night with me.  And you know, our energies seemed perfectly paired this evening.  It had explosive potential.  But then there’s something to be said about holding out.  Delicious tension of waiting.  Until tomorrow night, giving me time to finish my paper due tomorrow night and to prep for a test in the afternoon.  Still reading on with my Chaucer in Middle English.  it’s a hoot trying to speak it; I hope Heather goes into more of it with her educated tongue tomorrow.  That woman, you guys.  How she fits so perfectly into me in every way… she’s outside my normal world, my day-to-day dealings, making it a lot safer for the traumatised girl I am.  I don’t have to struggle to integrate it into the rest of my academic life.  And she’s a trusted soul I’ve known in many different ways in the years passed.  I don’t have any pretence with her, emotionally or otherwise.  I say the absolute truth, and she’s on the same page as me.  No uncovered dynamite with fuses lit under the surface.  I voice my reservations and fears, and it’s received safely.  And when I’m feeling it so entirely that I think I’m going to burst into pieces, she’s this powerhouse of strength who’s eager to take it on.  Feeling it like… like I couldn’t stand to let her go home tonight, but she helped me reaffirm the strong part of me that told her I need to study.    I love her.  I always have.  Just knew better at that young age when we first became friends that I was in no position to take on the desire full-force and do it justice.  The drugs stood in the way, along with my youth, and of course… my confidence.  I’m growing within myself.  KerriLou is my needed dose of sunshine.  Bless that woman.  Bless us both for coming together now and not before.