Only a couple of minutes before class now that all my errands have been taken care of, but I wanted to get in and hammer away at the keyboard for a bit.  Tried before my early class, but the fucking computer seized up, and I had to quickly reboot it so that Heather didn’t get pissed about a student messing with “her” computer.  Not that she’d kill me, but I’d prefer not to upset her.  You know how it is.  Somewhat ill prepared for the week considering the weekend of many social encounters that just passed.  Amy in from Barbados along with annie and Adrian from up north, then having the sweet KerriLou off from work for an extended spell.  I hardly cracked open a book.  The paper I thought I’d already written for Wednesday’s due date is forever lost on the dead C drive.  So I have to start over… and catch up on a bit of reading including a quick reread of the Iliad and part of the Aeneid, then to reading Chaucer in Middle English.  It was cute; Heather reading to us and then asking for one of us to say it back to her.  She chose me, and I choked through it.  Managed the guttural sounds, but I balked in the beginning with nerves.    I feel a bit overextended, but on the upside, the meds seems to be working their magic.  A lot less impulse to cut, less of those long hours of a turning stomach worrying about my shortcomings.  I have the energy.  Save for the constant pain that still plagues me, I seem to be doing a lot better these days.  Due in no small part to my friendly f-buddy who shares my bed here and there.  Another night spent together… it was a bit less lusty for me (I wasn’t feeling very sexy for some reason, i.e. hormones and such) and a lot more discursive.  I’m finding some of my hesitant self speaking up to test the safety of the situation.  Interpersonal dealings are loaded for me, for all of us.  Thankful I am that the two of us have a history long established behind us to make the emotional negotiating a lot easier.  Define it?  Nah… I don’t like that avenue.  It’s fun, and if we’re lucky we’ll both come away with what we need from each other.