Left alone in this giant house.  The boys are down at the guest house playing airsoft.  My Trevor and his two friends.  I’m always secretly jealous when he invites friends over when I’m babysitting.  I like to have him all to myself.  We went to lunch at Rico’s, our haunt when we’re together.  I watched him wolf down a burrito as big as my leg before he grabbed the scraps off my plate of flautas.  Growing boys need their nourishment!  Well, like the good mother figure I am, I then took him to Duck Waddles Emporium in Leucadia to do some card shopping.  Yeah, the same Ducky Waddles that sells everything Betty Page.  Probably not the best environment to take a kid with all the nudity and counterculture influences, but I could tell he was thrilled at the miniature rite of passage.  After all, he turns 13 this month.  Thinking back now that my brother lost his virginity at that age… hardly believing it.  We did a bit more shopping.  I have fun walking around with him as if he’s my adorable son.  I’m almost old enough to be his mom.  He’s so wonderful, I just love him.  He cracked up the guy at GI Joes with a quick one-liner, and I was so proud of him.    So they’re down the hill at the guest house.  This is /so/ Rancho Santa Fe.  We saw a 600,000 ferrari on its way home.  All the women in their Sunday sweatsuits to downplay all the work they’ve had done to their bodies.  Just another casual weekend day in the ranch.  There’s 150,000 dollars worth of porche and bmw in the garage right now, and they’re not even home with their third car.  The money some of these people have acquired blows me away.  Dinner tonight with the parents at Firenze.  Guess I’ll have to change out of my new cammo tank top.  And if I didn’t have school so damned early tomorrow, I’d be going out with wonderful Amy again tonight.  God, it’s good to see her again!  But since it’s going to have to be an early night, I decided to stay in and have the party come to me; I invited Miss Kerri Lou over.  Lord, I can’t wait to see her.  She sent me a passionate email today that touched me.  This is such a different side of me I’m experiencing.  So much more joy than shame and self-loathing than I’m used to.  Fucking breath of fresh air, I’ll tell you all.  It’s just fun, and that’s so what I need to be bonding with.  [btw: yes, I’m getting paid 10/hr to blog.  What am I going to do?  Grab one of their guns and hijack their game?  Actually….]