Got some time here before I have company.  Got the last American league baseball game playing in the background.  Seems to be over, but there’s still two innings to go.  I tried downloading some music tonight on Kazaa, but my connection is so slow it’s hardly worth it.  Plus I can’t transfer anything to disk from this thing, my laptop.  Still, I had to get at least half of the Pixies “Monkey Gone to Heaven” since it has been in my head for weeks.  Even partial gratification is better than none.  I picked up a couple of things for the girl while I was out today.  Even picked myself out a CD to play with.  Some of what we listened to together last night – Shelby Lynne.  Only a couple of songs I’m super into.  The one called “I thought it would be easier” is getting top-shelf priority.  Can’t wait to get copies of Kerri’s collection.  Can’t wait to have my desktop back and can burn my own again.  Sounds like this weekend is when it’s going to happen.  “This monkey's gone to heaven…”  I went nuts again cleaning the house.  Vacuumed the carpet including the stairs, windexed everything, cleaned the cat crap (all over the place! That messy boy!), lit some candles and sautéed up some shrimp in spice to satisfy the stomach.  Food sounds uninteresting – like I’m only eating because I have to.  And cleaning ‘cause I want to.  Nothing I like better than an immaculate house.  Control-central.  I’m finally sitting down.  I need to work on that… do it more often.  Go easy.  I did a workout today that made yesterday’s look like a marathon.  Legs were tight and heavy today, so I kept it to 20 minutes of cardio and only 100 sit-ups.  After what happened to my back yesterday after all that work, I’m quite aware of the risks involved with pushing myself too hard.  It’s just not worth the pain if I’m now refusing to eat anymore darvocet.  Pedro Martinez gets out of a jam.  Looked promising for the Yanks there for a second.  Only two innings to go and the Sox go to the series.    Found my old black suede jacket from way back today.  Stopped by mom’s house and meandered upstairs into my “storage” closet.  It’s Diesel… think it cost around 200 when I got it eight years ago.  Free clothes.  More reward for saving things and keeping my weight down.  Time to watch the end of the game before K gets here.