I’m feeling the mania come on.  Sure, I’m watching the Cubs play and the excitement of the final innings are contagious.  But more so is the happiness of finally being home alone for the first time since Friday.  I can’t help but feel energized.  Baseball is finally exciting again!  Got a cold.  Hacking, barking cough that sounded bad enough to put myself on antibiotics.  Glad to have some in stock in my drug drawer, the good non-penicillin type that doesn’t give me hives.  Eating pills on an empty stomach sucks.  But eating sounds horrible.  Hoping this silly sickness goes away soon.  I hate that not-exactly-hungry feeling in my stomach.  I’m dying to see the girl.  Been since what?  Wednesday?  Or was it Tuesday that I last saw her?  I can’t remember.  Just that it’s been too long.  It’s lovely to want someone.  But it’s a bit unfamiliar.  I don’t want to crowd her, yet I don’t want her to think I’m thinking of her any less than I am.  Mom saw the pictures of her that appeared in my condo since she last came by.  She asked who she is.  So I told her, “that’s Kerri, an old friend of mine I’ve known for years.”  A completely accurate statement without the details that would incite a riot.  I don’t live with her anymore; I can do what I want without having to explain, so why should I go out of my way to do so?  Somehow I feel I should give a shot out to the folks though for providing me the space to even have this relationship.  Before… well, there’s no way I could have had this going on.  I’m so blessed.  For many reasons.    I found out yesterday that there’s a literature honours society get-together going on tomorrow at the haunted hotel downtown.  Too bad I have school, or I’d be there in a heartbeat.  With K, I’d hope, but I can never gauge whether she’d be up for such things.  And they’re meeting at 7.  I have a class until 8 at the earliest.  But still… Heather H is going to be there, and I think it would be fun to see her out of a classroom setting.  Bet she’ll bring that supercool husband of hers that I’ve heard the students talk so much about.  I’d love to meet him.  If I can swing the entrance fee.  Candice forgot to pay me.  Not that her word isn’t good with me; she never spaces completely.  But man, I gave up three whole days of my life to help her out.  It’s pretty inconvenient to have to wait for a check in the mail.  I think maybe the night will end up being my own.  I might as well hit the showers and set in for the long haul by myself.  As thrilled as I’d be to have a certain someone’s company, I’m equally happy getting to let my hair down in my own private universe.  I got my new pheromones in the mail today.  I’d ordered a new scent I’d recently fallen for, Dolce and Gabbana’s Light Blue.  Two days after the Ebay auction closed, it appeared in my mailbox.  Pretty nice.  I feel like Dennis Hopper in Blue Velvet.  I can’t inhale enough of it to satisfy me.  Well, what else am I going to do now that I’ve nothing with K’s perfume on it to satiate me?