Another night of sweaty dreams, another bout with the same premise as before.  The coming of apocalypse in some way and the weird time shift to where I was set back twenty years.  Trying to change things already done, eh?  Interesting, I suppose.  Trevor’s still sleeping.  Poor thing.  The two of us up last night with nasal congestion and hacking, barking coughs until the Nyquil kicked in and left him asleep on the chair.  He went out so fast, I couldn’t revive him in time for the deep sleep to reach him.  Couldn’t get him moved into his real bed.  He has basketball in a little over an hour.  I’m going to let him sleep.  I sure knocked out hard.  Only to wake in the middle of the night with an incessantly ringing phone.  It’d ring twice, then hang up.  Then ring five times, hang up.  I figured it was one of his friends doing a prank call session, but it wasn’t.  I got up to pick up the receiver in the kitchen and found Candice on the other end of the line.  No, there was no crisis.  She just didn’t want to go to sleep without hearing that we’re ok.  Weird, but I guess I understand it.  She’d left a message for Trevor on their voice mail and he never checked it.  I dunno…. I suppose I would have just waited until the morning if I were her.  I bought him a (very) mature video game for his birthday yesterday.  Grand Theft Auto Vice City.  Watching him carjack people, then run them over with their own cars.  Beating prostitutes with a hammer.  Taking a chain saw to drug dealers to get his money back.  It’s all so horrible, but I know his mother wouldn’t buy it for him.  And now that he is 13, he’s allowed exposure to this stuff without having to sneak access to it at friends’ houses.  If he was poorly adjusted, I wouldn’t have bought it.  But it’s not like he doesn’t realize it’s just a game.  When he finally turned the game off after several hours of intense focus, he flipped the channel to The Man Show.  Now, I like the show as far as stupid wastes of time go.  But I couldn’t help but wonder…. Do you need to explain what a harness is to a young man?  Or just leave it unless he asks directly?  I don’t have any problems telling him the truth.  I’d rather he ask me and get the honest answer he wants.  But sheesh.  He’s still a kid.  Think it may be time to get some coffee started.  The sunrise in these panoramic windows is so spectacular.  I could just sit and soak in it.  And keep with my reading of the Wife of Bath.  Another borderline text for mature audiences only.  No call from KerriLou last night.  Weekends are tough.  I miss her though.  Terribly.  All the more fun it will be when she gets some time off and we can spend it together.