little miss kerri lou is fast asleep upstairs in my bed.  somehow i'm way too charged up to go in with her.  maybe it's the sleep i've had in the past days, maybe it's behause i know i have homework to do that i still expect to get to tonight.    i bought a new TV tonight at Fry's, along with some other connections i needed.  think i'll give mom the receipt and see if she can't reimburse me through the comapny.  it's itemised.  part of it was things any computer nerd would need.  then i thought... i should have got a piece of hardware/software to make my computer a TV like it was at her house.  so i suck.  i didn't think it through.  but i do have a new TV for pretty cheap, and i works just as well as my desktop.    i only wanted to come downstairs and listen to the CD i burned, but for what ever reason it's not working on my system here.  just on my laptop.  but still, i'm wired awake.  so maybe some time with comedy central will alieviate the buzz to stay awake.  i have an extra hour tonight.    and i already did my best to give my all to the girl to make sure her night asleep was as good as can be.  we had  a cigarette afterwards, and then i took her hands and feet into my possession and massaged shea butter into them.  she nearly fell asleep at my hand, but at least i know it was well-received.    i love her.  i told her again tonight, but i can only hope that the timing juxtaposition made a proper impact on her.  she's so wonderful, you guys.  she asks me shyly as we're smoking together if she looks wrecked.  with the most beautiful eyes i've ever seen on this woman.  what can i say?  i want to pick her up and carry her away to a place where having work the next day doesn't exist.  i want to put a down payment on the space between her thighs and move in for good.  i want nothing more than to take care of her.  a position i know she expects no one but herself to fill.    but i can.  i've learned how, and i love it; so long as it's appreciated, not mired with shame.  i feel none of that with her.  we're on our own planet, me and her.  no ties to breederdome that ruins the beauty.  i  care not a cent about reciprocity.  all i want is to create a space where i feel her enjoying me.  that's all.  god bless that space.  time to tune out.  and eventually get sleepy enough to join her in bed before she has to wake up for work ( in 3 hours!!)  Death Cab for Cutie.  that's my newest acquisition.  love it.  so does she.  go figure.  fucking cat is treating the stairwell like the Indy 500.  hope she can stand my house to sleep in.  i know the bed is comfy, but this f-ing cat...