Another night session with my best friend, me.  The game is over and with it the series.  Got a fresh pack of cigs and my laptop still perking away at low battery.  The phone with me in case the girl calls me, but there’s a question to whether that will happen this evening with her work session interfering.  She texted me, but I don’t know what the situation really is.    So I left Mr. Kitty at home to play with himself and the toys I threw out for him.  Glad that Paula and Pete approve of his stellar coolness.  They came on over this afternoon to see the place and go to lunch to the new place down the road, Grappa in San Marcos.  I think the San Marcos dining scene has finally been redeemed.  We’ll see how crowded that place ends up being.  God knows I’m singing its praises after just the first time visiting.  Prices are quite reasonable, the fare quite interesting if not middle of the road in terms of adventure.  But it’s good.  And it’s close enough that I could walk there with no problem.    It was good to see them.  I just think the world of those two.  I’d love to travel the world with them.  They’re talking about another trip to Zimbabwe.  I’d love to go with, but there’s no way I could get away at this point.  the cat could get along fine without me so long as I get someone to come by to love him each day.  Hm.  Plans in the back of my mind for when I’m in a financial capacity to follow through with those kinds of dreams.  I wrote to Leslie today in response to her questions about what’s new and what ever turned out from my last (Natalie) therapy thwarting.  So I spilled the latest, about Kerri, about school and the new place.  And telling her too about the cast-off I got from the school’s psychological services.  I’m doing well, so I communicated as much to her.  Glad I don’t have any crises to relate these days.  The worst I can point to is my failure (so far) to earn another series of straight-As.    And I also wrote to Matt, my good new friend from my literature classes.  He had some advice questions about his pursuits in the world of personal-ad dating.  So I dished my advice, added to my own exposition of the me-and-Kerri confusions.  It’s nice and appropriate to give back a little tit-for-tat personal information to the tales I hear from him.  I like that boy.  When I met him, I always thought to myself, “What a nice guy.  I bet he’s married.  A girl would be crazy not to take him on.”  Yet things aren’t that easy for him, too bad.  We’re workout buddies now, or so it seems without enough repeat episodes to call it a regular thing.  I appreciate that he asks my advice without even knowing my own history with “dating.”  I can’t even call it dating when I’ve done what I’ve done in relationships.    I won another auction from someone in France on Ebay today.  A movie poster from “La Pianiste” that I love tremendously.  I bought the film on recommendation before I’d even seen it, bought it on DVD from someone in Hong Kong before it came out in a region 1 area.  So it cost a bit, but that’s only because it’s being shipped from the continent.  I got that one along with two others; “Amelie” (but a cool, B-version of the poster with her face over her café), and I also got a vintage print of Woody’s “Manhattan.”  All were reasonable in price.    What’s going to get me is the cost in framing them.  Not that I’d go to Aaron Bros. or anything.  But even for something cheap, it’s going to cost twice as much as the articles themselves.  All the better for the house’s decorating.  I’ve got more blank white wall than God.  Or better yet, than my parents’ places in Encinitas and Julian.  They don’t get the art factor.  And too, it costs a lot to get stuff up there.  Luckily for me, I worship films, and those are cheaper to erect shrines to than are famous artists.  Or even marginally successful artists.  Pete and Paula got me new cutting boards for a housewarming.  Cool!  The ones I have are either plastic or falling apart.  Having two new wood ones helps in a big way.  If only I was cooking more…  there’s so many things I want to do with this kitchen.    I spoke last night with Luis and Ms. Robin Truelove.  We decided we want to do something for Thanksgiving at my place this year.  And yes, I have the means to have it an all-inclusive vacation.  That extra bedroom to let them crash over at my place and not have to drive home.  It goes a long way when you cook and eat and drink like we do; it’s an all night affair.  So I’ll do again my signature appetiser of scallops seared with crème fraiche and scallions and caviar.  Maybe this year I’ll get another bottle of Veueve Clicquot.  Maybe even a better bottle than the yellow label.  When Bryan gets back into town, I know he’ll agree to join forces with our celebration.  Too bad for him he’ll actually have to drive more than a mile to engage in social activity.  But he loves to cook, for people even more.  I’ll let him do the meat and the dessert.  I’ll do an appetiser and some wine and a mache salad.  My usual.  Don’t tell me I’m slipping into Chris Kueffner complacency.  I’m not cooking enough to have a new arsenal of recipes.    The laptop’s battery is threatening to die now, so I’d better cut this off.  This is usually my venue to write when I know I won’t be posting it to the blog.  But tonight’s… I think I might upload it after all.  And if Fry’s is still open, I have some cable connections I ought to pay for and get set up at the joint.  A new co-ax and a new super long phone cable for the laptop/ second desk set-up computer.  The old monitor hooks up to the laptop, so will the keyboard once I get a new cordless from Chris.  And I have a cool cordless mouse for it already.  It’ll just be a good secondary site.  Always nice to have options.  Or at least have it look fully functional.  It’s all about appearances.