Coming in a bit late tonight.  I thought for sure I’d be in for several hours of patio blogging, but it seems the bar here at Penny Lane.  I just got here, and yes it’s after 11.  but I’ve been a good girl so far tonight.  I thought I’d have plenty of time to hammer away, but it seems this town, along with me, shut down around midnight.  I think I would have too, but there was a call in to Kerri that kept me up past my exhaustion point.  I passed it a couple of times today.  The site where a colleague of mine killed himself on a stop light this weekend.  And unlike the one by kerri’s house, this one is adorned with nothing more than a “police – no entry” tape.  Is it somehow less tragic when it’s a cocllege kid that bites the dust?  I know the scene disturbed me, made me think twice about going out at night.  Not for my own impairment as much as that of the folks that now live near me.  But still… a boy died here.  Does anyone care?  I do.  Should I create a shrine on my own?  The girl called me this evening as she was coming home.  Plans to play on Thursday night… well past my midterm deadline.  That’s tomorrow’s project; to study and reread everything from our class so far.  I’m afraid of this class… I know I won’t make the A cut-off I’ve established as a requirement for myself in the past few semesters.  Hayton is too demanding.  And w/o graduate school in the forecast, who gives a shit as long as I pass the class?  But the real question is this: is my relationship, whatever that means/ can be defined to be, interfering negatively with my studies?  I know, I don’t see her during the week.  But I’m thinking about her.  That alone is more energy gone than I’m used to.  It’s good energy… but the grades I’ve pulled off are largely characterised with a lack of other directions to throw my energy.  I’ve no experience in the integration.  You all remember me at SDSU.  Kicked out…. Because the Claudia thing was so intense, I freaked out and left town for my finals.    I had no investment then.  I sure do now.  I’m almost done.  And although I realise I have more crazily drawn expectations than most, I do see a slippage happening… or poising to happen.  I don’t want that.  It’d be one thing if I thought the two of us could be together forever.  What is “forever?”  just a straight-world construct that expects families with children to endure the hardships of falling out of love for the sake of their children.  This is definitely not that.  But I’d like to think this is something that’s going to last; at least for longer than the relationships I’ve had in the past.    There’s no goal here.  No expectation of where it’s supposed to evolve towards.  Or to change at all.  It just is, and it’s perfect in its own right.  I’m allowed a respite from my hang-ups.  I’m allowed a safe place to love a very worthy recipient.  And I’m allowed some pretty passionate love in return.  Where else could I get this?  More than that, how often can any of you say that you’ve someone in your life who cares that much about you?  She does.  I know it.  Maybe not like a life-commitment partner, but that would be out of step with me if it were true.  What do I know that happens beyond a semester’s worth of time?  The boys in the bar want to know what I’m writing…. As usual.  Anyone still at a bar this late on a Monday night is probably beyond converting.  The word “blog” meant nothing to them.  A bit tempted to have them look me up, but I think I’ve learned to know better.  My email address is linked up to it.  The mu-zak was just playing the into to a Pink Floyd song from the “Wish You Were Here” album, but the bartender cut it off.  Too bad, ‘cause now I’m wishing I still owned the thing.  Now it’s our local hero, oh shoot… what’s his name?  From the Eagles.  He lives here.  Not Glenn… I can’t remember anyone else. Henley?  Yeah…  Ok, well… I could ask his name to be sure, but I think the inquiry would open me up to too much Q and A.  Might be time to cruise home.  I feel like I need this night to get all out-of my-head with drinking since I have limits on it now with my time with Kerri.  Meaning, I want passionately to reign in the impulse control for the nights I’m with her.  And shoot, it’s no problem when I know I’m going to see her.  The promise of her company is way more weighted than the want for distraction.    I think she’s about the only one I can think of that I’d go out of my way to be present for.  I mean, I love you all.  But she’s like… I couldn’t bear it if I was less that 100% with her when she’s with me.  She has such a potency on her own that I couldn’t manage a substitute without lamenting the gap.  This woman is as much if not more intense than I am.  And yo, that’s saying something, yes?