This may be the last time I have to blog standing up.  I’m plenty tired of life without my desktop, but Chris is bringing over the new and improved system to me tonight.  I can’t wait to get set up.  There’s something about my little space before a window with my real computer.  Watching football, trying to upload some more images to Shutterfly to order prints.  Some promotion to get 15 free 4x6s.  these walls are naked.  I need to decorate.  Actually, I need to just relax on the house thing.  It’s too distracting always feeling compelled to clean more, to tinker with things.  It’s good enough, and I have homework to do.  Had a good night hanging out with Kegler last night.  Went to dinner, then to Fry’s for a CD and he a movie.  We came back here and listened to the new Outkast that I’d been waiting patiently to acquire.  Pretty good for that kind of thing, I’d say.  More to listen to in the gym while working out.  I’d be at the gym now, but I don’t feel like leaving the house.  Been craving a calm day alone at home for weeks now, and I think today will be the day that happens.  Doing my situps and pushups before the telly, trying to get my arms and abs to peak condition.  I see that damned picture of me at 21 when I was still running, before I hurt my back.  It’s destined to be that one picture I keep for when I’m older and I’m feeling the need to justify my athletic past with evidence.  Won’t ever be looking that good in my lifetime, I fear.  Another young man died yesterday.  Another head-on traffic accident with drugs and alcohol taking the life of a teenager.  He drove into a traffic light post.  Ran a red light and just smashed right into it.  Right in the middle of the day, broad daylight.  I saw it right after it happened.  Fire trucks and ambulances, cops roping off the scene.  The whole cab of the pickup was wrapped around the pole.  Instant death.  18 year-old boy.  No skid marks.  Just hit it.  A witness told me he had pills in his pocket.  E?  how else could you be that out of it?  Tragic.  If I’d left the house five minutes earlier, I might have been involved.  Or even been there to watch it happen.  Horrible shit, this irresponsible testosterone-fuelled behaviour.  Yesterday I was sad, but right now I’m feeling more angry about it.  I think it may be best to get off of this thing and get to my reading so I don’t feel so behind during the week.  Big exam day with Hayton on Wednesday that I don’t know how I’m going to manage.  Best get to it.  It’s my own fault if I don’t get a good grade.