The phone rang this morning three times.  I thought maybe there might be an emergency since all my memory told me there was nothing my 13+ hours of sleep was interfering with.  So I finally rolled out of bed, groggy and slow, to reach for my mobile that was sitting by the front door downstairs.  It was Gustavo calling to see if I was on campus and could make another SOC meeting.  Our LGBT president forgot to remind anyone, so Gustavo is driving up here to attend.  Me?  I just want to keep sleeping.  Restless all night dreaming of dark, supernatural forces infecting the people, coming in through open windows to take souls to hell.  Lots of gothic churches and candelabras.  Frustration dreams where you can’t move quickly enough, watching my intentions fail in the face of powers too strong for me to overcome.  So I’m still pretty tired this morning. It’s hard work battling dark angels.  I remember thinking in my dream, “why am I worried about a test in the Aeneid and Iliad?  I’m /living/ the battles right now!”  There’s little for me to do today but sleep.  And hope I get some more pictures in the mail I’d ordered online.  “Decorating” with movie posters.  I encapsulate it in quotes because it’s not too far from a high school student’s way of covering the blank walls of a bedroom.  But I’ll worry about impressing people with my shrewd eye for art when I can better afford it.  For now, I’ll let my identity tie-in to films showcase itself.  I wish I owned “deconstructing harry” instead of just having the giant red poster in my hallway.  I see that Bryan just dodged me on IM.  Saw his name when I logged on, then immediately his status went from online to busy, something you have to manually change it to.  It’s not like “away” when you haven’t typed in five minutes.  And now he’s offline.  I didn’t even say hi.  I don’t bug him that much, do i?  Well, at least I can rest assured that it’s already coming up on 11am.  That means only a handful of daylight hours to go before no one would question my decision to go back to sleep.   And there are always rearranging projects around the house to busy myself with.  Just have to get out of these long black silk pajamas and tie my hair back and go to it.  Go to something.  I wish this depression thing were as simple as saying it’s from missing Kerri.  But it really has little to do with her.  If only it was that easy…