dang it has been 3 days since my last post ...... my bads, i'm all MIA and stuff. let's see everything that happened to me darth and nick edney were at but oh well i'll just tell anyways.   on july 4th i saw fireworks, it was alright. i had nothing else to do anyways.  july 5th went to work, i was busy so time went by fast and july 6th went to a wedding which .......... let's just say wasn't too great. the wedding itself was really nice but my aunts' behavior was a different story (big sigh) pigern i'm looking in your direction. all in all some pretty crappy days for me.   why am i so lazy that all i desire to do is stay at home on my computer or read. i hardly like to go out and i've been told i can be extremely grumpy on the phone ... nick and darth i'm looking in your direction. eh oh well. ha ha i like how you think no one is happy in this blog page pigern.   but seriously what is there to be happy about .... remember life goes like this .... you work for awhile, maybe meet someone, get married, have kids, work some more, retire and then die. now tell me at what point is there stuff to be happy about. i'm not being cynical here i'm just telling the truth. some people find these points in life enjoyable and to them and i say more power to you but others ..... like myself, eh i don't really seem to care.   you would think i would enjoy life after going to a wedding but nope, just made me see how sad it really is. i mean two people are promising to love each other forever and ever but remember there are no guarantees in life. you just have to do the best that you can at whatever you do (actually advice from my dad ......... shocker huh). blah blah blah and then you die. ha ha i rather just skip to the dying part. sorry if this sounds so bleak, maybe i will be happier later on ...... no wait i doubt that seriously.   okay but i seriously can't end this on a downer so ummmmmmm I LOVE THE CURE ALWAYS AND FOREVER ....... miss talking to you pigern :( but i know you are having tons of fun :) and nick edney, darth bronger and juwanna you guys are cool ....... i guess, ha ha no seriously you guys are cool.  song of the day: at this bleak point ..... ANYTHING BY THE CURE