well i guess it's time for a post.  :)  yes I was out of town.  i've been checking in randomly to read, but I've been too lazy/busy or nothing to talk about to post.  the red head was in town last week.  we went to NY and saw most of the tourist stuff.  empire, ground zero, liberty/ellis island, mad sq garden, rockefeller, timesquare....all in one day.  we took the cheapo chinatown bus for 10 dollars round trip--very good deal.  and then we had dinner in brooklyn.  the bus was suposed to leave at 11pm for philly....we got to smelly old chinatown(the part of town where they have the fish markets) around 1045....11 comes around and no bus driver...there was a bus...just no driver.  the redhead called the place and they said there was no bus going to philly at 11.......so as the redhead got more and more red in the face, my friend's dad picked us up(she's from queens) and took us to the greyhound station...BUT the next bus was leaving at 230(it was 12am) meaning we would get home at 430.  SOOOOO we ended up crashing at my friends place in Queens.  The redhead was not happy at all.  So that sucked, but everything else about the week was great.  I did slack off for the rest of the week and I spent this weekend catching up.  let's see...i don't know anything about the greek wedding, but i was interested in watching it---but speaking of Joe Fatone---he's in RENT on broadway now playing Mark.  I didn't think he'd have the voice for it...but I listened to an old Nsync song and he has the right vocal range i suppose.  It would be interesting to see his performance....but I think the next time I'll be in NY is to see "into the woods."  I don't know anyone who would wanna go to NY w/ me to see it.  My co-worker has seen it 5 times(one more than me) so mayyybe...but I doubt it.    three questions: dang these are hard to think of maaaan---no thinking!!! 1. dancing for janet of course, a hospital as a dr. duh, and a housewife with no kids so i can be lazy alll day :)_ 2. RENT soundtrack, DMB *crash* or *under the table and dreaming*, john mayer *room for squares* 3. in the philippines at this church my parents were married, in hawaii overlooking the ocean, ahhh i can't think of a 3rd one...i'm trying to think of a place that i think is totally beautiful, like a building that's really pretty--but i can't think of any :-\  ok....so i'm guessing you guys are on ur camping trip now....hope it went well, where'd u guys go?  SEASON PREMIERE of FRIENDS! this week yay! AND AND, they put scrubs on Thursdays!  see how little a life I have here in Philly hehe.  I have to tape it tho cuz I'm volunteering at the Chinatown clinic from 6-8 but it usually runs until 9.  Well that's all the rambling I have for now.  So, New Wave...I'm back in town! :)