hello everyone. like new wave, i would recommend the film 'far from heaven.'  both julianne moore and dennis quaid gave brilliant performances that may be oscar worthy. i think one of the central themes of the film is repression. and whether you should go after what you really want or follow what is expected of you. it seems like the answer would be obvious with the typical 'follow your dreams' spiel we always hear but then this film explores the degree in which societal expectations and restraints make such pursuits seem foolish considering the negative consequences. also, the film was visually stunning, which followed the theme of superficial perfection. so hedwig, did you see harry potter yet? if so, how was it? i'm eager to see it but am waiting out the long lines. i've been hearing good things so far from critics. on another rant, it took me an hour and forty minutes to get home on friday. an hour and forty minutes people. i live sixteen miles away from my office. okay, there was a game at the staples center that night and a three car accident that closed off one lane on the ten... but still... going four mph was not fun. nick, how do you get home? or will you give the secrets of your commute to your dual rival? grr... (lol) new wave, i was thinking about what you were saying re: your coworkers saying they "knew" it was the person... blah blah... and perhaps people say these things to reassure themselves and convince others that they made the right decision. i mean people can't go around saying, "yeah, i love the girl but i'm not really sure you know? but i figured i was getting old and i'm tired of dating..." they have to say to people, "this is my one and only true love" so people can swoon and think "ooh, how sweet." as for people i don't like at work, the other guy who was hired to the same position as me is super annoying. and he has to sit next to me. and he is in the same team as me. i think i would be much happier at work if i could avoid him at all costs... or if someone else was hired. he makes me think, "gee, what did the boss see in him?" and "was it slim pickings?" isn't that awful? and there's no real concrete reason for my strong distaste. i just find him extremely irritable. he makes work less enjoyable. as for music, i am currently listening to the pixies. brilliant, subversive rock. so subversive that i think my coworkers who hear it on my stereo think i'm weird. hah hah. especially the line when frank black yells, "AND THE DEVIL IS SIX... THEN GOD IS SEVEN!" RAWK!