i should be asleep now, sheesh i'm like 40 now. i'm so sick of traffic, i hate it ever so much. no one in the house is really talking. i guess everyone left. oh well.   so just random thoughts going on in my head:   - i was talking to some co-workers and they were telling me about how they met their husbands/wives and how they just "KNEW" that was the person they were going to spend the rest of their lives with .... so i'm thinking how can you "KNOW" ... i mean honestly i think that is such a dumb thing to say, nothing in life is for sure, there are no guarantees in life EVER ... i think the only one for sure thing is that people will die ....  i mean i'm not saying it is not possible to meet that one person i just don't like it when people use the pharse they "KNEW/KNOW" because no one really knows anything   - i noticed a majority of the people in this house are single and i wondered why that was ... it's not like we are all ugly people. i've seen all of you and i think we are alright looking ... i know for me a relationship makes my stomach curl up in a ball because i use to be in a four year relationship (kinda of marriage) so i know what that was like and i so want to stay away from that for awhile and as for the dating thing .... there are WAY too many losers out there. ha ha i think i already brought this subject up huh.  - i hate how people at work drag all their personal problems to work, hey was there a sign in the front of the office that read "WE GIVE A DAMN" because last time i checked there wasn't ... i don't care about your sorry ass sob stories about your family and paying the bills and the kids and blah blah blah. just shut the hell up .... seriously  - i REALLY REALLY don't like the MIS people at my work place  - no doubt is so overexposed right now ... they are reissuing the rock steady cd, they were on dawson's creek the other night, they are doing breakfast with kroq and like 5 or 6 shows in la ... man i'm tired of them already  - i truly love THE CURE. i'm not sure if i mention this enough, they are so ..... i don't even think words can explain how awesome and great they truly are. i'm sorry for bringing this up to people who hear me talk about all the time but i mean seriously they are so good. (sigh ... brushing tears away)   music to my ears:  plainsong - the cure