just to let some of you guys know -   Blogger  is just where you write your message/blogs (make sure you press post & publish for it to publish) and that   742 Evergreen Terrace   is where you can view your message/blog. in case there was any confusion.   thought of the day (not random): why can't i have a nice stroll around my neighborhood without seeing anyone i might remotely know ....... but nope it is almost impossible. i saw two former classmates today and groaned silently to myself. of course i didn't say hi but looked at the ground because we all know how far more interesting the ground is. however if i was to look up and  maybe  made eye contact with this individual i'm sure the conversation would go something like this:  former moron aka classmate: "oh (insert your name here) then pick either: a. "i didn't recognize you" (this could be due to the fact that you are enormously huge because you never lost the weight you gained in college and work is just adding to it and they can't see you under all those layer of fat OR that you got super good looking/hot and now talking to you seems worth it) b. "its been such a long time"   me: "yea"   former moron: "so what have you been up to?" (like they give a sh**, why do they insist on asking this)  me: "working" (a year ago this would have been graduating from school, dang how fast time flies ..... sheesh)  former moron: "where at? (yet again like they give a sh**, they are just waiting till you get to asking them what they are up so they can rant for about 5 to 10 mins about their boring ass sh** life)  the point is i don't think it is wrong to completely ignore someone you haven't seen in 4 or 5 years. i mean you didn't care about what was going on in their lives then and you sure as heck don't care now. i'm not being mean, i know others feel the same. dorkus melorkus i'm looking your way ....... we've both expressed the same dislike for eating or hanging out at places near our area ........ and it is understanable.  song of the day: bulletproof - radiohead  everyone go and get Amelia and Kids In the Hall: Brain Candy DVD tomorrow .......... ha ha.