ok so yeah, i promised new wave that i would blog, finally, even tho i dont really have much to say. so ive read the last several blogs, and u guys have some interesting things going on, i should check it out more often, but im too lazy to type in my long-ass log-in name, although it is worth it, who doesnt like being called a slut anyway? ok, so, yeah i forgot to change my address for registration to vote, oh well.  although that will not hold me back from complaining about the gov't (a retarded one, i might add)  i mean, whats the difference, our good ol' two-party system allows us no options anyway.  the only thing i wanted was the valley to get away from LA (damn i hate LA), and that didnt happen.  and whats up with the republican control??? why is the general population still too wrapped up in the supposed post 9-11 shite and so hyped up about war?  good lord, can we start to make some changes at home before we try to taint the world with our materialistic, egotistical, dont give a f*ck about anyone but ourselves thought processes? ok im over it.  *sigh* what a beautiful world we live in.  i am afraid that theres much to be afraid of  oh yeah, props to the peeps who yelled "go dodgers", sounds like something i would do, u know, just to be in opposition, kinda like when the laker hype comes around. hmmmmmmm, i think i would like to be friends with rappers, cos they like to spend money, and i would make them pay for my med school apps. hehe, they have enough to go around.  and then i could be part of their posse, and roll with like 20 peeps, and dress all ghetto.  oh yeah, and talk ghetto, cos i LOVE doin dat. but seriously, i think shirley would be a totally cool person, but she would probably get annoyed by me.  i guess it would have to be someone i dont follow too much.  i think vanessa marcil would be cool to know (btw, shes back on gh, hehe) but then i would just stare, so i dont know. so yeah, hedwig pretty much summed up our feelings on the med school app process.  also, its so fake.  just some remnants of the old (white) boys' club. but dont worry, we will get there! ok cant think of anything more to say. and no, im not getting the nirvana cd, isnt it just a bunch of old stuff anyway?  im not getting u2 for that matter.  i wonder if the next foxy will be good?  ive been hella ghetto lately, oh well, u cant take the hood out the homeboy. damn im so out of the music loop, how sad oh yeah, i went to hollywood for halloween. we went to the party at the roosevelt hotel.  it sucked ass!  they oversold tickets and almost didnt get in.  after waiting an hour, we finally got in, teh drinks sucked, the music was alright, but not worth the 30 bucks we spent.  would have been better off drinkin at home.  (its all about the kick-backs, ftc!)  so yeah, i dont doubt that the bronger west hollywood incident occured, after all ftc and i have heard some crazy stories (haha, sorry dude, cant stop the taunting just cos we dont live together anymore) so thats it, a novel later.  does that make up for time lost new wave?  song-o-d-moment:    kylie minogue - come into my world (fischerspooner remix)  ,  someone called as i was listening to the song and thought i was watching porn cos the end has these noises that sound like a woman making sex noises.  funny stuff. hasta la próxima...