ok ok i'll blog.  i tried blogging the other day, but the page was all retarded. sorry also that i'm too lazy to think up top 10 anythings...i'm on vay-K...no thinking can be done in this period of time.  so i went to oh sushi to some events company shindig...it was fun...music was good, drank before we came so i was having a good time.  saw some UCR peeps there...katipunan/909 flips--eh.  OHHHH slut, darth and new wave...Vic was there and he said hi.  I forget where he's living right now, but he's looking for a job...job market sucks right now.  He asked who I kept in touch w/ from "the hall" E2E!!! and I said you guys.  weird he keeps in touch w/ Dana...do u guys remember her?  it took me a good 10 min of him describing her until I remembered her.   so that wasn't the point in me mentioning i went to sushi oh....it was fun....until the fight...and i guess even the fight was cool....until they kicked everybody out.  the fight started off w/ the chicks...and then all of the guys started fighting...3 vs 1 it looked like...here was the progression of the fight....punches thrown....glass thrown...table turned over....some guy picks up a chair...holds it over his head and is waiting for the other 2 guys to stop beating the crap out of the one guy on the floor.....just when he's about to hit...a cop comes flying across the room and grabs the chair...then 5 other cops show up...friggin crazy.  DJ Icy Ice was like...."man y does it always have to be the dressed up ppl?  those banana republic wearin people always gotta mess stuff up" and he was kinda rowdying up the crowd...so everyone was yellin at the guys who were fighting b/c they killed the party...then the cops start getting all pissed off and kicked us out.  But wait! theres more!  It was the red head's friends bday....she was really drunk...and we were all waiting outside...and she decides to throw up on herself, shoes and all.  So the red head carries her to ralphs so she could walk around.....good times.  good times.  We actually talked to one of the guys that got caught up in it.  it wasn't really that he knew the ppl involved...he just got punched and started hitting back--lucky guy, the cops let him go.  he had a tat of "japanese pride"--gay hehe.  alright wooh what a rant---satisfied new wave?  :P   p.s. i agree that the music out there sux.  COS was better than the 1st...and i can't wait to see 2 towers.  :D  Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night! listening to: the gentle humming of my computer...and the soft pitter patter of the keys as i type.