DUE TO THE HOLIDAYS EVERYONE IN THE HOUSE DECIDED TO DROP OFF THE FACE OF THE FRICKING PLANET AND DISAPPEAR .... THANKS GUYS :) AND I HOPE TO BE SEEING YOU SOON   top 10 best albums of 2002 (in no order)  *mum - finally we are no one (awesome live) *doves - the last broadcast (okay live) *pet shop boys - release (great live, not their best album but strong nonetheless) *sigur ros - () (brilliant live, not as strong as their last album) *wilco - yankee hotel foxtrot (a good cd considering their whole sob story) *aaliyah - i care for you (not the best but it does seeming fitting since her death :o( *nirvana - nirvana (def. not the best of their songs but "you know you're right" is great) *sleater kinney - one beat (good album but their older ones are better) *tori amos - scarlet's walk (good album but still love little earthquakes WAY more) *interpol - turn on the bright lights (the closest thing to joy division for me)  and that's all i could come up with and i was really pushing  it...man music is so bad right now  top 10 worst albums of 2002 - there were just too many. basically most of the music out there is crap and even after awhile the indie stuff starts sounding like crap. i think this year i found better music by going back in time to the 70's and 80's when music had a purpose ... to sound good.   top 10 best movies of 2002 (in no order)  *lord of the rings - the two towers (haven't seen it yet but i know i will like it) *punchdrunk love (found it entertaining in a disturbing way) *far from heaven (depressingly good) *red dragon (so much better than hannibal .... so so so much better) *minority report (just entertaining but the ending is so cheese ball happy - blech)  *about a boy (charming all the way through but the book is much better) *harry potter 2 - the chamber of secrets (much better than the first) *bowling for columbine (informative and funny) *panic room (entertaining and jodie foster kicks butt) *i have no idea what else was good .... i had to really think for 2002 ... i would put about schmidt or adaptation on here but i have to see them first  top 10 worst movies of 2002 - yet again TOO MANY to name. how do they greenlight some of the garbage out there ....... blech   see i was bored and i did all four, ha ha man i'm lame   movie to my eyes:   two weeks notice - it was good