hi everyone. i had every intention to blog for the past few days and i had quite a number of thoughts on what to blog but each time i returned home, i ate dinner and then watched an hour of telly and then went to sleep. sometimes no telly but just sleep. it's really pathetic what my life has become. so very unstimulating. and one of my coworkers keeps asking me, "so how do you like the job so far?" to which i have no idea what to say. the job is a job. i try to fake enthusiasm but it takes so much effort. what are you suppose to say? anyway, mac that is a funny story to which a similar incident happened to me. at my old job i was locked in the bathroom because the door handle was broken. and my coworkers were wondering why i was away for so long but thought it was weird to knock on the door and ask. so thirty minutes pass and i get desperate so i climb out the window... rather jumped out. and then explained to them that the bathroom door was locked from the inside. it's horrid to be locked in a confined space for so long. so mac, i take it your house bathroom does not have a window? i felt very 007 jumping out btw. hah hah. so at lunch today my coworkers were all talking about christmas gifts and what to get their girlfriends, etc. and i gave my suggestions (books, music) but they seemed appalled or shocked because these gift ideas were so "inexpensive" and "cheap." not exactly their words but their impressions from what i gather. so it just made me feel like if you got them something you know he/she would like, then why does it matter how much it costs? why should you feel obligated to get someone a louis vuitton purse because it is several hundred dollars to impress them? anyway, they said i would be an inexpensive girlfriend to shop for, which i'm not sure was a compliment. hm... hedwig, heard it is quite chilly in philly. hope you are keeping warm! the news says flights are delayed because of the amount of snow. final note, today was strom thurmond's birthday. he is 100 years old. and he is still south carolina's senator. and he was originally elected into the senate in 1933. can you believe it! and he has all of his abilities intact after so many years. well, you know, pretty much considering his age. makes you think about what he does to keep himself so fit! what i'm currently listening to: portishead's dummy and live at nyc. both brilliant! and on constant repeat to annoy and/or depress my work neighbour. hah hah.