okay, the interracial dating topic is probably going to spark a good conversation / debate since i think some of us here have dated people outside of our own race.  new wave, i went to that guy's blog page as you had suggested. he pissed me off, so i replied:   You sound a tad (understatement?) bit bitter about this whole Asian Girl Dating White Boy thing. Seriously, chill out. Yes, some white men like to date Asian women that fit the traditional subservient, submissive wife stereotype. Yes, some Asian women will gladly fulfill this role and look for white men who will dominate. But is this always the case? No. Please don't generalize. Have some faith that for some interracial couples, race really does not matter. It's not always a "fetish" like you think!  You want some pointers? I'll give them to you anyway! 1. Please don't play the race card. It is not always the case.  2. Re-read some of your posts. You sound like a pompous jackass. "...It was an announcement about empowering Asian American women or some bullshit like that." Oh, I'm sorry, maybe I didn't get the memo. I didn't know empowering Asian Women was not allowed!!!  3. Drop the whole "I go to Stanford hardy har har" schtick. Just because you have a good education and have a upper middle class upbringing does not give you an advantage over black guys or any guy in the whole love department.  4. Please don't use the phrase "find me a wife." Phrases like this make Asian women (or any woman for that matter!) feel like we are objects or prizes to be won. Come on, who really says stuff like that anymore? Perhaps only men who are looking for the traditional wife of the 1950's...It's so archaic! 5. Get over it.. Like you said: "If you like someone, race shouldn't matter." End of story.    I don't care so much about the topic (heck I only date non-Asians, but don't tell this guy!), it's more like I wanted to say something to this guy because he is seriously one of those people who thinks they are alway right because they are super smart and rich or whatever.