hey girlfriends  ha ha i think only darth and dorkus will get that one ...  vegas was cool ... i got my faith back in the 5 cent slot/slut machines. hey nick you are going to love this, i put 2 bucks in this one machine and won over 30 bucks. nice huh. so that covered some of my meals for the trip.  ripped this off another website but i thought it was funny:  "You know the world's gone mad when the best rapper is a white guy, the best golfer is a black guy, the tallest guy in the NBA is Chinese, the Swiss hold the America's Cup, France is accusing the USA of arrogance and the Germans don't want to go to war!" - Anonymous  i just finished watching the becoming american: the chinese expericence on kcet (i taped it). it is really good and i'm considering buying the dvd. it was funny because the last segment was all about asian americans today making it ... like ABCs (american born chinese) like myself, and i could totally relate to what they were talking about. eh moving on ...  okay hedwig you can join dorkus in the i love justin timberlake song fan club ... ha ha. have fun guys.  i was reading some person's blog page and came across this one entry called "asian fetish" and it got me all thinking because he was some asian nerd guy who got pissed because he noticed asian girls, esp. HOT asian girls are always with white guys and that really irked me because seriously he seemed as if to say asian women perfer the white race over their own or some stupid sh** like that. honestly sometimes i think asian women turn to other races because of the insanely stupid expectations asian males might have for asian women .... like the size 1 or 2 waist and size AA or A bra and the submissiveness because gosh forbid us women have thoughts or opinions, oh and of course asian women should always be made up to look nice and make sure the male never loses face in front of his family or friends and don't disrespect the males in public. i know some of these are outdated but honestly and sadly i think some of them are happening today with a few expections ... okay i'm getting mad ... i'm out.   on the beat box:  the cure - cloudberry  ... i love the cure always :)