well i haven't really been saying anything lately but .... where is everyone. i know nick edney is extremely busy at work (supposely, hee hee) and t.w.i.f.o.s.l.y is doing interviews up north for med. school but what are you other people doing ... i'm looking in your direction darth bronger and NKOTB RULE ...   moving on some of you might not understand what dorkus melorkus was talking about earlier so here is the full story: earlier this year dorkus and i purchased a clipper game package from a friend name "jane doe". though we were unsure when we would receive it we were both confident enough to know it would be sooner than later ... BOY WERE WE WRONG. the game packaged was only good for certain games - 11 games to be exact of the entire clipper season. well when "jane doe" had sold the tickets to us in jan. at least 6 of those 11 games had already passed so first off the product was half used up. then getting the tickets from her became an impossible task. things were always coming up on her end and made it extremely difficult for us to ever get them. after all both dorkus and i do work a full work week and we don't have as much free time as people who don't. finally when we do get the tickets there is ONLY ONE GAME left that we can go to and dorkus is out of town that weekend and i can't go. so in conclusion the coupon book/ticket thing ended up being WORTHLESS. well naturally we both didn't feel it was right for us to pay for it ... to make a long story short i ask the same question dorkus brought up ... how do you cut ties with someone who you know is shady. after all if she is willing to treat us like this then i guess she really doesn't consider us good friends ....  side note: the house has become really depressing lately and i hope for everyone's sake there are some good things moving in your lives ... i'm not saying i'm the most positive person in the whole wide world (far from it) but i do believe to every horrible, rotten, terrible thing comes some good or at least something decent ... things in life just take time to work themselves out, even if at the moment you feel lonely, hurt, sad, depressed, worried or stressed.   on the beat box:  nothing ... just quiet :)