so philly finally got "better luck tomorrow" and i watched it w/ my friends last night.  i give it a B:  good story-telling, acting eh--but that could also be b/c of directing, the story had good intentions and made some good points.  as far as the ending...good climax, but nothing was resolved and it seemed like one of those stories you start writing and can't figure out to end it.  it's not like i was expecting the ending to be fullfililng or uplifting so i wasn't disappointed but i could see if someone was expecting more then they would be disappointed.  i agree w/ new wave's post about not being able to relate about the SAT's....one thing my friends had a problem w/ was that they didn't show any parents---and thus didn't explain the pressures the kids were facing.....but i told them that that was the whole point was that their parents DIDn't care what they did beCAUSe they got good grades...as well as the fact that parents are always away at work, kids don't get any attn etc.  overall i think it's a decent first step for Asian Amer. movies.....although just the fact that it was soooo disturbing may not have been the greatest message to put out there.  but i commend the writers on their um.....bravery? to show a different side of Asian Americans.  that's my 2 cents.  as for the cheating subject...i STILL don't know what my final verdict is on that...being that I am a Libra i keep giong back and forth.  however i'm leaning towards that it IS cheating.  but i think the greater majority of society agrees that as long as there is no physical contact then it isn't cheating.  BUT it is still WRONG and calls for some ass kicking!!!!!  another relationship question that one of my friends brought up:  if you had to choose......would you rather marry someone who loved you more than you loved them OR someone who you loved more than they loved you?  i personally don't like the question cuz i wouldn't want to marry anyone who wasn't equally in love w/ me.....but IF YOU HAD TO CHOOSE.  bleh hehe  listening to: one more chance--notorios B.I.G. aka Big E. Smallz