my review of  better luck tomorrow  - right off the bat i'm not going to lie to you ... i didn't think it was great however i did think it was good/fair. i found it hard to care for any of the characters, none of them were redeeming. you just felt they deserved everything they got coming to them. the movie is much more relateable if i was still in high school and i guess a lot of that had to do with the fact it was set in high school. the typical concerns of sat scores and extra curricular actitives for your  application seems ages ago for me. another problem i had with the movie was the weak representation of asian american women. if there were women in the movie they were either prostitutes or angry asian girls. okay but aside from all the negative comments come the postitive. i personally thought the actors did a good job even if others didn't. i thought the director justin lin did a great job esp. with the camera work.  and i guess the biggest postive remark i can make is this will hopefully open doors up for an asian american market ... so we don't get lumped together with the white people in the pie chart. in conclusion i think everyone should see this movie .. it may not be the best but hey i would hate to think this is the last all asian american cast movie to be ever made ... there has to be a demand for this before they can make a supply of them. sorry if this review is weak, i can't express myself in writing very well :(  moving on ... okay nick what is going on with your mouth. i think you just dug yourself into a hole with that whole jaw/mouth thing ... ha ha .... darth and mac make fun of her yea. i can see your concern about your dad nick and the whole SARS thing however you do know that not everyone dies from it once you get it. sometimes i think people don't do enough research about stuff and rather follow the mass hysterical that comes with certain events.   oh and mac ... i wonder who that "someone" was who could not go to disneyland because she stole 3 pieces of licorce and had to miss a school dance on top of that. HA HA no no it couldn't be me right .... man brightwood was beyond lame. i miss the glory days when i use to get made fun of all the time because i was lame and never had a cool boyfriend to make out with behind the handball courts ... well at least we had golf as an elective and we got to go to catalina, space camp, europe, idlewild, washington dc, dana point and the list goes on ... ha ha darth.  i'll leave with this: "pessimists live in fear of their hope, optimists in fear of their fear" - james richardson   on the beat box:  get on the floor - the promise ring