  						     Rich Lowry: The ideological librarians  Or, "Kill the Librarians."  There are dangers for the librarian profession to be seen as leftist.  (Of course, seen is a weak term, the librarian profession is leftist.)  Consider the following quotes:  "That this is so is mostly the work of the American Library Association, which is doing for librarians what teachers unions have done for teachers: making an otherwise worthy profession seem a blight on the republic."  and  "A June meeting of the ALA provided an important clue of the organization's real priorities. It declined to pass a resolution -- even a tepid one -- supporting 14 jailed independent librarians in Cuba. These true martyrs to the free circulation of reading material held little interest for the ALA, since they are anti-Castro instead of anti-Ashcroft. Some ALA members even questioned whether the 14 are "true" librarians. Good point -- how can they be, unless their top priority is bashing the Bush administration?"  What can we expect?  We talk about intellectual freedom and balance but as a profession we always tend to take up left wing causes.  It is OK to bash Israel, George Bush, and those who support filtering pornography (and any librarian who deviates from the PC view) but God forbid we ever try to balance our stands and fairly represent our communities which tend to have both left, middle, and right wingers present.    Is it a surprise that those to the right notice?  If history is any indicator, we can fully expect that both left and right wing politicians will be elected in the future across the country.  As ALA (and librarians as a whole) are beginning to be seen as one sided agitators for the left, I bet we can expect less attention (and funding) when those to the right are in power.  Maybe we can become less predictably leftist?  ALA and librarians have valid concerns about the Patriot Act.  Many conservatives in fact are having problems with this legislation.  But the right will not listen to us if ALA is seen as a lackey to the left.  An effort needs to be made to appear more politically neutral so that when librarians speak about intellectual freedom and funding we are not ignored.     