  						     Using Outcome-Based Education in the Planning and Teaching of New Information Technologies.  Regardless of the lesson plan you use, if students can't conduct library research when you are done teaching them, you wasted your time.  The same goes for information literacy.  An informationally literate student who can't actually use a library resource is going to have problems.  That is why library instruction needs to address the need at hand.  What does the student need to know to do this assignment?  All the glitz and information literacy instruction can be heaped on after your done with that important task.  One method of teaching which uses a successful outcome as a baseline for instruction is outcome-based education.  Today's linked site related OBE to library instruction.  It starts, "A considerable amount of work needs to be done when selecting new information technologies. From deciding which technology to use to dealing with the vendor's license agreement, a great deal of effort is expanded by library administrators. However, two important and crucial areas that are often overlooked are considering what outcomes a library wants from a new information technology and planning to introduce and teach library patrons how to use the new information resource. It is pointless to purchase an information technology unless it is used effectively by the patrons of a library. A variety of approaches can be taken when designing the curriculum of a library instruction program. Most of these approaches can be traced back to current pedagogical practices that are being advocated by the education profession. One current educational approach which has not received a lot of attention by librarians is outcome-based education (OBE). This approach is highly relevant to libraries planning on introducing new information technologies to patrons as it ties in closely to the goals of library instruction, and to a lesser degree, reference services."  Full article at   http://www.libraryinstruction.com/obe.html .     