  						     God's Choice: The Total World of a Fundamentalist Christian School by Alan Peshkin   I wrote a review of this book several years ago on a private fundamentalist school.  I posted it on the Web and I get two kinds of feedback from it.  First, those who dislike private schooling think I have to much admiration for Bethany Baptist Academy. Second, I get e-mail from those in the private school business because I actually question (and hence am of course ignorant in their view) some aspects of fundamentalist schooling.  I stand by my review as fair.  This type of schooling, as described by Alan Peshkin, fills a real need by some to get the education they want for their children.  It may also cause problems for society.    Excerpt from review:  "Although there are some limits, most laws ultimately uphold the right of the parent to decide what is best for their own children. This exercise in parental involvement has lead many to home school children, send their kids to private schools, and more recently lead to the development of charter schools. It is no surprise that Fundamentalist Christians are exercising their parental rights to educate their children in ways that fit their cultural views. The public schools are not supportive of the fundamentalist way of life. In many ways, public education is open and willing to embrace every form of diversity in the world with the exception of western religion. Further, it teaches many things such as situational ethics and evolution, which the fundamentalists view as being diametrically opposed to their beliefs. Attempts to get public schools to address their concerns are usually unsuccessful and often result in the petitioning party being portrayed as a right wing zealot or nut by the teachers and local media. It is no wonder that fundamentalists consider the curriculum of schools to be a religion in and of itself called secular humanism' and their withdraw from public education seems to be a rational response to this hostile religion."  Full review at:    http://www.libraryreference.org/peshkin.html .     