  						     Sample feedback from authors  I am the Executive Editor of  Academic Exxhange Quarterly  which is a higher education teaching journal.  I have learned a lot over the last year on what submitters to scholarly journals should and should not do when working with a journal.  (I think I can do a workshop now...) Here is a "sample" problem exchange.    From the site:  EIGHT	From: Academic Exchange Quarterly 	  Hi:  No problem, your submission was removed from journal's   review process  and placed on suspended list  http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/redak01.htm  We understand your decision.  However, may I point out that your understanding of AEQ review procedure and/or editorial policy is  wrong.  Here are two  instances:  PRIMO, you are wrong  when you say in reference to  redactory fee   "To enter into a monetary  transaction  to assure that my articles are published would be  viewed  with disdain at my university." Because, didn't  we tell you in previous  email "SIX" that AEQ does not accept "fee for publication" and  that any payment of redactory fee does not guarantee   publication?  SECUNDO,  your label "AEQ for profit operation" is misleading in the context you present it. AEQ is for profit journal same as Harvard Educational  Review. Both (AEQ and HER) are unit of larger entity: AEQ - Rapid Intellect Group;  HER - Harvard Education  Publishing Group.  Both were set up to make profit  in order to  pay related  expenses...  AEQs expenses are covered by subscription  and optional redactory fees  http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/karte9.htm  paid by authors unwilling  or unable to  comply with submission guidelines  http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/rufen1.htm   In your instance, it seems that you had no desire to shorten your submission length from 3671 words to 3000... To this effect, wouldn't it have been easier to  say so at the beginning  instead of fishing for a discount or a favor...  AEQ prides itself on having optional redactory fees only. Other journals meet their expenses by mandatory fees, see   http://rapidintellect.com/AEQweb/redfee.htm      