  						     The Information/Media Specialist in the Academic Learning Community: Integrating Kuhlthau into the undergraduate curriculum  This is student paper at Drexel from 2002.  Again, I hesitate to link to it as student pages are rudely taken down after they graduate (why not leave good content up I ask?) but I'll take my chances.  From the site:  A new staff member of the undergraduate library at a large urban research university has been hired as the coordinator of information literacy instruction.  The coordinator will present her vision of a new, integrated instructional program to the library committee, which is comprised of teaching faculty from the university, and to the library department heads and Dean of Libraries.  The new program the coordinator proposes is one that strives to transform the undergraduate student body into a populace of college graduates who are information literate citizens and workers, as well as independent and lifelong learners.  Proposal for an Instructional Program     The following components are crucial to an effective instructional program that will help to achieve the objective of producing information literate graduates:  ·    Constructivist, inquiry-based program infused with critical thinking skills  ·    Integration with the teaching curriculum and collaboration with faculty  ·    Authentic assessment which is outcomes-based and incorporates backwards design  ·    A holistic program that employs a diversity of teaching methods and activities  ·    Mentoring relationships between students and educators (faculty and librarians)     Carol Kuhlthau (1993), the creator of the model to be introduced later, discusses the nature of learning as constructivist, citing Dewey, psychologist George Kelly, and Jerome Bruner.  As such, her model reflects the idea of learning as a process of construction and of seeking meaning.  In Understanding by Design (Wiggins & McTighe, 1998), the authors also cite Bruner, and talk of narrative building (p. 50) as the true meaning of constructivism.      