  						     Information Literacy and the 21st Century Workplace - Preliminary Thoughts    This article is by Dr. Walter R. Beam.  It is based on an Information Literacy Workshop, November 3, 2000, given at the Capitol College Seminar on Information Technology.  From the site:  Literacy and the American Society.  Possession of literacy skills as a major criterion for employment is a relatively novel concept, except for those engaged in law or 'letters'. At the start of the 20th Century, few Americans attended college and even fewer completed a degree. Though some trade schools had evolved, most trades were considered to be best learned through apprenticeship – that included medical and legal practice, well into the 19th century.  Reading had been recognized as an essential skill for all learned professions – and especially for teaching, which was held in higher esteem a century ago than it is today. Both reading and writing skills were essential for law practice. Skill in (applied) mathematics was necessary in engineering, simpler parts of it in accountancy and, to a lesser degree, in business. Competent business people often hired others having skills they themselves not possess, and still do. However, marginal skill in reading, writing or math has often led to trusted employees breaking their trust.  From "the three Rs" to communication. Of the three traditional literacy components, readin', (w)ritin', and (a)rithmetic, the first has long been a key to personal knowledge and progress. It is easy to believe this will continue true for the future. For those able to grasp and retain what they read, it is the fastest path to knowledge. Manual writing skill has traditionally been emphasized in early youth, though relatively few master the cognitive skills of writing in high school or even in college. Integration of reading, writing, speaking and use of graphics, sometimes referred to as communication, is a compact representation of non-mathematical, or more generally, non-specialist literacy. In the past generation, even Communications has been turned into a specialized college degree.     