         the high school i was kicked out of closed about 3 years after i graduated.  I hated the people in the school, and had an abundance of problems.  Any, its been reopened as a high school, and i get the online alumni newsletter.  This one came on 2/6.    "February 6, 2003  PVHS Alumni,  We want to get you updated on whats happening at PVHS. Robin Mittleman, from our PTSA, has prepared some information to give you a feel for where we are at mid-year. You can stay updated each week by checking out our school website at www.palosverdeshigh.net Click on PVHS News. If you want to spread the word to other alumni, they can go to this same site to register to receive information. Heres whats happening:  With the end of the Fall sports programs, the Winter sports programs kicked into gear. Our Fall teams did very well for their first time out. The Boys Varsity Water Polo team was our first team to make it to C.I.F. The Winter teams included Boys Freshmen & Sophomore Basketball, Girls Frosh/Soph Basketball, Girls Varsity Water Polo, Boys & Girls JV & Frosh/Soph Soccer, Boys & Girls Surf Team, & Equestrian team. The end of these seasons is nearing at which time the Spring sports will begin. The Fall and Winter athletic teams have been very successful, particularly for a school of 475 students. We see a bright future in athletics as the school grows.  PVHS hosted our first College Night recently. The idea behind this was to introduce the Freshman & Sophomore parents & kids to some basics such as financial aid, the University of California System, and the private school system. We had representatives from UCLA, USC, and UCSB. Expecting about 60 people, we were overwhelmed when 200 plus showed upit was literally standing room only.  We also hosted an Open House for prospective and incoming students. Approximately 1200 people attended that night. We still have open enrollment in this district. The intent of the open house was to show off our new school and encourage enrollment. The feedback was very positive. Our visitors loved the faculty and the general excitement and enthusiasm with the reopening of PVHS.   Our Campus Beautification Club needs community support! The Green Club at PVHS has as its primary goal to upgrade and maintain the grounds of the campus. They can use donations of plants, gardening tools, heavy duty waste bags, & cash donations to purchase these items. Do you own a nursery where they could purchase plants at wholesale or you could donate plants? If you can help, please contact Dugan Miller, 310-378-8471, x.710.  NOTE: This Sunday, Feb. 9th, from 12-4pm, the music dept. is presenting the Sea King Swing. Money raised at this event will support the instrumental music department at the school. Come see our very own Jazz Ensemble open the event, followed by the professional sounds of the Sharp Sounds Big Band. All for only $25/couple, or $15/single. Come dance the afternoon away to your favorite swing songs from the 20s to the 60s. Desserts & beverages included. Tickets available at the door on campus.  Our PVHS merchandise is on SALE at or below cost on sweatshirts and planners. Contact Candy Afsa at 310-541-5420 if you would like to place an order. Limited sizes available. We also have a few PVHS Afghan Blankets ($55) and Stadium Fleece Blankets ($35) available. These make great gifts!   On Friday, March 14th, 2003, PVHS will present our spring Booster Club fundraiser at the Norris Pavillion. We have only one Booster Club for the entire school. We would love to have our alumni present at this function! It will be a fun evening filled with food, music, and gaming tables. More info. to come on this, but in the interim you can contact Laura Gregorio at 310-514-9122 or LTKG2000@yahoo.com if you want more details, would like to volunteer to help, or if you would like to inquire about gaming table sponsorship opportunities.  Improvements continue to be made on campus. We replaced the old benches in front of the school offices with new, red, PVC-style benches which read Palos Verdes. There was a Scout community service day where the troops painted all the old lunch tables & benches. Also in the planning stages is a College & Career Center to be housed in the old cooking rooms. This should be up and running sometime next year.  May 3rd, 2003, will be the MAIN EVENT fundraiser from which the Peninsula Education Foundation funds many necessary programs at all the Palos Verdes Schools. If you would like to make a donation of services, merchandise, or money, please call Britt Huff (PVHS rep.) at 310-326-5052.  We want to get our alumni back connected with our school. There will be a very special alumni-only participation opportunity available soon. In the works is an Alumni Walk, rimming Senior Park with bricks bearing our alumni names. More information will be sent in the near future.   Palos Verdes High School is truly back. We are very pleased with the progress in every area: academics, athletics, find & performing arts, activities, and facilities. We are very proud of our first 24 teachers, as well as our coaches and other school staff members. Our students are doing great. The campus is still one of the most beautiful in the nation. The parents are excited and supportive. PVHS will once again be one of the finest high schools in the Nation. Feel free to contact me anytime if you want more information.  Chris Bowles, Principal"  _________ I love it man.  A surf team.  We didn't have that when i was there, or an equestrian team.  If there had been a surf team, hell yeah i would have joined it so i could learn how to do it.     Mr. Bowles was the assistant principle when i was there, i think.  He's a pretty nice guy.  And he's right, it really is one of the prettier schools.  It's a block from the ocean.  Red tiled roofs.  Huge fields.  I've driven by it when i visited, but i'd like to go take a walk through it one time.  I could point out, still, all twelve of the lockers i went through. I spent a lot of time there even before i was a student, in my dad's Industrial Arts class rooms.  We'd ride our bikes over on Sundays and he'd get set up for the week, and i would draw stuff on the chalkboard (his students loved that), pester him about the machinery, read the tech manuals and textbooks, look at what people had made, or go sneak around the campus riding my bike.  During the summers, the pools were open to the public.  Even the high dive board! I learned to swim at a swim school, but ended up terrified of the water for some reason later on and went back to lessons at the high school.