         wow man. great weekend. I'm really sore today. I missed canoeing. I had to wait around for the other band members to get their shit together. i hate waiting. i hate when people make me wait around. They're my friends and all, but i really don't have the time or the inclincation to stand around while everyone else fucks off. There is nothing in the world that will set me on a slow boil like being told "I'll be there at ____" and then having to wait around for them. In most cases, i'll just leave. But often,  someone has to be at some place to deal with something while the other people are out fucking off. like today.. the tavern where our stuff was opened at 3. the owner had to run to town before then. Jeff and i were there and had our crap loaded and ready to go by noon. Dale needed the truck at 1, and i was supposed to go canoeing at some point today. I didn't want to leave their stuff there, in case they didn't get there before the owner had to leave. But, i think next time, i'm going to just leave and let them do the waiting. Already i had driven 100 miles over this.   another thing is that jeff always has to take the PA. He's tired of it. I'm sick of it. There just isn't room in my truck for Jeff, the PA mixer, the PA amp, my bass.  I have a two-seater toyota. With bucket seats. Nick and Tammi go around in a truck with a bench seat and he has a case for his guitar. Since Tammi sings, and we haul the speakers around, i think they are going to have to take the freakin mixer, at least. I aint taking it anymore. I can't shift right when jeffs leg is crammed against the bass which is crammed against the shifter.    when we left, we left the PA stuff there, except for the speakers. Jeff felt he had to tell them why. I was like, fuck it, dude, all they have to do is look in my truck. I'll take tammi in the truck one time and she can hold the PA and mixer.   I have a minimum of equipment to drag around. i take jeff, his drums, and whatever else. i take my own shit and carry my own shit and hook my own shit up. All i want is a little consideration.