         Diaz Ano  My spanish, while existent, is horrible. But here, almost ten years...   I got the last set of tires on a Chevy Suburban around 3:30, and cleaned up the bays, clocked out. Here in Nashville, it was 2 hours ahead of the West Coast. I walked home. I must have got in around 7 or so. I was pretty happy. A long year of this and i was sick of it, ready to go back home, feeling defeated. Pearl Jam was just making it BIG. Ren and Stimpy were on MTV. I missed all my friends. Greg's family was just too damn demented for me. My plane was leaving the next day. Greg's feelings were hurt. Mine were so inflamed, yet numb, that i didn't care anymore what he felt.      I finally got home.  I don't remember if anyone was there or not. There was nothing to eat, and i had no money. So i flipped the TV on. There was fire everywhere. FIRE. on every channel. What the hell? There, a building recognized, a vista of mountains, the brown sky tinged with black smoke.. What the hell? This was my home... It was on fire. I was going home to an inferno.    That was 4/29/92. Almost a decade ago.. in a few more days it will reach that milestone. That's what i saw of it the day before i left Nashville. People were surprised i was still going home. I said to them, "Say you were in maybe Minnesota, and something like this blew up here, would you go home anyway?" They all answered yes. I just shrugged. The image of the guy being pulled out of his truck is forever burned in my head. I can't tell you how many times i had driven through that very intersection, going to hollywood the long way. RIGHT THERE.   There was a stop in Phoenix, because there was too much smoke for my plane to head on to LA. I was flat broke. I was starving. I had one cigarette. I looked outside the window at Sky Harbor at the desolation of Phoenix and wondered who the hell would want to live there (I didn't, but i ended up doing so almost exactly a year later).  Flying into LA, we flew over the freeways downtown, as planes do. To my surprise, not a single car was on the road. I wasn't sure what i was expecting. This was in the middle of the day, on  Saturday, i think. Not one single car on the freeway. I wondered if my friends were going to be able to meet me.   They did, but it took them forever to get there and we didn't find each other right away. Hanging out with them on the way home, life had the appearance of normalcy, for that 45 minutes. The destruction didn't touch where we were going.. ooh, no..   But i divide my life by that date. There is "before the riot" and "after the riot" as far as where i went, how i felt, and how i looked at LA. I'd never been scared in Los Angeles. My friends and i went places together i wouldn't dream of now, and i think "Damn, we were brave or stupid".  Two weeks after i had been home, we were robbed at gun point in an area we had previously been safe in. That never happened to me before. My friends bought guns and took self defense classes, they got scrips for things like valium. I just kept on going as i always had. Things happen, right? You deal, you move on... Well, sort of.. I just drank harder. I did more drugs.   Los Angeles is in my blood, in my bones, literally. Word has it if you lived there for more than 10 years, especially through the 60s and/0r 70s, you have deposits of lead in your bones from the air. So, i carry that around with me. I've never been able to explain why i love the place. I was dying to get out, but i miss it so much. When i go to visit, it feels good to be back. After a little while back, i'm dyin to leave again. I feel like silly putty or something. Pulled in different directions about it.  There is a lot being said about LA in the papers this week, how it has done since then. I will tell you, though, that nothing has changed. Those riots, the fires, could happen again at any time. They just need a spark. There's plenty of fuel. Anyone who tells you different is fooling themselves.