         You know, i just have a amateur musician peeve i want to share.  When you don't have a band, often desperately want to just PLAY with other people and have fun at it. This is why we have jams and jam nights. So everyone can get up onstage and have a blast. So, actually this may be a short list of peeves, but here goes.  1. When the person you are called up to jam with will neither tell you the name of the song they want to play or what key its in. ONE or THE OTHER is nice. BOTH are great. But it sucks when you just look at me and say oh you'll figure it out. What it does is make you look good, and make me look like shit, because you're too caught up in yourself to be bothered to tell me what you're doing. It's lazy, in that you aren't looking good on your own abilities. You're looking good at my expense. If i walk off stage because i have no idea what i'm doing because you won't tell me, i look like the asshole, i look like the bad player, and i look like i don't know shit. So if any musicians out there recognize yourself in either situation, do something about it.   2. Club owners and Festival organizers- You people are the worst. You ask local talent of all kinds- in the dimensional arts, painters, crafters, chefs, to pay you for a booth to show off their talents. You pay out of town bands room, board, and travel time, on top of for playing. You spout about how important the local arts scene is, but never lift a finger for the ones IN IT. Local musicians get the shaft. We get nothing. You expect us to play free for an hour, and we live here... We aren't doing this to entertain ourselves. Most of us work day jobs, and this is often the little extra money we need to get through a month without stocking up on Top Ramen. We bothered to learn to play these songs, which we may actually hate. We want to see the festivals and clubs be successful, and we love to see the booty movin.. But goddamn, it  RESPECT YOUR LOCAL MUSICIANS! PAY US!   You advertise the best local talent! and then pay out of towners to come?!   anyway, i have to get clean and go practice and make these flyers. Those are my two biggest peeves. The rest of my peeves are directly related to them, so they are only sub-peeves and sub-sub-peeves.   I got a blue shirt at walmart yesterday that has FULL SERVICE on it in orange. eheh. its fugly.