         Sorry. i simply can't see the "right" in either side of the Israel conflict. I just can't. I've looked at both sides, probably superficially, and it's just insanity, plain and simple.   Any rehabbers, can you recite the definition of insanity for me?   "insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, expecting different results".   Now. Look at the middle east, and please, someone, tell me that any of that is sane.   Yeah. It really bothers me. Do i have any answers? No, i'm just a lowly american citizen, hated by god, despised by the third world, a tool of (name your evil minority).   Can i say why i can't see either side?   Both sides blatantly disregard their holy writs. God is on our side, my white ass. God hates it, if he's even around to watch the carnage. He's probably gone out for a walk these last 10 billion years, and we keep getting his answering machine. "Your prayer will be answered in the order it was received. Current waiting time is expected to be five thousand years. Thank you for your patience".   When i lived in Arizona, i spent a while, a good long while, living among white power people. I won't say skinheads, because they weren't all skinheads (as all skinheads aren't rascist, not all rascists are skinheads, or even white). What did i get out of that experience? Well, first and foremost, the white power people are just as prone to ridiculous propaganda as anyone else. get past the indoctrination, and they're confused. Losers, really. Anyone who allows themselves to be sucked into belief=fact is a fucking moron. "?" exists for a reason. More people need to excercise their right to "?".   It would be interesting if anyone in my family ever stumbled upon this, because they will probably find out things i never bothered to tell them, and might be shocked, nay, dismayed, at the life i led away from them, as i continue to relay stories of my past, present and at least 30 minutes from now, here.  I got one name for all the confused people in the world. Ram Dass. Another word- That Hindu monkey god.  his name was just in my brain. Hanuman. Yes. Hanuman. If i was a Hindu, i'd be in the cult of Hanuman, or maybe Kali-Durga. But I'm not! I'm NOTHING! No religion, no political party, no special interest group. All i want is some god damn stability. I want the little guy to win, ONCE. I want the Enrons and Dick Cheney's of the world to be shit on, like the little guy. Pay Congress minimum wage. Outlaw soft-money and lobbying. How fast do you think minimum wage would rise if Congress had to live on it? Those fuckers. While i no longer make substandard paychecks, i've been there. It sucks my ass.   EEE  TEE  SEE