         ahhh.. i love the riverside, even though the patrons all moan about how we're too loud. Well, yeah, and most of the people who have seen us in there know we're loud, and i don't see why they come if they're just going to complain about something they already know about. There is no line we can draw with our equipment in that place to get the guitar sound we like, get over the drums, and have Tammi heard. the place is just too small with too many weird angles.    soooooo anyway, those of you who missed it, we did lay out a rough version of BTO's "Let it Ride". Except it's Big Sugar's version of the song, which rocks 10 million times more. We think it'll be well-received!   My friend Dean came up and brought his recording equipment, and he has some  nice  stuff.  We ran the bass straight from the amp into the mixer, and the vocals straight into the mixer, and Dean set up two ambient mikes to catch the rest, and i have to say, the dirty, straight recording sounded damn good. I can't wait until he cleans it up.  Beeb was there (heya Beeb! Thanks for comin! We LOVED it! I think everyone else did, too!) and we jammed a song with him and it rocked. I even played my part perfectly, which i was unable to do the last time we jammed together, for whatever reason.   Nick's dad was able to come up, and that was really cool. So far, Ron's the only parent whos been able to see us. (sad face). Mine live out of state, Tammi's mom lives kinda far away, and Jeff's mom lives kinda far away, too. But soon, probably in the next week or so if all goes well with Dean, we'll have a CD we can send our families, and whoever else might want one. It'll be the show at the Riverside, the best songs we did that night. These are all covers, so we can't sell this. Just ask, once i give the word, and i'll get a CD to you. There is a little bit of a waiting list, right now..  ah, still working on scanning the logo for the shirts. i have not perfected it yet. I do the artwork by hand, being of the old-school DIY punk-rock type ethic. I haven't been able to balance and straighten it to my liking yet.   Onward... The Coos River Run, i am assuming it is ON.  I'm pretty sure that Friday night is going to be John Chamberlin and a guy named Jack. John's a great git player, so he's worth seeing. More on this later...   Musical progress- Our first original is going to probably be a re-working of the song i wrote and often sing with Beeb, Home. It's also going to be available soon. Well, the original version of it is.   That'd be all the fits that's news to print, guys.