         Last night i finished the most recent book in Jean Auel's  Earth's Children  series.   Ok, lemme stop and say some stuff before i get into this book, and why i disliked it, and why i liked it, and why it sort of irritated me.   I'm a voracious reader. Compulsive, you might say. I read everything in front of my face- beer cans, cereal boxes, car part installation instructions, maps, books, whatever, sometimes over and over if its in front of me long enough.  Series books are cool, it seems, for the first four. Harry Turtledove's series about the Roman Legion magically transported to a different world is probably the best series i've ever read. Then comes Tad Williams'  "Memory, Sorrow and Thorn" books, as well as his Otherland series (which really only seemed to get  better  with each book). The Narnia books, the Little House books, and another series i read a couple of years ago that i can't remember the name of, in which the main character was a despicable whiner, but the books were terrific. These are all great book series. The Sword of Truth series is pretty good, but it's getting boring now, some 6 books into it.   Which seems to be happening with the Earth's Children series. Ms. Auel seemed to be running out of things to say. The book is huge, at least the hardback version, but it's repetetive. I skipped whole sections of it because things had already been explained once in the book.  If one took out all the repeated bits, the book would be some 300 pages shorter, i'm thinking.   why this is annoying- because it isn't just in books, the repeating things over and over. It's in newspaper articles. How many times have you read in the last eight months (made up example, here), "Bibi, like most Afganis, uses only one name". Any article in which the writer is speaking to an individual Afghani, we're reminded that they usually only use one name. Ok we know that now. Myriad articles have remided us. In ongoing stories in the news, there's constant repetition. Timothy McVeigh has another part of his name. He isn't just Timothy McVeigh anymore, he's Timothy McVeigh, the Oklahoma City Bomber. Yeah i remember.   Reminds me of boring Top 40 pop music... eh? Oooh baby baby, baby baby, ooooh.   It's filler and fluff, for whatever reason,  Personally, i don't like being treated like a non-comprehensive moron. Are they writing for today's audience? If that's the case, it's goddamn scary.   But i do like the Earth's Children books. My favorite one is still probably Clan of the Cave Bear, though. Auel has a terrific imagination and must be a compulsive researcher. Plus, she lives in Oregon, so she can't be all THAT bad. Her writing, at least up until this book, was actual craft, and not the terrible Dean Koontz style, rehash the same plot for 50 books just change the names of the characters thing. I can appreciate that, as a secret writer of fiction.  But i would not dare to assume my readers were idiots by repeating concepts 4, 5, 6 times in the same book.  Ok, i'm done with that, now.