         its been what, eight months. I still balk when i think about it. It never really leaves my mind, the planes.   a few years ago, when dale and i drove to Illinois, we were in... hmm.. i want to say Madison, but its not.. but a city on the Missippi. I looked out the window of the truck to see a plane making its landing approach, and for a moment it was framed between these two buildings, and the sun behind it, and the clouds were poofy and they had that sort of bright outline to them, with those bars of light (that have a cool name - crespicular or something) and i snapped the pick. So i'll find it and scan it and put it here somewhere.   and when i was, hmm, probably 14, there was a company that advertised oddball stuff in the back of RS and Creem.  They were called Burning Airlines. I think someone ran it out of their house, because the catalog, while HUGE and featuring TONS of music-related goodies like posters, buttons, t-shirts, photos, etc- the catalog had been hand typed and xeroxed. But my mom happened to spy the catalog one day while i was going through it and was annoyed at the company name. She said it was in Horrible Taste (so, what was new for me... she who lacks the slightest iota of any kind of taste, bad or good)..  i wonder if she remembers that? I have all these dumb little bits of things people said to me.. and its weird that i catalogued them away like i did.    My ex-uncle, we'll call him Hartley Kern, once told my mom she was a bad parent. We should have pounded the shit out of him while we had the chance. I also have an ex-near-uncle, who fooled everyone in my family cept me, and we should have stashed him in a canal or something in PHX. No one listens to me and that's always just pissed me off. Lotta people just totally discount me. Mostly relatives. i guess. I just remember thinking that below the "i'm a nice guy" was a raging creep.   i sure miss the art of xeroxing. I try to use it in MLs stuff. Nothings quite as cool as a nicely laid-out photocopy flyer.