         it's very strange, all this talk about the middle east and loose nukes and what if's...   I was a teenager from 1982 to 1999. In my eyes, there were scary times between '82 and '86. "The Reagan Years" they call them. The Soviet Union was a tangible enemy, the "Evil Empire".  We knew where they were. We could find them on a map. Most of my friends and i knew how long it would take for an ICBM to reach its target from the moment it was launched. We all understood what would happen if one of the guys at the top pressed the button. We understood the layers of safeguarding the US had to guard against trigger finger, and we were pretty sure the USSR had something similar.   So, now, we get to relive that weird "back of the head" fear we had in the 80s, that was blithely coked away in the 70s... etc. But the enemy isnt on a map anymore. We know they don't have safeguards against accidental launching. We know they actually WANT to use this kind of stuff. I'm pretty sure that if we DID know exactly where to find the people we were looking for, we wouldn't hesitate to flatten them with conventional weapons.   I'm rambling. I'm a bit scared, the kinda scared i was in high school, when we woke up every day and thought, "Well, it could be the day".   That kind of behavior, that thinking, i think, had a lot to do with the misconception of "Gen-Xers" as apathetic. Yeah, the wall came down in what, 91? But until that time, we went on with life, thinking well there really isn't any point because some maniac is going to push the button, so i'll just go on and do what i want. When the USSR crumbled, it was unbelievable.   On that note, which was the better movie? "The Day After" or "Threads"? I made my stepmom watch "Threads" with me. She kept trying to hustle me out of the room. I wanted to scream at her, "This is your generation, you need to own up to what you people unleashed on mine". If it makes you uncomfortable, you need to examine why.   I thought "threads" was the better movie. It didn't have the sugar coating that The Day After did.   A great book in the same vein is "Swan Song" and i can't remember the authors name.   ugh. today my musings make no more sense than usual, i guess.  well, i never did say i could think coherently.  Dale goes in for his MRI today.   Might go campin this weekend. Get the canoe out in the water again n stuff. yeeeeee haw.