         and yknow what else?   someone else can book the fucking band. All i hear is whining. So, someone else can do it. Fuck it. I ain't got time to wait around for these people to fill out forms that were due two weeks ago, or to tell me one price and then complain when the misunderstanding is on the venues part. Or tell me they can't talk about it right now because they need a fucking drink of water. Book yer own shit and i'll just play my bass. Christ on a stick. Or make deals behind my back and never tell me about it, so yea, i do look like the fucking asshole once again. "well we told that guy we'd play for $X", Why the fuck didn't you tell me when i had to turn the application in that you'd already quoted that price?!  'oh its not worth it to play way up there for that much, and we don't have that much music' Sorry? Exposure to a group of people from all over the state and various other MC clubs that put on summer gigs like this isn't ENOUGH, on top of the money? If we have dont't have enough music, why have you been nodding and smiling about it and saying we did for the past two weeks?  "They want us to go on at 6 pm and drive that far?" Hell yeah, do you want to play or not? *I will go up and entertain them for four hours by mySELF*.   Oh, yeah, i understand now why some people just say "Screw the band" and buy a CD player and run their own tracks all night on originals. I sort of understood before, because i've lived in a house with a band, and i've lived with large groups of people before, but really, until your in the middle of it, it just doesn't sink in.  you never really see how shitty your "friends" are until these big nasty one-eyed green things with big slack-jawed heads always hanging open called EGOS suddently float to the surface. Sure, i have one too, but here i was thinking these people were actually serious about being in a band? And doing something with it? Fuckin laughable.   ______________   I'll be okay tomorrow. I have to put it somewhere. If i say it aloud, it'll be venemous and cruel and people will cry. Either i'd do that, or i'd be so pissed, like steaming out my ears and eyeballs popping out pissed, that i'd only be able to say "glaaaaaah!" and wave my arms frantically, and turn purple and spit and drool and stuff. So. The walls will remain intact, because this gets it out of my system. And, it's not something that belongs on the band page. Its my thing. I have to deal with it. Tomorrow, i'll be able to present this problem of mine to the band, and we can work on a solution for it in a reasonable manner and we may not all be happy about it, but at least it won't just be ME being unhappy about it.   I have to post an  MP3. I still havent decided which one. I have a stack of requests for copies of the CD we recorded at the tavern, too.   (makes loud, quickly deflating balloon noise)