         yeah, damn, for sure i'll miss Lori if she ends up taking this new job. *grumble*.    I often grumble about having no friends here, but i do have friends. they just aren't the kinds of friends i used to have. Perhaps in all my moving and relocating i've laid up a line of some kind, and never allow my friendships to progress past that, because i may end up moving again. There will be no more Michelles, Christians,  Terrys, Vals or Glennas. No more Andis, Lillis, Taras.  The friends i have now have kids, husbands, jobs.  So, i'm, as usual, a bit on the outside. I have a job.. I have a husband. But my life is still very much outside theirs. I hang out with the ones i have now, Sara, Tammi, Joan and Lori (yeah. that's it.  really only four good friends now) and their lives are totally alien to me.   but this isn't what i popped in to blab about. i wanted to blab some more about people.    Its weird to live in a place thats mostly white. I spent most of my life around all different shades. Racially mixed marriages bother a couple of people i know. My stepmom is black, and my brother and sister are, too. They're adopted. I can't deal with my stepmom, but it has nothing to do with what color she is. She's a school psychologist, and she always treated me like a case study. I was never able to pop off with a rascist excuse when she pissed me off, because it was always something that had nothing to do with race. She never listened to me. She seemed like a golddigger. (funny, finding out now that appearances in this case are not deceiving, as my dad and stepmom are in the process of a divorce, and she's not only screwing my dad, but me).  In fact, in my family, there is so much to make the "white, protestant, het" crowd cringe that i think its funny to tell them about it, with great relish in my voice. "Check this out- My dad married a black woman and they adopted two black kids. My brother and sister. My aunt Jane was a nun for some 20 plus years, and she got out and married a jewish guy (who i also didn't like, but it was because he was a jerk, not because he was a jew), my aunt judy's ex-husband is now my aunt Amanda. No longer Uncle Bill." All that makes them turn all kinds of colors. That's just my immediate family. My family, i think, defines an american social ideal. No, we aren't perfect. We are co-dependent, addicts, lofty-nosed at times.  Just not afraid of what the rest of the world thinks. We do our own thing, and if the neighbors don't like it, they can shove off.   What brings all this thought on? I just finished reading a story in the Washington Post about a town in Montgomery county (AL i think) called Damascus. Where the town has been so white for so long, and is now no longer so very white, that people just don't know how to deal with minorities. As if there's a way to  deal  with a minority. For fuck's sake, you treat everyone the same. That's how you deal with minorities. everyone deserves the same amount of respect. And anyway, this sort of thing seems to be in so many headlines, and its shameful. A quote in the article from a PTA person said "We need to increase tolerance". That struck me as totally retarded. As if there's a lever with "tolerance" labeling it, and you just inch it up a bit until its acceptable. What BS. You don't "increase tolerance". You teach your kids right from the get go that people are all the same, and it's the goddamn 21st century.    i feel this way not just about color-based rascism, but religion and sexual freak-outs. Who gives a crap what someone does in their house. Or what god they worship. And people don't want to hold themselves accountable for teaching their kids a bunch of lies, either.   I just get pissed.  When i was younger, a teenager probably, i would take my brother out and cruise around the mall with him and stuff. He's the right age that he could be MY kid. And we'd be toddling around and people would look at me like i was a pariah for having this little black kid in tow. "That your boy?" They'd ask. "hell no!" i'd say. and i could see they were beginning to approve, like maybe i was taking the housecleaner's kid out for the day. "Hell, no, that's my brother". And this kind of shit in Los Angeles. In upscale, million-dollar home Palos Verdes, full of people of all different shades. Rich people in all different shades. What the? Ignorance and stupidity come in all demoninations and sizes. ANd i can't even begin to tell you the garbage that poured out of the mouths of the white power kids in knew in AZ. Why did i hang out with them? They were entertaining.     ------------------   done with that. i may occasionally go on about something similar to that. I'll sometimes be hanging out with people and they'll say something retarded that just makes me fume. Course i wait til i get home to fume. Only after saying to them, "Well, that's totally retarded of you, but if you like being a dumbass, that's cool".   ABATE had its meeting Sunday about which band to have play. No one has called me yet. So, i have a sinking feeling about it. We did have six people in the group who said we had their vote, though. I'll ask Mary tomorrow. I almost don't want to. I don't want to know unless we got it. So i'm on edge about that. Also on edge because we have to move, fairly soon, pay off the rest of our taxes and Dale may end up needing surgery on his knee. The surgery is paid for, but the time off work... ow. Up to two months. I'll just have to work harder, i guess. Time to buckle down. I can do that, but it takes extreme pressure for me to do it. and the water is boiling.   hey i actually cooked some food tonight. Got bagels and eggs and cheese, so i fried up some eggs, toasted the bagels and put the cheese on it and that was our dinner. I need to fix or replace my stupid washing machine. it never knows when to change cycles, so it'll wash clothes for an hour or two if i don't go out and kick it into the next cycle, or it'll spin for an hour or so... goddamn annoying thing.   No work tonight. vacation for the doctors? again? Every time that happens, that there is no work in the box for me, i secretly panic and think Val has fired me without telling me.