         i live in a conservative, "good christian", "family oriented" type area. Not going to bother detailing why those phrases are meaningless here, because thats not the point.    One thing in town irritates the shit out of me, and it'd be better if i took a picture of it to get the point across, but some weirdo has this trailer he made a sort of big wood box out of and its covered with stuff from the bible (taken totally out of context, as usual).  This person parks it in store parking lots, moving it around.  Everytime i see it in a lot, i go tell the manager that i wont come back until that thing is gone. Well, if people can be offended by pictures of naked people ( i guess they close their eyes in the shower or something), i can be offended by having someone elses religion shoved in my face when i go to buy junk like tampons and beer.   anyway, i digress....   I saw a minivan plastered with obnoxious "conservative" bumper stickers today.  I want a new one. I want one that says "Fuck you and your opinion". Regardless of what kind of opinion it is.   This from the person who used to get hasseled regularly in the Metro Phoenix area for having "Republicans don't need abortions, they eat their young" on her bumper.  which reminds me of the funniest reactions i ever had to that bit..  i was delivering a pizza one day, driving down the main drag in Mesa, tokin, cos i could. Yuppie freak in a white BMW pulls up next to me on the passenger side, and starts freaking out in my general direction, yelling something.  i couldn't hear him, and i was stoned, so THAT was funny, but i rolled my passenger window down so i could hear what he was going on about, and he was totally incensed by the thing.. the republicans thing.   conversation went something like this -  yuppie freak- Hey whats that fuckin supposed to mean?!   me- Whats what mean?  YF- that stuff on the back of your truck.  me- What, you can't read it? It means what it says, dude.  YF starts yelling and screaming at me and gesturing wildly, i mean the guy was really torqued over it. All i could do was LAUGH my ass off and reach over to roll the window back up, as this freak, this pillar of the community in his brand new beemer, was cursing at me  and perspiring in my general direction. i still laugh about that.