         yknow, when its late at night like this.. or is it early morning? Anyway, i do a lot of writing when its still, quiet and dark outside.    i was talking to my drummer tonight about the things you hear late at night in neighborhoods.  At one point, i had these neighbors who lived below me (i say below because the house i live in sits on a ridge, and people live directly below me at the bottom) and they used to fight. They'd haul their drity laundry out at 3 am and fight and holler and argue in the middle of the street. I'd usually be working. So i'd hear them start outside. And i'd get up and lean on the windowsill and yell "Yeah! Kick his ass! Tell him what's up! Yeah!" and stuff at them, and they'd be quiet for a few minutes.. i guess they were trying to see where the voice was coming from, since the house i live in isn't visible from their street.. hehe.. but i always thought that was fun. I hear all kinds of noises this time of night. I've heard gunshots ("from what?"Jeff asks, "pistols or rifles or what?". "Large caliber handguns, man") the double crack of gunshots... hmmm... and no sirens? But i hear sirens other times, because there's a short cut to the main drag here that runs about two blocks away from me. So i hear them. I hear people partying up and down the block. Occasionally i hear someone sitting outside playing an acoustic guitar, very, very quietly. I'd yell encouragement for them, but i don't want them to be self-concious and stop. It's a nice sound. One i wouldn't  mind hearing.  In the mornings, around 7:45, i hear the bell for the high school. The warning bell, i guess, but i don't know because i have no idea what time school starts here. Was 8 am sharp for me. Warning bell at 7:50. And in the daytime, during the school year, you hear the bell on and off, depending on how the wind blows. I also get to hear the marching band practice, the crowd at the games.  At 4 AM, there's a weird sound that i think must be a shift signal at the port. I've never figured it out though. It kind of sounds like a train sound. I don't thinik there's a regular train through here at 4 am though. Its every 4am. You hear the Coast Guard helicopter sometimes, probably off to look for a fisherman who's gone off his boat.  Around 10 am you start hearing the puddle jumper planes from the airport, and my house is right under the flight path. They aren't that loud, but i can hit a plane with a rock and a slingshot from my front yard when they fly in.  After 9/11, it was really weird because the plane traffic was grounded. it was mostly silent here for a week. When its foggy or stormy, i can hear the Pony Slough buoy and its bell, marking off every four or five minutes.. lemme digress here and tell a funny story, or at least i think it was funny.   My first real job here was working at an answering service. I can't say which one, and i have to be sort of vague about this whole thing because i signed a confidentiality clause, and even though the boss was a raging bitch, i have to respect the clause to some degree.  anyway, one of the clients was one of the things that makes the port work. Ok so there was a campground at the end of Pony Point, which is about a mile and a half away from me, where the buoy is. Its at the top of the "North Bend" of the Coos River, or very close. That campground is closed now due to airport expansion. So i'm working one day, and this irate lady calls me up and starts complaining about the Pony Slough buoy and the noise it makes. I told her there wasn't anything *I* could do about it, so maybe she should call this other thing.. She already did, she said, and they said to call these people (who we answered the phone for).  The noise was ruining her camping trip.  I explained to her why the buoy was there. She was from some shitass landlocked state where shipping safety simply isn;t an issue, i guess. I mean, the ships have to pass under a railroad bridge right there, and then the McCollough bridge and its piers.  After explaining to her why the buoy is important, she didn't care. THAT pissed me off. I spieled on her. Nicely, of course.. but along the lines of "Hey, yknow, we have a working freakin port here in case you didn't notice. If the ships can't tell where they are, and it DOES get dark and foggy here, they'll run into stuff. And then we'll have crap on the beaches and stuff in the water and people will be all up in arms and the oysters will suffer and there won't be any healthy fish for dickhead tourists like you and your husband to catch. So shove it and camp somewhere they appreciate a lack of safety and people enjoy their pollution. And what kind of maniac camps in the middle of a harbor?". SHe made all sorts of threats and, hell, i couldn't have done anything for her if i wanted to or tried anyway. Bitch.   I hated that job.   Hear that Jan Purvis? I hated the job. I hated you. You and your spiel about how none of us will ever find a better job in this town... well i'll tell ya what, you drunk.. i did. Anita did. We did. And you still suck my ass. I can work in my jammies, at a better job, i get paid 10 times as much and never have to look at a customer or listen to some idiot yell at me on the phone. Fuck you. Maybe you'd never find a better job, because your so lame, but i did,   because   i    rule.  (maniacal laughter)