         i left band practice tonight at about midnight.  It was a good practice. We did our famous "well, lets give a listen to this song.. ok.. now, let's go play it" thing and almost nailed a new song.. so that makes it a good practice.  anyway, it was dark outside the House of Libner when i left, cool, but not cold. A nice summer night, for here. And the smell.. not the usual poopie diaper smell of the Cities at low tide.. when the mud flats are all out, after they bake in the sun... no this was the smell i like. There was the sea smell. The pine smell. the smell of warmish air. flowers.  a very sweet smell. I just stood out there by my truck and inhaled for a while.   another smell- as you pass the chipyards (where the forests they log go to be chopped up and shipped overseas, to be returned to us as pressboard furniture from Malaysia and Korea), your eyes water with the smell of the chips. A couple of blocks away, it's actually a pleasant smell. But right as you pass by, ooooomygawd.   One of my favorite smells i first smelled in the Riverside, CA area, before it became the tract-house bedroom community for middle-class LA commuters... the smell of orange orchards in the spring time.  When i lived in Phoenix, i used to wait until spring time and go driving through the orchards outside of Mesa. Man, what a smell. Intoxicating. There is a perfume that has a similar smell called Ciao!. Smells just like orange blossoms. MmM.   And there was the smell of the harbor in San Pedro. When you went down by Warehouse One, in the old berths, where the fuel loading terminal is. Not the fuel smell that i liked, although i'm a sucker for 102 octane.  But the smell of the harbor is one i always associate with pleasant things. My time in Pedro was difficult, at times, but for the most part good. A whiff of fuel oil, or heavy diesel, even the smell of the fisherman's wharf area, with it's drying nets and gas and diesel and fish smells. Fish markets do not smell good, though. I sometimes go to Charleston here to see if i can smell that smell. It isn't there. They don't haul out their nets and let them dry in the sun. Charleston has a funky smell most of the time, anyway.  Sometimes in the spring there's a breeze that brings the sweet, salty ocean smell in, but not often. It's usually the low-tide poopie diaper smell out there.