         Today's adventure was supposed to be canoeing from the 20-mile mark to the tavern. It looks much easier than it is. We got about 30 minutes into it, after pulling up and hauling out 4 times, and we got hung up on a rock.  The rock was sharpish, and we were wedged against it by the current. if we got it out and moved it forward, it would hit another rock from the front. The one we were stuck on was under us. i could hear the fiberglass trying to flex around it. We could NOT get the freakin canoe off the rock, and couldn't see how deep we were around us. We padded like maniacs, tried pushing the paddles against the rock to lever us out (while remaining mostly calm... i was more concerned about the canoe than us) to no avail. Suddenly i heard the crunch and saw the rock poke through the bottom. Damn! There it goes, bail out! No idea still how deep the water is, just went over without taking the canoe over and pulled it to the rocks.   Now we had it out of the water and assessed the damage. After dumping it out, we found an x-shaped compromise in the integrity of the hull. (i've been dying to say that, ok?)It was about fist-sized. Grumble. Damn. Look around, how are we going to get this out? The shore on our side is flat rocks below the road, which is almost a vertical climb about 15 feet through firs and brambles. Ok. So we plan our egress, stash the canoe, and start walking back to the truck, about a half-hour walk. Get the truck back to the spot and tie the new rope onto the front. Tammi throws the other end up, she pushes the thing and i haul it up from the top. It was comedy. But we succeeded, and even got the thing back on and tied tight. No problems getting it off.. which i forgot to mention.. when we first unloaded it, it shifted and dropped off the truck. With great crashing noises! At least it didn't shear the mirror off. So the stupid canoe had managed to survive being dropped four feet but not some shitty little rock. aaargh.  Anyway, i'm thinkin it's a kayak river, myself. At least til about a mile up from the store. Smooth canoe water from there on down.  So i guess we're gonna fix it up this week and maybe see about stiffening up the bottom just a bit with another layer or so.   The kayaks my friends dad has are thick-ass plastic, and short, good for all around kinda stuff. They'd be easy to take over the pools and wouldnt bust up on the rocks and stuff. There are three small rapids to deal with, and i think the kayaks could easily handle them. The highest is about 3 feet. So i will see if sara will let me rent them for a weekend.