           LORD OF WOLVES: Music Rant   Someone else bemoans the loss of good Los Angeles radio.    This person was able to receive KROQ where they lived, but because i was on the west side of the PV peninsula, KROQ never came in worth a shit for me.  My station was 91X, KROQs sort of sister station in San Diego.   There were several other stations that i listened to.  Instead of KMET, i got KGBFM in San Diego.  Similar format.  I was never able to get KXLU out of Santa Monica unless there was a full moon, 5 mph breeze and all the damned planets were lined up.  Occasionally i'd catch the Brain Cookies show when i was supposed to be sleeping.    There was also KNAC, a purely hard rock station, out of Long Beach. Now an all-Spanish station.   KWVE in San Clemente had a 3 or 4 hour show for about 2 years that played great punk rock and stuff... it's where ifirst heard New Model Army, the Descendents, TSOL (code blue, of all the songs ...).  They went to a religious formant, but for some reason kept the 3 hour punk show for about four months, then it went all Christian.   Another station in Santa Barbara came in real well, and it was between KNAC and KROQ, format wise.  I can't remember the call letters.. 102 something, i think.    MARRS FM replaced... let's see... i think it took the old KLOS frequency.  They played stuff like Thrill Kill Kult. They lasted probably five months.  Then Pirate Radio took over (and i found a Pirate Radio Party Pig pin in my crap in LA last year...) and it was good for a while, playing mostly unheard stuff in the crunchy category. Then, blam, they went to a Guns n Roses LA metal type format.  I was heartbroken.  Pirate Radio also went off the air, about a year after the riots in LA ended.    I was driving to Phx with the moron i moved there with when Pirate went off.  We got it all the way out to Inyo or so before we lost the signal.  The first song Pirate played in its metal format was "Welcome to the Jungle".  It was the last song they played when they went off the air.  Two hours later, i arrived in Phoenix.   welcome to the jungle, indeed.