         man.  what a weekend.  It's still saturday, too.. still have to get through sunday. ergh. Friday and Saturday were draining in every sense of the word.    Here's what i did.   I went to Portland with a friend of mine.  She needed someone to drive her up there, because she's sans license right now, but has a car. So i jumped at it, since i'd only been to Portland a couple of times. She wanted to hit the garage sales and then her sister's friend, a psychic, was going to do a reading for each of us Saturday morning.   Went up Thursday afternoon and got there around 9 PM.  Was introduced to everyone, then i immediately hit the sack.  Read my obligatory three pages of    "The Robe"  before my head turned into a lead weight.  (Not a particularly difficult book to read. Sometimes hard to digest.  I usually read at night before i fall asleep and three pages at a time seems to be what i've been able to average with this book.  good book, by the way. Interesting premise).   Saturday, i was up at the ungodly hour of 8 am.  I wasn't totally coherent and awake until around 11 or so, after we had been out hitting the garage sales for a couple of hours.  I scored some cool stuff.  Some Harley engineer boots, a pair of red spandex bell bottoms, coupla cool shirts, coupla kites, coupla pooka shell necklaces, a beavis and butthead necklace charm thing, a wicker purse i think will sell itself on ebay.  Total cost: about $15.  The pants still had the tags on them.  The boots are at least $100 new, and these, while not new, are still in really great shape, and were $3.  While we were out ogling other people's castoffs, we pondered what to do that night.  After consulting the entertainment thing in The Oregonian, we decided it might be fun to head up to Vancouver and see a friends band, Hookah Stew, play.  I haven't seen them in a while.  I really dig those guys.    So we got showerd and i got some decent clothes on, and, btw, it was unbearably warm in Portland this weekend.  Not Phoenix hot, but fuckin hot anyway.    Here's a little background for later... my friends brother-in-law is a recovering drug addict.  He has health problems related to his past problems.  Like, i think he's on a waiting list for a liver.    Anyway, we're about ready to go, when LD (we'll call my friend's sister that to help keep this straight, friend being LM) gets a phone call, and there's dead silence.  All i hear is "Did you call 911?".  LDs husband isn;t there. (he's the bro-in-law).  He's at a friends house, has been for most of the day, i guess. The deal is the people he's hanging out with think he took some morphine that they have a scrip for.  Obviously, someone whos got 15 years sober and a bad liver has no way for his body to process this.  The friends kept saying "oh, he's breathing"... right well people in comas often breathe on their own, yknow.. and he had been like that for at least four hours.  So we head over there, and no one's called 911 yet or anything.  The idea is we're going over to pack him into a car and get him to the hospital.  We get there and the D looks like, and i'm not trying to be funny, but he looks like if he isn't already dead, he was real fucking close.  He isn't breathing right. Totally unresponsive.  Stiff-limbed, dead weight.  They can't get him into the car.  They get him out to the driveway.  No one's called 911 yet. I'm in the street, just kinda going.. yknow, this is scary, cos i've seen people OD on a couple of different things.  The friend dude i hear him say "I''m on hold"... right.. 911 has you on hold.. not.  So one of the other women that we headed out there with got her cell phone out and called 911, because it seemed this guy was just stonewalling everyone on this.  D is still totally unresponsive.  Not breathing right. Irregular pulse.  He's taken morphine because he's been hurting, and upset over his treatment, apparently and this guy had some and offered it to him to help him sleep. Right.  Anyway.  To make a long story short, the EMTs showed up and i got to see the magic of a drug called Narcan in action.  They injected him and like, not 90 seconds later, he was awake again, though not coherent yet.  They toted him off to the hospital, where we waited a coupla hours until he was stabilized.  LD stayed there, and the rest of us went ahead and went home, because there wasn't really any point in hanging around.  The psychic stayed with LD because the other lady had to get back to the house and take her meds, and the rest of us were just dead on our feet.  It was pretty damn draining, just this incident.  I think we got back around 2 AM.  No hookah stew for us. No biggie.  As long as D was ok, we didn't mind missing the Stew.    Got back, hit the sack, read my three pages, and fell right to dreamland.  Around 4:30, i guess, i woke up to LD telling LM that she was back, D was back, and he was in their room, still not quite right, in a sort of waking dream.  Cool.  I just went back to sleep, and my sleep was much easier.    There was a lot of weird energy in the house this morning.  Not that i'm unusually attuned to such things, but, yknow, you can tell when its up and about.  The spirits are afoot, i like to say.  Like the first thing i noticed when i got up was that the windchime was moving, but there was no wind.   So, the other three got their psychic readings early, and i'm not sure what i was doing, but i didn't do it.  But LM had told LD that i knew how to read Tarot and runes.  Yeah, i do, but haven't dealt with either in any kind of seriousness for about 8 years.  LD asked if i would read for her.  I agreed to.  She had a sealed Angel deck and some runes. I've never used an Angel deck. Never even seen one.  I'm totally unfamiliar with it.  I usually used a Golden Dawn or a Thoth deck.  So i kinda read the little book that comes with the cards, flipped through them to check them out, shuffled them and went outside with them.    Now, i'm really kind of only half serious about this kind of thing anymore, though in the past the results i've gotten have been startling, but the thing with either of these oracles is that they can be very broad, very vague, or extremely direct.  LDs reading was... fucking right on.  So i do my little ritual i always did before, ring a bell three times to get the attention of whatever is in charge of this stuff. Cut the deck.  I do a simple three card reading- question, problem, outcome/answer.  I don't ask the person to ask a question.  I usually point out what the cards signify and let the person make the interpretation themselves.    So, the first card i pull for LD was one called "focus".  My fingers tingled.  It was weird.  This was the question card.  Next was one called Support.  Now, not only my fingers tingling, but my hands are shaking.  Last one was one called "Study".  The interpretations for these cards are pretty obvious.  It's a nice beginner deck or a deck for someone dealing with a lot of people and things can be read right into them without much thought.  This one was weird, because if you looked at the cards left to right, they pointed to Friday night.  Read right to left, they pointed to Saturday morning.  The Support card has 6 figures on it.  Six of us were involved the night before, and there are six of us again Saturday morning.  We figured Study was a direct shot at D, because Study also means a dreamscape, what you learn when you dream, and D was still in his other dreamkindaworld Saturday morning.  He wasn't, yknow, in the same world as the rest of us. And focus went either to LD or D, because they were scattered all to hell the night before, and they both had some very serious business ahead of them, with buckling down on Ds doctor about his treatment, and D buckling down on himself to make it long enough to get through it.   When i get weird readings like that, i'll pull the runes out and lay them over the cards and see if there's any clarification.  My brain is pretty numb right now, so i'm trying to remember exactly what the runes were.  But they really did clarify the rest of the reading.  My arms ached after all this, and i totally can't remember what the runes were.    LD was impressed, and so was LM.  So LM asked for one.  It's kind of not mattering now, what their readings were, because on the way home LM told me that i read pretty much exactly what the psychic had told them earlier.    Ok, i'm not a flim-flam new-agey person.  I don't use the vocabulary.  I don't pry information out of people and then use it on them.  I don't  know  these people all that well, so i can't read much into their personalities and tailor what pops up.  i mean, LMs totally baffled me for about a half an hour when it suddenly occured to me just how obtuse it was and managed to figure out what was being gotten at.  (Her first card was one called "Music"... baffling, since she isn't a musician of any kind, but the rune i pulled over it was eha reversed, which means a sort of stagnation). I popped up and asked her if she had been doing anything creative at all lately, and no, she hadn't been.  She's into crafts and needlework.  But that was the question spot. The sticky area, i guess. Her outcome card also baffled me... a card called Divine Guidance. The rune that went into that spot was eogh, "defense", reversed. It says set your house in order and wait on the will of the divine. Again, in a conversation on the way home, she said she'd been feeling like a headless chicken.  Again, what the cards and runes said was what the psychic had told her.  The reading had a sense of humor to it, because right after i asked her, i grinned and said she had to boogie down.  Cut loose, i guess.  She's really tied to a bunch of crap right now.    But i found it pretty bizarre, even for one who expects the bizarre.  I don't take a whole lot of stock in the whole psychic-fortune-telling thing.  I used my cards and runes for myself in the past.  I didn't generally read for other people very often because there's always this idea that people have that it's future-telling, when really you're just reading a current situation into some rocks or pieces of paper and forcing yourself to see something that maybe you don't want to, or another way of looking at a problem.    It was fucking exhausting.  I shook like a goddamn aspen leaf for a good two hours after this.  I put all the cards back in their box, the runes in their bag, rang the bell again and recited the Law and all i wanted to do was hit the pillows again and sleep for a week. I still had to drive the five hours back to Coos Bay, and i'm still dead tired now.  I can't sleep, though.  I'm overtired.    I'm going to get another deck, though, to see what i can see.  I still have my runes.. and.. here's something else that's funny.. i've been through three sets since 1989. Not because they get worn out, but because one of them tends to escape.  it's always the same one, tyr.  Sounds dramatic and all, but it represents the warrior energy.  Yeah. That one always just runs away.  So i've had three sets and that one disappears, so each time, i've gotten a new set.  The set i have now is missing it.  However, i have it tattooed on my hand.  I got it when i got out of rehab.  I'm going to make a new set, and maybe i'll be able to keep that one.   Things are weird.  The spirits are afoot. The rational part of me says it's all coincidence.  The Catholic in me says, "oh girl, but don't you just sin all over the place.. tsk tsk tsk" but the piece of me that believes there is a divine will, and it's a very small piece, peeps up and gleefully cackles "told ya so!".    for shits and giggles, when i pulled a card for myself that morning, mine was "Forgiveness" and i went, WTF?! I've already been through all that. Even the frustration i feel at my stepmom, i just move on with it.  I just figured i've been so eaten up over the last year about the towers, the planes, everything, maybe i just need to give it a rest.  That's what the Forgiveness card says.    Earlier, the first rune i pulled out of the bag was the blank one. For Odin, and the Unknowable. The first rune i pull in 8 years and it's that one. A symbolic death.  Ralph Blum's "Book of Runes" says about it, "Relinquishing control is the ultimate challenge for the Spiritual Warrior". (kinda flimflammy..) But what rune always escapes my bag? the warrior spirit. WHY???!   the stone is the path of karma. I'm progressing in whatever my aims are.   And one more thing.. before LD asked me to read her Angel deck, i was heading upstairs.  About halfway, i had one of those thoughts pop into my head, one that pushes everything else aside and says Pay Attention, Fool.  "Bright Angel".  So i stopped and thought it a couple of times, and it completed itself with "bright angel falling".  That was it.  Why's this so damn weird to me? Aside from the Angel deck thing, we'd all spent large amounts of time in Arizona. The psychic and the other lady had come up from AZ. LD lived there for several years.  LM had visited more than a few times. D lived there with LD.  I lived there five years.   Arizona is the home of   Bright Angel Trail .  Make of it all what you will.  I'm still sorting it all out.