           Syolstice     Elleelle   (sorry, danielle, i sometimes think i'll never, ever, ever get that right, now matter how hard i try) has a link to the Syolstice page and sometimes i go in and peer at it and stuff.  It always takes me just a bit to get into the groove she holds there, but i dig it.  I hope the point-blog-blog-this linkie thing worked, because it goes right to a comment she made on 8/11 about "Straight chicks is a trip".  hehehe.  Hehehehe.    Man, Chicks is a trip.  Enda that.  That coming from a straight chick... my own gender is so totally alien to me sometimes i just don't know what to think about it all.  I just kinda stand back, smile, nod, "okaaay".  Nothin negative.  Stuff is just a trip.  Stuff, in general.  I have kaleidescope eyes or something.  Or maybe ears.  Or maybe just a skip in my record.    Actually, my entire race (that'd be the human one, thanks) sometimes completely baffles me.  I understand HOW people  are  but i don't understand why.  Oh well, in rehab they told us WHY? is one of those questions you can never get a satisfactory answer for, because the answer is never what you want to hear.    So maybe the fact that i always find myself pondering the blogs of other women is that i'm trying to figure us out.  I don't give a shit what color or preference they are, just that there are chicks out there doing it and sometimes i get a flash of understanding.  And, yknow, i can crawl out of my hole of bafflement for a second or two and think, "ok.. well, there's something i understand".  The joke amongst some of my friends is that i have a cold, little piece of granite for a heart.  I like to say i lost my soul somewhere and it just didn't feel there was any reason to come back.     I left my heart in San Francisco and my brain in Los Angeles.  My heart just made me bitter, my brain just made me dangerous   So they joke about this with me, and how cold i seem to be, and frankly, it's a sort of self-preservation effort.  If i let myself get drawn into other people's problems, i get drained of all my own energy, and that dumps me into a terrible state of mind.  So, i have certain levels of, er, well, intimacy with people, i guess.  People can tell me all the problems they want to, and i just have to let them go in one ear and out the other.  Nod. Smile. Because if i start offering things up, like possible ways out of a situation, i'm getting more involved than i can mentally/emotionally handle.  It's enough to keep my own head above water.    And this is where the cold-hearted april joke came from.  Tammi once said it straight up to me "You're a cold person". hmm. I nodded.  My friends only know the things i allow them to.  Sometimes that drives me nuts, because i'm not one to go unloading my shit on my friends.  But it has to go somewhere.  I try to put it all in my playing, but a lot of it needs to be verbal, i guess.  It's not enough to answer "is everything alright?" with "NYAAAAAARRGHHHHHH FUCKIT!".  that just invites people to start prodding, which pisses me off.  So, i'm F.I.N.E.  Fucked up, insecure, emotional and neurotic. i'm FINE dammit.  Fuck off.  (please give me a hug).