         Today was spectacular.  We had the regatta.  i was afraid no one would show up, but we had five other boats or so show up.  It was rather tough, further than i figured it to be, and took a bit longer than i calculated at first.  The other boats kinda ended up stopping about 3/4 of the way up (and 3 of them laid in wait for us in the canoe with Supersoakers..) .  Everyone had a blast and was happy they did it, even though Lori and I were the only ones to complete it.  No biggie.  It was meant to be a fun thing.  I wanted to do the race bit as a sort of confidence builder for myself.  I'm not a particularly athletic person, but i found kayaking and canoeing to be right up my alley and had something to prove to myself, i guess.    So, my arms feel like they are gonna fall off, i'm sunburned (even with sunblock), my lats are screaming, my belly aches, and my ankles are upset too over the fall down the stairs in my soopaflops.  (flipflops with 2.5 inch platforms... guh).  But i feel good, because it was one HARD race, even in the canoe.  When we hit the shallows it got difficult to paddle and make progress, at one point we grounded it was so shallow.  The way back was against the tide, and that was hard enough, but we had the wind against us, too.    We passed everyone else fairly early with a minimum of effort and soon they were out of our sight.  Coming back, we first ran into Mary and Francois in the paddle boat.  We were surprised they got as far as they did.. but they were having a grand time.  Then the Mayor was steaming upriver in his motorboat with Dale, Charlie, and a few other people on board.  they ended up towing the rest of the racers back.    So, yeah, it went really great, and everyone had fun, and i'm hoping before winter sets in we can get out and just hang out on the river for a couple of hours one sunday afternoon.  EVERYONE thanked me for putting the regatta together, and so i had a double whammy feel good moment.  1, i pushed myself further than i had before and succeeded in finishing. 2, i had no idea anyone would show up, like i said, so to see a bunch of people waiting was great!   The paddle i decorated as the prize will remain at the tavern. it has the winners names on it and everyone else signed it.    It was hot as shit up there, today, too.. the thermometer on the shady wall outside said 100 at noon.  I think its 10 degrees high, though, because it sure didn't feel like 100 to me.  Dale had a good time too, even though he was worn out from working all night and being up most of the day, out in the sun.  he'd never hung out with anyone up there and ended up with two of the bigger weirdos, the mayor and Charlie. The mayor isn't REALLY the mayor.  we just call him that.  Hizzoner Pancake.  Dale also got to watch the NASCAR race at Watkins Glen, so he was happy, and he got a bunch of pictures, too.    A terrific summer sunday.  If no other day for the rest of the summer is as nice, it'll be ok, because today really made up for it.    It was the inaugural race for the Allegany Yacht Club (har har!) and we are hoping to be able to do a couple of paddle 'n' picnic floats here before the rain starts.    Then, when the river gets wild, imonna borrow a friends kayak and take it out for a few hours.   Elle , move to the west coast.  :)  That;s right, pack it all up and head west.  I did it a couple of times, but went east, and always came back to the west coast.