         i often forget how many people i actually know around here, until a name comes up or something.  My ears are always open, though, to anyone talking about my band.. yknow, if they like us, what they think of us, what they don't like, blah blah blah, because i take all this information i've gleaned from other bands who've been around town here for ages, and i take the bits i hear from individuals who've recorded around here, and i listen to people who play when they talk to me, and i take all this info and file it away, because its shown itself to be extremely useful since March.  It's easier, and less painful, to learn from OTHER people's mistakes than it is to learn from your own.    So, today i went out, dropped the tape off at the clinic, then decided to stop in and see Hoover at her office.  Hoover is the drummer for another band that hasn't played much lately, and she was married to another drummer (what i wrote "get the hell off my porch or i'm calling the cops" about). Over the five years i've known her, every time our conversation turned to music, my ears went up and my nose twitched, and i paid attention.  She knows a lot of other musicians in town, more than i do.  Turns out that there were quite a few of these guys at the Sunday gig, and i just didn't see them or whatever, because i was actually pretty focused on playing.  One of them, a guy who i really dig- i dig his style and stuff- was there, and mentioned to Hoove that he though he could offer us some direction.  I.E. Booking.  Hoove told him to talk to me, but i told hoove it's the whole bands' responsibility since the BS with booking the run this summer. Since i don't know how to get ahold of this guy, i let her handle it and once i got to talk to him, or the band got to talk to him (we know where he regularly plays) we'd see what we could see.  As a four piece with a soundman we pay (yes.  even though Dale is my husband, we will still pay him for easing our load, which is what he does. it was so nice to NOT have to worry about how we sounded while he was doing the board), we don't end up with enough to pay someone to book us, which is why we do the work ourselves.  if this guy booked us into place that paid twice our usual, then, hey, yeah, we'd probably pay him for his trouble.    So, there is that.  While i was talking to Hoove, SH showed up (i'm using initials and nicknames because these people could actually get in trouble for anything i say here).  SH is an ad rep, one of my best friends.  We hooked up and started talking, after i berated her for not being there on Sunday.  Turns out she needs a band for the company picnic. She took me out for some grub, and thats when this was presented.  She asks me, "You know any bands that'll play for the company christmas party?"  I look dumbly at her. "How much is budgeted for entertainment?"  "$XXX".  "SH, girl, I dunno how you can sit there and ask me if i know any bands who'll play for a company party for $300. Let me get you a CD.  If anyone at the paper has any questions, you tell them to talk to GL on the CoC about us. "  So we talked about what kind of music we play and stuff like that, i got the dates, the price, the venue, and i'll be bringing it up with the band tomorrow, probably. i just thought it was funny that, after i good-naturedly tell at her about not showing up on Sunday, she asks who i know that would play this gig.    There is the question of the somewhat nasty emails i've fired off to her place of employment, but i think that can be glossed over fairly easily.  they couldn't be bothered to take notice of any local talent before, and now we're going to be right there under their noses.   _______  been reading The Grapes of Wrath.  I never got to read it before.  I think when we were reading Steinbeck, in school, i was reading Crowley. *rofl*