         Saturday, we had a sort of gathering up the river.  a ladies meetin, of a sort.  It was a full moon, and the equinox, so it was focused on Hecate.  I read cards, and i'm not all that good at cards, and read runes, and marked the new runes.  I'm pretty good with runes.    We did this for Mary, because she's been in need of a lot of energy lately.  There were five of us all together, and my bits of thelemic/crowley-an teachings always drop numerologic symbology into everything. EVERYTHING.  It isn't even anything i can control.  Even funnier is i'm not a math person, but i see two digits and i'll add them up in my head and boink... "X is the number of, and with this astronomical phenomenon, and this card right here, you might be looking at... " So, i can get very confused sometimes when i'm doing this kind of thing, as i have the core teachings of 7 or 8 paths residing in my head.    We were having a goddess ritual... and here i was outside sacrifing beer to Odin (his rune came up more than once, and for Mary..) In fact, i got a ton of harvest/fertility/turning readings for her, including her personal card for the night.  Even when she wasn't there... Outwardly, yeah, she's got a big change coming, and we all knew it, but the purpose was to give her the energy to make that change intact.  All mine was gone by the end of the night, i'll tell you what. So, i do hope it went to her, because i was totally drained before we were three hours into this.    And i had a really strong sense of impending doom, was jittery and anxious, for a good week before this, and that thursday it got really, really bad.  It was carrying over to the people around me.  Mabh said it was because the moon went into pisces on Thursday night.  good enough for me... But the sense was still there saturday night, and i just figured it was all bout the gig on sunday.   Here's when it went away...  I had borrowed Tams car to get up there, an S10 truck.  Told her i'd take care of it and bring it back intact... etc.... Bringing Lori home, i was coming around a 25mph corner (doing the speed limit, because you never, ever, ever take the allegany road for granted...) and looming in my headlights- i mean i barely had the time to react- was a bovine.  I don't know if it was a bull or a cow, but it was big, it was red, and the fucker was right in my side of the road.  Here i made a split second decision- hit the thing full on and total the truck, or swerve and risk swerving too much and going over the side.  I swerved... hit the brake and kicked off to the left just a bit, and tagged it anyway.  If it had been in my truck, i would have destroyed my front right quarter panel (which has already been destroyed).  Luckily, Tams truck is lower, and in clipping it, i think i hit the shoulder. When i got lori home, we looked, and all i saw right off was that the front turn signal got mooshed.  The next day when tam came to get her truck, she was worried something had happened (after dreaming all was okay! my mom always said i was a psychic, and i spew my weird energy off to people far away)  and i had to tell her what happened.  She was upset first off, but then she was cool with it.  Nick was looking over the truck and said 'oooh yeah it was a red cow' .. on the side of the bed, where the tiedowns are, some red fur, and another dent.  No blood, though.. so i'm guessing the bovine just got stunned, and i really hope its okay.   I've only hit an animal once before, a squirrel, and i still feel terrible about that.    Then, Sunday... this is  good   They had come to get the truck sunday, and i was up really early.. unusualluy so... like, 8:30... so we arranged to go down and run through a few of our songs before the show.  We practiced til 11:30, i ran to get dale, came back.  Jeff had everything ready to load up, we loaded up and headed down.  Got there at 12:30.  The last band was just getting off stage.. they got kicked off, apparently.  Not quite what the committee had asked for.  Quite not, actually.   Looking around, i knew a lot of people there.  I knew some of the guys in the band we were following.  We set up, soundchecked, and had 15 minutes to stand around before we went on.    Everything went incredibly smoothly.  People loved us.  When Jeff did his drum solo, he did his barehand thing and hit his crash cymbal, and CRASH! It broke off the stand, flipped in the air twice, and landed on his lap.  End of solo.    Geno said he really enjoyed us and that he'd like to work with us again in the future... good things.  Yes, very good things.    The people who know us, and the ones who have seen my go from only knowing one or two songs and stuff, 6 years ago, just foamed about us.  It felt really, really good.