          Confession:   I often have no idea what i'm doing.  I get by on pure bullshit.  Amazing.  Not, like, lying on resumes and wotnot... Just having only the slightest clue sometimes and then going for it anyway.    Which vastly overdue bill to pay first? Power bill? Water bill? Les Schwab bill? Garbage bill? Student loan is covered.. at least.. Internet bill? Maybe buy food? Nah, who needs food... Rent check for october covered, barely.    This sucks shark eggs.  Both of us working, too. Well, i'll scrounge up more work i guess.  Begging doesn't seem to have helped much in scaring it up with my regular job.  All this and we're looking at buying a house? Life is weird...   oh yeah... the house... our #1 pick is a choice little beastie.. and i spent a couple of hours talking to the realtor tonight.  Cool guy.  Place is about 5 minutes out of "town".  almost 5 acres on a salmon creek.  quite a bit smaller than where we are now, but, hey, it'd be ours.   hrm..   pros- salmon creek, deck, patch o land, ours, well water, near woods and golf course, less than 70K. payments cheaper than rent, i'm guessing about $200 less than rent.  Wildly guessing.  cons- 1 bedroom. no garage, baseboard heat.    haven't gone out and looked at it yet, though.  Ron says to do so, and get my W2s into WAMU and get back with him.  Exciting indeed! Everyone says he's a great agent.. a no BS guy.  My kinda agent.  I want no BS.   Found my old runes today.  Pulled them out of the bag and what did i pull first? The one that  ran away  several years ago. sweartagawd.  Caught LL as she was leaving and showed them to her, and in pulling a handful out with the crystals, felt my feet tingle.  Tingled all the way up to the top of my head.  Good thing :) I've missed them.  They've missed me.  They're going to be retired though, sadly, and a new set is in the making. I'll keep the old ones, but can't really use them because they aren't a complete set anymore.    Mary adores them.  She wants a set.  She wants the Ralph Blum book i got with my first set, too.  Which will be fun to find, since he's released a second edition with the simpering babbly name of "the healing runes".  have to find the first edition for her.  The newest one is all coo-cooey and like talking to a hardcore member of CoDA. (no thanks... gimme my "viking runes" please)