         My mom tells me...  that when i was wee, she could never get me to stay in bed.  So, her way of remedying this was to let me run myself til i dropped, literally, somewhere in the house.  then she'd pick me up and put me in bed.  It got easier as i got older, the getting me to go to bed thing, but not much.  Even as a teenager, i'd mope off to my room and just lay there for hours reading or listening to the radio or doing some stuff or whatever when i was supposed to be sleeping  I wasn't really afraid of the dark.  I think i was more afraid of the sleep.  I recall extremely vivid and terrifying nightmares, and i still have them.  I talk in my sleep, kick, flail around, turn myself into a blanket burrito.  When i was younger, and i finally managed to sleep, i'd wake up in the middle of the night facing the wrong way in bed, or on the floor, or crammed against the wall.  I still tend to run and run and run until i just drop.  I don't really like going to sleep.  I like being asleep, i think.  But only when its that sleep that nothing wakes you from until your good and ready.   Pot helps.  A lot.  With being able to sleep, among other things.  if i didn't  like  downers so much, i'd willingly take them to sleep.  But one of those is too many, and a thousand is never enough.  Valium makes me eat and eat and eat and eat.  That tylenol PM stuff.. i've used those a few times, but i get a sort of hangover from even the recommended dosage of them that i don't like.  Uh, i do know that it's a bad idea to drink even one beer and take one of those and try to drive anywhere.   ***  Dale and i looked through the real estate magazine and found a few that looked interesting.  It's exciting.  Our very own house! We also need a second car, or the bike running.. this one car thing is getting hard.  I'd want to buy him a new helmet too, when he gets his bike running.   ***  Last nights jam really was great.    ***  This is what *i* want in a house.  Dale has different wants, but essentially i think we want kinda the same thing.  A sort of wish list- 3 bedrooms.  A bit of land- space to try to grow things a dishwasher a washer and dryer a garage OR a basement.. or BOTH!  A shop for Dale  not too much to ask.