         terribly sorry for el silencio the past couple of days.  It's been... well, one of  those  weeks.    Tonight was the Wedensaday (ok, sorry for mispellings... 7 pounders of Red Hook will do this to you.. .blearg) night jam at the tavern.  For some reason, we all played with an unbridled passion and joy, heretofore unheard of since this time last year.    Started out with Spank Spike and the Nubtones, which is the usual crew of suspects... Me, Nubs, Spike, Bihner, and woody. Spike, the drummer, was late, so i was glad i brought Jeef (ML drummer, and drinkin buddy extra-ordinaire), because he did the drumming for the first few songs we did.  Then, we took a break and got safe.. because we tend to be dangerous... and stuff... then i sat down, because i was really whooped... and read through the current house-for-sale listings book... cos dale and  i pre-qualed for a nice size home loan.  then, Bev and Jerry (Brick Pig Family Blues Band, or at least 2/3 of it) arrived, and i played some drums to "red house". That was cool.  weeeeeee. i do love pl;aying drums...  hey man, not knowing how to do something never stopped me from doing it in the past.. ok? i'm a bass player, not a drummer...  ok so B&J played for about an hour, and rocked the house with the fabbalus blues they do.  Then Jerry said he  needed some audience participation for the next song, he needed some "ooh oohs".  As in, they were gonna do "sympathy for the devil" (how fitting).  I'm all over THAT. so we did that.. and at the end, after i had snuck in various other bits beside the "ooh oohs", when the original song has all the yows and whats my names... i wanted to sing but didn't knwo what, so i followed the bass line and just sang "dit diddly dit dit dit dit dittly dit doooo" kinda shit.. and, fuck, it ROCKED, ok?!!!! it freakin fuckin fe-doodlie-ooh-doo rocked.. pictures will be forthcoming, i think, and you will laugh, becuase i had no instrument to play.. all i had was a wood canoe paddle and a pen, so i was wackin the padle with the pen goin "doo didddly doo doo de doo doo what's my name" and shit...  so, after 7 red hooks, i'm like fuckin primed.. ready to go... I get to do some songs, and here comes Dave Carillo to do some jammin on bass.. no prob... i stood off and did some tamborine solos and maracas bits and shit.. Larry Eusted was there and that was fantastic because we never see him THAT far up the river... he plays acoustic usually...  but we did "Diane" and everyone fuckin freaked because we were finally able to do it while there was a bar full of people... and all those people were all "damn, april, how come you never sing?!" and the truth of the matter is that, hur hur hur, i can't really sing all that well... just on that one song, and sympathy for the devil.    I'm rambling. I'm fucked up.  gimme a break   So, for a few hours, it wasn't 9/11... it was sex, drugs and rock n roll, islamofascists be damned..   I'll tell ya what.  If Sharia was ever implemented in the US, if they ever got what they wanted, i'd be out there rockin, cos FUCK THAT. Take my bass and my music from my cold ass dead hands...   So i took the "dollar-a-sniff" pen and scribbled all our names on the ceiling with todays date, and "sex drugs and rock n roll" as my own, personal, heretofore immortal protest against religious oppression and blah blah  blah.    and the necessary    reference   to what is, i think, the spirit of the US... i mean, regardless of what happened in the past, this is what i think defines us, still, over 200 years after the fact.  the big old FLIP OFF to those who dare trespass.      You probably know the story.  Rock is rebellion.  Get out of our way.  Music is straight from the soul.  A gift of the Creator.  We play because we have to, we've been given something that makes people groove, and dance, and be happy, and forget for a few hours the troubles of the day.. and we forgot... believe me, we forgot, and it felt so goddamn good.. i may have to go change my fuckin pants, kay? Dig.. and SHIT...  On top of it being the day it was.... it is also the a sort of celebration of the last year.  My friend Mary has run the tavern for the last year, and made a valiant effort of it... but she's giving it up at the end of the month.  The tavern is the first place i ever felt completely welcome... where noone ever questioned my motives, or why i might choose to do what i do.. in fact, they loved the oddball-ness Mary, Francois and I gave the place, and that made me feel really, really good, because i never had those kinds of feelings before.. no one... or, at least, no GROUP of people, has ever whole-heartedly embraced me as a family member as the people up the river have, and i'm eternally grateful for all the support and humor and love and unconditional understanding they gave up for us.    It has, without a doubt, been a year to remember.  I;m honored to be part of it.    So,   Mary, Francois, Nubs, Spike, Bihner, Woody, Terry, Sandy, Lora Lee, Neil, Bob, Kim, Jerry, Patrick, Polaris, Tom, Loretta, Bev, Jerry, Jeef, Tammi, Nick, Tammy, Howard E 1, Howard E 2, Fluff, Goose, AJ, Freya, Larry, the B-ball kids, Chuck, Pam, Al, Lori M, Lori B, Charly M, Steve, Tonya, the Floaters, Dave C., Carla, Ron, Uncle Jim, Mike K, Sharon K   and anyone else who i may have left out, i just wanna say...  Thanks for a spectacular year.  Even in the depths of my despair and bio-chemically induced frenzies, you guys were the part of what kept me going.  No doubt. Truth.  Thanks for more than i can even begin to list.  I doubt any of you realize that you've managed to help pull down years and years worth of self-doubt.  You folks never once resorted to maudlin sentimentalism.. were never less than straight up honest, were always there to laugh with me, even when all i wanted to do was cry.  It's another world.. and one i'll probably not forget any time soon.  The river folk were the ones who loved me before ML came together, and the ones who pushed me, musically, far past the point i ever thought i would go to.    *sob*  I'll miss y'all for the time the tavern is closed, but, S.S & the NT will be back... and we'll keep surprising you, and you better wear iron socks, cos we're gonna knock them right the fuck off.. no matter who we play with..   RAAAAAAAAAWK!