           frontline: faith and doubt at ground zero: transcripts | PBS   I was happy to see this.  Yknow, it goes on since then, that there were all these victims, and, i think by collectively relegating all those people into one word makes it easier to discount them.  Which i think is why we tend to just call it 9/11.  It's a sort of easy way to deal with and get over the collective terror of the day.  It wasn't one event, although it was one day.  It wasn't a big group, it was thousands of individual people. It was myriad little bits of coincidence, bad timing, good timing, planning, chaos.. all of this, killed all of them.   Those people had names.  That great, huge collection of victims was made up of individual people.    I liked the "Faith and Doubt at Ground Zero" transcript because it addresses a lot of what people feel.  It reminds us that those thousands had names, family, etc.  And i think anyone who says the US deserved it, i think they should have gone to ground zero, and seen what we "deserved".  I certainly don't think any of those people "deserved" it, and they were us, in the sense that they were like everyone else in the US that day, going to work or whatever, maybe planning lunch with friends or a weekend away from the kids or a vacation somewhere green and beautiful and cool.    One of my friends, when i go out with her, tells people i had family on one of the planes, and i wish she wouldn't, because it immediately sets me aside and turns me into something that draws pity.  It immediately makes other people uncomfortable and unsure how to talk to me or whatever.  And all i really want is to enjoy this bottle of Porter or whatever in front of me. I don't really want to think about all of it.  because since that day, that terribly bright shiny day when everything turned black, i've thought about it almost every hour of every day, and i've distilled a sort of rage into a little pinpoint of anger, instead of an all-consuming screaming hatred.  So, no, i don't really want to think about it anymore.  I'm out having a beer because i want a couple of hours where i don't have to dwell on it.   yknow, a kid from here was killed in Afghanistan.  I believe he came home in his box in January? Not sure.  I wonder if his parents friends introduce them to people as "Their son came home with a flag over his body".  it isn't really any different.   I don't understand.  I can't tell people i know how they feel about something, because i probably don't, unless i've had the exact same experience.  I don't understand how George and Diane's kids feel about what happened.  It's beyond my ken, as it used to be said. I don't understand how the families of people killed in the towers feel, either.  I just know how i feel, and that's simply a vague sense of losing something that had the same DNA, sharpened by the little knife of anger that i'll never get to spend time with those people, and how utterly unfuckingfair it all is.