         the other night, i had a dream.  a strange one.  i think i only remember my dreams if there is something in them i need to learn from, and i have bits of dreams in my head that i remember from years ago, still there, waiting for me to figure out what's been said.  I now have someone who is very good at interpreting dreams as a friend.  So, when i had this dream, a couple of days later i sent her a short synopsis of it,    In this dream i just remember feeling it necessary to find something.  I searched everywhere for it.  My house wasn't in the dream or anywhere else that was familiar.  At one point, i opened a door and saw a room full of thousands of raw chicken eggs.  In one of those eggs was what i needed to find.  And i had to break them open one at a time.  I don't think i found what i was looking for. I remember in the dream thinking to myself as i started frantically breaking eggs, "Holy Shit, i'm gonna be doing this until i die". A disturbing sentiment.  I wish i could remember what i was looking for.  A piece of jewelry or some trinket of some kind, i think.   It was disturbing to wake up to, because that was the only piece of it i could remember, and there was an urgency about the dream itself that bothered me.  i took a couple of hours to remember it, too.  At first, i just remembered there were eggs.  Then i remembered how vividly colored the yolks were and the sounds of them cracking.  Then the door and the feeling of needing to find something.  That's usually how i remember them, they rarely all come at once.  But this is what she said about it.   I find your dream interesting, especially at your age. You are beginning to consciencely understand what your unconscience has been knowing for some time, that you are searching for the complete and true "self". The door you spoke of symbolizes the opening of the conscience mind to the inner you. The eggs you describe (I find truly  Freudian you use the word "raw") are indeed all the complete "goddesses"  you will live out through your life. The "raw" you. But among those is the "one true self". The one you need to find. The true complete egg that is your wild woman, your complete self. The ancients have always described the egg as a symbol of the completeness of the self. It is complete in it's shell. You go rooster! Good dream and very important. Your unconscious has sent you a power sign that you are on the right path.   we are both of the belief that dreaming is the only time the subconcious can talk to us, in symbols. She's more versed in Jungian psychology than i am, but i know enough to understand about his archetypes and things.    Every year i do feel a little closer to "finding myself".  With the music over the last few years, it's really accelerated.  There's a comfort i didn't have before, a sort of purpose.  Of course, having a husband who loves me in spite of all my quirks has a lot to do with it, too.  But it doesn't solve my questions. Only makes it easier to pursue the answers.   oh.. I'm the rooster.  In Chinese astrology, i'm an Earth Rooster.    Cock a doodle do!   have a good halloween and a satisfying samhain, everyone.