         i don't know whats going on in my band when i'm not around, but its pissing me off.  Two people seem to throw up all manner of barriers to anything the other two might suggest.  We book gigs, they bitch about them.  We have ideas, they shoot them down.    the thing with the booking still goes on.. neither of them do anything to further our getting our name out, but they feel they have every right to bitch about it when people come to us and want us to play.  They don't do any work for the band.  One, in particular, is really bad about it.    I see this as something of a generational problem, actually.  The two i'm complaining about have this sense of entitlement, the sense that if all they do is the bare minimum, everything else will be handed to them.  Both of them are under 30.  the remainder of the band are both over 30.  I'm not sure how else to put it.  An inflated sense of self-worth, or something.    So, we have practice tonight.  I've decided i've wasted plenty of time putting up with petty bullshit. We practice at 7.  I have stuff i have to do.  If we don't start by 7:30, i'm just going home.  I no longer try planning things around practice, since practice gets moved around, depending on how someone "feels".  I make plans and if no one can work around them, tough shit, but i've worked around the primadonna crap for three months and its getting fucking old.    I've already gotten worked over once for trying to book for us.  It's about to happen again.  There will be no third time.  Someone wanted a halloween gig.  well, halloween is on a thursday this year, and god forbid we play a weekday show, because lil wimpy has to work the next day (oh, but its fine for me to stand around and wait two hours for him to decide he wants to play at practice).  So i got one, for the weekend before.  What do i get for it? Grumbling and bitching.    I've made enough concessions to the spineless. Someone can bow to me for once.   Don't want to play in bars? Book gigs somewhere else.  Yknow, its not like i have nothing going on in my life that i can run back and forth appeasing these people while trying to get somewhere for us to play.  I have a job, too.  I have a husband.  We're trying to buy a house.  My house is a mess.  We need a second car.  I need better equipment.  I feel like i'm neglecting Dale.    This is hard to type, because i'm tryin not to sound like the asshole that they've, once again, made me out to be, but i'm pretty fucking pissed right now.