           VH1.com : Artists : A-Z : Crime & the City Solution : Biography   aaah. actually, i'm surprised to find them here, of all places, on VHI.  They got ZERO airplay in the states, that i can remember, at least in LA.  I only found them because one day in the LA Calendar there was a blurb about them, because they were coming to town.  Looked interesting.  So i went out and bought the Bride Ship album, which totally rocked my world.  Still does.  man o man.  Must have been the year i was going in as a junior, because by then, music had become the only i gave a single shit about.   _____  Hmm. Yes.  Music being the only thing i gave a shit about.  I would drive my friends nuts.  they would haul out their records and i'd always have a stack of blanks.  They would sit and BS with each other and drink, and i would be glued to the stereo, just pounding beer after beer.  I often got so caught up in the sounds i never bothered paying attention to them.  I once listened to Bauhaus' "In the Flat Field" on acid in a completely dark room, with only the red light of the stereo for visual stimulation.  It was gone, so gone.    This is where the synesthesia plays out.  My friends all enjoyed the utterly visual aspects of LSD, but i was always planted in front of the stereo, and my mind wandered the fields, stairways, skies, plains, mansions of the notes.  Being in the black, dark room was the best trip, i thought, as long as there was some kind of great music playing.  How many times i've listened to the Moody Blues "Search for the Lost Chord", sober and high, and all the places it took me, all the things i saw.    The very first time i took acid, i asked what it was like, and my friends all said, "oh, its neato... (blah blah blah) see the sounds and stuff".  And i said, Hey now, wait a sec... see the sounds? That's a big deal to you guys? And they looked at me like i was some kinda nut... because for them it WAS a big deal, but for me, its an everyday occurence.  And its difficult to explain, because everyday sounds aren't as pronounced as music, of any kind, is. Every day sounds have muted shades, perhaps because i hear them so much.  Some of the sounds drive me completely up the wall, because they're colors i simply dislike (hm. like yellow.  Shades of yellow.  And some oranges.  I don't much like the "hot" colors, or the sounds associated with them). I never much liked listening to Spanish because its sounds are in the yellows, golds, oranges, etc.  It sort of hurts my brain.  Spanish music, on the other hand, the Mariachi, Flamenco, Tejano and Norteno stuff, i tend to enjoy, because the vocal sounds, those awful hot colors, are muted by darker reds and purples, and the threads in them are fluid and pull it all together in a way i can stand to listen to the bits i don't appreciate.  Well, Flamenco has no vocals, of course, so i'm all over that... and its mostly arpeggiated chords and fingerpicking, so each note and its colors and shades make a nice weaving.  Sometimes they bleed into each other.  The notes ARE the weaving threads.    This is frustrating.  Its difficult to explain how things are with it.  Like explaining a sound to a deaf person.  because people who don't have the experience, or never have induced it chemically, don't get it.  They laugh. They cock an eyebrow at me.  They nod and say, "ok, yeah".    I think i met another synesthete recently.  I think Sandy is one.  The way she cooks, and how she described the whole cooking process, makes me think she's got her taste/shape/color wiring all screwy.    Which brings me to dinner at the Bihner house last week.. FABULOUS.  Dale and i had a great time.  She was one of the people involved in the equinox night with mary, Laura Lee, Lori and me.  ANyway, the night before this, i had cooked my fabulous San Pedro chicken for Tammi, Nick, jeff, Dale, etc at Tammis house.  We got to Sandy and Jeff's house the next night, and she's cooked up something VERY similar... All these weird little connections we have.  Must spend more time up there with her and LL.  I can learn a great deal from both of them and i shouldn't be afraid to, if you get THAT at all.    the previous friday and saturday, tammi and i and steven (tams bro) took off the Powers for the night.  We had gone with the intention of finding a coat of mine, which i think is there, that was stolen out of my truck one night.  Very unique coat.  If any of my friends see someone wearing it, that person is going to be minus a coat.  I want it back in one piece, of course, but its okay if there are blood stains on it.   So, we went down there, but the coat was not to be found.  Instead, karma was pushing weird things around in front of us.  There was the man who tammis mom had married, who used to beat her, who had hit tammmi at least once.  Tammi finally got her mom to divorce him, but not until he'd pretty much wrecked the ranch.    So, this guy was there.  And we had much, much, MUCH fun messing with him.  STeven wanted to pound the crap outta him. I don't blame him.  But he said something to him.. we call him the parasite.. and the parasite went off about steven dealing drugs off the ranch and shit.  i was right there, in my blue hair and camo pants and looking weird for Powers, and the dude was saying this shit, and i just had to say "Oh, but its ok to hit women".  And i just smiled at him.  That's all i said to him.  The rest of the night, i just stared at him.  Cos it makes people nervous as shit if you just STARE at them. Tammi said he was trolling for new victims.  He trolled me, before i said that about the women.    But he was one of those BACs... born agains.. probably the most irritating christian of the bunch.  And yet it was okay for him to hit his wife and her daughter.  After we ate some onion rings, i went outside, and i had always wanted to say this to him, or send him a postcard with it on it, or something, but i wrote in my greasy fingers on his window, "God hates you".  Because i'm an asshole.  But thats not half as bad as what tam and steve did, and i won't go into that.    Like i said, Steven wanted to pound on him.  First, stevens on parole.  we had to remind him he just got out and pounding on people is just a bad, bad, bad idea when you're on parole.  reminded him the guy is a nonperson, and not worth the emotional expenditure.  So then Casey took to playing pool and roundly beat his ass at pool a number of times.  Then, the bar closed, and we left.   Next morning, there's the parasite, sitting on a corner.  He lives out of his truck now. poor guy (please note dripping sarcasm- karma's the bitch on wheels).  We were on one side of the street, steven on the other, and parasite on the corner directly across from us.  We hear a ting! There's steven, chucking rocks at the parasite.    fun weekend.  No, really. I hope his sleep friday night was not very good. I doubt it was. tammi told all these dudes she knew at the bar who he was and what he did, and they had been talking to him prior to that.  So, Powers being the 2-block town that it is, i bet he's some kind of pariah now.  Most of those country people dislike men who hit women.