         ooh. i did have something marginally of interest to say today.  Normally, it doesn't take more than 15 minutes to get anywhere in town here.  I mean, one can go from Charleston to Eastside, and maybe that would take, oh, a half hour.  Today, there was STUFF happening.  It goes like this-  I decided i'd take some money i owe a friend.  She lives in Eastside, about ten minutes from our house.  Went to FL first, grabbed some caffeine.  Took off out of the albertsons lot, went left and headed toward Ocean blvd.  Ocean curves around and you can get a good speed up and its fun, and then it drops you into downtown Coos Bay onto Central ave.  Criminy.  About halfway down Ocean, there's a goddamn traffic jam.  Of all the.. we simply don't have those here.  I resigned myself to sitting in this and creeping along, wondering what was happening.  I toggled from the radio to the CD player and sang loudly to both, with the windows open.  We must entertain ourselves.  I finally get to where i can turn left onto Central, and see a bunch of cop cars, but no accident or anything.  *shrug*. So i toodle along down past BofA and onto.. what, 5th st i think. There are cops EVERYWHERE but.. all the engines are at the fire station there.  I finally wake the hell up about a block down 5th street and see a big cloud of smoke.  Jeez, it looked like beloved Salvation Army was on fire. Nooooo! Ok, its not SA... and its not the new Harley shop.. its Farwest Truck.  Farwest is a truck shop, full of neato stuff like fuel and oil and other things that burn and blow up.  But criminy, they have all the streets blocked off for three blocks any direction all around.  i didn't have my camera, so i didn't stop to take any pictures.  They would have been cool, though, because the ladder trucks were all out and they had their ladders up! And dudes up top with hoses! neato.  Anyway, another 10 minutes goes by as i try to figure out how the hell i'm gonna get to the 101 from 5th, because i've followed the nice little recently re-painted anti-traffic BS and ended up stuck on 5th.  Had to go ALLLLL The way down to Southwest Blvd (which has actually two or three names, depending on where you are on it) and come out by the pawn shop so i could get over the slough to Eastside.  Where, of course, i was stuck behind a yokel with in a gasping station wagon.  As i passed, i yelled for them to "get a godamn tune-up, will you?" and then was home free, and on the way to Lorettas.  Charlie was at the Roach.. er Coach House.  (i shouldn't say that. they have fine, FINE food... no, really.).  After i took loretta her money, i pondered stopping to bug Charlie for a bit, but decided to go on home instead.  This time i was smart and took the 101 all the way back home, but all the side streets were still blocked off and people were rubbernecking and it wasn't fun.  I did pass the El Conquistador, though. Neat boat.  Captain is possibly in a bit of trouble.  If you have a private vessell over a certain tonnage (300? I think..) you have to have a pilot come out and bring your boat over the bar and into the harbor in Coos Bay (not Charleston, for some reason).  That costs a shitload of money.  Anyway, this guy didn't do that.  And apparently, no one was at the Head watching the bar.  People are UP IN ARMS over this breach of "security".  We have a Coastie station here.  People are flipping out at the Coasties... but, hey, this guy didn't call the CG and mention he was bringing this boat into the bay, so, blame the dude, not the CG, fer pete's sake.  ooh.  i sound like a minnesotan or something FER PETE'S SAKE!