         was just reading through the lileks "backfence" column, and the board they have there.  one subject is bad smells.  i couldn't register to post for some reason, so here are some bad smells, and where they come from.   Number 1 on my list of bad smells is the tide flats here.  Ugh.  In the summer, to have a high tide in the early morning that retreats throughout the day until most of the flats are exposed, and there they sit and stink until the evening.  Oh. Ma. Gawd.  Its like having someone wave a diaper under your nose.  Over and over and over. Its only worse when there's a fog.  Because the fog seems to carry the smell its its foggy body.    Then there's the paper processing factory smell.  There used to be a paper plant in Gardner, about an hour north of here.  You had to go through Gardner to get further up the coast, where, i forget, past Reedsport i think.. whatever.  The smell was enough to take your breath away, and the little town of Gardner was almost literally across the highway.  There's a paper plant on the 5 on the way to Eugene, too..   Port of LA smell.  I don't know what this is.  Its a large conglomeration of smells.  Some parts of the port smell very petrochemichal.  Some parts reek of diesel dust.  Some parts smell like tidal flats, fish AND diesel fumes.  A large part of the smell is the refineries.  (For truly icky refinery smells, try Carson).  One road around the port, i believe its the Road to Nowhere, the Henry Ford Freeway, goes  through  the Arco refinery, or did, i don't know anymore.  But you'd be driving along, come alongside the refinery, and there would be, like  no air .  You'd squeak a few hitching breaths, hoping for some oxygen, but there wasn't any.  It was a scary smell, i guess.  Not even a smell, really.  A state of non-air.    Another local smell is the chip piles.  Sounds wonderful.. yes, it sounds like piles of hmm, buffalo chips or something, but it isn't, and actually, in small doses, it smells good.  The chip piles are at the docks in North Bend. They are towering piles of wood chips.  Fir and Cedar, i guess.  For some reason, when its cold out, those piles reek. Like straight Pine-Sol.  It burns your eyes to drive by them.    Now, for some good smells.  the chip piles are  a combination of good and bad.. so, nice segue, i guess.    Racing fuel.  Specifically the fuel used by the IMSA cars.  i dont know what this is... 105 octane or something, but i love the smell of it.  Just  remembering  the smell makes my heart pound.  Its vaguely sweet, very strong, pungent and not very burny smelling.    Dirt. Local dirt. The dirt in the woods.  i guess its loam.  The floor of the woods here is so packed with pine needles and moss that in some places, its springy.  and every footstep brings forth that wonderful damp piney smell.  It smells like mushrooms, like a blanket that was hung all day in a cedar tree.    Ocean.  This is weird, because there's only one ocean smell that smells really good.  i first experienced it in an incense by Airs, called, of all things, "ocean".  It smelled so good, i thought, i wonder what ocean this smells like?! Now i know.  Out by Empire there's a little spot called Fossil point.  At low tide, the good ocean smell sometimes emanates from here.  Some days, its the stinky tide flats smell, but others, oooh.  It's vaguely salty, and fresh but slightly musky.  If you're wondering, get some Airs "ocean" incense.    Really good pot has a smell all its own.  like oranges sort of. piney and orangey.    Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee has an unbeatable smell.  So does organic Kona. Having had both, i'm deeply disappointed by all other coffee now. Nothing comes close to either of those.  Kona reminds me of my friend John Porter, whom i still miss very, very much.  Maybe he'll google himself one day and find this.    New leather.  Nothing smells so good!   ok, i'm done.