         At the last meeting of the Wyrd Sisters of Allegany, the discussion was about things we wish we could bring back to life about ourselves, and things we would like to see in ourselves die.  We all had very similar things we would like back.  It boils down to "where did our passion go?" for life, for getting up every day- just things in general.  I personally feel as if at some point, it was beaten out of me by "Real Life".  I once wrote a poem in which i said i felt like all my sharpened edges had been rounded off and dulled.  So, 5 women, and we all felt like that.  Some days you get up and wonder how you can go any further, and its great that you can, but why bother.    As for things we wish would go away, the things we make an effort to rid ourselves of, that was all very different.  For me its my cynicism (perhaps that's where that passion went, it curdled and fermented into cynicism), my narcissism (which is funny, because i had a degree of selfishness, but after rehab, selfishness became something necessary).  No, perhaps narcissism isn't the word, because i don't think i'm "the shit".  it's straight up selfishness.  Solipsism.  I have to make an effort to put other people high up on my llist of important things.  This is hard when your married... the other has to have equal importance, and what they like, want and need has to be remembered and thought about.  I have a hard time with that.  I REALLY do.  I find myself apologizing a lot.  I hate that.  not the apologizing, but the doing things that need apologizing, without even thinking about it.  Sometimes i probably take Dale for granted.  That he will be with me forever.  I forget that if i fuck up, really bad, that may not be the case.    The thing with keeping this, this online journal, that differs from keeping a book, is that you can lose or throw the book away and forget everything that was in it.  But as long as i keep this, i have to own up to whatever i've said in it.    If i say in 2003 i'm going to try to be less selfish, Dale can call me on it whenever i slide, because he will have read it here.  Because i have zero self-discipline.  he knows it.  I know it.  Jeez, do i know it... to that extent he keeps me out of trouble.  But i'm capable of getting into all the trouble i can possibly imagine if i discount what he tells me.  I don't call him the Smart Half for nothing.  I recognize idiocy when i see it, because its familiar as a pair of old Levis.  hehe.  That's awful, innit? I have my bouts of idiocy.  I have days where all i can do is be an idiot.  But, i figure, sometimes you just NEED to do something really stupid to get through the day.    So, i was thinking since the 5 wyrd sisters so fervently wish we had the lust for life and passion we once had, that we should get together more often and do silly stuff.  Like fly kites.  Play with legos.  Play dressup.  have slumber parties.  Doing silly stuff is important.  We did not have miserable childhoods.  We just missed out a lot on being kids for one reason or another.  freaky parents, working parents, inattentive parents, catholic parents- that's what we all had.    We aren't all the same age, either.  I'm the youngest.  The age range of the wyrd sisters is 32 to 54 (i think...) .  So there's a wide generation range with different issues.  For me, it's like hanging out with a bunch of moms.  Maybe that's why i like it so much.  My mom is far away and i miss her.  She doesn't have the URL for this blog.  That would be weird.  Some ways i guess i'm still a rotten 13-year-old, i guess.    Ok.  There's my heart emptying for the year.  This probably happens as often as i wear a dress.