         haha!   My letter to the editor of The World was published!   This voting season, we had the opportunity to vote on funding SCINT (South Coast Interagency Narcotics Team).  Funding was going to be through an addition to the property tax. This additional funding had to come about because last year the people voted to make it illegal for law enforcement entities to seize and sell the assets of people accused of drug crimes.  Now, they can't take those things without the accused being convicted.  Which is how it should have been all along, because the old way was simply state-endorsed theft and sale of stolen goods.   Since they can't sell this stuff off now without a conviction, they are forced to actually do work for their funding, and get actual convictions.  This, hopefully, will give them the impetus to go after dealers, cookers and generally other people than the lowly addicts.  Not that i adore the addicts or anything.  Around here, the drug of choice is meth.  I won't even go into how much i hate meth or the people who use it.  Suffice it to say i wouldn't object if they were rounded up and shot, ok?  But, i digress.  I was talking about my letter.    So in the last few weeks there have been several letters wondering how in the world SCINT is going to fund itself now!? Oooh nooo! I think also if the community was involved at all, SCINT wouldn't have to work so hard, therefore would have to be funded less, but... whatever...  Something had been on my mind about SCINT and its funding "problem".  So i succinctly put it into one line and sent this off-   "Perhaps SCINT can take a cue from the chronically underfunded American public school system and hold a bake sale"   I went after them on two fronts, with one sentence.   1.  Much of the money that used to go to schools has been diverted, because of cuts, into law enforcement. The schools suffer, the law enforcement agencies stand around with their hands out, and kids go on unable to read at a reasonable level, unable to do long division by 10th grade, etc.  No education is a good starting point for someone who is going to end up using something like meth.    2. Enough whining, already.  The agencies that have suffered the longest as the police agencies have grown have gotten creative in how to get funding.  There is simply no reason SCINT should just have money handed to them.    People in this area are depressed.  Its not just the local economy.  There is a quality of despair you see in someone who used to make enough money to buy a house, support two kids and a wife and drive a decent car who is now reduced to working for $8/hour at the gas station.  Or has been looking for work for a year.  Or has had to sell everything they have to leave.    You see a new business start up somewhere.  You watch it, maybe go in and buy some stuff and talk to the owner.  They are ecstatic they have this opportunity, and chances are, they have one shot at making it work.  After a few months, the shop is gone.  It happens over and over.  They've probably bet the farm on being successful, and lost it.    The last thing any of them want to do is tack on another chunk of property tax.    So, yeah, let SCINT hold a bake sale.  Let them go door to door selling candy bars and citrus based cleaners.  Let them stand out front of Safeway with a bell and a pot.  They get no pity from me.