          A few months ago, my friend Lori got a canoe.  She was all stoked about it because we like to take my canoe out, but its huge to move around (16 ft or so).  She got one that was smaller.  She got a 12 foot "sport" canoe.    About a month ago, she took it out with someone who wasn't very good at canoeing... i.e. had never done it before.  She said it was really unstable and they ended up not staying out in it for a long time.  Mine is  unbelievably stable .  Tam had to stand up in it to flip it.    So we took Lori's canoe out today, to see if it was them, or if the canoe really was unstable.    It really is.  We went out together, and it wobbled and bobbled the whole time, so we took it back in.  I took it out alone, and it's a fucking hog. a 12 foot fiberglass water hog.  You get no pull on it. It reacts to your paddling so slow you wonder if you did any good. I can whip a canoe around in a circle pretty good, i must say, but this thing, jeez, it took probably 20 strokes to do a 360 in it.  Mine, at 4 feet longer, i can usually do a circle in about 5 strokes.  You give it a hard pull, and you go, like, 10 feet.    So we decided we didn't know what was up with it.  I can only think of two things: It's a child-size canoe (judging by the stern seat...which even my bony ass barely squeezed into), or its just totally a defective piece of shit.  We'lre leaning towards the total piece of shit theory, but she is going to see if she can take a friend up on an offer to trade it for a bigger one, and if he has problems with it, we'll know.    Its weird because proportionately, it seems ok, although maybe they could have shortened the angles at the ends and given more width in the belly of it, that might do the trick, but i'm not interested in customizing someone elses fiberglass thingie. It has a wide bottom with runners on it.  Real wide bottom, so i was really surprised at how unstable it was.    blah blah blah.  Here's a pic of me with the evil boy-scout canoe:       Its at Empire Lakes Park (now known as John Topits Park), and it's in my truck.  Thrilling, isn't it?   ____  apropos of nothing, did anyone see The Accomodator on Conan on Friday night? It was band practice night.  we were taking it  break.  it was on. we ALL almost soiled our drawers over it.