         well.  the gig at the Free Souls MC club went great.  In a rather funny way.   We aren't a well-known band around here. Mostly because there are certain places we will  not  play and we don't play every week.  We have a bunch of fans who REALLY like us, though, and they remember us when they stumble upon us again.    FSMC wants us back.    But anyway, jeef had complained a few times that people don't really get up and dance to our stuff.  We have some very danceable stuff, too, so its been torturing him.  It finally occured to me why this happens, and not just to us, but to other bands.  The audience is being passively entertained, like they're watching TV.  Ok.  Now that we know that, we can move on and figure out how to get them actively involved.  If i had a wireless system, i'd go out and boogie on the floor.    Another thing is that i think people are just plain old stunned by us.  Maybe that sounds arrogant, but you look out at people while we're playing, and their staring at us, gape-mouthed a lot of the time.  Stunned, i tell you.  Once we start seeing more return fans, i think this will change.  But, for now, people are still getting to know us, i think.  So, onward with the FSMC gig.. it went great! I'm not sure what they expected, but they were  very  happy with us.  Some of the people who have seen us before told us we keep getting better and better.  That's always good to hear.  They're listening, and letting us know how we're doing.  I'm all for it! Tell us when we suck and tell us when we're good!   We got some pictures and probably later, maybe tonight, i'll get them on the band page.    I decided my dream gig last night: At a hotel, where we could leave our stuff out overnight and it would be safe, where they gave each of us a room, and after we played, i could just roll into my room and  crash .  Cos that's how freakin tired i am after we play sometimes.  And you get all your energy drained by playing and talking to people, and at the end of the night, you turn and see  all this heavy-assed crap , like PA speakers and bass amps and guitar cabinets, and you have to somehow squeeze up the energy to haul that crap out and into the van & truck, then drive to where we practice, and haul it all out again.  Then drive home.  I tell ya, its usually around 4 am when i finally get to fall into bed after a show.  And i'm nearly useless the next day for it.  If Dale is home, he'll give me a backrub, which i ALWAYS need after i play, either that night (best) or the next morning.    The very worst thing is when you're coming up on a part of a song you know you always have a hard time with, and from where you are now, everything looks fine and you're heading into that part just right, on the right notes, etc, and GAAH! get an impossible itch on, like your neck or the middle of your back, or your hair ends up in your mouth.  Or, like what happened at the River Run, while i was singing my one song, a skeeter landed on my cheek and got a nice LONG dinner cos i couldn't get at it. By the way, the thing about dryer sheets really works.  After i got bit, i got a dryer sheet from someone and stuck it in my pocket.  had no more skeeter problems for the night.