         it's 2001, and the peace activists apply 60s logic, slogans and methods.  Anti-war activists use '40s era terms to call the other side names ("nazis").  I'm not going to quibble about language usage, but i just think calling Israel a Nazi state is the dumbest thing a person can do.  Dumb. As in lacking smarts.    Perhaps, in 50 more years, when we have another big war, we'll call the people Ba'athists.  "You rotten Ba'athist!".  Yeah.  All makes sense, now.    The name-calling is reactionary, and that's why i hate it, i think.  I can manage to have a conversation with someone who believes other than i do without calling them nazis.  Its lazy and shoddy to do so.    Politically, i feel i'm in a weird place.  I'm not lock-step in with the current administration.  I'm not out shouting "Peace Now!".  I fear we have an enemy in our midst, the west as a whole does, and not only did we welcome them in, we let them abuse us for it.  We capitulate to their demands for special treatment, and they abuse us for it.  We offer them something better than crapping in a ditch and living in a hut, and they abuse us.  I think that's what i'm really angry about.    At one point, in AZ, a friend of my room mate moved into our house. She never contributed, always complained, and cried when we called her on her BS.  John was unable to unshackle himself from this guilt-flinging piece of shit for 3 years.  It was always our fault if something bad happened to her, but she was totally okay with staying there, where all this bad stuff happened, and leeching from us.  I never understood what this chick's deal was.  It was her purpose on this earth to drive the rest of us insane, of course. When you deal with someone like that on a daily basis, you really start to question your own sanity.  "Am i nuts, or for the last week has she saved us from having our house broken into 12 times?! That never happened, before.. the breaking in.. for a year before she was here, it didn't happen.."  Her reality was so fabricated we never actually were a part of it, i guess.  We were just these other people who slept in the house and bought food and came in and out on our way to and from somewhere called "work".