         Here's a little bit about my drawing style, and how it came to be what it is.  Always, i've been more comfortable drawing with a pen of some kind.  When i use pencils, i tend to erase every single thing that looks like a "mistake".  With a pen, it keeps me honest.  I have to fix or incorporate any mistakes as i make them.  It's like working with black and white film.    Human figures and scenes from reality are beyond me.  I can do cartoony things pretty well.  My mom says i'm an "abstract impressionist".  Someone else told me i should be drawing corporate logos and things, (my drawings tend to be small.  The largest ones are on 8.5 x 11.5 paper) and that i had a good sense of negative space.    Until i was about 16, people rarely saw anything i drew.  Then one night some friends and i ate some acid and ended up at Bogdonovich Park in San Pedro (now military housing, i think).  Right next to the vons in the shopping center was a big ol can return machine.  There was a guy decorating it with black marker.  All he did was draw lines in various directions.  From a distance, and while frying, it was a really dynamic bit of grafitti, and i was impressed with it, and started messing with using something similar.  Hashing and shading and dots.  I explored that for a long time.  I think it was a combination of the acid and seeing what scribbling can look like when viewed from a distance.  Up close, its scribbles, lines.. from a distance, there's a lot of tension and motion and borders are well-defined.    Then i met Scott Aicher and absorbed some more about pen and ink.  I used to hang out with him and we'd draw, and sometimes i drew things that were obviously copies of his work,  but for me it was more of a way of working out how he did something so i could do it.  I think he understood that, because it was painfully obvious that my copies were so totally inferior to his originals.    I've always enjoyed lettering and calligraphy and writing in different alphabets, too.  Weirdly, i see a lot of Hebrew in some of the stuff i draw.  Not actual letters, but pen strokes and the flow, if that makes any sense.    At some point, i met Shane.  He would roll down to PV from Santa Cruz once in a while and show me all this ink stuff he was doing. He used a rapidograph pen and i became obsessed with these pens and pens that acted like them.  until then, i thought the Uniball was the shit pen to draw with.  But i went through an entire bottle of ink in the first two months of having a rapidograph pen.  That's the early 90s, getting the pen, and i'm going to post some of those pictures here pretty soon.  The most fantastic part of the rapidograph pen is that the ink lays down on the paper.  There is no ball or tip to interrupt the ink flow.  There's tons of control in how the ink comes out.  I love it.  I love filling in a spot so completely that no white shows through.  And rapidograph ink acts like paint in a lot of ways.  Each layer of ink is darker.  three solid layers of rapido ink is the definition of "inky black".    Learning to use the pen was fun.  It was a new way to draw for me.  So, when i was in rehab, and just after getting out, for about three years, probably, i was a drawing maniac.  Always black and white, always pen or ink.  I did do one really big piece (four foot by 2 foot canvas) with gesso and xylene art pens.  I got really high doing that one... with my face right next to the canvas inhaling those pen fumes.  I have a picture of that somewhere, and my dickhead ex-uncle has the original.  The more i drew on it, the more fucked up i got.  hehe.    Just recently i rediscovered ink.  I started drawing a lot of trees.  Trees lend themselves well to ink and my scribbly style.  I like the starkness of ink.  The things that can be implied with shading and stuff.