Bill: Have never been to Cimmeron, N.M. Sounds spicey----like a transformational experience.   Spam: Am curious what a mayonnaise farm looks like.    Bill: Members of the "F****ing Prudes" are: Sarah Cummins (who now lives in Knoxville, is married to a Botany professor, and has 3 kids---we were good friends "back in the day" but I haven't seen her in five or so years); Tracy Cosgrove (now Tracie Fields, whose husband, Keith, has had some extremely wild extra-terrestrial encounters, I kid you not, that give me the creeps to think about); Angie Street (now living in Atlanta, I think), and Kathy Hubbard (also living in Atlanta, but Ditty may know more about that.) For all I know, Reinhold Neibuhr was a member of the Helion Shoe Shine Riders. One would hope a good Christian would also know how to properly shake it....  Maybe he could be compared to Jessco White, the Dancing Outlaw.  Lisa: Sounds like you know more about Reinhold Neibuhr than I do at this point! He was definitely a Christian realist, nearly an existentialist similar to Kierkegaard. I also read stuff by his brother, Richard, who was similar in terms of his concern about juxtaposing what is spiritual with what is cultural/real.  When I was 18, my soccer playing boyfriend at the time gave me a book by him as a gift--I guess he thought Id like to do some additional heavy reading outside of class. Funny now to think of all that stuff---being 18, dating a soccer player, and getting into Christian existentialist thought.   I think one of the eternal great mysteries of the 80s in J.C. is Bleu Jackson. I wonder if he still wears those berets? I never knew if the funky spelling of his name simply reflected his fondness for a particular salad dressing, or his penchant for all things French. A Parisien (notice the e) bluesman......hmm....He and my brother graduated high school together and were good friends....they love to tell me this story about having some kind of fake vomit they would throw on the floor so they could get out of class. How true that was, I dont know. Did the toy industry make fake vomit in the mid-60s? If so, how did it shape the cultural landscape? Now theres a theological question.