Nightmare Genesis: Hello Bloggers. Ive been enjoying your amazing fucking memories. How the fuck do you people remember all that shit! Between the chloroform, acid, draft beer, bong-hits and lack of sleepit should not be physiologically possible (ahbut the kicker is, you cant remember where you parked todayhard-drive is full).  I remember our first gig. John, Kurt and Donnie Poole had booked a gig and needed a singer. Yes they booked a gig and did not even have a bandvery nice. I was playing bass w/Bleu Jackson (the first name IS spelled correctly) and the bugeouse blues band. I was jonesing for something more than shuffles in G, so I worked up some rockabilly shit to do at open hoot. They saw me, and said  this guy doesnt totally suck, so why not ask him to sing.   We worked up 10 songs in Johns basement and in a couple weeks, there we were, in the parking lot of the McDonalds on Market St.  No flatbed, just on the blacktop. We were billed as Brian and the Howling Tomcats of Doom (the Doom quickly disappeared. There were about 10 people thereand 3 we didnt know, Mike n Lynne and Johnny Hicks. We were paid in food. A couple weeks later we played an encore at the McDonalds on Walnut St. Againmore foodand more people.   What sticks out are the rehearsals where I was trying to sing and play guitarI could barely play guitar (Im sure there are those of you whom I have played that are right now saying you still cant playfuck you) and it hurt to play an F chord, so I remember just playing the chords I could play without hurting. John, Kurt and Donnie were very cool, they could play great and had just graduated high schoolI was very envious. I was 24 and would regularly hear comments like  man, when I get to be your age, I hope Im not still playing in a garage band (translation: I hope I have a life).   We did some open hoots afterward and people started coming out. Boy, we thought we were hot-shit. They offered us our own night at Down Home and before that gig we changed our name. John came up with Brian and the Nightmares. He and Kurt wanted to change it later onmany, many band discussions about dropping the Brian, cause it gave the perception that it was me with a backup band-- but it was too latethe name was ingrained. Of course I argued to keep it just the way it wasI mean, fuck man, shitI was Brian.