I want to thank Scott Pleasent for his support on the all important Lynyrd Skynyrd must be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame issue. I have recently learned that Scott has been on the soap box about this issue for well over  a year now, long before I took up the flag. Due to his early support, and after consultation with Kurt and Julie,,,, well actual consultation on this did not take place you understand but I am pretty sure they would agree with me here,,,,,and due to Scott giving me a subscription to his fine E-Zine, the committee has decided to confer upon Scott Pleasent the title of Hottie and with it all the rights, benefits, and privileges thereof. Scott, you must always remember to use your power for good, not evil, as with great power goes great responsibility. (Also you should avoid contact with kryptonite, garlic, and the color yellow,,,,its all in the manual)  Now many of you may be saying to yourselves, Gee Bill, I would love to help, but what can I, a poor hard working (insert profession here) do to make a difference? Well, you could write a letter to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame nominating committee and demand that this oversight be corrected. Their address again is:  Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104    Not good with words? Feel free to cut and paste one of the following sample letters:  Ladies and Gentlemen of the Committee  A grave oversight has taken place in the nomination process for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Surely it could not be the intention of the committee to overlook the contributions of Lynyrd Skynyrd. Based on the published criteria for inclusion, Lynyrd Skynyrd should have been inducted on first ballot. In addition to their voluminous sale of lps, their music has inspired two generations of southern musicians, and influenced so many of the leading performers of our time.  Further it should be noted that Lynyrd Skynyrd wrote and performed songs about racial harmony, gun control, and the harm of drug abuse, often against the grain of their times and fan base.  or if you prefer a more direct approach you could cut and paste the following:  Dear Ass Clowns and Art Fags.  What are you? Fucking stupid? I guess if a band has not never earned a living selling ass in Mannha,,,Manth,,,,Manhatt,,,,New fucking York, then they dont belong in the rock and roll hall of fame. Well that is just fucking stupid. Lynard Skynard kicks the living shit out of all those new york art faggot bands. Heres a question for ya:   Q: Why did the southern man drive 800 miles to new york city?  A: Cause somebody needs thier ass kicked for not haveing Lynard Skynard in the fucking rock and roll hall of fame.  Thank you all for your kind and prompt attention. I know that together we can make a difference!