Buncha hot chickens talking on a ferris wheel. Thats a classic. Gonna hold that in the memory banks for a while. I thought Plezs words on what it means to memorialize a past scene were very thoughtful and well said; couldnt possibly add anything to that. I was just listening to some Plez. 1973 is one of my current favorite songs of his. I may be affected since my kid is going on 6 years old. For those who havent heard it, 1973 is a nostalgic song about being 6 years old again. Makes me think; what was I doing when I was 6? Carter was elected President, I was moving around from place to place a lot. Totally clueless; I was a coke-bottled-glasses wearing brick-head (and I aint no rocket scientist now).  I can barely remember anything though. One of my few memories from then was a time in 1st grade when I raised my hand and asked to go to the bathroom. Instead of going to the bathroom, I just walked out of the school and headed down the road. Miles later, a stranger picked me up way down a country road and eventually figured out how to contact my folks. Mostly though, my clearest memories begin at college, I only vaguely remember being in high school, except for all the skateboarding.  Anyway, I ran across a funny comment about Jimi Hendrix. This came from cartoonist Peter Bagge who wrote an essay about the EMP (Experience the Music Project) rock museum in Seattle. I remembered this article amid reading the recent posts of memorializing scenes and rock hall of fame and stuff. While Bagge was generally favorable about the project, here is his general comment about Hendrix: I hate Jimi Hendrix. Not that I disagree with his fans' claims of his originality, imagination, performing skills, etc., all of which I readily acknowledge. But the guy sang like he had a mouth full of marbles, and his whole hippie-dippie VooDoo Love God sexual persona always made me cringe, it's so embarrassing. Pretty funny I thought. The whole article is available along with some funny cartoons at http://www.suck.com/daily/2000/08/25/index.html  By the way, that last picture Rick posted of himself was a little over the top.