We had joy, we had fun, we had seasons in the sun... -not penned by Kurt Haggerdorn, thank god.  What you described Plez, pretty much is exactly how cbgbs became CBGBs. But that makes what you and Brook wrote about JC all that much more impressive. The invisible arm of christ in jc was hard to twist and impossible to tatoo(at least back then). To make space(with naive and blunted force) for art in that appalachian climate was incredible.   Think about  it, its never happened in Canada.  Who fell under the spell of the Industrial Music Complex? Well, the TV in Poor Richards, but thats about it. You were DIY when DIY wasnt cool (or had a cable network).   Love is a battlefield... -Pat Benatar(sic)  To remember all the college-liberals-in-training singing along to shes a surfboard... or applebutter made in train, arm in arm with their college-neo-conservatives-in-training, passing spliffs to the unbathed-future-nadar-voters-inutero. Knocking back pitchers of beer with future super walmart shoppers: throwing darts and throwing up with future homeowners and, dare I say it: parents. Who knew?  For perspective: does anyone think REM or U2 have gotten better in the last decade or two? Butthole Surfers imploded with corporate funding. Hell, Paul Westerburg is still alive and isnt even governor of Minnesota. He is a parent, though. hmm.  Starlight, starbright, first star I see tonight... -Madonna  Has anyone brought up the night the jesusfreaks all came to a certain downtown parking lot to save souls? They were singing and praying about shutting down the devilworshippers bookstore and bring the wiccans to xmas. Close TAP, because, if they saved all the gays, thered be no more Aids to be Project-ed in Tri-Cities. As for booze, Greyhound buses and Im-Morrel music, I dont know what they were thinking.   The bookstore eventually was set afire and closed and most of the queers and needle-dopers died.  Buses and Morrels are still there and a tatoo place! so Im not sure who won...  but for fucksake, somebody told me People actually live downtown now. imagine.  When I lived in chicago my bus stop was near a gentlemans club that I had to pass to get home. There was always two generic and interchangeable pie-faced young  men stationed outside at opposite ends of the building, about 4 yards from the bouncer doors(marked by velvet ropes).   The first young guy would say under his breath, without making eye contact, Jesus loves you. and when I went passed the main entrance and approached the other kid he would say, very quickly under his breath, Godblessyou...   They were certain they had intervened in my path. This reminded me of home.