Allen's link to neo-conservative, Charles Krauthammer's odd Washington Post piece, Holiday from History reminded me that there's a new FRONTLINE airing tomorrow,   War Behind Closed Doors . It airs Thursday, February 20 on your local PBS station at 9pm eastern and 8pm central. It will look at whether the publicly reported reasons--fear of Saddam Hussein's weapons of mass destruction or a desire to insure and protect America's access to oil--are only masking the real reason for the war. Should be interesting.  Now to Krauthammer's really, really bizarre column. He has two points: that the earth faces extinction via terrorist use of weapons of mass destruction AND that Clinton is responsible for this.   It is head-spinning to say the least that a neo-conservative has seen an extinction he doesn't like, but the real audacity is for Krauthammer to suggest that the Clinton administration was soft on terrorism when it was the Clinton Administration that provided the incoming Bush admin the devastating terrorism warning known as the   Hart-Rudman Commission Report  on January 21, 2001 which predicted an attack on the United States where, "Americans will likely die on American soil, possibly in large numbers." In it, Hart specifically mentioned the lack of preparation for "a weapon of mass destruction in a high-rise building." After months of stonewalling, Senator Hart was so concerned he personally visited the Bush White House, meeting National Security adviser Condoleezza Rice on September 6, just five days before the terrorist attacks. Condi said she would "pass on" his concerns.  The rest is history, and it hasn't been a holiday.   Dick Cheney shelved the report and instead opted to spearhead his own group but did nothing for FOUR months while they were negotiating with the Taliban to build an oil pipeline from Central Asia thru Afghanistan to Pakistan. From February 5, 2001 until August 4, 2001, the oily Bush administration threw caution to the wind hoping to do bidness with the Taliban who were known to have ties to Osama bin Laden. The Clinton Administration was so concerned about OBL's terrorist camps in Afghanistan that he cut commercial ties in July 1999 (in addition to launching a missile attack in 1998) after the Taliban refused to hand over Osama bin Laden.  Clinton wasn't on a Holiday from History. Moreover, it would be incorrect to say the Bush administration was "holiday" (although Bush had only days before 9-11 emerged from his month-long Crawford Ranch Vacation). His inattention was borne of a business trip.