Bill:  I did not say "a woman seeking an abortion has no right to be unimpeded".  If you can't quote me correctly, even when the words are written down for you, then this is going to be a long, repetitious haul.  I said "A woman seeking an abortion has no MORE right to be unharrassed or unimpeded" than anyone else in America.  We are on the verge of going to war with a country that assigns special rights to some and not to others.  We have already fought many wars to stop those who believe that some have special rights over others.  If that is the America you want to live in then look for me on the side fighting against your rebellion.  And as a matter of fact Bill, by law, she doesn't have any more right to be unharrassed or unimpeded than anyone else.  I guess you didn't read the part where I point out that the law has recently been overturned by the Supreme Court.  As to that last paragraph, you begin by regaling us with a story of "well meaning individuals" blockading an abortion clinic (clearly the type off non-violent civil disobedience I was defending in my blog) and suddenly your into bombings and shootings by criminals (not "protestors") in a pitiful attempt to portray what I wrote as something other than what it was.  That is despicable.    Elizabeth:  quash: to suppress or extinguish summarily and completely; to nullify, especially by judicial action.  One TBI officer asking questions at a rally does not even come close to 'quashing'.    But I do find your notion of proof intriguing.  Let me see.  How does one go about proving that something DIDN'T happen.  That's a bit of a puzzler.  How many examples of something not occurring must I accrue to constitute proof that it didn't?  I suppose I could identify in detail each of the non-quashings, where they didn't occur, the number of people not  arrested or disbanded, the number of police or national guard it took not to quash them...  Nah.  Did I say that this is like shooting fish in a barrel?  It's more like fish shooting themselves in a barrel.