From: Bob Holman Sent: Sunday, March 28, 2004 12:22 AM To: 'Guy Lecharles-Gonzalez' Subject: WOW   So much to say, but overall, UNBEFUCKINLIEVABLE  Please forward to Eric, Helen, and crew.  Let's talk.  How about 8pm Friday May 14?  B  More than any other feedback I've received on the show so far, this was the most gratifying, especially taken in tandem with his initial comment at the end of the show about it far exceeding his expectations.  It exceeded even mine.  I was an anxious wreck the couple of hours before the show started as we drove in from Westchester after dropping the kids off at grandma's for the night. It occurred to me that there were so many firsts I was facing with this show: an untested format; a super-tight schedule; a venue with people assigned to specific jobs that knew what they were doing. For a control freak like me, there was so much out of my direct control, my stomach was churning.  By 7:59pm, everyone involved in the show was in the house and we were ready to go. Breathe...  After a quick welcome and 5-minute warning, through which Xtina's  Dirrrrty  played, I kicked things off with what was supposed to be a 5-minute monologue/introduction. It was obvious I haven't slammed in years as it was three full typed pages and nowhere near 5 minutes! I edited on the fly, trying to retain the key points and surprised that I'd memorized as much of it as I did. I think it came off a just a little bit awkward but it also set the stage nicely for the debate to come as it concluded with a shot right between Taylor and Roger's eyes. (It's printed below.)  Next was the showcase with Jessica Torres, Mara Jebsen and Luis Cartagena. Each was great and gave exactly the kinds of performances I hoped for, illustrating the range of performance poetry, or as I later categorized it: poetry, performed.  The initial debate followed as I introduced Eric and Helen and we sparred a little bit to get the juices flowing before the break. This part was probably the most broken aspect of the evening as instead of challenging the point I made on the distinction between poetry, performance poetry and poetry, performed, Eric and Helen simply disagreed, dismissed it as semantics and the moment fell flat! We recovered quickly, went back and forth for another couple of minutes and went to the break.  Coming back, Roger and Taylor did their mini-features, with Roger annoyingly going over time as he flubbed his last piece while attempting to incorporate the loop station and his own beat-boxing. Celena Glenn, after some prodding, saved him by backing him up but he started the poem over and turned a 10-minute set into 15 minutes. The self-confident, boastful performance served as an amazing contrast for his timid debate performance that would follow. Taylor stuck close to his allotted time with a set of two of his own poems and two covers, one by Billy Coliins and one by RAC. The Collins piece, where he almost-lovingly disses a fellow poet, was prefaced with a list of poems Taylor has written mocking certain styles or people (his opening piece was an entertaining rip on Reggie Gibson and jazz poets) and seemed more like defense mechanism - hey, a poet laureate does this stuff, too! - than actual homage.  We finally jumped into the debate with the clock ticking fast and only 15 minutes left in the show. After a couple of ice breaker questions -  Lord of the Rings  or  Star Wars ? Should Ralph Nader run for President? - we got into the meat of the debate, covering slam strategy; emotional vs. literal truth in poetry; and the question of craft vs. truth. Taylor made the bold comment that just because something is true (ie: rape) doesn't make it a good poem, and perhaps it was more appropriate as a journal entry. An audience member misinterpreted Taylor's stance and thought he was saying such poems shouldn't be written. It got a little tense and was probably the height of audience interaction as people began throwing around opinions, defending Taylor and putting their own personal agendas into play. Helen (a social worker by day) nailed it by pointing out that sometimes people  need  to write and read these poems as part of their healing/coping process.  While Taylor was game throughout, making his points strongly and defending them, Roger was in rope-a-dope mode, trying to nuance every answer to be as non-offensive as possible. I told him afterwards that he was like the front-runner in a debate, being so careful not to make a mistake that he got trampled in the process. Eric and Helen didn't get involved as much as I'd hoped they would but Helen did get in a couple of good points and her final question: How do you keep your poetry from becoming too self-important or self-indulgent?, was a zinger. In the end, we pused almost 10 minutes over our time but it was all good as Bob loved it.  By all accounts, both from poets and regular audience, the night was a wild success. It tread a thin line of being too insider at times, especially as everything often came back to the slam and the points with Taylor, but it was always dynamic and never bogged down. Some great feedback on things to tweak for next week and I have a couple of ideas about how to give the debate more time without compromising the showcase portion, which is inviolable.  I'm still processing a lot of what happened and can't wait to actually watch the tape and see it from an outside perspective. If you were there, thanks for supporting. (And send me your   feedback , good and bad!) If you missed it, you really missed something special and you better be there this Saturday!