I spent today watching very fucked up movies.... I started off with  Se7en  which I hadn't seen in a while... A  Perfect Murder  (Gwenyth again) followed by  Trainspotting  which I had never watched from beginning to end (sober) only to end with an oldie but a goodie....  FightClub  So now I feel like planning a murder, and getting some insurance money,beating the crap out of my coworkers in order to  free them from their enslaved existence and try heroin........... yeah ummm cabin fever much?  I needed a day of vegging out, I was working all weekend. Serving rich  people at country clubs makes me want to piss in the lobster bisque..... Watching them dance like they are having full body spasms makes me want to shit in the beef wellington  but I would NEVER do that...[insert evil laugh] Anyway the point of this post was to highlight all of the cool movies/shows coming out for this summer. If you don't know, I love all movies, good/bad. I love bad movies [i.e. You got Served] but it helps me appreciate the good ones and there's alot to learn from the bad ones.   Any these are only SOME of my recommended picks...   T.V. Shows     June 13th    Six Feet Under  If you haven't seen this show, you should. I don't have HBO but hopefully I can catch the repeats when I visit my folks.   June 22nd!    Nip/Tuck  Season II begins for   Let's have a botox party!      [Movies- the USUAL suspects]      Shrek2  I have  yet to see the first Shrek movie but I have to admit, I do have a bias against animated flicks. Unless you rent it and FORCE me to go watch it with you, I won't do it. I might enjoy it while it's happening but never under my own volition. Shrek 2 has gotten amazing reviews though so I'll shed my old school close minded ways and try this....    The Chronicles of Riddick  Perhaps the most anticipated movie for this summer. I love Vin. Vin you are so hot, so so hot, because you are so deep.....so so deep......  I wanted to do unemtionable things to you in Boiler Room and the pre-Chronicles interviews on the Sci-Fi channel let me get to know the REAL you ......yummm.... You're such a bad ass....    The Stepford Wives.  The first one edged on the side of horror, this one on Comedy. I'd like to see how they shoot it, it just looks interesting. Date movie material?? hmmm?    Mean Girls  Ok I already saw this one but it made the list anyway just because all fans of Tina Fay should go see it. It's funnier then I had expected however now I understand that it's also Lindsay Lohan trying to get her hip hop  cred playing a transfer student from Africa...whatever see the movie....    Some more UNusual Picks     Napoleon Dynamite  I saw a free screening of this a while back and it was HILARIOUS. I won't say more..go      City of God  If you're one of the cavepeople who STILL haven't  seen this movie, it's still playing at the   CC Village Cinema on 12th see it if you haven't. It's been playing for almost a year and a half... that says a lot. In my top 5 all time best made films it's easily in the top two and that's saying alot.... American Beauty barely made top 15...     Goodbye Lenin  This one seems interesting. It's been playing at the Angelika for a while.     When his mother, a steadfast Communist, has a heart attack and falls into a coma while watching him being arrested during a protest in Berlin in 1989, a young East German man becomes concerned that when she wakes up, the excitement of the fall of the Berlin Wall may be too much for her.....       Carandiru   I'm not sure but it's coming out of a wave of movies from Brazil *see City of God.  tells the stories of prisoners in Brazil's Sao Paulo House of Detention, one of the largest prisons in Latin America (housing 7,800 men in a facility designed for 3,000), leading up to the massive October, 1992 "Pavillion 9" riot/massacre which led to the deaths of 111 unarmed inmates.      Bukowski: Born into This  Now there's quite a good chance that this could seriusly suck. There are no reviews and I haven't heard about it from anyone. Not only that, I've never seen great documentaries on famous people. It's as if the filmmaker thinks the famousnness relinquishes any need to make the story interesting...I'll try it anyway...    Imelda  Playing at the Film forum till  June 22nd.  Seems fun   Wednesday, June 30    The Corporation  Howard Zinn, Noam Chomsky, Michael Moore, No Logo author Naomi Klein and Nobel Prize-winning economist Milton Friedman take on the multi-national corporation, with wit and erudition. Without an elected head of state or allegiance to a particular nation, language or culture - the corporation is an institution of enormous power and influence that, in the words of this compulsively watchable, surprisingly entertaining movie, creates great wealth, but causes enormous and often hidden harms. Co-directed by Mark Achbar (MANUFACTURING CONSENT: NOAM CHOMSKY AND THE MEDIA), and based on Joel Bakans The Corporation: The Pathological Pursuit of Profit and Power, the film analyzes the curious history, inner workings and controversial impact of corporations upon world affairs, the environment, the gap between the worlds rich and its poor and the privatization of natural resources   A definite must see. Little known tidbit is that Zinn is also a playwright...  June 25th!   Farenheight 9/11  on the more political tip,Michael Moore does it again. Suspiciously so I can't find showtimes on Yahoo Movies.... hmmm coincidence? I think not!   There are TONs of movies that I have missed Feel free to add to the list  Hope you enjoy my picks!