Ok, guys I JUST saw the Matrix and boy is there going to be ALOT of scholarship on THIS one.....I just had a riveting conversation with my dad explaining WHAT the fuck that movie was about and i realized two things.....1 I could devote an ENTIRE webpage on explaining that movie to everyone in the world who HASN'T read foucault and missed about 95% of the symbolism working in the movie.....and 2 that this was an exercise in bringing the decolonization argument (Fanon,Foucault,Said,etc..) into the public sphere. Granted....most people who see this movie A) won't get it but know that there is something working here that they just don't understand B) Not understand it and Dismiss for being inaccessible or C) Be insulted because the movie was purposely inaccessible. For starters, the matrix was a slap in the face to anyone who hasn't majored in post modern, post structural discourses ( I.E. Michel Foucault...see the link to Discipline and Punish up top) It was a whole bunch of elitist jargon linked by fight scenes that resembled more the nut cracker suite rather then action sequences. It was saying "hey we know you don't understand this but we'll keep you in your seat with extravagent (though SOOOO obviously CGI) fight scenes. THe audience KNOWS it was being pandered too (or at least i knew). This is both good and bad....on one hand it raises the bar and asks the audience to be more intelligent. It says "If you want to know what the hell we're talking about, then read a fucking book" on the other hand, it leaves alot of folks in the dark. IT DOES however bring alot of stuff into the public sphere. It reappriates means and manuevers designed to make us consumers (of nikes and aididas) and makes us consumers again...the only saving grace is that we are supposedly consuming something that once digested is empowered. By manuevering our way THROUGH the matrix maybe we can get out. Before we can bust out of our limitations we must first know them. Ok, so the Plotline was shakesperean, all the name symbolism was working and pretty obvoius, the relationship to philosophers less then so.The narrative thread/thematic line was conistent about ONE thing......THIS( The revolution ultimately failing) is what happens when you allow yourself to be limited by your own imagination. We (oh lowly docile bodies) are simply products of stimulation, only pawns with the discourse of power, however though we can never escape that discourse we must TRY. It is impossible (such as is absolute truth) but we must still aim for it. It is within THAT contradiction that we find possibility, it is here that the anomoly exists, it is HERE that Neo can find hope and it is WHY i'm going to pay 9 bucks to go see the fucking sequel......I too need to release the syncopes from my imagination......but that's a" Whole other Thesis (tai)  "Remember, there IS no spoon"  di