Ok, ok..........I have a sprained toe and I'm doing my best not to go completley insane? Why would someone go insane over a sprained toe you might ask? Like many other problems in my life, it's never the size of the problem but where it lands. Like my toe, though it's a small injury the fact that i carry all my weight on it and use it to balance myself it's a big friggin deal. The fact that i can't box because of it is a big deal.....the fact that i have ABSOLUTELY NO PHYSICAL RELEASE FOR MY FRUSTRATIONS IS A BIG FUCKING DEAL!!..... "there are two types of people who need anger therapy: The first is the kind who blows up about everything, he yells at the grocer every day for every little thing, the second type of person says nothing and keeps everything inside and then one day shoots 11 people and then himself".....My biggest contradiction is finding out which type of person i'll be :) As the countdown begins to me moving out of my parent's house (AGAIN) i feel the syncope close in on my spirit.......so what does this mean? I guess i'm just going to have to start writing again....and there's all of this drama over at 13 because the same old vet's who have real issues with aging are on the team again. I have soo many mixed emotions about that. On one hand, i've tried my darndest to be able to be friends with everyone while staying out of the d rama ( I have enough of my own) but on this point I dunno, i think it's about time that Diane Roy took a vacation and Diane Wah stepped in. Hearing what guy had to say about his dreams of what louderarts would be.....a collective that would encourage new voices, given how many people are slamming in nyc, you would thinnk that nyc would be the innovators of slam.......how can we innovate if we keep sending the same friggin team every year...on the other hand as a new poet (never been to nationals or done a major competition or show before) I got this pride thing that makes me think that in order to make the team, my poetry should make the stuff that came before me obsolete.....but then again THAT doesn't make sense. If it's good work, it's good work. No matter how old Steve Colemans (www.stevecolmanpoet.com) "Do you want to hear a poem" get's you've GOT to admit that it's STILL relevent and STILL a crowd pleaser. I had the position that it was my responsibility as a poet to also be a visionary, that i must take what i see going on around me and mold it and create something totally new. That's why i haven't slammed this year......I really didn't have anything to say....but then again I realized that I had a real confidence issue......should I not speak just because I don't feel I'm better? WHy should my voice not count? Not be heard? ANd shouldn't bar 13 be a place where I feel comfortable experimenting? WHen I first came to 13 I met Guy and roger and (especially roger) I was encouraged and that helped me out ALOT .....i thought that louder arts was a place where poets came together and critiqued each other positively....no hatin, however as time passed (especially when guy left) egos went ary and people were gettin crazy drunk on HATERADE...I understand what it means to have community but come ON! BEING COOL OR BEING SOMEONES FRIEND SHOULD NOT BE CRITERIA FOR BEING IN THE COLLECTIVE!! That's just dumb! There's GOT to be another way....I've seen sooo many good poets come in and out of 13 but have been shunned just becaues they didn't somehow "fit in" to what the louderarts collective should be .....i dunno WHAT the criteria is.....that's a problem. It got to a point that I started going to OTHER venues to show new work like West Side Rhyme (http://www.westsiderhyme.com/) which had a really laid back, open, positive, non elitist atmosphere....My ego's too big to be threatened by anyone, but just because folks are nice to me doesn't mean that i'm blind to unfairness to others..... that's my 2 cents