Aftermath Staring Back  Before kicking me out of his class For being  And I quote uppity my teacher asked me curiously who exactly do you think you are? Holding his necktie dear With firm grip Ambivalent  Between homocide  and innocence I let go and stared back I replied meekly Im just me  Diane from queens Raised on rice and beans  Fifth in the line of marching matriarchs in time Four Generations of raging Haitians Three ethnic combinations Too much agitation One half a nation  Ive been ironing MY trenchcoat For 243 years What did you think when you looked at me? That only white people  Can be this creatively crazy?  Im coming from that black bourgoise That no one ever sees Always the first one of the few never to walk these halls of privilege  Accosted by questions Presuming answers of Where exactly is Haiti? Do you speak Haitia? Cause you speak really well.. dot dot dot  Ask me that question again Ill squeeze your balls into pearls  Now both sides of the class Are looking at me like  Im a revolutionary poem Picked from the sky And if you plug me in right  everyone will see the light  But I look back deep down my spine STOP Rewind time  It says that revolution Is that intangible evolution That ever essential Need to see that Youre not  but you want to be free  Thats why its taken Three generations for me to know That struggle is a long ride I wont find freedom in 3  minutes time  Over turning Over changes Over how you know what you want to be By what youve seen But how can history be redeemed  When 95%  of your people Cant fucking read  How? 20 years of family dinners on rice and beans 5 million stories of my family being sliced by machetes jailed imprisoned  for have vision first in the Caribe  to declare themselves free but when people find out Im Haitian its preceded by the word dirty  So now youre looking for your  Revolution In this TOKEN New solution This intellectualized  Feminized Malcolm  X-ample  Im not it Theres no gospel Coming from these lips  I know why youre anxious When you look at me You look into my eyes And see a thousand year of beating me You look at my thighs And feel a thousand years of raping me Now youre wondering why Im  not aiming to please? Youre angry cause I aint down on my knees?  So when I suck my teeth and huff You think of 92 when the LA Riots scared you You think of Watts and dream of me in handcuffs There revolution wasnt  The looting or the shooting  It was just when the wealth trickled back down to us For that no matter how many  As I get To you Ill never be more than a B+  Im pushing away my wallet You can load up your gat Because  I am the aftermath Staring  Back.