Ok, ok......it's 1:59 PM and I have JUST woken up.....good news though....i WAS alseep  by 7:15 AM so it's all good..... Roger's party?.....hmmmm...what DO I have to say about that well....basically if you werent' there, then it's NONE of YO goddamn business, however everything else that's getting typed IS 'cause well I'm MAKING it that way...I just finished checking my e-mail and someone just asked me if it was ok to encourage others to read my blogger and BAM contradiction struck again.....Instintively i wanted to hit the reply button and say no,[/////] please don't because A) I don't have the site set up to where I want it yet and I feel kinda nekked w/ people reading it and such....but most importantly is was B) I went ahead, put up an online journal to spill my soul in.... , published it online and gave key people the address so of COURSE i'd want him to encourage other people to read it right ? NO!!! Because it was at THAT moment that I asked myself, "am i really ready to be judged on my actions and my words?" "Do I really want to put myself in a position where my words can and will be used against me?" (answer comes later) Last nite was another watershed moment for me as well....I had a surprsingly great time..It's one thing to be intellectually adventurous....it's a total other to actually follow your heart and your passions AND most importantly your inequities to whereever they take you...and of course to deal with the consequences of your actions afterward. Dealing with the consequences is easy if you TRULY follow your heart and your spirit, because honesty   breeds honesty...... My mindset last nite was a taste of what's to come this summer and I had to ask myself that question again....."Can I handle it?" Can I sustain living a passionate life? Not an ego driven dramatic life but one where I do follow my heart (and my loins) whereever the fuck they take me with no guilt or anything? Being a truly independent woman, I've learned....takes alot more then "staying home alone on saturday nites." I means, sticking by your guns and most importantly sticking by YOUR own heart and fighting for it and defending it....because we ALL know the difference between right and wrong....we just spend our lives rationalizing  our decisions and the other half lying about the fact that we are rationonalizing at all.......  Maybe i limit myself by the limitations i put on my battles.........How much I drank last nite has no bearing on my moral being...how honest i was or wasn't DOES..... and NO i don't get hang overs ever so i WILL be drinking more  P.S. sam vargas is da man