Trying to stay on top of this blogger thing is proving to be harder then I thought. If I can't commit to my blogger how I can I commit to anyone else?.....but then again blogs don't keep you warm at night...you just go to bed with clearer thoughts. A friend of mine told me once that it was hogshit that you needed to be alone to find yourself ONE and TWO? you're probably going to spend the rest of your life finding your self over and over again (if you're at all interesting) so what's that going to do for you? ARe you going to be alone for ever? No way...life is a road trip and roadtrips are only as fun as the people driving with you.....they get off (hopefully  more than once) and get on...again...it's the ride... NOT  the destination. Living with a bunch of ballerinas has taught me one thing: The rich are not ANY quieter then blacks and puerto ricans. They're entitlement issues make them just as loud if not louder. Anyway.....here come my movie reviews.   Terminator 3  Ok, for starters...it was "visually stimulating but ultimately pointless" I spent the entire movie  waiting for the machines to actually rise. That's where the drama SHOULD have been, where the stakes were etc....anyway what it ended up being was a really really elaborate trailer for what will be T4. So they WILL get my money. My only solace was that i saw it for free by sneaking intothe theatre. Another review  28 days later  This movie was also visually stunning. Shot in video (to give it that grittier realistic psuedo mockumentary feel) It was pretty cool. If you are a fan of zombie movies in the tradition of " Night of the Living Dead" ,   Evil Dead2, Dawn of the Dead. ..etc... etc... you will appreciate the evolution of the zombie. Here the zombies are scarier because as opposed to zombies prior they can actually RUN and they scream too so they are not ones to be messed with. One plot device that confused me was figuring out the difference between those infected who had died and those who were still alive and looking for Human meat. I also didn't understand the zombie motives. In Re-Animator and Return of the Living Dead they appreciated human brain...here i don't know if the motive is to eat humans or simple blood lust. I think it was the latter because the name of the disease was RAGE, a human form of being rabid. Anyway it wasn't life changing but it wasn't bad. Go see it...especially if you have a girl/guy friend who's a scaredy cat. It's better experienced in a dark theatre....  So now the movie reviews are done. I'm doing those i guess for practice? I'm going to have more detailed ones real soon. I figure maybe I can make a living as a movie reviewer. I wonder how Roger Egbert got into the business...Mental note: Email him.   I'm on duty at the 13th St. amidst about 130 13-19 yr old ballerinas...Lord help me please. They have no conception of the term "insides voices". Oh well.... I have some beef chow fun that's calling me......till next time