Welcome to the Bowery Poetry Club and the first edition of  louder than words ! I am Guy LeCharles Gonzalez, your host and, more importantly for tonight's show, I am bored as hell with the poetry scene!  Those that know me know that, even more than poetry, I am especially passionate about politics. I have no interest in college basketball and March Madness but earlier this year, I was watching the Democratic debates and the primaries like it was the 2000 Subway Series.  I came out on the losing end of both of those.  Politics fascinate me - both the nitty-gritty nuances of each candidate's positions on the issues, and the fun random shit like:  "Did John Kerry get Botox shots?"  Of course he did! His wife swears by them, why wouldn't he? What I don't get is why he lies about it? It's like Anna Nicole Smith denying she lost weight.  Even better, though, was a few weeks ago when Kerry was being interviewed on the American Urban Radio Network - the only African-American-owned network radio company in the U.S. - and he said, quote:   "President Clinton was often known as the first black president. I wouldn't be upset if I could earn the right to be the second."   First of all, once they got over the obvious and wrongheaded attempt at pandering, I think most black people would be surprised to hear that there?s already been one black president.  To Kerry's limited defense, the comment wasn't totally out of left-field as it was none other than Nobel Prize-winner Toni Morrison, one of the most respected black writers of our time, who tagged Clinton with the label back in 1998, in the midst of the whole Lewinsky scandal, saying he was, quote:   "...our first black president. Blacker than any actual black person who could ever be elected in our children's lifetime. [He] displays almost every trope of blackness: single-parent household, born poor, working-class, saxophone-playing, McDonald's-and-junk-food-loving boy from Arkansas."   The only stereotype she left out was the size of his dick!  All that aside, though, where in the world did a silver-spoon millionaire like John Kerry see the parallel with Clinton that he thought qualified him to be the second black president?   Forget Toni Morrison, not even Will Smith could make that stretch work for him.  Politics can be as exciting as any sports event. If anything, it bears the closest resemblance to wrestling. I mean, where else do you get story lines like these?  My favorite thing recently was the whole fuss over the ending of social promotion here in the City. Third graders that couldn't read or write were being promoted to fourth grade because some believed it would damage their self-esteem to be left back.  Yeah, because those 19-year old High School sophomores are simply bursting with self-pride, right?  People were upset with Mayor Bloomberg because he dismissed three of his appointees the night before the vote because they were going to vote against ending social promotion and the measure would have been defeated. So he canned them, replaced them with three people that were in favor of getting rid of the policy, and he got his way.  "This is what mayoral control is all about," he explained.  Amen to that.  Now, if only there was that kind of control in the world of poetry slam.  Think about it. How many poetry slams have you been to where the winning poet was worse than some of the first-timers in the open mic? Then you hear they were on Team Boondocks at the National Poetry Slam, or they've appeared on  Def Poetry , and you kind of nod in understanding.  Another victim of social promotion!  One of the problems with poetry slams is that some poets take them too seriously. They believe the hype when they win one, and think the whole format is stupid when they lose.  They ask questions like: "How can you give truth a four?"  The reality of poetry slams is they're like the third grade of the poetry world. Too many poets take their three or four decent poems that score well, read them over and over, and then get promoted to the next grade before they're ready. Suddenly you have poets touring the country doing 30-minute sets padded with some of the wackest poetry this side of Jewel's last attempt.  And there's the even sadder flip-side to that. The elementary school equivalent of the big-boned 6th grader that won't get out of the sandbox and let the 3rd graders play. By all rights, they should be on the monkey bars or pushing the smaller kids on the swings but instead, they can't seem to escape the simple comforts of surrounding themselves with people of lesser abilities.  They're the 5-year olds that snatch the bottle from their 1-year old sibling and declare survival of the fittest.  40-year olds living in mom's basement, still working their paper routes from high school.  Tonight, we've got a couple of those reluctant-to-move-on poets in the house, Roger Bonair-Agard and Taylor Mali. Between them, there's more than 17 years of poetry slam experience!  We're going to bring them up later, let them read a few poems each - hopefully some we haven't already heard a million times since we're not keeping score - and then we're going to run them through the grinder defending themselves.  Before that, though, we've got a special showcase for you, a little something Taylor once called the "Who's That?" of the poetry scene. Without further ado, or annoyingly pretentious introductions, welcome to  louder than words !