It's the day  before my birthday...(If you don't know how old I am, you won't find out here) I'm celebrating tonight because ...HELL it's two -for 1 drinks at Bar 13. It's cheaper to celebrate tonight as opposed to tommorrow. I woke up this morning around 6:30... I had come home the night before from spending the weekend with  some of my girls from way back. We had a girls weekend/b-day bash/graduation bash/housewarming. It's always funny looking at old friends, remembering the way we were in junior high....how much has changed...how little has... remembering what we said we wanted to be and looking at what we became. Suprisingly there are no real surprises.....I don't know if it's because we knew each other so well that there wasn't room for that or .....well I don't know. I stopped giving birthdays too much importance a long time ago. I learned not to expect too much lest you get disappointed. For me now it's just a marker. I was surprised when I blew out my candle and my friends screamed "Wish for somethin!"....i paused for a second, looked around.....thought about everything i've been stressing about lately and said...."No need, i have everything I want" and that felt SOOO GOOD   Birthdays are markers.......I've spent this whole year feeling like I was in suspended animation, like i've been moving and going nowhere.....I'm in school but graduation seemed so far away....I've been writing like crazy but have not performed as much as I should and I have no published work to show for it....I've been planning my dissertation but not actually doing it...so on ....so forth......It's like I've been driving on an open road and you don't realize how far you've gone because from the point of view of the car everything just looks the same........ I couldn't have said that last year and meant it......Last year i was standing on the  brink of my own imagination , now I'm peering over it and it's not so scary after all.......I just found it that yet another friend is having a baby....my best friend just moved in with her boyfriend , another friend is getting married.....I must keep reminding myself how young I am, I have time, just be patient and enjoy the life that I've provided for myself..... So some people have new years resolutions...I have birthday ones..here they go...  1) Drink more water (1 liter a day)  2) Eat my vegetables (At least once a day)  3) Keep working out (You're doing good!)  4) Say at least one positive thing to someone everday (Always use good karma)  5) Stop reading my horoscopes (Make your own fortune)  6) Trust my own instincts (Stop asking for advice, you know what to do!)  7) Continue to talk to myself in the third person (I told you! it helps put things in perspective!)  8) Talk less, Listen more (Yes, you're a work in progress EVERYONE can learn to do it)  9) Actually LISTEN and not just wait for your turn to speak  (You'll get to know people for who they really are. They usually tell you if you listen closely enough)  10) Continue to have faith in humanity, Diane. It's what keeps you going, it's the reason you're living. Keep the faith and follow your heart :)  Happy Birthday to me :)  diane