I have never wanted to be involved in politics before and what I mean by politics I mean the traditional ways and means or our psuedo democratic system. Take for example our voting system   Many people believe that by not voting they are making a point about how they feel about the present state of politics. Then there are younger people who haven't given up hope in the system but we know that the differences between the two parties are so minute that you're not making enough of a difference if you do vote. Not voting doesn't solve anything, but does voting solve anything?    Does it? Yes I've registered to vote and YES I voted Nader in the (2001?) elections. Did I believe that I was partaking in a truly democratic process that gave my voice importance? No, not at all. Growing up in a home where the public sphere was as big our whole house and whole family, the term " discussing politics"  never meant discussing what political candidates were running, or who had a better chance of winning and whittling down our discussions into the confines of the myopia of "the issues". It was never JUST about the defense budget or JUST about roe v wade it was more about moral issues. So tell me, how can we talk more about broadbased moral and humanitarian issues when our entire electoral process is based on lies?  So why did I chose to vote?  For starters I was 19 and my own discussions were myopic unto themselves. I also voted to make a point; (at that age you do stuff like that). It was to point out that while I consider myself Haitian- American, while I hold on to my parent's history/culture and my parent's parent's history and culture, that I was born here and I should be affored the rights that my ancestors (blacks in Haiti and the U.S.) should have. I feel jipped. I voted because my vote SHOULD count and in the last election we see how much it didn't. I hearing the jackasses on campus scream,"If you don't vote, don't talk". I DO vote but i DO understand how ludicrous the whole process is. For starters the electoral college votes NOT you. And second of all if you have enough money you can buy ANYTHING in this country including the presidency.   America, the richest and most powerful nation in the world, can well lead the way in this revolution of values.A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual death.There is nothing except a tragic death wish to prevent us from reordering our priorities, so that the pursuit of peace will take precedence over the pursuit of war.   -MLK    Historical experience indicates that the crucial element in changing policy is a national mass movement.   - Howard Zinn  That's why I want to be involved in supporting Kucinich for president. Not because my vote counts but because it should. My father always told me that people don't give you respect you earn it. Same goes for power. No one's going to listen to you , you must make yourself heard. Our votes will not count unless we make them count......