So I promised myself that I'd blog at least once every work day...... this will be interesting....  I was supposed to go out last night but i suggested that we hang out and go for a walk because I couldn't afford anything more than that and my friend was just like "don't you work? Why are you broke?" and then I realized that I've worked three jobs this summer and my ass is STILL broke, because in this economy you can work but you're lucky if you ACTUALLY get paid. It's like getting paid is a luxury. Before I go on a rant about the New School University and their ludicrous beaureaucratic practices I'll tell you how i can work like a jamaican  (I've got 10 jobs mahn...I'm a steamboat worker, a cook, a security guard etc....ala  In living color)  1)I'm an RA in one of the dorms with no kitchen AND i don't get a meal plan. THat means that I have to eat out for almost every meal i have and if you live in manhattan it gets expensive. THEY do not pay me money, or a meal plan or anything... hmmph  2)I work in catering on long island. They paid me up until they lost the wedding accounts for the summer but I'd work only once tops twice a week with them and all THAT money went to food  3) I work at the lang (www.lang.edu) office of admissions and THEY are supposed to pay me tommorrow! omy goodneess! Anyone want to go to dinner? I can afford it! and drinks! Who wants to get drinks! email me!  Because I'm going to get a check (and others subsequently and on a regular basis)  I decided that I'm going to make my first major independent purchase a new computer! YES! I'm going to need it for grad school and such. I'm starting a database (hopefully gooing online) of research in my particular field (who knows what that is yet) but basically i'm going to have a database of ethnographies, and oral histories and papers etc....It'll be a website but much....much more....... hmmmm.... so I haven't done this ina  while...any technobrats help me out here! I haven't been a computer nerd since i was an engineering major in h.s. and MY soo much has changed. THe computers i'm looking at now would have been NASA supercomputers back in my day! It's all relative I guess. I'm still paying for my dell laptop which is obsolete but right now i'm going to get an affordable desktop....they've gotten cheaper. I can get a good brand name computer for UNDER a  thousand bucks WITH 80 GIGABYTES (can you believe it?) of HD space....  hmmmm