Hunger hurts....but starving works    Ok, ok....so i played hooky today. I woke up the the most amazing migraine. Sparring is NOT for the faint of heart, it is strictly for those with hard head so to speak. After reading Ed's blog and actually being at the send off last nite and also cutting off some romantic loose ends so to speak I feel like i've come full circle. Though I've tried not to let it get to me I realized how much cutting off I've done this year, cutting myself off from things that were holding me back and as much as I try to stay with people and things that have given me what I thought was a safe space, a comfortable space a space that would push me and it's not. Like many things it has been holding me back. I realize now how much of myself I've kept hidden or just displaced because it didn't fit into the spokenword routine of chapbooks and slamming and featuring etc... I've sort of become the has been spoken word artist that never was.....  Sending everyone off last nite i was asked yet again why i'm not going to nationals for the record I'll respond. 1. I ain't got  the loot 2. If it was that important to me right now, i would have found a way to get the loot 3. I'd rather go if i was peforming; I can get really really drunk in NYC. I don't have to pay to do it in Cha-town 4. This isn't a group that I feel i belong to. I have friendships with singular people but i've never been really good with groups 5. I've got shit to do like my thesis  Speaking of which, I've made today very productive. It's amazing what ephedra does. It's like caffeine but you can focus and you dddon't need  a prescription like it's ritalin. Ok, I've never been an avid drug user but i am an aspiring over achiever and well you  gotta do what you gotta do. My to do list for today reads more like like the Brain's (Pinky and the Brain) to do list for every evening.... "Try and take over the world" hmmm......  I called up some of my old professors from Fredonia State University and I'm setting up some pre-lim teaching seminars in order to  get my feet wet for grad school. I'm sitting here typing like the mad professor that I want to be and it feels great. Now that I'm not romantically distracted I can refocus on my work. My romantic tendencies are so cyclical and so binary. It's either I'm devoted to you or my work or my work or you. I can dangle between the two or at the very least you must be content with a close second place. oh well.....I'm super duper hyped and super duper focused......and speaking of which i've got to get back to work.....  I should add a comments section....