"but devoting your life to social justice has it's perks. it gives meaning to your life.... It let's you know that through all your trials tribulations whining tears embarrassments and failures that you done did good, you know? Martydom is romantic to folks like you and me" -I.B  Isn't it? I lost my wallet on Friday. In an effort to use my time productively, I decided to reread Brave New World (aldous huxley) in an effort to reorient myself with my senior thesis. For those that don't know....I'm (trying) to do a work called  The Evolution of Tyranny in America :Plantation to Prison  Sounds fun right? Wrong. I'm like what, 22? I've been working on this since i was 18? it's not gotten any easier....ok so maybe it has. The project is overwhelming but it's the one thing I've truly and completley fallen in love with. Deeply committed to it, I refuse to give it up though life seems to keep handing me curveballs that deter me from it. Alone, with my thoughts and my books.....it does give me warmth at night. Romantic? yes.....but we all need a little (or alot ) of that romance. OF course there were the issues with financial aid, Not getting the RA position which would have aloud me to stay in the city and for ONCE in my 3 years back in nyc JUST focus on work and not the rent, and the MTA fare hike and my landlord. Great  materials for poetry and short stories but REALLY distracting for cultural anthropology. Or maybe not.....wanting to find a space to be quiet and theorize the poetics of the space that I'm currently living in is well .....I'm choking. Trying to get it out and the confines of poetry are doing it enough. So what is this rant? More like "reflections on a lost wallet".  You wouldn't believe the amount of money i lost in not checking behind me as i got up from the train. I wonder of public space would dictate to anyone who found it to look into my wallet, see that i was a broke ass student and be moved to return to me my hard earned money but while i have faith in humanity, my faith is not dogmatic. The chances of that happening are slim to none. Humanity is defined by it's frailty and inability to live up to the moral code it imposes on itself.....but MY ASS IS STILL BROKE and broker than before. I lost a monthly metrocard (209 dollars)and a bi weekly paycheck (you do the math)....hurts don't it?