"Maybe that was why poets and artists were needed by the human race: because everyone felt like an alien, but poets were the ones who knew how to express it in words."  Erica Jong, Parachutes and Kisses   "And that's our gig" says my poetry professor. "To translate the unspeakable into words" and as I think of my solemn promise to write everyday, I see how ridiculously hard that is going to be....to go to that place where everything is always a metaphor, where you can smell life in your pores  (and that last line made sense). See it's not that i'm not dramatic enough for poetry, it's that I never got comfortable with that side of myself. Maybe it was early childhood catholicism, maybe it has something to do with the strict code of conduct (which i apparently never heed to ) that comes with being Haitian. Ever since I've started this poetry thing, I've had to defend it in my classrooms and namely at home. I've had to defend why this writing that I do is important, why it's relevent so I fall back, on anthropology. An archaic discipline that will give me the credibility I still so desperately ache for.  So here I am. I 'm starting my ethnographic research next semester and I plan on taking meticulous fieldnotes that keep a certain scientific rigor while engaging the reader at the same time. So this is my gig...turning otherwise useless data and attaching it to various claims in order to translate it into the larger social sphere.......So yeah...that's my gig and still I have the nerve to ask why poetry is relevent? Why do i keep it to the side like some boyfriend who albeit great is ugly and i'm embarrassed to introduce him to me friends (Sex in the City: Episode 5 '1998)?    And then Advanced Poetry on Mondays and Wednesdays and I find myself in blistering arguments with those who criticize "slam poetry" (also code word for black/urban poetry). People stating (though they've heard maybe 3 performance poets in their entire lives) that it doesn't "stand up on the page". So I pose this question,  What exactly does Standing up on the page mean?   In my academic poetry classes it means that  it's abstract, and obscure (something my white male peers love) and has nothing to do with anything. In short, it's lacking in contact and disguises it with a strict attention to form, however there are lots of poets (half of the poets at bar 13) who's work stands up well on the page and hits  home alot quicker. So in that case it seems as if "standing up on the page" is just code for INACCESSIBLE. This means that if my moms can understand the poem at a first , second or third reading it's not good? One of the major differences I've seen has been the immediacy of slam poetry vs what's recognized as "academic poetry"    Any comments from the peanut gallery?