A few years back I wrote an article for  Poets & Writers  on the poetry slam that included the following quote from Bob Holman:   "Poetry itself is revolutionary. To write a poem, even to read a poem, to take on all that language can give you is to become an activist. To get the poem to people in this world, you have to utilize the mechanisms that this world provides." While I still buy his last point, that you have to work within the system, I'm not so sure anymore about that first part.  What makes poetry revolutionary? Is it the fact that it's one of the more underappreciated art forms? Is it its inherent flexibility, the fact that different types of poetry can appeal to vastly different groups of people? How is this different from film? Or novels? Or dance, for that matter? If there's no real difference, where's the revolution come in?  As for poets being activists, is that necessarily true? Does it depend on subject matter? Would a right-wing, Christian fundamentalist poet be considered an activist? What about funny poets? Would that mean stand-up comedians are activists? Can you be an activist against your will, or despite your best intentions to be anything but?  Do poets have a responsibility to anything beyond than their own art? More or less so than actors? Does a poet lose legitmacy for purposely giving their art a commercial bent?  Where is the line between accessibility and pandering?  Was Walt Whitman cognizant of his place in literary history? What about Emily Dickinson? Does the fact the she went virtually unknown until after her death make her more or less a poet?  If a poet wins the National Poetry Slam, does it help or impede their career? Or, does it have no material effect at all?  Regie Gibson, 1998 indie champ, peaked in 1997 with the release of  Love Jones . Roger Bonair-Agard, 1999 indie champ, peaked in 2000 with the publication of the co-authored  Burning Down the House . Shane Koyczan, 2000 indie champ, peaked in...2000 with the indie championship. Mayda del Valle, 2001 indie champ, was an original cast member of the Tony award-winning  Def Poetry  and is now touring the country with Norman Lear's  Declare Yourself . The National Poetry Slam itself peaked in 1999 with an appearance on the front page of the  New York Times'  Arts section and a featured segment on  60 Minutes .  Like the mainstream's fickle tastes, the mechanisms to reach them change like the wind. Has poetry slam's moment passed?  Tackle some of these questions directly in the comments section or in your own journals and post the links. Some of this will be fodder for the next  louder than words , Friday, May 21st with RAC and Keith Roach.