Why you wanna stick me for my papers? In true new school university tradition i am totally leeching off of nyu's facilitities. while NSU computers are way better, NYU is open (at least the basement is) 24/7. Call it leeching? I call it getting what i paid for he he he... Just finished the first draft of my senior work proposal (at least as much as I'm gonna get done tonight) Just got to spell check etc. tomorrow.....Saw rita dove with m.c, rich,lynne and roger. It was good. Ashamed to say it but it was my first time hearing dove's work. I don't know, I think i just assumed that she was some sissy mainstream poet but she was actually pretty cool, her work any way and she seemed pretty level headed. Being around such a fast life and such in your face work, there was a certain elegence and happiness that i felt in her work, an appreciation for life. in short i kept thinking "so this is what HAPPY  poets write about " lol......anyway...it made for a rich nite of chit chatting with m.c. and rich. my first time really getting to hang out with either one of them and also just hanging out with people closer to my age....it was cool...of course poetry was discussed and i think of where i was three years ago...just coming onto this scene, where i was how far ive come how far i've receded. This being the twilight of my undergraduate career IS a time for reflection , artisitically as well as personally. I think thats why this film project is becoming sort of a docu-history of that. While there are some people i'd rather leave out for personal reasons as a documentarian it's part of my history and part of slam history.... i was watching brown sugar last nite (corny ass movie) and basically this girl was talking about being in love with hip hop and how that was a metaphor for the man she loved....weak WEAK WEAK ass metaphor but i understood the basic concept and kind of related to it....at least in the context of slam. documenting it is alot like documenting me....i can recall so many moments by doing a timeline of the poets i discovered as well as the poems i've written.   "And sometimes i put them [poems] in little piles and walk around and seeing which piles they want to fit in" Rita dove at the New School University on talking about how she bundles her poems together before making them into a book.  This documentary so far will be that.....different interviews, different performances. They will be "little piles"....i just wonder how they'll get bundled together good nite sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite