I'm still in the computer lab.......The first draft of my Senior Thesis is due this Friday....10 people out of my whole senior class(of a hundred) have handed it in...Next on my to do list after that is finishing up my syllabus for Rikers (it's on its way   fish) , and then maybe get a friggin life......so?   Top 10 Signs You're Burned Out  10.You're so tired you now answer the phone "hell"   9.Your best friend calls to ask how you've been and you immediately scream "Get off by back, bitch!"   8.Your garbage can is your "IN" box   7.You wake up to discover that your bed is on fire, but go back to sleep because you just don't give a fuck  6.You have so much on your mind that you've forgotten how to pee   5.Visions of the upcoming weekend help you make it through Monday   4.You sleep more at work/school than you do at home   3.You leave for a party and instinctively bring your briefcase/bookbag  2.Your palm pilot exploded   1.You think about how relaxing it would be if you were in jail right now   he he he....on that  note I'm working on this little project....you might have heard of it? "The Evolution of Tyranny in American:From Plantation to Prison". I was told by fish that it's a little Panter-ish.....I take his criticism with a grain of salt....ANYWAY it's my lifes work. When I die, I can say I did this and that idea is what I think seperates writers from regular people; we define our lives by what we produce. Fucked up? a little....this is precisely why most professors i know have trouble dealing with regular things like life? love? walking and chewing gum? I don't wanna end up like that but I fear I'm getting close. The more i study people the less I seem able to interact.........but that's a WHOLE other thesis....taking   mr. gonzalez's lead  Here's the whole book meme so foar ( Meme: copy somebody else's list, delete the authors that aren't on your shelf, and add some authors you have - keeping the number at ten.)   Dawn Saylor's List:  Neil Gaiman Michael Chabon Jack McCarthy Douglas Adams Philip K. Dick Sandra Cisneros Lee Francis Erica Jong Jhumpa Lahiri Jonathon Franzen  ( i have none of dawns books)   Guy Le Charles Gonzalez:  Lawrence Block Carl Hiaasen Matt Ruff Ed Greenwood Jessica Rydill Howard Zinn Gary Jennings Eduardo Galeano Willie Perdomo Patricia Smith  Mine...  Roger Sanjek Arundhati Roy Rafael Campo Ai Howard Zinn Jonathan Kozol Frantz Fanon Karl Marx Mao Tse Tung  Madeline L'Engle   peanuts anyone?