.......or maybe not....but I AM the one mostly likely to go on a killing spree in my office...Maybe it's my own idealism or maybe it's my ability to see RIGHT through bulllshit ego/power trips juxtaposed with my morbid inability to hide that fact that i think that you are a "Worthless, spineless piece of shit" which makes it difficult for me to prosper in a corparate environment. It's 5:38 pm and I've just rushed out of the office counting the seconds till I can get a fellowship that will wisk me into academic bliss....no rent: I'll live in the dorms no bils: I'll live in the dorms no tuition: I teach  no expenses:I get a stipend for being cool ............ahh.....the blessed fellowship but back to reality. No matter WHAT office you work in, there's going to be politics involving egos and (metaphoric) phallaces that need to be stroked because well.....people are just fragile like that. Just ask THIS leo......but the thing is...a creative mind is not built for corporate america...corporate america is built on greed, lust for money, self loathing, pettiness and above all competition by any means neccessary.    "Thats what happens  you put a bunch of Alpha's on an island..........it's as if their brains are in a syncope.....An alpha would be miserable doing Beta work" -  Brave New World so no matter WHAT office you work in you'll have   but why am i complaining? It could always get .......  worse   Anyway.....at least last nite was fun. Went to 13 ( I know ).....saw Taylors feature, which I enjoyed very much. I HAVE to go see Teacher! Teacher! on saturday if i know what's good for me...shit....speaking of which I was supposed to go see a play tonight (like THAT's gonna happen). So i spent last nite drinking (Maureen, you're too good to me)...well drinking implies multiple drinks...I had two and I was gone....and it was nice not to give a shit for a change and just chill, listen to some poetry (good or bad it's inspirational) AND i learned something....ok well i forgot everything i learned last night but let me tell you...props help! I wish Taylor was my teacher....anyway..in light of the lesson we got last nite , I leave you with this   Dilbert's "Salary Theorem" states that "Engineers and scientists can never earn as much as business executives and sales people."    This theorem can now be supported by a mathematical equation based on the following two postulates: Postulate 1: Knowledge is Power.  Postulate 2: Time is Money.   As every engineer knows: Power = Work / Time   And since: Knowledge = Power And: Time = Money It is, therefore, true that Knowledge = Work / Money   Solving this equation for Money, we get: Money = Work / Knowledge   Thus, as Knowledge approaches zero, Money approaches infinity, regardless of the amount of Work done.   Conclusion: The less you know, the more you make.