Just so folks know, I am putting up poems as often as they come, my goal is two a week no matter how they suck. I'm trying to humiliate myself...wait no...i meant build humility. It's just an exercise in producing work. Well i realy think i did it this time, i bit off WAY more than i can chew. I have a tendency to do that, Try to do everything at once I mean. I mean paul robeson is totally my hero! He managed to go to law school during the week while playing pro football on the weekends, learn 23 languages, be a major figure in the left during the twenties and thirties, be a major actor and singer all in his lifetime. He did everything and did it well. I wanna be just like him or Oprah...I've decided that Oprah is my new hero. A big girl with big dreams (like me!) I mean i know it sounds corny but something about her Cover on O(her magazine) AND on essence as one of the most powerful black women in the world...i dunno..It did something to me. See, I'm a simon de beauvoir kind of girl in the sense that growing up, all the ultra successful people i looked up to were men. I didn't have enough female role models, not to mention black women. As I grow into womanhood...i dunno it's been hard....though I have a mother, i really don't so it's been extra hard trying to be a woman who's not trying to be a man. Anyway.....Oprah is rich as hell but it's not that, she did it on her own terms , in her own skin. She seems well..............nice. Condaleeza Rice was also on the list. Albeit she's powerful, she's the anthi thesis of what I want to be. She's a friggin sell out uncle time right wing ......well i won't dog a sistah THAT much but i don't like her. I have to go do work...i don't know how the fuck i'm gonna make it through this week since i barely made it through last week. I don't have time to write but i'm making time right now because the 15 minutes i spend writing in this blog, well i need it to keep my fucking sanity. This movie thing is getting SOOO big so quick. I'm putting a year time line on it an di'm getting a crew. That's just fucking it. I'll do the interviews myself but GODDAMN!....read my fucking poems and comment please