WOOHOOO! i was watching the game  last nigth as i started to edit some of the footage that i filmed. Lesson 1...ALWAYS STORYBOARD even if it is a documentary 2. Final cut pro is cool but 6 hours go by QUICK. Well every domincan/spanish person in ALL of persons must of been on the 8th floor UCC bulding (all 5 of them) and it was a great time, with only two folks rooting for the redsoxs. Now normally i'm not a huge base ball fan but after catching a glimpse of the Cubs MAJOR fuck up i got interested in the series. I felt bad for them and  i DO believe that they are cursed, you have to be to have fans THAT stupid. Thing is you can always get into a series and surprisingly enough the game last night moved with SUCH high intensity. I kept thinking to myself "Yanks calm the fuck down" They were swinging at everything that moved and by the 4th innining they were sweating bullets. What i didn't u nderstand though was why Pedro Martinez look so damned shook by the fifth inning..prolly cuz he knows that the yanks are pro's and that they will NOT go quietly in the night. All the redsox had to do was fuck up ONCE and the yanks would take advantage of that and that's what happened. What's his face should have been out but the other whats his face trips over himself and suddenly MAN ON BASE. After that the whole game changed and I said to ALL WHO DOUBTED ME!! that the yanks would win and that they'd turn it around in the 8th and i was right....i didn't expect 11 FUCKING INNINGS! though. I finally had to leave after the bottom of the 9th cuz it was getting really late and my ass was tired and i wanted to go home so i figure i'll find out who one at penn right? I get to penn (which is like 10 m in away) and they're in the 11th inning! i'm like you're kidding me right? All of penn station was empty except for crowding at the two bars down there. (I have issue with that but that's a whole  other blog) so now there are two outs and i'm like SHIT my train is leaving! so i opt for the train.....as soon as it leaves 12:18 someone gets a call on their cell that the yanks won and the who train goes CRAZY!! mind you i hate stupid, italian/beefhead valley stream long island folks but it was nice for a bout a second to be excited about something across race/class and gender.......to be rooting for a team....and now i know why my dad is so into sports........He alway says that outside the sport there's always racist shit going on and such but inside....the drama tends to be more colorblind..it's just about the game. I don't neccessarily agree........but i see what he means.......and that's the last you'll hear of my color commentating....this does NOT mean monday night football on the regular :)  with the outro music d roy p.s. Sorry about the cubs mike ;)