Ok, so it's 5pm and i'm in the computer lab and I SHOULD be doing homework (I.e. the webpage i was supposed to finish and logging and capturing some video that i shot this weekend) but no i'm on blogger. You know what? who cares? One, no one reads this thing anyway and two i need a release. I commute to friggin manhattan 7 days a week and its really taking a toll on me physically, spiritually, emotionally.....anyway this morning i had one of those dreams, you know the kind where you don't want to wake up at all and you've been in this moment for so long ...........yeah no details needed; it was romantic. Let's get something straight, unless i can figure out a way to turn the 24 hour day into 36 hours, i can't be in a relationship! I know this! it's impossible! but still......there's the pang that i can't ignore that's been ringing in my heart....i have to have the strength to walk away because i certainly can't make the commitment needed to make it work. Oh well.......so i want my cake and eat it too? Is that SOOO bad? I finally find love and i can't fit it into my schedule?that's life? I have to keep reminding myself that this isn't 16 candles and that timing is everything........i'm babbling so i'll stop.  Community word has been AMAZING! it's really helped me delved deeper into my creative process and has helped my writing tons (when i have time to do it.) I know for sure now that i'll be working at Rikers and that will be an interesting experience. I'll get to work with Fish though so that will be great. I'll also be working with Keito and Claudia. We are all such different people with such different styles it'll be interesting to see how it pans out. This is an exciting moment for me....I've been trying to open up into new circles as of late. The 13 crowd has gotten well.......incestuous? It's like the colored version of friends and Cheers............I need some space, however during our presentations I really got to see what other work people were doing including MFA folks and visual artists. I got to see them in a way so much m ore intimate then drinking at a bar. Anyway......I'm also taking myself more seriously as an artist and writer, consequently I'll be taken more seriously. I don't think i considered myself a real "artist" before this, just a naturally creative person. It's a privilage i  tell you. Growing up in nyc , i realize that i'm becoming the people i started at on the F train in junior high...it's a weird finally. It's like adult hood is sneaking in through the back door. NYC is coming alive to me in different ways as well. It's been interesting the way the city has changed for me as I've gotten older (maybe wiser)........................More poems coming soon  diane  p.s. Send your prayers to   bassey  and her little brother