It's my sunday ritual.....a minimum of 8 hours spent in the library, maybe i'll actually catch up on my school work this time. I've decided, i'm taking tommorrow off....from class anyway......I'll spend my day in the library only to reward myself with a movie afterwards. I've been workshopping my poems the past three weeks with sekou sundiata who's teaching my Advanced Poetry class. I've never felt so naked in my life, and I've seen soo much how spoken word has definately limited my progress as a writer. Coming down here to nyc being heavily influenced by alix olson and stephen coleman, well it's led me down a path of kind of ignoring some of the respect for language I used to have. They do what they do and in my opinion they did it well, but in my struggle to find my own voice i find that it parallels my struggle to find myself as woman. I never liked barbie dolls and i looked up to bruce lee and mohammed ali. My heroes were Paul Robeson and Malcolm X, when asked what I wanted to be when I grew up I always said James Baldwin. See a theme here? All MEN!!! this has always (and moreover lately) proved to be kinda  a quandry, struggling to find my femininity (who even knows what that is ) through the lense of masculinity. My own hang up...sure.......still sorting through it? will be for the rest of my existence. Maybe it has to do with not really having a mother.....at least not in the traditional sense. My mother..........well she's a biological accident ( I hope) and if I have anything to do with it then i'll grow up to be nothing like the prissy, selfish, borderline that she is............and part of me wants to be. Part of me knows that she's the only biological link i have ................and part of me needs that biological link ................i just hate what it's linked to. So what do i do? I lambast all things stereotypical about haitian women, the bouginess, the need for a man to do everything for them...............Christ this confusion is well? confusing.....i'm all over the place. well back to poetry...........infused in my poetry is the flowery conceit that is the 5 year old girl from south jamaica queens who sat in a corner and made up stories about the town of little blue people that lived in her ear......and the cynicism of the 19yr old forced to shed her rose colored view of the world and come to grips with the depths of how ugly people can really be........That naivte has go to get squashed.....but so does that cynicism.where's the happy medium?   On a happier note.....my mind has been full (duh?) of business ideas mostly. As graduation looms over my head (As well as my impending but much dreaded adulthood) I keep thinking of lifestyle/monestyle changes. I must open up my own business.....more film at 11..Someone needs to use this computer  diane