I've been processing this weeks show- some things to mention.  *Having guests of a similar bent for a show that is intended to inspire spirited and intelligent debate is not a very good idea- especially if the hosts are not passionate about any opposing views.  Granted, with Bob giving us these two dates on short notice- Guy did the best he could in putting together an attractive marquee-  the show probably would have been a lot higher energy if it were a double feature, not a (wanna-be) debate  problem was- the conversation turned pretty high-brow at times- awesome for coffee, weed, or a single malt with some jazz in the background- but a friend I invited, who's an avid reader of poetry, apologized for falling asleep- I'm not fucking kidding.  For me, I love the cerebral stuff- I could do it all night- but I have this floating antenna that keeps me pretty tuned into the audience at all times, and I felt the drag of the non-hardcore poets- it literally fatigued me- kind of like hosting a low-energy slam.  The challenge is going to be keeping the interest of the non-poetry community once we get them in the door while keeping the content important to poets/artists.  Job one is lacing the stage with talented, passionate and articulate guests and hosts that can only tolerate themselves being right most times, because they believe it fully (or can make you believe it fully, hence, making you question your own shit)-  we're about half-way there.  I think the dialogue is crucial for poetry, but if we string together a few of these, we'll have to do naked mud-wrestling at the break to keep a summer run intact.  Good points- I think Guy and I flowed a lot better this week- there were periods that felt effortless, like crushing a 300 yard drive with a perfect golf swing- and I totally love how he unconsciously begins spewing his personal agenda- then again, that's probably by design- but I like it- he keeps me on my toes, that new age Nazi- Diane lent some quality texture, but I think she was a bit timid in working the crowd  - the best part of the whole debate came with tyhimba jess (sorry if I butchered your name)- it was like he was the only dude in the crowd that had a fucking opinion-   -the rest of the audience was like "oh my goodness, if I open my mouth, Russell will never pick me for def jam!"  hey Russell- if you're reading this, uhm...  I think you're doing amazing things for poets and poetry, and I love your clothes- and although I'm white... I'm Italian- and my black friends (which I have many of) tell me that means I'm not totally white, and maybe even a little black, even though I was born in jersey and don't speak Italian, so-  I'm down. Dig?  Word.  more later.  or not.  etg