Ok, So i am writing this at the dawns early light  (which for me would be 10:18 am) BEFORE i read anyone else's blog ....  So last nite........ Well for starters it was Fish's acentos feature and I trekked out from L.I. to support it.  Believe me, I need more then one reason to make a trip to the city.....i don't like leaving my house unless i have to but that said I did leave for a couple reasons just most of them involved Fish. First off we do community word at Rikers and  I can't avoid his ass, second he called the day off to make it REALLY f-uped if  I didn't show and third...... He's one of the most sincere and honest poets I've had a chance to chill/work with (save for maybe guy but guy i'm gonna still be mad at ya cuz fish has actually READ that "evolution of tyranny in america " thing i sent you monthts ago) Especially with all of the b.s. that has surrounded Bar 13 since Finals last year , the egos, the double speak and the lack of HONESTY, the one thing that I respect about Fish is that he never gets bigger then himself and he doesn't reserve brute honesty only for the people  he DOESNT like. Personal feelings will not distract him from what he knows in his heart is right and is never afraid to say it. It comes it in his work and it comes out when I'm working with him. He's always trying to learn more and never forgets where he came from. He  has a healthy dose of self-confidence without ever being elitist and THAT is why i came out to support fish. I represents something that's still true or at least when its not tries to be and I respect that. So before this blog becomes a whole Fish-a-ton i'll do the Acentos notes ala D- roy D- stroy.  The open mic started off well enough with the talented, the beautiful Maya Azucena. Ok for all those who know me, you'll understand. FUCK TAI FREEDOM FORD! I know longer have a crush on her. My new crush is Maya Azucena! God, who said this last nite.....it was in a poem or mayne Guy said it on the mic but it was something like "......Sometimes we all need patron saints, people who've gone through this path before in order to guide us.." or it may have been Eric's poems.  She's got this really young face but you can see experience and strength in her eyes. She's something that  alot of women try but don't get right......she's poised and i  wanna be her when I grow up. I actually spent the 10 bucks and bought her CD and after getting my wallet stolen  AGAIN i don't have that kind of loot to spend but I figured I'd use it at Rikers during a free write session. I think that's how I met her (as in got to talking to her) ....it was through that show and she rocked it so if she can't get there in person i'llbring the CD.  So now it's a Maya-a-thon..... So there were folks on the open mic. Off the dome it was the librarian lady (janie?), me, eric, m.c. siegal, rich (rockin that sexy ass cap. he looked     like a young pinero if pinero had stopped doing crack and started eating) hmmmmm.... R.L the gifted one , juan diaz (two babies talking about their penises), i can't remember his name but he's ALWAYS at t13 and does the old school rhymes. He did a piece about the  greatest day of his life it was real real fun. " My ex wife got married to this guy named Tony/ Now I don't have to pay alimony/etc..." you get the picture :)   Now getting into the Feature......I know Fish was nervous. He's nervous because he takes his shit seriously. His parents were there and Cousin Ed was there and he wanted to prove something not to us per se but to him self and that was fun to watch...He was doing his thing taking us on instrospective trips into his past with his father.....third person stories about a young peurto rican woman (she sings) and his loud vibrant odes to the bronx. Poems about parole (she adjusted her 15 yr on the job bun) and about redemption (12 hours) Shit i was about to cry with him UNTIL i had the intense urge to turn around and grab the bartender by her neck,  and shake her until her fake titties shifted out of place. This bitch, who I might add was quiet during Maya's set.......so quiet in fact that she didn't want to open the register in order to give me my change) was a loud , attention seeking, racist, immature, bitch. It starts off with her answering  a phone call VERY  LOUDLY "RONI I KNOW ITS  YOU WHAT THE FUCK DO YOU WANT"...... Roni is on my shit list too. I caught a quick look at Rich who attempted to go over there and tell her to shut up be she was not having it. She continues this shit all through the night, answering numerous calls loudly, engaging in loud conversation and pouring Ice. Now we could all say that she was just seeking attention (which is no excuse) but she had an accomplice. The idiot with shit pierced in his mouth. What the hell is that anyway!  Whenever I see people with mulitiple tatooes on their face and piercings i always think  " Yourself cannot be found in sterling silver". She made comments about how white people weren't welcome in Acentos and i think everyone remembers her saying "well what about the white Irish!......no one's representing white irish!" and the room feel silent, not because there were not white people, but that one presence made  you not what to call attention to your own whiteness.I live in valley stream long island. I see this kind of shit everyday. I live right on the border between a staunchly italian neighborhood and a west indian one and i see what happens when the line gets crossed. As soon as I walked in the FDNY cats thought it was perfectly ok to try to hold my hand etc. ( i don't even want to go into it). Honestly if it wasn't ACentos would have been the intro to a gangbang. It reminded me of Resevoir kind of. It's not as bad is this situation, but i won't go into that bar unless it's a monday night and there's about 20 other colored folks around me. But last nite it was our space and it was cool .It's not my show, it's not my venue, I'll keep my rants here, and i won't punch her out ( but i won't tip)   The night ended grand with a express train ride with Eric and his friend from Germany ( WHO I LOVE!) he gave me this chocolate.....magic chocolate....with sweet milk chocolate and macadmeia nuts. Johann gets a warm shout out from ME. Ever tasted European chocolate? It's got the same powers as the ice cream truck........it CAN trigger world piece.....  and on that note I'll leave a poem....... I alway try to write when I'm  at an open mic/reading. PEOPLE ....not good poetry, not bad poetry are inspiring and that's where the sanctity of the mic is kept.  I want to fucky you  and use it as revenge  make having to sleep in the wet spot my motive  I'll use " Sorry officer I was busy picking out hospital gowns for our first abortion. No we haven't picked a date out" as my alibi  I want to remember exactly how palms fit perfectly into thighs  the specific order of sighs that spell " I missed you" more explicitly then first letter in Arabic aleph nuanced enough to recognize silence in it's alphabet  I want to pretend that i was only practicing love at first sight because you were not scheduled to come till after grad school I was not scheduled to come till after dinner but not everything works out as planned.  I wanted to meet you in the future when experience caught up with the smart girl in Freshman Engilsh with alot of potential and turned her into the women i've been investing in deferred principles as i paid her interest in attention    I want all of this  I want none of this  I can no longer write love poems  to myself in the third person with you as the intermediary I shouldn't have to look to you to see right through me  take the Co out of dependence make my baggage light learn to stay home alone on saturday nights   so cut me make me woman i wanted to meet you in the future now i sew up my heart with salt laced sutres.  First loves rarely  become your last so presently I write you into the past.