To Do today 1. Finish my finals.....ALL of them 2. Develop a working pedagogy for rikers inmates (by 5pm) 3. Pick up lighting equipment for Sunday 4. blow dry and curl my hair 5. find time to update blog for those who wish to know those pointless details about my existence 6. continue a working friendship with Major Ex version.3.1.1. circa Summer '03 and accept love with falling for it  It's 12:08 and i'm doing a running time line of my day. i woke up about a half hour ago while dreaming about today's timeline wondering how i could squeeze 27 hours out of a 24 hour day while at the same time trying to figure out how i can squeeze a dollar out of 15 cents. Yes, the same logic applies. Last nite i started RETURNING calls at 11:45 pm when i got out of the library, met my dad at 12:30 to get a ride home and went to sleep at 2 am after stopping for some chicken. Gary asked me last nite if it wasn't just a bit late for my weekly diner all nite rendezvous with my dad, i replied that in a house a with a bi-polor,manic with narcissistic rage who is controlling and obsessessed with our eating habits, fried chicken doesn't fly in peace. This sleep involved all the conversations I'm either to busy or to afraid to have with people in my real life only to wake up to a FUCKING BLIZZARD!!   oh the weather outside is frightful but inside is so delightful     Timeline needs to be redone to include weather.  sidenote: LEARN SPANISH!! i told rich this the other day.... "I like my men like my coffeee, con leche   and my  [   ] like my [   ], con alma"  that coupled with the really , really cute group of dominican boys (new transfers at parsons school of design) that hang out in the computer center with me.  (one of which i helped with a paper last nite wooohoo!) spanish definately needs to be learned...oh yeah and the bilingual classroom and some shit like that would be useful too  MOVING ON!! with the timeline........my day begins at 6:30 am usually and ends at 2 am the next day. And y'all wonder why i drink on mondays, however in about 3 weeks this will all be over. Next semester I only have class on Fridays coupled with Rikers on Friday nites. I'm actually going to be getting school credit for going there and interning at community word, so that means that  I'll manage to take 18 credits and have to write only ONE paper the whole semester and have any real class on friday afternoons PLUS i graduate. Yes the "youngster" is finally getting out of college, so get the lolita (roger) fantasies out and over with. if i get this job i interviewd for, i'll also be moving back to manhattan  and that will be interesting. I vow if i move back to the city i'll go to Acentos  more. i also vow that i'll work out and i'll quit smoking. After that who knows...... I really want to relocate, like seriously relocate not jersey  or westchester or the bronx I mean get out of this city. New York kids rarely if ever leave and i'm afraid if i don't my twenties will be a blur and i won't know what happened. I've got freedom, before long term committment , before kids , before job with loads  of money......i've got to fly and on that note  good bye