It's 1:28 and I have yet to learn to go to bed early...I will once my workouts get more intense...my body can only take so much. It'll help when it gets warmer. There's an amazing view from my bedroom window. The snow is blanketting the city as I speak. I know  full well that tomorrow morning will be the coldest day of the year but that doesn't worry....the present tense is too enrapturing... forgive me this is weird......scurrying like a mouse with her tail cut off, its been so long since the quiet has slowed me down long enough to let me hear my own life unfold....shhhh...  I just spent an hour talking on the fone with my ex.........and it didn't hurt. Once I spent more time listening to him and loving him for who he was in the present.......it was easier...looking back I realize how little I actually listened, how often I interrupted and how not in love I really was. I was too wrapped up in feeling out of control to ever appreciate him for the man he was as oppopsed to the man I wanted him to be which was simply a man that was an extension of me.......I was young so whatever....On monday there was this poet ...i forget her name...you've seen her....or at least her poetry....the kind that talks about men who've done wrong......Point is...women are always looking for the right man....the prince charming who's going to whisk you off your feet and tell you who you are and how you want it.... but what goes into being a good woman, prepraring yourself for the one you were destined for ?  it means investing in yourself and your own dreams because relationships are like gifts and if you define yourself by the man you are with what do you really have to offer? Instead of always searching for what he's done for you lately , what have you done for yourself? I'm ranting..........and existing....in this moment...the glimpse of the woman I hope to be one day...patient...observant and above all loving and unwilling to bend to the shit life has to offer......broken hearts are lessons in the fact that you're just not loving hard enough yet.   "life comes in waves  be like the surf and give  in to the ocean" -Y tu Mama Tambien