Just to get things off my chest I must say this with utmost sincerity........i HATE clay aiken. That gay poser is the number hit amongst internet search. I'd probably respect his corny ass if he was out and was like some gay spokesperson or something but all he is , is a stark reminder of the racism  in this country. By some freak accident Rueben Studdard was voted American Idol but this racist, right wing, hitler-esque country is not ready to have a black man as an american idol. We've already had several....malcolm x ...martin luther king...paul robeson...to name a few and what happened to them. They were either victims of U.S. one bullet politcs or vilified to the point of dying as hermits. No, that can't happen, so Rueben can only get any real play on BET not MTV. We've got to prove that America got it wrong. That even though rueben was voted , he can't be america's real idol! I mean come on! ...........moving on  I just finished watching my new favorite movie..Y tu mama tambien....If you haven't seen it do. And if your in the mood also see All About my mother and Talk to me. You spanish speaking people you! Oh and I saw Frida today. Thank my colombian sistah Tatiana for furnishing me with such an awesome world perspective. As far as artistic direction it was on some other level, visually stunning and the characters.....well all I have to say is VIVA CHARLATOS!! i won't talk any more just rent it.  If you haven't already  noticed I've been a tad bit depressed lately.........just a tad. Between a ton of family issues (if you don't know the details then it's probably not your business), school and etc....I haven't been myself at all but what was really missing was my coping mechanism which was muay thai. I started doing muay thai late last december and I had gotten really into it. For those that don't know muay thai is a martial art from thailand. It's different from American kickboxing in that it's more fluid, and you use knees and elbows and alotmore clenching. It's pretty brutal.........but very very physical. When I stopped slamming I had found this and it was "my own personal fightclub." It's true, you do'nt know yourself if you've never been in a fight. I realized I didn't. I was also training 5 times a week and getting into better shape then I had been in a long time then I get a toe injury which totally fucks me up. Sounds small but spraining your big toe offsets your whole body. You're not in alignment, allyour weight is on it....they told me if i fought I'd break it and i didn't want that. Well 4 weeks turned into 6 turned into 9 and before I knew it I hadn't trained in 6months and gained tons of weight. Plus I had broken up with the guy I was seeing, so no work out, no sex add some stress mix in some family issues, add a dash of convuluted hormones equaling out to no endorphins and you've got a recipe for one sad anxious girl....  well today was my first workout of 2004. Gary had given me his membership for December while he was away so I used it and those instructors worked me! I was in soo much pain but oh well no pain no gain. After a week and a half off I tried again in the total beginner's class. I'm not a total beginner but I'm in total beginner shape so..... so it was good, great actually. That followed by a Yoga class and suddenly the world wasn't so complicated, it might never have been but for me it was clouded. I'm not even in any pain... just alot a lighter....My goal.....to jump rope two minutes and do 30 pushups by the end of February. THis lard ass needs to shape up....well it's late Community Word Internship tomorrow.... and tomorrows lesson? learning to say no  nite