Ok, let's try this again. I had started this blog entry by showing off about my sexy new pc. Oh you haven't heard? the one with the 2.6 gig cpu WITH hyperthreading, 2 gigs of ram, dual dvd burner (i've got TWO of em!), a 19 inch screen and wireless mouse and keyboard which means that i can now post from the comfort of my bed. I can write down my dreams before i forget them, without worrying about my boss looking over my shoulder at my posts. No this does not mean i'm rich, this means i've been saving for this computer since summer and it came in time cuz my other ancient machine died acouple weeks ago. It's amazing how disconnected I've felt the past couple of months, not just cuz of my computer but tons of other things. First off moving back to long island was a harrowing experience. I moved out of my parents house at 18 and though it's not abnormal to be living at home at 22 and still in college it was a MAJOR step back for me. I had my reasons (other then financial). My parents are getting a divorced( don't tell me you feel sorry, they need to be apart) but my little brother and my dad needed me so here i want. This left me commuting from long island and let me tell you , when you are faced with a 1 to 2 hour commute home, alone, drunk and to your parents , you're really not up for going out, plus i couldn't just spontaneously hang out with people, it had to be planned and that always meant expectations and well disappointment, so my ass just went to the library and home and well ........i felt just a little lonely .  Long story short this was a tough semester, I lost my wallet (twice), was so damned broke i hurt, was busy, run down, and lonely, but this is a new year. I've got not one but two steady jobs, the guys at rikers are the bomb, i'm living in the city, and i'm about to graduate. So this is my new years post, a reflection on my past and a plan for my future  First things first........ 1. I'm a kid, kid like, kiddish and curious    it can be trying and interesting and it's me for where i am now    thanks matt (so i saw my name mentioned a couple more times in your blog) for listening    through all the alchohol, Gary for your patience and love, Papi for being my rock, bassey for all those late    nite AIM sessions, Fish for keeping it real and last but not least Oscar for forgiveness.........I've missed you.  2. I'll spend alot more time editing all the shit i wrote last year and finally put out a chap book or self publish  3. Work out. I've done al ot of internal work, so now my external is going to get some work. I want to get back to the weight that i was at this time last year. ( I won't say what that was but trust me it's alot thinner) I'll be back boxing now that my toe is healed. ( i still feel pain but i'll work around it.) It's going to be harder then when i first started cuz i'm alot heavier but that factors into my 2005 goals which is to compete....next  4. Have publishable research by MAY. It'll get done. period  5. Love all the people i've been loving but haven't had the time too  6. drink more.   there's more but they are more private. I'm going to start keeping a private journal cuz there's just some stuff that's straight none of your damned business. It'll be hard but i'll try to keep it separate....  ok NEXT!! top ten things I loved about 2003  10. Realizing that Christina Aguilera can actually sing! (she's dumb as a post but she really can sing) 9. Community Word 8. G-boy 7. blogs! BLOGS! BLOGS! 6. Discovering the magic of digital movie making 5. eating Indian Food for the first time ( thanks peter!) 4. The Matrix Reloaded 3. The Matrix Revolutions 2. Return of the King 1. Realizing how racist return of the king while at the same time getting closer to my dad and my little brother again. It was a good year.....a really good year  Mood: relaxed, tired, excited Listening to: Korn, Freak on a Leash  good nite , good people