I just ordered a coffee........sugar no cream......a poet would see the irony in it all. If you want the full coverage check out    mc's blog   for the story. I don't particularly feel like revisiting it. After much yelling I went to sleep fine but still I woke up pretty.....de centered. It's almost 11am and I still can't get any work done. This shit happens every day, mostly because  of my ideas and the intersection of those ideas with my being a black woman. It's ok, its' the world I live in and the price I pay for being who I am but last night, well last night was different. Last night it wasn't about my ideas or my politics and one might even argue that it wasn't about me at all. For that moment I was in an all white bar in the middle of fredonia new york and I all I was was a thing, the personification of all things dark, of all the rage you harbored hearing the OJ verdict, of all the images of project queens and of course the aftermath staring back. Being there was threatning, not to me but to them. Never once acknowledging that me or MC was there, comic after comic went up and made fun of  two drunk (white) nyu girls in the corner with their boyfriend but me and mc were invisible. He was by association and the dynamic proved far to complex for their feeble minds to comprehend butmost knew not to even go there. Armed with their own commitment to political correctness they did what most white people in that situation do and ignored me. But there's always that one white person who feels that his space is being trampled on and that he was the right to say racist jokes in front of black people. An idea that is insipid, natural and instinctive because had i not been there it would have gone by unnoticed and had i not walked out it was have gone on unapologized for. So I'm here, posting, not because i want to but because i need to. This is my only defense. It's not perfect, the version I had on my way to work this morning was alarminglymore witty and insightful...right now i'm trying to remember those words, remember my feelings.   That wasn't the first time I heard that joke and it certainly won't be the last , I felt strength for being able to get up and walk out but I felt stupid as well. Like a catholic rape victim my instinct was to blame myself for being in that situation. As anger rose in me so did guilt. What was a I doing there with a white boy nonetheless and the ghosts of  insipid "I told you so's" chased me out of that basement.    this is your turf m.c.  I joked as we decided to go in   protect me   He thought I was joking I'm sure.  He asked me before why I went to 13. This love hate relationship was confusing and I forgot what my answer was. What I mean is that i forgot what makes me go there every monday night, why I deal with the drama, why it always feels like home, like the fucked up incestuous family that it is and then I remembered fredonia state university Spring 2001. I remember being so thoroughly tired of being in situations like this, I remembered thinking   well this kind of racism will happen my whole life but I don't want to be schooling my white friends in how to act in these situations. Frankly i'm sick of having them period. At least in new york there's black people.   Then I met roger and then I went to 13 and then I found a place where everyone knows my name (and my drinks). It was a bout two blocks away from my school (which is all white) and had more black artists then any other place i had been too. It was safe. Every time we storm resevoirs on monday nites, i feel safe armed by knowing that there are things i need not explain. A place where I'm free to explore idiosyncrasies in myself  and not focus on how white peopleview me. A place where I'm not watched, dissected, or feared.  So now i go back to my page, the blank page and this is my defense. Sure I could have let m.c. beat up the guy but that wouldn't have made me feel any better and it wouldn't have changed anything. I'm not going to let his paradigm be mine and I won't let his racism buy out my own humanity.  I won't let him sour me with seeds of hate because I become no more then him. in the words of shappy    What's wrong with regular coffee? is it too strong for you? too black? too strong? too black    there's another open mike at that same bar next week. That auction block....err stage will still be there   And here are the comedy stylings of ms. diane wah!  thank you, thank you... wow folks thanks for having me back thank you, thank you  I like it here it feels so familiar See i'm not a comic i'm a poet poets and comics aren't so different they can't afford therapy so they spill their guts out in front of an audience hoping that their  patheticness will turn someone on enough to go home with it difference is  we can do it and rhyme   nervous giggles   thing is though, you all are special of all the comics I've seen  in new york you really are the worst. I can track all your jokes back to  the wednesday night line up on comedy central!    uprorious laughter     looking over at the red light signaling that time  is up  are you flashing that red light already? nah man I'm gonna go an extra 5 minutes reparations you know?   nervous forced laughter    Last week you couldn't think of something funny to say about a white guy and a black girl sitting in your comedy club drinking $2 rolling rock specials   well it's better to be silent and have people think you're stupid then to open your mouth and confirm their suspicions     ba dum dum that was my punchline!  I could go on...but i guess it's just not that funny now is it?      "Five minutes before I free myself from my position. I am naked but not vulnerable. I am stared at, but not violated. I am the object of curiosity but not objectified. I am this not because of them but because of me. This affirmation; this validation exists only in the confines of my mind and that is the only place that it counts. There aren't many things that are certain but one is that I will die in an oppressive institution, but it doesn't mean that I can't live free."