I was profoundly disappointed that I was the only one in our circle of blogs to mention MLK's birthday. Sincerely, this is the only American Holiday I even celebrate.  My mom was gone this December so we didn't celebrate christmas. Instead we give each other random gifts through out the year. It used to be just an excuse for the folks to give the kids shit they needed with their bonuses but especially as we got older and christmas would be rescheduled to the 2nd week of January (when everything went on sale) after a while the point became moot. This year my family OFFICIALLY decided to take thanksgiving off our list. Just an excuse to eat silly we realized that we were celebrating the slaughtering of the indians (DUH!) and wiped it off of our lists. Other then birthdays we don't celebrate holidays, just the lives we lead and we try and love each other hard  (we need it now) and every day......THe only holiday my fam (me , dad and George) celebrate is MLK day. USually it's spent lazing around the house with WBAI on. This is the only radio station that plays his speeches all day and in context. We read, reflect and discuss......This year i couldn't because i was in the office and the radio was shut off for more productivity.....I was upset but i chilled out....besides....its' like the twilight zone marathon every new year (yeah we still celebrate that)...after a while you see all the episodes...   The slam last nite.....Last night was the first time I've slammed since the survivor slam (which i still contest i deserve points for!)...... I tried a new piece (fight like a girl). Arguably the most childish piece i've ever written but i wanted points and thought it would slam well. I'll never learn not to slam poems i don't like but i did anyway and I was nervous as hell. That wasn't the only reason I was nervous.......My girls Tam, Lissette, and Soph were in the audience. We've known each other since Junior High/H.S. and they'd never seen me perform. I keep my circles so apart...Tam gets to hear all my poems at 3 am un edited and me crying but soph and lissette were so floored. Hopefully Rich, they'll come back :) Anyway the real reason I was nervous was cuz love walked in. I left a  garbled message the night before, half hoping he would ignore it about me wanting to slam...I got two hang ups and a fone call around 5:30  "You slammin tonight?" "......yeah" "You needed support" ".....choke.....sorta?" "I'll be there, don't worry" "really?" "of course really"    My heart dropped about a thousand feet. He always watched me slam, told me I was the best poet he ever heard, at least best for him. I never lost when he was there. In me i'd see glimpses of the woman I would become and I would be that for 3minutes and 10 seconds. It was no coincidence that the year I made finals, we were together and that when i stopped it was cuz we were apart.....  My first round could only be described as well.....insincere....it was an insincere poem delivered insincerely....though even at my best I don't think I'd ever beat Celena in a Slam (she's so dope) I could have done alot better....I deserved the scores I got. I thought I could fool the audience but you can't lie to them. I was shaking like a leaf.....and then? loved walked right in.....  "Hey D"  It's amazing....all the really close people in my life have called me that from they day they met me...i never really noticed I made a last minute switch and did when. I tried not looking at George..........i was enamored elsewhere. It's funny how you can fudge the facts of a poem (and believe me the facts are fudged in that one) but it's my most honest piece and i got to deliver it to the one I'll always love. I still got a time penalty (Fish almost clocked me and Roger gave me amuch deserved stern speech) but i didn't care. My nerves were settled and my heart and its jaw dropped open....What was he doing here? on a monday night in the freezing cold, just to tell me that he loved me without telling me that he loved me....  and then loved walked out as silently as he came in......