Ok, so as I'm trying to update this site, I realize that I go to OTHER people's blogs to get links to other folks blogs,namely m.c. and guy's pages so I was like DUH diane, you should put those links on your page. Well, so now it's a mishmosh of journals I like to read, journals I want to read more often and just random name dropping like for example when was the last time BONAFIDE updated HIS blog y'all? can we keep it real? just for a moment? But that's ok, it's an online community and we like to name our friends and it's at least a little more productive then friendster.   Moving on  I'm adding a list of random places I go to on line so for that I went to bassey's site and there was a link to   arrested development! WHAT IS UP WITH THE TOKEN WHITE GIRL WITH THE FLOWERS!!  A FUCKING FLOWER?!?!? how stereoptypical is that?!  The random white girl who just can't get enough of..... so anyway  guess what? even better? they have a "spirtual advisor"...that's code for full time weed man anyway check it out.....  I was also reading   Guy's blog  and I was one of the folks who wanted to know what the hell he was doing post louder arts. I kept thinking he'd start another series, perhaps at Urbana, something more political perhaps but then I realized that he's grown up or more accurately grown beyond this scene. I'm not there yet but I understand where he's coming from. I'll be for real. It's cool now to have a place where everyone knows my name, have a home where I feel socially accepted, have one to 5 places where I can go alone and still run into mad people i know. it's nice, it's comforting, it's in liue of the student center in college.Now in hindsight I realize how kind of naive that question was on so many levels almost insinuating that louderarts is the center and there is no life outside of it. It's very easy for that too happen. I see it all the time. New people come in and are wowed by the cliquish-ness of this and they want to belong soooooooooo bad and it's sad, not because people want to belong  but because of how the incestuousness of bar 13 feeds  on that so much. It doesn't (and from what I know never has ) taken much to get into the collective (i dont' even like using that word cuz it's such bull shit) other then specifically taking louderarts workshops and sucking up (or on) the right people.I've now seperated my louder arts memories into during guy, guy in virginia and post guy. (Don't get it twisted ;) Why? Because the major difference in the scene was the philosophy behind it and when guy left there was no philosophy, just a bad episode of 21 jumpstreet where all the characters really WERE too old to pretend to be highschoolers. Though this rant borders on nostalgic, these are the things I remember. I remember Marty telling me a poem that I thought was revolutionary was actually horribly cliche and that helping me, I remember the first slam I'd been too where everyone was sooo different from each other and so new! and I remember being in a place that encouraged me to be myself, and above all it had a philosophy that I wanted to believe in and that idea was that POETRY CAN INSPIRE CHANGE.  idealistic? not so much. we thought we were modern day soothsayers and underground newsanchors. It was our responsibility transform the complications outside into a format understandable by our breathren. That's why you had your alix olsons, and steph colemans, and staceyann chins and yolanda wilkinsons that did so well. That's why the nuyo used to be so hot and now its' just a cliche of a cliche  now the philosophy that's won out is that   POETRY CAN GET YOU LAID  and it can.......oh and it does.   Sometimes I'm still the 8 yr old girl no one wanted to play tag with. Often I'm the 15 year old who got suspended for not standing up for the pledge, on select days I'm the 19  year old who can't understand why white people in authority don't like her and today i stand 22 and trying so hard not to be disillusioned, trying so hard to rise above the disappointment and to accept the people around me for who they are ...they are not my saviors, my parents but sometimes, sometimes they are my friends and on odd days my extended family.  I fear for them sometimes like I fear for all I love     Anyway, one of the main reasons I even came her was because of Roger. His trini swagger and passion won me over (as it does alot of impressionable young girls) however what made me stay was Guy. In fact what makes me want to go (even though I've been too broke to make it the past couple of weeks) Acentos is Guy. Why? Because I too have not lost faith in the power of poetry but I have lost alot of faith in the people in this scene. I'm only 22 but I've been here way too long and as I've stated before it's this torrid love affair where you are always worried that you will take the baby out with the bathwater.