I decided to start reading some other blogs. In reality I don't read to many. Mostly, Guy's, m.c. Siegels, Fish and rich's and bassey's. They get the most updates , but I've been looking to expand. Sometimes I read   RAC's  (I like her) I guess great minds think alike. OH! and Ed garcia's. Here's an excerpt.     My grandmother just got knee surgery in El Salvador. Laser knee surgery. They made two small incisions on the sides of her knee, burned away the cartilage that had been eroded by arthritis and replaced it with injections of new cartilage to act as a cushion. Those injections of chicken cartilage were manufactured in nearby New Jersey. The doctor even showed my grandmother the box and the price on the side. After the surgery the doctor pulls out a cd from his laptop and hands it to my mother. He says here is the operation on DVD. All of this sounds expensive doesn't it. An operation like that here would cost tens of thousands of dollars. Why the shots from jersey alone would probably cost a grand each, if not more. Yet my grandmother only paid two thousand dollars for the entire operation, the injections ended up being $160 dollars a piece and the DVD was thrown in for free. Where are you gonna get that done in the first world. How are you gonna pay for your knees without giving up an arm or a leg? Wouldn't it be nice if every old lady that hobbled on the cold New York sidewalks could get their lives of mobility and freedom back for so little a cost. Aren't we the greatest nation on earth.    -Ed   sounds like a poem.... This is my challenge.  Everyone who reads this write a poem One from the  perspective of Ed One from the perspective of the Doctor One from the perspectie of Ed's grandmother  I did this exercise with some of the Rikers' guys. It was intended to help them step outside of themselves and their imaginations through the writing of persona poems. It also helped in committing to a voice and working on making that voice be real. Ok it MAY sound like i'm exploiting Ed's story, but I'm not. As   community word  would say, "Never miss a learning oppurtunity"