1. Since I'm not into football, I am not distracted by the competition so because of this I can see the writing on the wall.       I knew the patriots were going to win the superbowl,  not because I was rooting for them but because there is a war going on in Iraq!     Come ON! Don't y'all remember 9/11? The patriots making it in on a wildcard? Please, if you GW can fix an election I don't think the Superbowl     is that big a deal. Think about it! The Patriots are relatively new franchise! What business do that have in the superbowl!So my stipulation is that when there is   a  need for pro-american sentitment , the Patriots will have a chance.Besides! they were playing the Panthers, as in the BLACK PANTHERS? there was NO WAY north  carolina was going to win. HELLO?!? My guess is that as long as Bush is in the White house the patriots have  chance. Coincidence? i think NOT!  2.  Miguel Algarin , one of the original Nuyoricans is a P.I.M.P      Yes he WAS hitting on me last time I was there and despite what you saw in the movie he is NOT GAY, he's every sexual. We had a very deep conversation     while he was molesting his main girl Tammy? ( I can't remember her name , just that she was about 35 years younger then he was). Much love, I cannot hate.      PLUS she was buying him food cuz he had no loot! Talk about GAME! I have to give props to any guy that age who can still put it on. He gets mucho love from me      cuz he keeps it real in the back of the bar  3. Julio IS SCARY    but he's my boy. I think i'm the only person in the world audacious enough to yell back at him and no he's not a pussy cat inside, that's why he can be the oldest    bouncer in nyc cuz he will straight mess you up with that gruff voice and cockeyed stare that makes you feel like your dad when your mom is screaming at you and all he has to do is stare at you and you wanna piss your jumpers   4. You can't always get what you want. live with it. It doesn't mean you're a failure, it's simply the way the world works.  5.Breakfast can be served at anytime  6. Why is Popeye's chicken named aftera  vegetarian? He ate spinach for power for chrissake! You see how Propaganda just turns shit on it's head?  7. Paulo Friere is truly revolutionary  8. I need to spelchek my blog more  9. If you missed the superbowl, here is a highlight of the rank debauchery that is modern colonialism fucking in historical context   peep show