The Diane Show is momentarily on hiatus, however Dyanna R. will be blogging for your reading pleasure. :)    Since Diane just doesn't feel like blogging today, but wants to keep up with her New Year's resolution of blogging more often, she asked me to fill in for her.  This is SO Kanke writing in Bassey's journal.  Thanks for the idea, guys! (by the way, Kanke is a trip! www.basseyworld.com)   So here I am, at work, reading blogs, IMing Diane and Betsey and Tamara and Melissa, as well as trying to find some last minute getaway for me and my hubby Steve to go on this weekend.  Yes, I know its the Wednesday before Valentine's Day, which also happens to be a holiday weekend.  AND?!  It seems that London is out of the question.  $1,400 round trip for the weekend.  Hmmm... how much is left on the card?  Oh darnit, not enough.  WAIT A SEC. WHAT AM I THINKING??   VALENTINE'S DAY SUCKS ASS.  It's a Hallmark created holiday, dammit.  It make people who aren't in a relationship feel bad that they have no one to call their own... It makes people who are in a relationship go crazy trying to figure out what to get their loved one (i.e. a trip to London for the weekend).   I had a boyfriend once who didn't believe in it (the fuck.)  That said, since then, I've gotten used to not making a big deal about the day.  Heck, I'm a semi-newlywed!  Every day is V-Day, right?  NOT!  Well, okay, we ARE sappy with each other every day, but that's not the point!!  Why do I want the chocolates that I shouldn't eat, the overpriced wilted roses that he doesn't need to spend money on, or the sappy cards that say what I already know every day, dammit!  Because it has become the GIMME GIMME holiday.   The endless barrage of "I LOVE YOU, BUY ME STUFF" advertising campaigns all over the place have finally gotten to me, I think.  I was perfectly content to have a nice candlelight dinner by the fireplace before Hallmark, Zales, Godiva et. al. decided to change my mind for me.  Fuckers!  And now it's too late!  What to do? What to doooo?   After searching for hotels and bed & breakfasts, I've come to the conclusion that there is nothing wrong with a dinner by the fire.  (Yeah, so everything was sold out, AND??)  It's a helluvalot cheaper.  hmmph.  Take THAT Zales.  Your diamonds suck anyway.  So...do you think I'll get the $99 diamond heart pendant this year?  hmmph.