well goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood morning and welcome to the wonderful world of toys.....in babeland specifically. I think the world is a beautiful place...........yeah..........hmmm...........  My roomate just turned me on (no pun intended) to something that I think will change my life... ::drumroll:: the vibrating egg! YES!! never used one! it was great. Ok the story starts alot earlier then this.  After the wednesday nite slam i ended up in bed by say 7AM and i woke up at 10am needless to say i was tired. I figured i'd sleep at 6pm but alas i had to make a trip down to   toys in babeland to  film something for my schools feminist group Moxie. So I get there and this my friend is not the usual vibrator selection that you find in the corny sex shops on West 4th. This is the couture of dildos with cool names like Bear and Whale, doing things that made you wish there was a fitting room right in the store. I've always been a manual person, au natural so to speak. I was never turned on by plastic and metal rods in weird colors (pink!?!) . It just looked weird and not to mention complicated. All the cords, buttons, settings just intimidated me. Me and Rosie right hand did fine on our own but between writing and typing so much she was getting a work out! What jarred me the most was the dildo display because along with the life size, real feeling cocks (or penises) it had size along with them. THIS prompted me to want to call every guy I've slept with because I felt that I'd been lied too. Sure guys exagerrate. No man is going to try and wooo a woman with his 4 inch wonder and I certainly am not versed enough to be able to eyeball the difference between 5....6 and ..8 inches but after seeing these dildos in the store I called at least one screaming, YOU LIAR!  I've seen 8 inches today and you were not it!   Ok so what did i learn? First thing i realized is that 8 inches is bigger then i ever imagined and 6 inches isn't as small as I thought.  I walked out of that store sleepyeyed and warmly agitated  but the best part comes (no pun intended) now. It was my roomates who organized the workshop that I was filming so they came home giggly a couple of hours later. So we were talking etc. etc and I told them that I never used toys but the ones I saw to night  made me wanna change my mind. But mind you....GOOD toys are expensive. My little Bear started at a whopping 82 bucks  and the Moby (the dick not the singer) was 149 bucks! Yeah, the vibrators have cool names like Thundercat and the Beaver he he he. So my sexual upgrade had to wait.............UNTIL! my roomate hands me a little plastic package that she had gotten from Toys in Babeland. In it was a silver little egg attached to what looked like a remote control. Naaaaaaaaaah  I said.  "An egg? Not for me" I admit I was a little scared "Oh come on Diane!" she cooed and I remembered just how tired I was. I needed to sleep and I was feeling soooooo lethargic.  "Sure next time, when I get my paycheck" "You know what Diane? It's up to women to spread the love. I'll give you my eggg."  MY eyes opened like saucers. Ladies, it was 9pm and I was going to bed.   Technology is a beautiful thing.     Babies don't sleep this good.