women are always looking for the right man. When they do find him, it's usually because they've become the right woman   this was how i prefaced my first poem at the Nuyo last night in order to score a 29.8 (it was a very high scoring night) followed by some guy who started his poem with "suck my dick". I didn't want to hear the rest but he scored a 30. Rich was there last night, which helped. My heart goes out to him, because i wouldn't have performed the way i did without his encouragement. It was nice to have encouragement ............ anyway after 3 weeks of not getting there on time or showing up early and ending up 1st on the list of 23 poets and falling to score creep, last night was my last straw. I didn't even want to get out of my bed, but i did. I wanted to make it past the wednesday night slam. A little history lesson.......  I never won a wednesday night slam until AFTER i won a friday nite slam. Whe felice was running things I had done really well in a wednesday and i gota  nod. The Wednesday nite slam is a dirty creature it is! No one is really listening, it s a battle for most memorable lines,a  battle to be remembered amongst the rubble and over the years it's gotten worse with the diversity of poets waning. With the opening of b ar 13 and most importantly urbana (Which takes a way a huge white contingent) , your'e left with this fodder   Always trying to find the right poem to slam........... sometimes you just need to be the right poet   That's what I  felt after i got off the mic. Three girls made it into the 2nd round. Me, a girl named meetch who managed to curse you out in her poem without saying a single curse (trust me it was cute) and Brady a white, antiwar political poetess... and I had to mention that. In the increasingly hip hopish slam scene women have been getting pushed out . (not 13 or sometimes even urbana but just about every where else,it is a boys club) I mentioned that, and that it was  shame and an anger rose in me as i spit aftermath. I was reeling. ANger tr anslates well at the nuyo and i took it with a 29.9. I wanted that 30.........i wanted it likea baby wants milk............  My decision to slam has been torrid, filled with contradictions which i let spill out to rich over the most delicious 8oz burger french roast has tooffer at 2 am. I'm sure it was deep, and i'm tired and all of the inspiring things that i was going to post got lost between 7 and 10 am (oh shit! i only slept 3 hours?)  Well it was great night and the highlight wasn't winning the slam, but the mashed potatoes at French Roast.   "be the change you've always wanted to be" -Ghandi  "Blaze your own fucking trail Diane" You know when things said at the right moment and in the right place hit you, in the gut. And it did. It freed alot of confusions that I've been having, alot of decisions that have needed to have been made......my concious just wanted validation, some reprive........   " Be Bold and mighty forces will come to your Aid"     RANDOM RANTS   -read some poems to matt last night   " why'd you tell me this, were you looking for my reaction?"  -carly simon  -Yes i'm still going to audition for american idol, i'm just looking for the dates and places. The people who were on tuesday nite sucked ass. I also going to wear my ELECT KUCINICH T SHIRT or REGIME CHANGE BEGINS AT HOME  and of course it won't get aired. Nothing gets past the censors, however with some lipo and a boob job, just about anyting can make it in ;)   -I'm not a lesbian, but i keep meeting these CUTE girls. grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr  -I'm gonna see You got served...............AGAIN  - I'm soooo tired