"We don't have any platform," he said. "Our fight is for a better country ... We are fighting for the presidency, we're fighting for the people, for our convictions."   -Guy Philippe, a former police chief   He is also a suspected  Macoute . We don't know where we are these days. 2004 marks the 200 year anniversery of  of the slave revolt the granted Haiti it's Independence. It's been 200 years of Independence without freedom, a living contradiction that has been going on so long that it's invisible. All you can see is abject poverty, illiteracy and the biggest tradgedy of all, a loss of hope. Without hope there is no future and that is what I'm watching on my television at 3 AM. Another uproar , another civil disobedience , fueled by hunger and desperation but devoid of rememberence. And we try to remember we try, but long term memory takes a back seat to immediate needs.   After Aristide leaves, the country will return to normal," said Axel Philippe, 34, among the dozens of people gathered on the highway leading to the town, south of Gonaives.    No it will not. Haiti's never been given a fair break. The unfortunate  truth is that Haiti just does not matter very much, strategically, economically or politically, in the world as presently organized. Raped of it's natural resources, aland once plushy and green is gray and overused. Haiti when I was 5 was fucked up but gorgeous. I was too young to understand it's waning beauty, only to remember naked showers in the rain, how the mountains would light up at night as the lights from houses on the side would twinkle. I remember danger , a more organized danger going into town for yogurt or icecream or school, knowing to stay away from the men dressed in blue. They would kill you if you looked at them wrong. Crime was organized, and militarized. You knew what to do and what not to do. Then a8 years later a peasant catholic priest promises salvation by running for president. Offers cures to diseases he himself cannot diagnose. He gets caught in the ropes of a problem and a country bigger then him. No church could prepare him for the moral dilemmas that faced him. An American, all knowing, all powerful government offering him protection, for a small price....the sould of his people.....what was stronger then? Memory. Haiti mattered then. We remember that we are the first even when we forget, when we pick up arms and start shooting in the streets , because we should because it's our right, because deep in our hearts we know we deserve better then this. There is still hope but..........   We don't have any platform," he said. "Our fight is for a better country ... We are fighting for the presidency, we're fighting for the people, for our convictions."   With the middle class taking over nursing jobs, taking care of your kids, teaching, and lawyering over here in the United States and France and scattered across the carribean and Latin America, there is no intellectual middle class to sustain those. No thinking class, no philosophy. So what will happen? The first step to decolonization is anger, rebellion, deconstruction, what will exist? Petty battles amongst peasants who've lived their lives in an agricultural economy with no political experience. How do you teach morality, conviction to a country with no humanity? It's not an easy thing to watch. The rebels will oust Aristide, then they will battle amongst themselves and innocents will die and what of these lives?  "Freedome is acquired by conquest, not by gift.... It is rather the indispensable condiotn for the quest for human completion. But the struggle to be more fulll human has already befun in the authentic struggle to transfor the situaition."  what will be the discourse for humanity? I'm tired, unclear and confused..... not in my heart but in my mind to make linear what is multiversed  this is why i'm comfortable at a place like rikers, because imprisonment isn't only limited to walls but to situation. You can never step foot in jail and still be a prisoner and you can spend your life there and not be. Haiti is a giant prison. Fuck the argument to prove that , this is what I know. And the walls are alot harder to break down because it's been so compacted....I'll rewrite this later....when I'm not so tired.......... I'm not soo tired