7:46 AM..........still no sleep. I'm supposed to be sick, not at the nuyo, hanging out at french roast till ridiculous hours, not talking on the fone with matt AFTER french roast not trying to run from my nightmares. He's not the insomniac. I am. At  least he sleeps during the day. I don't at all.    Aristide, Haiti's first democratically elected president, said he would not step down before his term ends in February 2006, even as the United States urged him to cede power.    Some 2,200 U.S. Marines were put on alert as Pentagon (news - web sites) officials weighed the possibility of sending troops to waters off Haiti to guard against any flood of refugees and to protect the estimated 20,000 Americans in the Caribbean country    I should be writing more. I know, I am, just not here. It's not easy because in many circles, (school, work, random places) I'm asked to be the mouthpiece as to what's going on in Haiti right now it's surprisingly  not easy to verbalize it here. Here, this blog this one dimensional space calls for something much more linear, more coherent on a 2 dimensional plane and I can't do that. I'm fueled by so many things, so many forms, so many emotions and so many responsibilities callling me. I feel like i'm living two lives right now. The one I started and the one I'm destined to start living and soon. Call me and I'll tell you the blatant hypocrisy and irony that is playing out over there. In my voice you'll hear the trembling not just from fear and anxiousness but from heated excitement and hope. Why? Because though there is this much chaos there is still possibility there is still hope.  Jean Bertrand Aristide, in his last attempt at being someone worth remembering is staying in the palace in what will most likely be a suicidal last stand. Honestly, even in it's stupidity it's the most honorable thing he's done which is die for something he believes in, which is that the Macoutes are evil and that someone , at least someone should stand up to them. And people are, however they are the poorest of the poor (and in haiti that's really really really poor) and they have no telecommunications and are so ill organized that any attempt at a stand is purely emotional and suicidal. This kind of organization only comes from one place in haiti and that's money and money comes from one place and that's Macoutes.  For Aristide it's perhaps  the last stretch of  humanity left in anything Haitian because that is what haiti's been robbed of:humanity.   Contrary to popular belief I do not side with the rebels. Remnents of Duvalier's macoutes, they are a terrorist group, trained killers with no morals. They are mercenaries sent to do Papa and Baby doc's dirty deeds all across the country side. A veritable gestapo. I know this because I know how haiti has been run under Duvalier. If there was ever a polarization between good and evil this has been it. To work for Duvaliers army was to be part of the lowest and most abhorred moral class in Haiti. This would be the equivalent of showing off that your grandfather was an SS officer. In the wake of Haiti's 200 year anniversary , celebrating it's independence, she finds herself raped of all of her resources and worse yet ignored in the global fabric. She is used and now useless and the U.S. is laughing. For the rebels, this is great timing. With most of the U.S. forces focused on Iraq and Aristide's use waning (if not completely and totally expendable)there is no reason for the U.S. to intervene yet Bush's platform for raiding Afghanistan was freeing Afghani women and then liberating Kuwait and now democratizing Iraq.   Haiti HAD a free election and freely elected Aristide, but see folks Haiti doesn't have oil. If we had all, the plight of little haitian boys selling their asses on the street would be all over the news, or how the average life expectancy in haiti is 46 years old. Maybe just maybe they'd stop blaming Aids on us. ( We don't have it , that's just bullshit and that's why we marched 80,000 strong in 1990 and shut down the fucking brooklyn bridge but i bet none of y'all knew that did  you? It didn't  make the news but my 9 year old ass was THERE)  Watch. If the rebels in haiti were toting socialism, communisim or fuck it a humanism that said hey, fuck the world market, let's feed our people, you'd see how quickly Bush would intervene.  I'm leaving for Haiti this summer. If this continues , I might need to get there on a boat. This was supposed to be a graduation present now it's becoming something else. There's been alot on my mind about it, about family, about responsibilities, about loyalties. This is too dense for this page right now,this clashing of present realities, present lives the life you're living and the one you're destined for. They are too different planets and I want to stay on this one  and enjoy it a little more.  let me  please