Yeah, remembere when I said that I was having work troubles? Well I got my ass in gear and I've been doing well with my boss etc  THEN ! guess what? Last night  I get a phone call around 10 pm saying that we have no boss. In the Dorm business , this is the equivalent to getting a call in the middle of the night saying that New York City was attacked again. You have no leader, the chain of command is broken and no one knows what to do. Actually, more accurately, everyone is trying to scramble around to see who they must align themselves with politically to make sure that they either get rehired or first in line for the dope rassignment to the brand new dorm being built next semester. It's like watching the girls scramble on America's Next Top Model. (Matt, Camille is so NOT hot, just a bitch who needed to get booted).  Anyway , where does that put me? Well When my boss left suddenly in the night (for personal reasons) I was on progressively better terms with him but he's now replaced by my old boss (who gave me a stellar reccomendation for THIS job) so I guess i'm in an even better position because he likes me and will vouch for me for rehiring as long as i don't fuck up royally.  I guess it all works out  in the end and that I should very well have a place to live in the summer that's in the city. As long as I've got a roof over my head, I'm not really going to stress anything else.   2. I'm not graduating in May. This, is a concious decision. With the current job market the way it is, I'm seriously in no rush to graduate. Plus, on the real I don't want to get a job. Being someone's office assistant 9 to 5 will make me want to shoot myself, no scratch that. I'll shoot someone else. This is all I've done since highschool, if you throw  in random bartending and waitressing jobs and miscellaneous work post 9-ll , when I hit bottom working as a newspaper inserter in Williamsberg. I got paid 3 cents per piece I inserted: you do the math.  I ultimately want to apply to a doctoral program in cultural anthropology. I'm getting turned on just thinking about the free schooling, housing plus a stipend. I can live with that. See it's because  of this that I know that communism isn't such a bad idea. As long as I have a roof over my head and some food in my belly and all I have to worry about are my own personal incidentals (like beer, tampons and the nice shampoo) it seems fair.   So what am I doing? They can't MAKE Me graduate and my financial aid package won't change so it's not really costing me too much to stay an extra semester plus I have a whole semester of classes where my senior thesis is D.O.N.E. and I can bump up my g.p.a. The main reason though is this job. I get free housing as long as I stay a student and amidst my parents impending divorce I need a place to stay and no real income so far. I'm buying myself time for about 5 grand a semester. Not too shabby.  I'll also be in the Media Studies MA program getting marketable job skills, like film editing , web design and sound syncing....woohooo so that's that  3. I'm changing my blog format.  So you won't have to deal with my annoying cursor anymore. On my computer it looks and works great because well, my computer is dope. I have a sexy 19 inch flatscreen that I'm working with. (Although the one i saw in circuit city yesterday makes mine look like the ugly girl at the part) I'm also changing the format. I want a space to write my personal stuff but I also want to hold myself more accountable to the stuff I say. My inarticulateness on this thing and in many buttheading conversations (usually with oscar) stems from the fact that it's instinctual for me to be honest, but I always stop myself in fear of being rude or hurting feelings. This leads to unfinished, ill proven, non-linear unclear, rants and ravings and honestly being the stupid youngster with a loudmouth just isn't cute. anymore. I've pissed off more people then I care to kow or care to count. You can tell by the fact that I have featured most ALL the major venues, (and lots of minor ones) in new york city yet NEVER at louder arts....yet I still go. Because you learn alot from sitting in the back and actually LISTENING and not for nothing the body of work that I'm producing for my chapbook comes from that influence, though frought with tensions it is where I've matured as a writer and this is where I've cultivated my voice (though no one really hears it)  So yeah, I'm going to have two blogs. I've had two blogs, I just never publicized the second one but I'm going to  have one for personal rants and musings and the second  (this one ) for more public/political/poetical stuff. I make the seperation for one reason and that is in the seoncd one i can just go off but I think a good, readable blog has alot more effort put in to it. It's read, reread for comprehension, edited.       People who love to obsess over things are natural bloggers. Not just because they will blog every day and sometimes multiple times per day, but also because they like to tweak, change, edit, redesign, add, remove, and fiddle around with their archives, profile, settings, template, etc.     look for some changes in the next few days  diane