I'm desperately trying to keep my job at this moment. I've spent my entire college career on the verge of a break down. Having at least one job while interning or going to school, not to mention way too many poetry readings and slams, plus on top of that my parent's divorce, one terribly debhilitating heartbreak (heart SMASHING to be exact) THIS is the most stable two months of my who life.....and i'm hoping not to relapse. I've spent the past 3 and a half years on such a high and this semster all i have to do are my senior thesis, one class and my community word internship. (not to mention Rikers and the teach artist training program and my two jobs) Ok so maybe i still have a lot on my plate, however I don't have a set schedule and no set deadline for shit and I've just been crashing. Now all i want to do is sleep all the time....making up for the past say, 7 years?  And everything has been suffering including my Resident Assistant position. I've been here two months and I haven't made  a solid impression yet and im under the threat of not being re hired. So now, in the face of a boss who's already pissed off at me i have to try and save face and save my job, cuz i actually like this one....I get paid to live in the city and living here over summer is the best.  But seriously though...i must be lucky. Most of my problems would be solved if i won the lotto tomorrow. Seriously. I'd pay my mother off and she and my dad could get the divorce they can't afford. I put my brother iin a good private high school and he could be a rich bum. I could put my niece and nephew into a nice private school so that my sister can be crazy and stupid on her own time. Then I'd do the same thing for  Kezziah's kid Laquan....fuck I'd start a school and have my best friend tammy run it because though she's one of the few of my friends who DOESNT have a kid she'd be the best candidate for a parent. I'd buy myself a brownstone in harlem and in brooklyn and rent it out cheap to my broke ass poet friends (Guy , you can have the whole first floor with sal and the kids if you can landlord one of my buildings) I'd start my own paper so that i can say fuck you to academia and it's Phd pogram and stipend and then I could write my book on my terms......I'd have a gym and a pool and a garden back yard. I'd stop watching t.v. and travel. I'd get plastic surgery ..........'cause i can.  I'm happy now but if i'm gonna spend loads of money i think it's better spent on lipo then a diamond ring   A kiss may be grand but it won't pay the rental on your humble flat, or help you at the automat. Men grow cold as girls grow old and we all lose our charms in the end.   but why!?   But square-cut or pear-shaped these bods don't lose their shape lipo is a girl's best friend    Oh please don't hate. I'm speaking the truth  being depressed and poor is just redundant I wanna cause some damage    Life is good And I feel great Cuz mother says I was A great mistake Novocaine for the soul You'd better give me something to fill the hole Before I sputter out Before I sputter out Before I sputter out Before I sputter out   -the eels  Novacaine for the Soul