After making headway hanging out at the Community Word Benefit with my dad, I've moved about 3 steps back by letting him read my blog.  If you want to know where my demeanor comes from , spend 15 minutes with him   I come from a long line of judgemental malcontents....... imagine, marx, guy and F Omar Telan rolled into one! That's my dad  Yesterday was a very interesting day.  As I'm making last minute calls to councilmen, trying to get them to come to the Community Word Project Benefit I saunter upon this one secretary. I'm practically begging her to send a representative, talking up CWP and such and she gives me her e-mail address and asks me to send the information. She spells out her last name and I pause   "Is that name Irish? or English"  "English, (laugh) we come from the mountains"  "It's an interesting name, not common. I've only known one other person with that name and his first name was strange too. His name was ----------n"  "That's my son!"  "You're son? Did he go to Stuyvesant Highschool?"  "Yes! and then..."  "NEC for voice...yeah I remember..............."  The conversation trailed off for a bit.... I remembered alot about her son, wondering how much she knew about me, realizing probably very little. Our courtship was somewhat ....eccentric, in traditional Diane Style. I'll start at the beginning.  I grew up in Flushing Queens with my girls Tamz, and Kez and Andy, Neala, Rosa, the Rollerblade crew of Badboys on Kew Gardens. We were immigrant hiphoppers who knew how to say "Hi can I speak to --------" in Korean, Spanish, Hebrew and  Hindu.   When my parents finally decided to move, we ended up on the border between queens and long island in Valley Stream. This was about 15 minutes away from my old neighborhood but for a 14 yr old who couldnt drive it was sooooooooooo far. Well AOL had just come out and you were cool if you had it. AOL at the time also charged per hour and it was a ridiculous bill and the eventual unlimited plan came out because of raggedy ann teens like us   "We were the grafitti artists of this digital nation/knowing that knowledge was power/ we got higher and higher smoking blunts made out of web pages"   NO BODY PAID FOR AOL who was under 18 and lived in Queens and into Hip Hop.This was 1995 BABY! Between Proggies,Credit Card Fishing CC generators and Social Engineering, we scammed our way all round this virtual space. This was back when Kuttin Kandy was still underground, like living in her parent's basement still in highschool underground and this was how I met ----N  There was a hip hop chat room that I "hung out " in with my friends. It was a mix of my old Junior High School buddies and some folks I didn't know. He was one of them. One day I got a tip that a bunch of kids in my area were gettign busted and a mixture of a love for drama, youth, paranoia and a little bit of ACTUAL danger (this was right before the new FCC regulations which would have charged us as adults came into effect) I posted that I needed a place to crash. He volunteered. He was 15 and a tenor that studied voice, was a "turntabalist" , a grafitti artist and malcontent that lived in Washington Heights and i was smitten...  I never got arrested, it was just some ass playnig a prank on me, we talked every day for about 4 years.........and I never met him. I was supposed to.......once. It was junior year and I was like hey ------N , notice that we've never met and in his smoother then smooth coolness said "yeah.........that's funny isn't it?" It was comfortable, like online was, no faces, no places, just feelings and ideas.... He was battling at the next BEAT competition happening at none other then the Nuyorican Poets Cafe. I showed up decked out and nervous as hell. I saw the back of cap....... My heart stopped and I ran out He asked me where I was,we never really talked about it. We used to daydream about how one day we'd both be  real  artists and we'd get an apartment in the lower east side and be waiters and such and live La Vie Boheme..........funny how things work out......around college we lost touch.....  I found a picture of him online at New England Conservatory, arms around some girl who looked well.........not very Washington Heights  Years later I adopted the Nuyorican, under my own terms, doing my own things there, building my own network. I finally did end up falling in love there,just not with him.   "Well He's back in New York now, teaching music to some kids downtown"  "oh...."  "you should give him a call, he's still living at home"     I always joked that one day we'd meet up and strike up a conversation and then later on realize who we were when we gave out our names.   I've moved so many times he would have no idea how to reach me. So ball's in my court? Do I call? I do I let this higschool tryst bury itself?  Please VOTE!