oh adam.....you're quite the sexy one, but I'm leaving you....for Jessee, the keyboardest.  Jesse, forget what anyone says,it's your keyboards that keep me listening toM5. Did i mention that albeit you have great bone structure when you shave, you are soooooo  hot with a beard. Yeah, and though people think Adam brings in the soul, i know it's you. by the way, who is this Rashida woman that does background vocals? Are you dating her? Tell me the truth Jesse, I can take it. I guess I'll see you next life time.    Meanwhile back on earth...........    I went to go see a new experimental play  Siddhartha .    Bass  had a friend who was in it, so after walking around virgin Records reading the Goomba's Guide to Love, we went downtown to the Theatre Source. Very small intimate place, the actors all dressed in black, props and scenery  minimal to nil. This kind of set up requires you to write  better. There's no lighting, music , etc to add drama. Just words and good acting and singing and blocking.  Long story short, good time,very enlightening.... *sigh* this weeks been rough and this?  it was just what I had needed. It was about a man's spiritual journey, he needed to leave..........just like I do.  He needed to go out and experience life and love and hurt and pain.  The lead was played by this man.  This man.  There was something about him. Ok, he was playing a spiritual leader, still I got the eye, this curiousity, I wanted to know him.......ask him where he'd been  "diane it was just a character"  and he  played it with so much passion, and conviction......    fastforward   Afterparty with the cast and the director. He wanted notes. I gave them to him and Sid (I won't say his real name) was standing right there. As soon as I walked in our eyes locked. I blushed and looked away. Later on we were standing in the same circle....  Sid: "yeah, and the layers of metaphors illuminate the ideas through action, showing NOT telling" Diane: "Exactly"...  Eyes lock again. It must  be just me. He's not really staring......STOP IT!   awkard moment #11   Bassey: It's getting late , I'm going home Diane:Give me 5 minutes? I'll go with you. I don't know anyone here Sid: So you write too? Diane (thinking): This man is NOT trying to get to see me again! is he?  I say that he did a wonderful job and that it was nice meeting him and I turn and walk away to get my coat. I'm putting on my coat, I feel a tap on my shoulder. Eyes lock again. I blush  e-mail addresses are exchanged. I walk away cool mouthing to bassey "please don't laugh!"  Later on, she tells me that he's engaged to another woman. I nestle in the moment for a little bit, happy it happened , remembering the lyrics to the musical we had just seen.    "You are here where you are   Choose what you do   Do what you choose"   We don't always need a vamp at the end of our musicals.    End of story