Updates.   Don't forget Louder Than Words this Saturday  Guy, Eric and Helen will be hosting. It will be cool as the first two shows are going to be sort of experimental. I still have to send Guy some format ideas. I'm going to stay up late tonigt 'researching"  Speaking of researching I checked out the hits on my   sitemeter  and my number has increase however I can account for only maybe like 5 IP addresses, which means that a bunch of folks I may not know or more accurately, I may not think are reading this are.  Case in point, Michelllle Kotller who googled her name and found out that I called her a slave driver in my blog. Granted it was in jest, and in context she realized it was compliment (I've noticed that I rarely give compliments without qualifiers. go figure) however, I guess it was a cosmic reminder to be more accountable about what I write, since I really don't know who's reading. I think my dad purposely AVOIDS my blog.  Anyway, there's a place on sitemeter where you can check how people are finding you. So I have links from other blogs, Rich's , jessica's, guy's etc, that's fine but what cracks me up is the google searches. It's what people type and end up finding my page. It's hilarous.   Top 5 Google Searches that Resulted in getting to my blog   "Hacker Name Generator" "back door nyc" "poem about being sick" "kurtrussel"  and last but not least  dysfuntional chaos   Onto something that you might actually CARE about reading.  I got some CD's. (Matt you'll be proud to hear that I paid for them as well) Here are my reviews.    Maroon 5 -Songs about Jane    This girl Jane must have been something because I'm on my 10th listen today alone. I had bootlegs of several of their singles but the album is worth buying. Take it from someone who hasn't bought a CD in 3 years. I'm an avid downloader I admit it without guilt. I need to see these boys live. Seriously. I've never followed bands, just hot singles.   Bassey  is so in love with Adam Levine, he's cool but..........gimme Ryan the drummer or Jesse the bassist ANY Day of the week. No, I'm not a groupie. I'm a BANDAID! I'm just here to love the music man....just love the music    Joss Stone-The Soul Sessions    Very reticent about  buying this album, thinking that it would  have been a repeat of a nikka costa one hit wonder type situation, however this was the best surprise. It's actually a really dope album and for a 16 year old white girl from england, she's got a helluva lot of soul. Totally worth buying, not burning.........but if you want i'll burn you a copy! Free music ! Free music!    Alicia Keys-Diary of Alicia Keys   Disappointed, really disappointed. Almost as disappointed as I was seeing Panic Room. Directed by David Fincher (The guy who directed Fight Club, Seven , The Game AND Alien 3) I had expected more...maybe he just blew a socket, however! Alicia needs to stop. I should have listened to Eliel, I should have went with my gut and gotten the Christina Aguilera CD. I like at least 3 of the singles (The voice with and beautiful  always make me cry ) so even if the whole album was awful I would have been fine, but no... I got Alicia Key's diary. No more details, just don't get it.  I also got some comics.  I got  Fallen Angels  and a collection of  Matrix  comics by different artists. I didn't get American Splendor cuz it was too expensive and then I dropped 20 on the friggin matrix. What's wrong with me?  Sianara