My therapist wrote me a letter, not one of those generic typed ones, but a nicely handwritten letter.  When I opened it up, even the handwriting was friendly and inviting........   didn't bite.   I don't know why I even bother. I've never seen one more than three times. I just can't be that intimate with a stranger  much less someone I actually care about. Honestly, she just got hooked to my stories. I lie before we get to anything good or important. They just get very interested in the details of my life and not what's actually going on. I've been told that my life is like a black Fellini movie.....whatever that means.   I don't need therapy. I know this. No stranger is going to tell me things about myself that I don't know, but maybe they'll prescribe something nice.   Sure you know all the angles , you just don't have the stones to play em -Mike to Knish in Rounders(1998)   On another note    I have two zits.........both of them on my chin, one is way bigger than the other. I'm not prone to acne, the occaisional blackhead that I can pop, but nooooooo this ones a virgin, the kind you can't pop and she's got a little sister and all I can think is   Big blind/little blind   now I'm thinking in poker. Yes........I have a   dirty secret.  I want to pop her but I can hear Pauly's voice in my head   "You gotta defend your blind no matter what you got"   Ok, maybe I'm dramatizing a little but that hand I won on   monday  nite? That was a full house Jacks over Kings NOT twos. ;)   If you didn't understand what I just wrote, move on to the poetic portion of the entry     Monday was the the semi-finals draw , but I had to go see about a game. The details of why I decided to sit down at a poker game with a hundred dollar buy-in hosts details relevant only to me, but I did. Texted Matt around two and told him to proxy if I wasn't there. Even THAT i was shaky on because I'd been going back and forth all weekend as to whether or not I'd even participate in semis. I told myself that Monday evening would make my decision for me, that things would clear up as I played....and they did.  If you want a run down, check it out at   Pauly's site      P.S. COMING NEXT WEEK!   It's conspiracy theory week. I know you love them, so in order to make up for this weeks meager entries, it'll be one conspiracy theory a day.   The first one's going to be about the relationship between Jerry Springer and Orwell's 1984. I was watching it this morning and it reminded me of the Hate Rallies that Orwell described. I'm not implicating George Bush directly, but I think that Springer is being funded by the Conservative Right , in order to indoctrinate lonely housewives, college dropouts and the unemployed into a hate group that includes a larger cross section of people.   While this is ineffective in progressive left organizing, hate is a powerful unifying force for the right wing.   film at 11