Did Last Night Really Happen?    And no, not in that way. I woke up early this morning still reeling. Ever have one of those nights that seem to start early and never really end? Or a night that went on much longer than you intended?  Last night was looooooooooong, in fact it's still going on, especially since the sun hasn't come out yet.  If you're looking for a semis-wrap up, you'll have to look   elsewhere . I spent most of the night in the back stairwell and the coat closet at 13. I was in and out of zones, not competing with anyone but myself.  Here was the final Tally for the Evening  1.Celena (112.1) 2.Bonafide (111.2) 3.Abena (108.8) 4.Jive (107.2) 5.Diane  (107.5)   Supposedly, without the time penalties I would have been in 3rd place and on my way to finals. Oh well. I've lost slams before. Plenty of them. Sometimes the crowd feels you and sometimes they don't. It happens to best of us. Despite what many may say, I'm not a competitive person at all. I've never liked the slam. I've always thought that it could bring  alot of good to the boring old academic reading, that it could inspire those who don't write to write, but i've never LIKED it. I've accepted it and dealt with it. I never slammed more than I need to , to qualify. If i didn't think I had a chance at winning ,  i didn't do it, and by winning i meant getting something out of it, money, a feature, recoginization, placement into semis to make a team and get exposure.  It's not like its a debate that where something good might come out of an intelligent discussion, it's a smackdown and for someone like me who is under the belief that everyone's story is important, this isn't something I'm likely to succeed at. I liked the work of everyone I was up against so it was really difficult to think of the slam in terms of competing against THEM.     As I said before I spent most of the night in the back stairwell, with Jai, Ray and Matt, all taking turns therapizing me. Sure, I get nervous, but I was pretty rattled by my first time penalty but not surprised. I practiced, but if there was any poem that I can expect to go over time it's aftermath. I've cut and cut, but the more relaxed I am on stage the slower I go and then in the middle of it I just don't care about the slam, it becomes about the performance and I just can't bring myself to rush it. oh well............ ;)  in the end it wasn't about the poetry, the paranoia, the resentment, the feelings of love and feelings of abandonment, it wasn't about the liquor, or the pretentions or the conventions and it certainly wasn't about the points. I left my guts out there only to realize that I had alot more then I anticipated.  and I had fun. Thanks to my newschool buddies who came out in full force. Ian, Toby, Emily, Amelie, Dot.I love y'all and you're the best. Lang wouldn't have been the same without you guys, and I know that thread the binds our lives is long winded. I can't wait to see what our kids end up like, what we end up like. You keep the struggle grounded and steamheaded by feelings of geniuine love for the world.    Thanks  Jai and Ray . Your commitment to making art inspires me. Your souls are inspiring. When I think  of poetry I see y'all, you live it, without even knowing.   Dyanna,  I know you couldn't be there, but i felt the support anyway. Girl you always keep it real, and you let me know that I'm really not crazy. Maybe a little dramatic, slighly paranoid and occassionally nutty, but not crazy.    Ed,  I was gonna blow the last round out of the water with a 10 minute piece. You talked me out of it, and  let me do justice to the piece. Thanks.     And matthew......   Your work, and the way it's grown peripheral to the slam has taught me alot bout process and above all else about ego. I just don't get it..... you are relentless in your honesty, though less optimistic much more open then I can ever aspire to be.  You've become one of my closest friends, despite the fights, the histrionics, the headbutting, you've managed to stand there, solid, unwilling to let me expect less from myself.   You expect me to be better, because you know I can and I've needed that. Always too proud to admit it, but I have needed that ..................... so thank you   and that's what has gotten me through, and helped me realize last night's importance. A week from now no one will remember it, but i will.  It was the beginning of the rest of my life.......................  Good Luck to Bonafide, Celena and Abena! Good job y'all!