My Beef with Dave Chappelle   I realized if I could draw, I'd be Aaron Mcruder. No....seriously.....I've been spending far  too much time at Forbidden Planet lately and now all the nerd boys are eyeing me funny. I've never really been a comic book person who's "into the art",  but I do appreciate the power of symbols and the visual medium. The Satire likes, in little Huey's disdaining look at us the audience. What shocks you is that  though Huey is the supposed to be the paranoid, consipiracy, ultra leftist aspiring revolutionary,  he's got a point, and lots of them and you know what? They make sense. But it's that look, the drives it on home, the look that says "You should know  better" and you know what? That's funny.   So I got into a discussion about Satire the other day and I argued that satire is one of the most difficult  and ultimately useless genres around. Satire  seeks to create a shock of recognition and to make that  "vice"  repulsive so that the vice  will be wiped out from the discussion.  The formula for satire is one of honey and medicine. First you ridiculize the targeted idea/person/belief  to the point of evoking total derision then create another equally ridiculous alternative reality. While  most satirists do the first part, very few do the second.  The shock is supposed to do all of the work , while it is the audience's responsibility to be visionaries.  If the lumpen proletariat consisted of visionaries then we'd all be crazy poets but that's not the case now is it?  but then again why is that idea so ridiculous?  so the person I was having  this discussion with said something about "Dave Chappelle [being ] brilliant ",  and I kind of well...........flipped. Dave Chappelle has his funny moments but I won't go as far as saying  that he's brilliant.   "Is Diane Roy  gonna have to choke a bitch?"   The Sketch Comedy format blends together In Living Color (minus the fly girls) and at times we  get the political kicker of say Chris Rock, and yes it CAN be funny, but between the Crack Head and  the Rick James bit, how much of the second does Chappelle actually give us. Though on one hand I find him funny,  the other hand finds him disappointing. Marketing himself as "dangerous" because he's soooooo edgy, Chappelle  is no malcolm x, frantz fanon, or MLK.  He's also no Onion nor is he Mark Twain. He's simply Dave.  so I guess the real question is,  Is Dave Chappelle Funny? or Offensive ?  or more specifically,  Does Chappelle challenge racist stereotypes or does he simply reinscribe them.   As I stated before, satire requires an element of shock but what makes it successful is the vision  the it creates in it's wake. A show that does this well is SouthPark.    "But Diane, what really bothers you is the fact that white people like Chappelle too"    YES! how dangerous can you be if WHITE PEOPLE like you? I'm not talking about  psuedo progressive  black studies professors at NYU  and  I'm not just talking about old white republicans, rich conservative  basket ball players(michael jordan)  and condaleeza rice, I'm talking about your white aunts and uncles  who now think it's ok to scream out of their s.u.v.s "I'm Rick James Bitch!"  Did you not see Bamboozled! Long has Satire been used has an excuse to reinscribe racist stereotypes on t.v.   of course white people find funny depictions of black crackheads (when was the last time you saw a  white crack head on t.v.?) but not for the same reasons we (non-white) people do.  Of course I find that  suspicious because it makes me question what images Chappelle is putting out there.  What alternative  vision is he creating?  On SouthPark   This D.C. native began performing stand-up comedy in area nightclubs at age fourteen.  What sets him apart is his signature willingness to mock his own race ? and every other.  One result is a TV show that asks audiences to question their reaction to his offensive material.    - Kate Conner-Ruben from www.arborweb.com   Though his intention is to be satirical, that doesn't mean that he's successful.  In alot of ways my  relationship to the Chappelle show is kind of like my relationship with hip hop. You don't want to  support the glorfication of blackness= violence, sex, bling etc on the other hand you wanna dance  cuz that beat is bumping. I watch Chappelle in my room on my own , and comfortable in my skin, but it's like he's sharing a  private joke that I don't want shared with white people.  Yeah I said it.  But on the other hand his penchant for lowbrow humor can be insightful and it's successul at times. Examples   Trading Spouses The Racial Draft The Wayne Brady Episode Reparations Ask a Black Dude.   Now mind you most of these are from his first season and when he was  just making fun of white people and no one was really feeling him. One thing no one's taken into account is that he didn't really blow up until he started making fun of black people.   Here's what some other white people said about Chappelle   Although the controversial skit could be viewed as perpetuating age-old  stereotypes that blacks are lazy and don't pay their bills on time, we know  Chappelle is really saying it's OK to laugh at ourselves and our perceived differences.  -By Kevin D. Thompson COX NEWS SERVICE    ummmm yeah......     but on the other hand maybe it puts discussion about race into the public sphere maybe then white people will want to talk about race   These days, nobody makes me laugh louder than Dave Chappelle.   This show makes you laugh until it hurts too much not to laugh at the racist idiocy we typically take so seriously. -Tony Norman www.post-gazette.com   Who is this WE that takes race so damned seriously............lol  Well now that this is solved we  can get to the fucking until we're all the same color and then it will be a purely class construct.   hmmph!