Continuing the Letter Writing Tradition, the Enviromentalist Returns ...........    1.  For May 2004 :  Youve done your penance by walking six feet behind a two-headed nimrod, and have eaten humble pie until your stomach hurt. Those times are so over, Leo  so buck up and stand tall.  Astro-Abby, you're more right than you could imagine. "sigh" I'm done with managing people and their egos. In the words of Rich,  it's time to blaze my own path.      2.  During the Initial stage of the struggle, the oppressed, instead of striving for liberation, tend themselves to become oppressors, or "sub-oppressors."  The very structure of their thought has been conditioned by the contradictions of the concrete,  existential situation by which  the were shaped. Their ideal is to be men; but for them , to be men is to be the oppressors.  This is their model for humanity.  -Paulo Freire  Pedagogy of the Oppressed    3.  Dear (_____),   not a sonnet not haiku not free verse This is a  letter saying all of the things I've wanted to.  All the things that I was afraid would jeapordize all that I cared about  Will the Truth set me free?     I can say this now because it's finally over. The past couple of months have been hard, as I've gone back and forth with myself I've been wondering whose fault it was. Who made what was once a intense and passionate relationship become something so fraught with bitterness wallows in the  muddy waters of disintegrated possibilities.  Maybe it was my fault.  I know, I DO  have a tendency to idealize, and I don't listen to the tiny voices in my head that say that this is  and has always has been kind of shady  I believed in you. I believed in us. I believed that together we could change more than minds, I believed that we could change the world. I believed in teaching love, peace and progress by sheer force of will.  Now I sit here humbled at the bigness of it all, of a future spent managing egos and insecurities I don't want to be stuck drowning in a puddle parading as a pond full of guppies who think that they're sharks    When my father told me that you were no good, that you would simply use me and  spit me out , I didn't listen. Late nights spent watching Def Poetry Jam with the volume turned low, I defended you I defended us I said that you were more than a passing fancy I believed that I could turn your faults into  strengths   "Hands pressed up against the plexiglass  and I saw who was fucking you and it was yourself"    And then I watched as your own ego consumed you and infected others. I saw how often the revolving door of your bedroom went round I saw how quickly you sold out I saw the booze I saw the smoke  Worst was how you infected the people you promised to protect. Where there was supposed to be a place that encouraged vision stood a place that feed on people's insecurities and their need to belong  you were something to aspire to Where you once pushed and inspired now you push down and you push away those with the conviction to offer an opinion different from yours those who see your flaws and choose to love you anyway  So I'm finally doing it. Finally saying goodbye Finally saying Fuck You Finally standing up for myself Finally saying how much I did love  you Finally saying how hurt I am Finally ready to move up and on   go on, brush your shoulders off  I'm finally lifting off that great big chip on my shoulder. I really need to. It's affecting my writing and worst of all my humanity. I don't recognize myself anymore.   "So when do you know it's finally over?"  "When it stops being worth it anymore"   To the Slam To the New York City Spoken Word Community  Diane  P.S. Oh and you can keep my poems