Last night for whatever reason, I started thinking about P=MV ( Power = Mass x Velocity)  of all the formulas that Mr. Anderes and Mr. Ganji made me  memorize this was on my brain. In my feeble logic I decided that the answer to all the worlds problems lay in P=MV   1) P= MV then 2) MP=V 3) PMV= 1?!?  No way? Makes no sense right? So then this light bulb goes off in my head and I think PMV = Inertia!   *(Please keep in mind that I haven't taken a Physics class since 1998)  So anyway, now I'm in the middle of writing this poem on Inertia and  and objects resistance to change and next thing I know  I'm waking up and it's morning  and P=MV is still bugging me so I blog. I come across   Oscar's  blog and see this.    TIPS ON READING POETRY  -read the poem in your own voice -do not guess the intent of the author -respect all commas, period, line breaks and stanza breaks  It was so easy to comprehend and simple and to the point.I laughed at myself because Id' been trying for months to try and nail explaining poetry deconstruction in a simple way. I laughed again and remembered just how important it is to have good  teachers in your life. Those people who have the patience to believe in you before you do, and the talent to break things down in a manner in which you  understood.   The old adage "Those can do  Those who can't teach" was more accurate than I would have liked in my school. We had a revolving door of bitter teachers, failures at their "real" professions, but there were always those teachers that really influenced you,and had a great impact on the kind of person that you'll become. Good teaching is difficult, and takes lots of work and planning, and trusting and sometimes teaching is really simple. Sometimes it's just about giving a shit about your students and listening to them, and making them important, because they know when you don't.  So I'm thinking, who has me up half the night thinking about P=MV?  He was the rogue of our district, a former military scientist, he  co-wrote a book with his wife about Ice. Yes, ice. This is what the  government studies.....ice and it's military capabilities....anyway... because he was schooled there, he had alot of knowledge in soo many different areas, like bio-med engineering, lasers, programming, electronics etc. So he teaches a program in one of the Magnet highschools called I&A (or Instrumentation and Automation)  First year (10th grade) We did introductory segments in bio-med engineering, physics, electronics, IC-board design and some other stuff  Second year (11th grade) I think we did like lasers/optics, and sound stuff (making/building/designing speakers), motors  3rd year  AP Calc /Indepedent Study  Umm yeah....this was high school and this guy was teaching stuff that College kids wouldn't get into until their Junior Year so how do I factor in?  Well after I had moved to Long Island I found that I had a knack for routinely getting into trouble.  I didn't smoke, do drugs, hang out, I was pretty much a hermit and I never went to parties and lived a pretty sheltered existence save for the reminders that everything in school was lies and that the Americans were brainwashing me.......ummm yeah moving on  but last part is sort of true. I grew up in a household that encouraged reading and above all questioning everything and not in some conspiracy theory way.... I just read alot but most importantly I read alot outside of school which prompted alot of curiosity in me which lead me to ask questions IN school... quite obviously the wrong ones  "Why isn't Egypt taught with the rest of Africa?" " But didn't Columbus kill all the Indians?" " If I pledge allegiance to the flag, does that mean   that I agree with everything that America does?"  and so on and so forth. If you don't know me well, I'm kinda hard headed. I can see now how/why these questions got on my teacher's nerves, but hey if I was a racist failed artist/writer/actor from middle class suburbia stuck in an all black school for little or no pay being asked questions I don't know the answers too........ I might be a little miffed too.  Now here's the next part that is true but you probably WON'T believe...... My social studies teacher had my paren'ts number on my speed dial I had been threatened with suspension twice for offenses including disrespecting a teacher ( I asked why the school felt the need to criminalize it's population with security guards) and destroying school property( Supposedly I had hacked into the computer labs computers and infected all of them with viruses. WHATever!?!?!)  Anyway I apply for Mr. Anderes program. I thought hey it's Math , I CAN'T really have an opinion therefore I can't get in trouble right?  I walk in and I'm floored. First thing he says is "If you want to learn you will, if you don't I wont force you to" "If you have a 90 average or above  you don't have to do homework if you don't want to Homework is there to help cement what you've learned  during the day. I won't give it unless you ask"  No Homework unless you asked? Are you kidding me?  but we did ask.......and often. Every night I'd get problems and I'd get my friends on the phone, We had study parties and  it was hard, but it was fun. I was never good at math but physics? I loved physics. It was creative , and had shapes, before  poetry there was physics.....  And this is what got me. Politics were never really discussed in class but it was there in methodology. There was no program like this  in the state and I'd be suprised to find one like it in the country. We had to have our own Regents written by (lol) our teacher, and our class comprised of the all the district rejects, the ones who had  trouble acclamating to regular school. AT least half of our 2nd year class had been diagnosed with some sort of disorder, be it ADD or depression, 4 of our guys with colorblind and then there was me the resident hacker culture theologist. I went to 2600 meetings listened to    Off the Hook  religously, , latest proggies, pushed to start a hacker training camp in order build an army that would free information everywhere.....ummm yeah this was before free code  So I stuck it out and it was fun and we worked together and we  made our brains were harder and stronger and I finally felt like I was on a team and I sucked at math but that was ok!  Later on I found out that there were meetings held about me. I was labeled "subversive" (They used those words) and that I should be watched carefully. My teacher told them where they could stick it.....  While folks like to blame problems in education on institutional stuff like funding, and class size there is also another culprit.... bad teachers... they affect really important stuff like tracking, who gets placed in advanced, regents and remedial classes. Like how do you know these things in kindergarten, or first grade? and the tracking system is designed so that once you get in the track it's really hard to get out. For example you may be good at everything but math so you get retracked in ALL of your subjects and if you catch up you STILL don't move up...  So long story short, we were invested in our own education and for the first time I felt like school was someplace to learn not some place to hide from the cliques and facist teachers. His teaching style influenced the kind of person I would want to become, the kind of teacher I myself would want to be and the kind of education that should be afforded to everyone  sooo........ I called him. I haven't spoken to Mr. Anderes in almost say..? 5/6 years? I can't remember but it's been a while and he remembered me! and we talked caught up and I tried explaining how this call came about, about  my confusion with P=MV, about how I was a writer now and how everyone in the rest of our class was doing. Cassa, Jon, Birdie and Justin went to MIT Cassa is in grad school at MIT Jon is a union organizer in Philly Birdie joined a frat and we lost track of him and Justin is in a Cal Tech Doctoral program in Chem or something?  and me? ummm....I'm a writer/spoken word artist? uhhhhh no  I'm graduating this year with a Degree in Cultural Studies and a Concentration in Anthropology. I want to study the politics of Space within the context of education and in short , what I believe to be the social engineering of the American Concious or lack thereof.......yeah and there's a video component to that. Maybe I'll be chilling with Michael Moore and make some big expose on  the similarities between schools and prisons..  I wanted to say this and I didn't....instead...for once... I said what I truly felt.....  Thanks Mr. Anderes. Thanks for teaching me to respect my brain and to feed it. Thanks for empowering us to learn instead of spoonfeeding/or drilling us. Thanks for believing that we could.Thanks for pushing us without being condescending. Thanks for giving us the space to find our own way and our own niches. Thanks for not being caught up in having to do it YOUR way. And thanks for remembering my voice after all these years :)   oh yeah...and when I called him he corrected me Power does NOT equal mass times velocity Momentum does..... duh?