Last night several of my residents ran around in the rain with their shirts off, screaming at the angry heavens. I'm on the 10th floor and my residents were complaining. I've long learned to block out the New York City noise, it doesn't agree with me like it used to. It's too impersonal, the construction, the anonymous passerbys, not like Queens which has the sound of trees after 9pm or Brooklyn that has the sound of crack head scratching and Donna summers singing at 5AM.  They were screaming I wanted to as well.  I imagined me at 5 years old  midnite on the outskirts of Port Au Prince. I remembered my house, it was white and blue and there was mango tree in the front yard and I would always reach out on the balcony to try and get one. The mangoes were always to far away  At night, before breastes  before I was washed with wine I would dance with everyone else shirt-less and free , screaming and showering in the rain  I told them that they needed to stop. One of them looked at me  (I was like, oh yeah I'm the authority figure here) He said"Well if you WANT us to stop we will but we don't' HAVE to"   When you're screaming  at 1:30 in the morning like a maniac I don't have to be nice to you, but there is that part in me that's just a little envious and wishes that I had your  cajones   I wanted to get on top of the roof and tear my clothes off  and scream and smile and dance and explode, without analysis or explanation without responsibility  I did feel a little bit freer.  Publicly posting what I really felt about slam sliced a tiny chip of that shoulder of mine then passing up on a finals spot sliced another chip I was able to really enjoy it and as the night went on the more comfortable I felt with my decision. Contrary to popular belief  I never liked the competition, the pressure or even really being in front of people. The more I slammed the more nervous I got, not because of the points but I just never really enjoyed being on stage. I've always been way to self concious to ever like that many people staring at me. Big crowds, cool because I can't see anyone but even that got a bit much. This is why I get so defensive. I don't like motherfuckers looking at me. It bothers me. Stop. When I started it was easier, but as I grew to know the people around me who were listening, I subconcsiously began censoring myself  more and more. My real opinions and thoughts would slip out anyway, and we see where THAT's gotten me.  I couldn't be that vulnerable again. It hurt too much. I may not have gotten enough attention from my mother as a child but I didn't want to get that attention  here, from an audience.   Rather, with a nice boy, one on one, who makes me laugh and be naked while still clothed, who pulls the rug out from under me but then catches me whne I fall. It's no coincidence that I was dating **** when I first started slamming. He kept me sane and balanced and blocked out all the bullshit. Without him as my shield, I was now privy to all those things he tried to protect me from and I didn't like it.   Now I'm not even sure I enjoy reading my poems aloud. During semis it was Ray, Jai and Matt who kept me sane and I didn't want to go  through that again especially on a national stage. Slam no longer had anything to offer me as a writer and it was stifling not pushing me. Slamming during the season takes a lot out of me and slowly but surely I was getting really uncomfortable about the competition aspect. Shouldn't we be working together? Honestly, what did I want? I wanted to be on a team, to have me work want to be read and respected, I wanted to be pushed to my limits I wanted to have that camaraderie and to get really really drunk and silly with people I knew  and cared for.  I also realized that I could do that a lot easier without the competition.  Although I've had my personal gripes with 13 this was just me getting tired of/ growing out of the slam format in general  When I found out that I had a finals spot, my first instinct was to pull a Sean Randall and go up and freestyle all 5 rounds. I didn't give a hoot, but then I realized other people did, others who actually have something to give/gain to the slam, people who would appreciate and get out of it more than I could being in this scene so long.  .  Watching the team form, with Rich, mahogany , and Abena I became really happy. It was nice to see new blood. My favorite performance of the night was Jai's Calculus poem. I don't think I'd heard it before or at least not like this! It's an amazing poem,especially if you're a nerd. I loved it!.  It's amazing I've been called a lot of things Most of them inaccurate but a hypocrite is not one of them.  Ironically in order to be a hypocrite you have to  actually have had convictions to begin with.   *New Years Resolution #3,987    When you actually have the courage to have opinions, you will inevitably piss people off. Stop feeling bad about it, it comes with the territory