I just finished dvd-ing myself to death. Today was checkout and I was on duty from 2-6 getting all of the little freshman out of the dorms and back to where ever the hell the've come from. It's 1:46 in the morning and my doorbell just rang... AGAIN.... it's a good thing that i'm doing anything important like having sex.....jesus    Random Realizations....    1.  Watching Diane Keaton cry for 5 minutes straight is like overdosing laxatives.....the pain just won't stop.   2.  Keanu Reeves is fine.....and dare I say complex?  This is something no one would ever admit especially after   Bill and Ted's  oh so excellent adventure and/or Speed or his one dimensional character in The Matrix Trilogy, but the small roles that he's taken I like. Somethings Gotta Give My Own Private Idaho Dangerous Liasons  Ok so he's mostly played one dimensional dummies.....but  lately , especially after Matrix Revolutions...he's  grown on me...he's gotten funnier too....   I mean used to think that about   Brad Pitt . This was until  12 monkeys, Fight Club , Oceans 11 and of course  Interview with a Vampire. Now he's cited as being overly complex for the roles that  he plays. I don't know, but there's something sweet and sincere in his eyes. I loved his relationship with Diane Keaton in this movie and the way that it wrapped up with everyone ending up in their age approriate relationships really annoyed me. I just never believed that she would fall for a jackass like Nicholson's character leading me to    3.  Watching Jack Nicholson cry THAT much in a movie was just...... weird.  4. Amanda Peet is the not so annoying version of Jennifer Garner. I never liked her type (boring girl next door*see Katie Holmes) but she's alot more palatable than Ms. Garner and she (hopefully) wouldn't  be caught dead in the travesty  13 going on 30   5.Talking to Eliel online. He's the 6th person TODAY that has told me how great a movie   this  was and how funny and romantic it's supposed to be. It was annoying with some endearing parts. Honestly the highlight for me was when Julian (Keanu) comes in and they start playing   (oh adam)  Sunday Morning but then the fade out was totally out of sync  with the scene..... With a budget as big as this you'd think they'd get a decent sound editor with some rythm.... ok ...maybe I'm just hating.... maybe I've just gotten cynical... I'm sure the movie had some really deep uplifting meaning which quite frankly I'm not in the mood to see....of course I spent a long time hating Jerry Mcguire......  I thought that Rene Zellwegger's character was such a wallflower who defined herself by Tom Cruise's character.. I thought that she was so weak in her vulnerabilities I kept screaming at her to walk away....  then I watched my father.... he'd watch this movie once a week and cry and I'd watch it with him, on the couch  waiting for the money to come through to  make this divorce a possibility, to be able to put me  through school , my brother through school and get a second  mortgage. He's spent the last year and half on the couch and I've spent as many nights as I could there too.. I don't know when, but Rene's character started changing.. She wasn't the idiot love lorn loser who was infatuated with a self absorbed ego maniac........ she was in love and in that love she saw the man that he could be and accepted the man the he was. It gave her the strength to love him and the strength to leave him while still loving him because it wasn't just her who deserved more  THEY deserved more........but I wasn't going to see that was i? I just thought that my dad was an overemotional lush.... I used to call him a coward  and here he was in tears braver than I ever thought I could be... he laughed "it gets me everytime" I smiled..... went to my room silently and cried.....  I don't do that anymore.....  maybe I'll like THIS movie one day...