This is not goodbye she said It is just time for me to rest my head She does not walk she runs instead Down these jagged streets and into my bed  -Maroon 5    Oh Adam , you're back in  my rotation again.....I need someone to soothe my bones   As I've cut off the last of loose strings, this upcoming summer won't be as scary as I initially thought it was going to be... At first it was filled with random thoughts like "SHIT!" what do I do  now? now I feel like Felicity right after she got over her initial crush on Ben.... free to live her life.... and up comes the dramatic music and she cut her hair (i'm not cutting it)   News/Updates   -My roommates have finally moved out and I feel so liberated. Unlike   Bass  I don't  believe in the sanctity of clothing....so this  is great. I won't be alone for to long but the next week or two will be great. I miss living alone. I got my first on my own apartment at 19 years old, and I had the room to be totally nuerotic/psychotic all  by myself without an audience.I forgot what living with people can do to a person like me who feels claustrophobic very quickly. If we're not married, I can't stand being around anyone that much, it's just annoying.  -  Guy  you were right. I already have projects and possibly more school lined up for this summer. I can't help it....    -Eric is leaving and as much as I'll miss him ( I never spent enough time with him) I understand and applaud his need to  just get up and go. Sometimes you've just got to press ctrl-alt-del and see what life throws at you. It'll be interesting to see how relations shift, I know when I moved I got closer to  so many people i never thought I'd get closer to.....  - I miss my girlfriends...I'm making a point of spending more time with them. No boys allowed.   - Spent the past couple of days walkin around Union square and LES..... i love this weather  - I miss the mini-convos of my tagboard. I'm putting it back. I don't care how cluttered you think is. Comments actually require more substantial posting, which honestly I don't feel like doing in the summmer. I want to be OUTSIDE!!! I'm applying my substantiabilty (yeah so what it's not a word) elsewhere....like working on my tan  :)