Zombie:  A being that behaves like us and may share our functional organization and even, perhaps, our neurophysiological makeup without conscious experiences  source*http://members.aol.com/lshauser/zomboid.html   1. The reason why zombies don't eat each other is simple. They are not cannibals, while it is commonly believed that they have some conciousness it is usually due to what we call in zombie circles "residual memory". This is the reason why in   Night of the Living Dead  and   Dawn of the Dead  Zombies returned to their homes and were drawn to people they knew. The process of zombie-fiction is akin to an eraser of conciousness which whittles someone's concious to the simply the some of their parts. This is why "brain-eating" is prevalent amongst zombies. Though all signs point to them being "dead-ish" there is that basic need to recapture that conciousness and to keep from from actually dying (becoming inanimate, with zero conciousness etc) Zombies are driven purely by biological instinct. Conciousness can only come from a fully concious human NOT another Zombie and THIS is why they don't eat each other.  2. In the Movie 28 days later, the zombie concioussness is distentegrated to one common denominator and that is pure and unadulterated RAGE. THESE zombies have inhabited the conciousness of the disease which they are infected with. The conciusness of a virus is like that of any other living creature and that instinct drives it to procreate, or in this case infect others. Now what isn't  believable in the movie 28 days later was how quickly this "disease" makes you "turn" or transform into zombie conciousness.  3. Zombie Movies, started by the great George A. Romero have always been political commentaries and satires. Because the zombie lacks conciousness, it is reduced to the role of a foil. It's a dramatic tool used to illuminate things about the main characters, those humans with conciusness with whom we the audience have a vested interest in. Because traditional zombies were slow, ghoulish, stupid, easy to kill, when the main characters died it was usually through some character flaw of their own or to illuminate something that Romero was trying to convey. In the original Night of the Living Dead, he was making a racial/moral commentary on Post-50's life in rural America and on our moral economy. In Dawn of the Dead he was discussion issues such as the morality of abortion, consumerism etc.  What makes a 28 days later a significant movie in the zombie genre is the fact that these zombies are rabid, they run : This means that blame shifts over to the zombie and not to you the concious human being.  Like Lord of the Flies, the film strips away the civility we all think we possess and demonstrates that we, too, are bound by the laws of the animal kingdom - it's survival of the fittest and to have a future we need to reproduce  any questions?