The past two days have been such a blur..... Thank god I went to G.A. with Sal and Guy on Saturday. Poor Guy lost his glasses on Nitro and he was blind as a bat. We kept losing him and he'd walk around with this lost look on  his face and you'd think he was looking right at you when in reality he was just trying to to recognize the colors everyone was wearing cause I don't think that he could really recognize our faces.  1. Salome is one tough woman!Like I thought I was fearless but nooooooo......Woman had a plan and by 1pm we had gotten on like 4-5 rides (we rode batman twice). Now that's FOCUS! most people just mosey on along and you end up on two hour lines. We did that for ONE ride (SUperman) which was totally not worth out , however I got to see  scantily clad, skanky girls in various degrees of inappropriate attire down to just rank nudity.   You missed out   2.I hate New School University Housing and I don't care if this shows up on  any google searches. They are EVIL, EVIL , EVIL!! You think you know..........but you have no idea. Yeah sure I get a free room........in exchange for my SOUL!! This rant will get more detailed in due time folks in due time...  3. I finally changed rooms. They moved me into a smaller suite. For now I have it to myself and that's nice. I can live like a human being again, I can play my music really loud, run around naked screaming, do dishes when ever I FEEL like doing them and not have to wallow in the nastiness of others. I was built to live alone. I need that space to be manic and crazy and stupid...... I grew up in a one bedroom apartment with two crazy parents and one loud little brother who I shared a bed with....you can imagine just how much peace and quiet are luxuries that I will never tire of ...   4. I'm really exhausted. I was checking people in at like 2aM. I fell asleep in the office around 4 am and woke up at 8 to finish moving stuff and then there's training this whole week. It's not the work that bothers me it's just not ever telling me about it until last minute. I missed my best friend's graduation and I doubt she's even speaking to me at this moment.  5. The real reason that I decided to post.  Every couple days I check my referrals on Site meter and there are some funnny ones and I always get slightly paranoid when I see just how many google searches that there are for my name. The usual suspects who I'd expect to search me know where to find me which leaves Unusual suspects and honestly, I don't go out enough to have anyone searching for my ass.........save for  my dad...but that's a whole other post... anyway so I'm looking through the google searches mostly my name Dave chappelle or a search for someone on my links section but this tops all of the weird google searches EVER  drum roll please..........    diane roy diane OR para OR paraplegic OR wheelch   WHAT? who's out to get me......then I realized it was the OTHER Diane Roy from France, the cyclist......  yeah....