le remix   Wednesday morning  rain is falling steal some covers share some skin  back and forth  we sway like branches in a storm change the weather still together when it hends   but things just get so crazy living life gets hard to do and I would gladly hit the road get up and go if i knew that someday it would lead me back to you that may be all I need........   Goals for the Next 5 years?  1. GET IN THERAPY AND STAY THERE!   no more of this dillydallying shit.  No I'm fucked up and I hurt and I want it to stop. Period. I'm sick of the cold sweats, the panick attacks I want to erase the constant lump in my throat. I look at pictures from the last 10 years. I don't smile There's a naseous feeling in the morning  when I realize that another day is starting: and there's nothing  I can do about that.  This isn't grief. How can I have lost something I never had?  It's another day and it seems like it's never going to end. You're just trying to get through the next hour trying to smile joke be sarcastic do your work don't complain and for chrissake if you tell me how angry I am again Don't give me that look the one that says "you're too smart for this" I can't reason my way out of depression  believe me I've tried  If there was anyone who would create   a theory of everything  simply to make herself feel better it would be me.  Don't tell me how I feel Don't presume to know me because you don't so stop   "And who's fault is that?"    You know somethings wrong when you start covering it up... you start having to pretend happiness   There's always that one person the one  that can always see right through you into your bones and under your skin and straight into the ugly you're so desperately trying to cover up with  jokes cut sharp and narrow the laughs with the undercurrent of disgust  I hate that person for seeing this and not loving me anyway.  I can't remember the last time I was honest  on this blog in my poems face to face  I can't remember the last time what was in my heart was accurately translated  instead I get this kneejerk reaction the one with the witty one liners lathered in turpitude  where my insecurities pour out like bile punishment for all the things I'm waiting for you to do to me and you will do them to me   I walk around and my world is like the Matrix  everyone still "plugged" still is a  potential  enemy. One thatat any moment can turn into an agent that will hunt me down.  feel breathe on my back  so no........I don't sleep.  I pass out and then the nightmares start and when my brain processes memory it' doesn't know the diffrence  Does it matter if a memory is real or not? because I have them and real or not they map out  the woman I am....  so then I wake up in the morning..... it takes me a couple of minutes to digest what I've spent the last couple of hours experiencing then I give myself the talk that good or bad it's not real it's not real it's not real  then I feel the knot in my stomache as I quickly calculate how many hours  are left, how many hours I can stay up before I pass out again.........   V.O. (Voice Over)  At least Charlie had Algernon