A J-Lo Intervention     LONDON (Reuters) - British bookmakers offered  odds of 3-1 Monday that singer/actress Jennifer Lopez and her new husband  Marc Anthony would divorce by the end of the year   Those who never quite accepted that Lopez and Affleck  had split for good after one of Hollywood's most tumultuous  romances also have a chance to bet.    The bookmakers are offering 14-1 odds that Affleck and  Lopez are married by the end of 2004    An Open Letter  Jen, Sweetie, I know that that you're most likely NOT reading this. Right now you and Marc are somewhere being blissfully happy, ignoring the media and all of the speculation around you. I'm sure that you're out being "dripped" in diamonds. Oh sure, you're still Jenny from the block  Is NOTHING sacred to you?  So tell me Jen, ARE you happy? Really? You sound like you need a friend.  Or a swift kick in your not so voluptous ass  "She's short/ her ass is wide/ it's an optical illusion"   Maybe you and Britney should go into group therapy together. Maybe she can talk you into becoming a resanctified virgin with her, maybe you can give her some fashion tips. Sisters need to stick together! I know that it must be hard dating, but marriage is NOT a coping mechanism for a broken heart. You don't marry the rebound, especially not if it's Marc Anthony! come on!  Those kinds of mistakes are for stupid 20 year olds not seasoned 31-year old women! At your age you shouldn't even need a rebound! That's just childish and above all weak! Read a book or something! Go Camping! Stop seeing your spiritualist and get therapy!  take a breather try to be alone for a second! Close your legs for two!   Try standing on your own two feet for a little while... learn to love J. Lo for J.Lo Have some serius J. Lo time...... take a warm bath spend the afternoon masterbating and loving J-Lo take some advice from Beyonce......... or Mary J...... or Tina Turner......  YES! take a note from Tina! Stop getting MARRIED!  I have only one advice to give you: Why don't you retire while you can still pretend that you are on top?  Greta Garbo had one flop and retired from acting. You have had many and you are still hanging on. I wonder if that should be interpreted as courage or stubbornness. You will say that you have to please your fans, and I have no doubt that there are several J.Lo fans out there. But there have been concerns that your latest behaviour -- including this marriage thing -- has demonstrated once and for all that you have lost touch with your fans. I have tried to offer solutions above, but I am certain that the situation can only worsen over time. You are but a fad in a series of fads in a society with an attention span long enough for a fifteen-second commercial. Your popularity has decreased in recent years, but why do you first have to through a Carey-esque "Glitter" to realize it?  I wish this was more biting but I feel for you J-Lo really I do.    2.  And In Other News....  Reagan Died. About Damned time. I'm glad.I hate his tired alzheimer's ass.There I said it. You can start tapping my phones again  3. They say taupe is very soothing.....