1.Bernie Mac's wife on his show is very, very pretty. One day I'd like to get a weave just like hers :)  2.I'm coming out of the closet now. I'm a poker player. It's a vice,but one much healthier than some others and I've been meeting tons of cool new people which is cool. If you think it's a game of luck then you're playing the wrong game but that's a whole other post. For right now I'll just do a brief write up of last night.   Last night's poker game was actually pretty good. Only thing was that I got there really late, so I didn't have time to get my money back. I didn't get out of work till 9 so by the time I got home it was almost 11. I called up   Pauly  to see if the game was still going on and it was so I zipped uptown and got cracking.   When I got there it was such a rush. I think I become my true self when I play. Normally I'm so busy being self conciuos that I just retreat into my shell...here? I become the badass I've always dreamed of being. It's like having an alter ego.  Question:If you had a superpower, what would it be?  I kept getting sucked into games of Anaconda. This is a hi/lo game where the people with the high or the low split the pot. This was a concept that was still a little fuzzy to me because EVERYONE was at least representing a full boat. People who won this game usually did so with quads or straight flushes.  Question was whose boat would beat who's.  I just learned the rules that night so I didn't really get a good idea of when I had a good hand or not. The thing about Ananconda is that the pots get  HUGE, I mean REALLY HUGE really quickly.It's a tough game to walk away and it's really easy to lose alot of money.  and i did.  I laid down some strong hands. I think some of my strenghts are that I don't have any obvious tells, I have really good intution and because it's simply a game, I can get into certain roles so much quicker. (Speaking of which a D&D blog will follow) I know when you've got it, when you've don't and who I can push around. Sometimes I lapse and I don't listen to myself. It happens to us all. Also being a girl, I don't have the same ego as some of the guys do so when I'm took I'll fold. It helps me play a much tighter game.  But this happened in this game of Anaconda where it was heads up between me and   Ferrari  Now you may not know anything about poker but let me explain the situation. I just started playing poker and all of the practice I've gotten has come from playing with   M.C.S.  which was moot because there's no bluffing there at all. I usually play poker online. To my left is Charlie who from what I got makes his living playing poker   Pauly  who makes his  living playing poker part-time....and Ferrari who hosts this weekly game. Basically I'm at a table of semi-pros and/or Ivy league, wall street guys with lots of money to lose.You can see how it can get intimidating. The poker players I'm afraid of most are the nerds, because when they get into something they get into it all the way. These are the card counters, the guys who read the poker books, who systematically look for tells and then break them down.....like crazy shit.  Example:    Playing a round of Ananconda   Pauly: Do you think I've got the nuts? Ferrari: Please! I know what YOU'RE holding! Pauly: What are you the amazing Kreskin?  Diane: *(To herself)  Yeah he passed you those 8's on 4th street   Ferrari: I passed you those 8's on 4th street  Thing is I intuit whether you've got it or not, I get the feeling that Ferrari memorizes hands and shit. I'll be the first to admit that I'm not a poker mathematician. I'm a little slow on the uptake so when I'm in a hand he's the guy I'm always worried about,  the only reason I'd end up heads up with him is because as tight a player as he is, I can read him like a book and he usually just has me out drawn. For example in this one hand, I knew his four 3's would beat my boat 6's over K's. I knew that he had quads when he turned over his pair of threes. I knew that he was checking from a position of strenght not weakness. Though there were other hands at the table that had me bought I know I could push them out. (I hope they're not reading this lol...) but those 3's were taunting me. My boat was taunting me. In a round of Hold 'Em a full boat is a betting hand! but in Ananconda this is not so. I could SEE the 3 and I bet anyway...... I was already too invested. Lo and behold it turned over and my stomache dropped.....    I was down to $17 bucks at one point but I grinded my way back up winning a couple small pots including an all-in for 1.50 when   Asphnxma  was about to leave.   Like I said before... it was a good game. I needed to play. If  you want another wrap up go   here