i lost 3 lbs , i went out and got a tan,  i had some cds stolen and i didn't kill anyone  today was a good day  This is an open letter to the woman I will eventually become. The one who is as strong as she is percieved to be The one who like Nike says, Just does it.  This woman won't write letters to herself in the future tense This woman will go to parties and wear Manolo Blahniks and smile constantly she'll take pictures, lots of them She'll write things that are happy.... She won't laugh in embarassment when they aren't She'll sit in quiet solitude.... in the park and barnes and noble she'll smile more she'll start going to  Acentos  regularly...... she'll exist in the greys between all or nothing instead of jumping from either/or  She'll smile more She willl read religiously and accept people for who they are Not who she wants them to be She'll got Acentos more.....  She'll finally write   Rich  the e-mail she's been working on for days. The one where she breezily mentions that she reads his blog all the time. She tells him that how  impressed she's been with his work and how much she's been enjoying watching the man that he's growing into.  She'd tell   Oscar , how much she wishes they were friends and she'd stop being too mad to be the patient one.......  She'd stop jocking   Guy  so much ;)  She'd play poker more regularly. It teaches her that win/lose playing  teaches you alot.  She'd Thank   Eliel  for checking up on her  She'd tell   Juan Diaz  that he's cool and that she reads his blog. She'd tell him that leaving school was probably the best decision he ever made. She'd keep her mouth shut about Iraq   She'd admit that she too needs friends.  She'd post this blog and not be embarrassed by it. She'd stop writing about herself in the third person  I wonder what she'll think reading this years from now. Will she think I'm pathetic? weak? entirely to vulnerable? Will she be laughing at how hard it is for me to access myself face to face? Will she see how childish and cowardly it is to need to see yourself through an intermediary afraid to take responsibility and to define  yourself and accept responsibility for those decisions....  I'm sure she'll laugh and understand and simply..........  smile more.