Cataloging a book called   Doing our own thing : the degradation of language and music and why we should, like, care .  Pulled up the record in our   consortial database , to which only one library had attached an item - CV [, Illinois, Public Library].  It had only one subject heading: "English language--United States".  That seemed really weird, given the topic of the book.  Wouldn't it, I thought, be more...um... contentious  than that?  Perhaps more opinionated, argumentative, pointed?  Yet it was an OCLC record (and for anyone reading this who doesn't understand library-talk, an "OCLC record" means that it's kosher - as good as it's getting, the "right" record, the way it's  supposed  to be).  So I was even more curious.  Pulled up FirstSearch and looked at the original OCLC record.    There were SEVEN subject headings.  All of them were useful, lovely, interesting, and more complex than "English language--United States".  Want to see?  English language -- Variation -- United States.  Popular music -- United States -- History and criticism.  English language -- Written English -- United States.  English language -- Spoken English -- United States.  English language -- Social aspects -- United States.  English language -- United States -- Usage.  Language and culture -- United States.   That's what they  took out .  Why would they take that out?  Because it did  too good  a job of describing the book?  Because specificity is "bad"?  Because the average CV patron has an I.Q. of 3?    And isn't it painfully ironic to rip the useful subject headings out of a book about the degradation of our language by lazy-assed people?    So I replaced the bastardized record with the one containing all of the above subjects, and I'm still chock-full of righteous indignation and anger.  I want to call E, the library director in CV, and just scream at her.  Not to say anything, in particular, but just  scream .  She wouldn't understand the multi-syllable words I'd want to use anyway, so a prolonged shriek would suffice, yes?  This job sucks the life out of me, truly.