Pooke hasn't figured out that she has legs - I've carried her around the house nonstop since I got home from work last night.  It's endearing, but I have work to do and we're both going to have to get used to it.    Someone asked me yesterday (more gently than this) "What's the deal with your thesis?  I can't tell from the obtuse comments you make about it on your blog."  I have to admit to being deliberately obtuse about it; this blog-writing is an opportunity to develop a world that is of my own design, and I want anyone who's reading it to know only what I choose for them to know.  i.e. Only the good stuff.  And my thesis, and all that surrounds it, are not good.  I'll give the barest details now, because I  must  get to work and get the damned thing done so I can go on with my life.  But this much should satisfy most curiosity.  Title: On the Threshold of Belligerency: Irish and Spanish Neutrality in the Second World War  Institution: Department of History [and Philosophy], Eastern Michigan University  Abstract: "Neutrality, as a political philosophy, faced a strong challenge during World War II.  Neutrality is an agreement among states that the independence and territory of a neutral will be maintained as long as it does not become involved in a conflict in such a way that might lead to war with another state.  Spain and Ireland were both neutral during the War.  Analyses of primary and secondary historical texts provides evidence that neither country conformed to neutrality as it was intended.  A case is made that, while looking out for her own best interests, Ireland provided crucial assistance to the Allies' naval campaigns.  Spain aided the Axis through her control of natural resources vital to the waging of war.  The impact of Irish and Spanish neutrality on the course of World War II is discussed along with the implications of how their actions affected the general understanding of neutrality."   I can't really express how little I care about this topic right now.  Neutrality used to be interesting to me - now it's a thorn in my side, an ache in my head that will never leave.  Well, maybe it'll leave in a week and a half.  We'll see.  But I can assert that my enthusiasm is long-passed.  On a totally different note, I was just making some tea.  And it cheapens me to admit how much I like my   T-Fal Vitesse electric kettle .  It boils a liter of water in 90 seconds, has an automatic shut-off when it boils, and the kettle itself is cordless (it fits into a corded base for heating).  My boss, who is otherwise incomprehensible and inconsiderate, gave it to me for Christmas.  It was an  excellent  gift.    I should sit down on the couch with my   Levenger Lap Desk  and start editing, drinking my freshly-made   Republic of Tea Emperor's White Tea .  But there's about 5" of snow in the driveway that will completely clear off if I shovel it, since it's just now crept above freezing, damn it.  So I'm going out to shovel.  Damn it.