Making lists  always makes me more stressed out than having no clue.  I woke up this morning thinking about everything that I needed to do today.  I made a mental list - things to remember to take to the office; things to do at work; things to talk with people about at work; things to do after work.  By the time I finished, I was ready to get back in bed and pull the covers over my head.  Not surprisingly, I haven't been  on time to work  at all in 2004.  The Borders store in DeKalb, Illinois is managed by  cretins .  They had a fundraiser for literacy - like the one held at Barnes & Noble - and gave all the money to the DeKalb Public Library.  (B&N split their proceeds between SPL and DPL.)      I miss Wolfgang .  We haven't had a real conversation since we went out for lunch at Panera about 4 months ago.  He might disagree, but I think he's very smart, well-read, and conversant about pretty much everything that's worth talking about.  Not to mention that he knows more about current music than I could ever hope to, and he gives a  killer  back rub.  Sometimes the  hardest thing  in the world to do is, not a half hour later, the easiest.  And undoubtedly the best.  Tara had to do something today that wasn't easy or comfortable, but she was able to do it.  There are no awards ceremonies for stuff like this, but there should be.  I don't like ginger, and I don't like decaffeinated tea, but I like  Republic of Tea's Ginger Peach Decaf tea .  It doesn't make sense that I ever even tried it, but I like it.  A  snow day  would be great right about now.  I've been thinking some lately about this vague sense of unhappiness, and how it's someone else's fault.  But the odd corollary to that is that when I have the rare sense of unmitigated happiness, I think it's genuine and springs from within, and isn't dependent upon anyone else.  At some point I've got to reconcile this.   Who's in charge?    Four things I know for sure : 1. Television  character  I'd most like to have slept with: Steven Hyde, from  That 70s Show  2. Point (in my life) at which I'd like for that to have happened: when I was 16.  Much better to have done that with him than with Blake.  And much better to have done it then than when I did. 3. Television  actor  I'd most like to have slept with (opinion as of 10:33 PM, 1/26/04): Connor Trinneer, from  Star Trek: Enterprise  4. Spanish sports figure with whom I'd love to play pool (at least): Jose Maria Olazabal    It's been a long day, and I spent a lot of it alone, thinking -- I took notes.