* The weather's been perfect for two days - sunny, warm but not too hot for this time of year, and breezy.  Today it's cloudy, rainy and blah.  Much like my mood.  * On my way to a meeting yesterday afternoon, late, almost running out of my office, scooted past the copy machine and nearly slammed into...the law prof whom I'd libelled earlier in this venue.  I managed to avoid him at the last moment but it was a very near thing.  I was thankful that my hair's quite different than the last time he saw me.  Also think that I carry myself in a different way - more self-assured, shoulders back, confident? - than I had around graduation time from law school.  If he'd realized it was me (and if indeed he was aware of the highly improper statements I'd made about him here), he'd not have hesitated to confront me.  And pursue it.  I got lucky.  * I'm putting together some mix CDs at home in the evenings, 1 each for 4 friends.  It's confusing because the people are quite different and I want them hand-crafted to their personalities and my friendship with them.  Currently listening to Sister Hazel's   Somewhere More Familiar  because I think I want to use something from it for at least one of them.  I hope they turn out as good in reality as they seem to be going together on paper.  * Tell me, is The Rock really so  abhorrent  to men?  I've had an embarrassingly long ongoing discussion about him with perhaps my most erudite friend (now  there's  a standard up to which to live!) and he seems truly appalled at my interest in him (The Rock, that is, not the friend, with whom I have only friendship feelings but of very long standing and great warmth so as to include wife, brother, parents, cat, fish, etc.).  I just think that The Rock is interesting and a good actor - improving quite a bit from   The Scorpion King  to   The Rundown , and I'm looking forward to seeing if the trend continues in   Walking Tall .  * A reader review of   Monkey Dancing: A Father, Two Kids, and a Journey to the Ends of the Earth  on Amazon.com:    ***** More Monkeys, Less Pickles, April 26, 2004  Reviewer: Dipper Lips from Medusa, NY USA   Dipper see more monkeys. Dipper tippy. Dipper dance with dreamy monkeys. Sweet ballerina monquita dance for Dipper. Book give me monkeymares.    * Finally, the   Thursday Threesome  (so I'm late - sue me) from yesterday, via   Lora :  ::Goodie Two Shoes::   Onesome: Goodie --  What is your favorite "goodie" you treat yourself to when you've finished a project or maybe even just survived a long day? Ice cream? ...a long bath? ...a good book?   If what I've survived is something small, like a long but regular day, the reward is a good book.  If it's something truly heinous, the reward must be something more substantial.  I'm fond of spontaneous online shopping - for myself or someone else.     Twosome: Two --  Quick! Two things that make you smile! No thinking, just write!  Feathers & Cotton Candy.   Threesome: Shoes --  ...and how about your favorite pair of shoes? You know, the ones you look for an occasion to wear! (Yes, guys that ratty pair of tennis shoes does count...)  I bought a pair of   dirty bucks  from Bass several years ago.  I love the way they look on my feet and I get nothing but compliments when I'm wearing them, but they're incredibly uncomfortable.  I do have a tendency to wear them when I want to be noticed, though, so I reserve them as if they have magical powers...and they do.