I'm in the mode to test, I guess.  I took Humanmetrics.com's Jung Typology Test.  It's basically the same as the SimilarMinds Myers-Briggs Personality Test.  My type is INFP, "Introverted Intuitive Feeling Perceiving".  That means I'm strongest in the Introverted category and weakest in the Perceiving category.  The strength of the preferences, by percentage, is:   Introversion: 67  Intuition: 44  Feeling: 67  Perception: 11  According to "Portrait of the Healer (iNFp)", ©1996 Prometheus Nemesis Book Company:    Healer Idealists are abstract in thought and speech, cooperative in striving for their ends, and informative and introverted in their interpersonal relations. Healers present a seemingly tranquil, andnoticeablyy pleasant face to the world, and though to all appearances  they might seem reserved, and even shy , on the inside they are anything but reserved, having a capacity for caring not always found in other types. They care deeply-indeed, passionately-about a few special persons or a favorite cause, and their fervent aim is to bring peace and integrity to their loved ones and the world.   Healers have a profound sense of idealism derived from a  strong personal morality , and they  conceive of the world as an ethical, honorable place . Indeed, to understand Healers, we must understand their idealism as almost boundless and selfless, inspiring them to make extraordinary sacrifices for someone or something they believe in. The Healer is the Prince or Princess of fairytale, the King's Champion or Defender of the Faith, like Sir Galahad or Joan of Arc. Healers are found in only 1 percent of the general population, although, at times, their idealism leaves them feeling even more isolated from the rest of humanity.   Healers seek unity in their lives, unity of body and mind, emotions and intellect, perhaps because they are likely to have a sense of inner division threaded through their lives, which comes from their often unhappy childhood. Healers live a fantasy-filled childhood, which, unfortunately, is discouraged or even punished by many parents. In a practical-minded family, required by their parents to be sociable and industrious in concrete ways, and also given down-to-earth siblings who conform to these parental expectations, Healers come to see themselves as ugly ducklings. Other types usually shrug off parental expectations that do not fit them, but not the Healers. Wishing to please their parents and siblings, but not knowing quite how to do it, they try to hide their differences, believing they are bad to be so fanciful, so unlike their more solid brothers and sisters. They wonder, some of them for the rest of their lives, whether they are OK. They are quite OK, just different from the rest of their family-swans reared in a family of ducks. Even so, to realize and really believe this is not easy for them. Deeply committed to the positive and the good, yet taught to believe there is evil in them, Healers can come to develop a certain fascination with the problem of good and evil, sacred and profane. Tutors are drawn toward purity, but can become engrossed with the profane, continuously on the lookout for the wickedness that lurks within them. Then, when Healers believetheyy have yielded to an impure temptation, they may be given to acts of self-sacrifice in atonement. Others seldom detect this inner turmoil, however, for the struggle between good and evil is within the Healer, who does not feel compelled to make the issue public.    And from "INFP Profile - Introverted iNtuitive Feeling Perceiving" by Joe Butt, © 1996-2003 by Joe Butt,   Famous INFPs: Homer Virgil Mary, mother of Jesus St. John, the beloved disciple St. Luke; physician, disciple, author William Shakespeare, bard of Avon Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (Evangeline) A. A. Milne (Winnie the Pooh) Laura Ingalls Wilder (Little House on the Prairie) Helen Keller, deaf and blind author  Carl Rogers, reflective psychologist, counselor Fred Rogers (Mister Rogers' Neighborhood) Dick Clark (American Bandstand) Donna Reed, actor (It's a Wonderful Life) Jacqueline KennedOnnasisis Neil Diamond, vocalist Tom Brokaw, news anchor James Herriot (All Creatures Great and Small) Annie Dillard (Pilgrim at Tinker Creek) James Taylor, vocalist  Julia Roberts , actor (Conspiracy Theory, Pretty Woman)  Scott Bakula (Quantum Leap) Terri Gross (PBS's "Fresh Air") Amy Tan (author of The Joy-Luck Club, The Kitchen God's Wife)  John F. Kennedy, Jr.  Lisa Kudrow ("Phoebe" of Friends) Fred Savage ("The Wonder Years")  Fictional INFPs: Anne (Anne of Green Gables))  Calvin  (Calvin and Hobbes)  Deanna Troi  (Star Trek - The Next Generation) Wesley Crusher (Star Trek - The Next Generation)  Doctor Julian Bashir  (Star Trek: Deep Space 9) Bastian (The Neverending Story) E.T.: the ExtraTerrestrial Doug Funny, Doug cartoons Tommy, Rug Rats cartoons Rocko, Rocko's Modern Life cartoons   Hmmm.  Would anyone care to comment on whether this sounds like me?