It's taken a bit longer than I'd planned to get in the mode to write this.  I think that's because the vacation was a whole lot different than I'd imagined it would be.  But I don't want to get ahead of myself.  This is going to go blow-by-blow.  Bear with me.   Wednesday, 14 April 2004  Hadn't finished packing the night before.  Woke up with my hands already shaking, not quite freaked out about the plane trip but certainly not looking forward to it.  Wandered around the house in a daze, throwing things into luggage and my trusty, beaten-to-hell by law school   bag  mostly haphazardly.  Couldn't decide between sweaters and short-sleeved shirts, so I packed the sweaters.  To Miami?!    Left to pick up Tara a bit after noon.  Drove to O'Hare.  On the way (on IL-47, if you must know, near Huntley, just south of I-90, across from the pumpkin silo), we saw something very strange.  There were 4 elderly men sitting by the side of the road.  They were pretty close to some vehicles, so they hadn't just been abandoned there, but it was still weird.  They just seemed to be watching the traffic go by.  Whatever!  In all, it was not a bad trip - made it in around an hour and a half, which is remarkable for midday, mid-week.  Parked in long-term lot G, which is practically in Missouri it's so far from the airport.  (The other lots were full.)  Had a moment of panic when the first guy in the bus from the parking lot to the tram was wearing a Baxter Plasma Products polo shirt.  Too coincidental.  And there was a guy on the tram who looked an awful lot like I'd imagine Rob must look now, although it has been 12 years since I've seen him and this guy had a large ring on.  Even considering significant changes in lifestyle, I can't imagine him wearing a large, almost signet-like ring.  Anyway, after riding in the car, the bus, and the tram, the airport was a haven of non-movement.  Lunch at a sports pub, where I tried not to watch the Cubs game but couldn't help but glance out of the corner of my eye as they creamed the Pirates 8-3.  Shared a French Dip and fries with Tara.  As we slowly wandered back toward the gate, we noticed that there were a bunch of people in line.  Hmm.  What are they lined  up for?  Oh, shit - the plane!  We weren't late.  It was just then, at that very moment, time for us to board.  I can't believe how close we came to  missing  the flight, though!  Crazy.  And no time to hit the head before we left, so we used the on-board.  Yuck: a reminder why I don't do that very often.  I wondered while I was in there if they make them so small, in part, to discourage people from attempting the 'mile high club' rumors that we've all heard but no one I actually know has every really acted out?  The smell alone (antiseptic and a weird sort of metal) would discourage any sane person, I think.  Tara read about an interesting website in a magazine during the flight.    www.honku.org  - The Zen Antidote to Road Rage.  Haiku about road rage!  Whacko.  After a relatively nondescript flight lasting about 3 hours, we landed in Miami.   Fucking gorgeous.   The airport's in a crap neighborhood, from what I could see, and it was still amazingly beautiful.  We got there around 7:45 PM local time and the sky was sort of dusky and hazy, and it was 75°.  We got our luggage, grabbed a cab, and took the 10 or so minute ride to the hotel.  ($20 for the ride, plus tip - seemed pretty pricey.)  The hotel - really nice.  Check out   their website  if you're so inclined, particularly the Virtual Tour.  Our room was exactly like the double shown.  The problem: it was on the 21st floor.  Have I mentioned that I've got a serious problem with heights?  It had a balcony.  The doors opened!  There were chairs -  outside!   21 floors  up !  Nauseating.  Had dinner in the hotel's Riverwalk Cafe.  A chicken Caesar salad the size of my head, sloppily overdressed.  A coke in which a small child could have swum.  To sleep fairly early (11:00?) - no plans for Thursday, but we didn't want to sleep the day away.  So, no truly new experiences on Wednesday, other than being in Miami for the first time.  Although we did see a Jai Alai venue from the taxi on the way to the hotel - that was something I'd never experienced before.  Does that count?  More to come!