A friend, who is rapidly becoming a good friend, recently asked about my favorite books.  What follows is a list of some that I would rank among the best I've ever read, along with reasons, if I can give them.  No links 'cause it would take forever and a day.  ^  Almost a Gentleman  by Pam Rosenthal - not to every taste, this is an exquisitely rendered account of a fantastic method of dealing with very real pain. ~  Avoidance  by Michael Lowenthal - ah, God, lovely and so sad.  Lots like Alexander Chee's  Edinburgh , but really exponentially more beautiful.  (But Chee's book is quite good, too.) ^  The Brothers K  by David James Duncan - I sometimes think that the subtle goal of my life is to influence everyone I care about to read this book.  It says as much about me as it does about its acknowledged subjects (baseball, religion, fishing, family, Vietnam). ~  Cardiofitness  by Alessandra Montrucchio - the only popular Italian fiction I've read, but if this is the standard of quality, I shouldn't read anything else.  Mesmerizing. ^  Cry No More  by Linda Howard - although I generally like what she's written, I thought this was really fantastic. ~  Cupid & Diana  by Christina Bartolomeo - emotional but smart ^  Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant  by Anne Tyler - the book that made me a fan ~  Faking It  by Jennifer Crusie - just damned funny ^  Good-Bye to All That  by Robert Graves - the finest memoir ever written.  Perhaps the finest nonfiction work ever written. ~  Housewrights  by Art Corriveau - a study in understatement, triangularity, and the challenges of proper behavior ^  Hunter’s Moon  by Karen Robards - this comes pretty close to "trashy novel", but it's damned good, too.   ~  The Inn at Lake Devine  by Elinor Lipman - charming and funny, but deeply meaningful and heartfelt.  A very close second to  The Brothers K  for primary space in my heart. ^  The Last Chance Saloon  by Marian Keyes - a book that I want to force my friends to read, so they can understand my pain and confusion, but also what their friendship means. ~  The Long Gray Line  by Rick Atkinson - one of the best books about the Vietnam era, and about individual soldiers, and about West Point. ^  A Married Man  by Catherine Alliott - yes, it looks like de rigeur Brit chick lit (the cover is a very fashionable woman sitting in an oversized spoon - yargh!), but it's much deeper than that.  Reminiscent of  The Dominant Blonde  by Alisa Kwitney - looks can be deceiving. ~  Martin Sloane  by Michael Redhill - I'm not sure that this is a "10".  It might be a "3".  But it was definitely worth reading, if only to decide whether you love it or hate it.   ^  Nice  by Jen Sacks - God, I wish I'd written this book! ~  Night Magic  by Karen Robards - a spy novel with twists that's funny and hot. ^  A Passion for Books: A Book Lover’s Treasury of Stories, Essays, Humor, Lore, and Lists on Collecting, Reading, Borrowing, Lending, Caring For, and Appreciating Books , edited by Harold Rabinowitz & Rob Kaplan - reading this made me want to quit my job, find a crappy apt. on the Mississippi, and devote myself to writing.  Which is what I truly intend to do...when I grow up. ~  Picturing Will  by Ann Beattie - not a "happy" book, or comfortable, but it gets under your skin. ^  The Reader  by Bernhard Schlink - I read it before it was an Oprah book, and I liked it anyway. ~  The River Why  by David James Duncan - hmm.  Duncan, river.  I sense a theme in my life. ^  A Room of One’s Own  by Virginia Woolf - when I read this in college (for my History of Modern England class), I hated it.  I, an overconfident and thoughtless child, resented this old crazy lady telling me what it meant to be a real, adult, independent woman.  Over time, however, I came to realize that I hadn't had a clue, and that there was more to being an adult than getting away with things - than having one's parents not find out when one made poor decisions.  And £500 a month and a room of my own (or what that represents) means more and more to me as time goes forward. ~  Silence in October  by Jens Christian Grøndahl - the most difficult, complex, and philosophical thing I've ever read.  It took about 6 months for me to get through it.  I loved it, but it scared me.  And as soon as I finished it, I wanted to start it over, knowing what I then knew. ^  Spin Cycle  by Sue Margolis - light and funny. ~  The Story of Jane  by Catherine Cusset - unforgettable.  Reinforcement of the importance of writing in my life. ^  Time After Time  by Sue Haasler - perfectly encapsulates what it means to have lived in the late 80s - and to now miss it, at least a little. ~  The Writer’s Life: Intimate Thoughts on Work, Love, Inspiration and Fame from the Diaries of the World’s Great Writers , edited by Carol Edgarian & Tom Jenks - a lot like  A Passion for Books , this makes me want to weep for the writer I could have been.  So, there you have it.  What do y'all like?