Full moon today, or what?!  People are fucking  nuts .  I've closed my office door - a rarity - to keep out the crazies.  And to keep in the noise.  Today it's the  Weeshy-Washy Hodge-Podge Mellow-Mush Mix , a compilation of Wolfy mixes.  In case you're curious, here's the playlist:  1. "Love Song for a Savior" - Jars of Clay (notable because I'm  not  a fan of the Christian rock thang, but good 'ole Wolfos didn't realize this was of that genre until I pointed it out to him.  At which time he was absolutely  horrified  to have included it on so many mixes.  tee hee.  Makes me giggle every time I hear it, which probably isn't the point.) 2. "More than Words" - Extreme 3. "One" - U2 live with REM (queerer than I'd anticipated before I heard it for the first time.  I thought it would be kismet, but it's a little creepy.) 4. "I'm on the Outside" - Staind with Fred Durst (what can I say?  Utterly depressed and depressing.) 5. "Island in the Sun" - Weezer ( so  late-80s/Green Day/boppy) 6. "My Own Worst Enemy" - Lit 7. "Hash Pipe" - Weezer 8. "We Are" - Vertical Horizon 9. "Tonight, Tonight" - Smashing Pumpkins (I'm not a fan of their stuff, generally, but this one's good) 10. "Blue Sky Mine" - Midnight Oil ('Cause we love and support all things Australian) 11. "Wishing Well" - Terence Trent D'Arby 12. "Galileo" - Indigo Girls (Can't hear this without wanting to just  HOWL .  There's something pure and elemental about it, and I'm one of those whackos who shaves her legs.) 13. "Here Is Gone" - Goo Goo Dolls ( Love  this.  Why?  Reminds me of the Thicke boys, Brian and Troy - yargh.  If anyone from Winona's reading this, I'll pay for that little comment, I'm sure.) 14. "Still Fighting It" - Ben Folds (sigh - makes me question some things that I'm fairly sure I'm sure about.  "...everything changed") 15. "Hot Thing" - Prince (memories...  And by the way, did anyone see his induction to the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame?  The version that he, Tom Petty, Jeff Lynne, and George Harrison's son Daniel did of "While My Guitar Gently Weeps" -  wow .  Virtuosity.) 16. "Black Balloon" - Goo Goo Dolls 17. "To Be With You" - Mr. Big 18. "Boy in the Box" - Corey Hart (this isn't a Wolfy song, but rather a Jenica song, tracked down and added at her request.  Not that I don't love it anyway.  'Cause I do.)  Today's main annoyance: I didn't even get to my desk before I was bombarded with questions and comments.  And it wasn't the expected "how was your trip" sorts of stuff - although that would've been sort of meaningless, too.  Rather, it was the usual work garbage, and it could've waited 2 minutes so I'd have had time to plunk my bag down, make tea, and check the pile of crap on my desk for new crap.  But no, I was forced to stand in the circ office, not yet truly awake, and feign curiosity and alertness in regards to a bunch of tedious stuff about which I don't care.  In so doing, I was pushed to agree to accompany the director to a meeting with an attorney later this week regarding the law library.  Upon further contemplation (i.e. after I had a chance to wake up and consider the situation), I realized that I'd been bamboozled, again.  I'd intended to, somehow, delicately, broach the subject this week of removing myself from the law library project  entirely .  Now I am, for all intents and purposes, locked into getting the whole fucking thing done by May 17.  How is that humanly possible?  I was also slipped some delicate, useful information from a strange source; co-worker T discovered (by reading the Library Board of Trustees meeting minutes {something I can never be troubled to do, since they're not easy to track down}) that the director has implied (or something stronger than "implied") that I will train the staff to use Westlaw.  That has never been asked of me.  The subject hasn't even been broached.  I haven't used the product since 1999.  I'm not qualified to train anyone!  Fuck, I'm not even qualified to  use  it,  myself !  She's creeping closer and closer to  using  me - in my role as an attorney - for her own gain (or for the library's gain, which is splitting hairs because it's not for my gain, and they're not providing recompense for my legal training).  It's all, all, all, all Bullshit.  And I haven't calmed down enough to get the Board minutes, much less to talk with her about it.  Guess I'll have to do that before Thursday, though.  I'll start writing about the trip this evening.