From November 23, 2001:   1. What was the last book you read? Did you enjoy it?    Late Bloomer , by Melissa Pritchard.  At the time that I read it, I was squirmy with discomfort and didn't think I was going to like it.  When I finished, I thought I'd liked it in spite of myself.  In the intervening time, I've been unable to get it out of my head; I forced it on my friend Debbie, and dragged Tara around Barnes & Noble looking for it.  I'm not often affected by books in this way, because I read so much and so quickly.  I don't think I'll forget this one.   2. What's your favorite book of all time?   The Brothers K , by David James Duncan.  There's never been a book - or even a  thing  in my life - that I've loved so much as I loved this book.  I laughed out loud, and cried  hard , and read the last few chapters as slowly as I could manage so that it wouldn't have to end, and cried even harder when it was over, because it was over.  Since then, I've given it to anyone I can think of who I care about, who cares about books in the way that I do.    [Incidentally, it's also the prime example of the adage that you can't judge a book by its cover; my only reason for buying the book was the jacket illustration - a bird in a post, and a baseball.  Why did I like that?  Who knows.  But I'm glad I did.]   3. What's the worst book you've ever read?   There are entirely too many nominees for this category, but I'll give a top-3 list: A. Suzanne's Diary for Nicholas by James Patterson (it's like breathing maple syrup) B. Theory of Relativity by Jacqueline Mitchard (a "suspense" novel so full of red herrings and triteness that I gag even now to think that I wasted so much time reading it) C. An Independent Wife by Linda Howard (promotes degradation of women; I would personally burn every copy of this book if I could.  If I were the author, I'd buy all copies I could find online and shred them.)   4. What book that you've read would you most like to see adapted into a movie?    The Man Who Wrote the Book , by Erik Tarloff.  It would be fucking hilarious.  The book made me roar, but in a way that was more like a movie playing in my head than most books are.   Genius.    5. How do you plan to spend your weekend?  Doing laundry, pre-packing, making lists - generally, preparing to leave ON WEDNESDAY (hurray!) for Miami.  Also, if she can, making Easter roll-out cookies with Tara on Saturday.