This is funny - I'm concentrating really hard, trying to find an OCLC match for an obscure music CD called "Classical Christmas" that I'm recataloging.  There's almost nothing to go by, so I'm paging through FirstSearch, starting with the contents line, looking for "Good King Wenceslas".  At the same time, the CD that I'm listening to is playing in the background.  It's Erasure's  Pop , which I love and adore and can't get enough of.  Yeah, it dates me.  Yeah, it was trendy even when it was popular, which was a while ago.  But I  love  it.  And even though I own the disc, we also have it in the collection at the library, so when I'm here I check it out to the Professional Development account and play it.  (And when I'm alone, I play it over-and-over-and-over....)    So while I was looking for Classical Christmas and Good King Wenceslas, "Drama!" was playing.  It's not one of Erasure's more radio-ready songs, but it's fantastic.  Read the lyrics closely and you'll see why.  You'll also see why I was just chuckling while I worked.  Erasure,  Drama!    One rule for us, for you another Do unto yourself as you see fit for your brother Is that not within your realm of understanding? A fifty second capacity of mind, too demanding? Well then poor unfortunate you There are a myriad of things that you can do Like pick up a pen and paper (Pick up a pen or paper) Or go talk to a friend (Go and talk to a friend) The mystery of the future (The mystery of the future) No violence or revenge  Your shame is never ending Just one psychological drama after another You are guilty and how you ever entered into this life God only knows, the infinite complexities of love  We all have the ability Our freedom is fragile We all laugh and we cry don't we? We all bleed and we smile  Your shame is never ending Just one psychological drama after another You are guilty (Guilty) and how you ever entered into this life God only knows, you're not to sacrifice the art of love  Your shame is never ending Just one psychological drama after another We are guilty (Guilty) and how we ever entered into this life God only knows, the infinite complexities of love  We are guilty and how you ever entered into this life The Lord only knows, we're not to sacrifice the art of love  We are guilty and how you ever entered into this life The Lord only knows, the infinite complexities of love  We are guilty and how you ever entered into this life The Lord only knows, the ultimate necessity of love   And I'm looking for "Classical Christmas"?!