I came back from lunch early so I could get all this meming (memeing?) out of my system.  If this isn't your bag, bear with me or skip it.  If you're curious, read on, McDuff...  Free Association, via   Jenica's Meme Blog , originally from   Unconscious Mutterings  The point of this one: I say ... and you think ... ?     Finale:: Countdown.  We were talking about The Top 50 Most Awesomely Bad Songs (the VH-1 special) this morning and a coworker brought up "The Final Countdown" by Europe.  Hey, don't blame me, it's free association after all.  Martial arts:: Master  Flirt:: happy  Energy:: drink  Flavor:: green (??)  Guess?:: jeans (oh, for Chrissake, I just dated myself  badly )  Accomplishment:: thesis  Prom:: Blake  Diploma:: three (?? Where did that come from? I've got a few more than three.)  Bloody:: Mary     .............................................   My Life in Depeche Mode Song Titles, via   Jenica's Meme Blog , originally from   Girl Friday   The Meme: Choose a band/or artist and... answer only in song TITLES by that band: Depeche Mode  Are you female or male: Happiest Girl Describe yourself: Just Can't Get Enough How do some people feel about you: Master and Servant How do you feel about yourself: World in My Eyes Describe your ex boyfriend: Dreaming of Me Describe your current boyfriend: Never Let Me Down Again Describe where you want to be: Sea of Sin Describe what you want to be: Pleasure, Little Treasure Describe how you live: Here Is the House Describe how you love: Get the Balance Right Share a few words of wisdom: Enjoy the Silence   .............................................   Lists of Three, via Lora's Meme blog thanks to Jenica's Meme blog  Three things I am wearing. 1) Iowa Hawkeyes long-sleeved t-shirt  2) dark blue sweats 3) Nike sox and shoes (it's a pretty much all-Nike day - and a slugfest)  Three things on the desk. Only 3?  Ok... 1) 2 of the 23 CDs from one of the Harry Potter books, needing to be replaced as soon as I remember which title it is.  (Duh)  2) letter from Eastern Michigan with incorrect address that I've been meaning to fax to them with a correction since I got it.  In March (holy crap, has it been that long?) 3) A note - "email Jenica about bead books".  Not dated.  Three good ways to describe my personality. 1) Not easily shaken. 2) Generous. 3) Thoughtful (as in, I think a lot.  I'm not patting myself on the back - that would be weird.)  Three bad things about my personality. 1) I'm a procrastinator, apparently.  Does that count? 2) Personally indecisive. 3) Sometimes explosive (not usually in anger).  Three parts of my heritage. 1) Norway 2) England 3) Alcohol  Three things I like about my body. 1) Really blue eyes that range from periwinkle to cornflower on the best of days (or when I have a migraine or am very sad) 2) I'm really, really strong - I can carry a quarter-barrel on my shoulder.   3) I can turn my tongue upside down (you'd have to see it to understand, but it's really cool).  Three things I do not like about my body. 1) my nose - a bitchy girl in 8th grade told me that it's so flat in the middle that I could sell it out for advertising 2) my propensity to blush - I can't hide anything from anyone 3) sometimes, the size of my eyes - people think I'm staring when I'm just looking  Three things most people do not know about me. 1) There's really very little that someone doesn't know about me. 2) I just ordered a new laptop and it should arrive tomorrow or Thursday. 3) My class rank from 9th grade through high school graduation, even given the fluctuations of four years and hundreds of course grades, remained steady at 69.  (So I was 69th of 384.)    Three things I say the most. 1) Fuck 2) Rather 3) Huh  Three places I want to go. 1) Home 2) Someplace warm (it's rained for so many days, everyone looks pruny and weird and it's starting to affect morale) 3) Ireland  Three names that I go by. 1) Amy 2) Aim 3) A  Three screen names I have had. 1) Murfie (my cat's name, growing up) 2) Gerb (long, dumb story involving a cake I once decorated - badly) 3) z969030 (thanks, NIU, for giving me something easy to remember)