Since the current television season is coming to an end, we'll do the T3-TV Version ;)   ::Beginnings, Middles and Ends::    Onesome- Beginnings:   Are there any television shows out there that you've watched regularly from the very beginning? Or for those of you not into TV, any book authors that you've read from the very beginning?      Monk.   It's an excellent body work, progressing from one episode to the next and very much from one season to the next.     Enterprise.   Yeah, the theme music blows, but the show is an intriguing philosophical combination of the four that came before. [I won't take the time to comment on authors!]   Twosome- Middles:   What about shows that you came into in the middle of the season but immediately grabbed your attention and turned you into a die-hard fan? Again, for non-TV fans, have you ever begun reading a series of books in the middle and then just had to read everything else in the series?  I was cajoled into watching   That 70s Show  a year or two ago and now I can't  not  watch it.    I'll put in one author here:   Janet Evanovich , but only for the Stephanie Plum series.  And that's waning some because   To the Nines  showed clearly the cracks that are appearing in the facade.  I'll read   Ten Big Ones  but that might be it for me.   Threesome- And Ends:   Recently, a number of big name shows have ended, Friends, Fraiser, The Drew Carey Show, and the cult hit, Angel. Did you watch any of the big finales? Have you ever been really sad to see a show go? Ok, readers, here's one for you. Have you ever read the end of a book first? Why? ;)  Nope, I didn't watch any of the finales.  I had other plans, I suppose, or I hadn't watched the show in the first place.  Or I didn't feel compelled to arrange my time around something so contrived.  That sort of media manipulation pisses me off - particularly since no finale will never be done as well as the final scene of   St. Elsewhere .  I don't read the end of a book first.  I'm too linear (at least in reading) - there's no point in going back to start if I can see where the end is.