The walls are closing in.    Not working today.  I should be revising my thesis, or at least closely reading it so I can start revising it this weekend.  I should be writing thank you notes for Christmas gifts.  I should be cleaning my bathroom, which is starting to look like an extensive science experiment.  I should be brushing the cats, who look like little Yetis with their winter fur on their tiny bodies.  I should be doing laundry or putting away the clean dishes or vacuuming.  I should be writing back to Christmas cards or email.    "Should"  Tara gave me a tiny gift book called   Oh Friend of Friends: Peanuts on Friendship .  It is made up of Peanuts comic strips and quotations about friendship.  I just sat on the floor with the cats in my lap and read it through, sniffling and wiping my eyes.  I've always loved Peanuts.  It was very much a part of my childhood, watching the specials on TV and reading the strip in the newspaper.  I had a Snoopy watch with a turquoise-colored band, and his arms (front legs, I suppose) were the hands.  Sometimes someone manages to find a gift that seems small and maybe inconsequential, but signifies more.  I'm not saying that her other gifts, including Nancy Pearl's   Book Lust: Recommended Reading for Every Mood, Moment and Reason , aren't wonderful and appreciated.  It's sure to be fascinating reading and I'm looking forward to getting a professional librarian's perspective on the eternal question of What to Read.  (The author is also famous for being the model for the   Librarian Action Figure , making her a cult heroine to some and a target of scorn and derision for others.)    Back to the Peanuts book.  There's a great statement from Ralph Waldo Emerson: "It is one of the blessings of friends that you can be stupid with them."  That may be what this blog business is all about.  I got a lot of tea for Christmas.    Lemon Green ,   Raspberry Green ,   Wild Berry Plum Green ,   Blackcurrent , and   Citron .  I'm happy!  Tea always makes the day better.  I'm also glad that I got such a variety of flavors.  Not sure when I started drinking fruit tea almost exclusively, but I do find that I enjoy it more than plain teas, particularly hot.  My mom gave me a little box shaped like Wrigley Field.  I've started to collect little boxes - this is a small collection, though, and really needs no help getting any bigger.  So I pulled the box out of the gift bag and ooohed and aaahed appropriately, and she said, "Open it up!"  I could tell that it was empty, but I opened it anyway.  Then I screamed, because there's a little sound chip inside the cover that plays "Take Me Out to the Ballgame" and is light-sensitive.  I nearly had a coronary.  Mom knows I like the   Cubs  and thought it was perfect for my collection.  I particularly appreciate the sound factor.  I'm starting to feel guilty about all that "should" stuff.  Maybe it wasn't so productive to write it all out.    No nap today.