         Why do they call it disposable douche? Is there a kind of douche you keep after using? Why do they call them "apartments" when they are all stuck together? Why do they put Braille dots on the keypad of the drive-up ATM? Why do they report power outages on TV? Why do they sell a pound cake that only weighs 12 ounces? Why do 'tug'boats push their barges? Why do we drive on parkways and park on driveways? Why do we have hot water heaters? Why do we play in recitals and recite in plays? Why do we put suits in a garment bag and garments in a suitcase? Why do we sing 'Take me out to the ball game', when we are already there? Why do we wash bath towels? Aren't we clean when we use them? Why does "slow down" and "slow up" mean the same thing? Why does an alarm clock "go off" when it begins ringing? Why does flammable and inflammable mean the same thing? Why doesn't "onomatopoeia" sound like what it is? Why don't you ever hear about gruntled employees? Why don't you ever see baby pigeons? Why is a person who plays the piano called a pianist, but a person who drives a race car not called a racist? Why is a women's prison called a penal colony? Why is it called a "building" when it is already built? Why is it called a bust, when it stops right before the part it is named after? Why is it called a TV "set" when you only get one? Why is it called 'after dark', when it is really after light? Why is it so hard to remember how to spell MNEMONIC? Why is it that when you're driving and looking for an address, you turn down the volume on the radio? Why is it when a door is open it's ajar, but when a jar is open it's not adoor? Why is it when two planes almost hit each other it is called a "near miss"? Why is it, whether you sit up or sit down, the result is the same? Why is Mickey Mouse bigger than his dog Pluto? Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song? Why is the word "abbreviate" so long? Don't you have to get up to get to the tape? Why is there an expiration date on SOUR cream? Why is there only ONE Monopolies Commission? Why isn't "palindrome" spelled the same way backwards? Why isn't phonetic spelled the way it sounds? Why isn't there mouse-flavored cat food? Would a fly without wings be called a walk? You know how most packages say "Open here". What is the protocol if the package says, "Open somewhere else"? Can fat people go skinny-dipping? After eating, do amphibians have to wait an hour before getting out of the water? You know that little indestructible black box that is used on planes, why can't they make the whole plane out of the same substance? Are there seeing eye humans for blind dogs? Have ex-bankers become disinterested? Have ex-civil lawyers been distorted? Have ex-locomotive engineers been derailed? Have ex-mathematicians become dysfunctional? Have ex-punsters been expunged? How come toy hippos are always blue, or purple, when real hippos are brown? Why is it that whenever you sing to the radio, your voice is higher? Even when you have a low voice? Why is most lunchmeat bigger than the bread? Is there a certain temperature at which it stops being qualified as cold? At what temperature does it qualify as hot? If you were a pastor, and you were getting married, would you hire a pastor, or would you do the wedding yourself? Why is Joey short for Joe, when Joey has more letters? Can someone have their head in the clouds and be down-to-earth at the same time? If a person suffered from amnesia and then was cured would they remember that they forgot? If you died with braces on would they take them off? Why do mattresses have designs on them when they're always covered with sheets? If a singer sings their own song during a karaoke party, is it considered karaoke? If conjoined twins participate in sports, do they count as one or two players? Why is shampoo clear but conditioner not? Do cows have calf muscles? How come French fries are not considered a vegetable, they are just deep fried potatoes? Do babies produce more spit than adults? Why do they say "an alarm going off," if it is really going on?