         Isn't it scary that the word "therapist" is the same as the words "the" and "rapist" put together? Do sheep get static cling when they rub against one another? On a telephone, why does ABC start on the number 2 and not 1? Do pigs pull ham strings? Do dumped farmers get John Deere letters? Why do radio operators say "niner" instead of just "nine"? Why do people say heads up when you should duck? Why did Superman wear his briefs on the outside of his tights? Does anyone actually kill two birds with one stone? Why do they call the clock where you punch your time card called a "time" clock? Aren't all clocks "time" clocks? Why does blow and suck mean the same thing when we describe something being crap? Can dogs have dog days? When a male is elected president and his wife is called the First Lady. What would a lady's husband be called if she were elected president? If you are born on February 29 of a leap year, when is your birthday? Do birds pee? Do siamese twins pay for one ticket or two tickets when they go to movies and concerts? Why do they call it 2% milk, if its 2% fat, not milk? What do you say when someone says you're in denial, but you're not? If you had x-ray vision, but closed your eyes, could you still see? Have you ever thought what life would be like if your name was Anonymous? You'd get credit for everything nobody wanted credit for? If a water spins clockwise when it drains in the northern hemisphere, and water spins counterclockwise when it drains in the southern hemisphere...which way does it spin at the equator? If you own a piece of land and there is an volcano on it and it ruins a nearby town, do you have to pay for the property damage? If you have x-ray vision, and you can see through anything, wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing? If it is a 50 mph per hour wind and you drive your car at 50mph downwind, if you stick your head outside would you feel the wind? Why does "closing up" a shop and "closing down" a shop mean the same thing? Why do they call them "Animal Crackers" when there not even crackers...they're cookies? How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? How do you throw away a garbage can? Why in baseball is it called the World Series if it is only played in the U.S.A & Canada? Why do old men have hair in their ears? Why are things typed up but written down? Why does caregiver and caretaker mean the same thing? In some books, why do they have blank pages at the very end? If you were on a plane going the speed of sound and walked from the back of the plane to the front, would you be walking faster than the speed of sound? If the universe is expanding, what is it expanding into? What does OK actually mean? what does the K in K-mart actually stand for? Why do we feel blue? and what color does a smurf feel when they are down? Why can't you eat pancakes for dinner? Why do donuts have holes? Why don't you hear thunder with heat lightning? Do the different "M&M's"® colors taste different? If your born at exactly midnight is your birthday on both those days? If you're caught "between a rock and a hard place", is the rock not hard? If one man says, "it was an uphill battle," and another says, "it went downhill from there," how could they both be having troubles? Why is it you can walk down a road, even if it goes uphill? Why do we say "bye bye" but not "hi hi"? Can blind people be dyslexic when they read Braille? How do you handcuff a one-armed man? Why do the call the angel of death an angel if all it does is bring pain and suffering? Why doesn't the glue in the bottle dry up? If Luke took a bath, would the water be lukewarm? If an anarchist group attained political power, would they by principle have to dissolve their own government? If you decide that you're indecisive, which one are you? Why is it we have the weight of the world on our shoulders but have to get it off our chests? Why does everyone speak different languages and have different accents if we all originally came from the same place? Why do they call it a RUNNING BACK when he is running forward? If you tell someone they are being judgmental aren't you being judgmental yourself? Why do they call it your "bottom", when it's really in the middle of your body? How come no matter what color the liquid is the froth is always white? Why do British people never sound British when they sing? Why do they call them guidance counselors when all counselors do is offer guidance? Why do they call it "head over heels in love" If our head is always over our heels? Can a hearse driver drive a corpse in the Car Pool lane? Why is the name of the phobia for the fear of long words Hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia? If someone can't see, they're blind and if someone cant hear, they're deaf, so what do you call people who can't smell? How do they get those boats in those glass bottles? Why would superman want to leap over the tallest building in a single bound if he can fly? Why is it called a TV set when there is only one? If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be? How did the headless horseman know where he was going? Why do they call it an escalator if it takes you down? Why is it called football when you hardly use your feet?