         I've worked all week so I'm too tired to go! The preacher moves around to much. There are no people my age so I'm not going. They don't meet my needs. There are too many hypocrites in church. There are too many sinners in church. I'm too young - I'll go when I'm too old to have any more fun. It's boring. I'm not good enough. I'm still a sinner. I'll go to church after I stop smoking. I'll go to church after I stop drinking. I'll go to church after I stop cussin'. I still go to the bars on Saturday night. I like to party. I work seven days a week. I don't have time for God. I work six days a week. The seventh day belongs to me. Ain't got time. I work lots of overtime....so I'm too tired to worship God. The Sabbath day is Saturday, not Sunday. I don't get up in time on Sunday morning. I have nothing to wear. I don't think I really believe in God.... I'm just not sure. I don't believe in God. I listen to church on the radio. I attend church by watching it on TV. I watch Billy Graham every week. I belong to the 700 club; that's good enough. I don't do nothing bad, so I'm goin' to heaven anyway. My family can get me into heaven after I'm dead. I'll get religion when I get to purgatory. I'll get religious in my next life. I don't understand what's goin' on anyway. I can't follow what they do, so why should I just sit there. I can't afford to give anything, and I don't want to be embarrassed. I don't want to put anything in the plate. Why should I give my money to some church? I don't want to be around a bunch of bible thumpers. The service is too long. The sermon is too long. I don't like them serving wine every two weeks. I don't like them serving grape juice - they should serve wine. I don't like the songs we have to sing. I don't like the songs the choir sings. The choir is too loud. The choir doesn't sing often enough. The choir isn't very good. It's too cold in there, why don't they turn up the heat. It's too hot, why don't they get air conditioning. The air conditioner is too loud. It's too stuffy, why don't they open some windows. The people always try to get me to join the church. I hate it when they ask me to stand up and introduce myself. I'm not religious. I don't believe in religion. I worship God at home when I'm alone. Pastors can't forgive sins. I don't have transportation. My wife doesn't go, so why should I. My husband doesn't go, so why should I. My family never went to church when I was a kid. There aren't any good-looking guys there. There aren't any good-looking girls there. I don't like the statue of Jesus. Jesus wasn't a blue eyed white man. The pews are too hard. It's uncomfortable in church. I never know what time I'm going to get home. I can't find a baby sitter on Sunday. The songs are too old. The songs are too European. Why don't they sing Negro spirituals? They're always asking me for more of my money. I don't like all the hollering and yelling some people do. I should be able to send in money if I want without having to put money in a plate. I can't go to church because my butt hurts from all the sitting and I need joint replacements in my knee's from all the kneeling. The organ is too loud. They don't play the organ. I'm not coming if they are going to play guitars and drums. The whole service is designed for old people. The whole service caters to young people. They don't sing the songs I like. Nobody notices when I'm gone anyway. I don't go to church on Sunday because getting the kids dressed in their Sunday Best first thing in the morning makes me cuss and curse the Lord......very loudly. I'm too hung over to get outta bed that early on Sunday. God made Football.....doesn't that cover it? The guy I slept with last night....you know.....what's his name.....couldn't tell me where the nearest church service was.....heathen that he must be! Three words: Church On Line I atoned for my sins last year. I'm allergic to incense. I'm allergic to wine. I'm allergic to unleavened bread. My cat is a prophet, I get all my Godly advice straight from the cat's mouth. If the cat doesn't tell me to got to church, I consider it great wisdom of the prophet. I don't go to church cause I have a feeling that God doesn't like agnostics. I am a song writer and wrote a song about excuses people give for not serving and worshipping the Lord. Your page covered most of them plus some. Here are some others: I must mow the yard. I have to wash the car. It's family reunion day - most people don't seem to know that they CAN have a family reunion on a Saturday! What go to church? Sorry I'm Catholic. I can't go to church, my name is Judas. My husband and I both work for our church and if he doesn't feel like going into church on Sunday, he'll often say, I just spent 5 (or 6) days there, if we go to church today, I will be in church everyday for the last 12 days. That much church can kill a person. This parish is too politically correct. Church Excuse: Veni, Vidi, NoN-Velcro. (I came, I Saw, I didn't stick around.) Sorry I couldn't go to church last week, the devil is a horrible thing. Sorry I missed Church, but I was too busy practicing witchcraft and becoming a lesbian. Here's an excuse for not going to church: The devil made me do it! I'm sorry I couldn't come to church. The virgin sacrifice took longer than we expected. I did not miss Church, I found a new Church. It’s a wonderful Church so singing, no sit-stand-kneel, it’s very peaceful. Every Sunday you can faithfully find me at Saint Mattress. I did not miss church, in fact I had quite a good time with out coming to church. Sorry I missed church today. I was performing a human sacrifice. Sorry I'm late for church. I was too busy finishing my human sacrifice. eat popcorn so I won't be attending church for the rest of football season.