         regional was actually amazing bunk for the first time was normal... no bugs no hornets no mice and eh showers, of course it wouldnt be regional without a problem we ran out of toilet paper... and willinger made a doodie anyway my bunk was normal... the one next to us was retarded! i was being really loud... as usual saturday night. it was like 3:30 in the morning and we had just gotten back from saturday night live. they wanted to go to sleep but someone had touched me the night before and there was nooo way i was going to sleep. i wasnt being so loud, just singing dancing on my bed and talking to zelka... so heather fallas comes in and tells me to close my door. i say no if they want quiet to close her door - 2 doors connecting the bunks - she says no shes scared of the dark i tell her too bad. she comes back 5 minutes later please close your door! i cant close mine and i need to go to sleep. i say you close your door and if im still being too loud ill close mine. she gets all pissy and says no. 5 minutes later her and one of the nemtzovs- so sorry  i dont know which one it was- comes back with her and just starts screaming at me to close my door. i get very frustrated and scream back to close her own door... nemtzov tells me to shut my fucking mouth. i tell her we dont say that in ncsy, and she shouldnt anyway shes a nemtzov. so weirdly she says at least im happy.... then i said a VERY very bad comment which- yea jen!- i wont write here other then that and the fact we had no friends after shabbos meals to sit with so we sat with super weird people... it was the best shabbaton of my life kumzits was magnificent.... really jen thank you soooooo much your  one of the reasons this weekend couldnt have been better... well he could have touched me purposely. NO! wait he did that!!! .... but really i havent really felt so connected to ncsy this year cause of some issues with some person- btw really gonna miss you- but i was BAWLING the entire kumzits... dani your shirt was covered in your snot why would i want it for mine?.... but really ya i was crying basically all weekend after shabbos.. rachels leaving and the entire ncsy is going to be so different without her there to get people to come and to be the role model that she truly is danis leaving and going to israel- shock- and i cant even explain how much im going to miss him. i missed out on a lot with him this year because every other week we fought, and the fact i cant make that time up sucks deb is leaving... but only going to rutgers and knowing she wont be in school every.... ok basically every other.... day just to talk is kind of upsetting and becca... who i met this weekend cause ya she hated me for other reasons... is amazing!!! love you babes but it was good very very good  im happy with the way things turned out and I ENDED THE YEAR ON A GOOD NOTE! only like maybe 2 people will get that     and thats why i love jen BEST!!!!!!