         Q: Why did the Chicken cross the road? A: To get to the other side.  Q: Why did it cross back? A: It was a dirty double crosser!  Q: Why did the second chicken cross the road? A: He was stapled to the first chicken!  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: To get away from Col. Sanders.  Q: Why did Dr. Kevorkian cross the road? A: To help the patient find the other side.  Q: Why did George Bush cross the road? A: He thought that crossing would be "prudent at this juncture"  Q: Why did the suicidal person cross the road? A: Because he missed all the cars.  Q: How did the politican make the road cross? A: He broke a campaign promise to it.  Q: How can you make crooked cops cross the road? A: With your Visa card.  Q: How did the priest make the road a cross? A: He painted another line.  Q: Why did Edmund Hillary cross the road? A: Because it was there.  Q: How often does Hailey cross the road? A: Every 76 years or so.  Q: Why did the rabbit cross the road? A: Because the chicken retired and moved to Florida.  Q: Why did the tachyon cross the road? A: Because it was already there.  Q: Why did the chicken cross the playground? A: To get to the other slide!!!!  Q: Why did the chicken cross the beach? A: To get to the other tide!!!!!  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: To show the racoon it was possible.  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: It heard there was a cock on the roadside!  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: To get to the basketball court.  Q: Why did the chicken go to the basketball court? A: He heard the referee was blowing fowls (fouls).  Q: Why did the chicken cross Mass. Ave.? A: To get to the Co-op.   [Sender... The Harvard Co-operative Society (i.e. bookstore) is located on  Massachusetts Avenue (pronounced Mass av) and is referred to as the coop (one syllable as where a chicken or pigeon lives)]  Q: Why did John Bobbitt cross the road? A: It heard there was a cock on the roadside!  Q: Why did the turtle cross the road? A: To get to the Shell station.  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: To see his friend Gregory Peck.  Q: How did the dead baby cross the road? A: Stapled to the chicken!  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: Colonel Sanders was after him.  Q: And why did the turtle cross the road? A: To get to the Shell station, of course!  Q: Why did the rooster cross the road? A: He found out that his blind date was Loraina (sp?) Bobbitt!  Q: Why did the graduate student cross the road? A: He was writing his dissertation on the chicken.  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: Well, if the problem is considered from the existential viewpoint, there could be linked with any member of the poultry family serious logical deficiencies which would necessitate counseling and an in-depth,  historic family psychoanalysis conducive to determining which experiencial factors contributed to his (or her) becoming a "bad egg". 	There are other viewpoints on the problem, but some of them start to get a little more complicated...