         Q: How do you break a Bill Clinton supporter's finger? A: Punch him in the nose.    Q: What's the difference between a porcupine and Bill Clinton's campaign limo? A: A porcupine has pricks on the outside.  Q: What does Jeffrey Dahmer's victims and The Clintons' hair styles have    in common? A: They both look like the work of a butcher...  Q: If The Clinton's were younger, do you think they would have known the    Clampents? A: Possibly, Bill might have made Jethro's acquaintance in the 6th grade.  Q: Why doesn't Hillary cut Bill's hair? A: He won't pay her $300.  Q: What are the two worst things about Bill Clinton? A: His face  Q: What is the Arkansas state flower? A: Gennifer  Q: Know how to solve the Serbian/Bosnian problem in less than 48 hours? A: Put Janet Reno in charge.  Q: What did the band play at Clinton's inauguration? A: Inhale to the chief  Q: What's the difference between a Bill Clinton and a carp A: One's a scum sucking bottom feeder and the other's a fish.  Q: Why is Bill Clinton apprehensive about going to the movies? A: Because he's afraid the usherette will ask to see his stub.  Q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and a pit bull? A: The pit bull doesn't carry a briefcase.  Q: How does Bill Clinton say "Fuck you"? A: "Trust me."  Q: What is the difference between Dan Quayle, Bill Clinton and Jane Fonda? A: Jane Fonda went to Vietnam. A: One has two boobs, the others *are* two boobs.  Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton apart from a cow? A: By the wise look in the eyes.  Q: How can you tell Bill Clinton from a bunch of dead bodies? A: He's the stiff one.  Q: What does Gennifer Flowers do when she misses Bill Clinton? A: Eats Waffles  Q: How many Bill Clintons does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Two -- One to promise he'll do it better than anyone else and    one to obscure the issues. A: None -- He'll only promise "change." A: HE DOESN'T! He whines a while, says "I feel your pain", and gets    congress to pass a billion dollar light security bill, and blames    Republicans and special interests for not making lightbulbs free.  Q: Why are people in Arkansas having peanut butter and jelly for Thanksgiving    this year? A: Because they're sending their turkey to the White House! A: Because they can't afford any more pork A: Reagan ate all the jellybeans A: They've been having turkey FOR YEARS A: Because Bill is having Gennifer A: Because Clinton "invested" all the turkey.  Q: What was Bill and Chelsea Clinton doing in the voting booth? A: Bill was giving his daughter a lesson in Civics, how to sc#$w the people!  Q: What's the definition of an Arkansas Virgin? A: A girl that can run faster than the Governor.  Q: What does Teddy Kennedy have that Bill Clinton wishes *he* did? A: A dead girlfriend.  Q: What's the difference between Personal Injury lawyers and Congress? A: NO FEE - If No Recovery!!!  Q: How did Bill and Hillary Clinton meet? A: They were dating the same girl in high school.  Q: How does Hillary know that Chelsea's got her period? A: She tastes blood on Bill's prick.  Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is lying? A: Only a Bill Clinton supporter is too dumb to know the answer to this one.  Q: How can you tell when Bill Clinton is telling a lie by looking at his face? A: If his lips are moving, then he's lying.  Q: What are Bill's two favorite campaign promises? A: ``The check is in your mouth'' and ``I won't come in the mail.''  Q: What do Bill Clinton and a fifteen-watt light bulb have in common? A: Neither one is very bright.  Q: What does Clinton do to lose weight? A: Runs away from the draft.  Q: How can you tell when Clinton is ready for battle [in Bosnia]? A: He's got his jogging suit on.  Q: What's Clinton's favorite baseball team? A: The Dodgers.  Q: Why does Hillary always try to get on top? A: Because Bill can only f--- up.  Q: What was the *real* reason for Clinton to dodge draft? A: He could not make it as a Naval Aviator  Q: What would Clinton do if he did not get into politics? A: Become a botanist and play with Flowers  Q: What's Bill's fondest wish now? A: That someone would wave a hand at him using more than one finger.  Q: Why do they put Bill Clinton's picture on the insides of toilet bowls? A: So the assholes can see who they voted for.  Q: What's a Clinton sandwich? A: Pure bologna piled high and deep.  Q: Why do they always fly around a live turkey in a cage on Air Force 1? A: For spare parts.  Q: Did you hear that the Clinton's had Air Force 1 remodeled? A: Now it's got two left wings.  Q: Why is Bill Clinton called "middle of the road Democrat"? A: Because he's got a wide yellow stripe down the middle of his two-lane back.  Q: Why is Bill Clinton's economic plan called positively atheist? A: Because it hasn't got a prayer.  Q: If Bill and Hillary jumped together off the Washington monument,    who'd land first? A: Who cares?  Q: How did Bill Clinton get a crick in his neck? A: Trying to save both faces.  Q: If Bill and Hillary and Al and Tipper took a boat ride and the boat    capsized, who would be saved? A: The United States of America!  Q: Why is Bill Clinton diverting federal funds from improving schools to improving jails? A: Because when his term is through, he won't be going to school.  Q: Why does Chelsea look so stupid and ugly? A: Heredity.  Q: Why did Bill and Hillary send Chelsea to a private school? A: If they sent her to a public school, the secret service would be out-gunned!  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and his father? A: Bill Clinton's father only screwed *half* the country.  Q: What do Clinton and JFK have in common? A: They haven't had any brains for the last thirty years.  Q: What happened when Bill Clinton got a shot of testosterone? A: He turned into Hillary!  Q: Did you hear Chrysler is introducing a new car to    commemorate President Clinton's election? A: It's gonna be called the Dodge Drafter!  Q: Why does the secret service guard Hillary so closely? A: Because if something happens to her, Bill becomes President!  Q: My brother explained why Bill Clinton is having so many    woes: A: Bill Clinton has been in the Flowers and weeds!!  Q: What do the Titanic and the Clinton Administration have    in common? A: .........going down fast  Q: How many Clinton administration officials does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: Two -- one to screw the bulb into the faucet while the other tells us that everything possible is being done to help the situation.  Q: How many republicans does it take to raise your taxes? A: None. The democrats do that.  Q: How many republicans does it take to disarm the _LAW_ABIDING_ public so that the government can enforce totalitarianistic and unconstitutional laws? A: None. The Sociali^H^H^H^H^H^HDemocrats do that.  Q: Did you hear about Clinton farting during his press conference today? A: It got picked up by the microphones and went out over TV :)  Q: How many Clinton White House officials does it take to change a lightbulb? A: 0, They like to keep him in the dark!  Q: Why was Hillary SO interested in Whitewater? A: She had heard whitewater could be found going over a dike (dyke).  Q: What do you get when you cross a lesbian and a gay? A: ChelseA:  Q: Why do liberals travel in threes? A: One to read, one to write and the other one to keep an eye on both  intellectuals.   Q: What kind of neckwear does Hillary Clinton look best in? A: A noose  Q: What kind of jewelry does Hillary look best in? A: Handcuffs  Q: What Biblical and Renaissance characters does Hillary most resemble? A: Jezebel and Lucretia Borgia  Q: What's the best place to photograph Clinton Administration officials? A: A police lineup  Q: What do you get when you cross a lesbian with a draft dodger? A: Chelsea!  Q: What's a conservative? A: A liberal who made it through adolescence.  Q: What is a conservative? A: A liberal who's been mugged.  Q: What do you get when you cross a crooked lawyer with a crooked politician? A: ChelseA:  Q: You know what the problem with political jokes is, don't you? A: They get elected.  Q: Dan Quayle, Ted Kennedy, and Bob Packwood were in a spelling bee. Who won? A: Dan Quayle, because he was the only one who knew that "harass" was one word....  Q: What famouse Arkansas State Supreme Court decision is Hilary Clinton famous for? A: If you divorce your wife in Arkansas, is she still your cousin?   Q: Why is Chelsea Clinton a miracle child? A: Because lawyers use their personalities for birth control.  Q: Why did Bill Clinton cross the road? A: To tax the chicken.  Q: What do you get when you cross Chelsea Clinton with a tit. A: The ugliest hooters on earth.  Q: What has two wings and a crooked willie? A: Air Force One.  Q: Why can't Bill Clinton file a defamation of character suit against    his critics? A: Because Bill Clinton has no character to defame.  Q: If called to testify in a trial how long will it before before    Clinton commits perjury? A: When he's sworn in.  Q: Did you hear that Bill Clinton is going to have a sex change? A: Because he wants to know how the wemen feel when being screwed.  Q: What does Bill say to Hillary after having sex? A: I'll be home in 15 minutes. A: Come pick me up before she calls the cops!  Q: How many helicopters does it take for White House aides     to go play a round of golf? A: Depends on how many were photographed.  Q: What does Hillary do after she shaves her pu**y every morning? A: Sends him to work!  Q: Why did Bill Clinton cross the road? A: To tax the chicken. A: Because Hillary pulled him by his balls.  Q: Why did Bill Clinton cross the road? A: To meet the chick.  Q: How are Boris Becker and President Clinton alike? A: Both aren't as successful when they're not on grass...  Q: What's yellow, hen-pecked and lays chicks? A: Bill Clinton  Q: Did you hear they put two new faces on Mt. Rushmore? A: Yeah, they were Bill Clinton.  Q: What is the best way to kill Clinton???? A: Give him somthing that reads:    DO NOT INHALE.  Q: Did you know that Clinton's cat can play Chess ? A: Inside Information: The cat isn't really all that good at Chess. The last time they played best of five, Clinton won three games to two.  Q: Who becomes president of the U.S.A: when the President Dies A: Bill Clinton of course!  Q: How does Bill Clinton change a light bulb? A: He doesn't. He whines a while, says "I feel your pain", and gets congress to pass a billion dollar light security bill, and blames republicans and special interests for not making lightbulbs free.  Q: What was the first thing Clinton said when Francisco    Martin Duran started shooting at the White House? A: Oh #*@$!  You're husband's outside and he's PISSED!  Q: What do the Republicans have that Bill Clinton wishes he had? A: A mandate to govern.  Q: Why did Clinton want to go into Haiti anyway? A: He overheard his advisors talking about a hot spot     that one risked HIV infection from entering & he     thought they were talking about Gennifer Flowers.  Q: How can you tell that the guy who attacked the     White house with a plane was insane? A: He seems to have thought Clinton would be in    his -own- bedroom at night.  Q: What does the LAPD case against OJ Simpson &     the way Hillary knows when Chelsea is menstruating     have in common? A: They both involve blood spots found on Socks.  Q: When did Clinton realize Paula Jones wasn't a Democrat? A: When she didn't swallow everything he presented.  Q: What did Hillary tell Bill when the Paula Jones story broke? A: "You putz I TOLD YOU to let Teddy Kennedy drive her home!  Q: What did Clinton say to Paula Jones when she broke her story? A: "I said `Do my erection', -not- `ruin my re-election.' !!"  Q: What's the difference between Hillary & Liberace? A: Hillary's aides haven't killed her yet.  Q: What did Boris Yelstin say when asked if meeting Clinton    made want to convert Russia to the type of government they    have in America? A: "Hell no, I ain't let my wife run the country!!"  Q: What's the difference between the Panama canal & Hillary?  A: Well one's a busy ship-filled ditch & the others a dizzy     shit-filled bitch.  Q: Why did all the faggots vote for Clinton? A: Because faggots like assholes better than Bush.  Q: Why doesn't Bill like old houses? A: He's afraid of the draft.  Q: What's the differents between Bill Clinton and an elephant? A: About 20 pounds and a jogging suit.  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and David Koresh? A: Koresh only burned 85 people. A: Some people still believe in David Koresh.  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Joseph Stalin? A: Some of Stalin's subjects admired him.  Q: How many Hillary Clintons does it take to change a light bulb? A: One - she just holds the bulb and the world revolves around her.  Q: What does Ted Kennedy have that Bill Clinton wished he had? A: A dead girlfriend.  Q: What's the difference between Janet Reno and a school bus driver? A: The bus driver stops to let the kids out.  Q: What do Bill Clinton and Jim Bakker have in common? A: Both of their mistresses made Playboy.  Q: How does Bill keep Gennifer Flowers away from the White House? A: He keeps offering to send Ted Kennedy over to give her a ride.  Q: What is the difference between Clinton and the Titanic? A: Only 200 women went down on the Titanic.  Q: What's the difference between Clinton and a whale?  A: Whales mate for life  Q: When will there be a woman in the White House? A: When Hillary leaves town.  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a container of yogurt? A: Yogurt has culture.  Q: What is the best thing that ever came out of Arkansas? A: Highway 55  Q: Why does Clinton always have a stupid grin on his face? A: He IS stupid!  Q: In Arkansas, what is the new use they found for sheep?  A: Wool  Q: What is Bill Clinton's favorite color? A: Plaid  Q: Why is Clinton prone to losing his voice? A: He keeps having to eat his words.  Q: How do you know when a liberal is really dead? A: His heart stops bleeding.  Q: What will Clinton do for the Navy? A: Give Rear Admiral a new meaning.   Q: How does Al Gore spell potato? A: T-A-T-E-R  Q: What has 14 arches and 100 munchkins? A: Bill Clinton's jogging route  Q: Bill, Hillary, and Al are in a boat. The boat sinks. Who is saved? A: The United States of America  Q: Why is Chelsea growing up a confused child? A: Because dad can't keep his pants on and mom wants to wear them.  Q: Why is Bill not sending Chelsea to public school? A: He doesn't want her secret service protection to be out-gunned.  Q: Why were there two presidential limousines in the inaugural parade? A: The first one held the real president while the second one contained the president's spouse, Bill Clinton.     Q: What are the two featured songs at the Clinton inauguration? A: Back in the USSR followed by Inhale to the Chief.  Q: What did the populist Clinton say to promote his inauguration? A: "My balls are for everyone."  Q: How has Clinton made his cabinet look more like America? A: Many of them have sixth grade reading levels.  Q: What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter? A: Jimmy Carter waited until after the inauguration to break his promises.  Q: How do you spot Al Gore in a room full of secret service agents? A: He's the stiff one.  Q: What were the three toughest years in Al Gore's life? A: Grade 6  Q: If Rodham gets health care, Bentsen gets treasury, and Aspin gets defense, what does Gore get? A: Coffee.  Q: Where did Bill Clinton get his favorite hand gesture? (Index finger wrapped around the thumb when emphasizing a point.) A: From pulling down shades in motel rooms.  Anita Hill Quote-- Q: Did you hear about the new Anita Hill doll? A: Pinch its butt and ten years later it squeals!  Q: Why do the Kennedy's cry during sex? A: Mace  Q: What will Bill's favorite retail outlet be after his economic blueprint takes effect? A: Everything's $100  Q: What was the real purpose of Bill's college visit to Moscow? A: To study economics.  Q: What is Clinton's plan to create thousands of small businesses? A: Take thousands of big businesses and wait four years.  Q: When will the homosexual political lobby go too far with Bill? A: When they insist on renaming his office the oval orifice.  Q: Why is Bill infuriated with Chelsea's new private school? A: They broke family tradition by making her wear a uniform.  Q: Why does Bill want gays in the infantry? A: That's where all the first class privates are.  Q: What will be the Marine's new slogan? A: We're looking for a few good-looking men.  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter? A: It took Bill less than 100 days to botch a military mission.  Q: Why did Bill go out to sea on an aircraft carrier? A: To promote off-shore drilling.  Q: What are Clinton's plans for the military? A: Transfer Seamen to all branches of the armed forces.  Q: Why did Clinton choose Canada as the site for his summit with Yeltsin? A: So he could look up some college buddies who moved up there during the war.  Q: What is a F.A:G.? A: Former Arkansas Governor  Q: If you had Clinton, Gore, and Dolly Parton on stage together, what would you have? A: Two boobs and a great country singer!  Q: How can bake sales be used to lower the deficit? A: Raise enough money to send Clinton a Flo-Bee!  Q: How come there are Jiffypop pans nailed to all the bedroom doors of the White House? A: To save money on smoke detectors!  Q: How will the White House Thanksgiving turkey be different this year? A: It will have two left wings.  Q: What does Clinton have in common with his Hollywood pals? A: They all make a living by lying to people.  Q: Why are females of the White House staff furious at Hillary? A: She keeps leaving the toilet seat up.  Q: What do Hot Lips (of M*A*S*H fame) and David Koresh have in common?  A: Major Burns.  Q: Why did the Davidians commit suicide? A: They were trying to keep up with the Joneses.  Q: Why are there more jokes about Waco than Jonestown? A: The punch lines were too long in Jonestown.  Q: What do David Koresh and Congressman Conyers have in common? A: They're both black and were burned by Janet Reno.  Q: What do a Wendy's Hamburger and the Waco compound have in common? A: They were both cooked by a guy named "Dave".  Q: What is the only thing worse than an incompetent liberal President? A: A competent liberal President.  Q: What is the difference between Bill Clinton and a homosexual? A: One beer.  Q: Where have all the Clinton supporters gone? A: Back on the shelf; next to the catcher's mitts where they belong.  Q: What is yellow, hen-pecked, and lays chicks? A: C _ I _ _ _ N  Q: What is the first thing that President Clinton says after waking up? A: "Good morning, Bill."  Q: Why won't there be a White House Christmas pageant this year? A: They can't find three wise men and a virgin.  Q: What has Clinton done that no one has been able to do in the last 5 years? A: Unite the Republican Party.  Q: Why did Clinton waffle on military action in Bosnia? A: His area of expertise is dodging armed conflict.  Q: How many Democrats does it take to screw in a light bulb? A: None, they only know how to screw the taxpayer.  Q: How does Ted Kennedy mark his place when reading a book? A: He bends over a page.  Q: When did Clinton's friends become sure that he had political ambitions? A: When he married outside of his family.  Q: What do you call a traffic jam over LAX? A: Hairlock.  Q: What does Bill Clinton have in common with former great Presidents? A: Absolutely nothing  Q: What is the difference between Bill Clinton and Elvis? A: Elvis was drafted and served proudly in the Army.  Q: What do Roger Clinton and Mrs. Robert B. Reich have in common? A: They both blow a little dope once in a while.  Q: Why did the IRS recently audit Bill Clinton?  A: Because he filed as head of the household.  Q: How is Clinton's health care reform a lot like his haircut? A: It is a lot more expensive than it looks.  Q: What is Bill's definition of safe sex? A: When Hillary is out of town.  Q: What is the difference between the real Army and Clinton's Army? A: Soldiers used to get blown out of fox holes.  Q: Why did Clinton avoid the draft? A: Back then, there was a ban on gays in the military.  Q: What is the difference between a liberal and a puppy? A: A puppy stops whining after it grows up.  Q: Why were the Clintonites pushing the BTU Tax? A: Because they could spell it.  Q: How is Bill Clinton a lot like railroad track? A: He's been laid all over the country.  Q: What is the basement where White House staffers work called? A: The whine cellar  Q: Why aren't Clinton White House staffers given coffee breaks? A: It takes too long to retrain them.  Q: How can you identify a computer that has been in use at the Clinton White House? A: There is White-out on the screen.  Q: How can you tell if it was a shared computer used by many staffers? A: There is writing on the White-out.  Q: What is the difference between an intelligent liberal and Bigfoot? A: Bigfoot has been spotted.  Q: How is Bill Clinton like a passive-restraint device? A: He is a bag of air that is not on the driver's side.  Q: Why did Clinton cut his vacation short in the interests of dikes, levees, and rain showers? A: He thought he was going to the Midwest for lesbians, taxes, and soaking people.  Q: What caused all the flooding in the Midwest this year? A: Hillary took all the dikes with her to Washington.  Q: How is Bill like a character actor? A: When he shows character, he's acting.  Q: What is Hillary's favorite holiday? A: Summer Solstice.  Q: Why did Clinton want a lot of women in his cabinet? A: To hide the men in his closet.  Q: What do you get when you give Bill Clinton a penny for his thoughts? A: Change.  Q: What do you get when you cross Bill Clinton with a gorilla? A: Who knows? There is only so much a gorilla can be forced to do.  Q: What is Clinton's favorite war song? A: "Over Here"  Q: What is the favorite nursery rhyme of Clinton's bimbos? A: Humpme Dumpme.  Q: What do radical environmentalists like Al Gore have in common with a watermelon? A: They're green on the outside and red on the inside.  Q: Why does Joycelyn Elders hate aspirin? A: It's white, it works, and you have to pick cotton to get to it.  Q: What costume did Bill Clinton wear to a Halloween party that scared everyone to death? A: He came dressed as a two-term president.  Q: Why is Perot's wife glad he didn't get elected? A: If he won, they would have to move to a smaller house in a bad neighborhood.  Q: What do you get when you send Joey Buttafuoco to Harvard? A: Ted Kennedy  Q: Why are driver's education classes held only three days a week in Arkansas? A: The cars are needed the other two days for sex education.  Q: What is the difference between Donna Shalala and an old gray motorcycle? A: One is a dull bike.  Q: What is the difference between liberalism and socialism? A: Socialism is dead.  Q: What is the difference between Clinton's health care plan and a kidney stone? A: A kidney stone is easier to pass.  Q: What is the difference between Hitler and Bill Clinton? A: Hitler intended to deliver on his speeches.  Q: What is the difference between the U.S. and the former USSR? A: The U.S. still has a Communist Party in power.  Q: What do Bill Clinton and Kurt Cobain have in common? A: Half a brain and Gore on their backs.  Q: What does Clinton need to stop the white water? A: A water gate.  Q: Why are they renaming Arkansas Hwy 69 the "Bill Clinton Highway?" A: The road is crooked, slick, and has a yellow stripe down the middle.  Q: What do Bill Clinton and the Mississippi River have in common? A: Both are all wet, wander all over the place, and are controlled by dikes.  Q: What do Hillary Clinton and the Dallas Cowboys have in common? A: They both dominate Bills  Q: What is the difference between TV characters Dan and Roseanne Conner and the Clintons? A: The Conners own their own home.  Q: What is the difference between Whitewater and Watergate? A: No one died in Watergate.  Q: What is Hillary's new nickname after her latest hairstyle? A: Oldielocks  Q: What game did Bill Clinton want Paula Jones to play? A: Swallow the leader  Q: How does Bill Clinton fire up superlawyer Bob Bennett? A: He tells him to go out there and win one for the zipper.  Q: Why doesn't Hillary smile more often? A: Bill isn't doing to her what he's doing to the country.  Q: What are the administration's favorite words in foreign policy? A: We have not ruled out military force.  Q: What would one get with a donation to Rostenkowski's legal fund? A: A free stamp.  Q: What does David Koresh have in common with Bill Clinton? A: They smoked but didn't inhale.  Q: Why are staff cuts so difficult for Clinton? A: He can't give a woman a pink slip without asking her to try it on first.  Q: Is Bill Clinton heterosexual, bisexual, or homosexual? A: None of the above. He suffers from egosexuality since he is constantly screwing himself.  Q: Which of the following does not belong: AIDS, gonorrhea, herpes, or Bill Clinton? A: Gonorrhea--it can be cured.  Q: Why was Roger Clinton's wedding delayed 5 days? A: The bride's father had to wait 5 days to buy the shotgun.  Q: How are Congressmen and baseball players alike? A: They are millionaires who work 3 hours a day and left in August not finishing what they had started.  Q: Why did the chicken cross the Atlantic? A: To attend D-Day celebrations.  Q: What do you get when you cross Bill Clinton and James Dean? A: A man without a clue.  Q: How did we know long before the Haiti invasion that Clinton was planning to go to war? A: He visited Oxford.  Q: How is Bill Clinton like an unemployed school teacher? A: No class and no principals.  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a pickpocket? A: A pickpocket snatches watches.  Q: What does Hillary have in common with the city of Buffalo? A: They both have Bills that are losers.  Q: What do Marsha Clark and Hillary Clinton have in common? A: They both want a Bill's tailback.  Q: What's the difference between Hillary Clinton and the Tundra? A: The Tundra gets drilled once in a while.  Q: Why does the Clinton administration want to reinvent government? A: They are having a lot of trouble dealing with the existing form...democracy.  Q: How are Boris Becker and Bill Clinton alike? A: Both aren't as successful when they're not on grass.  Q: Who should Clinton have used to overthrow Haiti's military? A: John Elway  Q: Why is Clinton so interested in events in the Middle East? A: He thinks the Gaza Strip is a topless bar.  Q: Why does Hillary think her husband is a model president? A: Because a model is a small imitation of the real thing.  Q: What do Bill Clinton and Heidi Fleiss have in common? A: They both got their careers by promising to screw the rich and famous.  Q: What's the difference between Hillary & Liberace? A: Hillary's aides haven't killed her yet.  Q: What does Hillary Clinton have in common with Gerald Ford? A: They both became president without being elected.  Q: What's the difference between the Waco ATF and Bill Clinton? A: BIll Clinton burned 260 million people.  Q: What's another name for Bill Clinton's whores? A: The White House Press Corps.  Q: What do call someone who sees the glass in front of him half full? A: An optimist...  Q: Well, then what do you call someone who sees the glass in front of him as half empty? A: Teddy Kennedy  Q: What did Teddy Kennedy say when he heard of JFK's assassination? A: Now John has brains on the outside of his pants too. A: He couldn't have been shot in the temple! We're not Jewish!  Q: Why did Ted Kennedy spend 3 hours in the voting booth? A: He thought he was in a confessional.  Q: What do Gennifer Flowers and George Bush have in common? A: They were both upset when Bill finished first.  Q: What's the difference between Federico Pena's Denver International Airport and the White House? A: Planes can land at the White House.  Q: Why did Clinton fire Joycelyn Elders? A: To beat off the GOP. A: She wanted to do everything single-handedly. A: He didn't want America thinking that Slick Willie could be jerked around.  Q: How could Joycelyn Elders have brought about democracy in China? A: By teaching children to hold their own elections.  Q: What is Joycelyn Elder's new job? A: Spokesperson for the Pocket Fisherman.  Q: What was Elders' last official act? A: A memo to Pee Wee Herman asking her to come up to Washington and give her a hand.  Q: How is the Clinton cabinet like a bowl of Granola? A: What ain't fruit and nuts is flakes.  Q: Why did the Clintons switch from MCI to AT&T? A: They didn't have enough friends left to make a calling circle.  Q: What's the difference between President Hoover and Clinton? A: One promised a chicken in every pot and the other was an unpromising chicken who smoked pot.  Q: What do you get when you cross Barney Frank and Newt Gingrich? A: A Fag Newton!  Q: How many Hillary Clintons does it take to change a light bulb? A: One - she just holds the bulb and the world revolves around her.  Q: Why did the chicken cross the road? A: To get away from Bill Clinton.  Q: What's the difference between Clinton and Christopher Reeve? A: Clinton is dead from the neck UP......  Q: Where are the two biggest airbags located? A: The White House.  Q: Whats shakin'? A: Chelsea's leg, when I scratch her behind her ear!  Q: How did Bill Clinton paralyze Hillary from the waist down? A: He married her.  Q: Why is President Clinton ussually in a bad mood? A: P.M.S.  Q: Why did Bubba and Hillary only have one kid? A: Vince Foster is dead.  Q: What do they do to fast women in Arkansas? A: Put a governor on 'em.  Q: Who was the first liberal Democrat? A: Christopher Columbus. He left not knowing where he was going, got there not knowing where he was, left not knowing where he'd been, and did it all on borrowed money.  Q: Did you hear that someone threw a bottle of beer at Clinton? A: Yes, but it's ok.  It was a Draft and he was able to dodge it.  Q: Do you know why they outlawed mini skirts in the White House? A: So Hillary's balls wouldn't show!  Q: Did you here about Kentucky Fried Chicken's Hillary Combo meal? A: two small breasts, two large thighs and two left wings.  Q: What's the difference between Bill Clinton and a gigolo? A: A gigolo can only screw one person at a time.  Q: Why is it more dangerous than normal to sit next to Bill Clinton while he's smoking? A: The smoke is still firsthand!  Q: Why does Hillary have a big mouth? A: She likes to bl** whales.  Q: Why does Hillary have a grimace on her face? A: Bill forgot to take the di*** out.  Q: Why did Bill use the di***? A: Because Hillary bit it off!  Q: Why did Gennifer Flowers leave Bill and talked? A: Bill had NOTHING to give her!  Q: What's Clinton's executive order #1? A: Flowers by his bedside.  Q: Did you hear that Dr. Kevorkian has renamed his death machine  "CLINTONATOR"? A: Unlike a respirator it doesn't let the patient inhale.  Q: Did you know Bill Clinton has AIDS? A: What do you expect when you screw everyone in the country?  Q: What's Bill Clinton's least expensive hobby? A: To sit in the Oval Office and collect dust  Q: Why is Bill Clinton not circumcised? [per Gennifer Flowers] A: It would involve throwing away the best part.  Q: Why did a Bill Clinton send an unsigned check for a hundred dollars to a charity? A: He wanted to make an anonymous contribution.  Q: Why is Hillary suing Bill for divorce? A: Because he's doing to everybody what he should only be doing to her.  Q: Who was the biggest corporate contributor to Clinton's campaign? A: Snap-On Tools, Inc.  Q: What did Hillary say to Bill before the election? A: "We'd better win this one, or I'm moving in with Marina Navratilova!"  Q: Did you hear that Tyson Foods has genetically engineered a new    breed of chicken and named it in honor of Bill Clinton?  A: It's a brainless, spineless, dickless, left-wing asshole,    tar-and-feathers yellow chicken with no balls.   (Footnote: Tyson Foods are some Arkansas chicken farmers who torture their chicken (ever heard of de-beaking?), pollute the environment with chickenshit, and have paid millions of dollars to Co-Governors Bill & Hillary Clinton to look the other way. :)  Q: Why is Bill Clinton the living proof of reincarnation? A: Because no one could get this stupid in one lifetime.  Q: How many people work in civil service under Bill? A: Maybe one in ten.  Q: Why did Bill abolish coffee breaks for civil servants? A: Because coffee kept them awake all day.  Q: Who/what are/were Ren & Stimpy? A: There other names for Bill and Al.  Q: Who is the most dangerous woman in the world? A: Tonya Rodham Bobbitt  Q: Do you know why Clinton gave the Federal employees the day off on    Wednesday? A: It was Secretaries' Day and he was to cheap to buy his a present!  Q1: What's a word for Clintons '92 campaign Q2: What did Clinton request from Paula Jones. Q3: What will Clinton have in '96 Q3': What will you get if Clinton's health bill passes? A1: Snow-Job A2: Blow-Job A3: No Job.  Q: Why is Chelsea Clinton so ugly? A: She looks like her dad Janet Reno.  Q: Why did Bill Clinton fire Joyce Elders?? A: Because he failed her masturbation course!  Q: What does Hillary's new hair style have to do with her heading the Health Care Reform Task Force? A: She wanted to look more like nurse Ratchett from One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest .  Q: How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb? A: It's irrelevant; they still don't know they're in the dark!  Q: What's the best job a dumb blonde ever had? A: Vice-president of the United States.  Q: Have you heard about the new Bill Clinton doll? A: You pull a little ring and it NEVER tells the same story twice!