         MY BESTEST FRIEND IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD!!!!  doesnt get mad when i steal her friends... just the sane one  lets me dress her and then steal her normal clothes... however few there is   laughs jokes fun really no one else will get the shit but me and her so there is no point in reading it joshy... joshy? yes joshy and josh the girafee flashing meir while hes benching little big sister im the pretty one taking away my title! stupid smart jock i almost spelled jock wrong... haha wow simon and delilah you can read mines talking with my finger- just one of the many things you stole from me and hunny you suck at it.  davida you just suck..she blows really well. no mom im not talking about her sexual preferences!!! completely off tune singing... ya thats you knowing every word to alladin 1 2 and 3 and hercules and mulan and beauty and the beast and the little mermaid.... basically all disney movies except for hunchback and lion king cause i wont watch those hey thats not a hannah page that says joshy hes my favorite of your friends. you cant steal him!! he sweats my ball sack  please hannah who doesnt um me! i dont have a ball sack really we are so retarded regional? davida howd you get hoarse... standing outside my bunk screaming for hannah wheres hannah i dunno find davida and youll find hannah oh ya i was looking for davida in the first place which is why i asked for hannah... if you dont know us that wont make sense im not wearing underwear you never do!  and by you i mean me you just wear thongs i have the biggest wedgie ever and it wont come out . hannah you shit! thats cause your wearing a thong ex boyfriends become mine? yes! you wanna hook up? uh my gfs right here knowing why i wanted to be emperor before mom did... cause he doesnt wear clothes! i get to ladle!! bitch you did it last week ah but that was last week ewwwww he wont stop calling... turn off your phone texting when your downstairs?! just called to say i love you..... i saw you this morning no i wasnt home! fine last night so? ya i love you too im bored what movie you wanna watch ? hercules hercules!! schmuck 1 or schmuck 2? woogi woogi woogi sliiiiiide the old man! fights that ended with food/ blue water ice i kinda liked it better when you guys werent friends i bit your butt!! its not like i havent seen you naked before what are you doing tonight? hannah k now im busy stalking your friend... wotn say which one but ill  do a hannah 2.. LOVE YOU SWEETIE!!!!!!1