         Roses are red, Violets are blue, You look good, Let's go screw Do you have a mirror in your pocket? 'cause I can see myself in your pants! I have a heart condition. It seems to get broken a lot. You wouldn't happen to have a cure for me would you? Someone better call the police 'cause it's got to be illegal to be that good-looking!  Hey Baby, You've got me licked! Now it's your turn! If you were a train I would slip inside your caboose and ride you all over. f you were a bank I would make a deposit, and then withdraw Girl, you must be a parking ticket because you got fine written all over you. If you were a plumber you could empty my pipes all day! You're too smooth. I think you need a hump! Are you jogging or are my eyes vibrating?  I'll take a piece of anything that you will give me I'll massage your tush with a gentle push.  How many women do I have to kill to get your attention? What time is it? Well, we've got to hurry, we've only got a few more minutes to be the fastest couple to fall in love in history! I hope you're not Jewish! Cause you need a little pork! Roses are red, Pickles are green, I like your legs, and whats in between.      If you were a new hamburger at McDonalds... They'd call you McGorgeous. ust call me milk cause I'll do your body good. Excuse me I'm a bird watcher and I'm looking for a big breasted bed thrasher, have you seen one? If you're going to regret this in the morning we can sleep until the afternoon. Excuse me do you want to fuck or should I appologize?  You may not be the best looking girl here, but beauty is only a light switch away. Hi, I'm a necropheliac, so how good are you at playing dead?  You must be Jamaican, cause you're Jamaican me crazy. So what time do I wake you up in the morning?  I brought you this rose so the rose would know what real beauty is. If you were blue and I was yellow, my favorite colour would be green.  Baby do you know CPR? because everytime I see you my heart stops.  You are as beautiful as the venus de milo... except you have arms.  Are those erasers in your bra or are you just happy to see me?  I didn't know angels flew so low.  If I had the power to creat the perfect woman, I'd leave you just the way you are.  I could poke your eye out from here. Excuse me, I was just admiring your lung capacity I'm looking for a lovely successful business woman whose hobby is housework. I'd marry you tomorrow if we could have the honeymoon tonight.  Hey baby I'm a missionary and I'm looking for a position Is it hot in here, or is it just you? Do you want to come see my hard drive? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.  If you've lost your virginity, can I have the box it came in? That's a nice smile you've got, it's a shame it's not all you're wearing!  Hey, baby, what's your sign? Mine's 'Slippery When Wet' Is your name Gillette? 'cause you're the best a man can get!  There's only one letter missing out of my alphabet! And that's U! If you held 11 roses in front of a mirror you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world Hi I'm a Painter and decorator. Would you like me to white-wash your cervix? If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you I know that milk does a body good, but how much damn milk you been drinking? Girl, you look so good. I'll put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit!  I wish I had a swing like that in my backyard.  Tomorrow morning, do you want me to call you or nudge you? Excuse me, but could you give me directions? To where? Your heart.. Fuck me if I'm wrong, but isn't your name Gretchen?  Excuse me, Miss, is that dress felt?... Would you like it to be?  If I follow you home, will you keep me?  I've got the ship, you've got the harbor... let's say we tie up for the night? You know you might be asked to leave soon, you're making the other women look bad Excuse me, do you mind if I stare at you for a minute? I want to remember your face for my dreams.  Hey, Baby, I've got the Jordan River in my pants so come on in and get babtised.  So, When does your centerfold come out?  Excuse me, Miss, I believe you dropped something... my jaw.     Are you greek? Because I thought all goddesses were from Greece. Is your personality as pretty as your eyes? You look too good to be alone.  If looks were money, you'd be rich Lets play lion, get down on your knees and Ill throw you the meat!  Do I know you from somewhere, because I don't recognize you with your clothes on!  Do you have a map? I just keep getting lost in your eyes!     Wanna play carnival? You sit on my face and I guess how much you weigh! Are you over your ex-boyfriend? Can you get over me sometime? Hey, are you hiring? I really need a blowjob, but I'll take a handjob if one is available!