             Nice pants, can I talk you out of them.  Nice shirt, It would look really good on my bedroom floor in the morning.  That shirt is very becomming on you, But then I would be cumming if I were on you too.  I hate when you leave, but I love to watch you go. Hey my shoes are having a party, why don't you tell your pants to come down?  Do you work for UPS, because I could a swore you were checking out my package!  Did you know we are all naked under our clothes?  You've got the whitest teeth I've ever cum upon.  Hey, that's a nice dress, but it would look better wadded up in a ball next to my bed.  I'll give you a nickel to tickle my pickle.  Mean people suck , but nice people swallow. Which one are you? I may look fat but I have an ass like a jackhammer.  Baby, I'm not Fred Flinstone, but I could make your Bedrock.  Baby, are you from Tennessee cause your the only Ten I see!  Hey, babe, I have 50 million dollars, can I deposit somthing in your vault!  Your lips are like wine and I want to get drunk You remind me of a championship bass, I don't know whether to mount you or eat you.  Do you sleep on your stomach? Can I? Do you like your eggs scrambled, or fertilized?  Screw me if I'm wrong, but don't you wanna kiss me? Hey are your parents terrorists? Because your the bomb!  You must be a butcher, cause I love the way you handle my meat. Is your father a baker? Because you've got great buns!   Hi! My name is Pogo, want to jump on my stick?  The only bone I like in your body is mine!  You know, I might not be the best looking guy in here... But I'm the only one who's talking to you.  Do you have a quarter because my parents told me to call them when I find my wife.  Come over and sit on my lap. We'll talk about the first thing that pops up. Can we play train? You can sit on my face and I will chew chew chew.  Hello, my name is x, remember it because you will be screaming it later!  If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together. Why don't we add you and me, subtract our clothes, divide our legs and multiply?  Hey, baby, why don't we go behind a rock and get a little boulder? Love your dress but, it'd look better on my floor. I lost my phone number can I have yours? Hey, girl, I was wondering, can I make you fat for nine months? Would you like to come over to my place for sex and pizza? Or just sex?  Baby, are those moon pants you're wearing? Cause your ass is out of this world! ' I don't know what you're saying but it's making me horny You want to see my jumbo jet?  Hi, I'm a gynecologist and I give free exams.  Nice legs. When do they open? Could I name your legs? The right leg will be Christmas and the left leg will be called Thanksgiving. Now can I come and visit you between holidays? Your father must have been a thief because he stole all the stars from the night sky and put them in your eyes Your legs must be tired cause you have been running around my mind all day Oh, exuse me, I thought that was a braille name tag COOLGAL805: wait is that my cell phone or are ur pants calling my name? f I told you, you had a beautiful body would you hold it against me? Would you?  Hey, baby, the word of the day is "Legs" so lets go to my house and spread the word.  Is that a ladder in your tights or a stairway to heaven? Hey, you wouldn't happen to have a socket for my pocket rocket, would you? All those curves, and me with no brakes I lost my teddy bear will you sleep with me tonight?  Your name must be Daisy because I want to plant you. Baby I melt in your mouth not your hands! Those are nice panties you have, I wonder how long it will take to pull them off with my teeth.  Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven. There is a party going on in my pants and your the guest of honour You have 206 bones, how would you like 207 You must be a horrible person because God took all your beauty and used it for the outside.  My dad said never talk to a stranger so can I have your name. I sure like what you're wearing... can I talk you out of it?  Yo baby, you can be my dairy queen, and I'll be your burger king. You treat me right and I'll give it your way.  Hey baby do you believe in love at first sight, or do I have to walk past you a second time?