         There once was a man named Matt Who was short, bald, ugly, and fat.    I'm willing to bet,    The only pussy he gets Is when he goes home to his cat.    There once was a lad named Kevin Whose girlfriend was four foot eleven.    She looked at his cock    When it was hard as a rock, And it was ten inches long...minus seven.    There once was a woman named Ann Who was said to be quite like a man.    When nature did call,    She ran down the hall, And went to the gentleman's can.    There once was a baker named Sherm Who flavored his pastries with sperm.    He said, "What's the matter?"    As he mixed up his batter, "I still use a spoon to stir'm."    There was a young gal from Montana Who had an affair with a banana.    She hugged it and squeezed it,    Loved it and teased it, and said "It tastes better than a mana."    There was a young girl from France Who got on a train, by chance.    The engineer fucked her,    As did the conductor, And the brakeman came in his pants.    There was a young lady from France Who got on a bus in a trance    Everyone fucked her    Apart from the Conductor But he came twice in his pants    There once was a barmaid named Gail On whose chest were the prices of ale.    And on her behind,    For the sake of the blind, Was precisely the same, but in Braille.    Once a young woman named Alice Used a dynamite stick for a phallus.    They found her vagina    In North Carolina, And part of her anus in Dallas.    There was an old man of the Nile Who sharpened his nails with a file;    Till he cut off his thumbs,    And said calmly, "This comes Of sharpening one's nails with a file!"    There was an old person of Cromer Who stood on one leg to read Homer.    When he found he grew stiff,    He jumped off the cliff, Which concluded that person of Cromer.    There was an old man on some rocks Who shut his wife up in a box.    When she said, "Let me out,"    He exclaimed, "Without doubt, You will pass all your life in that box."    There was a young lady of Troy Whom several large flies did annoy.    Some she killed with a thump,    Some she drowned at the pump, And some she took with her to Troy.    A certain young gourmet of Crediton Took some pate de foie gras and spread it on    A chocolate biscuit.    Then murmured, "I'll risk it." His tomb bears the date that he said it on.    There was an old party of Lyme Who married three wives at one time.    When asked, "Why the third?"    He replied, "One's absurd, And bigamy, sir, is a crime!"    There was a young boy of Quebec Who fell into the ice to his neck.    When asked, "Are you friz?"    He replied, "Yes, I is. But we don't call this cold in Quebec."    Beware of the limerick bore. From a seemingly infinite store,    He trots out more verse    Where the scansion gets worse, But the subject's the same as before.    There once was a man from Nantucket Whose dick was so long he could suck it.    He said with a grin,    As he wiped of his chin, "If my ear was a cunt, I'd fuck it."    There once was a man from Tasse Who's balls were made of brass.    In stormy weather,    They smacked together And a lightning bolt shot out his ass.    There was a young man from Madrass Who had both his balls dipped in brass.    He banged them together    And played "Stormy Weather" And lightning came out of his ass.    In the Garden of Eden sat Adam Massaging the bust of his madam.    He chuckled with mirth,    For he knew that on earth, There were only two boobs and he had 'em.    There was an old pirate named Bates Who was learning to rhumba on skates.    He fell on his cutlass    Which rendered him nutless And practically useless on dates.    There was a young man from Bellaire Who was screwing his girl on the stair.    But the banister broke,    So he doubled his stroke, And finished her off in mid-air.    A pretty young lady named Vogel Once sat herself down on a molehill.    A curious mole    Nosed into her hole. Ms. Vogel's okay, but the mole's ill.    A team playing baseball in Dallas Called the umpire blind out of malice.    While this worthy had fits,    The team made eight hits, And a girl in the bleachers named Alice.