         ok now FINALLY the long promised harry potter- hp rena, not highland park- random quotes finally rewinded! dont think i actually ever saw this one before... whoops  were not allowed to use magic outside of school so you can send messages to your freaky little friends i dont have messages or any friends whod want to be friends with you in the lounge waiting to welcome them graciously into our home, ill be by the door, ill be in my bedroom making no noise pretending i dont exist harry potter such an honor  LOVE DOBBY!  not to be rude but this isnt the right time for me to have a house elf in my room s-s-s-s-s-s-s-sit down? offended dobby? dobby has heard of your greatness but never has been asked to sit down by a wizard. you havent had met any decent wizards. no i havent... what a dreadful thing to say! harry potter must not go back to hogwarts school of witchcraft and wizardry dont make me talk dobby put the lamp down! what the devil are you doing up here! you ruined the punchline of my japanease golfer joke i belong in your world hogwarts only place i have friends friends that dont even write to harry potter if his friends had forgotten him, harry potter might not want to go back to school ( levitating cake... pretty damn cool ) its my nephew hes very disturbed ron fred george rescuing you of course you and that bloody pigeon arent going anywhere by the way harry happy birthday its brilliant ( LOVE THIS HOUSE!!! WANT IT ) beds empty no note car gone you best hope i dont put bars on your window ronald weasly and who are you? did you really how did it go? i mean that was very wrong indeed what exactly is the function of a rubber duck? ( harrys really skinny... but hot as hell - one track mind ) (these people are scary!!!) not lost are you my dear? come with us well help you find your way back i was looking for flesh eating slug repellant ( hermione is soooooooooooooo pretty!!!! ) ( ginnys ugly now but hot as hell later ) mum fancys him it cant be harry potter. harry potter!  nic ebig smile harry together you and i rate first page when harry stepped into flurrish and blots this morning to buy my book the magical me which is currently celebrating its 27th week at the best seller. he never realized hed be leaving with my entire series free of charge bet you loved that didnt you potter  famous harry potter cant even walk into a bookshop without getting on the front page great potter got yourself a girlfriend voldemort killed my parents he was nothing more then a murderer fear of the name only increases fear of the thing itself ( yet she cant say or hear it either) second hand book... must be a weasley  cant do this anymore...... completely ruining the movie for me!!!!