         hannahs blog  http://princesshannah.blogspot.com/   arms vs.boobs  TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: my arms are MASSIVE. rikki713: not half as big as my boobs TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: u think so? TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: u've seen my arms before, right? TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: well now theyre like an inch and a half bigger rikki713: nice TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: have u ever torn a shirt open with your boobs? TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: i ripped my sleeve by making a muscle rikki713: yes have u met me? TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: i' TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: ve TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: met u TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: what are you getting at? rikki713: my boobs are ENORMOUS rikki713: they rip whole watermelons rikki713: har har har rikki713: art art art TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: but ur short (not in a bad way, i like short ppl. i go out with a short person!) TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: if u had boobs that big, you'd have a broken spine rikki713: nah i dont have big boobs rikki713: but i will.....I DRINK MILK!!!!! TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: milk is good for bones, and boobs aren't bones rikki713: well havent u heard of breast bones? TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: no TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: because they don't exist rikki713: what do u think holds the boob up???? air???? rikki713: gravity??? please??? were is ur common sense? TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: SUPPORT! BRAS! TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: and they are kinda ATTACHED to you rikki713: by the breast bone TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: oy TeDDYBeaRZ8Me: u      all me!!! standing behind her telling her what to say    Davida  Davida, weed, daweeda, Meir, and tamara? NOOO beavis and butthead? 1-2-3...charge...(insert biting butt here) Thats it we are sooo not friends nemore....5,4,3,2,1....I MISS YOU!!!! Woogie Woogie Woogie slide, woogie woogie woogie shake, salute 1,2,3....ahhhhh davidas stuck! Hercules Hercules lose yourself video I was in the back, Superman video I was in the back Especially when I drop the beat and do my Acapello...mad spelled that wrong Whose the super smart jock now huh? I took your place! I took your place! Who else in the whole entire world would sit there with me and watch Alladin, Hercules, Mulan, and all of the other disney movies cept' for Notre Dame or the Lion King cuz who wants to see ugly Frodo and Scar? blue water ice all the way baby....doesnt it have a flavor? Why dont I have any clothes? Oh right Davida has them all? People think im smoking week, cuz thats whats in my phone book Im high on life apology accepted?food? You are my role model...dont you dare tell anyone that... LEAVE ALL MY FRIENDS ALONE!!!!I SO WONT HAVE ANY WHEN YOUR DONE! hannah, its ur turn to walk the dog...hahaha u walked him yesterday! dude, im in the family room!Stop calling me! I get to ladle, i get to do havdalah, when did we become 3 years old? Put some underwear on! Uch dont worry, i see her naked all the time He sweats my ball sack...the one i dont have Meet the eldest Son in the family You play basketball?Do you play?(jk) Wow, i have no friends im writing to my sister/bestfriend/pain in my ass/worst enemy/clothesstealer...even though she goes around naked/bestfriend(mad said that already) MWAH I LOVE YOU   see she really is my best friend!! i dont make it up its a mutual relationship