         	     Famous Last Words  Noo these windows are ok to lean on.  Don’t worry it has airbags.  Hey what’s that buzzing noise?  Don’t worry its not that deep.  One time at band camp.  No, he doesn’t bite?.  Hey look a light at the end of the tunnel.  I can pass this guy.  My brakes are fine.  Nice doggy.  I think it's trying to communicate...  "Homicidal Tendencies"?  Hey, you're Eminem, aren't you?  "Na, I don't think we need to go to the hospital."  "This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us." -- Western Union internal memo, 1876.  "The wireless music box has no imaginable commercial value. Who would pay for a message sent to nobody in particular?" -- David Sarnoff's associates in response to his urgings for investment in the radio in the 1920s  "We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out." -- Decca Recording Co. rejecting the Beatles, 1962.  "So we went to Atari and said, 'Hey, we've got this amazing thing, even built with some of your parts, and what do you think about funding us? Or we'll give it to you. We just want to do it. Pay our salary, we'll come work for you.' And they said, 'No.' So then we went to Hewlett-Packard, and they said, 'Hey, we don't need you. You haven't got through college yet.'" -- Apple Computer Inc. founder Steve Jobs on attempts to get Atari and H-P interested in his and Steve Wozniak's personal computer.  "Drill for oil? You mean drill into the ground to try and find oil? You're crazy." -- Drillers whom Edwin L. Drake tried to enlist in his project to drill for oil in 1859.  "No flying machine will ever fly from New York to Paris." -- Orville Wright.  "Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value." -- Marechal Ferdinand Foch, Professor of Strategy, Ecole Superieure de Guerre.  "It's a dud! It's a dud! It's a du...".  "Don't touch the red button!"  Gee, that's a cute tattoo.  It's fireproof.  What does this button do?  So, you're a cannibal.  Are you sure the power is off?  Pull the pin and count to what?