         1.Hey there numero uno! Do you live by your convictions? Do you take pride in your principles? Then you probably spend less time looking out for number one than you do choosing your battles with a mature, rational head.  Enneagram Type Ones, known as Reformers, are just what you'd think. They want to improve the world and they're willing to work hard to do it. Idealistic but levelheaded, reformers are inspired to serve some higher purpose. As a Reformer, you probably stay committed to whatever cause you adopt as your own and expect other people to have as much integrity as you do. Like other Type Ones, you are likely to feel best when you stay true to yourself and keep your tendency towards perfectionism in check.   2.Are you a true, true, generous Two? If so, you don't just want to be loved; you deserve to be loved. And you probably are, considering your caring nature.  Known as Helpers, Enneagram Type Twos are people-pleasers--they love to make sure everyone around them feels good. In fact, all the attention they lavish on others can take its toll. Twos spend so much time accommodating others, that they may find it difficult to communicate their own needs. As a Two, you may feel like a martyr who sacrifices your desires for the sake of others. Like other Twos, you are probably at your best when you feel there is a balance of give and take between you and your loved ones.   3.Three's a charmer! Are you naturally successful? Do you put your best face forward no matter what? If so, you may have some Enneagram Type Three in you.  Type Threes, also known as Achievers, don't just dress to impress--they live for it. Plus, they make it look easy. They have an innate need and uncanny ability to stand out in the crowd. And they thrive on this attention. As a Three, your ambition and sunny disposition are likely to inspire a lot of people. But some may think your positive attitude is phoney. Like other Achievers, you are at your best when you are self-assured without being overly competitive.   4. Are you perpetually searching for the meaning of life? Do you have a poetic spirit, oh sensitive soul?  Enneagram Type Fours are known for being emotionally sensitive, even moody. Their philosopher's soul makes them the most expressive of the Enneagram types. Many (not all) artists are Type Fours. If you are like other Individualists, you may spend a lot of your time wondering what to do with yourself, but that's probably your favorite activity--thinking about things. And then of course, moaning and groaning... ;-)  5.ello brainiac? Is that you, more comfortable in the world of ideas than at a party?  Investigators, or Type Fives, are the intense intellectuals of the Enneagram wheel. Curiosity may have killed the cat, but that doesn't keep Type Fives from exploring any idea they can get their heads around. Investigator types are innovative thinkers--they love to find new ways of doing things. And they often do--many a historical figure or national hero turns out to be a Type Five. As an Investigator, you may enjoy time spent reading and studying. Some Fives feel a little isolated from other people, but for the most part they are extremely perceptive, focused individuals  6.Forget about your dog...do you deserve to be called Fido (remember, that's Latin for "faithful")?  Enneagram Type Sixes, or Loyalists, are the lovable, responsible ones on the Enneagram wheel. Although Loyalists like to maintain the status quo, they are diplomats at heart and are willing to make compromises (and encourage others to do so) in order to solve problems. Loyalists are big into teamwork, so you may find that you are happiest when you're with your family or group of friends, helping to keep things harmonious.  7. ME!!!!!!!!! Hello, are you there? It's us, gURL... We wonder: Are you all over the place? Enneagram Type Sevens are.  Known as Enthusiasts, Type Sevens are fun-loving, adventurous spirits who may seem like they have enough energy for two. Outgoing and optimistic, Sevens are usually the life of the party.  The down side of all their explosive energy is that Sevens sometimes feel scattered and their loved ones may sense that distraction. As a Seven, you may be happiest when you have the freedom to roam but find something, or someone to help you focus.  8.It's just a guess, but do you usually get your own way? Face it, it's not a bad thing to get what you want...  Challengers get their name from their authoritative nature. Known for their self-confidence and natural leadership skills, Challengers are strong-willed individuals who take the world by storm. They welcome direct confrontation and many people find their honesty like a breath of fresh air. But if they aren't careful, these confrontations can develop into arguments. If you are like other Challengers, you may act a bit bossy when you feel out of control. Most of the time, though, you are probably just self-confident and ambitious--a great source of admiration for your peers.- this one could also be me...oh well  9. "Peace at any price." Could that be your motto? Would you rather forget about your own desires than get into an argument?  Enneagram Type Nines, known as Peacemakers, are generally easy-going people who don't like to rock the boat. They usually get along with everyone and at their best are emotionally even-keeled. You may not know it, but as a Peacemaker, you could be someone's rock in a storm. Lucky for all of us, serenity like yours has a tendency to rub off on other people.