         6.Your social life is: 	non-existent, but who cares? 	floundering--you friends find it hard to live up to your standards. 	exhausting because lots of people come to you when they need to talk. 	perfect, it couldn't be better! 	great, as long as everyone's getting along... 	pretty dismal--hell is other people. 	rocky by nature--you fight with your friends A LOT.  7.Everyone's got an Achilles heel. What's yours? 	OK, sometimes I'm a drama queen. 	I panic if things feel out of control. 	I can be bossy. 	Secretly, I think I'm always right. 	Sometimes I try a little too hard to impress other people. 	I give and I give and I give...and then I grow resentful. 	I live inside my head. 	I tend to be scattered--it's hard for anyone to pin me down. 	I avoid dealing with problems.  8.You're recruited for the drama club, so you choose to join the crew as: 	playwright. 	director. 	publicity coordinator--you get people to come to the play. 	lighting designer--you want to teach yourself the technical aspects of the theater and avoid the mayhem backstage. 	stage manager--you keep things moving and facilitate communication among the crew. 	makeup/wardrobe person--you get the stars ready for their close-ups. 	actor--you wanna be a star. 	quality controller--you make sure the sets meet safety requirements (e.g., fire resistant, made of recycled wood, etc.)  9.You get a puppy for your b-day! You name her: 	"Om," so you can meditate when you call her name. 	"Synchronicity" or some other obscure, lyrical word. 	after your favorite civil right's hero. 	five times before you find a name that sticks. 	"Fido" (that's Latin for "faithful"--she's gotta be loyal then, right?) 	after you get input from the rest of your family. 	"Leo," to enCOURAGE her independence... 	"Plato," after the ancient Greek philosopher. 	"Sunny"--just like your disposition. : -)  10.Publisher's Clearinghouse comes by with a check the size of your kitchen table. What's your first big purchase? 	a fancy sports car and a map of the country--you're headed for the open road! 	a beautiful new house for your family 	an entirely new and exclusively designer wardrobe 	a room (or an island) of your own--where you can think 	a whole new library of books and a place where you can study them 	You wouldn't buy anything until you gave away some money to a few charities. 	a Krispy Kreme (or some other fast-growing) franchise. 	Nothing. Money can't buy happiness.