         Let me start the second part of this long, long night with a song, because it IS going to be long, already.   Iris  by the Goo Goo Dolls  And I'd give up forever to touch you Cuz I know that you feel me somehow You're the closest to heaven that I'll ever be And I don't wanna go home right now And I can taste is this moment And all I can breathe is your life And sooner or later it's over I just don't wanna miss you tonight  And I don't want the world to see me Cuz I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am  And you can't fight the tears that ain't coming Or the moment of truth in your lies When everything feels like the movies Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive  And I don't want to world to see me Cuz I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am  (interlude)  And I don't want the world to see me Cuz I don't think that they'd understand When everything's made to be broken I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am I just want you to know who I am  I was thinking of this song because of a few things: I started thinking about Zoe's Blurty, and in that you can be affiliated with certain groups of common interests. One of them was for cutting and understand why they do it, and also to help them get over it. There were a few quotes from songs in there that relate to it, and one of them was:  Yeah, you bleed just to know you're alive . So I thought about that. Then today, I was taking a nap and I remembered it and resolved to post it here. It sounds just like me.  I used to realllllllllllyyyyyy like the Goo Goo Dolls, I haven't listened to them in a while though. I guess I'll be picking that one back up soon.  Iris  shall be on Poor Bastard Vol. 2 (and yes, the first one's official title is Poor Bastard Vol. 1, Aug 2002 - Jan 2003, the list is a little different since Tinblogged got deleted and that was the only place I put it).  And now to the pressing matter.  It seems that one of Kenzie's friends wants to go out with me. I brought it up with Leigh Anne and she was like, "Well at least it'll get you off my back," and I said, "Oh no, you can't shake me that easy," and she was like, "Damn,". Ok.  But the thing is, it was really half-hearted, to the point where even I could take it that way, and second, when she's trying to shake me off, she'll use the phrase, "Just move on,".   I need some interpretations, by the way: "It's going to be really funny when you find out you don't care about me." and "You lied; you said you loved me."  Actually, I know what they both are quintessentially, "I want attention", the Leigh Anne fling. It's amazing how desperately she needs it.  But right now she's talking to Brittany, and Brittany has a lot of sway over her, whether she'd like to admit it or not.  It's going to be a long night. This would've been longer had she not called back just now.  ARGH.  I'm weird, but my shirt smells really good right now.  HeeHAW.