         HI all.  So guess who called while I was sitting here druggedly playing CS?   Alex. He wanted to know something about FFT and I was like, "Dude...you waste 9 bucks to ask me a question that you could easily have answered on the internet?" I helped him the best I could, but I was sorta preoccupied so I don't know if I told him all the right things. Plus, the NyQuil seems to have reached that stage where it doesn't want to wear off anymore. That means I'm addicted, and that really sucks. It's a good thing this shit is just beefed up Tylenol or I would have probably died of an OD.  It was funny when I had to drive my dad to the hospital for eye surgery today. I was pretty much cussing everyone, I missed the street a few times, I almost got killed a few times (amazingly, didn't almost cause anything myself), I went to Krystal for my dad and was wearing my evil-looking Aerosmith t-shirt...the guy behind the counter looked at it for a few minutes (a very gay black man, and I don't say "gay" as defamation of character), and didn't say a word after that. So that was really great, and when he doesn't even acknowledge me, it's everyone else's turn to gawk at me and see what I did. As if it's their business. I'm a long-haired, pot-faced teenager! What kind of shirts am I supposed to be wearing, Right to Life Ts? For crying out loud!  But after that I went to Richland Park with a notepad and listened to CDs and eventually got out of the car and sat on a bench and drafted a few songs. One is called  Shiver , the other is called  Acetaminophen ...wonder where I got the name to that one. I've said the word  acetaminophen  at least once in the last two of my posts. Altho I spelled it wrong... acetominophen . But whatever.  So then I go to a drum lesson and play a brand-new kit, and we discuss selling out, and he insists that that's what I'm going to have to do to get famous. Screw that. It almost makes me want to abandon music and go back into being an FBI agent. I was hooked on that for a while. Or a psychologist...or the other one, whichever doesn't use drugs. You can see how well I'm researching my future.   So now here I am, and it's past 11:10 tonight so it's all good, and I'm about to probably play CS again altho I have to get up mucho early tomorrow. It doesn't matter anymore. Time passes like ribbons on the wind these days, I won't even notice I lost sleep...except for the morning [sic]ness. I get morning sick. Yah, that's right, I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father is. That's the way these things go.  Actually, if that were so, I've been pregnant for the last five years, and I only get sick when I don't get enough sleep, or if I have to get up earlier than I'm used to. I think the latter is what causes it. But nevertheless, I'm pregnant! I must be incubating some kind of monster, considering.   I talk too much. That sucks. Why didn't anyone tell me? I guess it's my brain, which works really hard, just not in the right areas (i.e.: application of the remotest energies to school, thus resulting in  GOOD GRADES FOR A CHANGE )  I'm shutting up now. G'nite my special people.