         Well, here I sit again.  "Uh oh" you say, you go and grab a drink because you know this is going to be one of  those . You sit back and stare blankly at the screen, letting a bit of spit fall from your open jaws as you sort through this post and get the message: "I wanna bitch". It's the same one tenfold, but for some reason there's something new to get out of it every time.  I'm not intending for this one to be long. Which means it probably will be.  I want you all to know, especially Lindsey, that you all did  not  screw up my life. Let me see if I can retell this plainly.  Leigh Anne called back shortly after Rosie to ask for Brittany's phone number. After a while she handed the phone to Lily. Lily's mom picked up and told her to get off because she needed to use it, whereafter she didn't use it. But anyway, Lily put down the phone and forgot about it.  Meanwhile, I set up this BLog and posted that one at the bottom in Kenzie's, where, shortly after, I deleted it, for reasons that will become apparent in a few lines here.  I had a silent line for 93 minutes before Lily noticed the phone off the hook and picked it up, whereupon she said "Hello?" and I said, "Umm...hi,"...there was a round of laughs, then Leigh Anne was inspired to talk to me and say that she was upset with me and didn't hate me anymore. After a minute, she told me they were setting up a tent and that she was going to go and help them. She was trying to get away from them for a second by locking herself in a closet or something, and I didn't think it worked, because she eventually gave in and just said, "I love you," and hung up.  So that was ULTRA cool for me. I went and played darts with my sister's friend who was staying over, I won.  They called back shortly after. There were a few more Iluvu's in there, there was some sappiness, which Leigh Anne alleged would happen, and then she hung up at about 1:30, whereafter, Lily tells me, they went to sleep.  So the next day I guess Leigh Anne was still like that for a while. Things went bad at about 5 that evening. They got worse at 6:30. Then I went to my dad's house feeling generally pissed at my dying fortune.  And then that night she just asked me to forget about it again. That she wasn't interested in a relationship with anyone, that she needed a friend. There are some other things that were more personal when we were together that came up, but they eventually were also rescinded until there was nothing left but a big fuckin' gap of silence, whereafter I put down the phone and read your posts. I had said no arguing, I felt like there was some here, so I just decided to call the other people off. Plus Rosie's  ultimately  childish post of "Joah...God I hate you." As if I needed anymore of that stuff.   I posted it to see whom of you would stick by me no matter what. It really seems though, now that I look at it, that Rosie was reallllllllllyyyyy eager to give up on me...some friend :), well we've got things straightened out for the most part.  Then I woke up the next morning and felt stupid because I really enjoy the outside input at times, so I went back on it but it was a little too late for that. So today in fourth I answered Lily's post for the most part(there's more answers for her and Lindsey after this one, by the way), and I resent an invitation to join the BLog since Lindsey had backed out and was mad at me.  So that is the story. Last night things were pretty good for a while. But I really don't care. Actually, at one point, Leigh Anne had this horoscope thing on her cell and was telling me to think of a question and tell her...at one of them I just said, "Can I just keep it in my head?" and she said ok, and the real question was, "Will things ever work out with me and her?", and the VERY astonishing answer was a bunch of star alignment bullshit followed by the interpretation, "Give it time and it will work in the near future,". I was like, WHOA. She asked what the question was and I was too stunned to think for a second. Then I said something about if I was going out to eat or not that day.  She always thinks of something bad when I'm making her laugh, and she bring it up, after which it'll be a thorn in my side and I really can't be humorous anymore and she'll start talking about all these guys...I swear to god, this girl has no female friends, and the ones that could be considered so, she can't connect with them, or they're lesbians and they're after her.  So that's about it for now, that's the story so far.  Fucking story.