         Well, the day is over.  Result: not too bad. I kinda lokked horns with Brooks like I did yesterday. Kid's a fukking retard. It's really bad kuz he thinks he's the smartest person out there, when in fact he misses the point entirely  every time . It really pisses me off when I'm trying to explain to him that we need more information than just history for our Frenkh projekt, and he's waving papers at me, saying, "I've got the history right here dumbass, you're taking too much time, I kould do this SO much better than you," Then he went to the library this morning and fukked with the projekt, "spiffing it up", when in fact all he did was put a fill-effekt on the bakk of every slide, after I took about a YEAR to explain to him that it would look better if we kould find piktures of Lorraine, the region of our projekt, even  Franke  for god's sake. God, SO pissed at that asshole.  And I listened to  Between Times  five times when my mom got home with the K(C)D in her kar today. I was like, "YES!" and listened to it til it was koming out of my ears. And then I listened to  Exiled Ark(c)hangels  and  If It Ends Tomorrow  and  In Domine Sathana . GOD that last song is REALLY messed up. But mostly  Between Times .   I have DI tomorrow. That should be good. Then I'm going to my dad's and I'll probably go to Opry Mills this weekend and see Arthur...heh, "Here at Johnny Rokket's..." et cetera. The dude is HILARIOUS.  Gonna get  A Dead Poem  when I get my next allowance, just to listen to  Between Times . Little obsessed, ain't I? Where has it been all my life?  And I was thinking of great proof that sokiety has bekome ultimately shallow. Anal Kunt...they have an album called  Piknik of Love , there's a song kalled  Saving Ourselves For Marriage , and the lyriks as follows: "We just stood there, wondering what was next / But we knew not to ruin our love with premarital sex". Now obviously, this is a joke, after all, with songs like  I Lit Your Baby On Fire , this guy's an immortality nut, right?  That's  exactly  what I'm talking about, it says nothing about sex in that song, not that you kan understand anything he's saying. Most people just hear his skreaming and say, "Wow, that guy's just wrong in every aspekt. since he's saying  something  about lighting babies on fire, he must have blatant sex,"   Not that I'm denying it, after their song  Rape Women ...heh. Um, but yeah, I bet you took it at face value, you shallow bastard.  Me tiredisimo. Gonna listen to  The Fated Song  a little more and turn in.  Nice.