         And today...  A HUGE session, it lasted about five hours, during which we only played about 2 1/2... but  we finished  Little Rhyme , actually started on  Bitter . It sounds cool, but a little too slow for me.   And Alex has succumbed to the poisonous melodies of Rotting Christ. We were talking about "machine gun drumming" (the first time I'd ever heard that phrase was in reference to Rotting Christ), and I said, "The greatest machine gun song ever is  Glory of Sadness ," then I attempted to play it on guitar and failed, but got the point across. Then I just started talking about all of their hard songs, mostly the ones on  Khronos  (which I ordered this weekend, whoo!), and especially about the one  If It Ends Tomorrow . He heard it and was like "...God,". And then we sat in my mom's car discussing the fact that if the singer was gone, the band would be great. I argued against it, saying the lyrics wouldn't work if it all wasn't screamed like he did. For instance...in  If It Ends Tomorrow ..."If it ends tomorrow / If it begins / It gives me no sorrow / No tears fall to my lips"...or how about  Glory of Sadness ..."I was straight asleep / It was that night / I fell into it so deep / Then I saw the light"...it just wouldn't work without the screaming like he does. And then the suggested (my mom and Alex) that the words be changed. And I said no. They're Rotting Christ, you can't expect them to talk about anything else except touchy, mostly religious subjects and emotions of fear and sorrow. C'mon.  But Alex liked  If It Ends Tomorrow , nonetheless.  And I played Counterstrike and EVO all weekend. It was a lot of fun, especially when my cousin called (kinda surprised)...since his mom was over at my house this weekend and noticed me playing Counterstrike the whole time, she told Seth and he call, all excited that I was playing. So play we did. He showed me the coolest maps EVER, fy_pool_day, and battlefield_rush. He also talked about d_day, which I've looked at since but haven't played yet. I would this weekend if it weren't for DI...it's keeping me at home this weekend. Sadness.  I had a fun weekend.   But this week is gonna suck.