         This is the day.  I feel a twist of nausea permeate the recesses of my box of a soul, filling the life force therein, corrupting the stuff of mortal existence with unescapable, tumultuous urges to vomit whatever went undigested from the past week or so. As I sit here at this monitor, being bombarded by light gamma rays or whatnaught, eating some leftover chips from my last meal at my grandmother's, and sipping a Cherry Coke with bemused fervor, I feel it, that twisting, serpentine hand of fear disassembling the scraps of my rationality, decaying the origins of my learning and assimilation of scenarios. I feel screwed.  Last night I was assigned to get duck tape for the DI team. Little did we remember, and my grandmother  did , that we are in the middle of a "fear terrorism" mentality and people have bought all duck tape and plastic with which to secure windows against the threat of viral warfare.  People, if the germ wants in, it'll  get  in, don't worry your poor, illogical, and incoherent heads.  With the two rolls given to me by my grandmother, and the one I found at the store while stocking up on  my  antiterroristic formula, caffeine, it gives us a grand total of SCREWED. The ones given me are strange...one is huge and yellow, while the other roll is...dirty. It has particles all over it.  Most likely, however, we have enough.  I woke to my  sister's  alarm clock, who, by the way, isn't at this house this weekend.  It's Getting Hot In Herre , the slut anthem of the new millenium, blasting through her open door, the new cat, Camille, scratching on mine. I was frankly overwhemled by this chaos...bombs really are louder in the morning, especially to teenage boys who  sleep . I rolled out of bed, scratching my frazzled scalp and rubbing the sleep for my eyes as I headed to the pandemonium out there, the Leviathan of noise called Nelly.   After five minutes of experimenting on how to turn off the alarm clock in the dark, and achieving my goal (worse, it happened to be my old one), I walked to the shower as slowly as possible, dreading the dire results of it ending. So, using your powers of deduction, one could ascertain that this shower consumed a quantity no less than that of the Nile's daily flow of water for five thousand years. As it ended the anxiety of which I spoke settled in on my shoulders and started shaking me, choking my being to mutate into a child of his disorder. Staving him is getting sufficiently harder with every glance at the clock, and seeing as how computer have said wonderful device  somewhere  on every screen, his iced grip colds my being with the seconds that wake.  The tick, tick, the incessance of the clock begins to drive me to chaotica, a state of complete euphoric insanity, humanity enveloped with the penchant to destroy in a mad and fearful wake. The tick is louded now, slower, it multiplies and divides faster than its amoebic kin (or is becoming as such at this point), I see my fingers smashing the keys at tremendous speeds, letting the blood from each repeated strike dance upon my lined, tired visage, my heart quickens, my brain begins thinking sans rationality, but with much in speed that the normal self would desire.  The world commences spinning out of control, the clocks are a wall of noise, my heart, on the verge of imploding on itself with its unending repetetions, the bag, once full of chips, both cheesed and plain, now on my head, suffocating my burning lungs, and the suffocation is a release from the madness, but soon becomes another twisted limb of its endless desire to give birth  again  to, to whelp  again , to create one new life in the masses of a sentient being   again  .   >   a<>> >>>i<>>>  F A L L S  into oblivion and their is much of stark contrast between the constantcy of fixed human shape and his now boiling thoughts. He is on the verge of  ! ! EXpl.......od###ing into pieces, or at least he feels as such, the strength accrued over the course of his now shortened 15 years drained and sucked dry in a matter of seconds, the vampire(DOTH STOCK YE) consumes his mind and again he  F A L L S  into darkness this time, and he feels the warmth of EUPHORIA, in nomine, ave euphoria, carry me away on your lusty back, your thoughts intuned to naught but contentment, the soul waits in purgation as the body, soulless but with none to control its spirit but nature  UNL EASH ES?  a veritable  Gotterdammerung  upon the nations of earth, moreover upon his house, now being pummeled by unquenched human REWOPpower as it consumes his form, even death is an illusion, even death is a puppet deathisminedeath is my lovesheismy lover and i am the king and OBLIVION is my servant and suddenly  I realize, it was from drinking caffeine this early in the morning. I pick up the fallen bag and throw the can in the sink, where it, like everything on the planet, will be washed and recycled in time. Nature prevails once again, she replenishes both herself and the spirit of those upon her. And for me, rationality has prevailed once again.  I, with rushing spirit and unconquerable indomitablity, and a MAJOR surge of caffeine, forth into the unknown, I ride the winds of creation into a new age, one of competetion not of feats of strength and show, but of the minds, where thought is the strongest weapon, and thoughts gauge themselves in power with each mind. Together, they are weapons of feared power, or they are unstable, as atoms, fickle bonds apt to split in seconds.  I feel the warm coils of my mentality slide back into place. Now with the surging thoughts and enforced spirit  I am  invincible .