         Today was also cool. It took long enough to get that way.  It was deemed, as I woke, that we would be two hours late. This is gay, though I, as I took my shower and sat around. I entered in  Khronos  into my WinMedia database and played some guitar, also took some time to listen to those wonderful satanic ballads. Then, our despair closed in as, despite a profuse and deep iced rain, they would not call us even and let us out.   So we were walking out the door when, for the fifth time that morning, we got a call. My grandmother had the guile to inform us that school was out. Preposterous, we said, we checked it just five minutes ago. LIAR. Although channel three was a black screen, and we assumed they were changing it so that, just secretly, we agreed with our grandmother that they really  did  close it. The first channel we came to said au contraire, still two hours late.   After much of this lollygagging, I just said, "Turn it to channel three again,", where we were greeted with the much-loved "Get the FUCK outta here!" sign/"School is closed for Wednesday, February 26, 2003" Powerpoint slide. That was enough for us.  I called my cousin, who was expecting us any minute and shouted the good news. He called back about two seconds later, shouting every blasphemy possible against the school system, with which I shouted all the ones he missed. Then Alex called and I put off the session, I suppose, at the very moment, as my mom wouldn't drive that far in the ice, despite how little ice it was. I went to Seth's to play the updated Counterstrike. We played that stuff alllllllll day, then we played Team Fortress and kicked ass/got our asses kicked on there. We cooked a pizza, and just as it was done, my mom called and says "We're getting Nick and Jerry's (or some two names, it just really good pizza that you have to cook yourself, youse goys know what it is), you guys want some?" And Seth was preaching the goodness of those pizza persons, so we put the cooked pizza in the 'fridge and waited for mother. Then we had some of that pizza which was really good, and I went home.  So I go up to my room and started typing a George Washington Carver essay, I got it done for the most part, and I started reading. Then I felt more tired than I ever have in my life, I think. I put down the book and passed out for about three hours. When I woke up, I hear the phone ring about five times. I didn't even budge, I just pick'd up the book and went back to reading. I went downstairs later, where I heard dinner was being made; then I took control of the computer and here I am, typing this completely pointless essay on my life. I just wanted to type a bit. I'm probably just going to go back to sleep in a minute, I'm serious. I think I have lethargy disorder; it was brought to my attention as I noted my nap from yesterday.   So *yawn* all. And tons of scary shit this weekend.   It makes me hope we lose.