         POOR BASTARD LYRICS   Blood Brothers  by Papa Roach  Watch your back because the next man is comin' And you don't know if the next man is dumbin' Survival of the fit is what it is I got your back you got my back and that's the biz Blood is rushing through my veins I got the power Channel the energy and with my strength I will devour Sickening thoughts are running through my head That's when I realized I'm glad I'm not dead  Corruption and abuse The salesmen of our blood For the public's craving Existence in the dark  It's in our nature to destroy ourselves It's in our nature to kill ourselves It's in our nature to kill each other It's in our nature to kill kill kill  It was a dream and then it hit me, reality struck And now my life is all shifty and it all moves fast Close to a buck fifty, we all stand strong In respect to the family in the times of Enemity, and through world of profanity I describe my dysfunction family Blood brothers keep it real til the end Deeper than the thought you think, not a trend  Corruption and abuse  The salesmen of our blood For the public's craving Existence in the dark  It's in our nature to destroy ourselves It's in our nature to kill ourselves It's in our nature to kill each other It's in our nature to kill kill kill It's in our nature to destroy ourselves It's in our nature to kill ourselves It's in our nature to kill each other It's in our nature to kill kill kill Again and again  Corruption and abuse The salesmen of our blood For the public's craving Existence in the dark  It's in our nature to destroy ourselves It's in our nature to kill ourselves It's in our nature to kill each other It's in our nature to kill kill kill kill kill Kill kill kill kill kill Kill kill kill kill kill Kill kill kill kill kill Kill kill kill  It's in our nature to destroy ourselves It's in our nature to kill ourselves It's in our nature to kill each other It's in our nature to kill    Pertinence  : The theme song of Tin Haven, of Rosie's depression fits, and my love life. The chorus says it all, "it's in our nature to kill ourselves". First utilized in a fit of extreme anger.    Hey Jealousy  by Gin Blossoms  Tell me do you think it'd be alright If I could just crash here tonight You see I'm in no shape for driving Anyway I've got no place to go And you know it might not be that bad You were the best I ever had If I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago I might not be alone  Tomorrow we could drive around this town And let the cops chase us around  The past is gone but something might be found To take its place Hey jealousy Hey jealousy, hey jealousy, hey jealousy  And you can judge me not to think And not to sleep around And if you don't expect too much from me You might not be let down Cuz all I really want's to be with you Feeling like I matter too If I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago I might be here with you  Tomorrow we could drive around this town And let the cops chase us around The past is gone but something might be found To take its place Hey jealousy  Tomorrow we could drive around this town And let the cops chase us around The past is gone but something might be found To take its place Hey jealousy Hey jealousy, hey jealousy, hey jealousy  Tell me do you think it'd be alright If I could just crash here tonight You see I'm in no shape for driving Anyway I got no place to go And you know it might not be that bad You were the best I ever had If I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago I might not be alone  Tomorrow we could drive around this town And let the cops chase us around The past is gone but something might be found To take its place Hey jealousy  Hey jealousy Well she took my heart There's only one thing I couldn't start    Pertinence  : Firstly, the Blossoms put me in a good mood all the time, and secondly, the line "If I hadn't blown the whole thing years ago, I might be here with you" applied to my struggles with Leigh Anne, thinking that I was an asshole before and that's why she hated me now.    Sorrowful Farewell  by Rotting Christ  Counting the time Waiting for the crime A loss of innocence A faint reminiscence I am into a light Surrounded by the night Their memory's been disgraced The scene is still unchanged  I praise the song of defeat I am the bottom, and he's the summit A sorrowful farewell Where does salvation, does salvation dwell?  I keep still I'm trying to feel The hate that's within you I'm going to win you I was mistaken I was forgotten Unbroken silence Absolute violence  I praise the song of defeat I am the bottom and he's the summit A sorrowful farewell Where does salvation, does salvation dwell?  The time is near The message is clear The battle will be fought Fight now, fear not  Counting the time Waiting for the crime A loss of innocence A faint reminiscence I am into a light Surrounded by the night Their memory's been disgraced The scene is still unchanged  I praise the song of defeat I am the bottom and he's the summit A sorrowful farewell Where does salvation, does salvation dwell?    Pertinence  : It was mostly a rocking song and I needed one badly at the time. The vocals suck ass, but they really preached to my anger. Also, the line "I am the bottom and he's the summit", probably a reference to some demon in this case, spoke to me as, "this is what you are, that is what you could be, this is how you can get there, and this is what it's going to take".   For Whom The Bell Tolls  by Metallica  Make his fight on the hill in the early day Constant chill deep inside Shouting gun, on they run through the endless grey On they fight, for they're right? Yes, but who's to say For a hill men would kill, why? They do not know Stiffened wounds test their pride Men of five still alive through the raging glow Gone insane from this pain that they surely know  For whom the bell tolls Time marches on For whom the bell tolls  Take a look to the sky just before you die It's the last time you will Blackened roar, massive roar fills the crumbling sky Shattered goal fills his soul with a ruthless cry Stranger now are his eyes to this mystery Hears the silence so loud Crack of dawn all is gone, except the will to be Now they see what will be, blinded eyes to see  For whom the bell tolls  Time marches on For whom the bell tolls    Pertinence  : None, really. I picked up  Ride the Lightning  at the middle/end of December, and listened to it again, it reminded of the severe but serene loneliness I had when I first started listening to Metallica, so what A GREAT IDEA listening to music that depresses us. YES.    All I Want  by Toad the Wet Sprocket  Nothing's so loud As hearing when we lie Truth is not kind And you said neither am I And the air outside so soft Is saying everything Everything  All I want is to feel this way To be this close, to feel the same All I want is to feel this way The evening speaks, I feel insane  Nothing so cold As closing hard when all we need is To free this hole But we wouldn't be that brave I know  And the air outside so soft Confessing everything Everything  All I want is to feel this way To be this close, to feel the same All I want is to feel this way The evening speaks, I feel insane  And it won't matter now Whatever happens will be For the air speaks of all we'll never be You won't trouble me  All I want is to feel this way To be this close, to feel the same All I want is to feel this way The evening speaks I feel insane To feel so close Let it take me in Let it hold me so I can feel insane    Pertinence  : One of the few songs I think as beautiful, this song. It's haunting. I listened to it a long time ago, picked it up again in mid-December. And "You won't trouble me" was my favorite line when I started listening to it again, guess why...    Hold Me Down  by Gin Blossoms  So I guess I must have just been dreaming  When I thought I heard myself say no  Anyway it looks like no one heard me  So here I go  Cause when you're in the company of strangers Or just the strangers you call friends  You know before you start just how it's  Going to end   When the doors swing open  And all the drinks are passed around  Anytime the pickins look too easy  Hold me down   I can't remember why I like this feeling  When it only seems to let me down  Soon I find I'm searching for the exit  From the ground  If I think the room is turning faster  Then I think the music is too loud  By then I've lived another broken story  To let me down   When those doors swing open  And all the drinks are passed around  When half the party moves into the bathroom  Hold me down  Or if you're at the tail end of the evening  And Dr. Feelgood comes around  Anytime the pickins look too easy  Hold me down   Down if I want that part  Down if I've gone too far   Well I guess I must have just been reeling  When I felt myself begin to fall I realize I'm bounding down the hallways  And off the walls  If my bed was standing in the corner  I could just fall into it right now  And know that I'd just be staring at the ceiling  Going round   When those doors swing open  And all the drinks are passed around  Anytime the pickins look too easy  Hold me down  Down if I want that part Down if I've gone too far    Pertinence  : It's a happy song about drinking and partying. That's why it's so great. Picked up about the end of November, along with  Lost Horizons  and  Until I Fall Away .    Poem  by Taproot  Overbearing panic attack Entrenching my veins In an hour I'll be ok And pray this pain will go away Permanently someday  I've seen more than I should have to I've seen this on my own  This song is a poem to myself It helps me to live In case of fire Break the glass And move on into your own Your own  Reoccuring drowning effect Entrench my brain I hope you'll be ok someday So I can say That you moved on in the right way  We've seen this and We've breathed this and We've lived this on our own  This song is a poem to myself It helps me to live In case of fire Break the glass  And move on into your own This song is a poem to myself It helps me to live In case of fire Break the glass  And move on into your own Your own, your own  Break  This song is a poem to myself It helps me to live In case of fire Break the glass  And move on into your own This song is a poem to myself It helps me to live In case of fire Break the glass  And move on into your own Your own, your own, your own    Pertinence  : Well, their "pain" sounds pop-theme inspired, and that's how I always felt mine was, just drawing off things I've seen. And that's why I connected with this song. Picked up at the first of January.    Died  by Alice in Chains  I could climb until I reached where angels reside Ask around to find out where the junkie apply You just up and left me on this rock all alone It's my fault for knowing not what I should have known  Oh, my heart is tired of beating slow It's been deflating since you  Died Died You died You died  I could drop until I touched a sinister side Visit all attractions slipping back at a slide Still you leave me rotting on this rock all alone It's my fault for knowing not what I should have known  Oh, my heart is tired of beating slow It's been deflating since you  Died Died You died You died  Oh, my heart is tired of beating slow It's been deflating since you  Died Died You died You died Died Died You died You died  I could climb until I reached where angel reside I could drop until I touched a sinister side  Oh, my heart is tired of beating slow It's been deflating since you  Died Died  You died You died Died Died You died You died    Pertinence  : It's a cool song, it was the anthem of my headbangage at the beginning of August when all the weird stuff was happening. That was when the depresion first started, I think, and this song made it worse, but I listened to it anyway. And now's it just hardcore    Lost Horizons  by Gin Blossoms  The last horizons I can see Are filled with bars and factories And in them all we fight to stay awake  I'd drink enough of anything To make this world look new again I'm drunk drunk drunk in the gardens and the graves  She had nothing left to say So she said she loved me And I stood there grateful for the lie  I'd drink enough of anything To make this world look new again I'm drunk drunk drunk in the gardens and the graves  Turns summer trees to bones and ice Turn insect songs against the night With words we build and words we break I'm drunk drunk drunk in the gardens and the graves  Maybe I could use you To reassure myself I wouldn't wish this indecision On anybody else I'd drink enough of anything To make this world look new And when the sin smiles How can it be wrong  The last horizons I can see Are now resigned to memories I never thought I'd still be here today  I'd drink enough of anything To make myself look new again I'm drunk drunk drunk in the gardens and the graves    Pertinence  : Picked up the day before Thanksgiving, I was sitting there listening to this, driving by the Capitol park, and thinking, "what the hell am I doing to myself", whereafter things worked out. I credit this song with the inspiration to say all the right things.    Until I Fall Away  by Gin Blossoms  I wanna tell if I am or I am not myself It's hard to know how far or if at all to go I've waited far too long for something I forgot was wrong  I don't know all the answers Things that I'll find Won't have it within the time But it's all that I'll have in mind  Until I fall away That won't keep us waiting long Until I fall away I don't know what to do anymore Until I fall away  My fear, pretend, that I'll never be in love again It's real to me, but not like these fools and not like this scene I won't find, or have it within the time  If it's all rusted and fade in the spot where we fell Where I thought I'd left behind And it's loose now but we could try  Until I fall away That won't keep us waiting long Until I fall away I don't know what to do anymore Until I fall away  When there's no good answer To those new questions Another personal disaster There's nowhere to go but down  Until I fall away That won't keep us waiting long  Until I fall away I don't know what to do anymore Until I fall away...    Pertinence  : UMMMM. Read the song again, please? Manic depressive central, holding on to a dream that's fading. Picked up at the same time as  Lost Horizons  and  Hey Jealousy , I actually did an acoustic cover of this song that turned out pretty good. The only song that ever puts my depression in words.    Chemical Tribe  by Jerry Cantrell  If I live so long To see 'em droppin' bombs Rather have you near Check out what comes after here Ah here What comes after here  Generation turned a chemical tribe Don't really care if we live or die Generation turned a chemical tribe It's a lie and it's no surprise, die  Let the black odds roll Why we can't tell Crawl inside Rolling over, is this hell? Is this hell?  Generation turned a chemical tribe Don't really care if we live or die Generation turned a chemical tribe It's a lie I can tell you why  No last supper rite Bitchslapped 'fore you reached the table Born in ending times Leaning more toward Cain than Able No last supper rite Bitchslapped 'fore you reach the table Born in ending times Possibly more truth than fable  Generation turned a chemical tribe Generation turned a chemical tribe Generation turned a chemical tribe Generation turned a chemical tribe It's alive, so say goodbye  No last supper rite Bitchslapped 'fore you reached the table Born in ending times Leaning more toward Cain than Able No last supper rite Bitchslapped 'fore you reach the table Born in ending times Possibly more truth than fable No last supper rite Bitchslapped 'fore you reached the table Born in ending times Leaning more toward Cain than Able  Bitchslapped 'fore you reach the table Could it be more truth than fable?    Pertinence  : It's a really scary song. I was listening to it in those dark endless days in October or so, when we all went to Firehouse that one time, that was about when I was listening to it. And it was killing me because it made me feel like dying, and got me really afraid for some reason, but I could never put it down. And now it just sounds cool.    Dam That River  by Alice in Chains  I clothed you in the canyon I drowned you in the lake You would think that I would tremble Only thing I'd not embrace  Oh you couldn't dam that river And maybe I don't give a damn anyway So you couldn't dam that river And it washed me so far away  I pushed and then you stumbled I kicked you in the face You stared at me so humble Got to keep that killing pace  Oh you couldn't dam that river And maybe I don't give a damn anyway So you couldn't dam that river And it washed me so far away  I burned the place around you I hit you with a rake You piss upon my candle So proving you're a fake  Oh you couldn't dam that river And maybe I don't give a damn anyway So you couldn't dam that river And it washed me so far away    Pertinence  : A hard hitting song, it came to me at the midst of August when I started having problems with my parents. There's nothing like listening to this song and kicking your door in, which I did. Plus, the line "You piss upon my candle"...wonder where I got it from now?    Mrs. Rita  by Gin Blossoms  I can see it in her letters On the paper with her pen Her response is getting stranger Think she's coming 'round again So tell me Mrs. Rita What's it say in my tarot Read my palm and tell me Why do lovers come and go  Is she comin' 'round for me once again Around, or was that the end and I just hope she's coming 'round again  Well I've been keeping myself busy With my books and with my tapes And everyday's much better Since I've slowed my drinking pace There's no swimmin' in the bottle It's just someplace we all drown And I lost myself in sorrow I lost my confidence in doubt  Is she comin' 'round for me once again Around, or was that the end and I just hope she's comin' 'round again  Get in the car and drive to town Down the block and back around Pretending that she's there with me, we drive Gone forever  Well my patience keeps me plaintive My high hopes keep me alone My lover's will is shakin' I wish she would just come home So tell me Mrs. Rita What's it say in my tarot Read my palm and tell me Why do lovers come and go  Is she comin' 'round for me once again Around, or was that the end and I just hope she's comin' 'round again Is she comin' 'round for me once again Around, or was that the end and I just hope she's comin' 'round again  I just hope she's comin' 'round I just hope she's comin' 'round I just hope she's comin' 'round I just hope she's comin' 'round I just hope she's comin' 'round I just hope she's comin' 'round I just hope she's comin' 'round    Pertinence  : When I started to figure out, "hey, I dunno what it's like to love someone like this", this song came into play. Me wondering if I was doing anything right, and starting in on the depression again, looking for an answer when there isn't one.    I'm With You  by Avril Lavigne  I'm standing on a bridge  I'm waitin' in the dark  I thought that you'd be here by now  There's nothing but the rain  No footsteps on the ground  I'm listening but there's no sound   Isn't anyone tryin' to find me Won't somebody come take me home   It's a damn cold night  Trying to figure out this life  Won't you take me by the hand  Take me somewhere new  I dont know who you are  But I I'm with you   I'm looking for a place  Searching for a face  Is anybody here I know  Cuz nothing's going right  And everything's a mess  And no one likes to be alone   Isn't anyone tryin' to find me Won't somebody come take me home   It's a damn cold night  Trying to figure out this life  Won't you take me by the hand  Take me somewhere new  I don't know who you are  But I I'm with you   Oh, why is everything so confusing  Maybe I'm just out of my mind  Yea, yea, yea, yea, yeah   It's a damn cold night  Trying to figure out this life  Won't you take me by the hand  Take me somewhere new  I don't know who you are  But I  I'm with you, I'm with you   Take me by the hand  Take me somewhere new  I don't know who you are  But I I'm with you, I'm with you  Take me by the hand  Take me somewhere new  I don't know who you are  But I I'm with you, I'm with you, I'm with you    Pertinence  : It's just a really peaceful song, the first time I heard it, it got stuck in my head. Yeah yeah, she's a poser, but the song is still nice. And I said it was going to go somewhere, I had a lot of space left over, so I stuck it in. Picked up about three days ago from this post.    Got Me Wrong  by Alice in Chains  Yeah, it goes away All of this and more of nothing in my life No color clay Individuality not safe  As of now I think you've got me wrong So I'm sure you run from something strong  I can't let go Threadbare tapestry unwinding slow Feel a tortured brain Show your belly like you want me to  As of now I bet you got me wrong So I'm sure we reach for something strong I haven't felt like this in so long Wrong, innocence too far gone from love That don't last forever Something's gotta turn out right  You, sugar taste Sweetness doesn't often touch my face Stay if you please You may not be here when I leave  As of now I think you got me wrong So I'm sure we reach for something strong I haven't felt like this in so long Wrong, innocence too far gone from love Strong, I haven't felt like this in so long Wrong, innocence too far gone from love That don't last forever Something's gotta turn out right    Pertinence  : Well, this song is about me, I think. "You've got me wrong", I think I was really misunderstood during the "bleeding months", like why I was killing myself over shit that was well within my control. And "reach for something strong", find another thing to solve my problems, like talking to others about it, to find that ultimate "answer". "I can't let go"...:Individuality not safe". A good summary of my changing personality during the last six months.   Happy Happy Joy Joy  by Wax  Happy happy joy joy...  Hello boys and girls, this is your old pal Stinky Whizzleteets, and this is a song about a whale! No! This is a song about being happy! That's right! It's the "Happy Happy Joy Joy" song.  Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy joy  Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy joy Joy  Happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy joy Joy  I don't think you're happy enough I'll teach you to be happy And I'll teach your grandma to suck eggs  Now, boys and girls Let's try again  You are granted that we're all liars The little critters of nature They don't know that they're ugly  That's very funny  Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy Happy happy joy joy joy  JOY Hey hey hey  Happy Joy Happy Joy Happy Joy  You are granted that we're all liars The little critters of nature They don't know that they're ugly  That's very funny  Happy Joy Happy, joy, happy Joy  Like a fly marrying a bumblebee I told you to shoot but you wouldn't believe me Why didn't you believe me? WHY? Why didn't you believe me? AUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH    Pertinence  : This is mostly for Kenzie, it's the funniest song ever. We were both sorta depressed and talking about cartoons, and I mentioned I had this CD with  Happy Happy Joy Joy  on it. So I went and got it, and listened to it...GOD. The end is the best part, the little "AUUUUGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH" is quite possibly the greatest part of any song, ever. We listened to it about 130495243750475294 times and were feeling much better after it. Picked up at the midst of January.    My Solution  by Stranglebox  Asylum was the answer The opened doors and let me in And told me time was not unmaking  They told me I could finally win I seek now retribution Raised my eyes and then I saw The steel and lonesome of my prison Bang my head against the stone cold floor  Now that there is no good escape Now that there's nothing more than just walking far away Now that there is no level plane My solution, sell my soul to the end and fade me away  Silence now my reason I sat alone inside myself I gave the all that I had in me They stole my life and gave me hell Addiction was the cancer And God, the price I paid And slowly dying I surrendered My poisoned soul as it fades to gray  Now that there is no good escape Now that there's nothing more than just walking far away Now that there is no level plane My solution, sell my soul to the end and fade me away, yeah  Now that there is no good escape Now that there's nothing more than just walking far away Now that there is no level plane My solution, sell my soul to the end and fade me away  Now that there is no good escape Now that there's nothing more than just walking far away Now that I've laid my life to waste My solution, sell my soul to the end and fade me away My solution, I'm gonna find out the only way to escape And my solution, that I break free from the cage    Pertinence  : Well, one part of the story is, I wrote it. And the other part is, it happened to me. This is the summary of rejection and depression throughout the span of these six months, and I called it  My Solution . It's about suicide, if you haven't noticed. Being trapped to one part of myself and finding no other way to leave it, knowing what is wrong for me, and doing it anyway. This is the song I wrote for just that, for just not making the cut, for just not being on the level to get what I wanted. And the only way to get myself away from it was to end myself.  The song was written in early September and finished in October or November. It took a few months of work to nail, and it was a really agonizing process. After that, we took a long break; we're back now recording  Little Rhyme , still getting it down, along with  Bitter  and  After Memory Has Faded . It should be finished sometime at the end of summer, there's going to be about a session a day then.  Don't ask how long this took. Suffice to say, HOURS.   Enjoy when you get it. I'll put a link in the template to this day so you can go back and read the lyrics in the future.  Whoo.