         This is an account of my last night, as told by myself, who would be the greatest source of knowledge on such a subject:  The car ride home was a four year old talking to his mother. My chatter was incessant, the fever of "hurdle-jumping", finally facing a long awaited day of judgment, still burning in my head. On and on about our performance, what we had done, what was truly brilliant, what I had done, every aspect of our victory, our miraculous performance; strangely nothing of the Instant Challenge past "it was impossible but we made it", thus securing my vow of secrecy.  And the ride ran on for what seemed like not long enough, there was still far more to tell about, a thousand thousand wonders not yet embarked upon rolling about my tongue, and I langoured to spit them all out and watch them dance about and to let everyone share my joy at felling the giant. However, considering that I would be zoned for Centennial had I not been cheating the Board, as I will be until the end of this year when they change the state to open-zoning, the ride was  ultimately  abrupt. A few miles straight down the road and I was home, still talking about "going to state" or "yeah, well the 'TT' on my back means...". I unlocked the door and burst inside, positively throwing myself at my two dogs anxiously awaiting their mother, and were not in the least disappointed at this surprising spasm of attention. After a minute of this, and calming mine and my mother's laughter, I stood up and went to the computer and typed several posts of our victory on the various BLogs to which I am subscribed that were appropriate as for such.   And then it all went down. The facade of energy and motivation for the day, the quick mind, the supple wit, the burning spirit, the mind intuned to one goal, all sank back into the dark places of my mentality and I was a common, fifteen-year-old boy again. Caffeine became a dull and worthless substance, I had just finished a Coke, and even after this and the one before I succumbed to sleep, I was  tired . I also gained a massive hunger, as the adrenaline faded into weariness and human need, as the "Id" took over, and I devoured some leftovers in the fridge, possibly faster than I have ever eaten, even in down times after Taekwondo tournaments when I was younger, and once I had believed that those were the most nerve-wracking feats I had ever undertaken.  I talked to my mother for a while as the both of us watched TV, a absolutely lurid show about mortuary school on Discovery or TLC, and remembered a song that I had not quite forgotten that morning, one which stuck in my head as I woke, one that abbated the primal urges to howl in fear and aprrehension, as a caged dog in a place of foul scents. I remembered that I had been singing what I knew of that song to myself and it made me stronger, somehow, a great wall against the deluge of Noah and his ark.   " I remember you...do you remember me too?...'Cuz I would give everything that I own, give you the skin and this flesh and these bones, the sun, the moon, the earth and sky, I never even stopped to wonder why... "  And I had a great desire to find that song and the words and learn it and play it and sing it to myself, because for just a few hours, the song had  inspired  me to do great things, and not even in physical manifest, but things inside myself that surprised even me. Things that made me sit and the awards ceremony last night and wonder, " How? This isn't like me ."  It took two hours, because the lyrics are a bit trite, and the internet is full of scamming fools and false promises and broken things long forgotten. When I did find it I nearly shouted, in fact I believe I did. The song is, of course, called  Everything , and the artist, which I somehow knew as I typed the words into the last search box of the night, is Lit. I ran up the stairs and sang to the chordings (which were simple enough for me to pick out in a literal fifteen seconds) until my fretboard fingers began to redden with blood. I put the guitar down and set to reading. Then the world rocked me a hazy blow. I felt the dark circles under my eyes and the emptied will, and, nearly throwing the book down, I slept.   Awake . A small needle pushed its way into my arm. I sprang into wakeness in an instant at my attacker, and again the primal survival urge kicked it, the want to be not eaten in sleep. But still, my vision swam with shadows of juxtaposing dark with dark, and the world was a stream of Stygian night, a devil's soul blackness. And then a sandpaper upon my cheek, now my lips,  scratch, scratch  it said. I knew what it was, then, I knew, but I had to turn on the light anyway, to sate my curiosity.  Camille sat on my chest with all claws bared, especially happy to have finally received recognition for her prescence. She flitted happily around for a while, and I was annoyed to be forced to content my new visitor, but I was nevertheless, forced. Cats have a strange way of demanding your attention and getting it, no matter what they do. But sleep in us all is stronger than the hand of Prime Movers Unmoved, and darkness overcame once again. This scene repeated itself multitudinously during the starlight hours, but eventually I shrugged her off to the point that her cat lusts of "mememe" died within her, and she curled upon the bed and slept.  I woke this morning to ragged thoughts of " If only... "...   If only I hadn't stopped Rosie from giving me the ring and went on with the skit. Better that than the alternative...which we got...   They died in my head pretty quickly. I felt like a great iron box had fallen on me from a thousand foot tower. I sat inert for a while, and after an hour I had the gumption to sit up and read for a time. I turned the page, the pain in my head subsided, I turned the page, my blurred thoughts refocused, I turned the page, I remembered the triumph over misgiving from the day before, and I was moved to grin, albeit wolfishly, or so I thought to myself. And again and again, a turn, a new sensation, until I was assaulted with the full of my humanity and stood, taking a shaky step away from the bed to the window, awed at the sunstruck horizon, the sun that had not passed my eyes for two weeks.  Later on I would be typing an earlier part of this post and looking outside. There, I saw the ground turn from it's now-common gray shade to illuminated beige and green, crab grass and the sweet, common blades that decorated the scattered pate of the planet, and I rose as if by magic toward the door, I was drifting outside, hoping that the sun would last for just another second, I saw the clouds assaulting her again, threatening to shroud that wonderful lantern of day. I threw the door open and stepped outside.  It was a world of brightness and wonder. Wonder, I wondered at the blurred sun piercing a thin veil of clouds and I was blinded, but I was rejoicing in the coming of the sun, a touch of this galaxy's organic lifeforce once again, the monkey-urges satisfied for a time, and despite the sordid drops of rain, small and wide-spread, smiting my shoulders sporadically, muffled, a  pop , and upon my still-duct-taped shoes,  plick, plick , the invisible droplets heeding the call of their master, the veiled sky, to attack the hopes of humanity, the faintest and somehow most important need, to see the sun, to see that their hope had not yet died and that the sun had not yet quit a dying age of humanity. I saw it and felt it, and somehow a part of me long dead sprang into being, as, I think, it did to us all.  It was hope.