         Self-help books.  I never thought I would read one. And here I am doing as such. The book is called  Rapid Relief from Emotional Distress , and I must say, this book is golden. I would suggest this to anyone, even those not under any mental duress: their technique in making you feel better is almost instantly effective. I've only read about thirty pages and I already feel so much different about everything. It works on you all the time, as well. For instance, I took a nap today after reading a bit of the book, and when I woke up, I had forgotten that anything was ever wrong. It was as if all the emotional disquietude I've been through in the past few months just evaporated.  This book has taught me an important concept: you are both directly and indirectly responsible for everything that you feel, and that you must accept reality before  anything  else. Experience the emotion, remember it, let it go. It sounds like a lot of psychological horseshit, I know, but I know they can't be wrong. How is this? They tell stories in there about failed relationships and insecurities, and guess whose they described? To a tee, my entire relationship problem in three pages, why I feel the way I do, how I react to it, what I should do against it.  The main problem I have, and the thing that it described that made me believe it, was its illustration of the want of the depressed subject to want others to change, or to want themselves to change, or their situation. Whatever the case, they want changes which they cannot have, and thus are more depressed against it. It was then they went into accepting reality and such as being the first step, and then making choices and acting on them, creating a vision of a goal and then making the necessary steps to get there. And if you ever get depressed again, they have a ton of thing to do to get yourself out of it and back on track.  I can't believe I could ever even consider the subject material within as relevant, ever. I would usually think of it as brain discoloring shrink jargon, but for some reason, this book makes things so easy to understand. And since I have about three people in line to read it already, you can tell how much I've been talking about it elsewhere.   Strangely, the best book I've read in years.