         I  did  get  A Dead Poem  today.  And now the talent show tryouts post-slaughter report.  1 busted kick drum, which Kcin happened to kick through right before tryouts; we remedied this by giving him ours for lend. 2 bottles of PowerAde, given by a faulty machine after inserting one dollar into the machine, pressing the button for a water, and getting two PowerAdes 3 times  My Solution  was rehearsed before we actually went on 4 hours we waited to perform after our scheduled time; of twenty-seven acts, we were last 5 acts to go before I realized "hey, I've got to sing in front of these people", and started getting scared Ok, enough of this hard "by numbers" diatribe... 3 sets of strings bought in preparation for the talent show 1000: the number of times I wanted to punch in the face of the band before us, for being a dickhead 10000: the number of keys Rosie hit by the end of her piece 100000: the magnitude of my current headache 4 squares of toilet paper 10 ear plugs made from this toilet paper 1 long strand of TP that got stuck to my foot while leaving the stall moments before we were to go on 30 minutes behind schedule we were (of course, from the accumulated time, you can see that this wasn't such a bad thing) 3: current number of groupies, after the two in the hall talking about us jamming on Rotting Christ's  Sorrowful Farewell , they are officially groupies, and Rosie. And probly Kenzie and all of her friends and Leigh Anne and Lily. So more, althought they aren't signed groupies yet 96+: the number of decibles over I was the first two times we played  My Solution , which Tyler's dad helped us clean up 96-: the level of the mic, that was helpful 7: the number of extraneous songs we played, including  Sorrowful Farewell ,  Higher ,  Bad Religion , and  Little Rhyme  99999: the number of steps I took during the course of the evening 1: the number of times I expelled breath during the course of the evening 1/2: the number of times my heart has chanced a beat since the beginning of the evening 1 pair of shades lost to the ISS room 2 bottles of PowerAde fully consumed by the band -99999 as the efficiency of my muscles 1 wreck almost had on the way home by an asshole cutting in for a left turn as I was going straight, he going to a McDonald's, that lousy fucker One whole as the amount of Biology report I've yet to do 0 as my motivation for this and any other forms of work But 999999999999999999999999 for energy prior to this point, as I was in a combat fervor  It was really cool walking down the silent halls of BHS jumping to touch the low ceilings, laughing and doing whatever the hell we felt like. Mostly, we made sure we had fun before we went on: we watched a few acts, we talked about stuff, we made fun of the other bands, we practiced, we watched Rosie tinker upon the piano, we watched Michael Nixon and Chip Adcock playing an acoustic version of  In The End  by Linkin Park, we scrambled to get set up, we got killer headaches and lost half our hearing, but overall it was probably one of the greatest nights I've had since the DI meeting. And now the long wait until tomorrow, wherefore we see who gets cut...  God help us. Good luck to Rosie and Nick and his band.  And good luck to us too.