         French...  Well it wasn't a total waste of time. Today I cooked "Quiche Lorraine" for Food Day tomorrow in sixth period. It turned out pretty good sans a few grevious errors; forgetting to put ingredience in the batter, getting absolutely devastated by a giant greasy blast of bacon and dropping the fork in the batter, forgetting the method with which to beat eggs: I fry mine most of the time, no violence involved. Then the bacon got a little done, but somehow that was "ok" according to my mom. Cheese, everywhere. Onions, everywhere: by the time I was done chopping them my eyes were watering terribly, and while putting them in the measuring cup, I missed entirely in some cases. The salt...I put a "dash" as I thought it had said; upon further inspection, the guide said "3/4 teaspoon". Great, I already applied the dash. And what worse, no three-fourths teaspoons. So I whipped out the good old third grade math and put those 1/2s and 1/4s together. It's baking now; I think it turned out pretty darned good.  As for me, I am tired. I went shopping. It was  hell . Actually, it wasn't that bad. I got a sleeveless shirt that is extremely comfortable, and it goes with all these shorts I bought (try, three pairs of those evil suckers). Plus this quiche, wearing me out, and I have about three years of European History to catch up on...and I don't mean in the book either, I have about twenty there.   I also did dissections in biology today, to a gigantic earthworm. In reality, it was about five and a half inches long, and made gross noises and Steven and I razor-bladed it and pinned down the sides. After the fact, we played with the dissect corpse a bit, and found that we had burst the seminal receptacles, where sperm is stored, and it covered the heart of the thing. We asked the teacher what the hell was wrong with our worm, is it heartless? No, she said, it's got jizz all over it. I was able to clear some of it away with my probe and we prodded at the arches a little bit. Then we prodded the gizzard, which is muscular and filled with sand, and it's really fun to poke. Steven tried to cut it open but without much success. Another kid came over and started dropping parts of the worm on our dissection plate: first, the skin on the posterior end, then, the entire intestine, then, a semen-covered ganglia, or brain. Thereafter we had fun with the lower intestine and anus, but I won't go in to that. As if I should have given all the detail I've already given. But it was interesting, Rosie was right. I won't have such misgivings tearing that little piggy fetus to bits. Except for the bones, gross.  Wow, from food to juicy animal corpses, aren't I a toastmaster?   And in other news, leaving for Florida the day after tomorrow! I'm stoked. Sunny days chasing the clouds away...   Oscar the Grouch is the greatest character on that show, by the way.