         Heh, another good run.  I got back a while ago, and so I ran in the dark for my mile and a half. I'm sweating like crazy; today I ran a lot faster than yesterday. It was really nice outside, and some houses were giving off some wonderful and strange smells...laundry perhaps? One of them smelled like the inside of the Nashville Main Library, and I like the way that place smells, so it was a nice run, overall.  And also, while running, I concieved several songs, one named after my partner in this run, thus the song is called  The Night . I also wrote a few more songs:  92 ,  Close My Eyes ,  Redblood ,  Hellshined ,  The Wailing Wall , and  You'll Never Know . It was something else, having such a creativity spree. There isn't anything quite like touching pen to paper and watching everything you want to come out, actually come out. Sometimes I'll sit there and fumble with words and ideas, never getting a clear picture of what I want. And then, there are times like these when it just happens, my mind clicks and everything is  right  for a second, and it isn't painful to write these songs. A few of those off of  Bitter  and mostly all of the songs on the proposed and scrapped second album,  Oh Morose , were ones where I sat in front of the pad wanting to yell because something in my brain sparks up and it triggers all my depression and unhappiness. These gave exactly the same dose of morosity and darkness of the other songs, minus the whole great payment part.  I'm thinking of calling this next project  Dust & Shadows , because it seems like the most prominent songs of this album were concieved under such circumstances; for instance, we recently had a window cut into a new room on the side of the house. The resultant sawdust landed on the ground in front of the garage and was blown around, forming a perfect 92 in the aggregate. Of course, the song has nothing to do with the dust swirl; rather, the time during which I saw the dust sign, and related its oddness to that point in my life. And shadows...I write most of my songs in the near dark, or work them out in my brain right before I doze off every night, or while running or sitting outside after the sun goes down, or while sitting under a tree and whatnot.  These new songs have a lot less to do with loss like the first set does and more with the feeling depression gives, especially  Hellshined  and  Close My Eyes . What a relief to know that I can still write and keep my sanity.