         Well guys, I tell you now: I am more tired than ever.  Yes, the dreams again. Still I've constantly got them. They feature people in my everyday-thoughts: it's just that as the dreams progress, they metamorphisize, something about them changes. They grow slits for eyes, they become dismembered. Either this, or they have subtle changes: their hair gets longer, their eyes change color, their height changes. Something always changes. And always, something in the dream is not as it is supposed to be; rather, it defies my everyday outlook upon these same people: for example, people whom I see to be talkative and generally like me become withdrawn and quiet, and it is these that change the most, first with subtlety, and then progressing. Others, whom I see to hate me are my best friends, I've had girlfriends I'd never thought to be as such in these dreams. And it goes the other way too: people I hate, I like them, and vice versa. People die, people get killed in front of me, there tends to be a little shadow that sits in other peoples' shadows and kills them when a conversation or events are starting to get really exciting or someone thinks that they're about to die somehow. And sometimes it's just quiet. And others, it's just standing around talking about random stuff while the people change and other, background people die, or arbitrarily stand there as I and the subject do.  Sorry for drawing this out so much, but these just have to stop. Everytime I wake up from one I sit there and think,  O, it was just a dream , at first, and then I start to think,  Was it? , and that's when the panic starts to set in, and I have to sit in place holding my head and staring out the window, trying to get it out of my brain. Last night's had one good one and three semi-bad ones. The good one had to do with kites and rain and people dressed strangely. The others had to do with that shadow killing off some of my best friends. Yes readers, to sate your curiosity,  all  of you have strangely died in these dreams, they've been going on for the past three weeks or so, and my brain has had enough time to deal a mortal blow to each of you, at least, the ones I know that read this. That, and/or you've been strangely disfigured as the dream goes on, and I must say, you all can turn into some  strange  things.  Cut the shit so I can get some sleep, guys, please? OK, so I'm kidding, it's only mines fault. Just bear with the next few posts, these will go on until the next thing happens, I think, and it always does.   It's never been long before, has it?