         Agh, I had a huge post last night explaining about Poor Bastard 2 last night, then my computer froze. GOD.  I posted the new track list to Poor Bastard 1, which includes Gin Blossoms (a lot of 'em), Rotting Christ, Taproot, Alice in Chains, Metallica, Papa Roach, Nirvana, Wax, myself...mostly Gin Blossoms.  Now the second one, like I was trying to say, is going to have a lot of the stuff I left out the first time.  A few more from  New Miserable Experience ,  Cheatin'  if it's not on this one, and  Cajun Song . Plus one from  Congratulations I'm Sorry ,  Competetion Smile , which I typed down, and NOW IT'S GONE.  And Alice and Metallica, say  We Die Young  or something off of  Sap  or something really hardcore, and  Dirt , of course, for Alice, and  My Friend of Misery  for Metallica, say.  Definitely more Jerry this time,  Give It A Name , and  Dickeye . There are two others that are really good, but I can't stand to listen to them anymore, they get me really depressed for some reason,  Breaks My Back  and  My Song . They're good, but I'm not going to put them on any of these.  I posted Toad once, so I'll put that song on it,  I Will Not Take These Things For Granted . What a change from the other songs, it's... peaceful .  And the Avril Lavigne song,  I'm With You , and Soundgarden's  Outshined .  I wanted to put  Glory of Sadness  by Roting Christ on the first one, but it's long, four minutes of music, like nine minutes of silence, and a weird outro for about two minutes. So I'm going to find a way to cut it down and then I'll put it on there. Plus  Khronos , it's not a lyrically pertinent song, it just makes me feel weird when I listen to it.  If you noticed, the full title of the first one is  Poor Bastard Volume One, August 2002-January 2003 , so that's about six months or so. I probably won't wait that long on the next one, it just depends on how quick I find about sixteen songs that mean something. I really also want to wait 'til Alex and I get  Little Rhyme  recorded, so we can put one of our own on every one of these things... My Solution 's on the first one, the last track because it's SOOOOOOOOO special.  One will be ready as soon as I get to my dad's today.  Well, I was gonna post a ton of those songs and then it bombed, and I really don't want to right now, I have the whole night ahead of me, and it's a free period in school right now.   I will restate my threat, GUNTER I AM GOING TO FUCKING END YOU. You'd reallllllllyyyyyy better apply what you say to yourself before you say it. I called him a dickhead in first today, Rosie comes back and says he said the same about me last night. This dude has too much arrogance blinding him. At least when I'm being an asshole I figure it out eventually. This guy fucking  never  will. I'm not really concerned, it's just the fact that he called me as he did and knows absolutely nothing about me, firstly, nor have I done anything like he's doing. I know his kind well enough, plus his exploits equal asshole, so that's where I get it from.  Why the hell am I wasting my energy...  HEYY it's the 31st today, I thought it was yesterday...heh oops.  Well, I get to go home today and play Counterstrike, that should be fun. Then I get to cry a lil' more here, and burn a few CDs. And other stuff.  I don't have cable at my dad's anymore, him and his bitching about not having money left over after bills, what he has still gets him by, and  trust me , he doesn't NEED anything else, you can find ANYTHING in "The Hole". God, well, he'll get it back in about a week when he realizes how much he misses it.  "I Hate Myself And Want To Die" by Nirvana...what a great song title.  And with this, I bid you adieu.   Cajun Song  by Gin Blossoms  Well she's leaving today I do know So far away I'm feeling so blue and it shows In every single way Once that girl, she was mine For such a short time We used to spend every night Now all I do is cry  They say that you can't miss Something that you've never had So tell me why Why I could feel so bad  Well we used to walk down the path Just like lovers do She'd hold my hands and we'd laugh And I'd stare in her eyes, they were blue Once that girl, she was mine For such a short time We used to spend every night Now all I do is cry  They say that you can't miss Something that you've never had So tell me why Why I could feel so bad Why I could feel so bad Why I could feel so bad   Ok, a little corny, but it's a driving song.   We Die Young  by Alice in Chains Scary's on the wall Scary's on his way Watch where you spit But I'd advise you wait until it's over Then you got hit And you should've know better  And we die young Faster we run  Down down down you're rollin' Watch the blood flood to the muddy sewer Take another hit And bury your brother  And we die young Faster we run  Scary's on the wall Scary's on his way Another alley trip Bullets seek the place to bend you over Then you got hit And you should've know better  Faster we run And we die young   Whee, I'm on a roll.   Competetion Smile  by Gin Blossoms  Looking up I saw nothing but  Blue in the bluest sky And now it's creeping across my eye And falling down in my mind Down in my mind I'm high and I'm hopeless so Help me to get untied Fast asleep now I'm going blind And falling down in my mind Down in my mind just fine  Emulate the style A competetion smile  Now I'm running not looking and Opening up my brain Where it's easy to lose my name Looking dumb in the rain Dumb in the rain I'm hoping you'll notice that No one else helps me grow Oh it's not easy to let you know What I'm dying to show Dying to know you'll know  Pretending all the while A competetion smile  Now I've thrown something far And it haunts me like a curse I'm like a stone falling hard And I'm only getting worse  Looking up I saw nothing but Blue in the bluest sky And now it's creeping across my eye And falling down in my mind Down in my mind I'm high and I'm hopeless so Help me to get untied Fast asleep now I'm going blind And falling down in my mind Down in my mind just fine  Pretending all the while A competetion smile  I'm hiding high I'm hiding high   The story of my life in that song.   Hold Me Down  by Gin Blossoms  So I guess I must have just been dreaming When I thought I heard myself say no Anyway it looks like no one heard me  So here I go Cause when you're in the company of strangers  Or just the strangers you call friends You know before you start just how it's  Going to end  When the doors swing open  And all the drinks are passed around Anytime the pickins look too easy Hold me down  I can't remember why I like this feeling  When it only seems to let me down Soon I find I'm searching for the exit  From the ground If I think the room is turning faster Then I think the music is too loud By then I've lived another broken story to let me down  When those doors swing open  And all the drinks are passed around When half the party moves into the bathroom  Hold me down Or if you're at the tail end of the evening  And Dr. Feelgood comes around Anytime the pickins look too easy Hold me down  Down if I want that part Down if I've gone too far  Well I guess I must have just been reeling When I felt myself begin to fall I realize I'm bounding down the hallways  And off the walls If my bed was standing in the corner  I could just fall into it right now And know that I'd just be staring at the ceiling  Going round  When those doors swing open  And all the drinks are passed around Anytime the pickins look too easy  Hold me down   They're so drunk, I love 'em.   My Friend Of Misery  by Metallica  You just stood there screaming Feeling no one would listen to you They say the empty can rattles the most The sound of your own voice must soothe you Hearing only what you wanna hear And knowing only what you heard You, you're smothered in tragedy And you're off the save the world  Misery You insist that the weight of the world Should be on your shoulders Misery There's much more to life than what you see My friend of misery  You still stood there screaming No one caring about these words you tell My friend, before your voice is gone One man's fun is another's hell These times are sent to try men's souls And something wrong with all you see You, you'll take it on all yourself Remember, misery loves company  Misery You insist that the weight of the world Should be on your shoulders Misery There's much more to life that what you see My friend of misery, my friend of misery  Misery You insist that the weight of the world Should be on your shoulders Misery There's much more to life that what you see My friend of misery  You just stood there screaming, oh My friend of misery   'Tis beautiful.  Motivation is cool.  And that, friends, is the end.