         Heh, Switzerland is cool, my neighbor is from Switzerland.  At least her ancestors were.  I made a post yesterday, but it didn't come through. AGH, there was a great song in there,  Outshined  by Soundgarden. That was how I was feeling yesterday, I'll post it again, it needs to go on PB2. And...umm....  I've got a stupidish song stuck in my head that I'll probably post here (if I can choke down the shame) and put on the second CD, it's an....uh......Avril Lavigne song.....put those rocks down... I'm With You , I feel like I've heard it a long time ago, perhaps some song that someone else did that sounds a lot like it. Or psychic foresight.   I was really tired last night, I shouldn'tve had those two Cokes yesterday. One, en moderato, two, in x s. Sweet.   "Heya Gunter what's going on? crowbarSMACK" FIGHTFIGHTFIGHT  Josh sees the deeper surfaces........Rosie.........so be careful when you say  I'm  wrong about Asshole (capitalized to denote a person). Am I actually good about seeing underlying intentions and just don't know it? Hmm, maybe SOME PEOPLE have been giving me the wrong idea, "No no you're wrong,"...you know who you are.  Vincent? Might need to explain that one a little.  Time for  Outshined .   Outshined  by Soundgarden  I got up feeling so down I got off being sold out I've kept the movie rolling But the story's getting old now Oh yeah  Well I just looked in the mirror And things aren't looking so good I'm looking California And feeling Minnesota Oh yeah  So now you know Who gets mystified So now you know Who gets mystified  Show me the power child I'd like to say That I'm down on my knees today Ooh it gives me the butterflies Gives me away 'Til I'm up on my feet again  I'm feeling outshined Ooh I'm feeling outshined outshined outshined  Someone let the dogs out They'll show you where the truth is The grass is always greener Where the dogs are shedding Oh yeah  I'm feeling that I'm sober Even though I'm drinking And I can't get any lower Still I feel I'm sinking Oh yeah  So now you know Who gets mystified So now you know Who gets mystified  Show me the power child I'd like to say That I'm down on my knees today Ooh it gives me the butterflies Gives me away 'Til I'm back on my feet again  I'm feeling outshined Ooh I'm feeling outshined outshined outshined  (arbitrary "ooh"ing and "outshined"s for an interlude)  So now you know  Who gets mystified So now you know Who gets mystified  Show me the power child I'd like to say That I'm down on my knees today Ooh it gives me the butterflies Gives me away 'Til I'm back on my feet again  I'm feeling outshined Ooh I'm feeling outshined outshined outshined  Show me the power child I'd like to say That I'm down on my knees today Ooh it gives me the butterflies Give me away 'Til I'm back on my feet again  I'm feeling outshined Ooh I'm feeling outshined outshined outshined  Godddddddd, I would do  I'm With You  if it weren't for the shame of being in school and having everyone watch me look at Avril Lavigne lyrics. This doesn't happen often, but even still....while it is.  PURE TORTURE, I haven't heard it in about three days. So it'll be stuck for a long time. I have to quit cold turkey.  Simply not listening is like really weak methadone.