         OK guys, let's pretend I'm not really fucked up for a moment and taking it all out on Rosie. I'm having some problems at home, and there's a little internal conflict...some ghosts from the past are taking this situation and amplifying it...it's hard to tell the whole story and I really don't want to think about it.  An interesting side note: Leigh Anne called me tonite....at least, I think so, because I was on the phone and didn't answer. But the hangup was concurrent with Leigh Anne's...so let's pretend it was her. What makes that more interesting is that she is in Australia, and that kind of call, just for reaching the answering machine like that, is probably going to run her (or Lucas, or whoever's floating the bill) about 30 bucks. I hope you all had tissues to stop the resultant flood of tears of joy.  Now, two things...first of all, I was watching the movie  Crimson Tide  today. For those of you who haven't see it, it has Denzel Washington and Gene Hackman in it. Basically, the whole movie is about them fighting over if they should launch a nuclear warhead based on an incomplete transmission from the government...they get a first transmission that tells them to fire, and then another, which is stopped because they get attacked...but Denzel Washington (Hunter) says that it might be a stop order and that they should not fire, but Hackman (Capt. Ramsey) says they should, because an officer is meant to act on orders already given. And they fight, one party takes over the ship, the other party takes over the ship, some people die from a missile attack that sends damage out of control, and the people trying to fix it die, there's a guy that dies of cardiac arrest from inhailing too much smoke in the galley...so there's really no redeeming deaths in this movie. To complicate matters, the movie ends with the order actually being for the launch to not be carried out, and everyone is happy cuz there wasn't a big nuclear holocaust.  The thing that is really ironic about all this is: it's a great movie, and no one dies from fiery nuclear death. Wouldn't it be so much better if a bunch of Russian suckers died from us accidentally lauching a nuke at them? Think of the  drama !  Sum of All Fears  was good for that reason, because all those peeps died from the nuke going off...that is, in the movie...I haven't read the book, and I remember my dad making some reference to the fact that the nuke actually didn't go off in the book, but that might have been for something else. But nevertheless, the movie ends as such. The irony therein, is that the ending is actually good, and that the movie has you on the edge of your seat the entire time. This is the genre called  Suspense ...which further proves that humanity is really stupid. The movie just ends basically, and it's them stealing a boat back and forth. WOW. And still, a great movie.  The second thing is... NEW METALLICA IS OUT TODAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  There's just one BIG problem.....I fucking hate it. I'm sorry.....I LOVE METALLICA, let me say right now, they were my first, they were the first to defile my ears, and for that, I love them. But the fact remains...this album sucks. The vocals and drums are WAY too loud, first of all. The lyrics are horrible and cheaply inspired. Whatever happened to those good old days of  Master of Puppets ? How about  Metallica/The Black Album ?  ...And Justice For All ? WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED? Those good lyrics are gone, replaced by cheap, rehab ridden rhymes...barely rhymes most of the time. He takes topics like anger and makes them into...pop songs, almost, except for the fact he's using the word "fuck" a bit. The guitars are so detuned, you can't even hear them, most of the time. There's no solos at ALL. So fars anyway...I've only been able to listen up to track four. The titles are awful, as well...for Metallica, anyway.  Frantic  and  St. Anger , the title track are ok names, and songs as well...but after that... Some Kind of Monster ,  Invisible Kid ,  Sweet Amber ...not only are the titles bad for Metallica ( My Friend of Misery ,  Harvester of Sorrow ,  For Whom The Bell Tolls ? COME ON!), the songs are worse. FUCK. But the artwork is good, and there's a DVD that comes along with it, which is ok, altho it features all the sucky songs of  St. Anger  and Jaymz trying to be cool with them....even tho they suck. I love the OLD Metallica, I just can't respect this new........fucking....... POP ........Metallica.   That's all guys....there needs to be a public apology to Rosie here too, even tho I sent her an email...I'm really sorry for dicking off at you here. Give me some time to sort all this shit in my head out and it won't happen again.