         Heheh, silly Asians. I will admit that Jesus was Chinese, however, and so you are the chosen people. The Italians do rule from the shadows, but the puppet master pulls the puppets, and in the end, who has the real power? As for a second rise of China, pardon me while I die of laughter.  I'm pretty sure that, like Italian power, this argument has spiraled out of control to "Becca proporions" in the shadows. If we just pretend it isn't happening then we have thorns in our sides. I don't really think the group cares much, since we've argued about one stupid thing or another since the beginning.   I don't know if I should just let this slip Rosie...I said it didn't matter after the other deal was over, and still you figured something was wrong, and again you abused your position in my scheme of things, and it's not like this is the first time. In fact, after we had resolved the other deal I said to myself that if we make things all better and  any  shit starts again, then I'm not even going to try to act like nothing's wrong. Something  is  wrong here. But it doesn't matter...you didn't have to let Becca tear you up just like you don't have to let this tear you up either. It was easy enough to let go of me the first time, wasn't it?  I'm probably going to regret this in the morning (look at the time of its posting, by the way, if you haven't), but I figure that everyone should know what I was thinking in reality versus the bullshit I put on here most of the time. I'm drunk with tired about now, I'm flying down a caffeine rollercoaster, and this is the only time it'll ever come out straight, as what I really want to say, sans the guilty conscience thereafter most of the time. It might just kill the both of us, this little rhyme of a post, but it's a risk I have to take. It's like setting some dynamite and forgetting that you actually lit the fuse: it's bound to go off, but you'll just never notice, and things will go horribly wrong. Whereas if you light the fuse and run, you have a better chance of coming out the better on the other end.  It just isn't like me to do this, is it...