         I got Rhetoric off of   half.com  or something, for like, two bucks :) it was so awesome. The catch is, you're buying from people who just have this shit in their houses and want to get rid of it, perhaps making some o' dat fat kizash off of it. For me, I got a 1970's hardback edition, with key quotes  already underlined . BONUS! And it costed two bucks. But that website has it really cheap, if you're willing to get it used.  Eep, I don't know about Driver's Ed. I never went. I did go to Driver's  Edge , which was just a "rough road situations" class...but like hell if they'll get me into a Driver's Ed class :) I'm not sure if I understood the next question...to get your  driver's  license, with which you would operate a car  alone  (and yes, permit and license sometimes get confused, so I just had to put this little segment in), and if you're under 21, which you are :), but at or above 16...you need to have held a permit for  six months  and driven for something like 100 hours or so, and then you can get your license. Alls Driver's Ed does is put some slack on your insurance, which, for a teen driver, is a much less than savoury number. To do the tests to get your permit/license, you need to go to the licenseing station in Franklin, which is on Old Mill Road off of I-96, it's after a little park and is very hard to miss.  Now...if you haven't held a permit yet...then you can't get your license, obviously...unless you actually want to wait until you're 21, whereafter you can just do the road test and get your license, if my memory serves me. The permit test is strictly written and eye exam, whereas the license test is strictly road and eye.  Once you've taken the written exam, you never have to take it again . WOOWOO! And then there's the road exam, which is strictly driving...just don't get the one-armed man, he's sorta anal and pissed off at life, I believe. Mostly because he's an underpaid state employee and he has one arm. I sympathize with that man, despite the fact that he marked me off for two............... LITTLE ........................things. LITTLE in all caps.  I love driving, so of course I'll go into great detail about it whenever possible ;).  And as for the call Lindsey......ok :) Not much to be said to that one, eh?