         Augh.  Doing some private rehearsals today in my dad's living room...that is, playing air guitar and screaming the lyrics at the top of my lungs. Heh. But I had all the curtains closed, so no one would've seen me making a huge ass out of myself...oh, left the back door open tho.  Today was cool because I walked about two miles down the road and went to a Piggly Wiggly, where I bought a Vanilla and Cherry Coke, respectively. The people eyed me with suspicion, and I eyed them back. I had the luck of having Alex call me on my cell right when I got there. A word of advice, guys, don't go into a frequently-robbed East Nashville store wearing an American Eagle T-shirt and carrying a cellphone. They  rape  and  rob  little preppy bitches like that...which would include me, I guess.  I'm going to put a segment on my site soon called " The Ultimate Survival Guide For The White Man In East Nashville ", with pictures and such. For example: if you are part of the KKK and wish to rally, don't do it here. The black population outnumbers you at least ten to one. Don't even dress up in a ghost costume over here; that little red dot on you forehead isn't a hornet...you can trace it back to the barrel of that elephant rifle that a very pissed off black man is holding.  I also watched golf today, where I witness Tiger Woods use the taboo phrase "goddamn" on national television after a bad drive. I also made fun of Ernie Els for looking like he'd been partially decapitated in the past. Look at the guy sometime. He's got two huge gashes in the left side of his neck.   Tiger is losing bad, by the way. He looks like he's on the verge of tears constantly. Els sucks too, and there was a commercial on him about him being really bad ass and winning a thousand championships, one with a spiked club up his ass, etc., I was expecting more out of the guy. Meanwhile, some guy that looks like Hitler was cleaning up for a while, and then he started sucking as soon as I honed in on the fact that the Nazis haven't done any earth-shaking work since the end of WWII. And watch Will prove me wrong on that one.  THEN, I turned on Univision. OH MY  GOD . Have you people watched the news on that channel. OH GOD! First, there was this lady beating this shit out of her kid, whacking it over the head twice really hard while it was crying. And then she took it out of its highchair and threw it straight on the ground. I was sitting there with my mouth open for about five minutes. As if that wasn't bad enough, they had a segment which I loosely translated as "Shocking Videos". They showed the baby one again first. Ok, seen that, still scary. Then they showed this guy on a balcony in an apartment complex with a .45 against his head. A cop from the floor above tried to jump him and missed, landing in the shrubbery below. THE GUY BLEW HIS FUCKING BRAINS OUT, RIGHT THERE. All over the wall! On TV! And this shit is for real? There there was a vid of a black guy or something resisting arrest, he pulled away from two cops trying to cuff him and pulled a knife or something. Then he turned his back and walked away, and the cops shot the shit out of him til he fell over in a pool of blood, crimson spurting from the fresh and burning wounds. It was really outrageous, so I decided to watch the CKY vids by Bam Margera, freshly downloaded. WHOOPS! More outrageous shit than before, on and on and on and on, and I watched all of it. I must say, today has been a really screwed up day.   And I'm all alone . You can sort of tell I've been inspired to such a notion when I start talking about my day to "the audience", which has gone fully mute, so fars as I know. The BLog has officially died, the last post being my reply to Rosie's very girl-like emotion-shift with a simple ".....'k,". Lily left town and Zoe, who also posts on there, doesn't like BLogging so she doesn't get on, and that one has gone mute, Kenzie doesn't get on hers anymore, the last post was replying to my calling her a bitch for getting me a birthday present (altho it is  very  awesome, and I appreciate it immensely)...I have a thousand other blogs but I don't post in them,   stranglebox  for instance...the essay has come to a screeching hault, since I really don't want to think about that shit in lieu of recent events...  It's like school makes us a band of brothers and sisters, we unite against the unnamed feelings and struggles...anybody ever notice that you could be the most social person in the world during summer and still feel completely detached from the people you counted as allies before? And why did you count them as allies? You would only need those if you were fighting a war...  I personally don't feel these things, which is why I'm still making posts, but that's my observation right there, uniting against the common cause. To defeat it? No, just to fight it until it decides to crawl back into its cave and die.  If this is the way it is now, just waiting for the next attack, I hate to think of what happens when high school ends...