         ......  Everyone's really dead.  You were right Rosie, I was recording. Yes, my dad got rid of the house fone, now he's got a damned....Cricket. And yes, it does start with a five.  I shall look for yon Sargent....didn't I see it somewhere the other day? I'll have to try and remember.  Well now...been listening to the CDs....  CKY owns so far...I really like two songs on it so far, but I like those, like....to obsession. I would really suggest them, they're straight up rock, and they're incredible. The best songs:  Sink Into The Underground  and  Inhuman Creation Station ,  AMAZING ! I could listen to them all day.  As for the others...Linkin Park is still tee-totally awesome,  Cure For The Itch , the musical, is amazing, it makes me want to cry... A Place For My Head  and  Forgotten , two wonderful tracks. Interesting side note, the song  With You  on  Hybrid Theory  was co-muziked by The Dust Brothers...they did the music for the first Matrix...in this song they do all the digital beats and effects.  Jerry...it's Jerry. Everyone loves Jerry. I've heard all the other tracks before, and this album just can't go wrong. There's a bunch of new ones that are awesome tho... Owned :  I'm a whore, might as well be the best ....my single fav. line from any song thus far in the course of my life...you've got your  Pig Charmer , he sings it like Layne, and says in the liner notes that it was inadvertently written about him...talks about a guy in total degradation wallowing in his own filthy world and enjoying it...knowing he's going to die. It's way too deep.  S.O.S ,  Dying Inside ,  Feel The Void ...I can personally relate to these songs, so they're the best songs ever written.  And of course.....  METALLICA  !!!!!! Back when they didn't suck. And this album has not one bad song upon it.  Battery  to open, a nice little melody at first, followed by some skullpunishing guitar for the rest of the song, and one of Kirk's best solos,  Master of Puppets , the best song Metallica has ever done, and which we're playing at Abby's party (rehearsals today were awesome, by the way...just hope my kilt doesn't fly up)....... The Thing That Should Not Be , damned scary, it's worse on Metallica's  S&M , with them and the symphony. Then,  Sanitarium (Welcome Home) , probably in the top ten of fav. Metallica songs... Disposable Heros :  You coward, you servant, (spoken: You blind man, back to the front) . GOD, IT'S JAYMZ. He's was so cool when he was young.  Leper Messiah , SO rockin' it's amazing.  Orion , second favorite musical, the first is  To Live Is To Die  on  ...And Justice For All . And then,  Damage Inc. , for which the elusive  Garage Inc.  album was named.  Damage  is a sweet song. This whole album was the only thing keeping me going on the D.C. trip three years ago...I had a broken ankle and had to walk miles at a time on crutches. It was hell, but there was lots of Metallica. I wanted to cry for all the Metallica I was getting back then...  That was a fun trip, come to think of it. Julian Agnew has a photo of me "double evil-eyeing" the camera and screaming at the same time...my best pic. Back when I had long hair last year and, consequently, a mullet, which was gay. And there's some blood running down my arm from where the callouses busted, if I recall correctly. I know that when I got back to the hotel, I had to take a bath cuz I took too long in the morning, and I got in and died, because of the open wounds and hot water...argh. It was my forearms, by the way, I was using my dad's   special   (ly retarded) crutches and didn't have any time to get used to them during normal walking...you should have seen me in the field. I used that fucking foot everywhere, and by the time we got home a lot of the bottom was ready to fall off. However, scans thereafer said that the foot had healed perfektly and that I had taken very good care of it. "Cool," said I. Shit, as long as he didn't bust out the doctorliness on me, that little doc thing that makes you feel miserable because you didn't do what they told you to do, and they scold you and it's the worst feeling in the world, I was ok with him saying whatever he wanted. Ugg, but then he left and I got to experiment with my balding and yellow leg, balding because the hair had long since died and I was able to just rub those sucker hair foliacles off. Gross, yes yes.  This is me talking off a caffeine high at the start of the new day...23 minutes after, at the moment of this keying. If you read all this, I should give you a medal.