         Hello again all.  Well...there's no one online at the moment...the usuals that I can't exert any social talents on, the robots, the people that I'm just not going to give an SN to right now because I don't want to face up to what they have to say at the moment. So I thought I would just come in and make me a nice little BLog right quick.  So lately I've been playing the role of psychologist, and I must say...it's really weird. I don't know where it comes from but it does, like a little river it flows right out until it's coming like a torrent. The silence thereafter is one of bliss...it's the satisfaction that I got to the core of some long hidden or ne'er disclosed truth.  There was a few days after it first happened when I had to come to grips with myself after feeling that "unnamed feeling" for the first time, and being able to deal with the fact that I just knew these things, and that I didn't have to know where they were coming from. It was hell, it was feeling hopelessness for just a few hours. And then something clicked when I was talking to Rosie one day, and that little lightbulb just clicked on, and suddenly it doesn't feel that bad anymore, it doesn't seem like I'm entirely helpless, and that I may not be god of the universe, but if I can put a bright spot in someone's day once, that spot can grow and multiply. It's like planting a tree in an empty field.  In other news....I GOT ONE OF MY MICS THE OTHER DAY! w00t! So I have the guitar mic with which I recorded  Master of Puppets ...at least, some of it. DEAR LORD. It sounds so much better than plugging straight in with the POD like I have been doing, not so low end and muddy. So now...have to record all the demos AGAIN. But it's ok because I've grown to love recording. And this time we've been offered some help with the process which would be very nice...Abby already knows how to work the damn thing and that's awesome. So maybe she'll do it and then I'll cry because the recordings will sound even BETTER! Because I won't have to reach for the buttons and cause excess noise when I don't want to. Allz I have to do is twist, plug, and play. JOY! Of course, that is assuming Abby even reads this...I wonder.  Rosie thinks I look...."cute".....with my little streaked blonde hair bit after getting some sun. Um, well, if she says so. Personally it just makes me look...gay. It's my duty to the world to keep up my facade of darkness and melancholy, and that blondeness just puts a few key dents in the gloomy shell. But I want to get a bit of a tan too so as to not look...so pasty? Sunless tan, here we come.   People are odd.   Well some people, at least. We all get divided into our own categories.  It's a really nice night. Go outside tonite everybody, it's really nice.