         UPS=bastards.  Today was a day of waiting. I woke at about 8 and sat around reading a much-overlooked (in my house, that is) biography of the life and times of Kurt/Kurdt Cobain until 11. I got bored, took a shower and ran (yes, in that order...can't run without feeling clean first). And then I sat around and read some more, and crafted the chords to a new song,  I'm Just A Bastard  and another,  Single Passing . And then more reading...at this point I had picked up a magazine about Kurdt...very cool. I got both of these from Julian Agnew, by the way, and I've been meaning to return them since the research project came to a close, so over the past day or so I've been reading them. The magazine is cool in that it's British, number one, and two, it shows Kurdt's career thru old magazine articles and press releases, for instance advertisements from his first label, Sub Pop, which also projects other cool bands at the time, such famous ones as Mudhoney and Green River Band, and others less known like Tad, the three-hundred-pound-butcher-gone-grunge-frontman, and Cat Butt, which apparently has/had an extremely loyal cult following.  But moreover, the day was devoted to my waiting for a shipment from UPS of some gear...and the lazy bastards didn't deliver! It was tracked as being in Memphis at 12:05 today, and the drive over here is about 2 1/2 to 3 hours...plus, shipments don't run in this part of town til about 6, and god knows the infamous "UPS guy" doesn't carry all of his shit around at one time. So I waited for hours, I turned down going to a party of some kid down the street, and I was sitting there reading the book again and comparing my reclusiveness to Kurdt's in the last part of his life when I decided to come down and get some milk...and the computer was sitting here, freshly waiting to be bitched at. And friends...here I am, bitching.  Presently my mum is at KMart, where she is getting some clothing, among other things, a black wifebeater which is teetotally awesome. If you've ever seen the band called HIM in Europe and HER in America (couldn't keep the European name because it came into conflict with a Chicago band of the same name which "totally sucks", quote CKY4), you'll note that he always wears this black wifebeater and is the coolest man ever, even if his songs are all sucking the corporate money cock, as most Euro glam metal does. Some of the songs are actually pretty good, however. So yes, I am exercising some idol worship. But at the same time, I figure our band has to have some image, and I want to give it a really tight one. Like the new logo of the little box with the hands strangling air, which has a clock with three hands on the top, and the word "OWNED" written on its side...or how about the rusted and broken knife freshly used to cut something gory...and running down the blade in blood is the word "BLEED", along with all the necessary drops of blood and symbolic decay of the knife. Gross as it may sounds (and it looks worse), it all means something.   "Bleed"...we've used it at least nine times so far, in writing songs, and it's pretty much the theme of  Ignorance , bleeding, and not in the physical sense, mind.  Well, I'm done talking...back to reading. Farewell friends.