         Damned be, guys. Blogger's all different now...  I dunno yet, but I'm pretty sure they're all this way, since most of the people whom this post is important to made their BLogs at the same time. I hope this doesn't screw anything else up, or I'm going to cry.  Well kids...Alex coming for another session today, I'm getting Harry P. tomorrow and I'm stoked, and I just might get my cords and stands! So I finally get to put down the new demos, which will sound really awesome, also since I now have a recording crew...one of which pushes the buttons and turns the knobs, the other of which moves the faders...and of course, neither of them know how to work this damned thing yet...hell, with all this new gear I have to learn to use advanced functions on the recorder...like "track bouncing", where you take several tracks and put them together...not so bad in theory, but we'll see when the time comes.  There's also the question of whether the cable can extend long enough to accomodate all the mics (since all of its extensions, which number eight, are bundled into one snake), but I'm pretty confident that it can...it wouldn't have sold so well as it already has otherwise.   And look at me, rambling about shit that no one understands anyway.  The past few nights...um...I'm getting old, I think. I can't sleep anymore. I try...but I wake up, and then I stay awake for a long time, and try to go back to sleep, and when I do I wake up five minutes later. Something about this house? This only started happening since I came back home.   A few more songs to add to the list... She Hates Me  by Puddle of Mudd,  One Step Closer  by Linkin Park...most of the more famous Good Charlotte songs ( Bloody Valentine ,  The Anthem ,  Wondering , namely),  Angel Eyes  by JERRY!,  Happy Happy Joy Joy  by Wax...now that one is going to be awesome...and the acoustic segment, which is in the works as we speak...can't talk too much about that, for reasons...  Whilst I am going nuckin' futz here at the house...no sleep, need to wash some clothes, feeling hungry, and other things which, at present, since I have no vechicle, I am powerless to control...I hope everyone else's lives are going accordingly...that is to say, as you make them.  By the way...fresh cotton always smells the same artificially, did you know? No one has any differing visions on the smell of fresh cotton. My ma just bought some girly Ban deoderant...feeling nostalgia whacking me in the back of the head, and pointing me to A-2 of Brentwood High, where a fanatic young teacher took a bottle of air freshener bearing the same name and proceeded to douse the room with it. Nevertheless, I picked up the bottle, and there was the smell! It's nice, I don't see what unpleasantness Rosie/whoever else didn't like it, derived from it.  It's time to shut up.     BONUS