         Wow.  WOW.  New song. It's amazing and it was really fun to write, for some reason. The chorus was written a long time ago, and some of the lyrics were taken from a notebook of mine, so this all might not make sense, but o well. It sounds amazing. Well...in my head. The recording is really rough. But the way it's  supposed  to sound...so incredible.   So Low  by Stranglebox (chorus in  italics )  There's been a lot of stupid things imagine I can't believe the stupid things I did I don't remember when it all first happened It seems so long ago that I was a kid I'm blown out worn and tired, sleeping shallow I trace the crooked shadows on the wall And yesterday I tried to keep my face up But in the end I know it's bound to fall   I'm reaching out for hands I thought were open Where the hell did you go? I drowning in the thoughts and pain not spoken I sink so low I'm crying out for something left to save me So grab my hands as I fall I'm yelling and there's no one left to hear me As if there was anyone at all   I guess I wasn't cut out for the pressure But it's just been so long since I been home I'm thinking back the longest I can measure And this has been the longest I can go A week ago you smiled at me softly The sweetness of your touch has left its mark I'm just a downer, never mind my sulking You're too good and this all has torn me apart   Chorus  I'm sinking low  I'm feeling blown and tired in my bedroom The clock is ticking minutes as they pass I'm holding thoughts of you, that you'll be home soon I'm holding you, I know that this won't last The shadows creeping silent from the corner Remind me of a day when I fell down The thought has led me here and bowled me over Won't wake you so I scream without a sound   Chorus  x 2  To be the last song on the album, with  Single Passing  at the forefront, then  Pain-Painted , then  Broken Me , then  Consanguinity , and so on as they're written. The others are too, just have to record them. Surprisingly, on this first cut, which Abby has, the drums are way too loud. And the mics WORKED. I'm so enthralled, even tho I can't hear jack. But everyone is getting an updated demo copy soon, with like, more than two songs and stuff.  Goodbye my friends.