         A quick post before I turn in. I have a lot to do tomorrow, and it's really dumb of me to be sitting here making such a worthless post.  So Rosie's gonna pwn me. This time I didn't miss on purpose: I got home at about seven and a half, whereafter my mum reminded me that she had to go to work in Nashville. Technically, I could have gone with her and taken the car back to Franklin, but that would require me paying for the gas at some point, and then having to drive back at rushhour and pick her up. Which doesn't diminish me being a bastard any less, I'm so sorry Rosie. I'll give you the printed booklet with calligraphic lettering for the "high in vitamins and minerals, 100% delicious!/we're poor" demos. That's the name of this fourteen song wonder. At least, that was the name I put on it while sitting in the parking lot of BUMC this morning.   Three talking tracks and a coupla myuzik tracks. And more to come soon, as my drum teacher gave me the right cables I needed to make the drums sound totally L337. It's only a matter of time now, then you can all claim to know a rockstar...eagh, I dun wanna go.  I was just reading this backlogs on The Blog...memories! They're all their now so check 'em out all. God, where was I all that time? I read over the posts and it was like, "did all of this really happen?". I've read them all before, but whatever, I'm just a dumb kid.  I did some major photography work today. I mainly wanted to waste the rest of the pics on there so I can get this reel developed and get the pics of my wonderful, beloved Loser Girlfriend. But there's other cool pics in there too. Like the token self-shot, I just aimed the camera and clicked. Those always turn out...interesting. And how about the one of my pocket, where I was talking to Abby about cool shots that just turn out cool, and then proceeded to take one of the innards of my pocket, that was a good one. And then the art shots, like the inside of the piano.  Alex and I wanted to do some interesting concept art for  Ignorance . Alex wanted a picture of two hands together, one reading "Ignorance" and the other, "Arrogance", because the two go hand in hand. I did this picture today, using a Sharpie and a red dry erase marker. To take the pic I mounted it on one of my amps, poised my hands in front of the lens, and used my tongue to hit the shutter release. It was a great shot.   Then I did some. One is of a rusted and cracked knife that's been used lately...in blood, running down the blade is the word "BLEED", which comes up several times on the album and would probably justify the effort as thematical in nature.   I did another "hands" picture, which was full of symbolism. It depicts my hand with the word "IGNORANCE" in red, reminiscent of blood, of course. I painted my nails with one coat of black and then quickly rubbed it off, so the nails have the look of death or something, it's really creeped out. And, the hand is clawed, as if in agony. This whole scene is supposed to represent three important themes. One: PAIN, the clawed hand, the wound that reads "IGNORANCE", the word pain comes up several times, and it is the result of ignorance. Two: BLEED, the red colour of IGNORANCE, what it feels like to be ignored, having those codependant whims as I once had. Three: IGNORANCE, the total picture, an etching of blood in the hand, the clawed grip and deadened nails, the whole scene is reminiscent of pain and punishment. The total psychology of the picture, tho, will tell you that the person therein did not deserve whatever pain he/she was getting, and thusly leads everyone to feel the anger and stuff.  I also came up with some really good lines and two useable songs today. I haven't name one of them, the other is named  Wrecked , and it sounds a lot like  Broken Me , lots of rhythm singing and whatnot, and some really messed guitar and bass...I was trippin' on Nirvana's  I Hate Myself and Want To Die  when I wrote it. And notice, the one word song title. I've been doing that a lot lately...some of the most recent song names  Soak ,  Feeder ,  Down ...then others, like  I'm Just A Bastard ,  The Schizophrenic Song , and  Grandpa Was a Schoolbus Driver , not to mention that wonderful classic,  EBAMahickey , which is going to be totally revamped at some point, so that we can talk about the Ebamahickey ripping through sinews, muscle, and bones at 9107349817320941293481623049 plus decibles. I love being a rock guy.  I'm sorry to bore all of you with this crap, guys. Agh. I just love talking about this wonderful band stuff. I'll admit, it's really boring to everyone else, but it's something else watching everything take shape as it is now.  I'm going to shut up and go to bed now. Ciao for niao buddies.