         I did!  It sounds better now tho, don't worry. Less vocals, more guitar noise. I don't like hearing myself way too much, but a little bit is ok. It's like looking at yourself in the mirror times 119283740293475912437, but if you look too long you get a little self-concious.   Listening to  So Low  right now. Yes, it's a bit late for such things, but I had lots of coffee...sorry Abby! What else is there, besides beer? Which I'm probly about to imbibe, anyway. And then there's sewage water and that's pretty much it.  I talked to my cats in a Sean Connery voice about the importance of the grilled chesse sammich, and how I was the master, yet still in training by my forefathers, those lonely old bastards cooped up in apartments, very single and very unconcerned, sometimes drunk for days and having a hankering for food, and what do they make, but grilled chesse and tomato soup? And what should I do but screw up BOTH. You wouldn't think so but I CAN. I'm good at screwing that stuff up. But then I had horrible canned stew after which...made up for it? And white chocolate raspberry ice cream, which I have finally all-consumed. That's it, no more good food. I'm screwed. I'm out of ideas.   So...  So...  This is my first good caffeine trip in a long time, and somehow, BLogging is so much more enjoyable here, in this little glow of insanity, sitting here doing nothing but thinking about consumption and what a bastard I am.   Lindsey knows all the devious plans now. War har har. PLEASE don't tell, PLEASE? It's a surprise and all. It's bad enough with her little convincing smile and pathetic voice, every inch of my being wants to surrender but I CANNOT! So please don't tell. Ok, I know you won't but I'm just making sure.   Ugh. It's been a couple hours since I started this. Presently, I'm working on the CD. It doesn't have nearly as many tracks as I promised, but there's some stuff that no one's heard, older stuff, and some special commentaries!!! Three songs that are newish.  Let Me Go ,  Close My Eyes , and  So Low . And I think  Rhyme  is gonna be on there, an early bass cut of  Close My Eyes , and little snippets of experiment songs called  Down  and  Scarecrowman . And commentaries! From me! I'm so dumb. But I think you all will like it. I know your up to your asses in  Broken Me  and since I deleted it, it's pretty much not going on there, unless someone can get me a copy soon. And only one person has the original cut of  My Solution  on CD anymore. But that's ok. You guys are sick of those, I know. I made such a big deal out of them and now it's all over.  Whatever. My breath reeks of disfermented hopps and I'm making CDs like crazy. I have my little case here, and if one of these happen to have either of the two glory boys on it, you all will be first to know. I'm just going to leave this post as is, fo shieezey. I'll be back in a few minutes.  HAHA I found a copy of  Broken Me . Woot, it's going on there next.  Ok so...the tracklist so far...  1. Introduction 2. So Low 3. Goodbye My Friend 4. Let Me Go 5. Enjoying the CD? 6. Broken Me 7. My Solution (acoustic) 8. Down (demo cut) 9. Scarecrowman (demo cut) ( very  incomplete) 10. Little Rhyme 11. Bass riff (early  Close My Eyes  demos) 12. Until I Fall Away (cover) 13. That's all! 14. Close My Eyes  This CD is sounding good. I just finished remixing  Down ...it turned out really good for having four parts in it. And I left one intelligible line in at one point, so you all get to hear what it might have sounded like. WOOT. Time to mix  Scarecrowman  and make it sound like I wasn't playing with the damned riff for the first time that day...which I was...it was the same day I got the recorder. I recorded  Scarecrowman  and  Goodbye My Friend  for the first time.    © Memories © ....  Wow...I didn't remember, but I gave up on trying to coordinate the guitar parts on  Scarecrowman  without drums so I started soloing...it sounds mostly the same, or bad...but there's this one place where it sounds fraggin' AMAZING! I'm letting it master itself right now...  Right...just a few more to go. I'm going to start a lyrics booklet that I'll email, including the deleted lyrics, even the ones to the cover. And a transcript of what I'm saying during the little retarded commentaries. But not the subliminal messages. I mean, what good are subliminal messages if you know what they're saying? Duh!  Beer tastes awful, but I'm thirsty. I could never be an alcoholic. I dunno what my dad sees in this shit. Gross.  Here's the boring part. Waiting for  Little Rhyme  to burn itself. God...every time me and Alex play this, we both look at each other and groan and say, "this so is sooooooooooo long!" and then we play it, because we always do, right after  Broken Me  and followed by  My Solution . We're beasts in those sessions. Alex kills himself trying to doublebass and I just kill myself jumping off of things, hitting my head on things, throwing things, yelling things, screaming all the lines of the song, saying them backwards, saying them in Arameic while doing a handstand, smoking a hashpipe, and playing my guitar which is somehow infested with a swarm of killer bees. This friends...is the part of the evening where the caffeine wears off and the alcohol kicks in.  As you all know, I have no alcohol tolerance whatsoever. And while this is a nonalcoholic beverage, it can't help but have a bit in it, because of the nature of its production. It has less than NyQuil in it. However, I have no tolerance, and were I to finish this bottle I might be a bit drunk, and me drunk...that's a bad thing. I'm either tired or depressed, or sometimes I say really funny things and start crying about them. This is another reason why I will never be an alcoholic.  I just heard a pop. That means  Rhyme  is done.   The bass riff is done. It's pretty shaky at the end cuz I forgot the main riff. But you'll get a good glimpse into where the riff for  Close My Eyes  came from. Damn...that was a rough song. It took most of the year to work out the perfect words. And the music was impossible. So one day I heard this riff in storage, and something clicked and I nailed it.  Close  is the last song on this record by the way.  Pop.   Until I Fall Away ...I haven't listened to that track since Christmas, when I recorded it...or thereabouts. It's a Gin Blossoms song, probly my fav of theirs...3 on  New Miserable Experience ...if you haven't heard of the Blossoms, I really suggest them. They don't sound anything like my music, but they're incredible musicians and songwriters, and they're coming to Georgia and bygod if I'm not going to see them. They're from Tempe, Arizona...that's where we're gonna be, along with Tuscon and Phoenix in a few weeks, so I get to visit the home of the Blossoms! And get some Coodukx shakes that Abby was talking about...heheh...I can't remember the real name of that place anymore....Iji, I think it was....Captain Iji? I dunno, it sounds pretty close. I'm plastered. Pop.  The outro is done, and now the last and awesomeest song.  Here I go.  Alright kids. It's burning, but I'm gonna go now and as soon as it's done, I'm going to listen to it and cry. And then, I'm going to burn all of you copies of this wonderful endeavor, and I sincerely hope you enjoy.  Starting on the lyrics booklet/notes thing.  Ciao for now, friends.