         Ok it's really screwed up.  Absolutely NO ONE is here. That really sucks.  Forgive me all, it's been a pretty bad/hectic day...got pwned on my fav. map, "fy_snow" on CS, I downloaded some cool upgrades for it but nothing works yet...apparently my proficiency in typing what they tell me to type isn't all that good. Whatever.  I did drive my dad's new car today tho. It's not so bad...2001 Oldsmobile Alero. It's a GM product, and that sucks really hard. But it's not so bad...ok, there's no horn. The CD player is really bad. And it smells AWFUL in there, no matter what we do. So if no one wants to get in any time soon, I  definitely  understand. It was hard to get me to drive it home because of that disgusting festering sheep corpse smell in there.   I finished a manual with all of the songs on  Ignorance  today too, this morning in fact. It looks really nice, presentable, etc. But it's just for looks, it has no real purpose yet...sell it for a million bucks on EBay in a few years tho :)  I went to Olive Garden after we bought the car today...god, that was funny. They gave us a table in the smoking section (first available seating, so hey, it happens) so that kinda sucked. But then I decided to act uncultured and started blowing bubbles into my Coke, making fun of the rednecks at the other table because they thought they were a bunch of wine buffs and decided to send the poor guy to get another wine to sample every three minutes, and the best part: mooing at my dish of veal when it got there and constantly referring to it as "baby hamburger". I named all three pieces too: Ignatius, Floyd, and Xander...I got full after Ignatz (his shortened name) and Xander, so Floyd is chillin' in the 'fridge, pun intended. On the way home I named the car GAM, or  Gross Asshole Machine  and blared  The Beavis And Butt-head Experience  on the CD player, which has some really good Nirvana and Megadeth on it.  Then I ran and got attacked by two dogs, TWO, count them. Tomorrow when I run I'm bringing something heavy to use on them. But hopefully I won't be running at 789274952734095720394572 o'clock again.  I'm going to go finish Floyd and braid my hair, all. Ciao for niao.   ONE MORE THING, NEEDS TO BE VOTED ON   I'm thinking about getting dreds, yes or no? And  GOOD  reasons for your decision, not little Rosie ones like "you would look like a freak".