         ok, so mean mamma gets really mean during transitions.  ernst and stephan are packing up my mom's car, and the trio will soon leave for colorado.  my mom will drop them, and their tandem bike,  off somewhere across the border in wyoming, and meet them at the end of each day with a hotel room, until they reach the kansas border.  this trip has mean mamma in a bundle, because it appears that most of colorado is on fire, bikes are vulnerable to car traffic, my mother is not the driver she once was when it comes to attention to the road.........oh, so many disasters are possible, and mean mamma has worried about each and every potential fly is the ointment.    then there are the worries at home- cayle will be spending 2 weeks at camp two roads cafe.  ernst usually takes care of daycare, as he has always had more flexibility in his schedule.  he also has a backroom with a tv/vcr that has served us well over the years as place for kids to chill out until a better option comes along.  in the restaurant we have no such backroom, so cayle will hang out in the kitchen, or with customers.......i hope this 2 weeks passes quickly.    i rented movies last night, thinking that they would be leaving yesterday afternoon- i watched laura linney in you can count on me, for which she was nominated for an oscar.  i thought she did a fine job, but couldn't quite figure out why they cast that particular actor as her ne'er-do-well brother.  he did not seem to be related to her at all, in looks or demeanor.  not that all siblings have noticable similarities, but these two had none- i aalso rented snatch- but haven't watched it yet. i have til midnight tonight- maybe i can watch it later on tonight and beg andrew to drive it back into town...i haven't seen a first run film since lord of the rings- and there are many out there that i want to watch.  i want to see the importance of being earnest at the kentucky- i can recall seeing the play in college with a man named maynard that was a fixup date- he told me that he couldn't seriously consider going out with me on a regular basis until i stopped being so stuck on myself- i still laugh about that from time to time- only a man totally stuck on himself would think to say such a thing to a blind date.........the play was good, though. i trust the movie will be in true bbc-style, with the usual cast of period costume players, like colin firth. reese witherspoon is also in this picture, though i am not sure which part she plays.  my family has given me grief for watching legally blonde more than once- i can't see the difference between watching that movie and all 6 pride and predjudice videos over and over- it is all escapist behavior.  or maybe i really just want a chijuaha to call my own......  well, back to this bike trip. gentle readers,bear with me until these travelers are back.........