         i see that my blog name pales in comparison to others, such as sticky hands, sticky arms....i might just have to start reading that one.  yesterday i made a 27 mile pilgrimage to the wine and beer store in lawrenceburg. they had a sign above the counter that read...a $10 surcharge will be added to your bill if you are irritating, annoying or just plain mean.  frankly, i don't see  myself as mean enough to warrant an extra $10... maybe $5 on a really bad day....  i am still upset about my church, and whether i see myself going there through stephan's high school years let alone cayle's. the possibility of switching churches comes to mind.  many of stephan's friends are catholic- i cannot be a catholic because i am firmly opposed to the catholic church's stance on many issues-marriage of priests, women as priests, birth control, etc. i could not join that church in good faith, and they would certainly not want me.  if stephan wanted to go to their youth group on his own, that would be his decision.  ernst and i attended the episcopal church a few times- they are more liberal than the catholics, with many of the same liturgical features, and with progressive notions about woman as priests. i could see myself as an episcopal, i suppose.  the main drawback to switching churches is manyfold- i have frequently held in contempt those who switched from our church when they didn't like rev. noel. i really do like my sunday school class- i have attended this class for 15 years- and enjoy many of the members. it could be considered one of the social highlights of my week. lastly, i do not want to have to explain my switch because of the hard feelings that may arise. i could easily move myself over to the methodist church and sit with my mother in the pew. that way i would not have to discuss the youth issue at all- i can just say that it was done for family unity. of course, stephan and cayle may not like their youth group, either.  non-attendence of church is not an option. i feel that my children need the church backround, to draw upon for strength and rejuvination in tough times. when they are on their own they can make their own church choices, but while they are with me they will at least go to church with me and sit as a family. if this is a sign of a mean mamma........