         ok, so i have to report on something really funny that tompoland said to me last night at the potluck after the twinkie run.  we were contemplating the big urn of artificial flowers that the church had outside its front door- int he summer when real flowers could actually grow- mind you- and tom started commenting about how they (the church) could probably add to their collection by going to yard sales- that there were usually a great assortment of artificial flowers at yard sales, and don't their colors seem to improve with age?  he then digressed into a concept idea for an exhibit at the smithsonian- there hasn't been a definitive display of these american icons at the smithsonian- maybe he would start his own collection and then donate them to the smithsonian and be the curator-  like most funny episodes, you really had to be there.  but the thread throughout his rant/monologue is worth retelling and rehashing.  there is a house on gwinn island road that used to have fake flowers in its window boxes 24/7 and 12 months out of the year- like the neighbors wouldn't be fooled by geraniums peaking out of a blanket of snow. the cemetary in burgin has a large sign posted at the gate- no artificial flowers- yet each grave is adorned with a walmart-grade array of red, white and blue blooms.  in europe, graves have their own mini-garden in front, with real petunias, marigolds, and geraniums in season, and ground covers the rest of the year.  a brief note to my own family- no fake flowers near my urn when i am gone......please.........maybe just a genuine single orchid......... when we bought the restaurant we carried out garbage bag after bag of fake greenery- the space had been a shrine to unreality when it came to silk flowers and vines.  people still comment on how our decor was more charming then.....  these summer days, when i work long hours and have such little personal time, i relish my early morning hours on the deck, with all of my pots of marigolds, herbs, petunias, geraniums, etc- i sit at the table, with a tablecloth, mind you, and read the paper, with my coffee, and take in the sweet serenity of the flowers along with the lake, the birds, and my dogs wanting in the house.  the cat is much more vocal- she won't stop caterwalling until the is let into the house. the dogs are content to just sit under the table until i am ready to go in the house....the scene just wouldn't be the same with 26 pots of silk greenery- they don't need watering and the heat can't kill them, but they have no fresh scent, have no buds to watch until they open, and little to offer in terms of enjoyment.  enough said.......mean mamma's quiet morning timeis over and she has to go to work.