         ok, so we are starting to get the really crazy people on the phone at the restaurant this week. the first call of the day was a woman who wanted the name of our source for dry ice.  'you don't use dry ice in catering?' she asked incredulously.  'no. we use regular wet ice.....'  i couldn't even tell her where she could begin to look for dry ice, either.  then we got a call from ohio asking if we could deliver lunches and suppers to her mother in union, ky.  i assured her that union is nowhere near here, at least not in a 40 mile radius, and suggested that she get out her map and try to find a closer restaurant. she woman seemed somewhat miffed that we weren't willing to go that far afield to deliver lunch.....then we go the call from a woman who wanted my assurance that if she made a supper reservation for saturday night of the band festival that she would have a guarenteed place to park outside the restaurant.  i assured her that by saturday night not even i would be guaranteed a place to park. she seemed kind of miffed, like someone couldn't just stand in a spot and hold it for her.........then we got a call from someone asking if we are hiring. ' not hiring? well who IS hiring? who else besides cracker barrel? you don't know? well why not?'   then we had the unfortunate conversation with a woman who had booked a lunch and supper for today , from a major financial advising company, to drum up investment business.  jerry called her to get a menu and an updated head count, and the woman insisted that she had already spoken to a gentleman on friday with all of the info.  jerry insisted that he had not spoken to her on friday, and she started to get testy- and said ' you told me that your specialties were country ham and fried chicken. jerry replied that neither of those are our specialties, and could she have been mistaken on who she called. oh,no, the woman said, i have it all written down- i talked to _____at beaumont inn on friday......well there is your problem, you didn't book your meeting at the beaumont inn........needless to say, she is having her meeting at the beaumont inn....now if this company manages money like it arranges meetings, then i pity any who attend and/or sign on for their services.  of course, if she actually sent out the invites to our place rather than beaumont, it could be very funny today around noon........