         mean mamma is in theologocial turmoil, and she has got it bad. its all about church and the oldest's graduation, and i can't see a good solution.  the oldest refuses to be included in our church's annual senior recognition sunday.  this goes beyond shyness- rather to a feeling of alienation on his part to the church.  i didn't quite understand the extent of this alientation until youth sunday yesterday- when the youth group did the service. stephan, the second son, calls our church's youth group the boyle county social club, as 100% are from the county and what few danville city school students who actually go to our church have given up on it. during one of the prayers, a junior at bchs actually prayed thanks to the best church and the best school SYSTEM in the best town in america. not plural, singular. that could have been a slip, but the sentiment has always been plain that the county kids are friends and the non-county kids are not part of the group. Andrew quit going to sunday school years ago, and i suspect that stephan will do the same soon. i do not blame andrew for not wanting to be associated with this crowd, at least not as much, after the service. for starts, they did an 'interpretive' song- which bordered on ridiculous- with hands motions similar to american deaf language but corny beyond words. it was a bit over the top in relation to my confort level on public displays of religious fervor.  the personal testimonies really got to me- one senior girl from bchs described a writing portfolia piece in which she recollected a christian rock concert she had attended at which she had an epiphany about not prejudging other people based on appearance. then she preceded to admit that she had fabricated most of the story, but contended that she still did not judge others by appearance- that may be so, but i do suspect that my son's decreasing interest in attending our church has something to do with the prejudging and exclusion of those who do not attend bchs.    on the other hand, andrew has attended this church since he was three years old, he was baptised there, and is a member.   i am saddened that he feels no connection to people who have watched him grown up before their eyes. senior recognition cermeonies, like graduation ceremonies are not just for the people being honored. they are for the parents, and others who have supported and nurtured these youths for all these years.  to simply refuse to show up because you are shy or because you don't feel connected isn't a good enough reason to not show up.  life is a two way relationship between you and those around you.  there are things you do to be part of a community. to not show up slaps us all in the face.