         ok, so our computer monitor has bit the dust, so i am forced to hook up our laptop to the modem to access the internet.  i have many things to report- one being that i talked again to mardi montgomery, ryan montgomery's mother, at the danville soccer alumni game- she quit her position as english teacher at bchs on thursday, and she will be working for danville schools as the gifted and talented coordinator- for those who don't know mardi- she was the best thing that bchs had to offer, and now she is working for danville. life is good.    stephan attended the preservation conference held this week at centre- and learned about historical buildings that can be saved, how one goes about saving them, etc. this conference was an interesting juxtaposition to the destruction of the fourplex next to stith funeral home on broadway across from the library.  that fourplex was owned by henry j. ernst-ernst c-w's namesake- we call him h.j-  now hj moved to danville from newport, ky to set up the sewing machines at palm beach in the 30's- he married his third wife in danville, and lived in the lake house- now our house. when 'aunt ginny' died, he moved to a vacant apartment in his fourplex- he was living there when i started going out with ernst- the first i ever heard of danville was when billy barnet the lawyer called kathyrn (ernst's mother) to tell her that she had to come get hj out of jail- he had thought that someone was breaking into his car, and when the police came he got confused and thought they were 'the damn kids' breaking into his car and started shooting his rifle at them.  the first time i came to danville was to help clean out the apartment at the fourplex and the lakehouse.  the job at the hospital came up soon after, and we moved to town. we managed the apartment building for a time- i can remember a little old lady calling us up in the middle of the night to tell us that a mouse had bitten through her hose on her washing machine and what were we going to do about it.  grandpa moved home with kathryn for awhile, and then to an assisted lving home, and then back to friendship/fellowship on north third street. the building on broadway was sold to the orthodontist to pay for the nursing home- the orthodontist then sold it to stith.  and now it is gone.  kathryn is also gone- which is a blessing, because she would have been upset about the bulldozing of the building.  not a historical building, not one of architectural merit, but one that had meaning in the small c-w circle of memories.