         ok, so mean mamma has been a sluggish blogger of late- and she will rectify this failing.  today, though i keep thinking back to the wtc- to my only visit to the wtc- because sheldon and ann sent me an invitation to sheldon's opening and i took this as an invitation to travel to nyc with scw on a whim.  we went to the wtc (?building 1or 2) to get discount tickets for cats- after our visit to ellis island & the statue of liberty. we also went to a big discount store (century 21?) to buy stephan a cardigan- and therefore missed out on meeting madeline l'engle at books of wonder(stephan has since discarded both the cardigan and the madeline l'engle books, so it';s all even now.....) but the wtc- we took ots of pictures-- it was a saturday morning and few people were around. we didn't go up because i hate heights- and have declined numerous trips up high places like the tour eiffel., etc. after i lived through the first visit..........while this trip to nyc will be forever remembered as the trip whereupon i lost stephan c-w in the subway- i now choose to remember it as the trip where we stood below the twin towers in awe of the effort it took to put them up, and the trip where we stood in awe on ellis island, and the trip where we went out to dinner with sheldon's parents and talked of french food and hardy garden plants, anf the trip where we saw the exhibit at the met on peruvian gold and the partially closed guggenheim and the neat deli and the polish demonstration/parade, and the tiny hotel room, and cats- such a wonderful musical- too bad it closed for good.  all these things are my memories of 9-11.......not because they happened on 9-11, but because it was the last time i was in nyc.....  i find it quite ironic that i have been to paris 10 times, but to nyc 3 times- why such a lopsided statistic? why do i feel so welcome in paris but not in nyc?  i would go to paris tomorrow if i had the funds, but would think twice about going to nyc tomorrow.......and i have had someone try to pick my purse in paris...........well, belated thanks to the silver-tapley's for inviting us to their soiree- it was well-timed, considering, and i am thankful that we took the plunge and went ( i can say that now that the trip is paid for, cannot i?)