         ok, so here are the top 10 reasons why i like the 'fall back' time change-  1. i get to sleep an extra hour without guilt 2. it was actually daylight when i woke up an extra hour later today 3. i got to reset some clocks that were not accurately set during the last time change...like this computer...... 4. the newspapers have cute headlines reminding us about the change 5-10.- ok, so there are not 10 reasons- but the 4 reasons above still count.......  more about the centre homecoming party i worked last night-  one of the 'older' reunions- i am still amazed at how much whiskey was consumed- entirely by males, with their wives drinking the more demure white wine........(and plenty of that, by the way) i have never aquired a taste for bourbon- so it was surprising to see grown men reach inside coat pockets for flasks from which to pour out their favorite brand- different from the host's brand- a falsk seems so -prohibition'- which i suppose is the case here-  one man was talking about the 'bar in a box' he keeps in his car trunk so he is never without something after golfing or if a hostess doesn't offer bourbon at a party.......another talked about he and a friend brought 200 quarts of beer to their fraternity at centre years ago(?45?) and sold them to anybody but other fraternities.......being one of the few sober people at a party is a curious situation- happily we were in the kitchen and got to watch the uk game on the tiny tv- also got to see all of the score updates- osu beat penn state and michigan lost to somebody- now that is a good day in my book......i hope that i am not working during the michigan-osu game......that is the only football game that i watch as a yearly tradition......  i still cannot get over how much of the univeristy of cincinnati campus i have forgotten since 1980 when i finished my master's degree- driving in- with directions from my sister-in-law- i could barely recognize landmarks that should have been icons-  granted- i spent most of my time in the hospital 'ghetto' to the north of campus- and always went to class from that direction. i really never ventured to the side of the law school, i suppose......