         ok, so someone in my family has erased all the email addresses in the handy pull-down menu- the one that lists all of the recently visited addresses.  i often use this menu to go back to frequently visited locations rather than typing in the addresses each time. someone must have visited locations too sensitive for family viewing- and erased all trace. ironically, i would not have noticed nor would i have actually visited nonfamiliar addresses- it is the only the absence of any addresses that makes mean mamma suspicious......yes, this family member could have visited princess diana sites, or michael jackson sites, but somehow i doubt that the string of sites would have been this interesting.....  we are leaving for cincinnati in a few hours- for lunch with ecw's sister lisa and brother james, and maybe a drive-by visit by sister elaine, the one who made such a hullabuloo at the funeral over the will. i would actually like to talk to her, as she is the only one in the family who speaks spanish (she has a degree in spanish, no less) and once visited spain in college (wearing mix-and-match drip-dry wardrobe made by my mother-in-law that i heard about on numerous occassions over the past 21 years........) i would feel badly visiting spain without consulting with her, even if briefly, on our itinerary.  speaking of speaking spanish,  my own personal dialect coach is getting on my last nerve over pronunciation of spanish words- i have been using the dk spanish tapes, which pronounces c with a th sound- words like barcelona come out barthelona......- at least according to my tapes.  there is one in my midst who disputes that the th rather than c pronunciation is spain-wide- maybe only in catalonia.......and describes my attempts at spanish words with a c as lisping.......anyway- i want my sisterinlaw to clear up this whole lisping spanish thing.........  i am bringing a relish tray- with all of my favorite crudites.  the jar of pickled okra has been opened (not by me) but once opened- i haven't been able to resist. i love pickled okra. i hope no one in my family blabs that there would have been pickled okra on the tray if not for the mean mamma....... maybe santa will bring a jar or two for my stocking.    ah well, here's to a happy thanksgiving for you and yours.........