The joys of technology is that there is ALWAYS something new to toy with.  I found out about this thanks to Chris Pirillo over at Lockergnome via his Windows Newsletter.  I am not sure what I am going to use this for.  I am very good at mindless drivel and I do fancy myself as somewhat of an amatuer writer so perhaps I will publish some of my thoughts.     Since this is my VERY FIRST BLOGGER entry I need to say something about me and my family. I live in Goose Creek SC with my family (Katy , Justin, Kristina).  I have a 15 yr old boy by the name of Jeremy in Houston Texas and a daughter (Jessica) that went to be with the Lord on August 5 of 2001.   I am just turned 40 and as I look back I am very blessed to have survived this last 40 years with no worse the wear both phyiscally or emotionally. In June 2000 Jessica Ann was diagnosed with cancer and we lived with that issue up until her passing on August 5th, 2001.   We are working on getting life back to normal.   I am the LAN Manager at the Naval Weapons Station in Charleston.  I manage 8 servers and approximately 125 nodes for the Public Works Commission.  This LAN is part of a larger MAN located on the Naval Weapons Station.  Year 2002 finds me and Katy looking forward to Weigh Down workshop.   Grace Fellowship Church is going to allow us to host this workshop at the church fellowship hall. We have had our first inquiry about this workshop.  We will need three or four more folks to get started officially.   Start date is the first part of February.  I seriously need to drop some weight and having experienced the loss of 35 lbs with this system back in 1999 I know it will be beneficial to my health.  I work from 6 am until 2:30 pm so that will allow me to do this in the evenings once per week.  I have become quite an avid student of bowling this last year.  Some of the folks at our church are in the habit of bowling every Sunday and I bowl on a league on the Naval Weapons Station each Monday evening.  Our bowling team is called Holy Rollers and currently we are in 3rd place.   Having used a straight ball for bowling I have decided that my average is just not going to improve.  I purchased a relaxed fingertip ball which will allow me to develop a hook for better control and more direct hits to the pocket which hopefully will increase my pin count and therefore my overall average.    Jesus Connect Ministries consumes a good portion of my time online.  The year 2002 finds us implementing a new version of Off World Colony which will fully automate a lot of functionality both on the server and for the administrators who run it on a daily basis.   That would be me.  Reynold, who is our founder and technical support guru, is going to chat with me on the 12th of this month and get me  up to speed.   Battle Plan Ministries has taken off like wildfire as Bill and Elly Berry head up the sexual addictions support message phorums.  Bill Berry is an elder at Central Church in Memphis Tenn and he has been able to get his church to engage what he is doing through BPM for a support group at his church helping men and women who are fighting with sexual addictions.  I am praying and trusting God to send us more Internet savy christians that can help us with the many phases of ministry here at Jesus Connect.  The year 2002 finds Katy and I going through the initial phases of grief after having lost a child to cancer.   We are on month number 5 without Jessica and I believe that we are just now getting to a point where we fully realize that she is gone.  We were invited to a weekend at Myrtle Beach on January 18th where we will be meeting with other parents who have lost children to cancer.  I am thinking that this will be good for us even though I am not really looking forward to it.  My wife is looking forward to a week away from Goose Creek and the kids.   More updates on this as things change.  I believe that I will be pointing all of my friends and family to my "Blogger"  page for updates from here on out.  This appears to be a way to share information without having to send out multiple e-mails to multiple e-mail addresses or distribution lists.  I can also write down my thoughts anywhere I am at and then just transfer them to my Blogger interface and publish them at will.     Be sure to come back often.  I drivel quite often.  I probably drivel way too much but you might get something out of what I say if only things to pray about.  I am hopeful that my thoughts and daily struggles will be a reflection of my faith in Christ as HE is the center and purpose of my life.   I am hopeful that as I voice my daily thoughts and struggles to this blog that someone will be encouraged and lifted up.   God is my refuge, my strength in time of trouble.  Without God I would be nothing.    James Moffitt January 9, 2002