As you get to know James Moffitt you will realize that you will be exposed to the many "personas" of me, I and myself.  Some days you might come to my web log and find myself in a full fledged conversation with myself fully not expecting anyone else to be here.   That is OK....  My doctor said I would be fine.  He just did not say when.   hahahahahahaha.  For those of you that REALLY KNOW me you understand the story that goes along with that statement.    The cool thing about blogging or having the ability to maintain a weblog is that when you forget to blather about a point or two you can just pick up where you left off and bore folks to death with a new blog.   :) It also helps to give me something to do while the rest of my family, birds, fish, cats and doggie are still fast asleep.   Here are the different sides to James Moffitt  A. Personal Ministry for Christ.  I spend a LOT of time in ministry to others through Jesus Connect Ministries online and in personal ministry through activities at church which include helping out occasionally with pulpit ministry,  Audio and Video production and maintenance, mimimal childrens ministry help and of course our bowling team on Sunday afternoons.   B. MR. TECHNOLOGY....  I live and breath technology at an alarming rate.   Am I the sharpest pin in the pile with regards to technology?  I am sure that there are those out there in cyberspace and in the IT industry that are much sharper than I.  I have been in Information Technology now for approximately 12 years.  If your issue has anything to do with Intel based Microcomputers and the software and hardware that runs on them then I will probably be able to help you with it.  If you have questions about the Internet and the many programs that you can use to get what you need from the Web I am the man for the job.  I have about 7 years of Internet experience so I am an excellent resource for new cybercitizens.     C. WRITER and UNKNOWN Author.  :)  I fancy myself to be somewhat of a writer.   My wife calls me a master babbler which means that once I get started it is very difficult to shut me up.  I love to talk and I love to write.  I tend to write about either Christianity (my personal walk especially) OR Technology.  I have found that the Internet and the World Wide Web is an excellent way to share your mindless drivel with the global audience.     D.  DEEP THINKER.....   If you put me in a room full of social butterflies that are geniuses when it comes to the game Trivial Pursuit and superficial conversation I would last about 10 minutes before I find my escape route out of the room.  Put me in a situation where I am talking to one to five people and we can get beyond the surface in convesation and I thrive in that environment.  I am a REAL person that experiences REAL life in a REAL way and am always searching for REAL HOPE and REAL solutions to REAL PROBLEMS.  In my experience MOST folks are the same way.  I have found that my walk with Jesus Christ thus far has been my ONLY HOPE for most of the problems in my life.You will find my talking more often than not about my daily struggle to figure out and live those things that God shows me through my personal relationship to Him.