Prisoner abuse (cough....)    Rant mode on....   I wonder if you can do different colors and fonts in our blogs?  I would love to highlight utter nonsense in RED, especially when RANT MODE IS ON.....  Cough....  Apparently some dear folks are WORRIED that we are aBuSiNg prisoners of war.  Cough.....  SAY DO WHAT ??  Imagine this scenario.  You hired terrorists to fly large airplanes into a large building in a third world country.  Something goes horribly wrong and the country you reside in is besieged by that countries armed forces and you are captured.  What do YOU suppose is going to happen to your SORRY HIDE now??  Lets see about taking a trip down memory lane to Viet Nam.   Yikes.  Remember the horror stories about the POW camps there?  I believe that most animal shelters treated cujo BETTER.     (Imagine me jumping up and down now)  I can not do this for long since I am no longer light as a feather BUT this sort of thing makes me hopping mad.  (The jumping has to stop folks, sorry)  (Deep Breath)  Does the Geneva Convention ONLY apply to Americans?  Give me a break......  Are we treating the prisoners in a humane fashion?  How dare we put shackles and hoods on people who put on tennis shoes laced with explosives.  I thank God this idiot was too STUPID to get the thing lit.  Did they FORGET how to put a fuse in it so HE could light it?  Oh DUH........  So, this guy is not the brightest bulb in the chandelier huh?  I VOTE that instead of us spending our TAX dollars to build more prisons for POW's (not to mention the cost of taking care of them) that we fly the whole lot of them out to the Pacific ocean somewhere and dump them off on an uninhabited island.  Provide them with a shovel, hoe and a bag of seed of some type.  Give each of them a parachute and send them on their way.  Heck, just to satisfy the flesh here why dont we drop the folks about 1 mile off shore and make them atleast swim the last mile since we did pay for the fuel to get them there and the gardening tools and seed.  If they cant swim maybe one of their terrorist friends will help them out.     RANT MODE OFF   Remember that this is MY personal opinion.  If you would like to share your opinion with me in personal e-mail FIRE away.  Just dont flame me for my opinion.  OK ?? :)