Spiritual Awkening, when will it happen to the church?   I wrote this in response to a friend of mine who posted a message about spiritual decay in America.  This response speaks directly to those of us who call ourselves men of God.       A spiritual awakening will have to start with us. The men of our families , of our churhes, of our communities, of our hearts.     Until the men, who are supposed to be  leaders , in every facet of our lives decide to  pick up our cross  and  count the cost  to do God's will in our lives sin will prevail.  Lets look at this in a practical way since it is hard to define the affects of what our action would do on a bigger scale.    Imagine what would happen if you came home after work to find your mail box had been knocked down. We would be irritated and we would eventually put the mailbox back where it belongs. We would reinstall our mailbox where it once stood.  Imagine how angry you would get IF that same mailbox started to get knocked down 3 days out of 7 or 5 days out of 7 or even worse yet, every day of the week.  What lengths would we take to STOP this from happening?  Would we use cash to buy a more sturdy mailbox?  Would we put the wood or metal that supports the mailbox in concrete now? Would we hook up our video camera to a vcr and let it run all day to catch the perp who is doing this?  Would we get our neighbor to watch the mailbox and house to see what is happening?  The point is simple.  You would do everything within your power and reason to stop the destruction of your property.  What about bad things being done to your family.  What would you do if your wife or daughters were being sexually harrased or physically harmed?  You would do everything in your power to stop the person from continuing this action.  Why is it we will go to every length to protect our mailbox and our family members but when it comes to issues of morality and national integrity with regards to moral standards we allow them to be continually flushed down the toilet?  When the Victoria Secret commercials come on during prime time hours do we change the channel or turn off the TV or do we just sit there and watch?  What about soft porn that shows on the premium cable channels late at night.  When we are surfing the channels and find the smut do we automatically change the channel or are we drawn to it like a moth to a flame?  How many times will we get burned by the evil wickedness of this day and age before we understand what is happening to our world?  How can the integrity of our testimony of who Christ is to us continue to be destroyed while we choose to live and condone a lifestyle of moral decay all around us?    The answer to that question is simple.   We can NOT continue to destroy our testimony or witness for Christ .  The world around us is dependant upon us to be real about our faith and love for others and holiness and obedience to Gods word. We must quit living for today and start looking towards the future and things of eternal value.