Disjointed Drivel   Today is Thursday and tomorrow will be the day that I fly to Canton Ohio to see my sister.  Tanya and I have lost that sibling connection over the years so it will be like visiting with a stranger that I will have to get to know all over again.  I doubt that I will have the time to really know who Tanya is but I will just have to make the best of the short weekend that I will spend in Ohio.  The forecast for Canton is snow.  Yeeeeeha...   I wonder if I can stuff some in my pockets and make it back here to Charleston BEFORE it melts.  It has been approximately 9 years since I have seen my sister.  So many things have transpired in our lives and we have a lot of catching up to do.  I guess that you could say that we had a pretty rough childhood emotionally speaking.  Our parents did the best they could with what they had but they went overboard with the discipline.  There are times that I look back at how hard they were and I can see how it has helped me during rough times in my life. There are also times where I can look back and see the damage that they did to me as well.    When Tanya left home she had a rebellious spirit and chose to enjoy her new found freedoms.  All of that is a long story and a bit too personal to share perhaps.  I will say that Tanya has gotten trapped into a downward spiraling madness called life.  I am praying that Tanya will come out of that tailspin before it is too late.  Tanya has made some personal life choices that I will respect but can not embrace.  I know that we had a rough upbringing and I can see how that has caused Tanya some problems in adult life but it is time to move past that.  It has been 22 years since childhood and now it is time to be an adult and make some solid choices that will have a positive impact instead of a negative one.  I am hoping to lovingly encourage Tanya to take a look at some of the choices that she has ahead of her from here on out.  I will pray that God will give me the wisdom as to what to say and when and how.  I will pray that God would touch her heart in such a way that she will be free from some of the garbage in her life and find a new found purpose that only God can give.  We have all made some bad choices in our lives and as we walk through the consequences of those decisions we hopefully become better and stronger people.  Sometimes the consequences damage us and we are never the same because of the choices we make.  We all know of folks in our families and our inner circle of people that we come into contact with that are suffering from bad choices.   We would all like to just make those things right again and take away the consequences.  We would like to think that while we are unable to fix everything in other people's lives that perhaps God would magically take away all the pain and suffering and we could just start over again.    The reality of living is that we are changing and being molded into the people we are becoming.  Life, learning and the pursuit of happiness never stops.  Going from this life into the life beyond will be affected by the choices we make in the here and now.  When we have left this world and our family is left behind here for a time what kind of legacy we leave behind is up to us.  My hope is that I leave behind a legacy that reflects of a person who is real and who desires to get the lessons of life learned and took the time to share those lessons with other people.  That is one of the reasons that I am doing this web log.  I want to share my life experiences in the hopes that it will benefit someone else.  In the grand scheme of things I am but one person.  In the opinion of a lot of people I may be insignificant but I know that the creator of this universe has a purpose for my life and He gives me that desire to be the best that I can be and to share it with others.  What good is a legacy if you do not share it along the way while you are still here?