My sister lives in Canton Ohio.  I have not seen her in over 9 years and therefore I made a trip to Canton Ohio to visit with her.  I left last Friday night and came back on Sunday afternoon.   I arrived in Canton Ohio at approximately 10:30 pm where it was snowing and VERY cold.  I thought that I would enjoy seeing the snow until I had to endure renting a car from Hertz.  I would have never expected the twilight zone experience but it was there awaiting me to arrive.  I checked out the car while waiting for my baggage to arrive in baggage claim.  I showed the attendant the confirmation number from the print out I got from priceline.com.  The attendant then charges 169.00 to my Visa when I only had 164.00 available.  Unknown to me Hertz charges 40.00 above and beyond the actual charge anticipating that you will bring the car back a day late or without gasoline.  They only charge 4.54 per gallon if you forget to fill it.  That is reasonable aye?  I finally snag the car keys and my bag and head out into the snow.  I get to the car which is about 45 yards from the terminal and discover the key does not work.  No matter how I try the key it wont work.  I decided to try the car door and it was unlocked after all.  Did I just unlock it and not understand how it worked?  I dug out a piece of paper with regards to the car rental and had a question for the attendant so I locked my bag in the back seat and headed back to the terminal.  Snow is driving horizontal and it is about 25 degrees here.  After talking to the clueless attendant about the confirmation and how it was supposedly already charged to my VISA I soon find out that I will do better talking to the manager on Monday.  I head back out to the car to find that I can NOT open the vehicle.  Five trips to the terminal building and two hours of helping the Hertz maintenance man to break into the car I am finally on my way to my sisters house.    The visit with my sister was relatively uneventful and I was glad I was able to make the trip.  I was able to meet one of my nephews and his wife and children which was neat.  It was weird being called Uncle James and watching my sister being called Mom.   My sister apparently had a run in with a projection screen in Feb of 2001 and has been suffering from head injury related illnesses every since then.  Head aches and gran mal seizures are on the top of the list of ailments to pray about.    James Moffitt Jesus Connect Ministries http://www.jesus-connect.net jcmoffitt@jesus-connect.net