Walking in Abundant life     Our life is but a vapor.  We are passing through this world to enter into eternity.  Eternity can be a scary thing especially if what it holds for us is uncertain.  Fear is usually fear of the unknown.  Fear can paralyze us and keep us from knowing joy, happiness and contentment with who we are and where we are in life.   Life is a gift and we believe as Christians that God is the giver of this life.  Some of us would further define God in the person of Jesus Christ.  The Bible outlines a plan that God has given us so that we can walk in Abundant Life.   Lets examine some of the scripture that shows us what the bible says about Life and Death.      John 10:9 "I am the door. If anyone enters by Me, he will be saved, and will go in and out and find pasture.   10 "The thief does not come except to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. I have come that they may have life, and that they may have it more abundantly.   11 "I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd gives His life for the sheep.   John 3:14 "And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up,  15 "that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have eternal life.  16 "For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.   John 4:14 "but whoever drinks of the water that I shall give him will never thirst. But the water that I shall give him will become in him a fountain of water springing up into everlasting life."   John 5:24 "Most assuredly, I say to you, he who hears My word and believes in Him who sent Me has everlasting life, and shall not come into judgment, but has passed from death into life.   John 7:14 For the gate is narrow and the way is hard, that leads to life, and those who find it are few.   James 1:13 Let no one say when he is tempted, "I am tempted by God"; for God cannot be tempted with evil and he himself tempts no one;  14 but each person is tempted when he is lured and enticed by his own desire.  15 Then desire when it has conceived gives birth to sin; and sin when it is full-grown brings forth death.   The bible is our guide to life.  The bible is our source of originality.  The bible is our authority with regards to the beginning and end of life.  The bible is our guide to living a life of abundance through Christ Jesus our Lord.  Some folks believe that our existence was an accident and that we have evolved from being a cave man to a higher form of life.    I believe that each of us belongs to a global community called humanity.  I believe that God created man and that we are to worship Him.  I believe that God created us to enjoy those things that He has provided us with.  God created us and provided us with everything that we need in order to have abundant life.  I believe that God defines what our needs are through the pages of our bible.   I also believe that we have gotten our needs and wants messed up and our life has gotten out of balance.  I also believe that the evil of this present world has drawn some of us out and separated us from our full potential as Christians.     In an effort to pursue God we have set up different religions and religious denominations with unique definitions of behavior and religious requirements that are necessary in order to find God and have abundant life.    What does life consist of on a personal level?    Eating Sleeping Emotions Thought life Sexual needs Intellect Physiology Religion Personal hygiene Entertainment Education Sports Hobbies Children Work Relationships Perceptions  As Christians we have entered into a personal relationship with God through a personal relationship with Jesus Christ.  I am not speaking of an emotional guilt or reflex that causes us to behave religiously.  I am talking about our coming face to face with God of the universe because He revealed His plan for us through the reading of His word or by listening to His word being delivered to you through a sermon, bible study or personal testimony of another believer.  When we become Disciples of Christ we move from one relationship into another.  The bible says that we either serve the devil or we serve God.  We have allegiance to either one or the other.  We make a commitment to either one or the other.  We cannot serve God and Satan at the same time.  We have to make a choice that will have eternal circumstances.    Christianity is not a religious behavior but a way of life.  Our behavior does not define what Christianity is but our actions define how Christ has changed our lives from the inside out.   The difference between a religion vs. Christianity is a religion defines how we can become Holy enough to approach God while Christianity empowers us through the Holy Spirit to KNOW God on a personal basis and allows us to learn how to walk according to His will for our lives and our community.    Thanks to the Information Age we have more information available to us in real time than ever before.  Can you imagine that a world event sometimes took days, weeks or months to be reported to the rest of the global community?  Those were the days when we did not have tele-type, telephones, fax machines, computers, e-mail, satellite, pagers, or cellular communications.  How many of us know more about the bible and its doctrines than we know how to live our Christianity in a practical way?  Do we major in information gathering and minor in living the truth of Gods word?  Do we focus more on attending church, doing religious traditions, reading books about God, attend seminars than we do on learning how to live the life of a Christian?  If the answer were yes then I would believe that is the root cause for our failing to experience Abundant Life that Christ spoke of.    How many of us have the family bible sitting on our desk, end table or up on the shelf gathering dust?  The only time some of us open the bible is when the pastor or bible study teacher tells us to open it up and direct us to a chapter and verse.  Some of us treat our bibles just like we do the remote control for our TV sets.  We take out the remote from the package, put in fresh batteries and when we want to change the channel we punch the right buttons.  Has our Christianity turned into a series of bad commercials that we are frantically trying to flip through?  Are we hurriedly flipping through the abundant life that God has outlined in the pages of His word or are we taking time to absorb the information within the pages of His book?  We entered into a personal relationship with Christ, asked the Holy Spirit to enter into our hearts so we would have power on high and then we allow the cares of this world and the endless sin in our lives to drain the life right out of us.    If we do not feed our souls the word of God we will be like a ship without a rudder.  We will become like a ship without direction and no power.  The Holy Spirit within us will be quenched and stifled to the point that HE will be grieved.   The key to abundant life is a personal relationship with the God  (Jesus Christ) of our universe.  A relationship must be nourished and tended to on a daily basis.  If you are in a marriage relationship you understand how important it is to work at keeping that relationship healthy.  Relationships of all types require nurturing and that takes energy and focus.  Relationships take commitment and personal sacrifice.   The word of God, the power of prayer and the Holy Spirit and the people in Gods kingdom is what defines us as Christians.  Without those critical elements our faith would be powerless and useless.   The benefit of a relationship with Christ is abundant life, fulfillment and challenge.  God says in His word that He will write down our names in the Lambs book of Life and will allow us entrance to Heaven to worship Him for eternity.  We must choose to keep our commitment strong to which we are in the kingdom of God on a daily basis.   The bible says that we are to be in the world but not of the world.  Does that mean that we do not associate ourselves with people who do not subscribe to our faith in Christ?  Do we totally reject every single thing about our world and move into caves and become outcasts of society?  I believe that God wants us to be salt of the earth and the light of the world.  Our faith brings flavor and our life of integrity lights the way to the kingdom of God for all who will look.   Relationship evangelism is a key way in which we can get to know someone, show him or her that we care, live our life of faith in front of him or her without compromise and allow the power of the Holy Spirit to draw him or her to the kingdom.  We must learn how to love people and despise their sin.  We must despise their sin because we know that the consequences of sin is death.  We must learn how to show the love of God to people through mercy and compassion.   Chuck Swindoll stated in his book on Compassion that People do not care how much you know until you know how much you care.  Once upon a time I was zealous for God.  I was so zealous about telling people about the truth of Gods word that I sacrificed the love of God, compassion for people and mercy.  People need to know that God loves them.   People need to know that God is a God of love, mercy and compassion.  People need to know that God has given them a choice.  We must live our lives in such a way that people can clearly see their choices.    We must know HOW to LIVE out our faith in God in a real way for the world to see.  Our lives must be an open book so that our victories and defeats can reflect the power of God.  The following list will attempt to reflect some of our daily battles and some of our choices.     I recognize the benefits of growing in the knowledge of Gods word but I struggle in choosing to study Gods word.  I would rather watch TV or read a good book than study Gods word.   I want to be more like Christ in my thoughts and feelings but I find it difficult to get away from my old life habits and sin nature.  The old nature is too difficult to overcome sometimes.   I see a need to pursue God on a regular basis to grow our relationship but I tend to only seek Him when I am in trouble.   I find it difficult to make personal sacrifices that will benefit me in my Christian growth because it is so much easier to go along with the crowd.  My nature is to do what comes easiest to me instead of what is difficult.    I understand more about WHO God is to me but I am finding it difficult to translate His changes to me in a practical way.       I constantly find myself having to focus on my thought life and having to rebuke impure thoughts with regards to my fellow man.  I catch myself listening to others gossip and passing that information on through gossiping myself.    I have a problem with my temper and catch myself speaking sharply to my children or spouse.  I find myself sacrificing my relationships with people for the sake of pursuing personal wealth, status and power.   I find it difficult to reach out to others who are more needy than myself.  I catch myself focusing on my problems more often than not.  I find that it is easier to be critical of my pastor and the church I attend instead of taking the time to pray for the people and situations.   My addictions to food, sex, drink or drugs have robbed me of joy, peace and contentment.    As you can see this list could go on forever.  Now that we have scratched the surface with regards to some of the things that are affecting our ability to walk in abundant life lets look at some positive things that we can do in order to make wrong things right.  The problem with our lack of balance with regards to living out our faith is very similar to the problems that we have in our educational system of today.  Why are our schools releasing young people into society without the necessary skills that will enable them to be productive members of society?      A.Our children do not have a firm grasp on the fundamental basics, which include reading, writing and arithmetic.  Without the basic learning blocks how can we expect them to have the necessary skills for higher learning?  B.Our children attend battle zones for schools.  When we attended school our issues were talking in class and chewing gum and fist fights in the parking lot.  Our children have to endure an environment filled with violence because of drug abuse and kids carrying guns to school.    C.Our children are not receiving discipline at home and the school systems are forced to do what the parents are supposed to be doing to begin with.  How can teachers do what they are gifted to do when the children are not focused enough to do the work?  Living in an instantaneous society is not conducive to the kids taking the time to learn but would rather goof off and play.    D.Our children are subjected to teachers who are not committed to teaching.  It is hard to get an education when school systems are not willing to provide a work environment that rewards teachers for the sacrifices they make.  That drives teachers out of the classroom into other occupations that pay more.   Now lets look at how people have gotten out of balance with regards to experiencing Abundant Life that God has for us.    We have not learned the basics of our faith.    Scripture memorization, regular bible study and becoming knowledgeable about basic bible doctrine have left us weak and vulnerable to our enemy who is Satan.   The bible says this about our enemy.  Peter I 5:7 Cast all your anxieties on him, for he cares about you.  8 Be sober, be watchful. Your adversary the devil prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking some one to devour.  9 Resist him, firm in your faith, knowing that the same experience of suffering is required of your brotherhood throughout the world.  10 And after you have suffered a little while, the God of all grace, who has called you to his eternal glory in Christ, will himself restore, establish, and strengthen you.   We have forgotten that Satan is the enemy of God.  That means that YOU are the enemy of God.  Satan will drag you into the pits of Hell with him IF you allow yourself to be taken.  Satan is the great deceiver and has the ability to deceive people IF they are not preparing their minds with the truth of Gods word.  The bible says in the book of Hosea.   Hosea 4:6 My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge; because you have rejected knowledge, I reject you from being a priest to me. And since you have forgotten the law of your God, I also will forget your children.   This is what the bible says about the IMPORTANCE of reading Gods word.   Hebrews 4:11 Let us labour therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief.  12 For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart.  Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.  Timothy II 2:14 Of these things put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers.  15 Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth.  16 But shun profane and vain babblings: for they will increase unto more ungodliness.   We carelessly place ourselves in the middle of the minefields of life and wonder why we get our toes blown off.    We forget whom we belong to and we continue to act as if nothing has changed when we enter into a personal relationship with Christ.  We look to God as a puppet that we can manipulate when things go wrong but the rest of the time we leave Him on the shelf.  We entertain our minds and bodies with the cares of this world, which have no eternal meaning and lose out as we rush past the golden nuggets of a life filled with faithful obedience to Christ.  Our walk with Christ should be one of discipline, focus and diligence.   There is an old saying that says, Birds of a feather flock together.  We must learn how to associate ourselves with Kingdom Kids.  We need to seek out a good bible teaching church with people who are REAL about their relationship with God so that we can LEARN and GROW in our faith walk.  If we expect the power of God to be transferred into our lives and to give us REAL power so we can experience abundant life then we are going to have to place ourselves in the right environment for it to happen.    We run from discipline.    We live in an instant generation where we do not have to wait for anything.  We want it and we want it right now.  If you want something you do whatever you can to get it NOW.   Buy now and pay later is our motto.   In 2nd Corinthians we see the bible telling us therefore if any man be in Christ he is a NEW creation, old things pass away and all things become new.  We seem to think that our sinful nature is going to magically disappear and that we are going to completely and automatically bury our sin nature and that our NEW man (spirit man) is going to naturally spring forth.  We forget that there is a constant battle raging within our souls as the flesh competes with the power of the Holy Spirit that Christ places within us.  When we do something that we like we find out very quickly that we must discipline ourselves to learn HOW to get better at doing it.  If you like to bowl and you want to get better then you have to discipline yourself to learn HOW to approach the line and release that bowling ball in such a way that you can hit the head pin and knock down everything at once.  If you do not get it right then you will see that you are off balance and the ball will not hit the mark and then you will have to try it again.  We must determine to be disciplined in order to read Gods word and understand How to apply biblical principles to our lives.    We are powerless because we do not pray.    If you love someone you spend time with them and you talk with them and you share your heart with them.  You share your deepest secrets with them and you listen to what they have to say.  You learn how to become intimately involved in everything that they do and say.  Our relationship with God should be the primary relationship where we learn how to be intimate with regards to who we are in the kingdom of God and what God wants to share with us.  If you do not have quiet time where you can speak to God and LISTEN to what God says back to you then you will lack power in your life.  There is NO WAY that a professing Christian can overcome sin habits or addictions in their life if they are not willing to take the time to have intimate and regular conversations with God.  Only God can change you from the inside out.  Your pastor cannot do it.  Your spouse cannot do it.  Your children cannot do it.  Only GOD can change you into the image of WHO HE wants you to be.  God desires for you to have a CLOSE relationship so that HE can reveal who HE IS in the world around you.  You cannot get what God has to offer if you only talk to Him when you are desperate for your problems to be solved.    We are vulnerable because we separate ourselves from the body of Christ on a regular basis.   God designed relationships for a purpose other than for us to have an avenue to populate the planet. Have you ever asked a child who God is?  More often than not they will tell you His name is Jesus.  If you ask a child where God is they will probably put their hand over their hearts.   Children know that the kingdom of God resides in our hearts.  God made us to worship Him and he created us with a void in our hearts and souls that only He can fill.  The kingdom of God is all around us in the people who love Him and call Him the Lord of their lives.   No man is an island and we NEED to be around people who have the same faith beliefs that we do.  We need to be around people that think and feel and believe just like we do.  We draw strength and assurance from one another and we can help each other to be accountable for the integrity of our walk with Christ.    We need close personal relationships with other believers so that we can learn from one another as we share our victories and defeats.  This will require that we let down the walls of our hearts and be real with one another.  This will require that we commit to being a person that someone will be safe sharing their heart with.  So many folks have been burned and hurt because a careless tongue broke confidentiality.    We cannot experience Abundant Life that God intends for us to have when we fail to fully embrace the spiritual gifts that He has given us.   God gives us faith so that we can believe.  Faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God.  We can believe in who God is because HE gives us the spiritual ability to believe through faith.  Hebrews 11:6 says "But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him."     Corinthians I 12:1 Now concerning spiritual gifts, brethren, I would not have you ignorant.  2 Ye know that ye were Gentiles, carried away unto these dumb idols, even as ye were led.  3 Wherefore I give you to understand, that no man speaking by the Spirit of God calleth Jesus accursed: and that no man can say that Jesus is the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost.  4 Now there are diversities of gifts, but the same Spirit.  5 And there are differences of administrations, but the same Lord.  6 And there are diversities of operations, but it is the same God which worketh all in all.  7 But the manifestation of the Spirit is given to every man to profit withal.  8 For to one is given by the Spirit the word of wisdom; to another the word of knowledge by the same Spirit;  9 To another faith by the same Spirit; to another the gifts of healing by the same Spirit;  10 To another the working of miracles; to another prophecy; to another discerning of spirits; to another divers kinds of tongues; to another the interpretation of tongues:  11 But all these worketh that one and the selfsame Spirit, dividing to every man severally as he will.  12 For as the body is one, and hath many members, and all the members of that one body, being many, are one body: so also is Christ.  13 For by one Spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free; and have been all made to drink into one Spirit.  14 For the body is not one member, but many.   Did you know that God has given you a spiritual gift?  Do you know what that gift is?  Have you ever been challenged to find out?  Do you think that you can be a part of Gods plan to reach the world for Christ or minister to the body of Christ around you without God equipping you for the task?  Spiritual gifts do several things.     Glorify God and His Kingdom  Minister to the needs of the world around you  Convict people of sin in their lives  Causes healing and restoration  Brings forth Gods word  Defeats Satan who is your enemy  Gives Abundant Life to those who use them   We sometimes experience failure and defeat because we need to allow God to develop the fruit of the spirit in our lives  How will people KNOW that we are Christians?  They will know us by our Love for one another, God and our spiritual fruit. Have you ever gotten zealous for God and gone off half cocked?  Our intentions are good and we mean well.  The only problem is we are not prepared for some of the battles and challenges of life because God is not finished with us yet.  Growing in grace and maturity takes time.  There is no substitute for Gods timing in our lives and the discipline to be obedient to His word.  Lets examine the fruit of the spirit according to what Gods word says.  Matthew 7:15 Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves.  16 Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, or figs of thistles?  17 Even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit.  18 A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit.  19 Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is hewn down, and cast into the fire.  20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them.  21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.  22 Many will say to me in that day, Lord, Lord, have we not prophesied in thy name? and in thy name have cast out devils? and in thy name done many wonderful works?  23 And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you: depart from me, ye that work iniquity.  24 Therefore whosoever heareth these sayings of mine, and doeth them, I will liken him unto a wise man, which built his house upon a rock:   Galatians 5:21 Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have also told you in time past, that they which do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.  22 But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith,  23 Meekness, temperance: against such there is no law.  24 And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts.  25 If we live in the Spirit, let us also walk in the Spirit.     Do we have a right to judge whether or not someone is a true Christian? I would say a resounding no. Only God truly knows our hearts.  Do we have the ability or right to be fruit inspectors?  Yes, we can see how folks live their lives and if they are Disciples of Christ we will see evidence of this through the fruit that God will produce in their lives.  The following statements are Spiritual Confessions of Gods Abundant Life.  I got these from the back of one of the church handouts at Abundant Life Church in Houston Texas.    Please allow me to encourage you to embrace each one of these confessions.  These confessions are biblical in nature and God has provided them for us in His word so that we can be strengthened and encouraged in times of trouble.   Life is full of challenges.  Life is full of victory and defeat.  Life is full of pain and anguish.   Bad things can happen to good people as well as bad.   Our Joy of the Lord MUST be our strength and we can not allow the circumstances of this world to rob us of this joy or Abundant Life.     I am not under guilt or condemnation There is no condemnation for those in Christ Jesus  Satan is a liar; I will not listen to His accusations  No weapon formed against me will prosper  I will confute every tongue rising against me in judgement  My mind is being renewed by the Word of God, I pull down strongholds  I cast down imaginings; I bring every thought captive to the obedience of Christ  I am accepted in the beloved  If God be for me, who can be against me?  Nothing can separate me from the Love of Christ  I am NOT a slave to SIN  I am a slave of God and a slave of Righteousness  I am delivered out of the Kingdom of darkness  I am now part of the Kingdom of God  I do not have to serve sin anymore  Sin no longer has dominion over me  Satan is defeated  The Son of God came into the world to destroy the works of the devil, No longer will he oppress me?  I defeat him by the blood of the Lamb, by the word of my testimony, loving not my life unto death.   I submit to God, I resist the devil and he will flee from me.  No temptation will overtake me that is not common to man.  God is faithful, he will not let me be tempted beyond my strength but with the temptation will also provide a way of escape that I may be able to endure it.   I will stand fast in the liberty with which Christ has made me free  Where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty   The law of the Spirit of life in Jesus Christ has set me free from the law of sin and death.   I will reign as a king in life through Jesus Christ  I am strong, the word of God abides in me, and I have overcome the evil one.   I am more than a conqueror through Christ who loves me  I am an overcomer  I can do all things in Christ who strengthens me  Thanks be to God who gives me the victory through Jesus Christ my Lord  I give no place to fear in my life, the fear of man brings a snare, but perfect love casts out fear.  I sought the Lord and He heard me and delivered me from all my fears  The Lord is my light and my salvation, whom shall I fear.  The Lord is the strength of my life of whom shall I be afraid  God is my refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble therefore I will not fear.  If I were still trying to please men, I should not be a servant of Jesus Christ  But I am a servant of the most high God.  I fear not, for he is with me.  I shall not be dismayed, for he is my God.  He will strengthen me, he will help me, he will uphold me  With his victorious right hand.  I am not ashamed of the Gospel, for it is the power of God unto salvation to those who believe  I am a minister of reconciliation  I am an ambassador for Christ  I received power when the Holy Spirit came upon me to be his witness  His word never returns void but always accomplishes the purpose for which he sent it  I am righteous, therefore, I am bold as a lion  He will never fail me nor forsake me, therefore, I can boldly say, The Lord is my Help, I shall not be afraid.  What can man do to me?     James Moffitt Jesus Connect Ministries http://www.jesus-connect.net jcmoffitt@jesus-connect.net