Well I started working for the Super Walmart that is about 5 miles down from us on Wens. the 26th of May. I went down there for an interview on Tuesday and was hired the same day! Talk about fast! lol On Thursday I took James to the airport to drop him off. I then went over to the school to talk to Justin's teacher and as I looked down on the seat, there was James' PDA. Well I went inside the school and used their phone to call him. Went straight back to the airport to give him his PDA before he left. He can't do anything without his "brain" as he calls it. It also had his credit card and money in it. hehe Well then i went to talk to Justin's teacher and to get his coat he left. It was teachers work day. SO i got to talk to her at length. It was a good conversation and I wished i could have stayed longer. I got a couple of treasures for Justin(worksheets and a container of Mealworms which turn into beatles). She also gave him a journal to use to write about the Mealworms. Well he has faithfully written in that book since he got it. I have to admit at first it sounded YUCKY but watching them develop has been quite facinating. hehe Well then i rushed home to get ready to go to work. I was suppose to be there by 12. I got changed and headed out the door. I have been using James car since he was gone. Boy that car can go. I was just a driving and drinking Slimfast cause i did not have time to grab a bite to eat. Next thing i know there was a police car trying to get in my lane behind me. I was sitting at the light watching through my rear view mirror. Then he got in my lane behind me and put on his lights...OOPS!! So i pulled up into a parking lot. He came around and we did the see your drivers license and registration routine. He came back and said Mrs. Moffitt do you know why i pulled you over. I said "Well, I am not sure but I am using my husband's car and I just got new shoes. So i might have been speeding." He said "Yes, you were going 57 in a 45". I am just going to give you a warning but if it had been a ticket it would have been 180 dollars and 4 points off your driving record. So now when i go on that street and am in James' car, I use the cruise control and only drive 45. Lesson learned.   Now on to Walmart i go....  Training has been fun! Getting to meet new people that have just started working there as well and the customers at Wallyworld. Yesterday as I was helping to MAN the Sidewalk Sale they were having. A lady came up to us all excited and said "There is a truck on fire over there" We all looked and sure enough there was some smoke and I could see a small flame coming from underneath the truck. I went inside and told a Customer Service Manager and she called the Fire Department. It took them about 15 min. to get to us by the time she had called. The flames were getting higher. Well of course a crowd began to form to watch all the excitement. What baffled me was that some people were standing like only a few feet away from the truck that was in flames. I was thinking... HELLO PEOPLE..FIRE, GAS, EXPLOSION!! LOL As people were going by you could smell something burning..well this one little boy said, "Where's the Bar-B-Que?"  I thought that was so funny!  I was all over the place this day, they had me bagging groceries and taking some out to people's cars. I did some cashiering and I also got on the computer for their Computer Based Learning. I go in today at 11 so I can't wait to see what is in store for me today.   While James is in Houston:  Last night Kristina had her sleepover. This was for her Birthday(May 4th) and for the End of the Year. She had 5 girls over ranging in age from 11 to 13. And then there was JUSTIN. LOL Poor baby was surrounded by Estrogen.  When I got home I was bombarded by everyone being hungry. lol Kristina had already fixed the meat for the tacos and uh...TRIED to make cheese dip on the stove. They ate it anyway. lol They also had Burritos, and tostitos. I never have seen girls eat so much. About 3 hours later they were coming in for a midnight snack. lol Then I was going to take the dogs out at 4am and there they were again...EATTING! lol I am not sure when they actually crashed. Some went to bed earlier..but there were some, including Kristina who stayed up past 4am. lol OH to be young again and be able to stay up all night. Well guess thats it from Duck Ditch. Will write more later.