(Turning on light and blowing off the dust.....)  My virtual ministry may be gone but I am far from dead. :)  The family website that once WAS is hybernating safely on many locations awaiting a new home.  Until then our Comcast site is graciously providing us 25 mb (cough) of awesome drive space for our shadow web site.  This is giving me an excuse to play with MS Publisher and MS Front Page for html creation.  I decided that since MS Front Page is a  part of Office XP Professional and I have it that I might as well use it.    No, I wont be winning any website creation contests nor will anyone be tearing down my door for my skills but atleast we will have a web presence.  When Jesus Connect was alive and well I used to think it was important.  Now that 7 years of work has ended I am not so sure.  We are one web page out of millions.  I guess it is sort of like a business card.  You meet folks, hand out the information in the hopes that if someone does want to see you again they have a point of reference.   In the real world I have plenty of those.     Here is the URL to our Comcast Website.   http://mywebpages.comcast.net/jcmoffitt1/index.htm  Here is the URL to our MSN Users virtual home   http://www.msnusers.com/TheMoffittFamily   Today we went out and had some family fun and togetherness activities.  The first thing we did was to go bowling.  We had a blast.  I did terrible but that is allowed.  We were not there to compete but to have fun as a family.  Kristina and Justin did pretty good considering they had to use bumpers.  The next thing we did was to go to Scholotsky's and have lunch and then off to the movies to see Ice Age.  That was a neat movie.  I am not much into Disney animations but I have to say that this was a very good movie to see with the kids.  I think I laughed harder than most of the adults.    I am toying with the idea of upgrading the wife's computer to Windows XP Professional.  Katy needs access to Front Page so she can learn how to use it and make adjustments and improvements on our website.  I will probably spend the rest of the afternoon cleaning off all the spyware, adware and shareware garbage off Katy's computer before I do the upgrade.  Yeeeehaaaaaaa  Have a great weekend folks !  James Moffitt http://jcmoffitt jcmoffitt@jcmoffitt.com