Good morning world!  I woke up at 5:42 am as if it were a work day.  Go figure.  Now it is 6:35 am and my wife and I are sitting in front of our respective computer screens searching for new e-mail to consume.  All that awaited me in Outlook 2002 was the ever present SPAM.  People online begging me for my last hard earned buck.  Delete, delete , delete and then delete some more.    April 8, 2002 marked the first day that our children, Justin and Kristina, entered the public school system here in Goose Creek.  Katy also started her part time job at MUSC as a human services specialist.   We are planning on moving out of the double wide trailer that we are in and into a house with a real back yard and a fence.  We have a shopping list of what we are looking for.  Well, actually, Katy made up the list.  We are looking forward to living in a neighborhood that does not have a neighbor that has 6 rowdy children.   I am still at the Naval Weapons Station and it appears that it is possible that I will be employed there through the year 2003.  NMCI is taking its sweet time in becoming a reality and the Jacksonville Command will not be touched for another year.  I am hopeful to get some of my certification tests out of the way between now and the time I am kicked to the curb.  As far as network administration is concerned I have arrived in heaven.  I monitor 6 servers and the Network infrastructure that handles the PWC network and if everything is operating as it should I can study or read books or surf the web.  I know guys that would kill for my job.  :)  Low stress environment.  You dont find that in Corporate America these days.   Our Jessica has been gone now for 8 months and I sure do miss her.  I miss her so much some days it is all I can do to breathe.  I know that Katy likes the idea of going back to work because it probably helps her to take her mind off of thinking about Jessica.    Jeremy will be here for 42 days after June 7th and I am taking vacation from June 3rd to June 10th.  I cant wait to see Jeremy, he will be 16 years old  this month. It is hard to imagine that he is 16.  Our son is growing up before our very eyes.    I am going to be transferring my jcmoffitt.com domain off of Register.com onto a web hosting provider that provides  us more drive space, bells and whistles for my money.  Register.com does not offer anything near what other providers are now.  Katy and I need to work on getting our web site back online.  I would like to get Jessica's memorial page back online as soon as possible.  I am talking with Reynold about getting Jesus Connect transferred from Network Associates over to another web hosting provider and putting up a basic website for Jesus Connect.  I am not sure if Reynold is up to doing this so I am just trying to get him to atleast get the domain transferred out of his name over to the new hosting site so I can do something with it.    Kristina and Justin are going on a field trip today between 9 am and 3 pm so Katy and I will have the day to ourselves.  That will be weird to say the least.  Katy just told me that since the kids get out of school on May 30th and I am taking vacation on June 3rd through the 10th that we should plan a road trip back to Texas.  Wahooo, that ought to be a blast..... NOT....  We would plan on picking up Jeremy on the way back through Houston to SC.   This is starting to look like the Harry and the Hendersons movie.