It is flooding here in Charleston.  In another 2 hours the yard will disappear into the ditch which is now a pond and the yard that was once there will be a sink hole.  Our double wide trailer will turn into a modern Noah's Ark as we begin to float down into the woods and then slowly rise above the trees and then over the power lines.  I hope the electricity has shorted out by then so we dont turn into big fish in a sardine can.......  It has been forever since I have written anything in my blog but since there is nothing else to do other than imitate a gold fish while I look outside at the torrential down pour I might as well write something.   I got up at 5:30 am this Saturday morning so that I could go pick up Kristina Lynn from church camp in Batesburg SC.  Batesburg SC is located just the other side of Columbia SC out in the sticks.  Apparently the state offices for Church of God of Prophecy are located in Batesburg and that is where the camps are hosted.  Justin and Kristina both attended so hopefully they both had a lot of fun.  On July 1, 2002 we will be taking both of the kids to the annual Happy Days Camp which is also located in South Carolina somewhere up I-95 out in the woods.    Katy goes to work today at 3pm and if the rain does not let up I will probably have to take her so that she does not have to fight the inclement weather.  That means that I will be getting in the car at 12 midnight to go get her. JOY !!  It appears that while Jesus Connect Domain is still a valid Internet Domain and my friend and founder Reynold Deguzman has erected a Linux Server on his cable modem service things are moving pretty slowly with development.  Will Jesus Connect Ministries ever revive?  That is the million dollar question at this moment.  The last time I looked the website was still a one line sentence stating that the web page is under construction.  Oooops, just checked the url and now it is saying the page can not be displayed.  Oh well.....  The only thing that is new on the church scene for us is that we aquired a new sound board and I was able to move from the HOT attic down to the sanctuary.  What a blessing to not have to be in the heat.  I located a young man at AKM Pro Audio who is interested in being our drummer and we are supposed to meet at the church this afternoon.  That probably wont happen with the rain.  As for membership, we lost one family and gained a couple more young couples.  I am hopeful that our church will begin to grow in 2002.  I am teaching the teenager boys bible study on two Wed's per month and other than that I just run the audio / video equipment on Sunday morning.  We have no Sunday evening service.    Ok, I guess that is it for now as far as the update goes.  Be well, be safe and may the peace and love of Jesus Christ permeate each of your days.  God bless