Have you ever had a tooth ache?  If someone tells you their tooth hurts please feel sorry for them.  Up until this date, January 22, 2003 I have never experienced the pain of a tooth ache.  It took me 41 + years for it to happen and now Ambesol and I are very close friends.  :)  I wonder how long it has been since I wrote in my blog?  I bet it has been atleast 30 days, if not longer.  I think that blogging is sort of like having a personal journal. I wonder what the difference is between a blog and a journal?  That reminds me.  I need to write a biography about myself for www.freelancewriters.com.  I joined that site so that I can be listed in a database of freelance writers in the hopes of getting some writing assignments.  I am using w.blogger version 3.00 to write this thanks to Chris over at Lockergnome.  Chris has a LOT of useful tips and applications that he tells us folks about.  So, we shall see what this freeware interface does for the blogging experience.    I have been looking for a full time job or a better contract since Ahold laid off 36 people this last November.  Thus far I have not found anything that appeals to me.  A position came available for a Network Administrator in Myrtle Beach but they only offer 47k to 49k to start.  They are asking for the world for that sort of pay.  Gosh, maybe I am just down right spoiled and greedy aye?  Speaking of Myrtle Beach.  Katy and I spent last weekend at Ocean Reef Hotel in North Myrtle Beach at our second attendance at renaissance Weekend which was hosted by Happy Days and Special Times.  There was a reporter there that was doing a story so hopefully we will get a copy of it through E-mail.  That would be cool enough.  :)  This year was better than the first since we hooked up with Anthony and Gale Keech who are our new found crazies here in the Upstate. :)  Gosh, Ambesol IS my best friend.  As long as the pain is subsided I am a happy camper for now.  Tomorrow, I make a local Dentist a friend and I plan to contribute part of my budget to him.  :)