It has been FOREVER since I have drivled in here.  How long is forever?  Maybe I should say it has been a LONG time since I have said anything of worth in here.  Perhaps today is the day that I speak up.    I am waiting for breakfast to arrive from Katy's kitchen and for Actifed to kick in to stop the raging allergy symptoms that have taken over this morning.  I made the mistake of preparing to mow the yard and all the alergins known to man took over my sinuses.  Whew, it was ugly.    It appears that operation Iraqi Freedom is in full affect as Allied forces are approaching the Iraq capital of Bagdad.  Some say that this war will cause the economy to flourish and that the jobless folks like me will soon be employed again.  Does it really take a war to make the economy flourish?  How does that work?  We use more bombs, we run out of bombs, we need more bombs, can you make us more bombs and therefore I go to work at a bomb factory even though I do not know squat about how to make a bomb?  Hummmmm.....  I can see where there would be more need for items that are used in a battlefield.  I am not sure if that will create more technology jobs though.   I am on week 8 of unemployment or day 49 with no income other than the paltry 278.00 from SEC.  Dont get me wrong, I am appreciative of the fact that we do have unemployment benefits since neither one of us is working.  I thought that Katy's degree would help her to find even menial work like at Walmart but apparently there is a huge supply and demand problem.  There are jobs but there are hundreds of applications being turned in for one job.  I bet the employers love the applicant pool but they probably hate the process of figuring out who to hire and who to toss.   I have two contracts that recruiters have submitted me for.  One is for a contractor positon in Washington DC and one is for a contractor in downtown Greenville.  If this were a perfect world I would pick door number two.  I would LOVE to find employment here locally.  Push comes to shove I will go to Washington if I have to.  Thanks to Ebay I am making some suplimental income doing auctions.  How sick of Ebay can a person get?  On a scale of one to ten I am almost to an 8 with regards to how sick I am.  Luckily for me I have a WONDERFUL wife that is willing to kick in some extra effort when I could care less about the whole thing.  Thank you Jesus for Katy.  :)  Ok, food almost here and I am famished.  Talk to you later!