We spent the last couple of days looking at "cheaper" accomodations.  Oh my gosh.  The places that I found for 200.00 or 300.00 less than what we are paying are not fit for a dog to live in.  Do I live in a mansion now and do I have a pride problem going on here?  Absolutely not.  I can garuntee you that these places are fully qualified rat traps complete with broken windows, tons of rust and lots of missing pieces.  One trailer park owner assured us that he intends to renovate.  I told Katy and the kids that the only renovation option left to this guy is to drop a nuclear device in the middle and start over after the radiation kills off all of the garbage that is there now.     Living out of our cars and being homeless are just not an option as you can imagine.  I spoke with my landlord today and he told me he would be willing to reduce our rent to 600.00 per month and as long as we paid that amount anytime during that month that he would allow us to remain. Once we find gainful employment and are back on our feet then he will raise the rent back to 750.00.  That is the BEST offer that I have gotten to this date.  I told him that I certainly appreciated his willingness to help us and that we would be more than able to accomplish this task with what we are receiving in unemployment.    If the cell phones have to be turned off then so be it.  If cable has to go then so be it.  We will have to do what we have to do to make sure we have a roof over our heads while we are looking for gainful employment.  After driving around for the last two days looking at rat traps and the accomodations that others have to live in I feel SUPER blessed and we are MORE than motivated to do what we need to do to stay where we are.    This evening Katy got a call from the manager at a Chucky Cheese.  They have several openings and Katy has an interview at 2:30pm on Monday. We got a big kick out of the fact that they have an opening for one of the characters.  That would certainly be appropriate for me since I can be a character at times.