To move or not to move, that is the question.  Today is April 4 and I am still under employed and over appreciated.  How in the world did we get to this point?  The economy apparently sucks in the Upstate and we are so happy that we moved here.  NOT!!!  We have come to the conclusion that staying at 4 Broken Past Ct is not financially feasible since we do not have the income to support the rent payment.  We need to drastically reduce our expenses and the biggie is the rent.  Luckily for me the ex wife is being flexible with regards to child support but that cant slide forever.  I need a job and I need it now.  Katy and I both are looking for work and thus far there is nothing.  Katy might be able to find something sooner than me since she has a degree.  I would have never thought it would have taken this long for us to find employment.    Katy got up at 5 am and went to Walmart to pick up some boxes.  We are surrounded in cardboard boxes now.  Wahooooo!  Now we have something to occupy our time.  Filling boxes with our belongings.  We may have to have a moving sale so that we can get rid of some of our stuff.  Depending on where we move to we might not have enough room for all of this stuff.  The last thing I want to do is sell what we have.  In August of 1997 we sold everthing that we owned and put the rest in two vehicles and moved to Douglasville Ga.  That was a mistake then and it is a huge mistake now.  When you are in survival mode you do what you have to do I suppose.  Survival mode on.....  The important thing is that we have one another.  We will survive this.  We always have and always will.  This too shall pass.  We just need to suck it up and do what we have to do to survive.  One day at a time sweet Jesus, that is all we are asking from you.  Just give us the way to do every day what I have to do.  Yesterday is gone sweet Jesus and tomorrow may never be mine....  Familiar words that we have sung over and over through the years but singing is much easier than doing at this point.    Ok, now to look beyond our family and the immediate needs.  The biggest thing that seems to be going on now is the war with Iraq.  We are on day 15 now.  By now I would imagine that our troops are in Baghdad going from house to house and building to building engaging in urban warfare to root out Saddam Hussein's elite guard.  It appears that the best that the Iraqi goverment can come up with is sneak suicide attacks in the form of suicide bombers.  Several cars have blown up at check points killing everyone inside including coalition troops.  Those are the acts of terrorists and not a military response to our invasion.  How sad that is.    On the church front it seems that we have found a church that we like and it is called Marathon Community Church.  You can visit the church web site at http://www.marathonchurch.org  We love the praise and worship, drama team and teaching.  This church is following the "purpose driven church" model which is modeled after the church in California called Saddleback church.   April 6th has a membership class 101 from 3pm until 5pm and I think that we are going to attend if we can.