A friend and co laborer in Christ wrote the following thoughts and questions and I was inspired to write my thoughts below.    I look around me, being me, and I ask, "Why Lord!" And I also ask, "How, Lord! ... How can we do what you've called us to do! ... What you've called me to do!"    I think that one of our problems is that we get so caught up in all of the tiny details of our lives and all our problems and circumstances. Doing this causes us to have tunnel vision and we fail to see the big picture.    God is not finished working on us yet and while He does not expect us to be perfect like Himself He does expect us to work towards an attitude and lifestyle of holiness, spiritual humility and contrition.  The process of holiness and being made completely unto His image lasts a life time and sometimes when we see our human fragilities and we become critical of our failures and think to ourselves that we are failures.  The liar and deceiver of our souls are always ready to show us our imperfections and tendencies to have wicked and evil thought lives.   What separates us from the love of Christ?  The bible says that NOTHING can separate us from His love.  His love is perfect, his love is eternal, and his grace is for you and me.  Nevertheless we get so caught in our own mental and spiritual and emotional traps that we forget whom we are and whom we belong to.  We are then ensnared by our own emotional, spiritual and sometimes physical chains of bondage.    If you take a Christian and put him or her next to an unbeliever what would you say makes us different?  What is supposed to make us different?  The only thing that separates us from the chaff is that we are saved by Grace and the Holy Spirit of God resides in our hearts.  Do we really think that our holiness is purely driven by our own self constraint and self control?  No, our ability to be holy because He is Holy is because of His power and mercy and grace that resides within us and shines forth like the noonday sun. The more we die to ourselves and the more we release control of our lives to the Holy Spirit the more HE can change our lives from the inside out and the more we can radiate the love of Christ and the mercy of God to those who are around us.    If we are not radiating the love and mercy and truth of God to others in our communities it is because there is something keeping that from happening. What is keeping the love of God from being radiated from our lives to those that are around us?  Are we walking the walk consistently or are we talking the talk?  Does our faith walk shine forth with a life full of confidence and integrity or do we compromise our faith when we think it is convenient or profitable to do so?  When will we get beyond the works mentality? We think that if we attend church religiously every time the church doors are open that we have satisfied some sort of requirement.  We carry our bibles and note pads to the pews and take notes.  We smile and say nice things to people around us and appear to be the people we are supposed to be.  Inside we are sick and dying because of all the infirmities and hidden skeletons in our closed up closets.  How can we as the living church of God reach our communities when we ourselves need intensive care?  Evil will always reside in this fallen world and there will not be peace on earth as long as our enemy is allowed to wander this earth.  God's people however can and shall make the difference in the lives of those who are lost and dying and headed to hell. We are the ONLY JESUS that some people will ever see.  We have the truth in our hearts because we have been given the truth. We must tell people around us what the bible says about Gods love and His desire to set them free from the bondages of sin and death.  We can not do that effectively if we appear to be just as sick and in bondage as the next person.  Can we?    We need to figure out how to get past the quest for more and more knowledge and information and get to the point where we can live what we know.  When we can figure out how to encourage one another, love one another, rebuke one another, speak truth into one another's lives then we will be able to have restoration, healing and integrity in our own lives.   I would love to talk about some "real" stuff that keeps us prisoners to sin and defeat. How can we put our faith into action and make a "real" difference?    God loves you so much that He made the ultimate sacrifice. Today He stands ready with open arms to heal us and restore us and give us the power we need to live and lead in a fallen world.    In His Name James Moffitt