My, how the time flies when you are having fun.  August 2nd is upon us and on Tuesday the two year anniversary of Jessica passing will be here.  It seems almost as if it was yesterday that I was pushing her around in her wheel chair.    My business venture ended quite suddenly yesterday afternoon.  I decided that I did not need to be a part of the ongoing soap opera that was swirling around and causing more problems than it was worth.  It is apparent to me that selling computers (used or new) is not a good way to make ends meet.  I was pulling in between 20.00 and 50.00 every weekend after I got involved in this business venture so when you consider all the hours I have to put in to get to the point on the weekend to sell it just is not worth it.  I would be better off making minimum wage washing dishes for 8 hours per day.    I got a lead from my friend in Charleston about some positions possibly coming open at the AFB there.  My resume is on its way and hopefully I will be contacted for a telephone interview.  Katy interviewed twice with a health care provider that specializes in juveniles with criminal records and mental health problems.  If they like her references and she passes their background check then hopefully she will get a job offer next week.    Angel , our black lab, is doing much better and can move around more. Just the other day she was out in the yard trying to play with one of her toy balls.  Angel is not very tolerant of Sammy, our new puppy though.  Sammy seems to think that Angel is his play toy and wont leave her alone.  Pumpkin the orange cat made his appearance back into our lives after the rescue party went back to Simpsonville to search for him.  So, we have three people, 3 birds, two dogs and one cat in our metal shoe box.  Can you tell that I am not fond of living in a single wide trailer?  I think that when my parents were in the military that they lived in a trailer when I was younger and maybe I had some bad experiences that have caused this.  The important thing for me to remember is that our family DOES have a safe place to live and we are out in the country where it is nice and PEACEFUL.... I do thank God for that every day.    It has rained so much in SC that we are experiencing floods.  Most of the floods are in downtown Greenville and areas that have low lying areas with paved roads that cant handle the sudden influx of water that has been dumped on us during the last six weeks.  Where we live we just have mud puddles since our drive way is not paved.  The saying "you know you must be a red neck if instructions to your house includes turn off the paved road."  Actually, it is not quite that bad.  We do have a paved road in front of our lot which is something we did not have in Goose Creek (aka duck ditch USA).  When it rained buckets there we had a pond by our drive way that we could have stocked with gold fish....  This next week will find me searching for ANY type of job that I can find.  I have two weeks left on unemployment benefits and I MIGHT be qualified for an additional 13 weeks after that runs out.  Nevertheless we NEED to increase our income past the poverty mark somehow.  Maybe I need to just give up on my chosen field and just wash dishes for a while?  I cant wash dishes because that would give me dish pan hands and then what would the guys say about me?  LOL.... What guys and who cares anyway?  My creditors and utility companies care, that is who cares....  Now that I have regained my weekends and I will no longer be hoping for flea market sales we will be able to start going back to church on Sunday.  I have decided that we will be searching Travelers Rest for the church of our dreams.  hahahahahah  Ok, I guess that I dont really dream about churches since we ARE part of THE church.  The body of Christ includes you and I IF we are a disciple of Christ.  The buildings that we go to in order to gather with other believers is also known as the local church or congregation.  Is there such a thing as a perfect church?  Of course not, especially if we are a part of it.  Nevertheless we need to find a local body of believers that we can become a part of.  Maybe that will help us as we go through the tough times of unemployment and being new in this community.