We spent two hours at the Job fair yesterday at the Palmetto Expo Center in Greenville.  According to the evening news there were over 8000 people who attended.  We spent several hours standing in one line after the other to hand out our resume, pick up applications and talk to recruiters.  There seemed to be several types of employers present.  Health Care, Cellular Retailers, Financial Advisor sales , Restaurant Management, Fast food establishments.    It seems as if Charter Communications (Cable provider) is going to be hiring 38 people for their call center soon. After you go through Man Power Temps and work for Charter for 8 to 12 weeks as a temp then they put you on full time as a Charter employee.  Katy and I both have applied for these positions and are doing what we can to follow up with them via phone and email.  The boys home Katy applied to is having problems with their phone lines so they have not gotten the reference checks done yet.  We are hopeful that once that happens Katy will get a job offer.    Today we went back to the envelope method of budgeting.  One envelope for rent, one for gas, one for.... You get the picture.  For now we are putting our checking account on hold.  Thanks to the account being in  RED  status there is not much we can do other than go to the envelope method of budeting and paying bills.    Our needs are being met.  Food, clothing, roof over our heads are taken care of.  Sometimes the needs are being met in the last moment but then again our timing is subjective and Gods timing is perfect.  One of the lessons we are learning through all of this is that our perception of what a  NEED  is vs a  WANT  has become much clearer.  We know that compared to the rest of the worlds population we are probably filthy rich.  When you make a five and six figure income you are accustomed to  THINGS  which take the shape of  physical objects  as well as  activities  that cost money to do.    We are learning the hard way how to be more frugal.  I am hopeful that we will be able to kill the cell phones and keep the Internet connection so that we can stay in touch with our extended family here on line.  Nevertheless if it has to go it will be gone.  :(  Signing off for now.  Stay tuned for more to come!