Do you have a Web Log?  I bet you do and I do not know about it. If you do not have one, why not?  Maybe you think that I am a little weird by posting my thoughts and daily/weekly/monthly updates for anyone to read.  If you think I am a little weird you are probably not too far off base.  My doctor says that I will be fine, he just did not say when.  :)  Why do I keep this BLOG rolling you wonder?  One reason I do this is so that people that are friends and family can keep up to date with our status.  Its pretty easy actually.  When I get in the mood to drivel I fire up w.blogger v 3.01 on my computer at home and I start banging at the keyboard.  Once I am done I can post and publish to my web log with one click of the mouse.  The second reason that I do this is because writing helps me to sort out my thoughts and bring order to my life.  I guess that writing helps me to reflect on the events of the day or week and helps me to view my attitudes , focus and journey in such a way that I can learn and hopefully share with other people.    Why is it important to share our innermost thoughts, feelings, hopes, fears and dreams with the common Joe?  Have you ever felt as if you were not talented or that even though you enjoyed something immensely you did not think that what you did would benefit someone else?  That is how I felt about my writing.  I have been writing short stories and ministry related articles online for approximately 9 years.  One day I told an editor friend that even though I enjoy writing I felt that no one else would want to read it.  I did not feel worthy of anyone else getting something out of my writing.  I was reminded that people need to see the essence of who I am EVEN if I am a common Joe.  I am a real person living in a real world with real problems just like you. How I perceive those problems , address those problems and solve those problems are unique to me and the life of my family.  When I share my life journey and that of my family through my writing I am showing other common Joe's that their life is not that much different than mine and that they too can have hope.  My desire is to share the HOPE that lives within me.  That HOPE is Jesus Christ.  Without Christ there is NO HOPE.  Without Christ there is what the world offers and that is helplessness, pain, despair and depression.  When Christ is at the center of your world there is HOPE, PEACE, LOVE and JOY.  No matter how small of a JOE I or YOU might be the world needs to hear about the HOPE that lives within us and gives us the power to overcome the world in a REAL way.    You might be thinking at this point that you need to be a published author in order to do online journaling or blogging. All you need is the desire to put your thoughts and feelings into words and publish them to your own web log or journal.  How well you write is not anywhere near as important as the essence of your journey.  Yes, in order to be published and to earn money with your writing there will be 10% inspiration and 90% perspiration.  Being a published writer may or may not happen for you but when that time comes you will know it.  Until then just practice writing and get better at it.  In the mean time you can just focus on telling the world about the Jesus in you.