Our journey started out this last Wednesday at 2pm after dropping off our hairy family members in Easley SC.  (Angel and Sammy the Moffitt mutts for those of you that are wondering what in the world I am talking about).  I drove until midnight Wed night which landed us in Vicksburg Mississippi.  I spent 45 min between Clinton MS and Vicksburg trying to find a Motel that would honor the coupons you find in the Traveler Lodge publication that is located at Shoney's and other participating retailers.  I found out the hard way that those coupons are useless at 11 pm at night and they use the catch phrase "upon availability" to get out of honoring the coupons.  I finally found a Motel 8 that let us stay for 44.00 for the night.  That was 10.00 cheaper than most places at that time of the night.    We arrived in Garland Texas at approximately 3pm on Thursday afternoon and spent several hours running between Terrell Texas and Quinlan Texas visiting my aunts and uncles before heading over to Garland Texas where Katy's college room mate lives.    My uncle Carl is in a hospital in Terrell Texas.  He was in a car accident several months ago which left him with an internal head injury (trauma) which has scrambled what little brain function he had left.  Uncle Carl has fallen several times at home, broke a hip and suffered some pretty bad bruises.  When I saw him in the hospital they had him restrained so that he can not get out of bed.  From what I can tell he needed to be restraied.  It was hard for me to see my uncle at th age of 76 years old being in this type of shape.  The last memories I had of him he was getting older and not so physically active but atleast he had his mental capacity left.  I guess those days are over.   One of my aunts who is married to Uncle Carl is in her 70's and even though I recognize her voice I had a shock to see her physically.  I also have an aunt in Quinlan that is 80 years old and she seems to be getting along better than can be expected considering her age.   We spent the night Thursday night at Jack and Paula Bush's residence in Garland and had a wonderful time swimming in their pool and enjoying all around great hospitality.  Katy and Paula had a blast talking about their college dormitory memories.  Paula has two girls who are close to the ages of Kristina and Justin so they bonded immediatly and had a blast.   We drove from Garland Texas at 2 pm on Friday and stopped by Pleasanton Texas which is just outside of Corpus Christi (by 90 min) and visited with Melody who is one of Katy's Circle of Friends elist members.  We spent 45 minutes there so Katy and Melody could bond and then hit the road again.  We arrived in Robstown Tx around 11pm Friday night and spent the night there and went to the memorial service at 10 am at a Methodist church called Isle of the Son on South Padre Island.    The memorial service went well and I was pleased to hear that the service was used not only to celebrate the life of Hal Eads and his accomplishments but it was also a time where Hal's relationship with Christ was highlighted in a very positive way.  Hal may be absent in body but because of his relationship with his Lord and Saviour Hal is present with Christ in glory.    The memorial service was nice and a full multimedia presentation with a power point slide and accompanying music helped to focus our minds on our own mortality and our final resting place.    The afternoon was spent on Saturday at Pat and Jackie Mosmeyer's home in Port Aransas Texas which is south of South Padre Island and Corpus Christi Texas.  Much food and drink was consumed and stories shared about the life and times of Hal Eads.    Tomorrow is Sunday and we will depart Robstown Texas and head to Houston Texas where I will be visiting with my son Jeremy who is now a Senior in High School in the Richmond Rosenburg area just outside of Houston.  It is hard to believe that Jeremy is 17 years old and almost out of high school.    The trip thus far has been relatively uneventful other than the miles and miles of endless highway.  Our car has held up pretty good other than having some minor tire issues but that can happen to anyone on such a long trip as this one.  Thanks to our church family in Goose Creek we were able to make this trip to begin with.       James Moffitt http://www.jesus-connect.net/jcmoffitt jcmoffitt@charter.net