First there was  Will & Grace , now  Queer Eye for the Straight Guy  and  Nip & Tuck .  Prime Time Television is being invaded by special interest groups in a big way.  I just spent 10 minutes reviewing Nip & Tuck and I have to say that I was absolutely amazed at how  blatant  the portrayal of sexuality and homosexuality.     It is apparent to me that prime time Television is a MAJOR vehicle for brainwashing unsuspecting Americans into believing that ALL of this is something that we should just tolerate.  Why in the world IS IT important for me to  TOLERATE sin  and embrace it to the point that I invite it into my home and teach it to my family?  If I sit in front of the television and passively watch the garbage and I do not make a stand for righteousness by turning away from it then I am embracing and endorsing the content.  If I am passive and say nothing and allow my family to view this type of garbage then I am teaching them that it is OK to tolerate sin.     Tolerance  and  diversity  are the catalysts for the diseases of this world that are destroying the moral fabric of our society and damaging the family unit as we know it.  Just in case you need a definition for the biblical family unit it exists of hetrosexual  MALE  and  FEMALE  united under the laws of nature and Gods word as husband and wife.  This type of marriage before God and man is what produces the offspring that we call children.  Two people of the same sex can not have children yet there are same sex partners that insist on the same privileges and protection under our laws.  Same sex partners want to adopt children so that they can appear to be the normal family when they are not. When we say things and do things that are the counterfeit of that which is natural or righteous then we are deceiving ourselves and others.  The fruit of the spirit does not provide us with examples of deception.  Only the fruit of darkness provides us with the counterfeit fruit of sin.     Yes, I am conservative.  Yes, I believe that Gods word , written in the bible is truth.  No, I do not believe that God approves of SIN.  Homosexuality IS SIN just as idolatry, lying, stealing, fornication, adultery and any other sin you can think of is labeled as sin.  If we do anything that separates us from a relationship with God that is considered sin.  If we love something MORE than we love God that is considered sin.  Here is what the book of Galatians has to say about sin.     Gal 5:19  The acts of the sinful nature are obvious: sexual immorality, impurity and debauchery;  Gal 5:20  idolatry and witchcraft; hatred, discord, jealousy, fits of rage, selfish ambition, dissensions, factions  Gal 5:21  and envy; drunkenness, orgies, and the like. I warn you, as I did before, that those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of God.  Gal 5:22  But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,  Gal 5:23  gentleness and self-control. Against such things there is no law.      I believe that we are to embrace the person and love them just as God would love them.  That does NOT mean that I am to embrace , support or encourage sinful habits or addictions.     Gal 6:1  Brothers, if someone is caught in a sin, you who are spiritual should restore him gently. But watch yourself, or you also may be tempted.  Gal 6:2  Carry each others burdens, and in this way you will fulfill the law of Christ.     We would like to believe that our righteousness and our love for God and His word and the world around us is going to effect permanent change.  The problem is that the world is going to hell in a hand basket all around us and it is happening because good men remain silent and passive.  When that happens evil prevails.  We have to identify sin and the effects of that sin on our people and the world they live in.  Then we need to draw a line in the sand and call other men and women to stand up for holiness and Gods word.  We need to do everything in our power to effect permanent change in our communities through our actions and not just our lip service.  We need to quit fooling ourselves into thinking that the church down the street or the clergy is going to get the job done.    If these words are wooing you into an intellectual comfort zone then please do yourself a favor and bang your head on your desk several times until it hurts.  If you are a disciple of Christ then what I am saying here really is old news.  I am not the first person to sound the alarm and incite people to action.  The question is this.  Do we believe what we believe to the point that we are willing to sacrifice those things that make up our comfort zones?  Are we willing to give up everything that stands in the way of affecting positive and permanent change in our community?