Do you remember the story about the man that was on top of his house during a major flood?  As the story progresses the man exhibits great faith at first and then foolishness.  On several occasions while the man was praying for help God sent him a way to be rescued.  I don't remember all of the story but I know that a boat came by and then lastly a helicopter.  The man rejected the help and told them that he had faith that God was going to save him.  The man winds up drowning and asked God why his faith failed him and God did not save him.  What about the boat filled with rescuers or the helicopter?  I liken our story to the man on top of the house with the flood waters rising and our having faith that while things look bleak that God is going to provide us with the help we need.  This weekend a boat came by and I want to thank the Lord for having enough sense to recognize it for what it was.    We spent the weekend in Goose Creek with our former pastor and his family.  We went to Grace Fellowship Church on Sunday.  The church not only is assisting us with funds for gas money so we can make the trip to Texas but they also are planning on renting a Uhaul truck and sending some of the men to Travelers Rest at the end of this month to pack us up and move us back.  Ok, so maybe it is not a boat bur more a Uhaul Truck.  I am not picky in the least.  :)  I was pleasantly surprised to hear the pastor tell me of his plans to move us back. I asked Pastor Tom WHY they were willing to help us.  He looked at me and said,  "You are a part of our family aren't you?"  Wow, that is incredible.  We are a part of that family and have been for the last 3 years. On several occasions Pastor Tom, his family and Grace Fellowship Church helped our family as we were walking through the trials of Jessica's fight with cancer.  Without them our situation would have been much worse.   There were several things that had to happen BEFORE this plan was implemented.  The church finance committee had to agree to it and I had to find a place to live.  Both of those pieces fell in place this weekend.  The funds were approved and I spoke to our former landlord and friend in Goose Creek and it just happens that our old residence at 159 Mapleridge Drive is coming available on August 23rd.  Imagine that huh?  My former landlord understands our situation and is willing to help us in whatever way that he can.  Can you say Praise the Lord??  I am....  Thank you Jesus for working out the details and for friends and a church family that loves us and is willing to reach out and help our family.    I had no idea that the pastor was planning this and thusly it was a very nice surprise.  We like Travelers Rest but we do not like the unemployment with no job prospects in sight.  I looked at the classifieds this weekend in Charleston and it appears that there are quite a few more options there than here.  I also know of several IT positions that are coming available on the AFB there so I am hoping that one of those positions will have my name on it.    Pastor Tom has also approached me about taking lead with regards to the mens ministry at Grace Fellowship.  This has also surprised me as well.  I am humbled that Pastor Tom would entrust this to me and I am going to look forward to this challenge.  Grace Fellowship is a small congregation but I believe that there is a TON of potential there as the congregation grows in size.  From what I was told this weekend they now have 18 youth in a very active and growing youth ministry there which is awesome!  The church is also undergoing some major building renovations this year and we are hoping that taking out the old and making brand new will help with regards to retaining new members when they come in the doors on Sunday. More importantly though I am hopeful that as people continue to come through the church doors at Grace Fellowship that they will encounter the same love and acceptance that our family experienced and are still being shown.   We are planning to head towards Texas early Thursday morning.  We should have just enough gas money and we will be praying that our car does not break down on the trip.  It has been 3 years since we have visited friends and family in Texas and Katy wants to make the memorial service in Corpus on Saturday. I miss seeing my 17 year old son Jeremy who lives in Rosenburg which is just outside of Houston so I am hopeful to see him as well.    Thank you, our faithful friends and prayer partners who have lifted us up as a family as we have walked down the road of life in the last two years.  Your faithful prayers and support have helped us in ways that you will not understand this side of heaven.  We are so grateful for your help.  I know that moving AGAIN is going to be a huge hassle but I am looking at this opportunity as a HUGE blessing and a chance to get plugged in to a community of people that we are familiar with and hopefully we will be in a better place to serve God and find full time employment so we can meet financial responsibilities that have had to take a back seat while we have been struggling.   God bless