We landed back in Travelers Rest on Tuesday August 19th fully one day BEFORE we had intended to arrive. When I get the bug to get somewhere I usually do just that.  I drag my family kicking and screaming into our automobile , lash them in and put the gas pedal to the floor board.  We left Houston Texas at 9 am on Monday and spent the night in Birmingham Alabama.  We left Tuesday morning at 8 am and only stopped long enough for breakfast.  We dropped out of warp drive at approximately 3 pm when we stopped in our driveway.    There is no rest for the weary (wicked?) so we got a good nights rest in our FAVORITE King sized bed and then the fun began this morning. Our metal shoe box is starting to look like a card board box factory.  I will be retrieving the Uhaul truck and car transport Friday morning and then my fun will begin as I transfer our junk from the shoe box to a metal shoe box on wheels.  Gosh, you would think that I have a shoe box fetish with as many times as I use that as an allegory to describe where we live.  I guess I just hate the sound of trailer or mobile home because I get images of funnel clouds coming out of the sky looking for the nearest "trailer park".    I called Ma Bell today and they are moving our telephone service as of this Friday.  I am wondering if those of you who are reading this will KNOW how to find out what our new number is going to be WITHOUT writing me an e-mail and asking me for it.   .  (That stands for VERY evil Grin).  Since MaBell is pushing DSL in our old neighborhood and everything is FREE to try it I said "WHY NOT"  we are Happily Addicted to the WEB anyway....  So, by September 4th we should receive our DSL start up package and I will hopefully be able to install the DSL modem and get online with very FEW complications.  For those of you on my e-mail distribution list you will get my new e-mail address when it is confirmed.    Oh, yes, I will give you a HINT with regards to finding our new phone number that will be turned on this Friday.  Two letters are IM.  That is all you will get so happy digging.  heheheheheh  I have digital pictures on a digital camera but the serial cable that hooks the camera to my computer is MIA.  It does not help that most of our stuff is now in boxes so I guess the picture transfer and www.fototime.com album additions will just have to wait until we get moved an unpacked.  I will try to do a blog and add some pictures that we took when we visited with our friends and family.    Ok, enough babbling, hope you have a great day !