We are on week two being back in Duck Ditch USA.  Quack Quack Quack.  You have to be part bird to live here since it rains here almost every afternoon and ..... You get the picture.    As I look around our metal shoebox I see two or three boxes left to unpack.  Katy went from 35 or 45 boxes down to THREE in the space of one week.  The trash man has been busy folks....  The next step is to put up some pictures and find appropriate places for our stuff.    Our friend and landlord (Paul Bunyon) is getting ready to move out the blue trailer next to us and make room for a brand new double wide trailer that he and his family can move into.  The "communal dictator" (aka: lady in a shoe across the street) is contemplating running out  of the shoe and over the hill because of all the stuff that she is going to have to move.  I can see it now.  If you were to fly high over our neighborhood when the move happens it will look like a line of ants moving stuff from one metal shoe box to another.  In the end our friends will have a bigger space to live in and eventually the moving madness will be over.  I have been forewarned by the communal dictator that I will need to find a new and improved alias for her since she will no longer qualify to be "the lady in the shoe" across the street.  Maybe you can help me with this?  I might as well put the comments section to good use here huh?  hahahahahahaha  Grace Fellowship Church is desperate for leadership so they named me as the  Mens Fellowship Director  and the  Audio Video Director .  I tried to wiggle out of the Mens Fellowship Director but for some reason that did not happen.  I figured that there were more capable men at GFC for leading others.  Now we have the blind leading the blind.  Poor men.... On second thought maybe this is a cool thing for me.  Part of fellowship includes eating food with other men once per month.  Since I  LOVE to eat  this part of the "directing" will be easy since I have NO problems finding  food .    This weekend Chucky Chandler who is the Youth Director for the Church of God of Prophecy will be preaching in our Sunday service.  That is going to be an awesome treat.  This guy is very animated and funny to listen to.  Not only that , he loves God and has a heart for ministry to the youth here in the state of SC.    I have ten weeks and counting before the unemployment insurance piggy bank runs dry.  I went on an interview today for a sales position at ADT in their small business sales department.  I am considering making a quantum leap from Information Technology to selling advanced security technology to small business.  I had an interesting conversation with the sales manager and it appears that I have a good chance at being offered the job.  The sales manager stated he is hiring two more folks and next week he will conduct the second interview and make job offers.  I am quickly running out of options.  From what I can tell ADT invests a lot of time and money into their sales team and I would be getting a lot of training right up front.  They want to equip me to be able to provide the best business security partner for area businesses.  In other words it would be way more than walking in, counting doors and windows and just selling contacts and wall monitor stations.  They train people to be able to use security technology to save money from all sorts of losses.    I got an application from Home Health Care out of Orangeburg  SC today after having mailed them my resume.  Orangeburg is approximately 45 minutes from Goose Creek SC.  I am thinking that they must be interested in me if they are responding to my resume by mailing me an application.    I spent all day yesterday over at my pastors house helping his wonderful wife getting their DSL Home Network set up. My oh my that was a treat in and of itself.  hahahahahah  Everything worked right up to the point that one particular computer decided that it would NOT play right with the rest of the children.  I told Katy earlier in the morning that it would be a 45 min job at the most and then it turns into a 7 hour ordeal.  The important thing is that all three computers are accessing the Bellsouth DSL network and everyone is happy.    I re invited   MY PRECIOUS  wife to be a contributor to our web log.  Katy is not as boisterous as I am when it comes to communicating but maybe we can get her to write down some of her thoughts.  I KNOW that I will probably get to see some of her "comments" to my drivel.   Katy...  The floor is yours dear..   Love ya!!  NO, I dont want to take out the trash or walk the dogs AGAIN......  hahahahahah  Dogs, puppies.  The later is the gift that simply keeps on giving.  Whew!!  I smell food from mamas kitchen so I must run away for a spell.  More drivel later.....