Labor Day 2003 is almost upon us.  Being that I am under employed and over appreciated I suppose I can still celebrate the right to work in the USA.  We take our freedoms for granted sometimes.  If you have been in America for most or all of your life then you think that it is quite normal that we are able to pursue any type of career that we have a skill to perform and expect more than minimum wage.  It is a fact that the unemployment rate is high here in SC and maybe in other states as well.  I bet that if you compared our unemployment rate in the U.S. with some third world countries that maybe it would pale in comparison.  I have been unemployed for 7 months now (gasp) but I have yet to have had to eat rice or beans out of a bag.  I guess that means that even in my unemployment status I am richer than some other folks that dont have access to our system.    What all of that means is that I am desperately trying to remind myself that while unemployment stinks and I am sick and tired of begging employers for a job things could be worse.  So, if you are unemployed and getting unemployment insurance be happy.  You could be unemployed and NOT getting unemployment insurance.  If you are unemployed and not getting unemployment insurance you too can be happy in that you live in America and can certainly find a "job" of any type if you are healthy enough to work.  Granted, that job might have to be flipping burgers at McDonalds and cleaning restrooms for minimum wage.  That is better than winding up on the street somewhere folks.   One of the things that can hinder our job searching tasks is our perception of what we are worth.  When I think of having to get out of bed to work at McDonalds I shudder.  That is because my perspective is that of a white collar worker that is "used" to making a LOT of money.  In 11 weeks from now guess what?  I will be at ZERO dollars an hour vs 7.50 that I make with unemployment benefits now and flipping burgers at McDonalds might be very tempting at that point.  Something vs nothing.  It is not hard to do the math on that one folks.   If you have a job and you are reading this realize that the grass is NOT greener on the other side of the unemployment line.  The grass is there but I can not afford to fertilize it, cut it, bag it up or whatever.  I can barely afford to walk on it much less do anything else.  I am so broke I can not pay attention.  Of course the reason for that is because I was not able to put LIFE on complete stand still while I search frantically for a JOB so I can pay those pesky bills that come in every month like clock work.  Employment may end but I can assure you that debt does not.    If you have a job but dont like it then consider the alternatives. Be thankful for that job every day because that job is what pays the bills and helps you to enjoy those little extras that you like and have grown accustomed to.