One week ago I interviewed with ADT for a sales position.  Thus far the drug screen came back fine and the preliminary background check came back clear.  Now we are waiting for the MAIN background check to come back clear.  So, the waiting game is in full swing.  Katy received a phone call from MUSC today because they are looking for two full time employees to work there doing what she used to do there before we left.  I have not seen Katy get that excited in a long time.  We REALLY need the income BADLY.  So, we shall see what happens after the interview on Friday.  That would be a full time job with benefits.  Wow, it is almost too hard to believe that she might get re hired there.  I am hopeful that the fact she used to work there and left on good terms might help out on this occasion.    Paul Bunyan and clan are feverishly trying to clear out their lot in lieu of their new home arriving.  They are working on a very tight time line but I am sure that he will manage to get it done in time. It looks weird on our front porch with the blue trailer missing.  Did I tell you that the blue trailer was moved out last week?  Well, if I did not tell you then you now understand what I am talking about.  Out with the old blue trailer and in with a new double wide trailer for my friends across the street to move into.  I am sure that they can not wait to be in their new home.   I started bowling on the Turbo League at the Marrington Lanes on the Naval Weapons Station two weeks ago. I still need to figure out which ball I am going to use because the way I am bowling I think that I need to find a cinder block to throw. I would probably be just as accurate throwing that down the lane at this point. It is just a matter of time and I will get used to the synthetic lanes.  Do you like to bowl?  If so, are you bowling on a league?  Which one and where?  Do they keep your scores online through League Secretary?  If so let me know where to look.  I hope that they don't keep our scores online with the way I am doing at the moment.  My games last night were 107, 125 and 117...  Something like that.  Nothing to brag about for sure. I think I need to take up knitting or something less demanding on eye hand coordination.  I am on week two of a small group that just started up called The Exemplary Husband.   The course has to do with "husbands" learning how to be "more" Christ like with regards to their marriage covenant with their wives.  I am only into week two and I told Katy that if this course tells me I have to give up burping (in the privacy of my own home) or hand over the television remote that I was in deep trouble.  Gosh, I guess I should have added giving up computer time and SHARE it with my family as well.  GASP.....    I told the group leader via e-mail that I could tell that I will need a large ace bandage by the time this course is over.  Knowing scripture and assuming that everything is ok at home can be a recipe for disaster when it comes to marriage.  Of course I am talking in the context of both husband and wife being believers in Christ.  Katy and I have been married now for almost 14 years.  I would like to say that our relationship is very special and that we are very compatible together.  They say that the longer you stay with one person you start to look just like them.  I hope and pray that does not happen to Katy.  Katy deserves better than that.  hahahahahahah  The small group will happen here locally and there is a book and study guide to go along with it.  This material is not for the faint hearted.  It will require prayer, study, more prayer, more study and a commitment on my part to make some changes.  Changes that will hopefully benefit my dear wife.  I can see some of you guys that might be reading this.  You are probably rolling your eyes at the idea of me walking away from the traditional macho image of " my marriage is none of your business and even if it were it is doing just GREAT."  Guess what guys.  Your marriage is not perfect because you are not perfect.  Every one of us guys have room to improve.  If you don't think so, get off your duff and go ask your wife IF there are any areas in your marriage that could use some improvement.  If you don't have the guts to go ask your wife for this input try this on for size.  Sit down in your recliner and rewind your brain to all of the times that your wife has asked you to do something and for whatever reasons you refused to do it.  "Good grief, that woman will just not stop whining about this and that."  I can hear you guys.  Do you think that maybe there is a REASON why your wife is NOT happy about your ENTIRE relationship and the way you treat her or act around the children??  Is your blood pressure elevated now?       I am not talking about the kind of marriage that the world paints for us on television sit coms where the man sits on the couch drinking beer while life happens all around him and make it look cool.  I am talking about the type of marriage covenant that the bible speaks about and what the husbands role really is.  Oooopsss, I just lost 90% of you.  Who wants to hear about that IMPOSSIBLE standard anyway?  It is much easier to be a lazy slob and only do what is necessary to keep the honey off your back side.    The bible says that we are to love our wives like Christ loves the church.  We are to do much more than expect or demand that our wives be submissive to us.  Who wants to be submissive to a lazy slob who drinks and eats non stop and wont give up the remote control or the computer?  LOL.....  Katy is probably rolling on the floor at this point to keep from crying.  I know the Lady in the Shoe is probably looking for oxygen at this point. No, I don't view myself as a lazy slob that eats non stop and refuses to hand over control to the TV and the computer.  I do know however that I do have a problem with being the type of husband that the bible says I am supposed to be.  The standard has been set and we (I) have a goal.  My goal is to be better, stronger, faster, we can rebuild him....  Sorry, that was the introduction to the Bionic Man.  As I was saying, my goal is to become a better, more Christ like husband for my wife.  The process will probably involve me doing some kicking and screaming along the way but when the process is over I will at least have a much better understanding of WHO I am supposed to be as a husband and WHAT I need to do to improve my relationship with Katy.      One of the points that this book makes is that in order for us to be the Exemplary Husband that we are supposed to be we first must be disciples of Christ. Here is how it works.    A. you read the bible, listen to a pastor or evangelist preach the word of God B. the Holy Spirit of God convicts you of your sin  C. the Holy Spirit presents you with the truth of the gospel which states that while you were yet sinners Christ died for you.  The gift of Grace is FREE and you can not earn it.  D. the Holy Spirit calls upon your heart and mind for a decision to turn away from your sin and give your heart to Christ and accept the free gift of GRACE.   E. you make the decision to repent (turn away) from your sinful nature and release the controls of your life to Christ and make Him your Lord and Savior OR F. you choose to rebel against God and the Holy Spirit when he calls you and you stay out of fellowship with God  If you are not a true believer of Jesus Christ in both word and deed then the book will leave you on the first two pages.  You are either of this world or you are not.  You either serve God or you serve the Devil.  Everything in this book builds on a relationship with Jesus Christ.  If you want to know more about what the Bible says about who Jesus Christ is and how you can receive forgiveness of your sins then feel free to write to me at moffittj@bellsouth.net and I can walk you through it.  I would be honored to tell you about what Jesus has done for me in my life.  As a matter of fact, while I am talking about this you can go to the following link and read my testimony of Who Jesus is to me online.    Who Jesus is to me   The gospel of Christ is not a popular message.  Christ crucified for the sins of the world past present and future.  God become man to reach out to the sick and lost.  God pursuing his creation to provide healing, health and eternal life.  My message to you in the context of this message may not be popular and you might even be a little angry.  I would rather take the chance of offending you now and providing you with the information you need about eternity than to attend your funeral knowing that I might never see you again.  We think that life is something we can take for granted when in fact the bible tells us that life is but a vapor.  One day we are here living life and the next moment it is gone.  So, if you are reading this and you think that you are guaranteed tomorrow morning think again.  None of us know when or how but we do know that our day will come.  My hope, desire and prayer is that you make the right decision and that you do not wait until it is too late.