You have got to love training.  Here  I sit at the office wondering what to do next.  I think that perhaps my mind works just a tad faster than they are used to here.  I want to run out of the building, get into my car and drive down to Office Depot and get my own business cards and start making calls on small businesses.  I understand that I am not completely ready to answer every single question that someone might want to ask but then again I wont be ready to do that for quite a few months from now.  So, here I sit, waiting on the slow, tedious process of training to take place while I make a whopping 6.25 per hour.  I know that I have to be patient and play the game.  So, here I am sitting here in my monkey suit wondering if my boss will show back up at the office this afternoon to review  my work.  I finished that an hour ago.  Yeah me!!  Go team.  Show me the money.  LOL...  It is sort of weird being on the end user side of technology vs being the one responsible for making it work.  I am listening to all of the old hands here whine about ADT going to using Outlook Web Access vs the users utilizing Outlook Express to get their email.  I am sitting here just listening to them thinking about how wonderful it is that I dont have to try to console them or explain to them WHY the company chose to go this route or whatever.  I can act like the dumb and ignorant and no one is the wiser.   Yahooooo!  The lady in the shoe is getting her new shoe today.  They are going to come back on Wed with the giant shoe laces to put her larger, more roomier shoe together.  I asked my neighbor if she was packed yet and she laughed at that.  I asked her if she was going to use the AIR FLOW method of moving where you get a LARGE fan and start throwing stuff in front of it and point it in the general direction of where you want it to land.  Something was said about the dump and burn method of moving. I hope she does not do that with all of the critters that she has fenced in behind her current home.  Poor ducks and chickens will NOT be happy about that.   When I get home later this evening I will let you know how good I did at bowling or how poorly I did.  If I do not say anything and ignore the subject alltogether you know that I really had a bad night.  However, if I break 100 every game and atleast get a 130 or above I will be pretty happy since I have a whopping 114 average right now.  How sad is that boys and girls?  I had a 157 average over at Golden Lanes in Greenville SC last year.  Then again I bowled on 4 different leagues.  They say practice makes perfect and whoever they are they are correct.   Okie dokie, the boss called me on the cell while I was beating this out on my keyboard telling me that he wont see me until the AM.  That means that this mousie is outta here.   Have a great evening folks.