I went over to a friends house over off of Amy road and Hollywood.  No, not Hollywood California but rather Hollywood Street in Duck Ditch USA.  I can assure you I live no where near Hollywood.  I ate part of the new philly cheesesteak pizza that they are advertising.  I ate it and then about 45 min later it drug me to the bathroom at my friends house.  Need I say more about THAT picture?  All I can say is that I almost needed to have oxygen pumped in to that part of the house.    So, I guess you could say that I got my moneys worth out of the FREE dominos pizza that I consumed.  The meal that just kept on giving and giving and giving.  What does that have to do with McDonalds?  Go to McDonalds and order anything.  Be sure to order a small drink.  After your meal you will probably be thirsty and will find yourself wandering back to the counter in the hopes of finding an intelligent person to greet you.  I dare you to ask them for a cup for a drink of water.  Heck, skip asking for the cup, just ask for some water.  They will tell you that they do not serve FREE water but rather have decided to sell you a 32 ounce bottle of water.  Spring water that is, not just any sulfer water that you might find gurggling from one of the many wells here in Duck Ditch.    I will never forget how rediculous this was.  I was so stunned by the idiocy of the whole concept that I found msyelf stumbling away from the counter mumbling under my breath.   Me, at loss for words, how can THAT be?  Trust me, it happened.   Last night Katy and I watched the movie HOT CHICK....  The movie was probably not appropriate for an 8 year old son nor my 12 year old daughter.  Kristina, the 12 year old daughter was not really bothered by anything in the movie.  In retrospect I guess that means that she knows more about the birds and the bees that either of her parents realize at this point.  How scary is that boys and girls?? I almost forgot.  Our 8 year old son, Justin, just giggled through 90% of the movie and kept his head hidden in his favorite "blankie".  I guess that means that he is not damaged just yet.  PTL for that.   This evening while consuming the man eating pizza I watched 2Fast and 2Furious as well as Dream Catcher.  Mark it on the calendar folks.  I watched two movies that I have NEVER seen before.  What is even scarier is that my friend allowed is baby boy to watch Dream Catcher.  How is the baby you ask?  Can you say 2 or 3 ??  There were scenes in this movie that would give most grown adults nightmares for a week.  There was this child sitting in daddies lap firmly grasping his "nook nook" between his lips and taking it all in.  I looked at Dad and asked him about the wisdom of letting his boy watch such things at a tender age and he told me " oh we let our children watch anything and everything....".    For those of you waiting for an update on my latest career endeavour here goes.  I spent last Thursday and Friday wearing my tie and ADT "official" name tag and visited 45 different businesses.  I did 35 on Thursday and 10 on Friday.  Out of all those contacts I wound up with 3 proposals.  One add on proposal for a camera system (add on not new sale) a BA proposal (Burglar Alarm) and another camera system ADD ON for Dollar General in Duck Ditch USA.  I also ran across two residential sales leads that I passed on to my manager.  Just yesterday I was at Splash N Dash INC which is a brand spanking new car wash in (you guessed it)  Quack Quack USA and wound up giving a tri fold hand out to the business owner who was on site. It turns out that the owner is interested in one color camera to watch her spiffy new Laser "touchless" car wash bay via our camera and a high speed Internet connection.  So, she wants a proposal for that tomorrow. She told me that if she gets the system and likes it she will duplicate that in her Summerville store.    I guess that you could say that my first two days on the job pounding the pavement was a smashing sucess.  Half the battle is over, I have their interest, now to do the proposals and complete the actual sale which in turn will net me a nice little bonus prize at the end of the week.    The Exemplary Husband small group is moving right along.  Last week I spent 4 hours studying chapter 4 and when I was done I thought to myself.  Gosh, I am glad that I disciplined myself to get that out of the way all in one sitting.  Then I picked up the check list to find out that Chapter 5 and 6 were the two chapters required for Thursdays group meeting.  Those chapters cost me another 2.5 hours over the next two days.  So, all in all I spent about 8 hours in three chapters and wrote about 5 pages worth of notes.  We are going to cover chapter 7 this week and we have until chapter 15 of the book which is at the end.  That means another 8 fun filled weeks of learning how to be a BETTER more Christ like husband.  My hope is that I will be a better husband.  On occasion I have engaged Katy in the process by reading to her definitions and principles to verify those areas that I am a big dope in as well as those areas where I do ok.  Katy is reduced to fits of laughter at some of the things that I read her which ultimately means that I have hit a hot spot with those topics.  GULP.....    Lest I forget, the lady in the shoe across the street has a new BOOT to move into next to us.  I say "boot" because this place is 2 times bigger than what she is in now.  I actually got a semi guided tour of the new home yesterday and this place is very NICE.  I know that the family across the street (Paul Bunyon and his wife and 7 children) will absolutely LOVE the new digs.....    Well, I guess that is all for now.  That should update ya until next time.  Have a great week and enjoy Life to its fullest.    God bless