Good morning folks!  Rise and shine and give God the glory!  Today is God's gift to us, what we do with it will depend on what gift we give back to Him.    My trip to St. Louis yesterday was rather uneventful.  The weather was wonderful and very little turbulence.  I especially enjoyed the slim design of the coach seats on both aircraft.  I believe that when Boeing designed the seats they were assuming that only tiny people fly.  Why is that anyway?    When I got to St. Louis I spent approximately 30 minutes running around like a chicken with his head cut off trying to find the "supposed limo" that would meet me there to pick me up and take me to Holiday Inn.  The first thing that should have clued me in was the name HOLIDAY INN.   After much investigation I finally figured out which (cough) Limo was supposed to pick me up.  The Limo turned out to be a Chevy Van.  The important thing is that I met up with my party and rode for about 40 minutes to the other side of St. Louis to the Holiday Inn that I am now trapped in.    For some weird reason I did not get ALL the information with regards to the itinerary here because when I got on the van some of the other sales folks told me that I would have a room mate.  I said "No way!"  and they said "Yeah WAY!".  When I arrived at the hotel, sure enough I received a package at the front door with my room mate's name on it.  My "roomie"  did not arrive until around midnight when I was just getting ready to dose off.  How special was that?  I grunted something at him and went back to sleep.  When I woke up this morning he had his head buried under his pillow which means that I must have removed the pain on the wall by his bed with my snoring.  Poor poor roomie huh?  Maybe I will get lucky and he will go get his own private room so he wont have to deal with my snoring.    Here in ST Louis it is 6:15 am, but to my biological clock it is 7:15 am.  So, I am up and reading e-mail and scribbling in my blog.  Wahoooooo.  I love my Internet connection while away from home.  It sort of makes me feel like I have not left yet.  I can see it now.  I am gone and my side of the bed at home has been taken over by the two mutts, Sammy and Angel.  Well, atleast the dogs dont snore so maybe Gizmo will get caught up on her sleep huh?  When I left yesterday the kids were happily doing their thing and did not seem to mind the fact that daddy was leaving for a week.  Gizmo was also smiling when I told her good bye at the airport as well.   I guess that 8 months of bonding will do that to ya...    Well, I have been up for over an hour already and have not had my first cup of coffee.  So, I suppose that I will leave my cyber seat for now and go find java.  Have a wonderful day!!  God bless