I fought the law and the law won....  No, that does not match.  I ran out to my car and lost my footing and tumbled down three brick stairs at church.  The bricks did not even give for a second.  I now can honestly say that I have invested, blood , sweat, tears and money into our local church.  I could have skipped the blood portion of this experience but atleast I can say I have a well rounded experience.  :)  The Dallas Cowboys are still number ONE in the NFC East division with a record of 8 wins and 3 losses.  They lost to the Patriots last week and won against the Carolina Panthers this week.  Wahooooo !  Go Cowboys!  My part time assignment through RHI in Charleston lasted all of 14 hours this last week.  They needed for me to set up a new computer system in their office and get the data transferred from the old computer to the new one.  Once all of that was done they had someone who could step in and do the photography and auctions online.    Katy is now registered to work as a substitute teacher in both Charleston and Berkeley Counties.  Katy has worked now for almost two weeks substituting for Charleston County.  Atleast that means one of us will start bringing in some sort of income in the very near future.  Katy also has an interview in the morning at a local school in Goose Creek for a teachers assistant position which would be full time employment with benefits.  That would be very nice if she gets it.  Out of desperation I went to a security company and filled out their paperwork to see if I can get a security commission in SC to do security work.  That is the LAST thing I want to do at the moment but since I can not seem to find any type of employment I suppose that I might be able to fall back on my 10 years of experience in Security. Now I get to wait on the criminal background check from SLED to see if they will authorize me.  I already got clearance to be registered as an alarm installer so I dont see why I cant get authorized to get my Security Officer commission as well.  We shall see.   That means working nights and weekends and probably holidays.  I figure I can work nights , come home and sleep six hours in the morning and then hopefully find some part time computer gigs to do in the afternoon hours while looking for employment.  Hopefully it wont last for too long since I have not worked night shift in almost 15 years.    The lady in the boot.  Do you remember her?  She is married to Mr. Bunyon.  The REAL man who lives next door with his family.  The family in the new boot.  :)  They had their house warming party this weekend and 60+ people showed up.  My son Justin was running around looking for a flashlight so he could help park cars.  It was funny to watch him all excited about doing that.  I think he thought he was going to get dad's nice flashlight to do this with.  NOT....  My son Jeremy just had his senior picture taken but thanks to our FTP site being down I can not show it to you here.  As soon as it is up again I will upload it and show it to you.  I am so proud of him and I can not believe he is almost 18 years old.  April of 2004 he will be a young adult ready to wander out into this world to make his mark.