This morning I caught Katy eating Grape Nuts.....  I thought to myself, since when?  I told her that only OLDER people eat Grape Nuts and that most OLDER folks eat that for roughage..... I also told her that Grape Nuts was a good cereal to pick for OLDER people because you can eat it with or without your dentures.....    Katy and I had a real GOOD laugh over that one.  Poor Katy, what is she gonna do with me anyway?    I have the beginnings of a nasty cold.  For the last week I have been fighting first a chest cold and then a head cold. Last night I made things worse by working security out in the COLD for 5.5 hours directing traffic at Charleston Southern University.  I was so cold my bone marrow hurt.  It was only 41 degrees outside so it is not like it was freezing or anything.  After standing around for 5.5 hours you could not have told me it was not freezing because I was so cold I wanted to set myself on fire.  I went home at 10:44pm last night and my head cold was having a good time with me.  I was running like a faucet.  Thanks to a hot meal and a dose of Theraflu I was able to settle in for a long winters nap.  We did not crawl out of the house until around noon today.    It appears that Katy's 83 station wagon has taken ill as well.  It seems that the battery and/or alternator has expired.  Who knows, maybe both.  When it rains it pours. The jalopy will have to sit in COLD storage until we can gather the funds to fix it and use my car for transportation.  Katy works during the day and it looks like I will work at night time so we can make this happen.    It is 13 days to Christmas.  I know this because Justin Matthew Moffitt advised us of this today.  Do you remember being 8 years old and having Christmas two weeks away?  It seemed as if 14 days was an eternity.  Now, in my  older age, 13 days passes by and I don't even realize what happened. They say that the older you get the faster time flies.  Whoever said that knew what they were talking about.    Hey, guess what?  NO ONE is leaving comments on my blog any longer.  What gives folks?  Are you still reading this blather or have you just gone to peeking at the pictures only?  Tell me that you, my fan club, are visiting and reading my blog so that I will be encouraged to continue my daily drivel.    Happy Holidays