 Woman gets 10 years in mayo spat   Years ago there was a country and western artist who wrote a song about how frustrating it can be when you experience the drive up window of any fast food establishment.  I forget the artist or the name of the song but it was pretty popular for a short period of time. You know the drill. You drive up and are greeted by someone on the other end of the speaker who has a difficult time speaking clearly.  If that is not bad enough the speaker is a radio shack reject that should have been tossed out in the garbage.  Somehow they always wind up staring you in the face just as you want to have an intelligent conversation with the order taker.  The song goes on about a typcial order and because the communications is so screwed up the driver looses composure and winds up driving the car through the plate glass window of the restaurant in frustration.   I wonder if this lady in Houston Texas had this song running around her tiny brain BEFORE she lost all self control and decided to run over the manager.  I can relate to being frustrated over my order being screwed up.  How long does it take to order a Big Mac with cheese, GREASY fries and a cold drink?  How long does it take the mental process of keying it into the computer so that someone else can read it?  Nano seconds folks.... Its not that hard or atleast you would not think so.  We like to give everyone the benefit of the doubt therefore that is why we do not just drive to the window and hand the person a dry marker board with the order WRITTEN out in LARGE block letters.  We figure they understand plain english and that they comprehend that we want CHEESE and MAYONAISE on our freaking burger.    I LOVE the fact that the lady tossed her meal back through the drive through window.  How much damage did that cause?  Heck, we can all laugh about that.  Who knows, on an extremely bad day we might even park our cars, walk into the restaurant in question, identify the manager , take aim and fire the food at the idiot who got it wrong.  If you do that remember to take the bun off the burger so that when contact is made it will not bounce but stick to the subjects face when it lands.  If you miss, just walk over to someone elses food and grab their burger and yell FOOD fight real loud........  OK, maybe I am taking this a little too far.  You see the humor or maybe you are a manager of a drive in burger joint and you probably have already closed your browser window.   Attempted murder with a motor vehicle certainly goes above and beyond the call of duty.  Its one thing to catch your husband cheating on you and then decide to kill him with your car.  Its another thing to try and kill the manager because they forgot the mayo.  I wonder if the lady had the song "Grandma got run over by a reindeer song" just before she threw it in reverse and mashed the gas.....