         That was the title of the email my husband sent me this morning. He got busted for riding his scooter on the sidewalk by NASA's version of mallcops. Only, the guys who pulled him over didn't know which rule they were enforcing so they made him stand there while they called into dispatch to have someone look up just exactly how what John was doing was illegal. Even though their inspiration for pulling him over was the moment he began riding on the street instead of the sidewalk because their ceased to be a sidewalk, they ended up deciding riding on the sidewalk is what was actually wrong, not according to any federal or NASA rules, but according to Texas state law.  You have to know that commuting in anything other than a single-occupant car has gotten increasingly impossible at NASA since 9/11. Family members have always been able to drive onsite to drop off employees as long as the car was badged by NASA at JSC. This was never the case at many other NASA centers so this was the first to go. Perhaps this was the most understandable of the changes, but bigger and stupider changes followed. First, they stopped letting the busses drive onsite so he had to get out and walk from the front gate. Then, after several months and some complaints, United Space Alliance shuttle service was made accessible to civil servants, which transported from near the park and ride into NASA, but still not the full site drop-offs busses previously provided. The shuttle's caused a longer commute for their waiting time so John's solution was to buy an electric scooter to transport him from the park and ride to his office. This was the first week he's been doing this, and today his scooter dreams were blocked.  Until... Amid a little research for his soon to be delivered angry letter regarding the stupid policy, John came across this   blogger , who was apparently inspired to look up and post the Texas statutes on the issue. If you follow the link you'll see that electric scooters are allowed on streets and sidewalks. Take that clean commuter haters!   For a little perspective, let's just remember that a few years back, every branch of the federal government was mandated by the executive branch to support clean commuting options for their workers.