         It’s noon on Sunday. What does that mean? 1) football, and 2) beer! Hooray! Welcome to what has become an annual holiday in the Feighery house: opening weekend in the NFL! This year I didn’t follow the preseason too closely, blame it on a toddler and the endless series of family vacations from hell. I’d refer you to that section of the blog, but it was erased in a freak accident involving odd Windows procedures. In retrospect, I have credited the loss of words—initially very painful—to the universe’s infinite wisdom. On one hand, the entries included a long, dramatic, and, dare I brag, well-written bit on the space program, the report, and our lives since T=0, otherwise known as February 1st. But on the other hand, it also included some of the most personal words I’ve written since I began blogging and that in turn included some very angry details about my parents and siblings. So, parents and siblings, consider yourselves off the hook. I’m over the damn vacation now and you didn’t even have to suffer the blogging consequences. The really productive thing that came out of losing the entries was my decision to move my blog to blogger.   This takes us to the other big deal about this entry: welcome to blogger, faithful readers! In honor of the move, I’ve officially named my blog Nomad. Nomad was taken among blogger blogs, so the URL is PlanetNomad. I like the word planet anyway, after John told me it’s origins mean wanderer, so named because the planets are bodies that wander around the sun. And there’s the whole space focus in our family anyway. By the way, can someone please tell me how to postdate my p-blog into the blogger archive?!?  But back to football, today’s opening game is a special one for several reasons. Our home town Texans are playing Miami, whose star player (besides their new sign-on, Junior) is Ricky Williams, a fantastic netizen and brilliant blogger (I’ll learn to link the stuff next week, for now, go to runrickyrun.com). Until I found Ricky’s blog last year, I never cared a bit about Miami. But cheering for Ricky is a lot like supporting the Howard Dean campaign, which I am proud to say I along with my $100 did this week in lieu of being in New Mexico to support him in person. When a person joins the on-line community, they open themselves up completely. Suddenly, it’s like your neighbor who just moved in turns out to be running for President, or starting in the big game this weekend. Does that make you an automatic supporter? Pretty much.   The Texans are actually doing pretty well. They’re 14 down in the spread, so just showing up is going to be an improvement. But let’s face it, this Miami team was one game away from the Super Bowl the last time they took the field. I’d say, just from watching the first quarter, the biggest improvement in the team so far is the way they manage the playclock. Screw you, Microsoft spell check. Playclock is too a word.     UPDATE: I changed the name, after seeing Nomad up in print over and over. The theme of the year has definitely been the same river twice paradox, but i was hoping to save that name for a book. so here's the deal. nobody better steal my book title or i'll beat you up.