         Everyone in this part of the world is focused on the UT-OU game. Last I checked, OU was whooping some UT horns. I could really give a flying *aggie sign* about college football, NFL is where it's at. It's funny that I feel the exact opposite in regards to basketball. Pro is way to individual-oriented, too much offence no defense, no plays run at all, unless you count the well-paid/under grand jury investigation tall guy getting the ball and jumping from impossibly far out to dunk it a play. This last year I had the amazing experience of attending the Final Four in person. Wow. This year, the Super Bowl is in Houston. Attending it would be the perfect one-two punch for my career as an avid sports fan. Maybe followed by a writing contract with NFL.com or ESPN. I could replace Rush! I promise to yell no profanely racist comments and to actually listen and to... wait, the only women the NFL hires are weather sluts or sideline bimbos. Still, I love the game.  I know I've been out of the action for two weekends due to traveling, but I'm back and Sunday is upon us.   King Kaufman  is definitely on his game in his column, in which he makes witty little comments about stupid kickers not avoiding Dante Hall. If you go to Salon to check him out, stay for the   Anne Lemott article . I think it's hilarious that Arnold makes Anne stir inside real deep! As always, let me know if you need help cracking your way into Salon's articles.   Each week I am amazed at the filming by   HBO's Inside the NFL . Since the season began (this is my first season to have HBO, for those of you lucky ducks who are like, we learned this last year!), I keep thinking it can't get any better. But it does! If you don't have HBO, it's like the filming on the feature link historic game overviews you see on ESPN all the time, or on network around the Super Bowl. Only, it's not about some boring game played before I was born, it's now! They set up sideline cameras that keep up with Ricky Williams making an amazing breakaway, meanwhile playing the sound from the mic'ed up ref or linebacker. I honest to God felt I was there. I have yet to be sold on their newhires, but I'll give them a chance. The episode from two weeks ago is my favorite. This puny lawyer for   Maurice Clarett  got cheeky with   Cris Carter , I thought he was going to lose his head!  Speaking of   Ricky , he's writing again and things are good in runrickyrun land. He says things don't get much better than this, presumably speaking of being the star player on a team that is Super Bowl material. I got a very nice compliment this week when a friend said if they were reincarnated any time soon they hoped to be the third Feighery child. Well, I'll pass this buck along and say I want to be Ricky Williams! Or Brian Urlacher. Ooh, too tough to call. I can't dis my New Mexico boy.   Ok, enough talk. Tomorrow the Texans simply must beat the Titans. Last year was amazing with the Dallas win right off the bat, but was hampered by the absence of a Titan pounding. The year I moved to Houston, everyone had bumper stickers that read Go Oilers! Take the Astros With You! This was the year the turncoat Oilers decided to move to Tennessee and became the Titans. The Bears must also win because everyone thinks it's a fluke that they beat Oakland last week. The only time the Saints came out to play this year was against Houston, so they just can't have two out of my three teams.   So in summary, go Bears, run Ricky, pound 'em, Texans, and don't kick to Dante Hall. Kickoff's at noon, see you tomorrow! Cheers!