         ok, this story is very friend of a friend-ish, but identities are very sensitive regarding such topics.   "A Friend" who is now into her senior years had no fewer than six miscarriages throughout the course of her marriage. The seventh time she conceived, she carried the baby the longest, I don't know how long exactly, I'm guessing by her words it was somewhere around the second or early third trimester. She began having complications with the pregnancy and was informed by her doctor that the baby could clearly no longer survive, and if she delivered, she would probably die too. With unbelievable pain, she and her husband decided to terminate the pregnancy to save her life.   This woman is either a blue dog Texas Dem or a Republican, I'm not sure which, so her story utterly shocked me because she began to share it by stating her opposition to the newest legislation on late term abortions. She said, if this all occurred today, she would either   be a fugitive  for finding a way to end the pregnancy anyway, or dead because the procedure   was made illegal this week , and no consideration for the mother's life was written into the law that bans late term abortions.     Red Ted  held   quite an intense discussion on his website this week  regarding   pro-choice ,   anti-abortion  positions. As a pro-choice woman who rarely gets to lay down my position, I was happy to comment this:   I agree with Sebastian in that the pro-choice side is entirely too caught up in the gray. The bottom line is that the   legal precedent cannot be set  for government telling women what they can and   can't do with their bodies .   The sly anti-abortion argument is to take the most extreme example (  partial birth, or late term abortions ) to get the foot of precedent in the door. And yet, these abortions account for less than one tenth of one percent of all abortions in our country, and when they do happen, they are virtually always to save a woman's life. No doctor   worth his spit  would ever perform a late term abortion otherwise. The policy is there, and it's working.   I'm going to take this discussion in an entirely different direction on my own blog, but regarding this, let me summarize that the legal status of birth control and abortion alike does not equate to a mandate for women to utilize these options, but rather leaves the decision up to the woman.   If  our society is going to respect women as individuals and give them the rights and freedoms they deserve, then these decisions too should be left to each woman. Whether using either is morally right or wrong is an issue a woman can take up with her mother or friend or pastor. Legislating it out of her hands (an act done almost entirely by men) is just another way to   keep the woman down .