         I really had a nice morning. We went to the Flaming Fall last night, an anual party that I thought had seen its end since Mich moved away and has always been the co-host. But she was in town visiting for the weekend, and Leeward and Marianne took the chance to have the party. We went, and I had a nice time dressing up and socializing. When we got home I fell into bed still in jewelry and make-up, exhausted, and we didn't even stay too late!   This morning John let me sleep in until 10 and I awoke feeling so refreshed. I walked around all day with   sex hair , and yet no sex had been had! We took a long walk, we went to the nice swing park along Buffalo Bayou. I swung with abandon! Then I raced up the grass hills with Aidan and we rolled down on our sides.   Feeling so good about life, I made an important decision. I'm sick of walking around acting like second class goods. In our lives I'm always trying to make up for our age. At every parenting function we're the youngest parents by far. When my parents attended the Halloween Carnivale with us, I had fun pointing out that all the other parents were their age. The other moms always look sideways at me. I find myself filling in the gaps of their thoughts, I think they're putting me down for not exercising more family planning and waiting until an appropriate age to have kids. Similarly, at any work event for either of us, we're always the youngest. I remember back at MFAH, on the first day of my first real job ever, I was introduced in a staff meeting and this one woman said, so how old  are  you? I've spent the totality of my career since trying to hide that detail. Well no more.   Our lives are fantastic. Epic. We're madly in love, and we were amazingly lucky to meet eachother as teenagers. We waited plenty long, probably too long, to get married. We enjoyed our marriage, and our lives, and we made a conscious, cerebral decision to enrich them with kids. Two big factors influenced that decision: 1) I knew my career would only become more involved and I wanted to have kids (a kid, at that point I only wanted one) while things weren't too intense to take the time off I needed, and 2) my OB-Gyn who performed my lap told us straight out that my fertility wouldn't last forever due to endometriosis. I guess there's also the hidden third factor, that all women in my family seem to conceive at 23. Physically or mentally, that was ingrained in me as normal.   I don't regret it at all, I'm sick of pretending like I do. I don't want to get caught up in keeping up with the Jonses because really, I've already beaten them. Where were they at 26? Certainly not amid two exciting careers, living in a fun house downtown, with two gorgeous, perfect children. I'm a passionate, educated, crazy woman in my twenties. I have a sex life worthy of HBO, children worthy of ivy league, and a husband worthy of the nobel prize for engineering. Best of all, I'm nowhere near middle age. Life can only get better from here!