         Btw,   the more direct link is here . Anyway, reading the intro to the current question up for discussion:   "Gatherings in homes and restaurants encourage strangers to meet regularly and develop political communities.  The night before the election, a Zogby poll indicates that 42% of Americans describe themselves as "re-engaged in politics"; a full 65% say they have developed some sort of new relationship with another person as a result of the campaign."   I'm struck how similar the aspects behind the spark of Dean's campaign are to the sparks behind the early Christian church. Those same sparks are being recreated by churches across the country by way of small groups movements, but I don't think it's catching on quite so strong as Dean's tactics. Individuals, meeting in private, personal locations with which they are familiar, believing in something more grand than themselves, finding their place in the big system for probably the first time... It's so exciting!   We have been supporters of the Dean campaign since the earliest stages. Back in the summer of 2001 we saw Dean on a Sunday talkshow, and that week I told my parents, "you watch, this man is going to be the next president of the United States!" They, along with the rest of the country were like, Howard who? But now they've got Dean bumper stickers! A few weeks ago we saw Dean speak in Houston, we had a ball. It was a great event. I saw Clinton and Gore both speak in preparation to their candidacies, I was even at Clinton's first inauguration, and Dean left just as big an impression on me. Plus, it was my kids' first big political rally, I think it made a big impression on them, too.   And yet, we have yet to attend any meet-ups. We came closest once in Taos, but never in Houston. Why? I think it's because the impression I get is that the Dean crowd is comprised mostly of Boomers post kids or yuppies pre kids and we are neither. If a meet-up was initiated that was openly play date-ish, we'd be there asap. Someone, please? They want the soccer parent vote, right?