         My experience   Tuesday of having the worst day ever  expanded to feeling like the worst week ever, after   Wednesday Aidan had a bad accident at school , for which I kept him home on Thursday (not easy to do) and by Friday culminated with getting pulled over _again_ (who gets pulled over for expired stickers twice in three days after driving with expired stickers for a year!?!), and then the usual anger at John when he returns for a trip on Friday night. I don't know why, but this last one was especially bad. I have to go into this tough place in my head where I don't need him in order to survive his absence, and it's hard to turn that off when he walks back in the door. But also, I didn't know until I saw him how angry I was that he didn't come home Wednesday after the accident. I'm grateful he's here at all, he's supposed to be in California until next Thursday, after all.  Yet another contributing factor to my bad week was the enormously bad energy the Super Bowl seems to have brought to Houston. Everyone is angry! I have a few theories: 1) this is bringing in a lot of people from the suburbs, who might not necessarily always be angry, but who are certainly fearful of the big city and therefore angry out of their defensiveness, 2) the events surrounding the Super Bowl are a little Sodom and Gomorrah (not b/c of any same sex stuff--I've never felt that was the big issue there, but rather the overindulged, self-involved, feel good right now vibe), 3) football fans just aren't as joyous, happy for a good game as the Final Four basketball crowd, which is my only other experience with giant sporting events. Maybe football fans are more blood thirsty, like the gladiator fans that just want to see blood spilled. This last reason pains me, because I love, love, love NFL football. I'm not even sure how true this could be b/c not that many people who are here are football fans. Most are just here for the prestige of attending a Super Bowl and could give a shit about the game.   Regardless of the reason, this week Houston has bad JooJoo. People honk and cut your off angrily on the road, they yell and push in crowds, my dad said the airport was a mess with rude and rowdy Super Bowl visitors last night. I never thought I'd say this, but I'll be glad when Game Day has passed. At least they gave us lightrail!  Anyway, just as on Tuesday, I realized   Gwen's day  had trumped mine in bad-ness, my bad week wasn't the worst one either. Even considering the considerable trauma our family experienced with Aidan's mouth injury, our week wasn't that bad compared to the week   Gina of Mom-Blog or her father experienced . This quaint little blogging community on the internet is wonderful for putting perspective in life. Today, I'll be sure to raise a glass for the Gina B family.