         Here in Houston, I don't have a chance in hell of making an impact on the selection of the Democratic Presidential candidate with my vote. The primary here is hopelessly (purposefully?) late, the dye will be cast long beforehand. So what am I left to do? Join the disillusioned masses? Never! I blog!  Since everyone is arguing about which candidate will make the best showing against Bush, I'd like to go the inverse route and say which candidates will do worst.   Whatever you do, please please please don't vote for Clark. This is a man that campaigns on the promise that he'll draw former Reagan supporters to vote for him! This belies the fact that Clark should go back to the party he so recently left, the Republicans. But that's not even the worst of him. The biggest criticism I've had all along of the Bush administration is the way they stacked the deck from day one toward the military. Virtually every cabinet position was filled by a military officer, even ones that our government designed to reflect the non-military view (if diplomacy can be seen, as they've shown, as the anti-military response), such as Colin Powell's position as Secretary of State.   As a result, the first week Bush was in office, he pulled the diplomatic officials out of Israel/Palestine, only later to reinsert them when tensions clearly escalated in their absence. Also consequently, when diplomacy-based solutions effectively contained Sadam Hussein, the administration didn't recognize such an irresolute solution and proceeded to drop bombs.   On every Sunday morning TV show, among every pundit interview throughout all this time, sits retired military officials masquerading as experts lending their deciphering mind. But this leaves the American culture with the mistaken idea that the military option is the only option on the table.   I'm not a blind fan for the Clinton years. He had his faults. But I will say that Clinton's life experience, primarily that of a Rhodes scholar, and a man who had lived abroad, among people different than him, contributed invaluably to the largely-diplomatically attained peace our country enjoyed during his two terms.   Remember that our government was based on Checks and Balances. The tension between the opposing poles is designed to lend a rational response to any variety of situations. Clark is fresh out of the military, and as such, will only sustain this disastrous and reckless continuum of military campaigns.