         I've been thinking for a while how great it would be if a cast member from either Real World or Road Rules would blog during their interment. Today, I found   this blog  that, while not kept by cast members, is kept by a fanatic with good loop proximity. Apparently, the next RW will be in Philadelphia! Wow, go Phili. Can you imagine if they filmed in Houston?   This season, in the run up to the big San Diego premier, I watched some of the Real Worlds of the past marathon. It was so nostalgic! I was seventeen when I first became a RW fan, probably b/c that's the first year my family had satellite TV! I still remember my mom and I spent a whole weekend in our pajamas watching a San Francisco marathon. My dad must have been away working b/c that's not the kind of thing he would enjoy. We loved Puck, even before it was cool to love Puck and we were so distraught at the news of Pedro's death.   Watching the evolution of the program through the years really made me feel that, while I grew up in so many ways watching each season, the show itself did not. They used to cast people with jobs and lives, they didn't hand them a cush job upon arrival, and that encouraged the casting of people who knew what consequences were. Even Puck, fucking puck, had a job that was great for his personality. Remember? He was a bicycle delivery boy who went all hardcore all over the hills of San Fran. The show could focus more on each castmember's desires for accomplishments, and therefore, on the pitfalls and triumphs they faced regarding those desires. These days, it's so sorority/fraternity house feeling.   I know MTV isn't in the business of parenting teenagers, but they are a major influence on our country's youth culture. Sometimes, it seems like the producers care about that when they air programs like the special on AIDS or the Tony Blaire townhall. And then they go drop the ball with all their double d boobies, size 4 pant-wearing, giggling girls who never had a dream for accomplishment in their lives. The cast members they used to bring on were better role models by far. Oh well, at least they have the Osbournes...