         Stricken by the flu (I don't want to say that like it's a bad thing because when you're the work at home mom, a sick day is the only way to get a work at home dad!), I've gotten even more cozy with my TiVo this week. It wasn't a bad week for that, either!   So far my favorite of the whole week was the series premier of   Till Death Do Us Part , or Newleyweds: Dave and Carmen. I never got into   Nick and Jessica , she always made me too angry with her stupid blonde girl routine and he's pretty whiney. You don't realize how whiney he is until you see the promos for next week's show in which he turns thirty. At least she can blame her bad attitude on youth. Plus, they've got the whole sloppy, lazy, messy thing going in despite the fact that they're very rich, have maids, have parents always bailing them out... just yucky. Anyway, Dave and Carmen are like the goth version, and they're pulling it off perfectly. I find myself much more sympathetic to this show, plus they're funnier. I'm much more likely to listen to Janes Addiction or Camp Freddie than anything Nick or Jessica have to sing. I know the Nick and Jessica crowd was   primarily sorority girls , past and present, but here's a marriage model for the rest of our country's disaffected youth culture!   The TiVo provided my own private analogy for how I felt the State of the Union address went when half way through I heard a little bing and got a message that the finale for   Real World vs. Road Rules  was about to start. Oh thank God! As long as I have to spend the evening watching spoiled [mostly] white kids who've never had a reflective thought in their lives, I'd much rather do it on MTV. And, speaking of the finale, am I the only one who thinks Coral somehow managed to fake anaphilactic shock? Stupid MTV, though, frustrates me so much when they cast women with unbelievably little musculature in their bodies and/or breasts so big they literally can't run, and then put them in a physical contest. It really isn't doing much to improve the image of young women.   But seriously, about the SOTUA, I just have a few complaints. First, I understand that Bush is a man who made the career transition from professional sports to politics, so maybe they're linked in his head. But for the rest of us, naming performance altering drugs alongside international security and the national debt seems a little off. Second, what happened to last year's failed promises? And I don't mean just the whole WMD thing, b/c of course that's been tabled, but what of the African AIDS relief, education initiatives, or corporate reform, just to name a few?   Thirdly, I noticed--and I don't think anyone else has called attention to it--the state of Bush's presidency can be monitored by the color of his tie. In his first SOTUA, his tie was a light lavender. Then, last year it was deep blue. This year, it was bright red. Danger! Danger Mr. Bush! Dems on the horizon! Notably, Dick Cheney's tie has been on high alert since the beginning, transitioning slightly from an aggie-red to this year's bright red.   Naturally, the good moments included the accidental clapping during the tax bit and the two instances of boo-ing. If Howard Dean does nothing else with his political career, at least he made it popular to diss the Bush administration again. Btw, Jon Stuart had the best wrap-up of the SOTUA last night on his Daily Show. Much of it   can be seen on the website here . But I don't think that includes the John McCain interview. It replays today on Comedy Central at 6 central and I really insist you watch!  Just finishing up here with my TV pics of the week, Scrubs was kind of good, which is nice b/c they've sucked this season.   Sharon Osbourne  was hilarious today, seriously contending with   Ellen  (who has the better website, funnier anyway) for my morning TV routine. Why must they collide! Bravo is like your special soft blanket when you're sick, it's always there to offer something fun to wrap up in. Thank God for Queer Eye and West Wing re-runs. Last night I watched most of the Dems debate to see if Dean has anything left in him for the fight: he does. But Edwards is picking up speed. It's so obvious that Edwards is the networks' chosen one. Did you know Kerry was in Skull and Bones? He's so evil! Lastly, I watched the Widow of St. Pierre yesterday on HBO Signature. Good subtitled foreign film for daytime TV, if a little sad since it's a true story. Very powerful message re society, criminals, and rehabilitation. Left me guessing for the ending. I love Juliette Binoche. She's so beautiful!