         Both   the Writers' Almanac  and   the Guardian  recognized the passing of author James Joyce on this day in 1941. The former reminded us of the cyclic nature in which Joyce profoundly wronte Fennegan's Wake.   "The first sentence of the book is the end of the unfinished last sentence. The book ends, "A way a lone a last a loved along the," and begins, "riverrun, past Eve and Adam's from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodious vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.""   The Guardian reprinted the obit they ran the next day back in 1941:    Guardian Unlimited | Special reports | James Joyce : "Tuesday January 14, 1941 The Guardian   With the death of James Joyce there passes the strangest and most original figure which Ireland gave to Europe in this generation. The ban imposed for years upon his 'Ulysses' gave a notoriety to his name without disclosing his true stature and strength. That he was a genuine artist, sincere, integrated, and profound is clear from the simplicity of his early short stories 'Dubliners' and from the well-defined autobiographical narrative of 'Portrait of the Artist.' In 'Ulysses' he attempted the difficult task of presenting a complete picture of the life of the individual in our time, both conscious and subconscious, the single, peccant, groping man with the hard unrelenting universe around him. In 'Finnegan's Wake' (sic) he went farther, and in a strange inventive tongue he seemed to break through the barriers of time, though so complex is the medium that without commentary few can follow the meaning. In his background were the old traditions of Dublin and of the Roman Catholic Church. He broke with them both as far as a man can ever break with so deeply grounded a past, and portrayed the chaos of a disorganised world. "  A guy named Tim Szeliga   runs a website  devoted to James Joyce, in which you can not only read Ulysses and Fennegans Wake, but search them in online concordances. That's just why the web is so cool.   postscript: If you read me often, you know this blog was named for last year's memo which came via the universe from God himself, as they do each year, to teach me about His world. This year's memo is just starting to take form, but already James Joyce plays a central role. What do I do? Rename my blog? Everyone knows of it as its old title. I think this year it should be A Commodious Vicus of Recirculation. We could call it Commodious for short. Really. What do I do?