         What a fantastic weekend for football. Three out of the four playoff games went into overtime, and that deserves two giant asterisks because 1) if Danta Hall had been just a yard or two luckier, all four would have gone into overtime, and 2) one of the games went into double overtime for just the fifth time in NFL playoff history.   I love, love, love football. With a passion, I love it. And as the season nears its end I feel this ravenous appetite to savour every last drop of the waning season. So last night, rather than split my attention between my dinner party guests and the final game of the weekend (thus being both rude to my guests and not fully free to enjoy the game with gusto), I watched until they arrived--mid-way through the third quarter--then TiVoed the rest of the game. Later, as I watched the recorded game, I was in pain when I realized TiVo only captured the game to the end of regulation. No overtime! Why can't TiVo figure out the game isn't over! It was my own personal Heidi incident (no, I'm not old enough to remember that, but I've heard the story told by football fans still in pain).  The worst is this, at around 7:35 I realized this might be a danger, so I turned the TV on--we were midway through the Simpsons, but the channel guide said Bernie Mac Show, so I knew the game had run late--and pressed record again then turned the TV off. If I had done this at 7:29, I would have been safe, but TiVo thought I really did want the Bernie Mac Show and only got the Simpsons which ran in its place.   The second shortcoming is that I cannot record one show live, and watch another show live. Replay TV does this, but not my TiVo. This wasn't too big a problem until today when Sharon returned live to the Sharon Osbourne Show at the same time Ellen played in her new slot on local NBC. I ended up watching Sharon, and flipping over to Ellen during commercials, which used to be what I did for the View, but the View just sucks now. Ellen is so funny, really hurt your side funny, and Sharon is so genuine and Osbourne! Her show is like watching the greenroom chats behind MTV. The very fact that I have this difficult choice to make really says a lot about the continually improving quality of daytime TV. Imagine if I turned into a work-from-home mom five years ago when my only choices would have been the Price is Right or Maury Povich!