         So this was my first weekend with TiVo, very exciting! First, let me explain how TiVo has transformed my fan-dom of football. During the play-offs, or after the college season (I'm not sure which is the bigger factor), NFL games play on Saturday. This doubles my time drinking beer and laying on the couch, and consequently, typically cuts my productive weekend time down quite a bit. But this Saturday was different! This Saturday I wrote and read through the first thirty minutes of the doubleheader, then I balip-balip-balipped my way to the beginning of the game and watched football without commercials! It was perfect! Here's the amazing thing though, thirty minutes was actually not enough of a delay, I could have skipped the first 45 minutes and still watched the last half of the forth quarter live (somehow it seems wrong not to watch the end of the game live). I felt so productive! TiVo gave me minutes back in my life!  As if that weren't good enough, Sunday night we had coincidentally left the TiVo on HBO while the TV was off. We played with the kids,   put up Aidan's tent for the Responsibility Chart Award , put them to bed, then sat down to watch some TV before the weekend was officially over. As I turned on the TV I realized I'd missed the first half of the Sex and the City season opener! Noooo! Then a zen-like calm overtook me as I realized I could balip-balip-balip my way back to its beginning, plus save the whole episode for my sister-in-law! Of course, now we're going to have to upgrade our monthly subscription to TiVo plus (something like $10 or $15/month) so I can get season pass and then TiVo will recognize for me that I'm about to miss one of the shows I watch most often and record it in a special temp spot on its drive.   This is so great. Really. It's like in the tier of great things in my life shared by Yolanda and sex and dark chocolate and good red wine. Oh wait, now it's coming to me! My ideal fantasy has suddenly become leaving the kids with Yolanda, having sex while eating dark chocolate, drinking good red wine, and watching TiVo! Yes! Yes! oh God, Yes!  OK, back to reality. But that's not so bad because now reality has TiVo. Sort of. Last night as John and I cuddled for one last protected moment before we retreated to bed and the beginning of The Work Week, I begged him to invent a way to TiVo the weekend, so I could just balip my way back to Friday night and have it all to live through again...