         The security guards pay a tad extra heed to punk-rawk Mickey. Chase looks back lazily as he enters, "What the shit..." Who knew beer needed so much protection. Well, perhaps from monster alcoholics and drug addicts, they do. Hello Chase, hello Penny.  No, they never did like our kind. In fact, there's a kind of active animosity in their eyes. Sending out one of their stockboy minions to 'unpack' and 'restock' is a thinly vieled surviellance tack.  Trolling the aisles, Penny's pushing a cart with a case of Labatt's in the bottom, just getting her shopping started. The early afternoon brought in a truckload of frat & sorority kids; she stands in sharp contrast to their bluster and noise, a very serious woman on a mission. She pushes the cart back and forth, squeaky-wheeling the college kids away.  "No fuckin' Coors." On the verge of outrage, Chase pays in spades for having bad taste in beer north of the border. His perusing stops near the chill stale air leaking from the cracks of the refrigerating system. The man's now frozen in front of one of the windows, a plethora of micro-brewed beers beckon his attention. But he's lost in some kind of intense calculation, perhaps figuring out what kind of possible substitute there could be for the Silver Bullet.  "Oi, 'ets Nazi beer anyway. You don't want that," friendly-like, now.  The squeaky wheel was coming upon you under further rattling of wine bottles; a whole army of dark green bottles holds the line in the back of her cart. Penny reaches into the fridge door next to that one and starts pulling out boxed wine, up-ending them into the front part. "Try that one," chin-points at a yellow label "the old man digs it."  "Yeah, I know." Chase looks disenchanted. Way to piss in his beer. Eyes are downcast, pretending to spot something on his boots. "But the shit's good." Trying hard to convince Penny the politics of that particular Beer Baron doesn't matter. But you can see it irks him. FInally though, he locks upon the proffered label with suspicion. "What's that then." He folds over to inspect. "Uncle Grampa's Honey Pot, Wheat Ale...." The square jawed man contemplates. "Looks gay."  "I'm just sayin' - don't hafta get all bitchy about it. Shit man, it's just beer, what's your problem?" Penny, taciturn. She makes to shove past you and get a six pack out just to prove her point. Or something. Maybe her elbow 'accidentally' catches you in the arm as she's turning back to the cart. "You got somethin'a say just say it. Don't go dissin'the old man," leveling with a look; that oh-yeah? look so common "No need for that, he's good people."  "Alright, alright, heysoos de christo. Don't queen out on me." Chase raises one side of his thin smile and holds up callused hands. "Look." The reach for Uncle Grampa's Honey Pot Wheat Ale is a display of nonaggression. "I'm gonna check out the old man's taster's choice." A 6er is raised, though absent eyes have to double check the label. "Say, who's the old man anyways? I know 'm then?"  Penny does a where-am-I lean to read the signs, doublechecks that aisle there and that other one there. "Yeah y'do - Comps. Hawaii Five-oh?" assuming you'd know exactly what she's on about, Penny keeps walking. Now we're aiming for the white wine and mixer collection. We're casually ignoring the clerk in the apron shadowing us and sticking together 'cause there's safety in numbers. "Toss it in," nodding at your six and the toxic-looking lime green daquiri stuff on your side. "he was at the thing the other night."  "Oh, oh. Dude with the 10/90?" Chase asks, but knows. "Oh yeah. I 'member him. Right then." For some reason it seems an acceptable idea to follow the suggestions of a man with a mullet on the complicated subject of beer. The squat man nods rhythmically and follows in tow. The 6er's in the basket, and he finally realizes the amount of alcohol Penny is loading up on could fund a small party. "What is all this shit?" Pointy finger points.  Nodding, she yeah-hims in the middle of that " I do the shopping this week,"  her response as casual as it is vague. Hangs a left into the next. Here we have vodka in all varieties and colors. With pepper, with citrus, without alcohol percentages on the label. Her fingers crawl over bottles, slipping both hands onto four bottles of The Tall Blonde. She holds them close and heaves them over the cart's rail. "Oh and they say we might be moving in. So there's the housewarming to consider. Things to keep in mind."  Tom steps in from the street. Tom has arrived.  "Tits." Chase affords approval and lingers towards the -extra- peppered beef jerky. A long irregularly shaped piece of dried cow skin is pulled from one of the bins. "This is shaped like Argentina." Perhaps an astute observation or drifting gaze, his boots follow Penny and her cart of mobile death up the Vodka isle. The store clerk notes their presence with a keen eye. "When ya movin' then?" The punk returns to fall in line, tasty beefy treat in check.  Shrugged down into his coat, gripping his suitcase loosely in one hand, Tom eases into the liquor store. Maybe not the best part of town for Tom to come  on a random jaunt down to, but here he is - buying liquor, no less. He gravitates towards the long cooler full of beers, wines, and premixed beverages... taking slow, meandering steps, fingers occasionally brushing alongside the cool glass.  Passing Penny and Chase are shopping in the vodka aisle. They're being overtly shadowed by a clerk in an apron because they're the shifty sort around these parts. Shiftier than the college kids by far. "Next week I think," a terse aside. Penny's more focused on the rubber-sole steps moving past them. She watches Tom's back the way people do when they're starstruck or sure, so sure they know that person. Voice low, then, almost a murmur "Heaviest things'll be this," nodding to the cart "shouldn't be too much of an ordeal."  Starting towards the counter now, Chase looks back to conspire with baldy. "Is this it, or wha'?" Bloodshot eyes survey the immediate vicinity, they still haven't hit the dark liquor section. "You got whiskey in there?" He cants his head, stressing the importance of said content. "I'm not goin' to any housewarmin' without whiskey." Note to Penny, don't buy Whiskey.  If Tom knows he's been spotted - or if he's anxious about the possibility of being spotted - he doesn't exactly show it. Just continues his meaningful quest for the right beer across three... now, four, then... five... rows of beer. A halt between Japan and Thailand - the beers are grouped by region, then nation. Towards the end of Japan, he finds a frosted six-pack of Sapporo. He slides the door open, reaches in, hefts up the stylish beers in their stylish paper case. Lets the door slide close on its own - he turns his back on it, walks to the bar... one foot in front of the other, with no particular rush.  She shrugs into a sidelong glance at the frat boys just leaving ahead of them. One of them keeps feeling around his pockets, looking around at the floor, confused but let onward by his unconcerned friends. "S'just the essentials," hands deep in the pockets of her jacket, she pushes the cart forward with her hip keeping a slower pace. The squeaky wheel ribbits out in a predictible pattern as they keep moving, Penny fingering out a sizable fold of bills "I'm supposed to get a receipt for everything. Fucking Steve.. and fucking /Dave/" spitting that name out; rusty nail in her cheerios.  "What're they, writing this shit off?" Chase quips while lending a callused hand to the cause. His cause. Some Bushmill's whiskey is reached for and snuck in with the army of bottles. A fair amount of cash is withdrawn from his pocket and offered up into the frey. "'Ere." That's for Uncle Grampa's finest. Stained teeth start in on the jerky, and tear at the flesh with tensing jaw muscles.  Tom grabs a slim bottle of Grey Goose Vodka with thumb and forefinger off of the end of an aisle. He makes for the line leading to the register... patient, calm. No where in particular to go with all this alcohol. Just making one leisurely stop on the way to some other leisurely stop.  Turning at the register, she tugs the shopping cart behind her and moves to start unloading things. She shakes her head no at the money he offers "Put that away, jesus" lifting out things from the far side onto the tiny little conveyor. There won't be enough room length-wise to get everything all at once; she starts piling the boxed wine "Hey can you get me two more'a these?" She holds two fingers up to Chase, index and middle splayed. "Please?"  Wordless, the thick man turns to run the gauntlet. Chase passes Tom with unblinking red eyes fixed on some vino. Boots thump along, made for terrain much more treacherous than the inside of this store. The two bottles *clink* together as they're pulled from their brothers and sisters.  Nonchalantly, Tom turns sideways for Chase to pass, with nary a glance at him. Brow arched, he looks towards the front of the line... then glances down to read the label on his vodka, head canted to the side. Reading something or the other on the side of the bottle. Another glance up and over.  The beep-beep at the checkout is steady. Machines work. The girl swings the bottles, barcodes down over the infrared without really looking or paying any kind of real attention to the work she's doing; or rather the work the machine is doing. Nobody ever watches the machines; machines are perfect.Perfect until the beep-beep becomes a singular noise-flare. Error. Penny fidgets a little in front of the cashier shen she picks up the intercom, the nasal english-as-a-second-language amplified to reach the entire store and all it's busy employees,  "PRICE CHECK ON THE TALL BLONDE."  Already uncomfortable in her position at the head of the line, now she's holding things up. In a small voice, Penny clears her throat "I think they were on sale." It's the kind of thing everyone says when there's a problem. The cashier just looks at her. And the rest of her items. And pushes a big red button,  "MANAGER TO THE FRONT, PLEASE."  "Shite." Chase curses under his breath as he rejoins baldy and with the two bottles. His nose wrinkles as the manager is called for, and shoulders shift to preemptively spot the overseer. The horse neck of his *cracks* when it's turned a bit too far to one extreme. No flinch on Chase's plain features. "It was on sale..." There's some backup.  Tom glances fixedly at the pair, his interest quite apparent. A gentle lift of his hand readjusts the loose and somewhat sweaty grip on the neck of the vodka bottle, pinched between thumb and forefinger. The six-pack must be killing the circulation of those three fingers he grips it with. Pale eyes scan Chase... skim to Penny. Back to Chase. Tall Blonde on sale, eh...?  Penny drops into defensive mode, deciding that waiting five minutes for the manager to get off his ass shouldn't be in her list of things to do with her evening. "Look it's right there on the shelf," gesturing largely behind her in a grand arc across the whole of the store "on a pink sign. With cut-out stars. It says six for thirty-six. You want me to go get it? I'll get the sign, okay?" The manager still has not appeared. The cashier seems rooted to the spot, a sentry lacking what capacity it takes for enlightened thought. She stares at Penny, nonplussed. "Just wait for the manager." Penny's hands come out of her pockets, thumb and forefingers flex back over her head "Fine, fine" looking at Chase "are they all like this? Shit.." Where is the help? Is the help coming from back there beyond Tom? Looking straight at him, her gaze a lit fuse.  "Fuckin' hell." Grumbling from the gallery, Chase turns again to await the manager, Mr. Snuffaluffagus. His square jaw is still chewing on spiced beef as absent fingers reach up to scratch behind an ear. Red eyes meet pale counterparts, the punk looks in Tom's direction as well. Both expecting help to arrive from the same direction. "Yes, everyone's like 'this'" More chewing, it does take a while to eat those pieces of store bought jerky.  As if feeling some sort of... responsibility for this... the dullness of the clerks, the shrill, shrieking horror of the banal business exchange, the difficulty of capitalist money-for-merchandise exchange in this day and age... Tom glances momentarily away... then back up at the pair, calling over, "I think the sign says it's six for thirty six." A pause. Then, mildly, to no one in particular, "That sounds like quite the deal." He seems to feel he's responding, someow, in a socially appropriate way to some pre-designated cue.  See? /He/ agrees with us," pointing at Tom, she looks back at him but starts in again, a little slower. He dresses the part, fits the role of reasonable and trustworthy much better than Penny or Chase. Modifying her tone with a symapthetic pitch, she turns back to the cashier "Please? Just call the manager. He isn't coming. He'll just tell you to override the thing anyway, come on.  "It /is/ a deal, eh?" the cashier lifts the end of her phrase with that irritating thing half the world thinks Canadians do. But the beep-beeps start again. Progress. Penny's shoulders slump a little; it's over and we're moving on. She turns a little again and mouths 'thanks' to Tom, a guilty ha-ha lingering while the check-out continues.  "Fuck." Chase does like that word, though this time it's seasoned with relief. As the bottles are scanned, the thick punk begins to bag them himself. No more time for cashier bullshit, he even takes precious moments away from chewing on his cured meat. Though his teeth continue working long after his last bite. Bottles into bags, a wonderful trick when it works. Arms begin to gather the bounty, Chase goes about this work with the experience of an ex-check out man. Not possible. "I'll be outside, Cojack..." Boots walk him out towards the exit, having left just enough for Penny to carry without much hindrance.  Drifting closer as the line shortens by way of attrition, Tom lifts his chin in amusement, recognition. "Tremendous..." His eyes dance as they watch Chase dash... then glance on back to Penny, dim with recognition. "Lovely night for it, don't you think? Or are you just stocking up to replenish what was lost on All Saints?" Tom, of course, looks almost identical to that night by the docks.  The total comes to something like a hundred and change, and she pays it without balking. Just hands over some cash from her pocket, fiddling with change. There's a lot of coinage; too much for Penny to really bother with. She tosses it in the 'Help this Sick Dog' bottle - it's the same half-empty/half-full jug you see everwhere on this continent. Everyone knows it's really the tip-jar anyway; there are no sick dogs in the world - only photographers in the Pound before they put the really awful-looking strays down.  The gesture takes the cashier by surprise and the noise makes her jump a little. Penny starts to say something to Chase as he walks out "It's one-seven-four," knowing she won't be able to catch him. She has bottles to wrap and bag, the tags of conversation to keep dangling. She smiles broadly at you, turning newspaper into cushioning barriers, loading the winebottles into a box "Hey," still having herself a private chuckle about the fast one you just helped her pull "oh this? It's for a thing. Me and my friends," explaining "we're moving. It's.." tilting her head that way "Tom, isn't it."  "You and your friends like to celebrate, huh?" Tom finds himself at the head of the line, after what appears to be a reformed hobo in a poorly tailored suit buys a hip-flask of Night Train. Walking to the head of the line, Tom puts the booze down on the counter beside you with an abundance of caution. He got it all the way here, he'd hate to drop it now. Glancing towards you, Tom ventures, "You're the one in the Santana shirt... Penny, wasn't it?"  Penny nods a few times "On the jacket, yes." She tucks another bottle into the box and starts shifting glass around, moving plastic mix-bottles into the groupings. "We're ah," eyes shifted to the ceiling, to the right, back to you "yes. We're like that.Throw parties, do some really high-ener.." The flow of information  interrupted by the beep-beep "...energy stuff. It's" looking you over again "well it might not be your thing but y'never know," trailing off she finished packing up her stuff.  "Jacket," Tom corrects, aloud - as though it might be necessary to a certain mnemonic for placing faces with names, et cetera, et al. The cashier rings up his purchase, and Tom already has his wallet out. Indeed, he's already fishing up the company card out from a pocket. "It might not be my thing," he echos, smiling, "but you never know. You headed there now? I could maybe give you a ride, if you take the train."  "Oh it's not even a done deal yet w..I'm still at the hotel. Someone else is closing on the place.." she starts wrapping the bags around her fists, balancing the box between them "still in its infancy. You know. Budding thing. I'd appreciate the ride though .. I'm no good at maps and directions here. Just haven't gotten used to it yet."  "Sure, sure... where in the city are you?" Tom hands the corporate card over. Not terribly flashy looking, but certainly not exactly his, either. "I'm not very good at, uh... directions, either, really. Or driving, particularly, but I'm learning my way around Toronto, to and fro." The credit card takes care of the currency exchange - no need to fumble out loonies and all those other absurd little fake Canadian currency units. The cash for goods exchange as it was meant to be - automatic, unthinking, invisible. As it's bagged, he leans down to sign a credit slip with a pair of squirmy lines. Pockets the receipt. Slips the card in the wallet. And slips the wallet away.  Penny makes a face, bugs in her soup. "Some toursity-trappish sty," setting the box down to rest on the edge of the check-out stand. She applies the right amout of pressure and leverage, completely confident it won't fall. "They /call/ it a Holiday Inn but /I/ don't think it's anything like the ones back states-side" her opinion of Canadian-run businesses ever evident, maligning "No aye-ch eye would ever go up without at least a dinky little pool or a gym," not that Penny would use them - does she look the sort to use those amenities? "unless it was put up at an airport." She dwells on that into an expectant quiet. Then, "You?" making the exchange complete.  Hefting the loops of the plastic bag cautiously, Tom squints at it rather thoughtfully. Lifts the bag off of the surface of the counter, to make sure the double-bag can hold the wait. "I think I stayed there when I first came in. Do they have a really rotten grill-cheese? They burn the cheese a tiny bit when they leave it on the griddle?" He moves away from the check-out and nods to a fellow who momentarily passes by him.  "And their tomato soup has that annoying half-split parsley sticking out of it? And their soda machines only have that lame generic 'President's Choice' crap" a wry smile  "Yeah, that's the one, hey can you hang on to one of these for me?" Holding out the bag in her left hand. Her fingers have turned purple and white, circulation cut off at strange intervals. It isn't clear whether she wants you to take it so she can just shake life back into her hand or if she means for you to hold it while you both walk out the door to whereever "Hand cramp."  Sympathetic or eager to help or perhaps simply eager to make an impression, Tom grabs up the bag with his free hand. The two bags he is holding are relatively unbalanced in terms of weight, so he has a tendancy to list starboard. "Sure, sure," Tom demurrs, with a half-smile. "Absolutely the one, absolutely. You might have to fold up your knees a teensy bit," he notes, apropos of nothing, "It's only a hatchback."  That Tom isn't patently denying knowing Penny is a little shocking to the Canadian public; but that he's walking out with her? Punk and Conservative? Couldn't be anything stranger-looking in this town. "Thanks," flattening her hand out, flexing and bending fingers into their normal pink color toward the exit "I'm sure it'll be just fine" and when she says "..been in worse things than a hatchback," you can believe it's true.  Rather unimpressed by whatever scrutiny is given him, Tom walks right out with you. "It's a pretty rotten little Geo Metro," he grins, "Built right around the turn of the century." Slow footsteps on dry pavement, and he's aimed for the white Geo Metro along the curb. He walks up alongside the back of the car - putting the bag on the ground, fetching his key, working the trunk open.  "Wow, that's a real 'tique" investing a subtle and ironic tone to the conversation "I can't remember the last time I saw one of these.. grade school, maybe?" Her low whistle is quicky and smarmy but of course well-timed so as not to offend or put-off. She tramps along the side of the car, poises her bags and box for loading "Where'd you find a thing like this up here?"  "Used car lot. It's a weird design... it only has three pistons, so it doesn't use very much gasoline. I figure that's a plus. And it came cheap, so I bit for it." He lifts the bag into the trunk, which is unusually tidy. A roadside assistance kit, a box full of books, a crowbar to the side, a spare tire probably lurking, regularly checked, beneath the little trunk-rug. Reaching out, he makes to assist with the loading of booze into the back of the truck.  "Three pistons, yeah," hefting the box into your hands, shimmeying it to fit just so "but no get up and move, y'know? It's kind of a fa" Glancing to your hands, briefly "family car. Sensible, safe. Economical," these things she says with the kind of animosity only a real driving enthusiast could harbor for those kinds of qualities "but where's the /fun/." Penny grins, all teeth, mostly to herself eyeing the box of books casually, packing the trunk with the rest of her purchases.  "Sort of, yeah, sort of," Tom demurrs, with a reluctant little sigh. "I mean, yeah. But it's a light little car, and man, it really -takes off-, sometimes. It doesn't need that much go. /I/ don't need that much go." Tom laughs, bolstered now: "I don't really think I'm a good enough rider to handle a lot of go. This is about as much go as I'm comfortable with." He makes sure the 'supplies' are secure, then slams the trunk closed.  "You could be. You never know," dusting her hands off on the front of her pants, observing the lines of the car. Something. Maybe the color, the paint, some unseen focal point. " Are we ready to go then?" Penny walks around to the passenger's side and waits for the dull sound. The familiar unlocking click all car doors make. "And you're almost sure of where we're going..."