         Pobble's head falls back until he's able to view Abel.  "Do you do?" he asks, folding his arms across his chest. His right hand fingers crawl across his left hand to the wrist and rub there, flaking off what looks to be dried blood.  "You should try. As a meeting ritual for our Cabal. Meet and greet.. I made it just for you.."  Abel shakes his head to Pob. "'Fraid not, but, like, thanks for the offer. I gave all that up when I first left 'Frisco." It doesn't look like he has fond memories of that part of his life.  This new abundance of objects appears to confuse Daisy. Surrounded in a landslide of smoking matterials, she makes feeble grabs out toward the joint. Finally, she catches hold of it, takes a single, long drag and passes it over toward Pobble.  "No shit, you're from the Bay, too?", she asks, then echoes, to Hiro, "No shit. He's from the bay, too."  Pobble takes the beast, managing to catch some falling burningness on his hand. Doesn't seem to bother him. He takes only a small draw, his eyes showing that perhaps he's already where he needs to be. Still, he makes another offer to Abel. "We left Frisco too. Brought it with tho." he scrunches up his nose again, sniffing before retracting the offer for long enough to have another small drag. "Sure?"  Hiro's eyes appear to be crossing. He stares up at the field of stars, blinking slowly, and slowly sinks backwards onto his elbows; exhaling in a long, narrow stream. "Zesty condiment, Pob my man," he congradulates the chemist, eyes rolling backwards to fix on a half-eclipsed approximation of Abel's eyes and forehead. "From the bay," he declares, extending a fist towards Abel; presumably to be thumped. "My -man-."  Abel nods to Pob and grins. "I'm sure." He thumps Hiro's proffered fist.  Very well. The blue meanie heads on back to Hiro.  Hiro's hand twists away, accepts the indigo zeppelin with an overdramatic flourish. "Muchos grassyass," he thanks Pobble, or -- perhaps -- merely states: the local choice of seating will result in a great deal of grassy asses. Another murderous drag, albeit slightly more casual, and he passes it off to Daisy again. "Whatchoo on, anyway?" he asks the punk girl, smoke curling out around the words.  "Blue. Thing," Daisy says. Obviously, she's on some kind of coherent speech inhibitors.  Pobble grins up at the sky. "Toldyaso." he says. Something seems to occur to him at that moment and he rolls over onto his belly to stare at Abel. "Where the hell did this Realm come from by the way?"  "S'huge," Daisy comments. "Hope the Nodes aren't here in Toronto."   Abel shrugs and talks with Pob, though he seems just a bit confused and amused by Hiro and Daisy. "Don't know. I think maybe one of the nodes are in Toronto, though."  Hiro's eyes roll about in their sockets of their own volition. He waves a hand meaninglessly. "Been thinking," he comments - uh oh; here it comes. His finger points, apparently to his surprise, at Abel. "You know anything about gnosticism, m'man?" Lovely. Completely lovely.  Pobble sighs semi-inaudiably and relaxes back onto his back. His eyes close and he zones out, concentrating only on the voices of those around him so that they are all that's real.  "Fuckin' Gnosticism," Daisy agrees, bobbing her head in time with Hiro's inquiry.  Abel shrugs a little to Hiro. "A little. Learning with the Chorus you pick up a bit on things like that." He grins. "What's the question?"  Hiro snaps his fingers in Daisy's direction, a nonverbal indication of her bogarting the furry blue wyrm. "Ah, yeah," he continues, gaze rotating to fix on Abel again. "So, the gnostic premise, right, is that the god that lords over us here, he's this like blind idiot type, right, like Cthulhu-style blind idiot god. Right. So. I was readin' the bible, 'cuz I blew the transformer outside our hotel and I was up, so - yeah. Dig: Genesis, right. All this shit about the earth and beasts'n, hell, Man takes a day just to cook up on his lonesome, for our great biochemist in the sky. But, like, no attention to the heavens. Totally glossed over. Firmament and all dat nonsense, you dig, but no mention of other worlds, other stars, et cetera et cetera." He's obviously rambling; it'll be a bit before he gets to his point.  The furry blue thing is rapidly shrinking throughout Hiro's speech, as though she's resolved not to exhale until he's finished talking. Lungs hardened to bricks of ash and scar by chainsmoking, she's able to take in a surprising amount of smoke before exhaling.  Abel is sitting with the Invisible College. "Well it's something like that," he answers Hiro.  Rhiamon wanders up the hill to the peak, from the cave beyond. Rhiamon has arrived.  Millia walks from the forest, carefully picking her way though it as she heads into the fields. She must be in a good mood as seh is humming softly to herself as she strolls along/  Rhiamon returns to the grasslands, and strolls along the established path, idling picking a stalk of grass, and swishing it through the night air.  Siomen steps out of the ruins with Geero in hand, he glances around slowly  "So: islike," Hiro is sprawled out on the grass, snapping frantically at Daisy for the relinquishment of his furry blue joint. Pobble is kicked back somewhere near his feet, eyes closed and zoning out. He's speaking to Abel; struggling to convey some complex concept. "Now, yeah, dig, I'm not an atheist or nothin', def. not gnostic, kinda a-gnostic, agnostic, you dig." A-gnostic. Counter to thought. What an amusing slip. "But, rez, maybe th' reason that gets glossed over in the bible is 'cuz this demiurge, this sub-god, the bloke who like mindlessly, needlessly tortures us, he only has dominion over the Earth. Right? You diggin' this? He glosses over the heavens, there's that whole lack o' data in the bible, 'cuz he doesn't recognize them. Because his vision is, wotsit, occluded. Pretty much every astronaut who's left Earth's talked 'bout this feeling'f immense peace, calm, they come back talking all this 'one world, one people' stuff, dig. Maybe they get in contact with the real deal up there, the over-god."  Rhiamon waves her grass stalk to Millia and Siomen, never forgetting Geero, as they come into her field of vision.  Abel considers Hiro for a moment. "Well, as a Monist, I believe in only One God... Men and women wrote the bible. And just because something may be missing from it doesn't mean it was never written or never there. There are gnostic books and all sorts of religious works out there that never made it into the bible. The Chorus looks at Gilgamesh as one of theirs and he deffinitely traveled to other worlds."  Millia seeing Abel and Rhiamon smiles and waves to them both. She stops just behind Abel listening in on the current topic of conversation.  Siomen nods to Rhiamon and smiles, he glances to the others and tilts his head, only catching part of the conversation at hand, sounds interesting.  Abel reaches a hand over his shoulder for Millia to take and smiles at her. "Hey Millia, The One's peace be with you." He nods to Siomen. "Hey Siomen, Geero, long time no see."  Hiro mulls this over wordlessly, eyes returning to the starry void overhead.   "Stephenson -- Neal Stephenson, you dig. He cloaked the entire concept in science fiction, but he believed that the old testament was guarded religiously, so to speak, kinda like, keepin' backups. Maintaining clean data. They tried't again at the end'f the bible, unnerstand: the whole 'pox upon thee' spiel to dis-dis-uh-courage, discourage people from altering the data. You think the information quarantine, the whole upkeep of the torah and the old testament broke down? That it's 'dirty' now, rez -- infected with opposing memes?"  Kid's totally out of it. It's doubtful he's noticed the new arrivals.  "On account of they're outside the range of the Sphere of the Archons. Dig: they call them the Lords of the Air. Satan. One of his titles is: 'Lord of the Upper Air'. Maybe it's vacuum," Daisy speculates. She's really reaching here; she waves the joint in the air, as though clearer thoughts could be summoned up from its vapour.   After a contemplative moment, she continues: "You plot all this shit out in gematria -- I don't do gematria, mostly, my man Hiro here does gematria -- and you come up with this: YHVH is balanced. In Y-H-V-H, Yod has a value of ten billion: the apotheotic ten. 10^10. Look that up on the charts, and you find it's a multiple of the firmament; the air itself. Hod has a value of the apotheotic eight. That's the same value as Earth. Which is why Y and H are together. Y-H. Heaven and Earth. V-H are his lesser domains: the fire and the waters, one of which he created the djinn out of, and the latter of which he moved upon. God moved upon the waters. No power over the waters, dig? On account of that he had to get them out of his way. Which is why when you're in a bathtub full of ice water or in space, the Archons can't see you."  Daisy is speaking at the same time as Hiro. It's difficult to pick out either's words.  "But all those are false elements. Which is why 'Elohim' -- six letters -- is the true name of God. Yod-heh-vau-heh is a decoy for idiots."  Siomen continues to listen to the conversation and frowns as he tries to puzzle out what the guy is going on about, he nods to Abel "it has been awhile"  Geero is totally fixated on the stalk and attempts to swat at it like a kitten.   Rhiamon grins, and weaves a figure of eight with the grass round Geero's paws, watching him swat at it. "Siomen ? I think his reflexes are improving.."  Siomen smiles "you've noticed, i have been trying to improve his gear systems little by little, but he is actully doing half the improving himself, like a child learning and tracking familiar patterns"  Millia takes Abel's hand smiling using it as a balance as she sits down with the group, "May the One's peace be with you as well. Interesting topic of discussion today."  Pobble looks pretty comatose.  Out of it for sure. Sleeping. A big throaty snore bursts from his lips and wakes him with a start. He sits up straight, having the grace to look embarrassed. He whistles to himself, very very quietly and shuffles back in the little group to make room for any potential sitting newcommers. "I agree wholeheartedly." he comments. A nod. A cigarette. Bosh.  Abel continues to consider Hiro and Daisy, and looking like he's enjoying the amount of thought going into the discussion. "Like, I'm afraid I don't know Gematria but I know some people who do in kind of an off hand way. And I've never read this stephenson guy. I don't know if the Bible and Torah were quarentined like you say, but if they were suposed to be, then with Translation, yeah it's been 'dirtied.' Part of the reason the translation to the vulgate from latin was because the information might be changed... not because, like, it was putting the info away from the priests and clergy to the masses.  Rhiamon beams at Geero, and rubs his head affectionately, adding absently, "And it wasn't written in Latin to start with. That was a couple of translations down the line..."  Abel shakes his head. "I don't think that was the main reason, Siomen. Orthodoxy is tricky stuff. Maybe some thought that way, though."  Hiro's head twists, his eyes roll, and this all comes to a head in some kind of half-assed focusing upon Siomen. "Nrrrgh," he ammends eloquently, undergoing a convolution of limbs to carpe malus: seizing Pobble's cigarette from between his fingers, and taking a prolonged, soddening drag before carelessly handing it back. "You should dig on Gematria, Abel-man," he recommends. "Shit. Fuckin' -- shit, yeah, and Stephenson. Memes-as-demons, man. Crazy." And he collapses back into the grass.  "Its all like that movie." Pob interjects. "With the guy who sees the bleeding woman in mehico.. an the bloody woman on the bed, and in the tube train." He nods, making perfect sense to himself. A big drag on that cigarette. The short sleep seems to have regressed his consciousness stakes just a little bit.  Rhiamon looks at Pobble, "Stigmata ?"  A big drag on nothing, since Hiro steals the cigarette just as he goes to smoke. Pobble doesn't notice. He looks to Rhiamon, "Where? Oh. Right. Yeah. Maybe."  Siomen looks at Abel "well think about it, most religions were not even born until Christianity was converted to English, mostly because the common man had never the choice to follow anything else. When Christianity was Latin, the common man listened to this priest and went, ok, i don't understand what he is saying, what he must be saying is right since God is who he follows. They followed because they believed what they were listening too was the correct path, Even if to them it was gibberish. When they actully converted it to English or Latin became a more common language to the populace, religions were born because people finally had a choice.. no i don't want to follow christianity because now i understand that i don't agree with the views"  "Look, it's easy to prove," Daisy says to Abel, as though explaining simple math to a child. The joint wobbles between her fingers and nearly falls into the pile of cigarettes at her feet. She's nodding as though she agrees. After a moment, she begins in on the explanation:  "The nature of matter is reproduction and degeneration. The, uh, heresiarch" -- she seems uncertain about the pronunciation of that word "-- the heresiarch Valentinius wrote 'Mirrors and fatherhood are deplorable, on account of they unnecessarily reproduce the material world'. He meant that the reproduction of material things degrades its essence. So if the essence of the Bible is reproduced into many forms, its essence becomes degraded, even if the words don't change. Which is why, uh, mass production is, uh, destroying nature; the Platonic essence, the ur-object, is being, uh, spread into these /objects/, man, and --"  She stops.  "-- shit. Where was I?"  Rhiamon rolls her eyes slightly, "Christianity isn't exactly an old religion.."  "You were giving me that joint," prompts Hiro, having totally lost the thread of conversation.  Pobble takes the cigarette back from Hiro and promptly drops it with a coughing fit. He looks at Siomen. "Say what? Most religeons were not pre-english Christianity?" he sounds incredulous, and cockney. Similar to how street vendors in london sound when they ask you who else would have such incredible deals.  Siomen glances at Pobble "I took christianity as an example you can place the same ideals on other religions too, and expecually look at the ones where it is not known to general populations, like witchdoctors in tribes, the whole tribe follows what a witch doctor perscribes because they have no clue how he is getting his information and so assumes it the right path because they do not understand it"  Rhiamon looks at the people sprawled on the grass. "I take it you're Invisible College members..?" she enquires.  Pobble nods vigourously, streching his legs back out as he sucks the last of the cigarette. Reaching up at this opposite angle, he plucks the last of the blue meanie from Daisy's fingers and hands it off to the pawing Hiro. "Indeed we are." His smile widens, "How on earth did you guess?" it continues to widen, until threatening to split his face before realizing its overstepped its bounds and relaxing.  "Of course, this isn't all of us."  Hiro had given up on the endeavor; slumping back down into the grass. It's very likely that his eyes are, in fact, literally wobbling -- a kind of lazy decaying orbit wobble -- in their sockets; scrutinizing the joint suddenly delivered into his hands. Why didn't he just snatch it up himself? "Much obligated," he mutters at Pobble. Obliged? Settling into place, he begins the decimation of the beast.  Rhiamon says "Well, there's two new cabals in town, 's far as I can tell. One Eastern, one not. You don't look eastern to me..". She turns back in time to twith the stalk from Geero's hand, and grins as he beeps indignantly at her.  "Sorry matey, but I notice we're being rude. Didjoo want any of the blueness?" he makes a vague gesture to the side, the wrong side. Correcting himself he motions to the large blue beast that Hiro has in his possession.  Rhiamon shakes her head, "No thanks. I work in language. Don't like it smothered..  Pobble wrinkles his nose at that.  Pobble says something in a language you don't understand.   "Neurolinguistic," it's amazing Hiro gets that word off, "programming?" The question has a hopeful slant to it; he probably wants someone to rant at about 'deep structures'. Daisy thought those were subterranean houses. The blue meanie is nearly decimated, now, anyway; he passes it off to Pobble.  Rhiamon raises an eyebrow. "I noticed a deterioration in your pronunciation a while back."  Pobble it seems just wanted to show off his cognitive abilities. He looks pretty wasted, but then you saw him earlier. He seems both more and less wired now. He sucks on the corpse of the joint in silence.  Rhiamon raises an eyebrow. She says something in a language you don't understand.   "That was choice of essence. I should reiterate. Language is hardly smothered by the intake of *all* foreign essence. Look at musical genius and Shakespeare's psychoactive habit,”  sayeth Pobble.  Hiro looks between the two, entirely flabbergasted, and shrugs wordlessly. He collapses back into the grass, eyes rolling back in his head.  Rhiamon shrugs. "I'm not used to taking foreign substances. Well..except for mead."  Pobble says, "There's a lot to be said for it. A whole kaboodle. Its effects on the thought structures have a great impact on reality potential." A phone starts ringing from within one of Dr Steve's pockets. He reaches in and extracts it, the ring tone has a techno vibe to it and is sampled. One of those overly fancy and expensive phones. "Hallo?" he says into the device. "Oi oi monks." Nodding follows, with some muttering, and Pobble stands up. "Shit."  Pobble brushes himself down and tosses the last of the blue meanie to Hiro. "Pigboy, I need to go and pick up my Monkey. He's double parked in the box and has spotted encroaching police personages.