         Brief scene - we learn the Opposition has eyes in the mermaid as we always suspected. Left relabeled thing #1 there.  The rich aroma from Starbucks draws you in. Starbucks(#547RIJM)  Always with the morning hours and the coffee, Penny shoulders her way in past suits and skirts, a halo of truly toxic smoke wreaths - meant to keep others away. Does it's job, that and the the withering half-lidded, puffy-eyed squint clears her a path toward the back. Between little chairs and little tables meant for little conversation, Penny looms - some gigantic figured cut from a different picture and pasted in at odd angles. Her hand flattens on someone's stray tabloid and drags it off the table toward Alyx's sofa, crusts of sugar and drink-stirs falling behind her. "Shove over, hey?"  Obligingly moving over on the sofa, Alyx smiles up at her new companion. "Heyo," she greets cheerfully. "How's things, Delightful?" Her own drink is almost gone - decaf coffee, by the smell of it. If one can smell through the fumes, that is.  One can not tell. One is still sleep-walking. "Just penny," speaking in code, rubber soles squeaking on the tiles, she turns and shoves herself into the corner of the couch kicking aside stray chairs that "people never push in, no manners man, /that/'ll be the end of civilization. Feel like the dregs" making faces at some unexamined grime beneath her nails "Comps got confirmation for the group so now we're puttin'somethin'together. Daze put out the word, yeah?"  Then, "Funny how we haven't heard from anyone else."  "Group? Daze hasn't mentioned anything to me?" Alyx prompts. "What would the group do, exactly, Penny?" As she speaks, Alyx makes an odd gesture with one hand, finger lifted to her lips as she glances 'upwards'.  Dunce comes in off the street following the rich aroma of coffee. Dunce has arrived. Dunce walks in and joins the line before the counter.  Penny shrugs herself further into her jacket, looking at Alyx, her cigarette smoke ever lifting. She reaches out a hand to a table, out of place and nearer to the couch than normal and plucks an ashtray from it, looking upward. Smoke hiccups and coughs out through her nose, one brow raised archly. "From the man," whoever the man is "got word on the next gig. Daze didn't tell you? God.  F'y'can't invite your friends what good is it?" She reaches a hand inside her jacket, extracting a 3x5. Bright colors, shiney slicky "Pay's good and we're totally on it but I'ma play low, Kid'll play high, Piggy's on lights.. comin'together." "Sweet," Alyx murmurs, eyeing the painfully yellow flyer. "If you need a hand with anything, gimme a shout," she adds, stuffing the flyer into her bag. "I'm only a general dogsbody, mind, but still. Many hands make light work, and all that shit."  Dunce pays for a large cup of coffee, and starts sweeping the cafe with his eyes, looking for a good spot.  Penny lifts her ass off the couch without getting up, tugs something else out of her backpocket. "Solid, girl" Timepiece tapped at it "Hey, you got the time? Never reset this. . . " trailing off a little "I need to get back soon I think - it eight yet?"  Checking her own watch, Alyx notes, "Yeah. Five past. Better run, Penny." She seems amused at that, finishing her coffee and adding, "Or just take a leisurely stroll."  Lurching off the couch, Penny winds the watch foward, leaving the tabloid behind "Call you later, let you know when we're heading out," then she breaks into an inexplicable run. Must be late. Penny tugs something from her pocket, arcs it into a trashcan and bangs out the door.