         Meeting, part 2 -- after Compton left.  Pretty uneventful.  Compton steps back out to the main hall. Compton has left. Hana has, by this time, sat down on the floor. She seems to be leaning against the wall, asleep, unless one is observant enough to catch the slight crack of her eyelids, through which she could be watching. Keene steps forward to allow Compton to walk past him, not even looking at him when he leaves. His attention moves to Siomen; he smiles thinly at him, but then moves his attention back to Jonah. "I realize this, Magister. I believe in you, as I am sure all the other magi in this city do. But it takes time for my colleagues to learn to trust others. They have difficulty dealing with the rest of the Traditions at times because of their methods. Thus, I have found myself in the role of leader because of my ability to negotiate and explain their actions to others." Rhiamon's hand stays up. Alexandre whispers to Rhiamon, "... difference." Rhiamon whispers to Alexandre, "... their..." Paksenarrion enters what's left of the Council Chambers by way of the ruined doorway. Paksenarrion has arrived. Paksenarrion makes her way in from the main chamber, a long slender bundle wrapped in black cloth is slung over a shoulder. Alexandre shakes his head at Rhiamon's reply, looking like he doesn't believe her. Jonah continues to listen, then nods. "Very well." He looks to Rhiamon. "Miss Jones?" Keene, when his turn has passed again, returns to being seate. Rhiamon lets her hand drop, not showing the ring this time. "I am glad to see Aaron Michaels here, but perhaps his position could be elucidated ? There seem to be some things going on that I have no knowledge of..." Abel looks over at Rhiamon, then over to Aaron. A crooked grin comes to Alex's face at the mention of Aaron's presence and he shakes his head slightly. Jonah nods, "His position is currently under review. I shall announce more information when it is decided and appropriate." He looks about to the others, "Now, for those who aren't part of a Cabal, please raise your hands." James raises his hand. Abel takes a quick look over to Chase to see his reaction. Rhiamon shrugs, and settles down. She'll ask Aaron later. Jonah guestures to James, "Yes.. Mr... Anderson?" Alyx lifts a gloved hand, the other resting on the table in front of her. Abel turns his look over to James. He fingers his Sun symbol unconsciously. Rhiamon whispers to Alexandre, "... fulfils... about the..." James says, "You said earlier that thos of us who aren't part of a caball would still be allowed access to the realm and the chantry if we expressed interest in being affiliated with this organization. I am James anderson, and I would like to do so." Keene returns to writing on his legal pad, taking notes on the proceedings. Alexandre smiles briefly at Rhiamon, nodding slightly. Hana doesn't raise her hand, but she seems alert again. Jonah looks back over his shoulder, at Rhiamon and Alexandre. He gives her a half-smirk and says, "Thank you, Miss Jones, Mr. Taylor. I try very hard." With that said, he looks back to James. "Yes, I did indeed say that. I will take note of you. What Tradition are you, Mr. Anderson?" Aaron raises his hand as well and smirks. James replies simply, "Verbena" Jonah notes that, then continues. "Very well. Thank you." He looks to Alyx. "Miss Davian, I will record your name and Tradition. Do you have anything you wish to say?" Alex looks over to Aaron when he raises his hand, but then turns his head to look over at Hana, without waiting to see what it is that Aaron is going to say. "I would prefer to remain affiliated with the Chantry," Alyx murmurs. "Though at the present time, I do not know the goals and unifying purposes of the Cabals here, so joining one will be difficult." Abel looks over to Alyx, trying to catch her eye, and mouths silently to her 'Talk to me later.' He smiles. Jonah nods to Alyx. He writes some notes, then looks over to Aaron. "Yes, Mr. Michaels?" Abel turns in his chair so he can see Aaron. Alexandre looks over towards Aaron as he speaks. The same curiosity that provoked Rhiamon's question is evidently on his face as well. Jesyca looks over towards Abel and then Aaron and back towards her cloak and continues fidgeting with it. Abel looks down at Jes curiously Aaron rises softly, 'I was once considered a member of the Virtual Adepts...while I came back willingly to this venue...as my choices are limited to a single cabal I have no interest in...I will decline joining a cabal...". Plain and simple speech from one usually so volatile at these meetings. He flairs his longcoat and settles back down. Abel whispers to Jesyca. Paksenarrion slides into a sitting position on the floor with her back to the wall, looking about the room and quietly listening to the meeting. Jesyca's green eyes blink a few times and she freezes for a moment. She turns her head up towards Abel and offers a bit of a smile, shaking her head lightly. Alexandre whispers to Rhiamon. Rhiamon whispers to Alexandre, "... I'd..." Alex's head turns slightly, a sideways glance at Aaron, and then further to look at Chase. A curious eyebrow is raised, as he wonders how Chase will respond to this. Abel also turns to see Chase's reaction to this statement. Chase has been silent till now. "Micheals, this is not the forum for that discussion. Unless you'd like me to inform the entire room of your misdeeds?" Alexandre whispers to Rhiamon, "... trust..." Alyx lifts her hand once more, remaining silent. Rhiamon whispers to Alexandre. Paksenarrion raises her hands as well, quietly waiting her turn. Jonah watches Aaron for a moment, "As Mr. Kettle has stated, this is not the forum for that particular discussion. We will discuss that after this meeting is over." He looks to Alyx. "Go ahead, Miss Davian." Aaron looks to Chase, 'Only if you're willing to share your screwups as well, Kettle...I'll be happy to tell them the ones I know...and submit to the lie detection you won't..". He again leans back and puts his feet up. Chase remains silent as Jonah backs his words. He smiles slightly, and like the slow rise of a bean-stock, his middle finger extends towards Aaron. "Once this meeting is ajourned, Guru, I would ask that if there are any of questionable loyalty within our midst, that their activities be made known to all. There is little that brings a Chantry to it's knees faster than strife on the inside." Here, Alyx nods to both Aaron and Chase. "We all have our stories to tell, gentlemen." Alex rocks his chair back on it's rear legs as he kicks his feet up to rest crossed on the back of the chair in front of him. Time to get comfy for the first match of the evening. Jesyca's cheeks flush Crimson at Chase's display and glue back down upon her cloak once more. Keene has no particular reaction to Chase's `outburst', if a hand gesture can be considered one. Instead, he continues taking notes. Alexandre whispers to Rhiamon. Rhiamon shrugs to Alexandre. Rhiamon whispers to Alexandre, "so..." Jonah merely nods to Alyx, "I will consider this, Miss Davian. For now, I want to finish this meeting." He looks to Paksenarrion. "You are... Miss.. Johnathan? No, perhaps you would be so kind as to introduce yourself." Abel listens to and watches aaron and chase and just shakes his head with a sigh. Alexandre lets out a sudden, dark chuckle at Rhiamon's last statement. Siomen sits quietly and listens, he glances over at Geero and tilts his head as he spots the new chain. Paksenarrion coughs and stands up, pushing a small braid out of her face, "I am Paksenarrion Johanson.. Of the Celestial Chorus.." She gives Jonah a deep nod, almost a bow, "I wished to add my name to the list of affiliation of the chantry please. Of the cabals currently represented, one I would not feel truly part of.. The others.." She glances towards Aaron and Chase, then around a little, "I will not serve.. I would however be happy to lend my skills to the chantry itself and aide others as the need arises." Abel blinks at Paksens words, looking at her inquizzitively. James looks thoughtfull. Jonah nods. "Very well. Duely noted." He takes a moment to glance around one last time. "I do believe that we have recorded everyone," his eyes stop on Hana, "save you, Miss Kawakami. Do you wish to be affiliated with us?" "I don't know," Hana says, slowly unfolding her limbs, legs and arms, as she rises. "I don't really know what that means." Alex raises a hand, speaking before aknowledged. "Kaze, Kasui and myself will work with Hana so that she can determine if and where she fits with the Chantry," he offers. Hana twists a little, to look towards Alex studiously, followed by a brief glance at Kaze. She doesn't say anything else for the moment. Jonah nods, then offers a brief smile. "Very well. I shall allow you time to learn what it means and then consider the offer." He takes a few more notes, collects his papers, and begins putting them away. "I will compile this list and complete it. Everyone shall soon receive a letter which shall acknowledge your request. As of now, however, this meeting is officially adjourned. We will have another meeting ten days hence (One RL Week). The agenda of that meeting will be on the board. You are all dismissed." He begins packing his things. Jonah adds, quietly, "Oh, Mr. Kettle, Mr. Hess, Mr. Michaels, Mr. Shinketsu, Mr. Elison, please stay after the meeting." Rhiamon stands, and moves towards Aaron, then halts as Jonah speaks.. Aaron doesn't move from his spot in the Gallery, though he smiles, 'Detention again...too many spitballs.." Alyx rises slowly from the Seat of Entropy, brushing her shirt down and tugging her coat into place before beginning to cross the room towards Abel. Rhiamon moves over, she can talk to him first. Abel nods to Jonah and remains seated, then turns to Jes. Jesyca bites on her bottom lip a bit and looks up towards Abel. Abel squeezes Jes's hand and smiles at her. "I'll see ya later?" Siomen yawns and stands, he moves over to Rhiamon and smiles as he pats Geero on the head. He looks at Rhiamon "Hope he was not too much trouble?" Hana watches a moment longer, then slips out the door. Rhiamon whispers to Aaron, "Want to... what's..." Hana steps back out to the main hall. Hana has left. Alex remains in his seat, leaning back on the rear legs, with his heels on the back of the chair in front of him. Chase now stands, chewing on the same piece of gum with same fervor he has been along. And despite the fact his stained teeth must've long since driven out every morsel of sugar, he's still enjoying it. His stance is mainly to stretch, as it's apparent he's not heading towards the door. Shoulders flex, producing a crack, as his thich arms wave in circles. Rhiamon looks back and smiles at Siomen, "He's never any trouble.." Aaron whispers to Rhiamon, "... or..." Jesyca gives a bow of her head towards him and smiles, "Of course." She then lifts up from the ground, and keeps her cloak closed about her body. Alyx approaches Abel, stepping into place beside him, though not saying anything. Arms cross over her chest, the woman simply waiting for something. Aaron replies to Rhiamon as he gets up to move to where the table is Keene makes a few more notes on his legal pad, then puts his pen away in his breast pocket. He picks up his notepad, slides it into his coat, and rises, heading out with everyone else. Rhiamon ouches, but quickly hugs Aaron. "Luck" Abel turns to Alyx and smiles. "Can we talk later? I think The Beacon in the Dark may offer you a place with us, but I need to talk with the others. I know I'd like to see you Join. We have similar goals I think." Alexandre remains seated where he is, thinking. Considering. He slides his seat away from the table, though. Aaron smiles and hugs Rhiamon back and replies, 'SKill.." "You have my cellphone number, brother," Alyx murmurs quietly to Abel. "Call me when you have finished here, and we can talk then." Rhiamon laughs. Siomen smiles as he moves to take back Geero "Whats this?" he inspects the necklace "You going to keep care of that Geero?" Rhiamon turns to Siomen, "He better " but smiles. "I thought he deserved an ornament.." Abel nods to Alyx. Alyx heads for the exit, filtering out silently. James gets up and makes his way out. Alyx steps back out to the main hall. Alyx has left. James steps back out to the main hall. James has left. Paksenarrion stretches a little and shoulders her burden, looking about once more before deciding which way to go.. Kaze sits quietly, unmoving in the Seat of Mind waiting for the post meeting discussion to begin. Aaron walks over to the table and uses the unoccupied seat of time to get up and walk on the table, settling himself cross-legged in the middle of it You step back out to the main hall.