           Keene enters the apartment.  Compton is working on some brew in the bathroom and just like he said, Penny's zoned out, tucked into one of the beds. Within her arm's reach are a number of things; a notepade, the tv remote and a glass full of something brown and disgusting. She doesn't stir but mumbles into the drool on her pillow.  Keene slides the card into the door, steps into the room, and closes the door behind him. He sets the various locks accordingly. Then, slowly, he moves to his desk, putting down his legal pad and pen by his laptop, then moves back to the door to hang up his coat in the `to be laundered' queue. Coat off, things sorted out, he takes off his shoes, puts them in the annex next to the bathroom door, and moves to the desk, opening up his laptop. He proceeds to transcribe all of his notes into his computer in Enochian. It's going to take him a while to become civil enough to not start using Ars Mentis as a blunt instrument against Compton.  ..and the small plastic garbage pail from bathroom. Penny's hand flops around for it's edge, picks it up some and lifts her head. An awful, heavy rattle passes for breath from her too slow to be normal. The blankets are kicked off suddenly, no longer trapped in the tangle, she sits upright and retches into the pastic-liner, coughing out in breaks of three. Senseless babble errupts from some deeper region, Penny's voice hoarse.  Keene keeps working. Out of a sense of courtesy, he avoids looking over at the retching going on behind him. That, and he wants to be sure he transcribes every detail before he decides to scream at Compton for most of the evening.  Penny gets out of bed and shuffles to the bathroom, shouldering-open the door. The smell of bleach, ammonia and salt-water escapes into the room. Compton's probably doing his best to keep himself underwraps, the tinkle of glass and metal kept to a minimum. Underneath it all; the low rumble of the shower turned to full-blast. Mostly there's no conversation happening. About twenty minutes later she's out again in that cheap-looking chinese robe. Penny's barely got her shit together, wobbling back to bed, but at least she's clean. "Ke," a dry hello.  "DTs?" asks Keene, finishing up typing his notes. He saves his work, then closes his notebook and slides his memo pad underneath it. "SARS going around again or something?"  You say, "I wish," tying up the loose ends of the garbage bag "fucken DTs pass, y'know?" A stomach rumble suggests there's nothing left, air roiling. "Some," interrupting her own flow, gulping down the disgusting brown stuff "something happened last night."  Keene turns on his chair to look towards Penny as she goes back to the couch, looking at her intently. "Something happened?" he asks. "What happened?" She only pauses a minute to burp, then regaining better control of her voice "I saw Their machine land at the vacant lot. I was off my ass on that crap from Pobble just wandering. I heard it first." All the talking stops then, closing her eyes to get steady. She belches again and the dry heaves start.  Keene grouses. He's never been able to mask the queasiness he gets around people being violently sick very well. Even Keene has his weak spots. He idly rests his hand on his stomach. "You mean the Technocracy landed something somewhere?" he asks. "This must have been some sort of Umbra thing -- that's why I didn't hear anything about it."  "Breathe, Penny" comes the voice of wisdom from the bathroom.  Penny opens her mouth and does that deep-breathing thing that hyperventilating people do. She makes a kind of groaning noise, whining "The hell did you give me..." Planting her feet on the carpet, she leans elbows to knees and poises herself over the garbage bin. Just in case. "Yeah. /Yeah/. Bugged the shit out of me. Thought it was some side-effect'a the dose but this buzzing just got louder and louder. So I followed it and saw it land and then," voice cracking, like she might cry "there was this horrible sound. They were scre-eh-ehming for help."   "They said it has to be destroyed."  Keene grits his teeth. This is the kind of situation Keene knows would happen, sooner or later; a threat would arise that the Invisible College would know about but the rest of the community would not, and action would have to be taken before terrible consequences could come about. If they hadn't already. But how do you fight a Technocratic eating machine?  "What is it doing, Penny?" he asks, trying to keep his voice even and soothing despite the sinking feeling in his gut.  Penny ah-ahs, fighting off the urge to vomit again. She swallows and grinds a fist into her side, leaning to it; a distraction from the nausea. "It's swallowing anything that gets near it. It," spitting bile into the plastic bag, chewing the insides of her cheeks "I saw it. It's acting like a black hole, Keene. Everything, everything, everything.. and I saw them, and that woman. She walked in like she couldn't feel it.. "  "Which woman?" asks Keene. "Who was it, Penny?"  You say, "Shahai. The one that set up that public meeting in the arena. I know it," hiccuping "I know it was her."  "Cixi," mutters Keene. "I knew it. Typical egomaniacal Technocrat ... I bet she doesn't even know what kind of ecological havoc this kind of thing will wreak. Or if she does ..." He looks down, gripping the back of his chair. "If she does, we're in a lot more trouble than I thought we were in. And none of the so-called magi around here have a clue."  Penny buckles again and heaves into the bag. "And," reaching for the tissue box, she blows her nose "the spirits can't help. Can barely get them to talk to me." Clearing her sinuses again Penny leans back, taking longer pauses "Felt like a migration in reverse, like a great going-against. They're dying. She killing them - what's it supposed to do?"  Keene gets up, pacing around in his usual oval-shaped path. He runs his hands over his scalp, trying to keep focused. "Kill them," he says. "There's no other reason for that machine to act like it does. It's a Gilgul machine. It's a mechanical door to Oblivion." He fishes his flask out of his coat and takes a hard pull from it, following it up with a handful of something from his right slacks pocket. "Christ almighty. Why don't they just open a controlled portal to Malfeas and get it over with?"  "Funny," coughing out a bitter laugh "she left that part out of the press release." Penny, always finding the humor. "Does it have an off button? or do we have to send it through it's own portal to get rid of it.." either option none too appealing, she cringes. Pulls on a sweatshirt over her robe, still shuddering. "I need a cigarette," she say but really means I want to leave this fucking city.  "Can do," says Keene. He walks over to Penny and gives him one of his cigarettes, even going as far as to light her with his black Masonic-logo Zippo. "I have no mad Flambeau skills to blow shit up. We can't ask the loa to help us because they don't want to go anywhere near it. I don't see us having a lot of options internally."  Penny puffs, the cigarette bobbing around as she talks "Do we have a time limit? I mean like.. before it fucks shit up permanently? ..not just me with the getting sick and all.." Each draw turns her a different shade of green; some side-effect of Doctor Compton's Spiritual Hangover Cure-all. "I mean you're right.. outside of some stupid bait and switch tricks I can't do shit, god I don't think I could get anywhere near there again without getting ill. We need to pow-wow."  Keene walks back to the desk and sits down, putting his hands on his knees. "We do," he says. "I don't know if it's even too late or not, but we have to do something."  Penny moves like she might put her head back down on the pillow. Her hands slide around, searching for something in the wrinkled mass of cotton and fleece. She pulls out a pair of cargos and a t-shirt "So should I get dressed or what? You think we can do anything tonight?"  "Probably not," says Keene. "The jackasses had their meeting today. They've all left by now to go sodomize each other or whatever those other filthy hippies do because they don't study worth a damn." He takes out his flask again and takes a long hit.  Penny tosses the clothes into the heap at the end of the bed. "Shit" is all she says. Burning off another lifetime of smoke, she waves it in zag before crawling back under the sheets and blankets making like to go back to sleep. Tipping the cigarette into the remains of the brown gunk in the glass, it flares out and sends up a single wisp. Tossing around, punching the endlessly flat pillows Penny thrashes. "Fuck."  Keene sits in silence. He internalizes his frustration; he's good at it.  Penny's fit peaks when she kicks the covers off again. Flat on her back, she stares at the ceiling and talks to the paint "We could do *something*. I've been here all day, all night sick to my stomach and doing *nothing*. Anything. Anything besides this," pushing her head into the pillows, punctuating "This is so not us."  "I would rather act like people who are alive than people who the Technocracy have shot dead," says Keene. "If we run into this thing without some sort of plan of action, we'll be torn apart. As it is, we don't have many friends in the local Tradition community, so we'd have very few places to run if it went south. You can't be a martyr if nobody misses you."   "I hate you."  Penny probably means that very sincerely given the moment but probably doesn't mean it in the truest sense of the phrase. There's a certain malaise in the delivery; the ghost of exhaustion beating futile drums in her syllables.  Keene opens back up his notebook, activating Word. He starts to work on processing a document. "Go to sleep, Penny," is his advice.  You say, "I need pills to sleep. Give me pills."  Keene reaches into his coat, produces a orange cylinder from Rite Aid, and lobs it overhand at Penny's bed. "Valium. A little dab'll do you."  Penny waits for the prescription bottle to fall on the bed somewhere, her energy-level sinking. She rattles out a few pills, swallows them dry. "Thissen," reaches over to the nightstand, places the bottle there and tosses back the rest of the water "I had an idea. Me'n Daze. We can do something. Call'r." Concious deep-breathing going on now, she pulls the covers back on and stretches out.