         Nothing to see here, move along...  Downtown - Parliament and Wellesley E(#179RJ)       Sitting on the edge of Cabbagetown, the homes here are nearly as old as those just south of here. However, the residents themselves are a little poorer. The old townhouses crunch together along the street, their dark-brown paint jobs chipping away to reveal the weakening wooden panels beneath. One-way streets become the norm here as well, creating no end of traffic problems. Residents park on the roadside since the homes here rarely have driveways. Small variety stores, grocery stores, hair-care salons and restaurants are all common here, all within easy walking distance of the residents of this area. With clean sidewalks, freshly paved roads and the newly added plants to create a comfortable air.  Contents: Laurie Obvious exits: Corso's Books   The Dubliner Pub  West   North  South   Laurie comes out of a corner market, holding a bag of groceries in each hand.  ...and Penny's walking up the block, piece of flimsy yellow paper in her hand. It's the kind of paper that rustles in a weak wind. Black or red print in numerous lines - phonebook paper. It's slow going for her, switched to decaf, half-lidded. She shields herself from the rain, the incessant and badgering rain, inside a few doorways always looking from paper to storefronts. Paper address. Physical address. Paper.    Laurie says "It's raining? O.o D'oh."  Laurie heads down the sidewalk, grumbling at the weather. She steps aside for teh woman with the coffee. Mmmm... coffee. Note to self. Get coffee.  Laurie read your description.  The paper is getting wet, no way around it; the weather's way too foul to keep anything dry. Penny realizes this and makes-do, flattens the paper to the nearest wall and squints at it. Looks up over her shoulder at the numbers on the door, rain washing over her face from the ill-tempered awning; it shakes and bucks, shimmies and rattles its grommets - a flagpole sound. The paper leaves her grip, pulled with wet and brutal efficiency by the wind. Suddenly empty-handed, Penny falters. Which way does she go now?  Laurie approaches Penny, looking around confused. "You okay?" she asks, adjusting her grip on the plastic bags.  "I was looking for a salon. Ladynails," she explains carefully in drawn out words, the last syllable lifted upwards in questioning "that around here? I had an early appointment." Penny positions herself back into the doorway of a closed shop, serves as a kind of umbrella.  Laurie says, "Oh, yeah. It's just on the next block... Go down to the stoplight, here, and turn left..." Laurie gestures with one hand, towards the other end of the street.  "Kay thanks," Penny moves on faster than other people. She's got somewhere to be; a path, a plan, a course of action.