         Thursday Feb 6th. Hooray.   Pobble picks up his cellular phone and begins to dial.   The phone is picked up at the far end. Keene says "Hotline."   (Directed into the phone) Pobble says "Wotcha cock mate?"   Keene says "Ehh. Not a lot. Just tooling around, taking in the sights."   (Directed into the phone) Pobble says "Where you at mucker?"   Keene says "I'm at this tropical conservatory. The one in the note I left. It's a nice enough place, if you don't mind the humidity."   (Directed into the phone) Pobble says "I just rolled in to be honest guv, and I'm facking lost as all shit. Its like a bloody maze around here."   Keene says "OK. I'll see if I can't talk you over to here. What are you by now?" From afar, Jet would be happy to help you out icly   (Directed into the phone) Pobble pauses. Looking around maybe. "Jarvis.. and College?"   Keene says "You're pretty close by. Let me see if I can't find you outside."   Keene steps out of Allan Park.   Keene has arrived.   (Directed into the phone) Pobble says "Gotcha mate."   Pobble clicks his cellular to disconnect the call and hangs up.   Keene walks out of Allan Gardens, phone to his ear. He looks around intently, trying to find his lost comrade as he takes his phone from his ear and puts it back in his pocket in a smooth movement.   Keene clicks his cellular to disconnect the call and hangs up.   There is a click as the phone at the far end is hung up.   Keene is looking at you.   "Evening, Pob," says Keene. "Lucky that you happened to be in the neighborhood. I haven't gone too far from here in the past day or two. There's really quite a lot to see." He starts walking back towards Allan Gardens. "How was your trip?"    Pobble snuffles quite considerably as he comes to stand next to you, wiping away a telltale dusting and dribbling from his left nostril. Most attractive. Those pupils are dilated good, perhaps the result of a new batch. He talks quickly, and his head is in constant motion, looking about, desparately trying to take in all the surroundings.    "Fucked mate, really really fucked. Don't ask. Last time I buy a fucking Lexus. Peice of shit. Expensive peice of shit."   Millia steps out of Allan Park. Millia has arrived. Millia wanders out of the gardens, heading past you all quietly. Millia walks west along College to Church. Millia has left.   Keene, unlike Pobble's amphetamine augmentations, has a nice mixed booze and Valium flow to him; which is to say he /seems/ normal unless you start dealing with reflexes. Of course, he's so accustomed to operating like this that he hardly seems impaired. He walks nice and slow back towards the gardens, even as Millia zips right by him, to be sure that Pobble doesn't get out of arm's reach.   "What happened to it? Did it break down somewhere, get stolen, what?"   Millia arrives from the west. Millia has arrived. Millia walks under the archway and enter the gardens. Millia has left.   Pobble has a phone in his hand, and he seems to notice this and licks the back of it in a straight, quick line before depositing it in his labcoat. He takes a deep breath, then sniffs. Deep breath. Calm.. Well, Calmer. "So this is it eh?" he says absently, to himself mostly. "What mate?" Confusion. A moment passes, and he stops moving towards the building. "Oh. Right. Broke down. Kaput.. I gave them shit, told them I'd sue etcetteraa etcetteraaaa." He heads onwards, starting to come down from the brief coke fix. "I'm thinking a Hummer to be honest as the next gig. Get everything in then eh."   "Hell to park the thing," comments Keene, as he heads inside.   Keene walks under the archway and enter the gardens.   Keene has left.    You walk under the archway and enter the gardens.    Pobble nods. "Yeah. Fuckin right." Yes, he does seem to swear a lot. Maybe its just the drugs talking, I hear they can do that nowadays. Talk that is.   A set of double doors made of ornate metal and glass.    Keene walks along at a leisurely pace, moving in the general direction of the conservatory. "Too bad about the Lexus, all the same. Next time we'll have to get an Etherboy to look at your ride to be sure everything works for a few years." He fishes his flask out of one of the pockets of his jacket, offering it to Pobble. "You want a drink, man? You seem tense."   Pobble stops dead again, staring at the flask. Only a second passes before he catches himself, and he nods - smiling his appreciation. A big fat swig, while he fishes about in a pocket for something. He comes back with a tiny sky blue pill, rolling it between his fingers before dropping it with the second swig. "That should be better.." Screws the top back on, hands it over. "Can I interest you in anything Guv?    Keene allows for Pobble's usual appetite for liquor, smiling very faintly while Pobble equalizes himself with a few bolts of smooth Canadian whiskey. Keene sinks his money into two things: his suits and his liquor. He only drinks top shelf. It's no wonder that he doesn't have much else to his name. Still, it's not like he can't get anything he wants with a moderate application of his natural talents.   "I'm good for right now," he says, accepting the flask back graciously and returning it to the inside of his jacket, continuing the trip towards the conservatory. "I'm just starting to really feel the numbness spread. But thank you, as always."    Pobble grins wide, showing off those British teeth. They're not all that bad, slightly crooked but shiny white. Better than many specimens from across the sea. "Anytime." Now he's in the swing of things. Middle ground, a nice haze that'll last. The thing with Dr Steve is that he'll get slightly high just thinking about taking drugs. Once they're down the hatch, he'll start to think he's comming up within a minute or so.    The game face appears, same one as used when dealing with murderous drug dealers and crack whores. He's entering the Zone, trying not to embarrass you too much maybe. Trying to improve your sparkly image.     Keene appreciates Pobble's occasional attempts to not horrifically screw things up for Keene's image management plans. Were it only Pobble and Hiro, Keene would have a fairly easy time keeping them in line, but the more volitile members of the cabal require almost two Keenes to keep remotely civil.   All the same, Keene doesn't seem too concerned about anything at the moment. He gradually makes his way across a bridge and into the tropical conservatory, humming to himself tunelessly as he walks.    Keene enters the conservatory Keene has left.    The scents in the room bring on another sniffling fit as the pollen and cocaine mix in unpleasant ways within Pobble's nostrils. "Facking stinks in 'ere donnit?" he says, rather delightfully. A big ubersniff is followed by a hacked up wad being spat onto a nearby treetrunk. Looking around he recomposes himself, "Where to now?"    Keene cruises along at a leisurely speed, not watching Pobble as much now. The calming influence of whiskey helps Keene out of tough spots a lot more than reasoned arguments or applications of Ars Mentis. He moves along through the gardens, following a careful path that he memorized the first time he came to the realm.   "Alright," he says, "just follow behind me, and I think we'll be let in. We have to pass by some landmarks in a particular order, though I don't know which ones are important."    Pobble nods silently, falling into step right behind you in a slightly annoying way. Not purposefully annoying, just coinkydink. "Lead on Peachy."    The drugs numb the rage. Keene, instead of muttering, merely chuckles: he proceeds to follow the exact path he took with Hiro earlier to get into the realm, down to every last pause or hiccup in pace. Ultimately, he passes through the two columns that are actually germane to the lock sequence, reaches the back door, and opens it up -- crossing over into another dimension.    Keene slips between two colums in the Conservatory. A small door behind the pillars swings closed just thereafter.   Keene has left.    You slip between two columns and through the Gate. A Dark Cave    Now that was a bit on the weird side. Doctor Steve looks suitably disorientated as he spins about in the cave, slightly stupid looking grin crawling its way onto his lips. "Groovy.." he murmers..    It almost seems he'll leave it at that, but he can't seem to resist a loud 'Wooop', just to hear the echoes.     Keene steps into the cave with a squish, steadying himself on the wall as he emerges from the swirling blackness. He waits patiently for Pobble to follow, letting him orient himself and indulging his woop before starting onward again. As one would expect, he complains about `nature'.   "They really need to put a sump pump in here or something," he says, beginning the slow process of moving along the edge of the stream into the main part of the realm. "A sump pump, a boardwalk, maybe some torches ... I mean, how much could it cost to make some philgosten-powered torches? We're members of the Hermetic Order, for Christ's sake, can't we pop for some lights?"    You say, "I hear ya." He follows behind you, as carefully as one can be while mildly wasted.    "You know.. It occurs to me that maybe we could just put one of those things in here, all lit up like."   He stops for a second, clicking his fingers in an attempt to clarify his thinking. "One of those things like they have in Florida. Scooty scooty with the big fan?""   "A hovercraft, Pobble," says Keene, moving forward towards the opening of the cave. "Me, I think a boardwalk with a golf cart would be just as well. I think they like the peace and quiet."   He continues along, gradually getting back out into the open air. "Wait until you see this," he says.    Keene heads upstream, vanishing into the darkness beyond. Keene has left.   You travel along the streambed, against the current. Slowly, you ascend the slopes and crags of the cave, until eventually a pillar of light lances through the darkness. Cavern Entrance   Faint Light dips in through the massive opening at the rough, craggy end of the cave, casting a quiet bluish glow to everything within the cave entrance. The breeze which was only hinted at deeper within the cave can be heard whistling at this hole. The stream continues up and out of the cave, disappearing off into the rolling fields before you.    You walk out of the cave, your eyes adjusting to the bright sunlight. Entering the grasses of the field, you walk for a ways, until you have reached the highest peak. Rolling Fields    "Now that took forever." says a somewhat pissed off looking Pobble. The fields and hills and views don't seem to impress him all that much. A bus stop or indeed a newfangled style hovercraft probably would more so. He takes a deep breath, causing him to sniff and wipe at his nose.   "Remind me to bring the Box next time so I don't have to go back so quickly."    Connelly looks at the person talking,"What? Who would *WANT* to leave here?"   Abel wanders up the hill to the peak, from the cave beyond. Abel has arrived.    Keene leads Pobble out of the cave, looking a bit winded himself. When he and his companion get to the top of the hill, he stops, putting his hands on top of his thighs. Yeah, it's break time for the suit. Hermetics don't walk through musty old caves if they don't have to. He's definitely going to consider putting together an `improvements' fund so that the trek can be made a bit less strenuous. For the benefit of others, of course.   "Yeah, sorry about that," Keene says. "These guys build big. I mean, look at all this," as he gestures with his right hand. "There's got to be a frigging ton of Nodes under this group's control to maintain all this. I bet Tass comes out when they sneeze."   Keene's attention then moves to Connelly, blinking once. He must not have noticed him initially.    Abel walks out of the hole in the hill not too long after the others, carrying a lit candle to light his way.   Pobble snickers, taking something from his pocket and slipping it into his mouth. He chews for a few moments in silence, the look on his face illustrating that whatever it was, wasn't that plesant.   "I can only imagine.." he says, scanning the horizons. The response to his complaints draws his attention finally, as if he'd forgotten about it. He goes to say something, then stops. Then goes to speak again, and stops. Shaking his head, he gives up on the whole 'trying to speak' malarky.   Connelly sighs..."This is one of the most beautiful places around...reminds me a little bit of the land around the Ruins of Tara..."    Keene gets his wind back, straightening back up and smoothing his suit carefully after a moment or two. "I'm not too familiar with those," he says, "but you're right, this is a very pretty Realm. I'm just not accustomed to having access to a Realm quite this large, you see. The largest one I'd ever been in before this one was the size of a small, very cramped house."   He smiles graciously, moving over down the hill a little bit to greet Connelly. "I'm Steven Keene; that's my associate, Dr. Alder. We're part of the Invisible College." He puts out his hand to shake with a practiced cheerful expression. "And to whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with this evening?"    Abel sees a group congregating ahead and makes his way toward them. "The One's peace be with you," he calls, announcing his presence with word as well as the light of the candle.   Connelly nods,"Dr. Jane Connelly, ER Trauma specialist, and Verbena.   Abel is looking at you.   Connelly doesn't offer her hand, as she is sitting in the grass...and that would require her to stand up...considering she looks like she just woke up...    Pobble waggles his thin fingers, not seeming to be the hand shaking type. He moves to stand near Keene.    He has the audacity to sniff at Connelly. Really sniff, as if smelling something pungent. "I say. Would you happen to be Irish?" he asks, with just a hint of obnoxiousness. The call of the One's peace draws his gaze away and a wan smile is offered to the approaching kid.     Keene gets a feeling of imminent doom. Such a feeling is common whenever Pobble starts talking about what Keene has broadly categorized as `British Isles issues' in his presence. This is, unfortunately, one of the areas where his immense powers of persuasion simply find no purchase. Not that he hasn't *tried*...   Fortunately, Abel comes along, and provides a wonderful distraction. Casually retracting his hand for the moment, he orients himself towards the younger man with a congenial expression.   "Good evening!" he says. "And may the One's peace find its way to you as well. Steve Keene, Invisible College." He puts out his other hand to shake. Why? Because that's just what he does in social situations.    Jess wanders up the hill to the peak, from the cave beyond. Jess has arrived.   Dr Pob wrinkles his nose, slight distaste showing briefly. It doesn't last however, being replaced with a wry smirk as he twils about, labcoat and blue 'pigtails' flying out with the movement. There's a muttering with the motion, and those with acute hearing may catch what could be the word 'Fuckers'. Maybe not tho eh?   He flashes a more charming smile to the Abel fellow. "Awright mate." he says jovially enough. Any traces of the previous moment's incident have vanished. This incident vanishing has been accompanied by a further dilation of the pupils. Abel makes hs way to the trio and smiles as he looks at the unfamiliar faces. He accepts Steve's hand though. "Abel Elison, Beacon in the Ark Cabal and Singer of the Chorus."    Jess looks around curious and heads over towards Abel now   Connelly looks, and sees Jess coming.....and waves! She looks to Abel,"Well...as I said....Jane Conelly, Verbena, currently no Cabal, as I have not yet been officially recognized by the Circle....er...sorry...Chantry Head    "Ah, Mr. Elison, a pleasure to meet you," says Keene, who seems to be as happy as anything shaking hands with anybody who comes by while tossing his name and the name of his cabal out there. Indeed, Keene is in the process of shaking Abel's hand firmly, disengaging it just before the procedure becomes tiresome.   His attention then moves from Abel, to Pobble, and then towards another new face: Jess. "Good evening," he directs to her.    Jess smiles brightly to Keene "Hi." she replies as she steps a bit closer to Abel.   Abel nods politely to Connelly. "Ms. Connelly."He then turns to see who Keene is talking to and Grins when he sees Jess. "Hey Jess. Like, What's up?"    Noticing that his compadre is getting into the Social Swing, Pobble goes as far as to offer his hand to Abel for shaking. He's smiling a big fat happy smile. "Awright." he reiterates, hand stuck out there for shaking. The other hand makes a wave for Jess as he glances briefly over in her direction. "Oi oi." he adds.   Abel sees Pobble's extended hand and shakes it as well with a smile.   Jess slinks an arm around Abel for a hug before letting go with a smile to Pobble   Pobble beams at the hand shaking, hastily moving over to put his hand in the shaking queue for the newest arrival - Jess. His free hand slips into a pocket, comming back with a crumpled cigarette which he slips behind his ear, held in place by the material of the bandana. This handshaking isn't so bad. He seems quite keene on pressing the flesh with Jess and Abel.   Jess is looking at you.   Jess blinks and looks at Abel "Who is this?"   "Hi," says Keene to Jess just after she asks Abel for information, allowing Pobble to act as hand-shake proxy. "I'm Steve Keene, and this," indicating Pobble, "is Dr. Alder. We're with the Invisible College. It's nice to meet you, miss ...?"   Abel lets Keene introduce himself and his compatriot.   Jess hooks a thumb to herself and Abel "We are the Beacon in the Dark... my name is Jess." Pobble nods his assent. "You can also call me Pob. Or Dr Steve." He nods again before flashing another smile. The actions seem to happen in order, as if he currently can't do them simultaneously.    Keene smooths his tie against a small breeze. "Hello, Jess. It's very nice to meet you and your cabal." He looks to Pobble. "We're off to sight-see a bit. It was very nice to meet all of you."    Pobble looks to Keene, confusion forming films over his eyes. "You're leaving me for these people you hardly know? That's not a terribly nice way to welcome me to town mate, issit?" Abel nods. "Alright Pob." He turns to Keene. "Would you like someone to show you around the realm?"    "I was hoping you'd come with me," Keene says, with the patience of a parent with a dull-witted child. His attention returns to Abel. "Oh, I've been given the tour -- I'm just going to give Pob here the benefit of my experience."   Jess nods "Well good luck.. dont let the animals btie:   Abel grins. "Oh. Alright then. Well peace go with you, then, and Providence guide your steps."    Understanding dawns on Dr Steve's features and he nods, relaxing to a point close to comatose and moving over to Keene, ready to head onwards. "I need to pick Dave up too. I left him in the box." Another smile to all but Connelly. "Nice ta meetcha folks."    "Yes, very nice to meet you all. We'll be careful." With that, Keene begins the careful, deliberate process of leading Pobble along, heading towards the ruins. "Mind your step, Pob..."   Pobble beams once more, heading off into the melting fields with his guide.   Keene has left.