         Jane pages: Hello? I'm just answering this phone....  "WHO THE FUCK IS THIS?"  If you held the phone away from your ear, the shout could be heard by lots of other people. Provided there are lots of other people around.  Jane pages: "Ow? This is me. Who is _this_?"  "GIVE THE PHONE TO STEVE."  It's clear the woman on the other end of the line doesn't deal with 'Me.'  Jane pages: I'm sorry. I don't know anyone called 'Steve'. And would you mind lowering your voice? Giving me a headache is really just going to get me pissed.  "GIVE THE PHONE TO ITS OWNER."  It's also clear that the woman on the other end of the line doesn't give a shit about you.  Jane pages: Sure.... let me just shove it back in his pocket, okay?  From afar, Jane says, as though to someone with her. ""Wouldn't know. All she wants to do is yell at me like she's fuckin' nuts."  The phone makes noises. Like someone pressing buttons repeatedly but in a pattern. Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.  Jane pages: "Could do, but she's not talkin' to me." She pauses, "Jealous girlfriend?"  The button pressing continues. It's very repetative and very annoying.  Pobble pages: Yello? From afar, Pobble repeats louder, "Helloooo? "Steve."  It's Penny. She sounds *pissed.* Y'know - the subtle way all girls get. She nice. Toofuckingnice.  "Penny. God would like to express to you his extreme displeasure. He states that while he still loves you, he is currently very much not liking you."  Pobble adds almost as an afterthought. "I on the other hand, have forgiven you for being a copper and trying to kill me."  "God has a great ass. God can also eat me."  A pause.  "Who answered your phone? What if she'd pressed the star key? Don't give the stupid phone away. Hiro said. ... and that wasn't me. It was some guy. Where are you? I saw all the shit in the bathroom and got .." Penny would never say it outright but yeah, she worries.  "God currently has no ass, and is unable to do any eatings. I don't know who answered the phone. I diddn't want to move. I'm lying down on the grass. I realize you may be jealous, but since you're admitting to bringing a gentleman policeman home I don't feel so bad anymore. Something major has happened. Very very important."  There's a clinking sound. Background noises "Hang on," Penny moving through a crowd then it's quiet again.  "Okay. I can hear again and I didn't try to kill you. Let's just be clear on that. YOU overdid it again. And that fucking monkey was doing nothing to help you either."  Riled, she brings herself down a few pegs. "So what happened."  "The LSD contained a compound I'm developing, the copious quantities injested with a straw managed to form a cellular divinity matrix within me noggin. While you were trying to kill me, I must've started to mutter something close to a prayer. Either way. God has entered me. Quite literally. He's trapped in my head. For reals."  There's a very long silence.  "You know there's no such thing. ..which god is it?"  and  "You're so fulla shit."  and  "I wasn't trying to kill you. You Were Hemmoraging."  Pobble sounds entirely serious. "Yahwe. Jehova. Le lord ala hosts. He's rather miffed to say the least. He blames you. I blamed you too, but like I said. Your forgiven. You'd expect him to forgive too but he's a cunt really. I think he's regressed to his OT days. I've seen behind the facade. I'm not bugfucked, it's truth. Scouts honour."  "Pobs," and suddenly it's Intervention Time Penny, complete with this-side-of-warning creeping into her voice "I want you to listen to me. Very Fucking Carefully. Whatever you dropped last night might've left you cracked open, I'll give you that, but no god anybody writes about would think your head's a great place to set up shop. Okay? Pobble?" From afar, Pobble sighs, "It wasn't out of choice. Cellular Divinity Matrix. Got it all figured me. See, this skeptisism in your tone isn't going down too well. God is getting angry, which is giving me a headache. I'm going to go now, I shall be home shortly and maybe you'll be more rational by then. Goodbye." and he hangs up. Ring ring  *click* "Keene here."  "Hi." Flat and cranky; sounds like a busy kitchen behind the voice "Pobble thinks he's god."  Keene sounds moderately bored. "Again? I thought he really liked thinking he was a fish."  "It's his fault the bathroom's a mess." There's a big pause, more noise. Sounds like she's in the back of a bar. "I meant to tell you about it this morning but I wasn't up and then we missed eachother. Anyway. That's drugs in the sink and he was on the floor when I got home and Dave was being useless under the bed, said he was dying. So."  The phone is muffled for a minute, a waitress in the background taking Penny's order. Bourbon. One of those nights.  "So he's gone when I get up and I went looking then some cunt answers his phone and he tells me god's living in his head."  His voice is carefully neutral. "Good for him. Maybe the Quiet will do him some good. That, and me cleaning the bathroom out before somebody brushed their teeth with LSD."  "Y'think? I guess," uneasy, overtly uncomfortable with anyone being that unavailable "He has to sign the lease papers. Thing's in his name." Distracted. Waitress with drinks. "Hey how'd that meeting go?"  "It was miserable, as I expected. I left a summary of my notes on the desk. I predict they get crushed sometime in the next six months. Our objective is to be out of range when it happens."  "Could do with some target practice," taking on Pobble's thick accent she does a good impersonation "What about that Aaron guy. Heard he's a knob. Bet on him switchin'it up again?"  A grunt. "I'm willing to bet he never switched in the first place. These people are /easily/ fooled."  Glasses clinking, she snorts and snifs "Yo, they're a mess. 'Cept for a few. Never met'im but his missives are funny as fuck. I miss yours; when're you gonna write for us again... 'member those leaftlets at the Mall of America? At the BestBuy? Those were *the best*" pausing "or maybe it's a waste. Hyperion's cornered the market on that kinda propaganda. Oh um.." leading into someone, she trails off.  "I'm going to wait to see how Hyperion handles the latest batch of stupidity that happens before I act."  Quietly she adds "There's some other stuff in the bathroom."  "I've heard. I ain't touching it."  "Good. I'll be drinking if you need me."