         "Red hair, wacki chica." Chase responds between sips. "Dress all D.R." Sitting with his thick shoulders to the door, he's propped on a stool and talking to Vulture behind a wall of cancerous nicotine. Brooding over a mostly finished drink, his weathered hands go about the mundane process of describing a height. "You know... wacki." That settles it.  "Wacky, huh?" Vulture is kind of half seated on his stool, one hand on his drink, the other moving to rummage around in his pocket for... ah, there it is... a Chupa Chup. A red sucker. He begins unravelling it slowly, "Fuck, Chase... wacky chicks are all I fuck'n know... s'th'way th'world works.." Once unwrapped he pops the sucker in his mouth, and then takes another swig of beer. A grimace. Yuck. Oh well.  [Enter: Penny, speaking of wacky.]  She goes hey at Chuck and beelines for the bathroom. Twitchy girl with a sneer trekks her bad attitude off to make it better, wet footprints in her wake, one hand pushing open the buttons of her coat. Slipping to the inside left, she disappears shouldering open the swinging door at the back. Bright yellow light shafts through the haze of smoke, sharp sound of a face being slapped (corner of the phone/restroom area - a man and woman) then the thudding sound of the wooden door slapping back on rusty springs.  Chase missed the passing spectral train that was the copper girl. Though he did catch the 'hey', and for a beat his red gaze peels from Vulture. But there's a cigarette to finish, and the last drink of this round. "If we depended on wacki broads ta keep 'r runnin' round, she woulda stopped first bloody day of the month."  Still grimacing from the nasty mix of Stout and Candy, Vulture just nods. He picks up a napkin and wipes his tongue off a couple of times to get that fucking AWFUL taste out of his mouth. A moment later he's succeeded, and makes a decision... he pops the sucker back into his mouth and pushes the brew away, "I s'pose... still... can't live with'm, can't kill'm, can't even gett'm n'th'sack..." Wow, that was cryptic. As it was, he too missed the beeline. He'll catch it on the way back.  The fight between the pimp and his bitch is still going on; it's getting louder and making less sense. Penny's propped open the door with her foot - some precarious and strange leaning between the two doors; everyone can see the arguement's moving into the ladies' - well, everyone that's not busy racking up, stacking up, pushing the cue. Not a lot, actually. She squeezes through the door, jacket catching on that shitty iron handle ripping open the buttons of her coat again. Before she can catch it a little black case skids out under a high stool. Opting for a cool and smoove approach, Penny tries not to look pale and frozen, feigns an interest in the gameplay where the stool's positioned.  And slowly she sinks down behind big men with their backs turned; sharks circling the tables shouldn't have time to see her reach between the rickety legs, grab the little thing. Shouldn't see her edge carefully around that stick-holding post.  There's more sitting going on, Chase slowly raises one shoulder to adjust it. Like a forklift, his actions are mechanical. *Sniffle* Nostril wipe, he throws back the last bit of whiskey bitting into the ice cube that accompanies it. He speaks again, muffled through a mouthful of frozen water. "I rrrr 'aaaat," there's some crunching, "That yer woman with the stuff in 'r face?" Vague gestures of piercings about the lips when the scuffle pulls his attention. A look, "P-Diddy" under his breath. And to those beyond, a 100 yard stare. His eyes could be crosshairs.  Charice comes into the pool hall slowly and takes a look around at the new look. A smile graces her face as she sees something in here she likes, which isn't that rare for the woman.  Hopping down off his stool for a minute, Vulture holds up a single finger to indicate to Chase that he'll be right back. BRB. With that he strides into the ladies room and one can hear his voice a moment later shouting something along the lines of 'SHUT THE FUCK UP!'. Several bone jarring thuds are heard, and the pimp goes silent. The prostitute, she can be heard giving her thanks until another couple of thuds resound. Now she's quiet, too. The birdman steps back out of the bathroom and heads back over to sit on the still nearby his comrade, "Uh..... what th'fuck were y'sayin'?" His fingers wrap around his glass again - but this time he takes the sucker out of his mouth before having a swallow of his drink.  Moss is following behind Charice with a smug looking expression on his face. He stops a few feet inside the main pool hall and gives the place the once over. He pulls out a pack of smokes and a zippo while he's doing this and lights up. He turns to Charice and nods his approval.  Jarrod follows Moss and Charice in. His eyes gleam and he appears to be in an excellent mood. He moves smoothly, looking over at the pool table and cocks his head to the side curiously, looking like he's trying to remmeber something.  Ya, there's Penny. And a crowd of people enter as a scuffle is ended near the bathroom by the birdman. He returns to a seat next to Chase, who seems momentarily blinded by the extra purpleness of the girl's jacket. But he managed to watch Vulture go about breaking up the ruckus, in a somewhat muted, yet amused state. "I was talkin' wacki broads, cabrone." It's a response to the man as he snuffs out the cherry of a spent smoke when he returns. The last wisps leaking from his detached smirk. There's more people to spot, but the thick 7-11 mascot waves Penny towards the counter. "Oi, Becka."   Beating down a pimp? Probably not the brightest thing Vulture ever did in his life; this part of town, this sort of estabishment brooks no smugly grinning fools. But he did leave a stool free there beside Chase and Penny, reassessing her situation what with the retucking of case to inside pocket, friendless and alone, misses the opportunity to stroll over casual-like. Instead she makes some vague hand-gesture at Chase. It's almost like a wave but also almost exactly like someone curling their fingers into a hang-loose pantomime, then looking to her left she swipes two fingers from right to left across her jacket sleeve. Lazy bastards flinging butts. Maybe she's checking for burns when he calls out to her. Cutting a profiled glance back toward the bar, her blue lips render a crooked half smile.  Charice watches Moss move out of the bar and then shrugs, turning to Jarrod now. "Let's get us a table or something so we can talk, alright?" She moves over to him and puts her hand on his arm lightly, "Been here before, have ya?" tugging on his arm a bit as she looks around for an empty table for the two to sit at.  Vulture has never been accused of being the brightest guy around. That's for certain. He wipes the drying blood off of his knuckles with a nearby napkin. It's the violence. The violence inspires lesser men to do lesser things. With a yawn the birdman looks around himself before replying to Chase, "Uh...yeah... wacky bitches." That's about it. Having started his adrenaline flow it's time to go find someone else to turf. Or get turfed by. He slides off his stool and throws a couple of bucks on the bar to pay for his drinks. "Yo,Chase... take'r easy... we'll seeya later."  Jarrod is tugged along by Charice. "I'm not sure. Seems familiar though. But I think the place I remmeber had a different name."  "Buenos suertes, Vulch." For the departing bird, flying off. The narcotic haze is obvious, Chase holds up the metal sign and hand nods in the air. 7-11 orders another whiskey keeping an eye on his back. Always on his back. He doesn't miss the crowd, not a person, but it's time to shoot the shit with a pal. Lazy towards Penny, there's pretzels that come under attack. "Thanks for the thing at the place with the guy." His greeting to her.  Jarrod read your description.  Charice looks around at the tables and nods to Jarrod, "Yeah...Crazy 8's. That was it's name." She frowns at something, turning too look over at the door like a caged up bird now. "Jarrod...let's..umm..haul, okay?" Tugging on his arm so he will follow her once more.  Jarrod seems a bit surprised to be getting tugged a different way but nods. "OK." He glances at Charice curiously and smoothly follows her toward the door.  Penny always turns up. Penny always gets in the way. It could be formulaic; someone oughta do a study, finance a survey on just how badly Penny does this. She totters briefly on her stacked heels and shuttles to the right giving the guy with the mo' wide berth. She stares at him, eyes like pinpoints, before going "..oh" fairly quietly and without much ado. Half aware of the bartender, she holds up her fingers - two fingers, the index and the middle waiting for him to notice. Yes? Have we seen? Yes. "Good," unaware that she herself is speaking, Penny's bloodless smile eases into another de-nada expression "Any time, any place," scooting in toward the pretzel-shaped mess on the bar.  Right out the door. That's the way the punk travels. Vulture is at one with the street a moment later, his hands stuffing themselves into the depths of his pockets. Have feet will travel.  Vulture opens the door and walks out onto the stoop. Vulture has left.  Charice grins at Jarrod, "I got an itch to ride is all. Come on.." she makes her way though the bar quickly as she can, with Jarrod at her side.  "Right now..." Chase looks back at the door as people enter then scoot off like trepid animals. "You scared off the lot of 'm, eh?" Back to Penny, a few bits of dead pretzels fall from his lips as he speaks. "You see that one? With the hair?" Again, he makes the extremely inaccurate portrayal of someone's height with his palm. "The chica? With the red...? That there, 'n the mohawk." Some scratching under his chin, he says it all secret like. "They ain't right."  Penny does that thing where she swipes two fingers across her breastbone again, right to left. And she lets you see it, giving it some weight, some impact. "It's the drugs. Amps my latent ability to spook the spooks.. " stepping up on the low rung, Penny leans her body-from-the-hip across the bar and grabs a handful of ice and a handful of olives, sits back down "That kid? Yeah he's a little.. fuck, *I'm* a little.. "  Her slouch just now isn't an affectation; she just absolutely can not readjust. Like her muscles have given out for a few, taking five. "How'dja meet'im?"  "Be careful 'a them lot. I pulled some bloody bastard from her jaws one night in the middle a the street." Chase reached for another pretzel. His stained make it a point to bite down on the salty treat in a crunching fashion. "More fuckin' whiskey." He says that to himself, then aloud in real time to the tender. "Bushmills." And back to P-Diddy. "Fixin' on lunchin' his soul, the fucker was."  Figuring you don't mean literally, Penny goes on with her olives and ice; popping one and the other melting in the usual fashion. She reasons "Snack's a snack, oi?" Snickering at her own inherent humor, Penny explains in her further unconcerned, fixed-and-dilated way "Piggy'n the old man'a pulled me outta some shit I never thought I'd get away from..  but they're just guys .." rambling on "they're just guys and get trained from diapers they get to be on top, s'not their fault really. All that bullshit social programming.." Some sympathy edges out but not much else; bent as she is.  Drink arrives with inconsequential timing, Chase welcomes the whiskey to it's new home. "You don't like 'm on top?" He swats the ball back into her court, picking up a few broken pieces of snack from the counter that threated to fall under foot. "I mean... whatever." *Crunch* and sip, this could sustain him through the apocalypse possibly. "What kinda shit does Penny get into, where she plays damsel?"  Penny gets an itch. Not the kind of itch you can see, it's something lingering behind her eyes and she drops the ice, knuckles touching deep temple tissue for a few. "It's not like that, fuck that. Fuck bait. Fucking no fucking way." All this take an extremely long time for her to say, can't quite seem to get the blood to boil in its usual manner; the invective lacks truth. Disinterested in the olives, she drops them, too, underfoot and picks up a drink that may or may not be hers. Just to hold it, wrap her fingers around it. "That's not me. But y'know sometimes you gotta get outta the house man. Livin'with all those guys makes a girl ..whatever. Whatever I can say it, I made some bad fucken choices man but they got my back is all. Is all I'm tryin'a say."  "So you think they all rolled together?"  "The bird's owner, she got crap in her face." Accurate. "Ya know, studs 'n whatever. Buncha piercings. Dunno. I don't get that one. I mean, can't ya get pretzels stuck in there 'r some shit? I knew this chic had her neck pierced..." Hands barely fit round his horse neck in description. "Like this. Like a necklace. All round. Grossed me out, 'specially when it got infected." He -totally- makes a grody face. "Fuckin things were drippin' clear liquid. Fuckin gross!" Chase almost yells that last bit, and remembers what he was asked. "I mean, yeah. The bird's owner's pals with the redhead. Gonna munch away, she was. On some poor cabrone the bird beat down." A shrug."Ya know, i couldn't just stand there 'n let 'r have at some beat down puto. I'm tellin' ya, that one..." Fingers point at the door, "that one was 'bout ta lunch."  "Shoulda let the monkey have him," her comment mostly under a breath, half spitting whatever she sipped. What IS she drinking? She takes a good look at the glass, tries to focus. "I hate Jameson," taking it personally though really it's no one's fault but her own. "Should give'em som'what Pobs foiled up for me. Set'm right on their asses is what. Won't be no one's problem." She bites down hard on her lip, shoves the glass back to the bar. "So what, you go all vigilante now?"  "Naww...." Chase waves that off. "Me? Comeon." A dubious look. "But ya know, they were bein' sloppy. Fishin' in the public pool, front 'a all sorts a eyes? You do someone like that, give a Colobian neck tie, you don't do it next the local internet cafe. That just tells me they're dumb, and deserved the fucking with I dished out."  You say, "..IS kinda stupid, innit."  Penny swings around on the stool and observes "So maybe it wasn't me what scared'em off, hey?" She punches you in the shoulder "Fucko, should let a girl in on the down low." Losing her balance, Penny starts to slide and catches long enough to get right briefly "..fuck," murmurs "cab me, get me home okay?"  "Lightweight, i'll take ya home." And he stands, slamming his untouched whiskey. He does that kinds thing not to impress, but to -suppress-. Lips smack in a yummy sound, "Smooth." Mr. Furly! There's some head shaking goin on, Chase is jarring loose his driving skills from their mental self. Some bills are placed on the table, he looks back towards the bathroom as the pimp starts to regain his senses. "This place is dead anyways."