         Given the hour, Penny should be asleep. But there's things afoot in the bathroom. Light under the door and a rustle of paper being shred from a book and torn further.  A muffled, half whispered "Shit." The crystaline sound of breaking glass - thin glass and not much of it.  The entrance door clicks shut, and Senior Pobble steps in cautiously. The sound of glass breaking causes his otherwise serene poise to slip. Bathroom. Glass breaking. Sounds uncomforting to a restroom-chemist. Scanning the shapes in the darkness he begins the ardurous trip to the next door and raps a knuckle against it quietly.  The door pitches off your knock. There's Penny half-crouched over the toilet, her bare foot on the seat. Little leather case tipped off the counter, syringe shattered in the unlucky fall "That you, Pobs?" stage-whispered "Keene's not still here is he? Come in, come in..shh.. hurry. Careful" already tweaked, she throws a damp towel over the glass and gestures to the ice bucket next to the  sink. "Pick."  Pobble slips in, pushing the door quietly behind him. His hand leaves a smudge of semi-congealed blood on the white surface. He looks awfully pale, the usually preternatually wide pupils shrunken to pinpoints. Leaning back against the door he offers a shrug, with a smile of zen calmness. "I don't have one."  "You have to pick," her voice going thin, twisting into a peculiar accent where 'pick' sounds more like 'pay-uck'. The tongue too tied by another pulse,another drive. "Week's up," tipping the lid down, Penny sits indian-style trying to keep her eyes open and haivng a miserable time of it.  And squinting at the wall's new colors "Where'd that come from?"  Spreading open his hands, Dr Steve reveals this winter's fashionable Stigmata look. The holes don't look too fresh but are still oozing. The tranquil smile remains as if stuck to his lips with glue, and he looks up towards the ceiling off to the side for a second. The smile widens and he shakes his head before stepping forward to the ice bucket and looking inside. "I have no idea what you're larking on about."  "Put your hand in the bucket and pick one."  She says this, says "hay-und" and "buh-kit", achieving a kind of lopsided balance with eyes closed. "S'time to switch. We do this every week Pobs, quit fuckin'around and pick."  "Oh. Right." he says, hand reaching in and russling about. "Penny. You look fucked. Did you know that? Fucked." A slip is grabbed but he doesn't look at it, he leans down to stare at your eyes. His lips twitch as if he's thinking something over, and then he nods. "We agree."  Her slivermouth smiles; muscles tighten in her jaw on the left side. Off kilter. "We have not been fucked, have we? Can't help what we pick. It just comes knocking. We can't help it can we. We can but we shouldn't." Things get very still for her then, maybe she stops breathing. "Don't make me talk anymore. Hurts my teeth."  Compton has connected. The bathroom door is closed but there's a light on. Conversation going on behind it. To early to put a fine point on it, sounds like Penny and Pobble.  Pobble pulls a cigarette out of his gogglestraps and places it between his lips, "Sunday." he says, unravelling the folded paper with one hand. A zippo is withdrawn and shkt and puff puff. A hand pats his jacket, leaving damp sticky spots. "You want something to take the edge off there love?" Little noise, little whinge, little snif. A tightness has overcome the framework, taut like a drum. "Better, yeah" a short nod. Flexed fingers and hand extended out expecting. "Feel stuck, tire stuck." She knows what she's talking about; you might not but sense isn't part of this dialogue. Her eyes  half-open, touching your fingers, the buttonhole of the cuff "You're stuck, too, aren't you."  Pobble shakes his head slightly, keeping his eyes on yours. He looks only mildly perplexed. The unusually with-it Dr Steve is an ocean of calm today. Crouching a little more he replies, "I am not stuck. God is stuck." The words are only mildly mutilated by the keeping of the cigarette between his lips and retriving it after speaking.  She puts two fingers on your wrist and takes the cigarette from you, bones in her elbow popping. "God's gotta go." She says it this way, casually, the kind of thing someone says about the kid at the party freaking out in the corner after someone spiked his drink. "God's definitely gotta go," dragons out the smoke "crashers are so over."  "God can't go. He's not a crasher.." He stands, once more and winks conspiratorially. "You'll see.. in time, you'll see."  A hand reaches into his pocket and he drops a pair of small oval yellow pills onto the counter beside you. Leaning back down he plants a light kiss on your forehead and turns to slip out.