         [ed Note: Chase shows Penny how he does bi'niz. And vice versa.]  Holiday Inn - Room 174 The lamp is ringing.  You'd swear it's the lamp ringing. There is nothing else on the nightstand but that's where the sound is coming from. Fiberboard that echoes; carries an antiquated briiiing noise; the Holiday Inn - resting place of all outmoded means of communication. And because the alarm-with-the-flip-digital-clock-and-radio tells us it's around 5am, we also know it to be God on the other end.  Or, according to Penny's half-mumbled tirade from under cover, it better be. Or else.   Her arm pokes around at the desk, flops mindless and knocks into the nightstand's drawer. Phone in the drawer. The ringing stops and "Hrn.. nafuc..ya. YA," come cottonmouth responses. Phone back in the drawer. A phone so old it makes that half-ringing sound when its hung up. Or knocked into by a half-sleeping Penny. "Offaracesghuysbacklate."  Awful hallway light yellows the floor and ceiling as she leaves.  Air Canada Centre - Lord Stanley's Mug:  The house that Lord Stanley built, the city even. Yes, December, the NHL's in full swing, and out of towners and pilot are tweaking over some coffee and checking out last nights scores on the screen. But not Chase. He could give a fuck. Sitting there in his 7-11 shirt, he looks all too outta place. That's why he called for backup. Gum -and- cigarette going at once, he broods over coffee near the window as airboat land beyond.  It's a sports bar. It's open all hours. It is, if nothing else, accommodating but it's not good enough for Penny. She comes up on the place virulent and shivering bent on a few things; making it quick and making it easy. Anyone can see it if they look; still crusty her eyes have that red-rimmed glaze and her body is closed up, shoulders hunched, hands in pockets. Morning-after hair could be the final clue; this just isn't Penny's morning and it's going to be One Of Those Days. So she's taking it personally; Everyone else has that just-washed or just-landed look. Everyone else has an excuse for that little-too-oily/little-too-old-for-this sheen and it pisses her off because they all want to talk to her. Ask her about her hair. Ask about her make-up. Ask her about the foot and a half of snow caked up around her boots. "Fu'off" is all she can get out of that twist of a mouth, quiet up until she gets to the window "..hi."  Could be a greeting but really, it's a cry for help..  From his reflection in the thick glass, red eyes pull and rise to Penny. Chase doesn't look especially tired in comparison. Not anymore than his usual amount of slack. The bloodshot gaze and 10 pound sacks don't excessively heavy this early morn, and he even manages a cheery smile. "Thanks fer comin, chica." Nose rub, *pop*, the smell of coffee and smoke, he shifts to kick out the seat opposite from him. "Cop a squat, 'll buy ya some mud, eh?"   Penny would take off her coat but a misted layer of icy snow keeps her buttoned-up a little longer. Instead she leans into the cheap metal shield covering the radiator - industrial and substandard enough to make that loud/empty noise they all make. Loud enough to disgruntle a snoozer at another table. "Mmng," an affirmative from thin blue lips, nodding up "mu's'goo," teeth belatedly chattering. "s'noprob," she lies "s'up en ee way." Dropping from her coat in larger chunks now, the frost shakable, Penny starts to unfold from its confines slowly. Eyes still half-lidded, coffee *would* be good for her, slide the malaise like the slush from all that wet nylon. She drapes it across another chair and drops into that seat like a ton of bricks.  It so happens that the coffee Chase was gonna buy for her is the one he was sipping on. It's mostly there anyways, seventy four percent of it. And already dosed with enough cream and sugar to make it smell rather pungent. And duly, it nudged forwards. "Don' worry, 's just 'family' coodies, ya know. So then, Becka, how's the hubby's new cat? I hear those hairless fuckers are hell ta raise." The man across from Penny starts in familiar tones, as though speaking to an old friend or relative. Under the coffee that's nudged towards the girl, is a stained napkin. Conspiratorially, he points a callused finger at it. "Got the mud just how you always take it."  Penny hates a ruse. Penny is so straightforward she may as well be an arrow. It's possible she's too tired for this, it's likely that the moment she picks up the cup that coffee will slosh out and burn her fingers and there's no doubt she'll need more. For now, Penny just puts her hands around the mug like a kid with hot cocoa, sinks low in the chair and affects the kind of smile that's not a smile but a crease in her forehead and dimple in one cheek. "Yeah but no hairballs," totally deadpan. She starts to pick up the mug but there's some block; a lack of snapping synapses. Motor skills at zero rpm. Keeps her eyes on the circles vibrating in the mug.  "-JUST- how you like..." Chase repeats through pursed lips. "Right... Becka?" His manner prompting, impatient. Shits always stress with him. Eyes creep to one side, then back. A pilot claps his hands at the bar, Vancouver beat Dallas. Some peanuts are slipped. From across the table, an obvious throat clearing and nudge at the coffee and/or napkin. An attempt to jump start Penny's motor skills.  Her left hand fidgets with the handle of the mug, starts to slide if off the napkin just a few yawns short of making meaningful eye contact "Yeah yeah," a slow, low drawl. A convincing signal-to-noise. No need to coach, she's got it all under control "S'got just the right," going in for the big yawn; full body stretch. "c'sistancy. You always know how to get the color right," no need to adlib or fill-in with something clever. Penny yawns again and sips without hesitating.  If one were to look, from in close, with an eagle eye, they'd find ball-point pen scribbling on the napkin. 'Drink and watch' is what is says. Who knows. Chase squints his eyes a bit as Penny tests the concoctions. There's the distinct taste of oranges, an odd hint for morning java. "I outta, you 'n yer college friends would make me cook vats a this shit when I was on shore leave." He finally continues, nodding his head and looking less pensive. *Pop* Eyes out towards the window, he advises, "But uh...don't drink too much, I putta lotta sugar in there. Enough give ya a nasty buzz from the whole cup." Back to Penny he turns, reaching for his smoke to add some flavor to his gum. A healthy drag, and larger cloud expelled.  It's not healthy, all this stealth so early in the morning. So what's to see? Some geezer tipped over on a stool. Flight attendants congrating by the entrance. Coupla guys reading papers. These things hold no interest for Penny. These things are as mundane as they are plentiful. Maybe she just doesn't see it yet. Clarity of vision has not come; she's not caffeinated enough. This morning is wearing thin on her; she's doing her best not to throw back the whole mug, doing her damnedest not to drum her fingers or rub her eyes, touch the fuzzy parts of her hair or toy with an earring.  Because we are being low fucking key.  "I remember that time you came back from Bora Bora," half her face in the mug, eyelashes, eyelids, eyebrows just above the rim.  The nook between nostril and cheek get's fingered, Chase leans a tad forwards in his seat. his hand drops to his stomach, and a nauseous memory drifts over his features. "Shit girl, that was -before- the surgery. Ugh. Fuckin' Asian Trots. I swear ta fuckin' gawd, that bowl twister was longer than the snake in Anaconda." But his eyes are telling a different story. They're not focused on vague flashbacks of foreign diarrhea, no. They're needle sharp, squinting at a spot three inches above Penny's eyes.   And then she hears him really. Oh his lips keep moving, describing in detail his battle with the toilet upon his return, but in Penny's mind, he's saying something else. And here comes his voice, crisp and drowning out the nonsense his lips are spewing. "Here's the situation..." A flashing image projected in your mind's eye. Of... a man standing in front of Der Weenershnitzle, or something spelled much like that. He dawns the suit of a giant hotdog mascot. Chase's voice again. "There the hotdog's a U.S. custom's agent, he spotted my coyote in J.F.K. He's looking for a solo, not a couple."  Penny doesn't exactly go cross-eyed but hey, give a girl a little warning. She keeps her mouth on the mug to keep from gibbering something stupid or something period. Penny looks like she's experiencing that kind of hung-over disorientation when you wake up in your own bed, still fully dressed but can't quite recall when or how she got there. "What?" suddenly, a jump - a lapse in the conversation maybe. It was her turn and she missed a beat. "Oh, about Lance" it sounds like lay-unce, she goes on and on about the cat and its shots, and how horrible it feels - like a plucked chicken underfoot. Putting down the cup on the table, her hands move slowly out of sync with the conversation, toward your left. Her fingers are rolling a tiny red thread, straying lint from your sleeve, correcting little things about your shirt. And then it's kicked back, that image; recycled into two options with subtitles - the agent handled by a tearful grandmother with lost baggage or the agent with the runs, cursing the danish he's shouldn't have ordered. When she leans back, hands to herself, the afterimages start to fade; color turning inside out - burned off the retina of your mind's eye. "And he refuses to pick a flea collar without asking the stupid vet about four different kinds. Which do you think'll work? He trusts your judgement."  "Fuckin' spiked." He -would- say that. Chase shakes his head though, jaw still flexing on his pulverized chewy treat. "Of course. 'N make sure you keep that thing away from the nino. They steal baby's breath yaknow. Piss of grams if lil' Eubert couldn't show fer his briss because the gato sucked his lungs out." Wives-tale, an old one.   Mental tennis, Chase swats back. There's the man in a hotdog suit, and the image drifts from the mighty unkosher one, now floating through random faces towards the baggage claim. And through the wall. And into a room, fulled up with A.T.F. and uniformed customs agents, 'la migra' in LA. "He's miked to team, waitin' on Guermo." A narrative, and then a shot of someone's face. A grimy looking fellow, short, hispanic, wearing a 'Member's Only jacket and sporting a south american soccer mullet. "He's Guermo. We're gonna be mom 'n pop, hit the mark, and jet to the bathroom. The Hotdog needs to be there, and he needs to report back that an elderly couple came in contact with the mark. That'll give us five minutes to get to the bathroom. Payed off a baggage handler to open the hanger to us, i'm parked out there. You get 2 bills. Sound fair?"  Penny tilts her head down and laughs under her breath "You still read too much Stephen King," she shifts, looks at her coat and maybe at something that's a watch on her left wrist. "You ready?" moving like there's a meter that needs feeding; shuffling things out of the way, tucking chairs aside. "I gotta..." trailing off; some things don't need saying.  "'S do it." And up. Look at 'm go, Penny's a regular junior kingpin in training. Chase leads, it goes off like without a hitch, and the beard gets her geets. Thanks beard.