         Overdrives Alley - Main Bar Contents: Jesse  Sunday evening, just past Eight, and Jesse is circling the pool table, frowning in concentration. Judging by the sparse clientele, he's just running the table by himself. Judging by the trail of empty longnecks, he's been at it for a while.  Compton lumbers in. Weighted down by his heavy parka and a pool cue case he manages to navigate the main door clumsily. Stomping his feet a few times he leave clumps of slush behind and move in towards the tables himself.  "Winning?" the big guy asks sarcastically.  Jesse bent over the table, raises his eyes and grins under his hat brim. "Hard to say." He stands, lifts his cigarette to his lips, and raps his knuckles on the side of his head. "Crowded in here. Can't tell who's up and who's down. You?"  In the usual Invisible manner Compton raises his right hand in a hang loose sign, before pointing to the left with his index and middle fingers, "Breaking even." he retorts before shrugging his way out of the coat and turfing it on a nearby bench.  Jesse responds with a peace sign, taps his left breast, and nods. "Could be worse." He returns his attention to the table, speaking with lacunae and pauses, his focus on the last few balls remaining on the brightly lit sea of green. "So what's doing? Anyone around?"  "Pobbles fucked." Compton starts. "And I hear Penny's bent on some smack he came up with." He opens the case and draws two black aluminum poles from the case that he threads together. Fucking slick pool cue. Seems retirement with a gold card has its benefits. "Keene and Hiro's watching TeeVee."  "See Keene, tell him I'm down with the White Star. He can keep running P.R. with the Muckity Mucks, I'll run solidarity with the Zapatistas." Jesse, finally, takes his shot. Sinks it. Paces around the table without lifting his eyes, sweeping chalk up to the end of the cue, and begins staring again. "And we should get the mouse to give us the rundown on that Mecca thing."  Eyes squinting as Jesse hovers around the table, Compton seems to be deep in thought processing and translating your slang and ciphers in to meaningful strings of ideas. "Right." he says with all the convictions of a drunken prom date. "Who’s your man?"  Jim comes in from the street.  Jesse takes another shot, misses, and straightens his back with a frown. He tilts his head to one side. "Huh?"  Jim strolls into Overdrive's Alley, makes his way to the bar and slaps twenty dollars down. He winks to the bartender, and says: "One bourbon, one scotch, one beer."  Jim sits down at Long wooden bar.  "Yer Star, would I know him... and you gonna finish soon?" Compton says standing next to the pool table Jesse is playing solo on, "Otherwise I'm goin for a round."  Jesse points to the cue ball with his stick, shaking his head no. "All yours." He sniffs. "Little danzig looking mofo. You know him. We did laundry together, I think." Jesse turns to retrieve a longneck of Budweiser from the nearby beer puddled table and takes a long swallow. "Anyhow. Peaches can keep running his game; I just want him to be cool with me running this angle my lonesome."  Jesse sits down at Battered old pool table.  The bartender give Jim a harsh look, but he ignores it. "Come on man, deal it!" he responds. After a short while of rummaging around, the bartender grabs Jim's order and sets it before him.   "Ahhhhh!" Jim says, perusing his alcoholic cornucopia.   Talking, partly to himself, the bartender, and perhaps partly to the Holy Father as well, he says: "Since it's Sunday, I'll /only/ drink myself stupid. Promise." With a wink and a gulp, his bourbon disappears.  Compton props his fancy pool cue against the table and starts collecting the balls to re-rack them.  Gulp! There goes the scotch. Jim smiles broadly as he zips the burning hellfire down his throat. He begins looking around, and notices the pair playing pool, and nods to them in an informal greeting.  At your table Compton frowns for a moment shaking his head, like he's about to deny any knowledge of the guy - a reflex perhaps before the fog of various impurities of the liver lift and his brow crinkles up with recognition, "Right. That tough guy at the meetings. So he's cool then?" Compton asks with a hint of surprise in his voice. "Fuck me. I thought we were alone"  Jesse tugs at the brim of his hat, nodding in the direction of the bar "...Cougar." He turns, gesturing with his cigarette for the older man to rack faster. "Yeah, cool as shit. Got his six."  Compton finishes his preparations and collects the triangle. Stepping back he declares, 'Your break... Wanna shoot fer beers?'  "Naah. I got beers. Let's shoot for 'ludes. Piggy cleaned me out at Doom Friday night, but I hear you took all that and his shirt at hold'em when I passed out." Jesse, twisting his right hand to chalk his stick against the cube in his left, walks to the end of the table, grinning. "Keep taking advantage of the kids, you're gonna rack up a karma neither one of us is gonna like."  Isaac has connected.  "Just fucking shoot." Compton states. Obviously ticked for being fingered in such a dastardly crime and for taking shame from the wastrel as he digs a mitt full of horse pills from his trouser pocket and dumps them on the side of the table. "Eye fer eye, punk."  Jim looks over to Isaac, wincing slightly at the labyrinth of facial injuries. He then lights up a smoke, and begins to destroy his beer.  Isaac enters the bar, looking around warily, with a few flakes of snow already upon him.  Jesse bends, planting his weight on his hand, and grins up at Compton, then throws himself behind the stick, rising on his toes with the force of the break. Sinking back on his heels, he tilts his head to one side, gesturing invitingly at the table. "All yours, old man."  Jim finishes his beer quickly, and then calls to the bartender, "A pitcher of..." he recognizes Isaac, and looks over to him, "Hey... Isaac, right? What're you drinkin? Come on over here man, look like you've been hit by a Mack truck."  Isaac walks up to the guy and eyes him. "I don't really feel like getting alcohol anywhere near this..." He motions to the cuts on his face. He does approach and sit on a stool. Isaac sits down at Long wooden bar.  Compton grimaces at Jesse, like he's already ruined his night, "Aw fuck man, hold on. Lemme grab a pint." and stomps off to the bar leaving his cue on the table.  The 'pint' is in fact a pitcher of the house draft. (Most likely recirrculated swill from the trays under the tap.)  Compton then returns to the table sans glasses and just takes heady draughts from the lip of the pitcher himself, before wiping his mouth with his shirt sleeve and picking up his cue.  Jim laughs a hearty laugh. "You know, after knockin back a few, it don't hurt as much. Come on. Kieth's. I'm buyin." With that, Jim orders a pitcher of Keith's and two glasses, slapping his money down.  Isaac looks at him weirdly and shrugs. "Your money, I guess... What's got you in such a happy mood?"  Jim smiles. "Well, for one, I just started drinkin. For two, I got me a steady gig down at the Dubliner Pub."  Jim pours them both a glass, and raises his. "To life, liberty, and the pusuit of getting fuckin' shitfaced!"  Compton leans forward and braces his bulk against the table which groans under the guy’s weight. Closing one eye, he jerks his head aside flipping the top of the Santa cap over to the other side of his head and takes two long practice shots before letting go on the cue ball.  Isaac rolls his eyes. "You got a job at a bar, are your celebrating by going to /another/ bar to drink yourself stupid? That’s really smart, I'm sure they appreciate you not giving them business."  Jim grins. "I come here for the atmosphere."  Jesse rattles his stick loosely in his hand, slouching against the wall. "So what's with the brit seeing jesus?"  Isaac snorts. "At least some businesses don't change depending on the year..." He eyes his glass and finally gulps some down.  Jim smiles at Isaac's drinking. Then, encouragingly, "Come on, if you get drunk enough, I promise to drag you over to a booty palace, and we'll make asses of ourselves in front of naked ladies. Trust me, it's good times."  The white ball slams in to the assembled mass of other balls sending them careening about the tattered felt. Three go down. 2, 5, & 10.  "Beats the fuck outta me. Is a little weird, ya know? Even for Po-boy... Tables still open." Compton states and lines up for his next shot.  Isaac shakes his head at that. "Sorry. I'm trying to get Uta to understand the concept of one partner, and I need to set some sort of example if I'm gonna have a chance at it."  Compton lines up for a bank shot, trying to sink the 13 & 14 balls in the corner and center pockets respectively. Misses of cource, but it was a nice idea. "Fuck"  Jim grins and a belly laugh issues from his throat. "Women. I don't even bother trying any more. Take what you can get, and enjoy it man, looks like you could use some joy." Jim looks at Isaac's wounds, but leaves the question unasked.  Jesse takes another pensive swallow from his beer, without moving his weight from the wall. "I haven't seen it yet. Just heard around the room that britboy's gone all godfreak, and now Penn's with it." He sighs, shaking his head, and unfurls his slouch, walking over to bend over the table. "Four in the corner." Fluid movements from the elbow, the stick snaps, the ball falls. Precise. Measured. He walks to the pile of pills on the edge of the table, pushes three in Compton's direction, picks up a fourth and dry swallows it. "One back here." He pats the felt, bending again to line up his next shot.  Isaac takes another gulp and says, "This is what I got when I tried to be nice to a woman. Didn't even get to say a word to her before she slammed me into the back of a bar. She must be pretty skilled to have gotten me over the bar and into the beer shelf.... but who knows." Jim laughs again, drawing the attention of a few disgruntled bikers. "Man, that's classic. Like I said, take what you can get. Leave what you'll... get assaulted by." He takes a liberal gulp of half his beer, and puffs away at the cigarette.  "We've been cooped up in that shit-hole too long I say." Compton does say, and lifts his pitcher to his mouth again and sucks some more back leaving a film of foam on his 'stache. Damn, looks skuzzy. "We gotta get out before they have us going door to door with fruit cakes."  Compton guffaws in to his pitcher, "...fruit cakes..."  The one banks off the far rail and lands solidly in the chosen pocket. Jesse plucks another pill from the table, pauses to wash it down with beer, and looks back to the table, blinking and shifting his balance. "Seven." Then, a bit unsteadily, he taps the corner pocket closest to him. "Here."  Isaac wrinkles his nose at the cigarette, but drinks a little more of the beer. He doesn't say anything, but he looks at the two playing pool.  Compton steps forward and bends down, plucking the remnants of the chalk cube form the sticky floor before applying it to the end of his expensive cue, "Anyone talk to Dave about it? He'd know what'd possessed the limey shit I'd guess."  Jim continues drinking, and quickly pours another glass. "So, Isaac, what's goin on in your world, man. Other than the crazy chicks, I mean." Jesse leans forwards to line the shot up, nearly miscues, and fails utterly to sink the seven.  The thirteen, however, does wobble its ponderous way into a corner pocket. "Huh." Jesse stands, leaning on his stick, and gestures at the pills. "That one for me, or one for you?"  Isaac shrugs. "Just trying to get business together. I got a bid to make a custom sports car for a certain person in town, but I'm having some trouble getting the parts." Jim raises an eyebrow. "Really now? Well, maybe I can help. What sort of parts would these be?"  "Me. I'm highball... and friday. I could use another beer toots." Compton’s says smugly and spreads his legs and leans down for his next shot. "14, in tha middle." and sinks it.  Isaac shrugs. "I haven't organized it very well yet, I'm pretty busy with the shop. Why, what can you do?"  Another 'lude makes its way over to Compton’s pile, and he paces the tables a few times eyeing up his next shot.  "Goatfucker."  Jesse eyes the pile of pills, slides two more to join the two already moved towards Compton, and walks to the bar, fishing in his back pocket. A crumpled knot of currency s withdrawn, untangled, and counted through. A strange snarl of suspiciously high denominations and chickenscratch. "Pitcher of whatever's cheap." Two bills are straightened, flattened, laid on the bar.  Jim grins. "Well, I know some guys. They deal in parts, and the like." The way Jim says that word, "parts", implies some sort of illicit aspect of the subject.  Isaac doesn't seem to believe Jim. He takes another sip and then says, "Well if I think you can help, I'll let you know. Anything I can't find, I'll probably make myself."  Jesse walks back to set the pitcher next to Compton's beer-in-progress. "Oh. Whatsis skipped town, so you may have to start paying for it over at the pot."  Jim shrugs. "I'm just saying, if you need a hand up, lemme know. Business is rough, I know it." With that, he takes an alarmingly large gulp of beer, refills his glass and calls to the bartender. "One bourbon, one sc-"   The bartender interrupts Jim with a guffaw in the midst of his romantic George Thorogood moment, and serves up one bourbon, one scotch, and one beer.  The 11 ricocheted off the 15 and goes wide. But the 15 falls in. "Aww shit. Fuck cunt bitch... forgot to call it." Compton says in irrational disbelief from himself. "Yer up slim."  Jesse, tilting his head to one side, stares at Isaac's smirk. He raises an eyebrow but stays still, leaning back against the table, legs crossed in front of him.  Jim gets down to some /serious/ drinking, taking both the bourbon and the scotch in quick succession. Apparently, in an attempt to murder his liver.  Compton circles around to Jesse and his beer, but stops when he catches Jesse's look, and gazes back the way he's looking. Adding his own considerable glare.  Isaac looks back at Jim and says, "Slow down, man. No need to kill yourself yet and besides, it lacks some originality."  Jim grins, and gulps down half the beer in a flash. He fires up another smoke, and turns slightly in his stool to regard the pool players, puzzled by their nasty looks.  Jesse snorts when Isaac looks away, shaking his head, and turns back to the game. Stretching broadly, he circles the table, then lines up the shot again, gesturing with the stick at the seven ball, and then at the corner pocket. A miss.  Compton gives up with the 'Fuck you. Die' look and goes back to hunting the elusive 11 ball.  Jim looks over to Isaac, and takes a long drag. In a low, joking tone, he says, "Making friends are we?"  Isaac laughs for a moment and says, "I don't think those guys like us watching their game."  This time it is a long shot down the length of the table to the far pocket. The shit is clean and dead straight and the 11 joins his brothers. With a smirk Compton goes for the chalk, "Some peoples larvae eh?"  "You didn't call it." Jesse picks up a pill, looks at it, and grins at Compton. "That's a penalty. One for me." He swallows the pill.  Jim grins again, but says nothing, option instead to finish his beer and suck on his smoke.  Compton's mouth opens and closes a few times fish-like, and his ears pink up. For e brief moment he looks like things are going to fly, but he turns to his beer and says a defeated "Shit" to the gods of dead nights buried behind the walls of this dive.  Isaac waves his hand to ward away the smoke and watches the closing game intently.  Jim's gaze is pulled towards the mural of the naked lady behind the bar, and he puffs whimsically as he studies her curves.  Compton adjusts the grimy Santa’s cap on his head and takes another belt from the pitcher, and continues a more subdued conversation with Jesse.  At your table Compton says "So, you ah... See the note? In the hotel?"  Jesse shakes his head no, leaning against the table again and waiting for his turn. He lights a fresh cigarette, eyeing his beer where it sits n the corner, and thinks about the distance to it.  At your table Jesse says "What note?"  At your table Compton says "Tha one 'bout who ratted us out to the papers and cops? Ya know the tapes..."  At your table Jesse says "Yeah. That's the White Star guy. The one who sent the note." Jesse finally musters the will and stands, padding over to the little end-table in the corner on which the cluster of empties sprouts. From them, he plucks a half full longneck of bud, and upends it, swallowing the last.  Compton stomps around to the far side of the table and points with his cue at the green and white 12 ball and says, with much emphasis on Jesse understanding him, "That fucking ball" then taps the pocket closest to him, "In this fucking hole... got that?"   Isaac takes another gulp of beer and then dismounts from the stool. He leaves a couple of dollars on the bar and says, "Take care of yourself."  12 ball goes down the hole and Compton sneers smugly at his handiwork.  Jim nods. "You too man."  At your table Compton says "That's yer man? Right on. We gotta get a crew together and go collect this shit."  Compton's next shot sinks the 4. Low ball. Scratch.  "...Yeah." Jesse, slow to respond, speaks thickly from a far away place. "Yeah, I get it already." He nods again, adjusting his hat. "Crew-wise, yeah. Count him in. We gotta get his six next week, show the colors a little." Jesse grins, sliding around the table to line up a shot at the Six. "Fuckers forgot what fear was." The shot misses.   Jim finishes his smoke, and walks out the door, nodding to the pool players as he leaves.  Jim heads out to the street. Jim has left.  "It pisses me off ya know? Here I take all this flak being with you guys because we're a bunch of terrorists..." Compton rants as he stalks the table again, "Yet they totally ignore the fact that they have a rat in the house. More than this fuck should take it up the arse. I didn't fucking retire and move here to wind up hiding my ass in the dark because some shit has a moral dilemma with our reality."  Jesse shrugs, surreptitiously taking another pill - that's six. And we should be doing things by seven, really, but Jesse's motor control is already slowing dangerously. "So? So it's not like we're not gonna shiv him, we get a chance. I'm just waiting to meet the guy."  "But it's the principle." Compton says emphatically, "I'm kinda old to be notorius ya know?" and lines up on the 8 ball. "8, top left."  Compton misses of course.  Jesse chuckles softly, moving to line up a clear shot at the six. The sedatives must be kicking in - the cue wobbles out sideways and caroms off the rails. "Fucker." Jesse stands, gestures to the eight. "Your shot." Compton grimaces at the 8 ball, as if to intimidate it in to behaving. "8 ball. Dead center."  Compton stands up straight looking pretty darn smug. He plods over to the remaining pills and sweeps them back in to his hand, which quickly disappear in to his pocket. "Suck it up punk." is his words of wisdom to the loser.  Jesse exhales faintly, and gives a vague shrug, reaching out slowly to lean his stick against the wall. "Huh. Damn. I wanted to fight that ugly dude, too."  Compton disassembles his cue and packs it away. Then dons his heavy coat, "Common, we'll go find god-man. He'll fix you up."  Jesse wriggles into his coat and nods, mumbling something and following in search of Pobble.  And The Laurel and Hardy of the underworld wander off in to the night.