         Penthesilia comes in, out of the bitter nights cold. She's covered in ice crystals, and looks like she's spent half the night in an ally. She also seems relatively unaffected by those facts, heads straight to the cig machine  Penny immediately removes herself from the payphone/cig machine area, winces tight "Players pull-thing sticks," some advice, but don't mistake it for friendly chit-chat. Penny drags long on a palmed cigarette and eyes the phone like she's expecting it to ring.  Penthesilia nods, and grunts once. Clamping one huge fist with a flat palm, she applies a quick, sharp blow to the side of the machine, causing a pack of Lucky's to eject. Sighing with resignation, she sucks one of the cigs out, and lights it up with a battered Zippo. Sighing heavily, she murmurs, in a heavily accented voice. "Christ. Out of normals. Have to settle for shit now. Thanks for warning." She removes herself from the cig/phone alcove, and sits down on the stoop  Penthesilia pulls out a book, and opens it up, staring not at the pages, but at a note stuck between the pages. She studies it intently, but the look on her face suggests that she might burn holes in it if she had the ability. Something about the note irks the hell out of her.  Penny drops back into another half-lean on a stool. Wobbling on approximately three and a half legs, it holds Penny up but only just. It's so quiet in here, what with both doors closed, you can hear the cigarette burning down. Hiss and crackle. The air in here stagnant and unmoving, smoke halos her instead of expanding up. She keeps looking from the phone to the street, to the phone and every now and then over to you.  A bouncer peeks his head out the door, makes a kind of nod toward Penny "Still here," he observes.  She goes "Yeah. Still."  The bruiser, let's call a spade a spade, makes a such-is-life shrug and closes the door, the yellow sliver of light cut back out of the stoop.  Penthesilia claps the book shut with a *BANG* in one large palm, and places it back in the battered army duffle slung over her shoulder. Slowly bringing herself up to her feet, she shakes her hair out, the ice turning into dripping rivulets in the warm air. She frowns as her Lucky goes out, and spits it out indignantly. Turning on one heel, she stalks over to you; pissed...not at you, but pissed. Pray that she is kind to whomever it is. Tilting her head, she asks in a rough voice "Hoy...you mind if I ask quick question?"  And the pay-phone starts ringing. Just like that. It's a loud, stuttering ting-ting-ring noise. The pocked and rusty thing has just the kind of dimensions that speaks of unreliable hooks and receivers that fall dead, often.  Still smoking, Penny's eyes shift from the phone to the advancing shadow/brick-wall and quirks a brow "No, go ahead." She says this calmly, near serene like she has the patience of a saint.  Penthesilia remains motionless for the moment, eyes sliding over towards the phone, "That for you? Answer first, if you need."  The closer you get, the easier it is to see - Penny's eyes-like-saucers. It probably isn't possible for her to get up again. "Ladies first, hm?" She thinks she's funny. The corner of her mouth twitches a smile on and off.  Penthesilia contines her statue impression. There is just a faint cracking of knuckles, as a clenched fist barely moves against a massive palm. She trembles slightly, as if something inside continues to build with each ring until it finally reaches a crecendo. Moving faster than her bulk implies, she nearly rips the handset off the hook, and yells at the top of her lungs a stream of foreign obsenities. Sounds Arabic, or maybe Hebrew. When she hangs up the phone, her mood seems improved, taking a deep breath. "There. Better. Okay."  She pauses, and then finally remembers why she came here in the first place "Hey. You regular here? Know something about homeless person, killed near here, not long ago?"  ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Your phone (or possibly another nearby) rings if you are ICly anywhere near it. OOC: Type 'answer Chase' - or 'options' - if you have a coded cellular, or page Chase to reply. Note that those about you cannot hear this message and you may wish to rp the phone ringing. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Penny watches all this with placid awareness; like instances appearing through the water. She does not flinch or shrink at the violent gestures, nor is she surprised when not a second later the phone begins to ring again. It is persistant, it is hounding and demands a proper address. The system of levers and switches it takes to keep making the sound sound like they've begun to wind down, though. The ringing is also excessive and wastes the phone's precious reserves.  "Heard about something. Who's asking?"  The corners of her lips tug upward at that. "I am asking. You need name, you can call me Penni". Said with complete unawares of the amusing little situation Fate has just set up, in regards to the names people have.  Penny waits briefly for an answer but can't ignore the phone and can't endure another outburst. She tips off the stool, boots thumping across the tile, shuffling through butts and bottle caps toward the payphone.  (Directed into the phone) Penny says "You should be here," and her hand covers the end of the phone. She's talking to someone else now, a hard edge of suspicion underlining the question "You a cop?"   It starts with a few snorts, almost as if she were clearing her throat. It turns into a deep throated derisive laugh after a little more coaxing. "No. Am pissed off homeless woman who gonna beat shit out of man cops refuse to find."  (Phone) Chase is eating chips right into the receiver and being generous with the *crunching* noises. As such, it's several seconds before he's swallowed the mouthful of salty treats and is able to speak. And don't be dirty!   "What the shit girl. You in Afghanistan??"  Penthesilia grumbles "Fuckin' Republican, small dick. Think he can play Darwin."  (Directed into the phone) Penny tips her head that way, the cord of the phone twisting with that metal creak "Yes. God and I decided it was time to go walking through the motherfucking holy land during bombing season." You had that coming. "You know where I am. Just get here." Penny clicks her cellular to disconnect the call and hangs up.  Penthesilia smirks for a moment "It very overrated.  Penny hasn't looked away in the meantime. Her hand moves blindly, knowing the terrain of the phone, hooks it. These things all work the same way. "Yes, we agree. It wasn't meant to work out that way. But there was a m.." Penny stops.  Penny make a concious, visible effort to stop. But her mouth keeps moving at an incredible rate "..moment when one of those marys would've got on that cross /fo/ him and well. Something had to be done. You know how it is, always a man on top."  Abruptly this monologue changes. She lets go of the phone and tugs out another cigarette from the depth of a pocket. Doesn't light it, tucks it behind her ear. "Got a feeling they just don't know. They don't know a lot."  Penthesilia mmmms softly. Okay, maybe she can play with this delusion "Early Gnostic Christianity, used to be very female-run. Community groups. Matriarchy. Paul and others, put quick end to that. Now it all suck." She pauses for a moment, attention to get this train of thought to switch tracks "So what do you know, about person killing homeless?"  it's gone, the thread disappeared like so much smoke into the atmosphere. Her left hand touches briefly to the inside right. Penny keeps her hand there, holds or adjusts something hidden. "We only know what we see. There's a lot of /bad/ little boys running around this part of town. Ruins the atmosphere. Stick around this place long enough and you might see what I mean."  Chase walks in off the street. Chase has arrived.  As if on cue, Penthesilia looks over her shoulder at the man walking in through the doors. Penthesilia turns back to Penny, and mumbles softly "Yeah. Well. Thanks, anyhow."  Snow still on his shoulders, Chase walks in cursing the world in Spanish. That language not being associated with cold climates, it's little wonder he shows no outright love for the chilly weather. Boots stomp off some sludge as the thick man grooms his feet for indoor use. This is about the time his lazy gaze registers other forms.  Oh but he was expected. And he's no boy. Penny lifts some kind of elaborate, almost fingerless wave to Chase as he makes his presence felt, letting the wind blow in. She points two fingers to the left and smiles. With less obvious movement, Penny ticks the cigarette from behind her ear and extends it to him.  "I mean it. He thinks he's invincible. Needs to be put down, is what. Stick around," Penny searches pockets with her left hand, some slick damp trailing across her leather jacket.  "Tits."   That's for the cigarette that's needed to warm his soul. Chase can't help but to look up at Penny's new large friend. But it's a cursory glance, because what's more important than tall women right now, is FIRE! And out comes a zippo, orange flame's got the cure for what ails ya. It's held to the cigarette's business end as the thick fellow enjoys the first smoke of the new day... or is it?  Penthesilia tightens her jaw for a moment, pressing the small of her back against a nearby wall as she sits down on a rickety looking stool "Sound like you know him. Personal like."  Penthesilia blinks and suddenly tights, and if struck dumb. Like a bolt, she is on her feet, and barely manages to stammer out an explaination "Will be back. Emergency has come up." Penthesilia quickly stalks out of the bar, not even waiting for anyones reaction Penthesilia walks into the streets. Penthesilia has left.  "God tells me you're a treasure and wanted me to say thank you for last night. Well. I wanted to say thank you, he's just a gloryhound." Amazing she can deadpan that. Penny tugs Chase nearer by the pocket of his coat, her fingers move in and out, smuggling a cigarette from him. "Also. That kid with the mo's gonna buy it soon. Isn't he."  "Huh? Last night?" He's lost as to what he did last night besides mooch some of yer smack. Chase exhales as his boots scuffle towards Penny under the pull of her fingers. But he let's whatever it is that happened last night fly off into the abstract and moves on. "Who, Vulch? Dunno. I suppose if he keeps lettin' girls with lip piercings suck his arteries, he might. 'S not good for one's health, ya know." Tap tap. Ash onto the ground, to mix into the dirty snow.  "The ride, for the ride. Guy was," she moves her hand to her mouth, the index and middle spread and make a downward gesture and leaves it at that. "No see," pointing to the crumpled paper ontop of the stacks. It's folded open to and article about the dead homeless. "I think I remember he was asking around for hired hands. Worked for someone giving someone else the business."  Touching the cigarette to the corner of her mouth "Light me, hey?"  Duly, he does so. The zippo was still out, and snaps open again for a repeat performance. "Oh. Yeah." It's clear from his face, he's not a fucking clue. Chase turns back out into the snow day, vaguely spotting the large departing form of... well i'm not gonna repeat that unpronounceable name. But he thumbs back to her, "Sup' with the ogre?"  "Says her name's Penny. Wants a little payback." She inhales deep and moves smoke through every gesture "Sorry for that outburst, I couldn't stop her and god agreed it wouldn't be the wisest course of action to try and reason with her." It's all a bit more matter-of-fact than the Penny you're accustomed to. A little to everything's-alright eggs-in-one-basket.  "Penny meets Penny. Does that make you like... the mini-me in that relationship?" The zippo's finally tucked back away in one of Chase's bagillion pockets. There's some smoking going on, the thick dude peeks into the pool hall proper. "Let's get a drink, yo."  Penny tips off the stool again "Aight," follows you inside. "But no stick tonight. M'not so good with the leaning thing okay? More of the same slick appears on the stool's dark-stained wood and where she touches the doorframe. Chase opens the door leading to the pool hall and enters. Chase has left.  So then, scratch all that shite about snowy mornings 'n such. Because it's nighttime, yeah. Chase leads, he's good at that. Might even make a halfway decent Salsa dancer. Did I just say that? *vomit* Towards a table, he kicks at one of the chairs with a heavy boot and lets fly open the flaps of his long coat. Into the chair with a grunt, he's already eyeing the waitress.   "So then, I trust you fags got me note, eh?"  Penny drops into the chair, the study and won't fall apart chair, like a stone. Was she asleep? She keeps blinking, looking around. Huddling inside her coat, Penny slides her ass to the far edge of the chair so she's low. Inconspicuous.  "Yeah," like it's just coming back to her now, little enthused "yeah! That shit for reals?"  "Pffft?" Brows scrunch. "Of course it's real. Came from my ass." Cigarette still smoking, Chase is finally able to make eye contact with the waitress and it seems their table is high on the list of things to do for the working girl. After a lung's worth of inhaling, he turns back to Penny and talks more. "So then, whatcha gonna do 'bout it, is the question..."  Penny ashes to the floor, arm still extended ignoring the smoke "Oh come on," smothering a first response "It isn't a question, Chase.. " looking from right to left "..we'll be restoring things to their natural order." Tightly fisted, Penny ashes again and looks to the tabletop for a drink that isn't there yet. Nothing but wet rings and other people's napkins. "Simple."  A few silent nods, Chase understands. "'S about what I would do I suppose." And here comes Janet. Well, that might not be her name, but she bears an uncanny resemblance to Janet Dewitt from 'Three's Company.   "What can I getcha?" She asks, all sassy like. She may look like Three's Company, but she speaks like Flow from Alice.    "Bushmills on the rocks, please." Who knew Chase was capable of saying please. You turns to Penny as 'Janet/Flow' does, expectantly.   "And fer you, sugah?" Where the shit did she get a southern accent up here.  You say, "SoCo, beer chaser. Whatever's on tap" ending the order with a now-go-away tone. Penny isn't seeing the waitress, doesn't know whether she looks like Janet or Chrissy, fixed on the tabletop. Might put the waitress off a little but this isn't a place know for it's service, friendliness or particularly mild-mannered customers. Once she's gone, Penny picks up the thread again "Know where he lives?"  "Nu-uh. But that's not the problem, right? I mean, I could just trance out 'n finger his ass pretty easily." Chase responds, turning back from Janet/Flow to Penny/Penny. "or, get a mouse jockey on it. Ether way, that's not the hard part... Ya'll might get lip fer pulling something like that off. At least while the big cheese is in town. Might, ya know, wait till he takes his old ass away."  "That fuck's let him run around getting away with it. He can stick it in his /ass/ f'e don't like it. Shit, it really isn't a problem. Boy's got some fuckn'nerve."  Penny starts to shrug out of the leather jacket inches at a time, menaced by its sleeves and her side. Still low in the chair, she looks at her hand under the table, wipes it to the bottom no doubt across a sea of olf gum and gunk.  Chase smiles a bit, perhaps happy or amused with Penny's degree of angst. Ether way, it's a friendly response. "Fuckin' nerve, that he does. But the old stinker didn't know, or hadn't bothered to look into it. That's what boggles my shit." The cigarette is dyeing, and Chase sucks it's soul from the filter before gnashing it dead in the ashtray. And there's drinks, and talking, and more drinks, and smokes. And so ends another night with the dead enders of the world.