         **Stupid little scene. But Hana has been causing shit and I wanted to cover the bases ICly. The sad part is that this scene had to happen because of her OOC mouth. Anyhoo, it’s over shortly.**  Downtown - Parliament and Front E The downtown core can be seen in the horizon to the west. Here lie many of Toronto's old and abandoned warehouses. Fences set ten feet high with barbed wires interlacing the top portion guards this area closely. Despite the look of these dilapidated warehouses, this is a popular filming area for major motion pictures. The abandoned warehouses make a perfect location for many scenarios used in action movies and TV shows. Overhead, to the west lies the Gardiner Expressway where it joins with the major north-south highway, the Don Valley Parkway. To the west is the St. Lawrence Market and Union Station, while to the south is the docks to Lake Ontario.  This building is a moderate sized light industrial shop. The walls of this two-story building are well-made with cinder blocks and steel beams. There are no windows on the ground level, but a ring of soaped windows circle the building on the second level.  The building sits on an asphalt lot and is surrounded by a tall chainlink fence. Light poles on two, opposite, corners of the lot keep the area illuminated when it is dark outside.  You paged Alex with 'No doubt from your discussions with Hana, you are aware of someone matching Compton's description loitering outside your establishment from the electronic recordings. Well, he's back. Waving his arms over his head, obviously trying to get the camera's attention this time.'.  Compton knocks on the door marked .  Alex comes out of the light industrial shop by way of the service door. Alex has arrived.  Compton stands outside the fence in his heavy parka. The hood up against the gusting snow. Despite this the guys shivers, his lips blue. What kind of fool does this on an afternoon like this?  The service door to the shop opens and out step Alex. He crosses the lot surrounding the shop, stopping at the fence. "Need something,"he asks raising an eyebrow. Two other figures are standing in the open service door watching.  Compton nods shivering , "N-need to ex-explain... Little girl, yesterday." Compton says incoherently. Judging by the rose on his cheeks and the blearyness of his eyes, this outing is being fueled by some strong liquor. "I-I had the wrong place, h-honest. Lil slut tr-trying to ex-extort me."  "Wrong place?..."Alex queries with a single nod, accepting what Compton says but maybe not actually believing it just yet,"So,... which place /were/ you looking for?..."  Drawing a large hand from the parka's pocket he points westwards, "Over t-ther by tha u-university." he shivers throught the words. "G-got directions wrong." Compton continues to explain, obviously relived that you at least understand him.  Compton unzips his parka a little and draws a 26'r from inside and takes a belt of the brown fluid before continuing. The liquor seeming to warm him a little, he points at several other building in the area, "I check all of those actually. Was just dumb luck I ran in to that whore here. I wouldn't even had known who or what was here if she hadn't tried to threaten me with... well, you guys." He really seems to be talking from the heart. Why else would someone walk out here in a bizzard and try to convince a stranger, tha there was nothing wrong, when nothing was wrong to begin with.  "Really?..."Alex says not really seeming to pay much attention to which direction Compton points in, though that is so hard to tell with those shades. He starts to turn to head back inside but then stops,"Oh... I understand that Hana has expressed interest in your group?..." he asks tilting his head slightly.  "Hana?" Compton asks. "That's the hookers name is it? Well, I guess so. Hana seems to think I owe her money. She's fucked up." and tucks the bottle back inside his coat and zips back up. "Sorry for any misunderstanding, man." he adds in a neighborly fashion. It doesn't come off very well, and he looks uncomfortable doing it, like he's not used to 'patching things up' as it were.  The quarter finally drops in to the slot, and Compton blinks, saying the words over again to himself, "Wait, what kind of interest?"  "Yeah. Hana,"Alex says with a single nod,"The young lady that was looking to talk to your friend Dr. Adler."  Compton nods, squinting as a particularly hard gale of wind blows snow in to his face, "Alright. Thanks."  Alex turns and head across the lot and back into the shop, through the service door. Alex opens the heavy steel service door and step into the light industrial shop.