         Derelict Home - Main Room   The inside of this empty home is still relatively intact compared to large patches of missing paint and exposed concrete of the exterior. It’s the interior of a two story, unfurnished house, in fair condition. A modestly composed structure, there's a kitchen, a den, two bathrooms, and two bedrooms upstairs. The small imperfections are covered with fresh paint, the smell still strong in the air. Apparently just waiting for new occupants. Hard wood floors and an off white do this residence nicely. Though judging by the outside, this house might've been waiting for a long time. There's no lights, though it's not hard to spot the lack of furniture. It's lone piece, a mattress perhaps left by squatters in the living room.  Compton stomps in from the cold, holding a six pack of Coors up in the air as offering to the A/V gods that are currently scrutinizing him. "Come bearing gifts." he grumbles to the darkness.   It's an intercom voice. You know from previous visits that the whole house is wired, all patched into the underground sanctum. "Tits. 'S open..."  Nearby, a male voice shouts, "As in, come on down..."  Compton nods and grins up at the corner where assumes that there is a camera and goes on his way, leaving wet foot prints behind.  You go down the stairs. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Compton has left. Derelict House - Kitchen   Beneath two stories, lies a basement with all the common amenities. However, it's been converted into a semi living space.   In one corner, a boiler and heater stand, though only function down here. The fuse box is also configured to power the subterranean portion of this structure. A washer drier are next, and a small makeshift sink. All four walls have been padded with heavy insulating material and wires run down from key holes in the ceiling. A few bundles are strapped together, feeding into a video network system. Four screens sit at a small square table, flashing camera feeds from strategic points outside and inside the house above. A reclining chair, made of brown leather, encircled with ashes and empty beer bottles on the hard cement floor. A TV sits atop another broken TV, its wires arranged to split off the block's main cable system.    To the far wall, a long table has been set up, stacked with a variety of chemical compounds and mixing material. Everything from begin base liquids, to corrosive acids stored in chem-hazard tanks. A myriad mix of beakers, vials, and test-tubes line the shelves above. Gloves, goggles, tongs, all things a junior mad scientist would need to conquer the world. Some larger steel drums of chemicals are stored under the table, and some electronic chem-analysis equipment blinks an occasional red flash.   And finally, set along the length of the large basement, seems to be a make-shift firing range. Shell casings litter the floor at one end, opposite from a large reinforced steel door dimpled with a thousand bullet dents. The remains of a tattered paper target hang on the door. Over it, a picture of Ronald McDonald.   Contents: Chase  Compton enters. Wearing his old parka still, but gone is that lame Santa's cap. In it's place is a wide cut on his forehead and he moves stiffly like his back is bothering him. He doesn't look happy - well, not that he ever did but something seems to be bothering him above and beyond the surface crustiness he usually projects. "Thanks." he says simply.  Chase, Chase and more Chase. "Oi." In unison everyone. There's one in the leather chair watching Bewitched on the tube. And two at the lab table with protective eye wear working in tandem with soldering irons. The two at the table wear lab coat, and despite chiming in with the greetings, their work ethic is diligent. Some sort of electronic device seems to be the object of their attention, fashioned into a collar of sorts.   Lazy Chase is the one who continues speaking though. "Sup neegro?" Joint burning nearby.  Compton gawks. No really, his mouth fucking drops to the floor and his beady eyes bug out of their sockets. So, he tries what anyone would do and grinds his free hand in to his eyes trying to clear them of the multiple vision he's suddenly experience.  That fails.  But Compton is a part of the College with talking monkeys and whatnot. He quickly just accepts this amount of weirdness as okay, but shoots it a dirty look as if saying, 'Okay. I'll accept this. For now. Just don't push it.' and gingerly steps through, pulling Coors cans from the plastic rings, depositing them by the Chase's on his way through until he gets to Lazy Chase and hands over the last one.   "I, er... Sorry. Shoulda brought more." he dead pans.  "Oh! Silver Fuckin Bullet." Lazy Chase lurches from his slumped position to accept the offering. "Fuckin' A man. Gracias." The others smile, but continue working. Registering the slight shock to Comps, an affirmation. "Don' worry, I guzzle 'n they get twisted."   At that, one of the working Chases shows the room his middle finger, before connecting some wires to an injection system.  "Where the hell you keep findin' Coors up here, cabrone? Can't get this shite anywhere, really. All the liquor stores 'r full up with micro-brews 'n whatnot..."  Compton says in a matter of fact kinda way, "Ya know - that hand thing the College kids do? Well, everytime they do that shit ya gotta hand over a smoke. I don't smoke see? And at $9 a pack they can get stuffed if they think I'm buying the good stuff. I know some Wahoo's who smuggle stuff across the lake, like cheap ass cigarettes. They bring beer too. Yankie beer. No one else I know likes it though - so it ain't no big thing."  *SNAP* There goes the first foamy beer. Hola Hiro, you salty dog. Here's the situation. (Parents are gone on a three week vacation)   There's the chair. In the chair is one Chase, wearing a 7-11 shirt and opening a Coors from the heard that Comps just brought in. At the lab table, there are in fact, two more Chases. They seem to be working on some electronic device without pause.   Lazy Chase, the one in the chair watching Tabitha Stevens in Bewitched, is smiling a kid's grin to Comps. Tickled as fuck to have some Coors up in his shit. "Nice." he says between gulps. "Like my coyotes. But different product."  Compton shuffles his feet a little looking down, suddenly becoming more uncomfortable, "I can get you as much as ya like, but I... Um..." okay, now he just looks like an idiot. Breaking ice like this obviously is pain for the big guy. "I gotta ask you a fave." he says bluntly.  "Anyone who brings me Coors, gots one coming." Healthy swig. "'S on yer mind, cabrone?" Lazy Chase leans forwards a bit for the answer.  Compton idly touches the gash on his head and stalks away agitated, before turning back a few more steps. He sighs, and dumps his parka on top of a crate. "Okay. Is like this see?" he starts all high strung, "Ya hangout with this street kids, tough kids like Penny, right? And they kinda look up to ya..." ya okay, in Comptons mind anyways "And ya feel pretty tough yerself. Being able to blow shit up by tweaking the formulae of the machine and shit."  "But then some shit happens, and ya find yerself on yer ass in the street ready to load your drawers and there's nothing you can do about it until Penny shows up to save yer ass, again." he looks down at his beer gut ashamed. What a fucking pathetic sight. Someone shoot him already.  Perhaps lacking the sympathy gene, Chase doesn't get it yet. But he's just downing beer watching Comp's monologue instead of Bewitched. One of the worker bees behind the lazy one, prompts for more info.   "Whatcha talkin' 'bout?"  Compton sucks it up, that big fucking baby, "Got my ass kicked by at 16 yr old slant hooker." Yup. That's gotta sting anyones ego. "I want ya to train me." There, he said it finally.  "Can't go to one of the kids." Compton syas, "It'd destroy my image." Uh huh. There it is again, but whatever. We're all delusional in our own ways.  "Oh." Lazy Chase sets the beer down and takes one final drag of his dwindling joint. "Ok." See? That wasn't overly hard. "Ummmm, lemme see whatcha got first, eh?" At that, the thick man stands. One of the worker bees grabs something from the shelf and hands it to lazy. A pill of course, and they work together with one mind judging by the precision of movements. "Wanna kick my ass? Make ya feel better, mebbe. Good way ta judge yer skills to."  Chase pops the pill, and feels no pain.  Compton arches a brow at this one, and visibly swallows (GULP), "Well, okay..." he says with no assurance, and starts to unbutton his freaky shirt and strips down to a wife beater. The slabs of fleshy meat on his arms and chest fully exposed there. He's got the mass, just no tone. He balls up his fist and puts his guard up, spreading his feet, classic boxers pose. "You ready?" he asks with a little more conviction.  Steps into the dungeon proper, Chase makes sure he's not near anything dangerous for this. No stance, no hint of readiness. Just some beer wiped from his lips and a sniffle.   "Ya, ok. Let's have it then..." He doesn't have the posture of someone who's about to dodge a punch or get hit squarely.  Compton shuffles forward and throws a right aiming to beak Chase on the nose. Pretty good form.  Robotically, Chase head snaps back with the right cross. No blood. No flinching. No hint of discomfort. But a sniffle. He takes a step to his left, nose twitching. "Eh, ya the form's alright. Let's have another." Slack fucker.  Compton grins, loosening up. He shuffles his feet again, flinches to one side (okay, now he's getting silly) and throws another right at Chases midriff.  Fist meets flesh, Comps can feel a wall up muscle under the punk's shirt. This time Chase doesn't react as much, as the force is absorbed in his mass. "More." He's not even moving. 'S like a human punching bag with an out-dated haircut.  Compton is breathing a little heavier now, a light sheen of sweat showing up on his bald head, he nods simply and let’s fly with a left right combo.  "Ow! Fuck!" Compton hops back shaking and nursing his left wrist.  Well the first strike was completely off. Despite landing, it just glances off the side of Chase's face. Chalk it up to the sweat. The second at least, manages to draw a few drops of blood from his nose. The punk's head is thrown this way, then that way, in the succession of blows. A sniffle, no pain.   "You alright there?" Concern for Comp's wrist.  The slight cut Comps opened up on the bridge of Chase's nose, closes like a fleshy ziplock bag about a few seconds after impact. It leave the faintest of lines, though a few drops of blood still splatter his cheek and upper lip.  Compton grumbles, working the pain out of his hand, "Yeah... bad wrist. You alright?"  A shrug. No gash. No pain. "'Course." Chase says, as if that's a commonly known fact. "I'm uh... I got somethin' in me." Is all the explanation he offers for the self sealing skin he wears.   "Solid blows. Gotta work on yer conditioning 'n mebbe aim. But the form's there."  Compton nods, still huffing a little, he shambles over to a nearby Coors can and helps himself. Good for what ails ya. "Thanks." he says with some surprise, " Lil cunt was fast though. I never even got a chance to do anything."  "Yeah well, slants usually are. We'll get into some proper sparring next time if ya want." Lazy Chase walks over to reclaim his thrown of slack.  "That'd be cool." The old guy says, turning and retriving his shirt he starts to redress himself. "I'll give ya call."  ~FIN~