         From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah says simply "We don't need to talk do we? I mean, to communicate, we can talk with our hands right?" From Derelict Home - Main Room, Keeping his voice low Dar glances over the party, looking over to Micah once and nodding, "These Mages. They use spells and such?" He makes a motion to his lips as if thinking about them speaking these 'spells'. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Dean has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah nods From Derelict Home - Main Room, "They fuck shit up." Vulture hisses low, flooding blood into his veins to strengthen his limbs and his skin. Both knives are held easily at his sides, "Can bring fire'n sunlight without even wavin' a wand." Wow, how does he know all this cool stuff. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon slips quietly and discretly into the building from the second story, descending from the roof into the building with a practiced ease. The room is pitch black and dark (I'm assuming. No one is setting the scene here) but his small glowing eyes reveal everything behind his sunglasses, and he moves to press himself flag against the wall. (I'm assuming ALOT here) From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim looks to Micah, nods, and the idea passes clearly between the two clan mates. Quiet will be the word of the day. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim slips into the shadows, obsuring himself from others sight and mind. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Takes a few steps into the shadows, and doesnt seem to step back out... From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Dichotic eyes slip back and forth as Vulture watches his comrades disappear. Yup, he's left in plain sight. Gripping the handles of the knives tighter, he lets out a whispered sound of exasperation, "Fuuuuuuuuuck." From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon slides along the wall to the edge of the door frame. He waits there for a while, listening carefully. Not having to breathe comes in handy in these sort of situations, to pick out those who do. Not hearing anything (I'm assuming again), He slowly pokes his head around, and takes stock of the very empty hallway. Its very empty alright. He slides into the hallway, crouching low along the ground and slowly stalks to the next room, every muscle twitched. His strnage furry ears twitch a bit when he hears some cussing from down below, and he takes note of it. God damn scrub. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Into his own form of stealth mode, the Birdman crouches low to the floor of the room. His eyes scan the corners and he swallows, perhaps for the last time, before he holds his breath - no point in doing anything in the slightest... well... besides what he's done... to make noise. Arms cocked, knives pointing out the bottom of his grip, he advances towards the stairwell. Nice and slow. Of course, he doesn't know where anyone else is, which gives his movements a lack of definition. Almost seeming nervous. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon slowly rights himself, and moves over to the next closed door in the hallway, pressing up flat against the wall yet again. His powers of deception aren't as advanced some, but if remains still enough he becomes practicly invisible. He uses this to his advantage as he listens to any sounds from beyond the next door. Nothing (Assumption!). He waits even longer, and then ever so slowly taps the door open. It makes a slow creeking sound as it opens, and reveals more nothing. From Derelict Home - Main Room, At the creak that whispers down from upstairs, the Toreador shifts his position. He doesn't have animal ears, but damn is his hearing sharp. For a moment he just looks up at the ceiling - then remembers where Simon went. Centering himself he looks down the stairs and then lets out his breath nice and slow. With one tenative step he puts his foot on the first stair - preparing to descend into what could be the gates of hell for all he knows. Wicked blades held at the ready. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon suddenly appears creeping down the stairwell, quiet as a mouse, but highly visable to anyone who can see. Well, if you can see in the dark. He holds up a hand to Vulture, and motions to him that the upstairs is clear. Sabbat hand signals are alot like the ones the Navy Seals use, just alot cooler. His eyes scan the room, and then he signs, "Clear?" From Derelict Home - Main Room, One good hand signal; Vulture pops two big thumbs up after he manages to avoid shitting his pants at Simon's appearance. Of course, he's not quite able to have a bowel movement... but the look in his eyes says 'Simon, you utter BASTARD!'. Then he points with both index fingers down the stairs and gives a shrug of his shoulders - Should I go down? Seems to be his question.  Back to the comfort of the leather chair. Chase returns, more goodies. He's going scar-face tonight, eh? Another handful of capsules are procured from a tin on the lab table and they get crunched right after the punk spits his green gum out. He's need his jaw muscles for a few minutes. Crunch, munch, bunch, a yellowy foam builds at the side of his lips. Eyes roll back, he wipes his lips.   After a moment or two of steady delirium, "Oi. Cheeky, rude little faggots. Got a few foxes 'n the hen house... Dead ones."  From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon motions for the big brute to hold. He then does the feasibly insane, and slowly creeps down to the door to the basement and repeats the same proceedure as up above. He attempts to take notice of any tripwires and what not, but you can never prepare enough for this sort of thing. When he arrives at the bottom of the stairs, he pauses and holds completely still. If you weren't stairing at him before, you don't see him now. And he listens.  Pobble sits up, ears almost twitching. "Crapweasels." he murmers hazily. Again the foot to the Monkey. "Oi. Dave. Maybe you should pop sideways and tell the other cunts to get the hell out of Dodge. But away from here." He smirks, sitting up and wobbling a little, tapping his silver fingernails together with a metallic 'thwink'.  Shifting of the surfaces could indicate that Dr Steve is looking about, for something maybe.  From Derelict Home - Main Room, Vulture wanted to be the first one to go down! The huffy look he gets on his face says so. Resigned to being the less cool of the pair that are visible, the Birdman begins his descent behind his Packmate, blades held at the ready; set to rend flesh with his sharp, metal, instruments. Not surgeon's steel... but he's going to do some damage if he manages to hit someone. Each step is calculated as he places it on each stair. Slowly slipping down behind Simon without a peep. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon doesn't hear anything (Assumption). He then holds up 3 fingers in the air, initating a simple countdown. He then slowly grabs ahold of the door nob, and looks up the stairwell at Vulture. The last thing he does before he starts the countdown is wink, fangs and red eyes gleaming. Yeeeeehaw!  "Got some Windex and Lysol mate?" says Dr Steve after a second.  "Mmmmmm." Chase starts to look around as his eyes open again. "Yeah. Prolly. Somewhere... mebbe I should just give all a mental nudge, eh Dave don't gotta worry his furry lil' ass over this..."  From Derelict Home - Main Room, Taking note of the three count, Vulture almost seems to vibrate with excitement. Women all over the world would... uh... nevermind. Flowing his vitae into his nerve centres he prepares to move quick as a whip. Blades held at the ready. Its GO time.