         Part 3. Wouldn't let me do it as one.   From Derelict Home - Main Room, There is a rustle, and the sound of footsteps as Micah steps out from the shadows... From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah has arrived.  Chase turns his head before a response is forthcoming. "Oi. The bunker. There's a spirit in there, eh? That's how they found this pad. Doc Steve." The punk gains a moment of froathy clearity. "Yer good with them spirit types, right?"  Pobble moves to his feet, ignorant of the new arrivals and mozies over to the kitchen area. Fumbling about underneath he grabs a bucket, places it upright next to the cupboard. "Not a clue mate, That'd be Penny.." Looking into the cupboard he queries, "Think we can drop off a present?"  From Derelict Home - Main Room, Eventually, Karl appears, coming in from back outside. "Somehow, they've... escaped. Or hidden themselves. We may as well go home." From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah shrugs "Course we could always burn this sucker down...that way the night wasn't a total waste"  Chase makes a face, and turns to the bunker door again, fingering his cleft chin. "What ta do, eh?"  From Derelict Home - Main Room, A sillouetted outline appears at first. Fuzzy, indistinct, as if your mind is attempting to wrap itself around the existance of whatever it is. The cobwebs of the Obfuscate are shaken from the mind as Darjims hold on the blood is released, giving him shape and form. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim has arrived. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Slightly behind and beside Karl comes a gigantic swirling mass of obtenebration, the head is translucent so determining who it is might be more then alittle difficult, arms of blackness writhing and twitching like snakes as they remain at his, it's, sides. One could safely assume the shadow monster is Dean.  Pobble waggles his fingernails. "Nitro G." he says, and begins to pour random household products into the bucket.  From Derelict Home - Main Room, "I don't think they'd notice, honestly," Karl notes, with a shrug. "I have my ideas. We may just tell their friends a few more things about them, and what they did tonight, and see if that gets them dealt with. But me, I'm going home." From Derelict Home - Main Room, A frown flows over the lips of the Birdman, "What... you mean, they aren't downstairs at all?" His hands twirl the blades he's carrying around a couple of times. His eyes slip from Karl, to shadowy Dean, back to Karl again, "So... like... this whole thing was for nothing?" Yup, that's disappointment, folks. Another twirl, and he slides the blades into hidden sheathes on his legs. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah puts his Kukri back in his pants, and says "Well, fuck it, I aint all for messing with things I don't understand anyway." He looks around to his packmates "Whatdaya say we go chase one of those rickshaw thingies down and do something wrong with it?" From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim glances around the room carefully after coming out of the shadows, his own blade getting replaced in it's sheath around his back. He says nothing, his eyes scanning the room slowly before they fall on the exit. It would appear that it is time to leave then. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon is right by the door to the basement, counting down 3 fingers. Appearantly the kids were still in the process of clearing the building. He frowns, and stands upright. He removes his hand from the knob, and moves up the stairs with a sulk. His claws remain extended, and he glances over at Vultrue. "Pup, what are you doing? Someone is going to die tonight for all this trouble. I don't care who anymore." His voice is more on a growl, and with that he stalks out the door. You get the sense he's going to kill the first 3 people he sees. Its been that sort of night, and conversation isn't going to sate this bloodlust. From Derelict Home - Main Room, "They moved, somehow. They were there, and then they were not there." That is all Karl has to say. "And they're probably beyond our reach now. I'm simply going home. I'll deal with the later." That said, he simply starts on his way out. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim shrugs and as well moves out of the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim leaves the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Darjim has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah just shakes his head "Im going to get a fucking cup of coffee...and throw it at someone..." From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah leaves the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Micah has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, "Pup?" Vulture mutters indignantly as Simon stalks away. With a frown on his lips he gives the Gangrel a nickname, too, "Cock!" Then he lets out a snarl, and notes his whole pack is buggering off, and heads out after them with a brisk movements, "Guys... hang on... I got an idea..." Oh yeah, like the punk has anything worthwhile in his head.  You say, "Its the perfect gift." He stops, looking into the bucket and pondering. This doesn't last as Windex and Lyson have a somewhat overpowering smell, causing him to step back. Wobbly. Looking over to see Dave still lying on the floor, Dr Steve sighs. "You useless fuck.""  From Derelict Home - Main Room, Vulture leaves the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Vulture has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon leaves the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Simon has left.  Chase says, "Airy thingy... just whispin' about in the bunker still. Mebbe we should give P-Diddy a call, eh? 'Fore we come out. Get her to banish this lil' bugger."  From Derelict Home - Main Room, Karl leaves the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Karl has left. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Dean leaves the house. From Derelict Home - Main Room, Dean has left.  Pobble is still recoiling from the noxious clean smell of the bucket, and just manages to lift it up and pour the contents down the sink. No one seems overly impressed with his drug addled plan and it sucks the motivation out of him. He stands there, bucket upturned and wobbling for a few moments. "Go 'head" he mumbles, dropping the bucket noisily and lighting up a new smoke.