         Daisy shows video of the streetlight rave.  --  “Seems pretty fuckin' amenable to the giant airship over there," Daisy comments sourly, gesturing toward Team Ether's research station in the far distance. "If it's sentient, and I ain't talking about Tweedledum and Tweedledee the guardian spirits, then I can't imagine it would mind us not getting our feet wet. And if it does, then fuck it, 'cause these boots cost me sixty whole bucks and I'll be damned if I'm buying new ones just to traipse around in Fairyland."  As though to make her point, Daisy stabs the plug at the dirt a second time. This only provokes a shower of sparks punctuated by short bolts of violet electricity. She swears incoherently at the ground, kicking at the smouldering bits of grass and leaf kicked up by the discharge.  "Motherfucking shit eating god damn ...", she begins, then breaks off. "... oi, Keene. Is the Frozen North run on 110 or 220 volts?"  "110," says Keene. "220 is Europe. You can tell because they have funny-looking plugs."  Standingwater mumbles something about needing a blowgun and waves a hand dismissivly. The reeds revert back to grass. "Things are slowing down. Maybe someone should go sit in the chair."  "If it'll afford me some kind of /rest/, then fuck yeah," Alyx mumbles, in response to Standingwater's comment.  Connelly laughs,"I don't think anyone is *THAT* bored, Standingwater..."  Standingwater unlings the bow from his back and stretches out on the ground. "Well, I'm not doing it again. It sucked last time."  Alyx nnghs. "Anyone got paper 'n a pen?" she inquires, sitting up groggily. "Something I need t'do before I collapse. I'll forget otherwise."  Above the outlet, in block script, Daisy writes: 1 1 0. The sympathetic magick appears to actually work this time: when she plugs in the television, it springs to vibrant Technicolor life, painting the faces of the onlookers pale grey.  "Fuckin' A," she says proudly, hitting the 'play' button on the VCR. "It works."  The screen goes blue.  Standingwater rests the bow across his chest. "Can't help you. I left my pack in the Jeep. Too busy herding you safely here to remember to pick it up."  Kasui has arrived.  Connelly looks up and waves to Kasui!  "Hurray," monotones Keene, moving over to sit down on the cold, grass-covered Earth to watch whatever tape Daisy has decided to play.  As Kasui crests the hill, Daisy, Keene, Connelly, Standingwater, and Alyx are gathered around a television plugged into the grass. The television is turned on.   You're fairly sure there was no outlet there last time you checked.  In any case, a faint, blurry image springs up seconds after she turns it on. Toronto natives will recognize it as the downtown financial center. Hiro and Daisy -- or, rather, Hiro and Daisy shaped blurs -- are gathered around a junction box next to a traffic light. They appear to be mumbling to each other, but the microphone only picks up static and distant honking.  Standingwater grumbles about the damned machines destroying the art of storytelling. Yeesh. Lighten up.  Like a memory set adrift like bit of wood upon a stream, memories of a time long ago yet seemingly just beyond reach, Kasui flows into view clad like somone straight from the Meiji. Her voluminous oceanic blue hakama sway like waves about her legs as her zori-sandaled feet barely make a whisper upon the grass. The long topknot of a samurai flows down her back in an almost noble fasion as those midnight tresses ripple like liquid midnight. Left hand resting lightly upon th epommel of her clansword she pauses at the sight ahead of her and tilts he rhead to the side in abject curiosity...  Alyx flops down against the grass once more. Pen and paper be damned, she's sleeping now that Jamaia has quit throwing things at her.  Connelly blinks at Kasui, and smiles......  Keene rather blandly watches TV. Very slightly, as the minutes pass, his expression moves from neutral to a sense of impending doom.  Time passes. After a bit, Daisy hits fast-forward.  Daisy-in-the-video smokes one cigarette, and then another, and then another. She sits down on her toolbox, then she stands up. She throws something in the garbage. She spraypaints something on the ground, then disappears with Hiro -- who has completed whatever electronic work he was doing inside the junction box -- out of the frame.  The camera turns off.  Apparently several minutes later, Daisy reappears, half out of frame, eating a McDonalds cheeseburger in the back of a moving van. The camera is focused out the window. Time passes. All hell breaks loose.  There's cheering from inside the van -- Daisy screaming an incoherent and staticky 'fuck yeah!', Hiro giving a peace sign to the camera -- and at first it's not obvious what's happened. Then the camera focuses: two Cadilacs have T-boned in the middle of the intersection. Other cars are desperately trying to get around them. Most end up on the sidewalk. In the distance, outside the car, tinny techno music plays.  The music is playing in time with the blinking of the streetlights, which have altogether abandoned their appointed function and now simply provide a light show.  Keene stares in numb horror at the screen as Hiro and Daisy bring about several traffic accidents and general carnage. He knows enough about their modus operandi to know what they did, and how. He groans, putting his head in his hands, yet continues to smoke. He does this a lot.  Standingwater pulls the flute out of his hat band and plays along as best he can with the music on the tape. Not a bad effort.  Daisy-in-the-Realm and Daisy-in-the-video simultaneously proclaim, "That shit was rad," but Daisy-in-the-Realm adds, "for being totally wasted out of my mind. Shit. Just wanted to see what I did this morning."  She tilts her head, looks sidelong at Keene, and rubs at the stubble underneath her bob. She lets out a short burst of nervous laughter.  "Lookit that," she says to Standingwater, stabbing the tip of her wand in his direction. "Lookit that. Fuckin' technology in action, man. Try to get two moose to crash into each other at thirty miles per hour using less than ten dollars in equipment. Impossible, that's what it is."  Connelly laughs,"Daisy...Jamaia gould probably do that with less amount of equipment....  Standingwater sets down his flute and cranes his head back so he can look at Daisy, "Actually, I can do it without equipment. Just crank up their hormones to mating season levels."  Sandled feet whisper about the edges of the gathering as Kasui unobtrusively takes a few fluid paces forwards. Pausing again, she focuses upon the screen for a few moments and shakes her head noncommittaly.  Connelly smirks,"Now..please explain something to me Daisy....what purpose does that serve other than injuring sleepers, the very people we are trying to protect? How does that turn back the technocracy, bring wonder back to just one or two more people?"  Standingwater sets down his flute and cranes his head back so he can look at Daisy, "Actually, I can do it without equipment. Just crank up their hormones to mating season levels."  Alyx sleeps. Ever-so quietly....she dosen't snore, fidget, twitch or talk. Sleeping like a baby.  Keene smokes, head in his hands. It takes him a while to reconstruct his thought patterns to address this new self-inflicted disaster. He lifts his head, ashing his cigarette, and looks at Daisy flatly. "So," he says. "Why?"  Daisy fixes Connelly in an are-you-a-fucking-idiot? stare. The corners of her mouth twitch with irritation. A lesser version of the same glare is reserved for Keene.  "I'm sorry. I guess you didn't get the part where we ruined a shitload of mass-produced cars, exposed a bunch of idiot suits to some badass beats and general wonder, disrupted the financial heart of Canada for, hell, I dunno, four hours, and generally made it harder for people to go about their jobs making the world more boring?" She grins. On the sharp features of her face, it only makes her look like a rat. "Do you want me to rewind to that part?"  All Keene wanted was a rationale. He is remarkably permissive of this kind of behavior just so long as some sort of justification is given for it. Wonton, rampant destruction for its own sake is intolerable; wonton, rampant destruction for some Fight Club-style end is slightly more acceptable.  "Yeah, run it back," the suited Hermetic says. "Hopefully Chase comes by; I think this is up his alley."  Connelly sighs,"No, Daisy Incrutable, I do not think you understand..." She looks straight at the woman,"Yes..you ruined a bunch of cars...and did allt hat stuff....but...by doing so, you *HARMED* sleepers. I did not say make the world more interesting..I mean..have you ever looked into a child's eyes as he or she watched a street magician? Before you awoke, did you ever see something that made you feel a sort of sense of awe at the vastness of things?"  Kasui 's sad eyes settle for a moment on Daisy, a strange intensity within her gaze, before she simply shakes her head again and wanders onwards. She does not speak her opinion on the matter, she does not speak at all. She, simly, gives Connelly a brief nod and walks away thoughtfully.  Standingwater pinches the bridge of his sizable nose. "No point in preaching at her, Jane. She's the type to do it again just to spite you. And though I don't approve of the method, I do applaude the fact that she got out and actually did something. Unlike most of the worthless sacks of shit around here who are too busy fucking or whining to be bothered with accomplishing something."  "Unless you got some kind of magic wand that shoots rainbows and fairytales, I figure this is the best way to deal with them," Daisy comments, scratching behind her ear. Just in case, she taps the rewind button with the point of her toe. The crash runs by again in slow motion. "This effects everyone. This makes it just a little bit harder to do the dirty work of fucking over everything that matters. This ain't 'a child's eyes'. These are cold, stupid old men with hearts made of ashes and dust. They're the same cold, stupid old men that run the Hermetic Order --"  She turns her gaze toward Keene, shooting him a poisonous gaze. Shut up, it says. Don't argue with me.  "-- and they're the same cold, stupid old men that run the Chorus. And they're the same cold, stupid old men that run the Union and keep anyone, everyone, from getting getting that connection. Well, fuck children. /Fuck/ children, you stupid mick bitch. They're getting stomped out faster in every generation, and the fucking old men will win no matter how hard you try, because they're smarter than any of us -- smarter than anyone who still cares."  Connelly frowns,"Terrorism doesn't work...."  Somewhere on the plain, a box was left. The box was cold, silent and still.  Now it rumbles, and... well, it seems to belch. There's scrabbling against the inside of the top and then it pops open, spewing out the suited monkey and dress wearing doctor. From the looks of him, he doesn't look like it’s been an uncomfortable few hours in the box. He looks well rested, with a crusty coating of blood over his features. Reaching back into the box he pulls a cigarette from within, and looks across the grass for anyone nearby.  "Got you sheepfuckers a country, now din't it," Daisy snaps at Connelly.  Connelly points to Pobble,"Heck...ask him how much terrorism made him sympathize with the cause of an Ireland free from british rule."  Connelly shakes her head,"Yes, it got us a country..but it did not get us a nation...we are still fragmented, and...we are still at each others throats because of the terrorism used to force the brits to yield even a slight bit back to the people who should have always had it.  Pointed at already. Typical.  He looks to the source of the accent being levelled at him, and heads across after leaning down to light the monkey's fresh cigar.  "I don't give a flying fuck about British Rule to be honest.." Pobble looks a little confused, "Don't really mind terrorism either, as long as its directed the right way. ie. Away from me." He stops again, lighting his own cigarette. "I just find Irish people abrasive. Scrounging bastards." He pauses, adding "Bless their hearts." as if this makes it all okay.  "Bless their hearts," Daisy agrees.  Dave the Monkey says, "I'm Irish, you prick.". He throws a monkey fist at Pobble's leg as he says this. The Doctor stops and looks down at the monkey.  "No you ain't you twat." is the reply, and the blue haired, dress wearing, bloody faced tranny flicks ash at the suited cigar smoking monkey.  Keene glances across Pobble's features once he gets to his feet, noticing the blood. In an easy movement, he offers him three Wet Naps he snagged from some restaraunt from a back pocket. He says nothing, thinking now would be a good time not to draw too much attention to himself.  Pobble flashes a big fat grin at Keene and accepts the offering, "Cheers mucka." He hands one off to Dave who looks at it, and then throws it over his shoulder. "Wotcha?" he asks, presumably to Keene.  Connelly sighs, and stands up,"Well....I see you are young, still motivated by anger rather understanding...Tell, Miss Incrutable, do you have any family you care about? For your sake, I hope the answer is no...because...I have seen first hand what it is like to lose and almost lose someone you care about to terrorism.....  "Same old story," says Keene to Pobble in reply. He's just going to stay out of the crossfire between Connelly and Daisy. "Daisy and Hiro caused several car accidents today. They have it on tape." He gestures at the TV. "It's caused something of a stir. It's not nearly so bad as that /one/ time." What that may be remains a mystery. A dark look begins to gather on Pobble's features. The blue haired freakish boy's sunny demeanor slowly sinking into darker looks.  "Yeah, I saw. They taped it from the Hummer." he murmers at Keene, still staring at Connelly.  "The thing you forget, is that you're talking about religeon. Poxy religeon and occupation. That's nothing.. it means nothing. We're talking about war on a greater metaphysical scale. Ascension isn't a dream, it's a fucking struggle that many people seem to have forgotten."  Dave the Monkey nods solemnly, then takes a big toke on the cigar. "Oi, Pobs you freak. Take this a mo." Dr Steve takes the cigar, and the monkey runs back to the cardboard box, diving inside and rumaging.  "Actually, I don't fuckin' know who I lost or for what reason," Daisy says offhandedly, jamming her hands into the central pocket of her hoodie. Her poisonous glare turns back to Connelly. "You lost someone you care about. I'm sheddin' a single tear for you right now, honey. We all lose people."  Her sneer has turned into something virtually feral, and her hands ball into tight fists inside her jacket.  "It don't turn all of us into cowards."  Connelly shakes her head,"It is a struggle for the hearts and minds of the Sleepers, though...the way you two are fighting the war...we might as well just kill all sleepers....Try something different...try working with sleepers instead of doing things to harm them..it may not be completed in our life time...but...neither did the Technocracy's getting the strangle hold it has....  Connelly sighs.."In fact, The technocracy started by working the same way, I do believe..."  "And now we ain't living in hovels, slaving away for the Church and the State, now are we?", Daisy snaps.  From within the box, just a little way away there is a snorting sound. A long drawn out snorting. Then another. And a third.  This is followed by some sniffling, and Dave Monkey jumps back out of the box, running merrily back to the gathering, where he leaps to grab the cigar and hops down in front of the telly.  Pobble quirks a brow at Connelly. "Joe Public don't want us to work with them, they want to sit back watch cable, read their email and veg out with techno-easy living.."  Pobble falls backwards, as if he's just fainted. He lands on the ground, flat on his back with a slight 'Ow'.  Kasui wanders up the hill to the peak, from the cave beyond. Kasui has arrived.  Keene finishes off his cigarette as Pobble talks. He doesn't so much as flinch as Pobble falls down; this is pretty normal by Keene's standards. The suited man does, however, walk over and offer his hand to Pobble to help the dress-wearing gentleman back to his feet. "I kind of like indoor plumbing, myself."  Connelly nods..."Unfortunately, that is true...that is why the Virtual Adepts and Etherites are two of the most important traditions...because they are able to clowly counter the work of science from the Technocracy, with the same subtley the Technocrats used against us. You should not be trying to tear things down...you should be trying to find away to show to the sleepers that live *CAN* be better, more fulfilling by stepping beyond their technological conveniences...  Abel has connected.  Pobble is lying flat on his back. His face is smeared with dried crusty blood, from a big gash/scratch across his forehead. He ignores Keene's hand, reaching instead for a pill box attached to his skirt by safety pin.  "They ain't countering science, they use it. They'd be as fucked without it as the Union fucks. So.. what've you done lately to stop the calcification?" he sounds a little dazed and warble-esq. That last batch of pain killers were probably One Strength Level Too High. OSLTH (tm).  Connelly looks at Daisy,"And...what are the Sleepers slaving for now? The fact that there are sleepers now who try things like seances, that one can go to a book store anf find steadily increasing new-age sections, and the fact that the old, pre-christian religions that were targeted by both the technocracy's pogrom and Chorister apathy are slowly returning...  Kasui has left.  "Walkways," Daisy comments, jerking a thumb toward the cave. "Always did like walkways. Concrete ones. So we're not stepping in the water and whatnot. A cure for the plague for everyone? I like that. I'm pretty fuckin' big on democracy. Aqueducts, too, 'cept for the lead thing. When's the last time you heard of anyone getting eaten by a dragon? They're almost extinct, and a damn good thing, too."  She pulls her hands out of her pockets, one out of each. One has a lighter, the other a cigarette. The former lights the latter, and she takes a good long drag.  "Everything that's wrong with the Traditions is in the Republic," she comments, stabbing the point of her cigarette at Connelly. "I'm fuckin' convinced Plato was a Hermetic. Maybe the first Hermetic. Everyone's ruled by philosopher-kings, who can do whatever the fuck they want, and everyone relies on the philosopher-kings for everything. The plebes till the fields and mine gold and do whatever the enlightened -- the Awakened -- tell them to. Aristotle, on the other hand; Aristotle lays it out straight. Aristotle tells you exactly what you have to do to patch up your wounds, to make a steam engine, to balance your humours. You can do it at home by yourself. I figure once the Traditions finish carving up the Technocracy, they'll tear right into each other to decide who rules. It's a marriage of convenience."  Connelly looks at Pobble,"What have I done? Sir...I heard you were a doctor...I do not see how you keep your medical license like you do...but...I work in the emergency for my face to sleepers...and...you ever spend time there...you know that every life you save puts something back..even if it just means that a mother doesn't have to grieve over the loss of her son...and, by not keeping my own religious beliefs hidden like most of the medical professionals do...I have had times already where someone asked me to explain it...which may not have any fruits immediately, but..oneday it will... Dyne pops out of the hole, a small flat black box of some sort in his left hand and in his right hand a lit cigarette. He glances at the box then, then starts to walk towards the tree line of the forest with a brisk pace, the glowing ember giving away his location as he moves.  Keene makes the offer, as that's the polite thing to do. When Pobble chooses not to take his hand, Keene retracts it and straightens up, smoothing his lapels. While he can ignore Daisy -- he usually does -- Connelly's statements are too discordant with his beliefs to ignore. He looks intently at Connelly as she decides to go ad hominem on him, and for the first time in recent memory his eyes thin. Keene has finally reached his extremely high BCM threshold. Yet, he remains diplomatic. Politely, with an even tone, he offers his counterpoint.  "I believe your minority faith has blinded you to the objective facts of our situation. Do you really think the Technocracy actually went to the trouble of hunting down non-Christian religions? For that matter, do you think the Technocracy has /any/ religion? They deal with pure science and reason, not faith: and faith exists within science, as the old ways manifest within the new machines. The symbols have always been there, and will always /be/ there. It's just a matter of adapting to what people believe is magical."  "The time of dragons and the stone tower on the hill has passed, Doctor. The past cannot be made again; not only do the Sleepers not want any such thing, but ultimately neither do we."  Dyne wanders off toward the forest in the distance, eventually disappearing into the trees.  Dave the Monkey, perhaps empathically picking up on Pobble's thinking mutters 'Blah blah blah blah..'. This at Connelly's statement.  Pobble takes his new pain killer. Or maybe its an anti-pain killer. He phbts. "I'm not an MD, I'm a PhD innit." he sighs, pulling an amusing face as the blue pill dissolves in his mouth. "Treating the facking sick doesn't count as fighting the war love." The man sighs, pushing himself up onto his elbows. "Healing the sick doesn't diminish the Union's stranglehold on Reality. Just keeps those fuckers alive to propogate the technocratic paradigm."  Connelly smiles at Daisy.."You may very well be right...if the traditions stay at eachothers throats the way they have been over the years, it is probably what is going to happen..." She looks at Keene,"I think you miss the point..when the technocracy first started up, it used the Catholic church, an insitution already set up and ruling most of the world, to unify under one religion. Once everything is unified under one belief structure, then it is easier to tear that belief in something beyond the normal down...And..personally, I do not want to see the old periods returned...I would love to see something greater, where one can walk the streets and feel joy at life...not have to worry about who might be in the darkened alley...for me, deep down, the core of the matter is hope...faith, regardless of the religion, will give people hope....but...finding other things is not that easy..." She looks at Pobble,"And...that is why I am an ER Doctor...By moving among those who are near death, I can give people just a little bit more hope than they had before...  "S'far as I'm concerned," Daisy snaps bitterly, "a priestess is just another sort of priest, and the only thing priests are good for is makin' intestines for strangling kings with."  Pobble says, "Eh. When did the Catholic church rule most of the world?" Pobble finally sits back up, shaking his head a little. That cigarette he's been clutching since waking up is finally lit and inhaled. "Giving people hope is all well and good, but your every fackin day joe normal gives people hope, doesn't help any on the grander scale does it..""  Abel walks out of the Hole in the hill, carrying his Guitar. He seems to have a bounce to his step and a rather dopey, thoughtful smile on his face. Pobble is sitting on the ground, legs out in front of him.  Dave Monkey sits nearby, staring at a stolen TV playing video footage of a traffic nightmare.  Connelly sighs and shakes her head,"Daisy...One day, you will have to learn patience....I had heard you were a dreamspeaker.....I feel sorry for your mentor..." She shakes her head, and looks at Pobble,"Nothing any of us does individually has any effect on the grander scale..in fact..in the granderscale, anything we do in this city...will have no real effect...what is needed is to do something truly coordinated worldwide....."