         P - Well, since Chase is the lead in this particular dance, he'll be concocting a special  brew of new fun chemi-yummies for Pobs to taste. There's gonna kick back, turn on the TV,  smoke sblue colored powder and think about shit -real- hard.   A - Cor 2/Prime 2 (Plasma Death)   T - Chase is opening Pobs up to a new path of Avatar relations, one not steeped in his  particular hermetic style. It's a self attunement that's rather baseless, but seems to tap  into the core just the same. Only nonspecific methods, none charted by previous magi.  Still chemical foci, as Pobs uses, just going about it's business in roads. Chase will  take Pob's avatar energy with him via the Cor foci, showing him distance and spacial  relatives. Then, the prime kicker will activate, and we'll send over plasma bolts into his  fuckin' brain."     Cassius says "17 total... hmm, minus the four... carry the 87... comes out to  about... 26 health levels."  Pobble sits back, chews and repeatedly drags on an unlit cigarette. The repetition seems  to calm him and he stares off into the distance, with an expression that seems to be  slowly melting. The monkey on his lap looks up at him with sad blue eyes, holding onto one  of his hands and gently poking at the holes in his hands, as if trying to remind the  missing Deity of where to go to unleash its holy wrath on the crossfucking nonbeliever.   This is the zone Chase was telling you about. Static hissing in the background,  meth-sulfate mix hitting your spine. The thick man's in his plush chair in much the same  spell Pobs is. Some sweat beading upon his shaved scalp and gum chewing to some internal  clockwise beat. Every five point seven seconds, he remembers to breath and blink all at  once. Veins straining on his horse neck,he finally blows a bubble. *POP*   "You feel, it eh. Como que no. Dios." A single bead of sweat drips from Pobble's nose onto the monkey who scratches at his head  and goes to say something but thinks the better of it. Something in the air causes its fur  to bristle just a touch and an expectant grin begins to form on its lips. The smell of  paradox on the wind, the smell of the mother of all highs.  "Indubidably." murmers the good Doctor, silver fingernails glinting as he continues the  motion with precise timing. Sucking the cigarette, sucking the essence of Yahwe back to  his oh so hollow skull and a non lonely place. Angsty longing for the missing godhead  causes a twitch on his lip between drags, but it vanishes, succumbing to a merry sigh and  a moment with closed eyes.   Twitches start, like a cink in the system, one of Chase's lazy eyes squints up and  releases. "Yeah. Fuckin' yeah." Chin up when he looks to the skies, obscured by layers of  earth, concrete and mortar. "I just keep chewing." To nothing in particular as callused  hands shake up a glass vile containing reddish liquid. He inserts it into an air injection  unit and raises it behind his ear. "Grounded kicker. It's the universe's spike, cabrone."  The unit bites his skin with a hiss.    "Dave gotta stay with me next week....p... pu.... puto." Chase let's out a whisper.   A lighter is drawn from somewhere, its chrome muddied with blood from Steve's hand. He has  'em and he'll smoke em. Eyes that would be bloodshot if they weren't purest white flutter  and the man lets out a sigh as he exhales that first sweet drag. "I'm not heading anyplace  anytime soon fucker. Not safe outside by my reakoning."   Absently Chase hands over the kicker, still some red fluid to inject. "Hit that. Main line  it, cabrone. We'll get... we'll get... the rest a you lot over..." Starting to get woozy,  eyes close. His other nostril starts bleeding.  Wether its the sound of his name, or that scent in the air.. Dave scampers back and forth  on the Dr's lap. The monkey takes the shot and injects the willing Dr, then suckles at the  wound briefly. Its electrifying, the Monkey falling back onto the floor with a thump where  he starts convulsing and shaking with the grin of one who is terrifyingly euphoric.