         Abel walks out of the council chamber doors with a pensive look on his face.  Penny sits somewhere in the vicinity of the fire. Infront of her are a number of items - her bag, a stack of unopened flyers, a few records. Palm-and-pocketing something small she looks up and over toward the chamber doors like she was expecting someone else. "Evenin'..." she offers, a hesitating drawl.  Abel nods to Penny. "Evening. I assume you're getting ready for the goodbye to Chase tomorrow?"  "Iguesssoyeah," quick and tightly wound words, the sound of her voice sharp. Like tacks on glass, the tongue behind her teeth a desert. "Tal's bein'a real humanitarian about it, yeah? Nice guy, real mensch" nodding to herself, nodding to the floor and to the fire. Nodding in a way to the fire watching the flames without really seeing it. "Most everything's done. Daze, Piggy .. they got it under control. Just," indicating the pile of flyers wrapped in brown paper "distribution what needs doin'.  Abel nods slowly. "I'll try to be there, but I may have to head toward Michigan." He sighs. "Alyx's body is on a garbage barge on it's way there." He looks sad.  Penny pats the floor "C'mere," the lazy flop of her hand, the boneless gesture of a drug coming on strong "Come sit with me. Why is she on a barge? I haven't seen that girl in months. What happened?" She tries to do that thing with her hand again, but only moves her shoulder and elbow - needs the hand to keep her upright.  "Jesus."  Funny, the things we say, how we term our surprise. Penny shudders a little, shock surfacing but only briefly "That's pretty fucking awful." Penny doesn't say anything for a long time. Each time she tries the fire cracks, pops or hisses at that odd interval. Like it doesn't want her to speak. "I didn't know," finally. Slowly. Tarred up is what she is, maybe nodding off with her eyes open "Gonnahaftadosomethingaboutallthis."  Abel nods. "We don't know who did it, though. We'll find out when we bring her back."  Penny moves her tongue around in her mouth the way people do when they taste something bitter. When they taste bile. She rubs a hand over her face, her tired eyes.  "I hope I never find out."  Abel nods and starts to stand. "I ned to go. I should probably get a few things together... to see about getting a the money to rent a boat. Aaron can run one, but he can't get cash or the technos will find him.  Penny nods a few more times "Should ask Pobs. He might have some floating around," cash, she means. "T'care, Abel. See you later," she says with limited enthusiasm or none at all.  Abel nods. "I'll to that Penny. Peace be with you and Providence guide your steps." He finishes standing and, with a wave of farewell, heads toward the door out of Novus.