         through the line and orders fries and a coke, then settles in a seat near the counter and begins to survey name badges.  To those who know her from her party persona, Daisy would be virtually unrecognizable: she's wearing a garish red and yellow polo, and her Bettie Page bob is piled up underneath a baseball cap on top of her cab. At the moment, she's the only one working the McDonald's counter.   Perhaps "working" is an exaggeration: she's listlessly daubing at it with a dingy grey cloth while staring across the mall.  Name tag? No dice.  Daisy's reads 'Sandra'.  What, you thought 'Daisy Inscrutable' was her real name?  Darke looks around for the obvious, then it seems to fail. He gets up and heads back into the mall to the nearby Hallmark card store...  Darke comes back in and settles in the back of the place. He begins to fill out an assortment of cards - Mother's Day, Valentine's, Birthday, etc. He seals each one and labels the outside with the same name.  A number of raver kids -- big pants, candy jewelry -- cluster around a table in front of the McDonalds. One of them, possibly the elder, grins over at the mall McDonalds' single apparent employee.  Daisy just scowls back.  Daisy sorts through the cards one by one, dragging her thumbnail along each seam to open the envelope. With each card, her expression of consternation grows deeper. "Really, now?", she asks. "Someone left all them cards all over the back table?"  Her deft fingers pluck out one at random. 'Happy 50th Anniversary!', the card cheerily declares.  "I dunno how they knew it was me an' Charlie's fiftieth," she adds.  Darke shrugs as he looks at the woman. "Maybe they were just being thorough.. shotgun approach or something like that." he points at the Happy Halloween card and the hand written inscription 'Do you dream?' "Looks like some of them are even personalized."  "Personalized," Daisy echoes. She thumbs open the Happy Halloween card, and she frowns. "And no. I don't dream, on account of I don't sleep."  She means it. The shadows underneath her eyes are deep and bruise-coloured.  Darke flips through the cards to the condolences card in the stack. Written inside is the phrase, 'I need the help of the dream speaker'. He slides he card over to you. "All or nothing time I guess."  Daisy's eyes narrow. Daisy's lips press together into a thin colourless line. Daisy's nostrils flare.   "Okay," she says, "rule number one that this is my day job, and you don't ask me about what I do at night while I'm at my day job. When I'm here, I'm just the girl what cleans the counter, dig? That's all I do."  The expression doesn't fade, though she adds: "I don't know you from Adam. You got ten seconds to explain why you're buggin' me here. Clock starts ... now."  Darke looks around, "There is something fucking with dreams, and I have only started to grasp the basics. I need a teacher... I was told you might be able to help. I was getting the run-around on the streets and would have tried to contact you at a social event, but I don't tolerate being jerked around."  "Riiiiight," Daisy says flatly. The expression fades from anger into trademark inscrutability. "I'll tell you what: I'll see what I can do, but I got to get together the entire College. There ain't no way I'm gonna do freelancing without my homies."  Darke nods a bit as he looks around. "On the streets, I go by Grave Robber. Next time we meet, you can call the place and time. I am looking to either earn your trust, or hire you outright. You and the rest of your homies can talk it through, just don't leave me hanging. if you are not interested, let me know as well. Lives are in the balance."  "Dig," Daisy repeats, rubbing at the corner of her mouth with her thumb. "We'll see what we can do."  Darke nods a bit. "Works for me..."  "I'm daisy@junkho.org, if you've got a net connection," Daisy says, "and you can catch up to any of us at our parties. We got a roster of future map points on junkho, too."  Darke ahs and nods. "I wander the digital world under the name Prometheus. prometheus@maildump.com. Send it there and I wil catch it in transit"  Daisy bobs her head sharply, perhaps in affirmation, perhaps because she's falling asleep.  Darke slides his coat on "Hope to hear from you soon." is all he offers before he pulls the cliche arcane-induced vanishing into the crowd stunt