         It seems to take her a moment to register what you said, or perhaps she is just deciding upon how to address you. Simply enough, she smiles and lifts her hand to wave, just as you did. "Hello." Her hand lowers and she looks off to her right where a lone car is driving in the distance. "Why are you out here so early? It is early, yes?" Her dark gaze sweeps over to focus on your face. The distant car turns onto another street. (Peter is seated on a bench. Mel is standing before him.)  Peter nods quickly, and says, "Yeah, it's early." He doesn't really look away from the woman, now, even as she glances at that car. He hesitates before answering finally, resting his hands on the computer, "I wanted some fresh air. I just like being outside, really. And I couldn't sleep. What about you?"  Her eyes seem to lower further to examine his hands. She shrugs and smiles up at him. "The same. I could not sleep. I have that problem..." She pauses and closes her eyes, waving a finger in thought. Suddenly her eyes open. "Insomnia. I have that. Sometimes." Again she shrugs. "Are you learning something on your laptop?" She takes a sidestep to get a view, though it is closed. Perhaps she expects him to just open it and show her.  The city bus. Hooray for public transportation. It runs all day and night. Even those ungodly hours before 8 AM. Conveniently and strategically, bus benches are placed at most major intersection to service the fleet. This one says '360' on the front, featuring an add for the Energizer Bunny. With a noxious exhale, the smog spewing rectangle comes to a halt at the local bench. Zombified, Eddie steps off as its mechanical doors open. Maybe it's too early, maybe he stayed out all night, and maybe the headphones he wears are blaring too loud. Whatever the case, this brown fellow is in his own special 'zone'. The curb holds a steady footing, as green eyes seek out the nearest street signs. The bus pulls off and burps carbon-dioxide at him.  Peter glances up as the bus pulls up, frowning a little as he sees the smoke. He looks back to the woman, then, not seeming to get the hint to open the computer. He shakes his head, "I was just writing a letter to a friend, who lives up North."  Mel looks up, North, sort of. "Oh. Yes, well I write up North all the time." She does not seem too convincing, of course. With a little twirl of her dress, she does a turn to face the offending sight, smell and sound of the bus. Her hand fans before her nose and she makes a face. "Perhaps he is an... insomniac too," she tells Peter with a half-smile of discovery. She then turns back to face the boy on the bench. "Do your parents know that you go out when it is still dark?"  Synthetic thumps leak from orange puffy headphones. Hands in pockets, Eddie starts down southward having fingered his location from the green signs. Nodding to the beats, it's a good bet he'll be deaf by 40 if he doesn't lower the volume. But his march is halted by a red light. On the corner, his fingers trail up the side of a pole in a suggestive manner. He's working on one hell of a pinky coke nail. Glancing to the left and right, safety first, it's a priority. His pink tongue runs over 14 carrot teeth as he says something to himself in a Latin based language.  Peter glances to Eddie, and then grins back to Mel at her joke. He nods, "Maybe." Then, at the last question, he shakes his head a bit with a bit of a grin. "Not really, no. But, I might not look it, but I am old enough that it doesn't really matter."  Melantha reaches down and gathers up a bit of her dress on either side, likely to aid in walking without tripping over velvet and lace. The toes of her small boots tap as she peers down at what she has uncovered. "I will leave you to that letter," she tells Peter plainly, glancing up from her feet at him. "I am going to follow him now. He seems quite oblivious to the world. That makes me curious." She nods her head toward Eddie and smiles. Oh, a little adventure. Sure.  Red light blues. This is a long one. Built to accommodate heavy traffic from the east and west. And duly, less from the north and south. So it has Eddie waiting, see. It has him standing on the corner at 6 AM. Perfect time for mumbling. What sounds like song lyrics perhaps, muffled by the obscuring sound of the beats being poured into his inner ear.   "Eu estarei esperando aqui at que eu morro."  Peter glances again towards Eddie, curious an then up to Mel again. He nods a bit, and says, "Might be dangerous, you know. But good luck." He smiles again. He opens up his laptop once more, but doesn't start typing right away.  "I would not bother if it was not dangerous. I should not even be out here right now," Melantha states with a practiced grin that is reserved for little girls licking lollipops. She lifts her hand and waves to Peter then turns on her heel to start after Eddie. Stuck at the red light. It must be fate. A few clicks of her boots and she is soon beside him, rocking back and forth with a coy sway. Her ponytail flops around to her shoulder when she not-so-sublty turns to give him a sidelong glance.  Suspect. Dubious. Girls don't approach him. Eddie doesn't like that. Maybe Eddie doesn't like girls. Maybe Eddie doesn't like humans. Maybe Eddie doesn't like anything but his headphones. And she's looking at him now. Cool under fire, dude arches a brow. That's about when the blank red 'don't walk' sign turns green. Time to step off the curb and into harm's way.  Peter smiles again to what the woman says, and nods a bit. As she turns to walk after Eddie, his curiosity won't let him do anything but watch to see what happens. He stays sitting on the bench, though, hands poised as if ready to start typing as soon as his distraction is past.  Suspicion and Melantha seem to be bedfellows, so she takes the arched brow in stride and steps off of the curb in odd time with Eddie. If he does not step, neither does she, that is the rub. Mimicing is likely one of the faster ways to get one's ass handed to them, but that is her approach nonetheless. She is smiling to herself by now, happy to be annoying someone.  Then by the time they've reached the proverbial 'other side', Eddie's aware this isn't a chance encounter. Nothing but a flaming infant falling from the sky could make him run right now; it's too early for that kind of physical exertion. However, once aboard the next concrete curb, one of the puffy orange headphones' are removed from his ear. This of course will allow him to converse in an audible and effective manner.   "Wha' ju' wan'?" Eddie's accent is unmistakably Hispanic. His southward trek doesn't waver, no. If there's to be any sort of conversation here, it's to be a mobile one.  Looking quite equal to the task, Melantha follows, in time, step for step. To the question she gasps and points at your mouth, then covering hers as she laughs. "Is that gold on your teeth? That is amazing," she coos, leaning a bit closer, one finger pointing to your teeth while another rubs at her own teeth. "How did you do that?" She is invading your space now, nearly putting her fingers into your mouth. Like ferrets, she likes shiny things.  "Wha' da fuck..." Shooing hands swat Mel's fingers from Eddie's mouth. Attacking them like invading bees with stinging intents. His neck reflexively pulls back, bringing with them his gold capped wonders. He takes a few steps away, to put a gap between the pair longer than arm's length. "Get away from me, loca." That means 'crazy'. And his eyes seem convinced of the fact. "'S a matter whichu." That's not really a question. Still he walks.  The flailing limbs and smart remarks give her pause and she stops following. Her expression is not so much defeated or sad... no, it is something more along the lines of disappointed realization. The way one looks when told that their ex-lover is sleeping with their ex-best friend. She turns a little toward the morning traffic and tilts her long neck awkwardly to peer up at a streetlamp. The pour of unnatural light causes her to look ghastly pale.  That's noted. The pale bit. But whatever just invaded Eddie's morning walk, doesn't quite compute. Strange mimes reaching for his teeth in an early haze. Weird enough to write about perhaps, but too weird to stick around for. Like a sex crime, he backs from the scene. Wondering what just happened, who that was, and why him. After a suitable distance is placed between Mel and Eddie, and with the benefit of a few comforting glances over his shoulder to make sure this would be dental molester isn't hot on his trail, his headphones are replaced to their rightful position. Leaving in his wake, a trail of electronic emissions and curled lips.  The lamppost holds a fascination that cannot be explained - nor will it be. The molester does not follow. She does not even look after you, but somewhere in the depths of her mind, if she bothered to consider it, she would be quite pleased that she disturbed the intimdating male. Bizarre...