         Penny stumbles into the arcade over cans of red bull. They put the garbage cans by the door in places like this; garbage cans, zines, local pennysavers and japanese candies. It doesn't fly off the shelves, the candy, but it's colorful and definitely something to look at. It attracts attention, sterile and neat; super-plastic. So Penny pauses, eyeing the lime green wrappers and the bright red kanji. She kicks another crushed can of red bull from underfoot and throws down some change on the only counter in the place, picks up something brown. Could be chocolate, offers some to Daisy. "So when is it?"   Kaching! Ching-ching-ching-ching-ching! Flashing lights and noisy  coin-drops are the hallmark of a winner in this place, and lo it seems   Mark has struck gold. Or silver, at least, earning himself a payout comprising mostly of dimes and quarters. It's probably only a couple bucks worth. Better than losing it /all/ straight away, right? He seems embaressed by the noise and fuss his particular machine makes, pulling   away from it as soon as he's done scooping up his ill-gotten loot. How is that people like Hiro always seem to be loitering in arcades? Strung out, collar up, shoulders forward, head down. He's gnawing on a thumbnail, feet fixed on the ground a foot (maybe two - well inside her personal bubble) from Daisy, lackluster eyes fixed on the lurid luminescence of a flickering street-fighting game.  Daisy Inscrutable. Veteran job-hunter.  Having been fired from a job as a nurse's assistant, a supervisory position at McDonalds, a non-supervisory position at Hardees, a telemarketing job in Newark, as well as having been kicked out of half a dozen homeless shelters, Daisy has considerable experience at applying for things, from which she's clearly learned nothing at all.  Holding a dirt-smudged set of application papers and a dot-matrix resume, she's standing by the counter, attempting to apply. The oily teen behind the counter with the 2nd Edition Dungeon Masters' Guide doesn't seem to be interested in taking the application. Daisy, over her shoulder, shouts, "It's, like, on the cusp. Which means it should work like it worked before. You got a magick marker?" Somehow, you can hear the 'k'.  Daisy senses "Penny sticks the candy in her back pocket, sweeps the change back off the counter. "Course I do." Easy, fast. But not even the noise gets 'The Manager's attention. "Seriously - early or late century 'cause I think she really fucked with us this time. When was the last time you saw actual MONEY coming out of a game? Nine-teen-eighty, that's when." She looks left then right, nudges Hiro "Even if he can't hear us or see us," indicating the kid behind the counter "..maybe that kid can," indicating Mark.  Penny brings Daisy with her, half hooked by the elbow.  "Hey," they all kind of hover."  He can't hear nuffin'. Mark is far too busy trying to look innocuous to be listening to talk about magick markers and the 80s, stuffing change into  his pocket and trying to find a safer game that doesn't spit coins at him. That's just embaressing. He settles on Time Crisis 3, picking up one of the two pistols out of habit and racking up a line of quarters to keep him 'alive'.  Hiro is picking his teeth with the edge of a prepaid calling card. There's no other explanation or description that befits the behavior -- the corner of the cheap plastic rectangle wedged between two of his front teeth. He's still staring at that arcade game - Tekken, or Mortal Kombat 387, or whatever the fuck it is. "Erin's Vale," he mumbles, quietly. "Crash and I were out last night." He inspects the calling card with the wordless intensity of a artist examining his work. Some kind of yellow caked material - he hasn't flossed recently. "No subway system. We lost six." Having not quite noticed Hiro out of the corner of her eye -- but expecting him to be in a place like this -- Daisy turns back toward Mark.  "Hi," she says, hand shooting out. "'m Daisy Inscrutable. You got, like, a pen or something, 'cause I gotta sign something real quicklike." Already, Penny's tagging the side of the machine Mark's playing on. Whatever she's writing, clearly she's involved otherwise Daisy would've asked to borrow her marker, right?  Right?  Squeak-squeak. Idgy-idgy-squeak. Circle circle. Dot dot. "I'm gonna try something. Remember that thing with the stop-signs? Daze?" Penny peeks around the corner of the side of the machine "Daze, if I'm not back in an hour, get Jesse."  It's a pretty drastic thing to say, if you know Jesse. Even if you don't, it's still a pretty drastic thing to say. She waits for a nod, any kind of affirmation. He barely glances aside, busy picking off the "bad guys" who plague Time Crisis 3. Mark fumbles a hand into his duster coat pockets, fishing out a bright green felt-tipped pen and offering sidelong to Daisy. "Nice t'meet you," he murmurs halfheartedly, still working on killing off the enemy. Blammo, and all that.  Daisy sidles around to obstruct the geek's view of Penny. The latter being considerably taller than the former, this requires advanced sidling technique. Still, she manages to block out most of Penny's scribble-hand.  "Right. Call Jesse. Will do. He still got that tarot number?", she asks.  "Yeah." (says Penny)  And then she runs out.