         The dirty air and stench particular to bad hoods are the same all around the world. Certain cities spice their poverty with a missmash of borrowed or imported culture. Not this one. It's purely American trash-lash. So it's not suprising to find two genuine pieces of American trash patroling the lands of their ilk. Here come Cash and Hiro. Cash a few paces behind, wrinkleing his nose at the dwindling contents of his bottle in a bag.   "Fuck man. 'm low... You got... you a couple bucks?" Cash asks the pig boy and stumbles to catch up.  Dale, on the other hand, walks along at a good clip, eyeing the streetsigns carefully at every intersection. She looks about as out of place here as does the Audi -- no doubt stolen -- parked in front of the army surplus store halfway up the block.  Hiro runs a grimy knuckle across his soup strainer, giving a single, sharp sniff. It is not, per se, that the half-asian mutt -- nothing is more ameritrash than racial mish-mashes such as he -- is dirty. It is merely his hands. Dirty, grimy... these words are mere abstractions. His hands are the pinnacle of filth. He looks like he's been giving prostate exams to the local homeless population. "...it's just, that. It's not enough. You know?" He looks back, eyes gleaming. "We don't have enough energy, enough vis, enough spunk. Things need to be done. You know? We're walking all over the place, and we're just not GETTING anywhere. Do you understand me? Do you dig?" He gets that out fast. Not fast enough, perhaps.  "I dig… I dig that I still dunno where the fuck I am. Thas' what I dig, man.... 'n, 'm a half quart empty." Leaning back in his swaggering gate, he downs the last of the harsh liquid. Crash. Glass shatters as Cash tosses the bottle into the open maw of a metal trash bin when he passes the mouth of an alley. "I was tellin' P, we outta get some peanuts 'r airplane food for her, ya know. Make these random stops more bearable. Every time she drops us off... I'm jus'.. I really want fried chicken." Eyes that have seldom seen sobriety, drift in Dale's direction. "Mebbe she knows..."   "Hey. Ya. You. Cin I ask ya... what city's this?" Cash asks of the flannel girl upon their approach.  On a slightly closer inspection, the yuppie-ish chick doesn't look quite up to snuff for casual day at the office, either. The edges of her boots are caked with cracking mud, her pockets are bulging with who-knows-what, and a few winglike maple seeds are caught up in her hair. She starts, abruptly, when addressed, and one hand goes to the hair over her right ear, dislodging a couple of the seeds. "Uhm. Erin's Vale, it's called, unless they have different names for the 'burbs in this town." She lets out a weak chuckle, the sort which typically displays nervousness rather than humour. "I'm kinda not from around here." She's probably not lying, given that her accent's so acrid as to make vinegar jealous. Hiro shifts his attention towards Dale. Squinting, suspicious eyes. Black coal piggy eyes. Fingertips curl, rubbing together at his sides. And that -- not Dale's response -- is what solicits his -- "Dear venerable judge whopner. Someone has covered my hands in filth," this screamed in a 'sweet holy jesus look at the bats' kinda tone. "Observe my digits. This is disgusting. Who the fuck in responsible for this shit?"  Piggy eyes dart. Dale. Cash. Back  The screams startles Cash's lazy eyes and he woozily turns back to lock his focus on the screaming Asian. His tone is even and pleading. "Holy mackerel.... man. Ya know. No one's responsible for like... yer own dirt karma.... man. Thas'... thas' all you. Thas the dirt /within/ you." To emphasize it's location, Cash pokes a dirty finger of his own back at the open swine mits. With a 'so there' type swipe, the denim wonder points and shuffles back.  Dale flinches as Hiro begins screaming, as if the grating volley of sound is something she can physically duck away from. She edges away up the street, keeping to the edge of the sidewalk that's closest to the buildings, the wary hint of a crouch insinuated into her posture. Still, she doesn't sneer or stalk away in your typical not-in-my-backyard huff; something keeps her hanging back a bit, just keeping an eye out, watching.  "You're a lying fucking swine," hisses Hiro. Dale's departure doesn't cause him to so much as bat an eye. The screaming has stopped, at least -- leaving him with a quiet, manic intensity. Like he's breathing through his eyes. "Someone has done this," he replies, quietly. "And when I find out who, I'm going to eat their fucking liver." Pause. "Not that I'd really. Uh. Eat someone's liver. Just like joshin you around, man. You need money?" His voice takes a dangerous turn for the high-decibel again. "TAKE the fucking money." And just like that, a crumpled wad dredged up from a pocket, all pennies and dimes and dollar bills. Hurled at the sidewalk.  "Easy... EASY... man. Thas' almost six dollars." Concern follows the falling bills that threaten to run off on their own. Cash does need the money, and he stoops low to get his prize. So low. But by fuck, he's got it. And he's smiling. Fun with booze, more of it.   "See? Now we cin.. ya know. Go drink. And you cin stop with yer... sss'''bullshit." Cash walks past the raging mess that's Hiro, grinning a bit and running his fingers over the discarded green. "Erin's Vale. Wha' kinda shit is this place..."  Sure, it's probably a rhetorical question, but Dale volunteers an answer anyway. "Just your average small town going corporate." Whatever else she was about to say gets cut off in a garbled noise that might very well be "Fuck!" as fat raindrops splatter onto the sidewalk, the cars, and her. She fumbles with the zipper of her rain jacket and yanks the hood over her head, shadowing the top third of her face.  Hiro holds his hands out, so the drizzling rain might cleanse the filth from them. He power-walks behind Cash: a slum Jesus in nutjob clothes, offering his revolting boon to the heavens. "Who the fuck is Erin Vale?" he demands of the dime-bag cowboy, as whatever is coating his hands begins to liquify in the rain. This does not make the spectacle more attractive; his fingertips now drift with a material the consistency and colour of something you find under your elderly aunt's sink.  "Aeahhhgg." If you listen closely, that's the sound of god shitting on a homeless man's parade. The heavens open to drop a deuce on Cash's head, in acid rain form. "I dunno man. Mebbe... ya know, she was like an explorer. Who... explored... this place." The side swaggering is curtailed to the side of the buildings to offer some shelter from the downpour.   "Is there a... a liquor store or.. bar 'round here?" It's often really hard to escape from drunk ramblings in the middle of the day, somehow the offending drunkard always seems to corner you for a few questions past smelly. Yes, Dale's downwind. She can smell the old whiskey slightly muddied by the weather clinging to Cash.  Now that beak Dale calls a nose does wrinkle up, in response to both the piss-reek of whiskey coming off Cash and the stench, whether real or imagined, of whatever foulness is rinsing off Hiro's hands and re-exposing itself to the world. Shifting from one foot to another as the mud on her boots re-liquefies, she peers out from under the awning of her hood, casting about for something that might fit the bill. "Got me," she answers at last, then cinches the hood tighter, presenting an effect oddly reminiscent of a bright green snowman.  Hiro flicks his hands at the ground, limply, dislodging several small chunks of particulate matter. He looks off to the side, squinting through the fractal distortion of raindrops spattering his spectacles. "Back this way, wandering jew." The power-walk diverts. Reorients. A goal is now in sight, infusing Hiro with purpose and clarity of direction.  "Later, sheyner ponim..." Cash's off balance smile slurs that out at Dale as she tightens up her face hole. His course wanders, indeed, wherever the tides take him. Today, they lead through drizzling streets towards an unknown destination. Backing Hiro, the denim kid follows the loud pig towards Nirvana.