         (continued from the last post)  As the familiar homeboy struts from the alley, the gang lounges still, but the hollow eyes now glitter with lust unspoken. It remains so as they rise to their feet, gathering about the one who has journeyed into shadows known for sins enjoyed. Hands are stuck out; brown, crooked teeth are flashed in vulpine smiles as voices coarse echo in a confusing chorus. "Buddy!...Jose'....What...Give...Fucker hogging...Whiny bitch...GIVE IT!" The last cry is one of unanimous assent as the outstretched hands are thrust again at the newly arrived figure, demand writ plainly upon ape-like features.  "You got the fuck-up, we get the shit, remember?" The question comes from one of the unholy choir as the others echo their approval of this statement. Brows lower as they glare now, waiting with impatience for the dulling of sense and quickening of pulse...  "Step the fuck off, yo."   Deep within the soggy sponge that is Cash's brain, a foreign source of neuro electronic activity is hard at work.   Looking into our world from a watery dimension, sits an old Chinese man over a thousand years old. Chicken legs crossed and his knobby fingers grasping the gnarled end of a walking cane, Sifu Sun Fook doesn't look a day over five hundred. This altered state has been kind to him. And in the deep recesses of a parallel stream of reality, he strokes his white beard and produces a sucking sound between the gaps of his ancient teeth. The celestial lotus he sits upon offers up a jewel encrusted cup, filled with an ethereal substance that measures five thousand percent alcohol. It's sipped, he cackles, looking through a portal cut in the shape of Cash's dull eyes.   And when Cash' speaks again, wearing the skin of another monkey, he sounds utterly convincing to match the clone which his body has contorted into.   "I said step the fuck off, fuckin' vultures. This shit's on time. Boy came correct up in here. Ya'll check it." Looking about, the interloper spots the lead man on the totem to address further. A stream of Mandarin characters scrolls down his mind's eye, feeding him the secrets that were held in the dead man's skull. To the fat cat, he hands over one of the rocks, his bounty. So he may be measured and weighed. "Check this shit, top dawg."  At the words and the hollow echo that hangs for seconds upon the air in their wake, a glass tube with a rounded bowl at the end is produced from beneath leather jacket. Eyes rimmed with red and darkness flicker to one of the dark ganstas standing beside. The loyal acolyte draws a lighter from a hip pocket with a dazed smile. This action is mirrored by a hand plucking the proffered prize. The prize is lifted to the bowl and dropped into place as the iighter follows suit. A bubbling drawn from tales of Shakespeare and destinies fatal begins and a deep breath is drawn. Eyes close as muscles slacken, leaving a mask of idiocy in its wake. Silence as the eyes of all remain focused upon this still figure and when he exhales, the gang echoes the harsh rasp.  "That's good shit. Fuckface must'a been a narc. Glad ya wasted the fucker." The eyes are open now, glazed with symptoms known and settled upon the young gansta who holds the glittering treasure. "We needa show this shit to Marco. Get lots of money." The eyes narrow, focusing upon the gansta's hands as there's an addition to this statement. "We coulda be real rich. Real rich, amigo."  "Faggot said he hadda gang a this shit. But, I only found this, knaw wha' 'm sayin'. But they gotta be more a' this shizzle somewhere, believe dat." The interloper jabs at the prize with one finger from way above his shoulder. Keeping a respectable distance from top dawg, but feigning interest in the second hand effects of Pobble's uber-crack smoke, Cash lingers.   "Yo. 'M gonna check if dis boyz' address on his I.D. is fer reals. We'll come right ta Marco. Get some mutha fuckin' props up 'n here."  "Si. Stupid fuckers donta deserving it. Fuck man, we fuck Marco." The words are delivered with a slight slur as his eyes twitch from the promsing gansta and the giggling acolytes. The pipe is lifted again for another toke. An acolyte's grimy hands rise as if to take the pipe while the silver breath is savored. The hands don't make it far before a hand falls to the leader's side. It rises again in the next second, a trail of droplets flying through air as the rising hand bears a knife which steals grasping fingers from the now-marked Judas. Nothing is said as the Judas falls to his knees clutching the hand and cursing in a high-pitched voice. There is a kick then. The thud marks the change in cries from loud curse to low whimper. Blood pools beneath as Judas clutches his groin with tearing eyes and drooling mouth. The silver breath is now released, frosting the words now spoken with illogic.  Floating by, the formless embodiment of a character dreamt up in the bed of a nine year old Hindu boy swims and distracts Sun Fook for a moment. Dirty and long nails rake through the spirit matter, which feels much a spring breeze from the back of 69' Mustang. Lips smack a toothless sound, the Sifu returns to the conversation at hand. The purple lotus leans him towards the window of Cash's eyes so that he may reach through them and into the fat street urchin's weakened mind.   A handful of thoughts are pulled in his weathered and callused grasp. Those pertaining to Marco, those that describe the man and his position, and how to find them, thoughts that are inspired by the scheming mention of fuck overs and dirty dealing.   Cash, as gangsta, grins just as broad as he should, and not a millimeter more. "Yo, 'm come back in a few. We'll halla' at Marco then, see what the shit we come with."