          You follow the trail into the trees. Oak Grove  Contents: Cally Paksenarrion Connelly   Cally makes her way over before Pobble enetered and peers over.. "Hello?"  Connelly blinks after cally announces her presence, and seems to reflexivley slip her arm from around Paksen,"Oh...Hello, Cally..."  Paksenarrion sits up a little more, blinking more sleep from her eyes. Her hands reach up and pull her hair into a topknot as she finally reaches a conscious state. "Hello?"  A new arrival's nearness is heard well before it is seen, sounding like someone is dragging something through the woods. It's not immediately obvious what the noise was when Dr Steve steps into the clearing, but once he moves out further its apparent that he has a large cardboard box attached to him by a peice of string and he's dragging it along behind him.  On top of the box is a monkey in a suit, with a cigar. (l pob's Dave) The two seem to be conversing in some strange language.  Pobble says, in Enochian, "Yeah, I would have to agree."   Cally sniffs.. "oh hello Cally? " she tries to look stern. " gee aren't we bubbling over with joy?" trying to smother the grin  Connelly smirks,"Well...you surprised me is all..." She frowns as she sees pobble come in...."Greeeeeeat..." she grumbles quietly....  Paksenarrion lets out a slow breath and stands up in one motion, looking Pobble and the monkey on his box over curiously before she looks to Cally, "Friend?"  Dave stands up, sniffing just a tad and pulling the cigar from his mouth with a tiny little hand. His fingers almost don't reach around the collossal smoke and he comes close to dropping it. He doesn't tho, and taps the dark ash off the side of the box. "Evenin' ladies." he says in his south london monkey-tongue.  Cally turns and waves blinking.. and peers? monkee?  Pobble flashes a plastic over-charmed smile at Connelly, and offers a finger waggle wave to the other two. "Sorry girls, I diddn't mean to interrupt anything. Dave an I were just 'avin a walks."  Connelly sighs,"Hello, sir. Surprise you would even acknowlede me as I am...let me see...what did you call the Irish....I am not good at remembering slurs meant for me..." Her voice is icy as she looks at the doctor, ignoring his monkey...  Cally winces and looks to Paksen her face saying.. "oh no.. not here  Cally slips away to a place where she won't get in the middle Cally has disconnected.  Pobble's face picks up a hint of a smirk but it fades off, and a bland smile condenses onto his lips.  Dave hops forward now that the box has stopped moving and sits on the edge, tapping his giant (relatively) cigar once more. "I would 'ave to suggest that it was probably nothin' nice there luv."  Pobble shrugs, hand absently reaching to the pocket-protector for a cigarette. He goes to say something, and then stops. Like a broken pull cord talking-doll, this happens again. He shrugs.  James arrives from the lake. James has arrived.  Pobble stands at the edge of the clearing, looking.. well, disgruntled may be a good word for it. Next to him is a 4x4x4' cardboard box that is attached to him by a sturdy peice of string. Atop the box, is a monkey. Its a monkey in a suit, with a cigar, hanging off the edge of the box and hitting the side of it with his feet.  Connelly 's sitting near Paksen, giving Pobble an sort of....icy look.....  James walks in to the grove from the direction of the clear lake. He stops next to one of the thirteen trees, and tries to take in what is going on.  Dave laughs at something, shaking its little furry head.  "Lets go Dave. We're not wanted here." says Dr. Steve (Pobble). His false smile remains as he checks the box-cord.  Dave hops up, moving back to the centre of the box and sitting down, holding on tight with one monkey-hand. "How ironic." he says quietly. With that, Pobble turns to head back into the trees, dragging the seemingly not so heavy cardboard box behind him.