         Esther comes wandering up the street, waving her hand in the air and muttering to herself under her breath.  Downtown - Yonge and King(#200RJ)  The most prominent feature of this intersection is the brand-spanking new Bell Canada Enterprises building. It totally dominates the intersection, towering over all other office complexes, its reflective windows sparkling in the daytime sun. Other notable structures include the Hockey Hall of Fame and the Marche restaurant. BCE Place is often used as a setting for TV or movie film crews, its unique, futuristic architectural design perfect for their purposes. The financial core of Toronto can easily be seen from this spot, located to the west. The many business people are once again seen wandering around like drones going to and from their places of work, and to Union Station to the south.  Contents:  Esther  //.etro: It is 2:54 pm, late afternoon, on Wednesday the 10. day of September, 2008.  Working on a late to-go lunch, Penny wrestles with the wrapper of a gyro as she walks. Wrestles because there are other things in her hands. A map. A small book - a phone book? A hat. A backpack. Heading that way, up the block she struggles for balance or at least a happy medium.  Esther read your description.  Esther wanders up to Penny, looking her over and muttering something about satan. She pushes her cart in front of her. She never lets go of her cart. "Hey! Blondie!"    Ester’s Desc:  This woman is dressed in layer upon layer of old, battered clothes. All of them are dirty. Her hair is pulled into a messy ponytail and is greasy and grungy. She looks to be somewhere in her mid to late forties, though it's hard to tell. She has a very haggard look. She seems quite insane. She talks to, or rather argues with, herself most of the day, and pushes a shopping cart filled with various junk that she's picked out of dumpsters.    Carrying:  Cellphone  Penny knows when people shout, they're generally shouting at her. Hey - what's not to notice, right? Mouthful of bread and dubious meat, Penny might've mumbled a 'hey what' toward Esther but for the unfurling map flapping in the breeze. Her communication somewhat diminished, Penny whaps at the paper til it's flat to her body. She squints, swallowing. She knows there's tsatsiki stuck to her face. She knows it and wears it and doesn't care. "Yeah?"  "Got any spare change?" Esther practically yells, holding out a dirty hand. Her eyes twitch as she greedily eyes all of the things Penny's carrying, then looks back up to Penny's face.  Now she's got this look on her face like 'I didn't get enough of this today?' She starts adjusting her things. Maybe it's Esther's lucky day. That bag does look big enough for some serious necessities. She cants her head to the side and gestures up the block with her chin, hand already in her pocket "Loonie if you tell me where I can get decent poutine, hey?" No such thing as a free meal. Penny isn't a something-for-nothing kinda person.  Eyeing the hand in the pocket. "Yeah..." she mumbles, "Poutine... mm hmm." She nods her head furiously, "Down by the ferry. In the terminal." She motions in the direction of the ferry wildly, her other hand still held out to recieve the change.  Penny thumbflicks the loonie like she'd had practice. Like she's unencumbered. As if she's been faking it, some kind of routine, a ruse all along.  It even makes that 'ting' sound. And you get the distinct feeling as she passes along the universal hand-sign for 'hang loose' and heads toward the docks that you've been had. But didn't she give You the money? Strange chick.  You walk south along Yonge to Front.  Downtown - Yonge and Front(#203RJ)  You walk south along Yonge to Queens Quay.  Waterfront - Yonge and Queens Quay(#1102RJ)  You have just received a +recc from Esther.  You walk over to the Ferry Terminal and step inside.  Island Ferries Terminal  You board the old rickety ferry.  You debark off the ferry when it stops at Centre Island.  Centre Island - Proper  You take a small ferry off Centre Island to go to the Island Airport.  Island Airport    And like … an hour later:  Like every Wednesday evening, the bum known as Turtle Jones is hanging out in King Station over at Yonge and King, playing his old beat up guitar. At least, until the cops chase him away yet again he's there...  Island Airport   You paged Turtle Jones with 'Was I supposed to see that?'.  Turtle Jones pages: If you saw it, yes you were.  You paged Turtle Jones with 'It's just .. I'm nowhere near a subway, as far as I can tell.'.  Turtle Jones pages: It's at King and Yonge.  … … …  You take a small ferry back to Centre Island.  Centre Island - Proper    You board the ferry bound for the main land.    You step back onto the ferry terminal as the boat comes to a stop.  You walk back out to the street.  You walk west along Queens Quay to York.  You walk north along Yonge to Front.  You walk north along Yonge to King.  Downtown - Yonge and King(#200RJ)  The most prominent feature of this intersection is the brand-spanking new Bell Canada Enterprises building. It totally dominates the intersection, towering over all other office complexes, its reflective windows sparkling in the daytime sun. Other notable structures include the Hockey Hall of Fame and the Marche restaurant. BCE Place is often used as a setting for TV or movie film crews, its unique, futuristic architectural design perfect for their purposes. The financial core of Toronto can easily be seen from this spot, located to the west. The many business people are once again seen wandering around like drones going to and from their places of work, and to Union Station to the south.   You enter the King Subway.  Subway - King Station  Dull, cream coloured tiles covers the wall of this station. The linoleum tiled floor stretches out to the yellow plastic warning line where passengers are told not to pass while waiting for a subway train. Subway posters and ads line the walls, framed in metal, protected by a covering of Plexiglas. In the evening, this station is eerily silent and empty. A line of payphones sits on both ends of the north, and south-bound platforms. A separate phone line connects directly with security in case of an emergency. Stairs and escalators lead back up to the street level.  Looking up the stairs, cold rain falls from a grey-black sky without moon or stars. A raw wind blows from the east.  - Type 'ride to  ' to use the subway -  - Check the +map for station names and locations -  Contents: Wednesday Mary Turtle Jones   Jesse arrives from Yonge and King.  Jesse has arrived.  Turtle Jones murmurs that his dinner and wine aren't gonna buy themselves and goes back to playing as the crowd switches once the train leaves and more people come in to catch the next one. He strums the guitar. "My baaaaaaaaby she left me, she left me standin' in the raiiin...." He's got a deep scratchy blues voice and his guitar's seen better days but still works great. "My baby she left me, ain't comin' home again..."  Wednesday keeps her semi-apologetic smile up, though her voice lowers in tone just a bit: "I said I was sorry." She pats her last pat with her jacket, satisfied with how 'dry' the fellow is, whether he is or not. "Don't be rude about being blind," she mutters motioning with her head to the poor bum beside them.  Penny tramps down the stairs, messengerbag slung over her shoulder. She looks up above the payphones. There's usually a clock on the wall there. Fucking country. She looks down at her wrist where there is no watch. Fucking thieves. Left, then right again her glances issue quickly, more like an eyes rolling, disgusted. The girl's as harrassed as a person can get, walking on and on through the station. "Hey," bumps into someone "got the time?"  Wednesday is standing in a cluster of people around the bum, standing very close to a rather boorish business man in a wool over coat.  [OOC] Mary says "Sorry about that. Five year old in the middle of the living room making a sandwich seems to mean a big mess to clean up."  Mary looks up, turning to peer over at Penny, then down at her left watch. "It's 8:12, Miss," she offers.  //.etro: It is 8:13 pm, late evening, on Wednesday the 10. day of September, 2008.  Mary Roberts is what could be termed 'a little slip of a thing'. She's not absurdly short, but she's definately several inches below that of most women her age, reaching only 5'3" in height. Her build is slender and reedy, the sort that a mere breeze could well blow over, and though she doesn't seem unhealthy, it does seem as if she could do with a little more food in her on a regular basis. Her hair is long, reaching to about mid-back, its hue a rich mahogany, likely her best feature, what with the highlights of red sparkling in its tresses. Her eyes are cerulean blue, quite pretty save that there's sometimes circles beneath them, as if she didn't get quite enough sleep. Framed by sooty lashes, the eyes are set in a heart-shaped face, with slightly too-pale skin.. along with lack of food and sleep, it seems perhaps she doesn't get enough sun, though there's enough pink in her cheeks that she doesn't look unhealthy.  A brown shirt covers Mary's torso, trimmed with lace at cuff and collar. The shirt is loose, though its cut is flowing, rather than baggy. The sleeves drape at her wrist, an excess of lace-trimmed material left to hang slightly. The collar is v-cut, dipping perhaps a shade lower than most things Mary wears. At the lowest point of the v, a diamond of lace begins, covering her cleavage, though tiny little bits of skin can be seen through the lace. The shirt ends precisely at her waistline, just short enough that flashes of her belly might be seen, were she to lift her arms much. A white corderoy skirt is worn beneath, much more snug than the shirt, falling all the way to her ankles, with slits cut at either side to allow her to move freely. Wrapped around her waist is a brown suede belt, which is tied shut at her left hip, rather than buckled at her waist, with long tassles of suede hanging to about her knee. A pair of brown leather boots are worn on her feet.    Wednesday is named after Odin in English. In the more Latinate languages, it's Mercury's day - a day for messengers, missives, and arrivals. Fitting, then, that it's on Wednesday that Jesse arrives. The Pig Boy will have another apophenic conniption over this. Stretching his gangly frame and baring a wide yawn, the pale wastrel steps off the train and waits as it pulls away behind him. Stray glances are ignored. Yes, he's in drag. No, he's not your problem. Jesse is merely another eyesore to be forgotten, the details of his appearance lost in the heyday of urban sensory overload.  Rolling his weight forward and letting motion overcome his langor, Jesse drifts away from the tracks, moving gracefully despite the platform heels, and slips through the crowd towards the sunburnt wastrel. Thumb and forefinger splay apart, trace opposite circles. Hang loose.  "Penny!"  Two fingers point left, side by side. 'Got a cigarette?' His posture is tired, he slouches to one side, weight shifting under leather and lycra, one thicksoled boot toeing the stained tiles beneath.  Turtle Jones pluck the guitar a bit more and continues singing his blues song, kicking the hat in front of him for emphasis. "Ain't gonna cry no more over a women that's gonna leeeaaavee... My baby she left me, left me out in the cold, cold rain. My baby she took off and left me all alone again. All alone, baby..."  Wednesday doesn't notice any one in drag, although she would get kick out of it if she happened to notice. Just the same, she is busy flipping the bird behind the back of the asshole business man as he walks away, still fuming.  Once satisfied with her f-off to the upper-middle class, Wednesday drops a crumpled up bill into Turtle's hat.  Turtle Jones read your description.  Wednesday read your description.  Penny says, in Enochian, "Full of grace meets full of woe and the two are oddly matched - one so pale and one so primed. Peace. Got a *********. ********* here, two fingers flat to the button of her pocket. Flicks it open and hands one over. It's ******** she's smiling, Penny is. It is also ******** that she is ********. What is most evident is that her skin does not allow for the full range of emotion to issue forth. That is pain, that is ********** for the ***********. "Where's Eva?" ... she looks past Jesse and it's unclear what she's ******** on; the ********, the guitar-man, the air we breathe. "*********'s wrong," she walks the "drag queen" around the crowd, voice low "for her not to be here before us? I hate this country. Why are we here again?" ********, come to think of it - that's a whine."   [OOC] Jesse doesn't think that worked.  [OOC] Penny says "Not so much, huh?"  [OOC] Mary grins.  [OOC] Wednesday ?'s  Jesse reaches into his purse, and withdraws a cigarette. Sith a grave and solemn mien, the skeletal queen shakes a Lucky Strike free and offers it over, accepting one in return. He leans forwards to plant a kiss on each of Penny's cheeks, murmuring He mutters to Penny. .  He shifts his weight back again, no mean feat on heels like those, and lets his ruby-tinged attention wander over the terminal, boa absently twirling at the lace-gloved ends of spidery fingertips. Watching the teenage flag flown, he rewards Wednesday's efforts with a tilt of his head and a smile, the boa dropped as he snaps at the brim of his hat in salute. His attention crosscuts back to Penny and with a sudden look of urgency, he leans forward once more. "Got a new stencil. JCs posse. Ready to go bombing?"  You sense Jesse reaches into his purse, and withdraws a cigarette. Sith a grave and solemn mien, the skeletal queen shakes a Lucky Strike free and offers it over, accepting one in return. He leans forwards to plant a kiss on each of Penny's cheeks, murmuring "You holding?".  He shifts his weight back again, no mean feat on heels like those, and lets his ruby-tinged attention wander over the terminal, boa absently twirling at the lace-gloved ends of spidery fingertips. Watching the teenage flag flown, he rewards Wednesday's efforts with a tilt of his head and a smile, the boa dropped as he snaps at the brim of his hat in salute. His attention crosscuts back to Penny and with a sudden look of urgency, he leans forward once more. "Got a new stencil. JCs posse. Ready to go bombing?"  [OOC] Jesse says "Hm." [OOC] Jesse says "Apparently, Mutter is also weird. That last bit? That's muttered."  Mary turns her head to the side, and winds up just sort of.. staring at Jesse, with this odd, sort of chagrinned look, like she's torn in equal parts between shock, amusement, and downright appreciation for the Elvis-twin's audacity or bravery.  Wednesday looks up from her precision drop of currency just in time to catch the tail end of Jesse's salute. Rather than being pleased, curiously, she looks momentarily mortified before some semblence of recognition crosses her face and a faint twinkle in her eye gathers.  Turtle Jones spies Jesse and switches to a blues version of an Elvis song. Since he's half blind, he has to squint a bit. "Don't step on my bluuuuuuuuueeeeeee suede shooooooes... no no no..."  Penny coughs politely, really she's choking on something. Laughter. The song. She says, in Enochian, "Of course I am. We should make the monkey do it."   //.etro: Jesse rolls "dexterity + streetwise" at diff 6  For a total of 5 success(es) including 1 ten(s).  "Eva's sulking over something. You think I wanted to take the fucking train? Just don't tell her or I'll be on carnation duty for a month." Elvis follows the sunscorched penitent through the crowds, attracting a good deal less attention than you'd think. People just don't want to be bothered. One arm drapes across Penny's shoulders. The other wanders at his side as they drift, fluid and subtle movements contrasted against the grandiose gestures you'd expect. Trained eyes might catch the quick darting of fingers into and out of pockets that aren't his, or the side pocket of his purse made for surreptitious depositings. But he's very, very good at this. Abruptly, he switches into a foreign language for a few gutteral phrases, then back again. "And tell me we're trading soon. I swear if I get stuck in the heels one more time I'm going to lose it. Why doesn't Pig Boy ever get drag duty?"  Jesse says, in Enochian, "What's the static about? Pig boy and miss *********** did what?"   Wednesday's eyes never leave the form of the drag queen bandit, but has he weaves out through the crowd she has to stand up on turtle's bench just the watch him. She whistles through her teeth, then hops down from the bench, and quietly makes herself into a shadow of Jesse, some 20 meters down the way.  Mary's one of those people that seems to be bothered, for she just keeps on staring, head turning to track Penny and Jesse as they move through the crowd. For a few moments, anyway, before she sighs, shoulders hunching up just a bit. She steps forward and crouches down to drop a bill into the case.. a purple one, with a 10 on it - then straightens, and steps back again, turning away.  Ooo, a what a tip! Too bad Wednesday was looking the other way. Why does such generosity always go unrewarded?  Penny says, in Enochian, "Honestly?" her arm slips around his waist where the skirt starts. They're funny looking, true, but pretty. I think he trades with Inscrutable. I think they do it," emphasis on the do it, "and then he says Would you? and she says Fuck yeah. No different than his homework. And do you really wanna see Piggy in a dress?" Penny looks at Jesse squarely, they're about the same height..or would be if not for those heels making a telephone-pole of him "No. You don't." Her fingers loop something into and out of another pocket, a backup plan maybe, and guides them nearer to the crowd again.  She nods up, should we put something in the hat? "No idea what that's about. Never picked up that kind of crap back in the states. Maybe he pissed off a cop.." Penny shrugs in a way that loosens her jacket everywhere, seems to hang on her now "Anyway I hope she gets over it. I miss her. I'm tired of staying at the Holiday Inn. It's a dump and there's no servicable room service and I'm hurt and I want my own fucking bathroom with my own fucking cabinet and my bed. I want my bed." Seething now, Penny's eyes close and her free hand pushes at something beneath the dreads "And I'm gonna fuck up that monkey for giving me that crap. I woke up *in the fucking desert*."  Turtle Jones has disconnected.  Turtle Jones has connected.  [OOC] Turtle Jones smacks her connection. Sorry.  [OOC] Turtle Jones got locked up a lil bit ago.  [OOC] Wednesday patpats  [OOC] Penny says "Forgiven. You want what you missed? Did you miss anything?"  If Rule 1 is never cop in a dress, the admonition against lifting wallets in drag must have gone unspoken. Which is a shame, seeing as how Jesse could have used the lesson. But, really, who's going to suspect?  He's leaning over Penny, murmuring something in that same strange language, and his attention is drawn on bringing the lit match to the cigarette at his lips. Utterly unmindful of his newfound shadow.  [OOC] Turtle Jones locked up when Penny caughed about the song.  Jesse says, in Enochian, "Heard about the desert. Glad to see you back. Float me some dope and lemme go fix?"   [OOC] Turtle Jones says "er coughed"  [OOC] Jesse can cut and paste a minilog to email?  [OOC] Turtle Jones says "Just a summary would be cool :)"  [OOC] Penny says "Okay well. We're walking and talking and Penny's pissed and Jesse's trying to light his cigarette and now we're near you thinking about putting something into the hat with Wednesday the shadow behind us." [OOC] Jesse picked someone's pocket, Wednesday started following us, we're speaking in a foreign language.  Elvis in drag.  No, really. Not "Wow, he almost looks like ..." or "He reminds me of ..." but "He looks exactly like ..." If Elvis were still twenty, and had spent the last ten years supplementing his Atkins diet with intravenous narcotics. Lean and wiry, the blade of his silhouette cuts a swath somewhere just above the six foot mark without the heels. He might weigh one seventy soaking wet. Sickly and frail, this is a young man in dire need of a hot meal and a good night's sleep. In another time and another place he would have seemed consumptive. Today, the word conjured by his ashen pallor and languid movements is junky.  The drag is neither convincing nor customary - it seems to strive for androgyny instead. A black rhinestone cowboy hat is pulled low over red-lensed Jackie O glasses, obscuring his eyes and casting shadows of doubt over that famous visage. Blue-black hair in a classic bob-cut curls around the angles of his jaw. The carefully sculpted lines of rouge make his cheeks seem sharper, and the ring in the corner of his scarlet painted lips distorts their line into a pale, sullen and anemic sneer.   A black sheer shirt with red lycra accents across the shoulders cocoons his bony form in its synthetic embrace. Over it, a single, blank white pin is a lone decoration on the lapel of a tight waisted riding jacket from Gaultier's line two years back. Beneath it, a black brassiere preserves a modicum of modesty, but displays the swarm of tattoos down the length of his gaunt torso. The riding coat's long cuffs meet a pair of matched spiked bracelets, and black lace gloves.  The red boa circling his throat trails down under the jacket, dangling down to where a black leather miniskirt rides low on his hips, parting from the border of his shirt to show occasional glimpses of fishbelly-pale skin marred by dark swarming ink. A black snakeskin belt, decorated with chrome skulls, is fastened with a faux-ruby crucifix over his left hip, and torn fishnets ride the length of his long legs down to the buckles of a pair of platform, high heeled Prada squaretoed boots. A black rubber baby-sized backpack dangles offhandedly from his shoulder, and a wire trails from its depths to the oversized headphones around his neck.  [OOC] Mary puta 10 in Turtle's case and is turning to leave.  [OOC] Turtle Jones says "Wait, yuo picked someone's pocket?"  [OOC] Turtle Jones says "Hang on, afk a sec"  [OOC] Jesse hangs on.  Wednesday taps her umbrella playfully with the tips of her shoes as she strolls down along the walkway. Its all so wonderfully nonchalant that she even catches the smile of some annonymous, flirtations busy-body on his way to a train. She returns it just in brief and continues.  [OOC] Penny says "He rolled for it. 5 successes."  Penny says, in Enochian, "Check your left breast pocket." She's a clever girl. Put it there pedant la bise."   [OOC] Turtle Jones says "Okay, sorry, my boss called me afk to help him."  A gust from an oncoming train interrupts the match Jesse's trying to get at. And really, Penny should be doing that anyway. That's her job today, providing for the arrivals. She pulls out a ridiculous looking lighter - something zippo might make if there were a universal market for the little bit of Liberace in everyone - its rhinestones sparkle and the flame stays put in three single blue lines. "I don't even think they're here, to tell you the truth. Why hide, right?"  [OOC] Turtle Jones is in backscroll from when she was afk. Jesse, what's with all the dex+streetwise rolls?  [OOC] Turtle Jones says "....What does streetwise have to do with it?"  [OOC] Wednesday remembers in 2 Ed. streetwise covered such dirty street deeds as pickpocketing.  [OOC] Wednesday says "or at least I think."  [OOC] Jesse shrugs. It seemed appropriate, nobody objected. [OOC] Jesse says "If it's a problem, we can drop the whole "Jesse picked a pocket" thing and just carry on." [OOC] Wednesday says "although, I like wear that leads me."  [OOC] Turtle Jones is sorry she's a bit out of it. She got locked up and had to relog in and then being afk... Okay uhm, as far as what I've always known, Streetwise meant what was going in in black markets, underground, etc. ON the streets. Not an ability used for crime. [OOC] Jesse nods. 'tever. We'll set something else up. So, then, Jesse did not pick a pocket. He merely swapped cigarettes and went to the bathroom.  [OOC] Mary thought there was an actual pickpocketing skill. Or.. am I on crack again? [OOC] Wednesday says "it /is/ a talent. Pickpocketing is a secondary, which, means it can technically be covered under a primary. but its up to the good ol' staffer."  [OOC] Penny says "Right."  [OOC] Mary whews. Ok. Not on crack.  Ever wonder? Now you know. Between banks of pay phones stand two doors, labelled clearly. Jesse walks past the XX door, and pushes open the XY. Thankfully it's not rush hour.  Time passes. It's taking a while.  Jesse re-emerges from the bathroom, unsteady on his heels. His arm, again, finds purchase across Penny's shoulders, but now a bit more support seems to be asked of them, as the lanky caricature drapes in place beside her. A fresh cigarette, unlit, dangles from the smudged lines of his lips.  "Boring, Sidney, boring. Fuck this place. Let's go find trouble."  [OOC] Turtle Jones says "Okay, just an FYI... I'm going to be banning pickpocketing NPCs unless a staff person judges it. In fact, all pickpocketings need to be rolled out, but not judged between two PCs unless you feel it necessary. You shouldn't need a judge for every little thing, after all. This is just because of the high high level of petty crime like pickpocketing that is going on and the cops busting down on it."  [OOC] Turtle Jones says "Just an FYI heads up for you guys."  [OOC] Wednesday nods and will play nice. :)  [OOC] Jesse says "Appreciate the help."  [OOC] Mary says "Gotcha."  "Oooooooh you ain't... you ain't nothing but a hound dog." dum dum dum dum. Turtle Jones seems to stick to one main chord through most of his songs. "No baby, you ain't. Noooooothing. Nothing but a hound dog." He kicks the hat with his foot lightly. "Please give freely, my friends. This is, as they say, the last call."  The long bathroom break -- Wednesday occupies her time with a snack vendor, musing over the nutty-butty bars and kit kats, until Jesse emerges and she decides on...oh, lets say Skittles  .  Mary, having just deposited her 10 in the hat, backs up, turns, and starts heading out at a trot, heading for the street level.. she's dawdled here long enough, after all. Up she goes.. and out.  Mary walks up the flight of stairs back to street level.  Mary has left.  Turtle Jones plays a flourish on the guitar and then pats it lovingly. "Good girl, Bessy. Let's see what we got ourselves." He bends to get the hat.  In the meantime, Penny's flicked a loonie into the busker's hat. Loonie. Who calls their money crazy? Canadians. Good thing she kept the lighter out. Flick, nudging Jesse reminding him this is the part where you're supposed to inhale.  Penny says, in Enochian, "Boring, boring." Heaving his weight so that he might carry himself better, Penny shifts under Jesse's arm and starts out on the right foot. "Yeah, come on. Read my future for me.""   Jesse puffs listlessly at the cigarette, dragging his feet towards the stairs. He says, in Enochian, "Fuck the future." Spoken around his cigarette, its end dancing as he speaks. He says, in Enochian, "Noisy fucking nosy shit, it is." He reaches one hand up to plant it squarely atop his hat, ensuring the rhinestone-studded stetson will not be lost in his ascent. He says, in Enochian, "...here to break everything, and ruin their lives."   You walk up the flight of stairs back to street level.  Downtown - Yonge and King(#200RJ)  The most prominent feature of this intersection is the brand-spanking new Bell Canada Enterprises building. It totally dominates the intersection, towering over all other office complexes, its reflective windows sparkling in the daytime sun. Other notable structures include the Hockey Hall of Fame and the Marche restaurant. BCE Place is often used as a setting for TV or movie film crews, its unique, futuristic architectural design perfect for their purposes. The financial core of Toronto can easily be seen from this spot, located to the west. The many business people are once again seen wandering around like drones going to and from their places of work, and to Union Station to the south.  Jesse arrives from the King station stairwell.  Jesse has arrived.  From afar, Jesse's purse may be snatched. Hang on.  You paged Jesse with 'Ngg.’  Jesse pages: No, Wednesday - I just picked the pocket to hook her into RP, but since it got retconned, she may not rob me.  Long distance to Jesse: Penny laughs, "Can people rob us?"  You have just received a +recc from Portia.  Wednesday arrives from the King station stairwell.  Wednesday has arrived.  Jesse pages: Purse is being snatched on the stairs. Brace for it.  You paged Jesse with 'Should I roll something to kick her ass or what..'.  From afar, Jesse dunnos, let's see what she does.  Jesse and Penny are making their slow way up the stairs.   Slow. Real slow. Misanthropically slow. They are spending near to an eternity getting up the stairs. Right, left. Right, left.   Mesozoically slow.    Wednesday slips on her coat and draws a long breath and shakes off a few jitters. She readies her weapons of choice: the umbrella and the bag of skittles she just bought from the vender in one hand and free's the other. She lurches into a trot, then a jog, then *BAM!* The nab, her hand aimed and coiled around the strap she takes off up the stairs.  [OOC] Wednesday says "oh shush"  _______________________ //.etro: Toronto by Night ____________________  Streetwise   _______________________________________________________________________  Wednesday:  A runaway  She can pickpockets pretty well  She knows a fence who buys stolen credit cards and other items  _______________________________________________________________________  [OOC] Wednesday P  Penny could let Jesse teeter and fall but she takes a breath to steady him. Yes, that's how well they know eachother - they can compensate for eachother better than scales. Then takes off up the stairs after the kid. Doesn't bother yelling, it'd only confuse other people and the goal is to nab just the one.  Killjoy. Jesse's head slams into the steps, blood exploding from his nostrils. Ruin a perfectly good high, why doncha? As Penny departs already in motion, Jesse regains his footing in a crouch, all liquid muscle and seething tendons now, as he straightens himself and quite deliberately continues to climb. Now, he's moving of his own accord, with painstakingly controlled tension convulsing through his limbs. One trembling hand drift along the banister, the other has retrieved his blood-flecked cigarette from the stair and is occupied with bringing it to and from his twisted mouth. The blood, flowing freely from his nose, is left unchecked; twin streams of it divide at his lips and draw a horrible fu manchu against the pallid white of his ashen skin.  He continues, then, to climb.    Though she is of a light complexion, almost alabaster, there's a glow to this girl's face, be it in a jubilant expression or lost in more quiet concerns, or some shine of her hair or eye, that dispells the general pallor of her skin and keeps it from appearing sickly--most of the time at least. Her eyebrows are thin and finely rounded in curves that beframe her shapely, gold-speckled eyes. So too, her cheeks and brow and whisp of chin seem expressed as simple but elegant accessories. If only she would sleep off those bags beneath her eyes, those unsightly dark circles she might completely pull of that look of naive youth. Unfortunately, she comes off looking strangely distant, weary. Her hair is a dark auburn, almost black. It is swooping but falls straight, twisting in careful locks around her shoulders. Somehow, her hair puts unnecessary accent on the very thinness of her neck, colar, wrists, waist, hips and all, making her look a bit too thin--much too thin at times.  Today, Wednesday is dressed in comfortable, practical attire. She wears a pair of black linen trousers. They are rolled at the cuffs where the material touches the fake leather of her canvas tennis shoes. She wears, also, a long sleeve shirt of a cheery pastel color, a tweed bracelet, and a three silvery chains about her neck.  Wednesday is unnerved by the fact that no one even bothered to yell. Idiots--people who haven't been through this, yell. These people *didn't* yell. Fuck. On the first and only level break between steps, Wednesday lifts the bag of skittles up into the air--why not?--and RIPS it wide open. Those Little round -slippery- buggers fly out everywhere, scatter on the tile..  Penny says, in Enochian, "Fucking STAY there." Doesn't need to look, has eyes in the back of her head. Dead serious, scary serious. She's got twice the leg this kid Wednesday does and knows how to use every inch to get the jump on her.  Oh and skittles aren't exactly hard to walk on. They *squish* just like chewing gum when you *step* on them in big, flat-soled boots - as is evident on every city block in every country everywhere in the world.  The sunburnt blonde is coming to get you.  Why couldn't you get the GOBSTOPPERS, Wednesday?! Make a mental note, girl. Next time, next time. For now, just RUN. That woman didn't look like the donut eating-type. Run run run! Wednesday makes it to the top of the stairs, running past startled on-lookers who can't put it all together fast enough.  It is possible to run in heels. With practice, you can do it. It's rarely pretty. Jesse is not practiced, and so opts for the elegant solution of the stroll. Penny is chasing. Jesse is in slow and careful pursuit. Skittles crunch under the flat soles of his platform boots. The blood is now smeared, a ghastly sticky kool aid smile and an eerie patch of wet on the boa. God forbid you stained the jacket. Passerby freeze for a moment at the sight of him, and he is not above taking advantage of the situation. A samsonite briefcase is commandeered, and the wraithly form pivots in place, discus-style.  "Penny. Down."  He lashes out with all the gangly length of his arm, making an atlatl of his elbow as he sends the luggage flying up at the dissapearing thief.   [OOC] Jesse isn't sure what to roll, here.  [OOC] Wednesday says "I'd say dex + athletics?"  [OOC] Wednesday says "unless you have some Throw in there."  [OOC] Jesse says "vs?"  [OOC] Wednesday says "ah...goood question. I can't see you throw it so at least there's no dodge, but she is running at top speed away from you. 7 or 8?"  //.etro: Jesse rolls "dexterity + athletics" at diff 8  For a total of 0 success(es). [OOC] Jesse says "Curses."  [OOC] Wednesday says "phews! :)"  [OOC] Wednesday says "comes down to Penny and Wendy then."  Ryo arrives from the south.  Ryo has arrived.  Ryo comes strolling along, his walking stick occasionally taps the ground with the soft sound of wood on cement.  From out of the subway stairway, Wednesday is running at TOP speed away from Penny. She's carrying a purse in arm and a briefcase is flying past her.  [OOC] Ryo says "as if the case was thrown?"  [OOC] Jesse nods  [OOC] Wednesday nods, "Yup."  [OOC] Wednesday says "thrown from behind her."  Penny dodges right but doesn't slow down. Lips pressed into a tight line, people can hear her muttering in that other language. God and Jesse only know what it is she's saying. Penny is making her presence felt on all sides and people are getting out of her way.  Here she comes, Wednesday. All hot for you.  Penny's arms are stretched out, Penny's arms are longer than the law. Her hands get a hold on the thief's shirt-collar and necklaces.  And she yanks.   Ryo moves pretty damned fast for an old guy. He takes it upon himself to see what the heck is going on as he sprints towards the duo, stick in hand.  Jesse is a bloody mess.  A six foot pole-skinny drag queen who looks like Elvis, pale as death and twice as angry. He climbs the stairs slowly, seething and coiled, blood issuing from his nose and smeared across the pallid reaches of his mouth and chin.  Wednesday *gasps* as she's suddenly choked on the force of her own momentum and brutal pull of the other woman. Her feet kick out from under her, fly up into the air, and send her dropping straight onto her back. This knocks the /rest/ of the air out of the poor girl. Scramble or breath? She doesn't have much time to make the decision. She chooses to breath, sucking back air in a terrible 'huuuuuh' sound.  Ryo pulls out his cell phone even as he slows to s stop not more than maybe twelve feet from the rukus. One hand remains on his walking stick as the other punches three numbers. *beep* *beep* *beep* He stops with his finger poised over the 'send' button,"What is going on here?!"  Arriving beside Ryo, Jesse waves the end of his boa (the end not soaked in his own blood and mucus). "Street Theater." He holds out a hand. "Donate to Artists against Fascist Modernity, sir?"  Penny whistles through her teeth. Not nearly as terrible as it's going to be. Penny didn't even break a sweat. She adjusts her grip, dragging the necklaces and shirt into a tight fist on top of Wednesday, straddling the girl. She says, in Enochian, "Take care of that, hey Jes?" nodding toward the old man with the cane. The blonde begins to kneel down, right knee to the pavement, left boot lurching upwards into the girl's armpit. She gets low, nose to nose with her and hisses She says, in Enochian, "My name is Penny Ante. And you do not steal from me. Ever."   Of course its, useless in these sort of unlikely situations, but instinct drives Wednesday's foot toward Penny's crotch before the leg is subdued. Predictable results. Wednesday doesn't respond to whatever language is spoken, she just tries to lift her body up with all her might--which isn't a whole lot.  "English, Penn." Jesse licks his bloody fingers. "Corn syrup and red number five." He offers them over to Ryo, for a taste. "Sure you wouldn't like to donate? Or help out? We're staging something next month that I think you'd be perfect for." The other hand reaches out, prods the older man's bicep, gently. "Mmm. Perfect. Quite."   Wednesday says, "HELP!" Wednesday screams at Ryo."  "HELP!" Wednesday screams at Ryo.   Ryo doesn't pause any longer. His thumb twitches *beep* 'send',"I'm calling the police to get this settled." he says as he backs out of Jesse's reach.   Jesse says, in Enochian, "Rig's in the bag. Ditch ******** you have."    Penny looks up at Ryo and winks, distinctly at him. That kind of look from that kind of woman? should be enough to convince any man she a) wants him or b) wants his approval ..however brief it may be. But her attention returns to Wednesday's writhing "Good, good. That'll do."  Jesse says, "Let her go, Penny. The police will be here, soon." He shrugs, and uses the end of his boa to wipe at the blood on his face, adjusts his sunglasses, and replaces his hat atop his head. "Whoever she stole the bag from, I'm sure she'll come forward."   [OOC] Ryo says "having trouble getting a staffer to play a copl"  [OOC] Jesse nods. I'm having a bad staff karma day.   Ryo motions the stick to indicate Jesse and Penny,"You two are staying here."   She hisses again, menace murdering her english into a subdued whisper "My name is Penny Ante. And you do not steal from me. Ever. Understand?" She waits another moment. "Nod if you understand and I'll let you go."  Jesse blinks, letting his glasses slide down the length of his nose so he can stare, with blood shot eyes, over them and at the old man. "Excuse me?"  She fights still, but at Jesse's word's, Wednesday slumps. She lets a moment pass in spite before she nods slowly at Penny. She can't look her in the eye.   Ryo picks up his cellular phone and begins to dial.  Ryo says, "That's right, you two aren't going anywhere."  Ryo says, "not till the police can get this figured out."   [OOC] Jesse'd like staff at this point.  [OOC] Ryo says "I'm actually calling miranda on my cell."  [OOC] Ryo says "or are you talking tms?"  [OOC] Jesse isn't sure, I'd just like to speak to the staffer involved.  [OOC] Jesse says "Miranda's doing it?"  [OOC] Ryo says "yeah..talk to miranada."  [OOC] Ryo says "afk for like 3mins."   And like that, the rehearsal is over.  Penny lifts herself up from that crouch with particular attention to two things - Wednesday's downcast eyes and the bag, the latter she picks up and collects as something familiar to her; as someone that owns, protects and keeps. "Thank you," her smile a sliver, her words uttered like instructions. Exeunt.   [OOC] Jesse says "What?"  //.etro: It is 11:30 pm, late night, on Wednesday the 10. day of September, 2008.  [OOC] Jesse says "Listen, I don't mean to be rude, but what the hell is with people interrupting RP, saying "Hang On," and going OOC? This is my first scene IC, and that's twice it's happened."  [OOC] Penny says "I dunno man. I definitely don't get it."  [OOC] Wednesday shrugs, "it happens. RL has a way of breaking into RP. My first scene IC too, by the way."  [OOC] Ryo says "back"  Wednesday is slow to get up. She nurses her injury--some dull pain along her back--as she gets to her feet. Her eyes dart between Penny, Ryo, and Jesse, not sure how to play the scene, wondering if she should run or not. The tension in her muscles show her confusion.  (Directed into the phone) Ryo says "yes."  Devard arrives from the east.  Devard has arrived.  Jesse says, in Enochian, "Chir Iki Tik lesser ******** of ************** and ********* to the loa of the new city ward that phone from its ********?"   Daisy arrives from the south.  Daisy has arrived.   Jesse, blood smeared across his mouth and chin from a bloody nose, is glaring at Ryo and speaking in the language in which he and Penny have been communicating.   Wednesday is just getting up from the ground, clothes a little tossed and scuffed. She stands, not entirely confidently, near Penny.  Ryo glares at Wednesday as her muscles tense for a possible run. His voice is menacing,"Don't move."   Daisy is late.  This is a statement of general fact rather than of current circumstances. Daisy is late to work, late to class, late to bloom, late to bed and, likewise, late to rise. She is, apparently, here to pick someone up, but is rather late to that as well.  About a block south of here, travelling at a bouncing jog, she's coming up the street, looking frantically about for something or another.   Devard is bored. This, too, is a general state of affairs, as he meanders up from the west. However, what he sees ahead of him loos downright Fun! Let's go watch, Shall we? A.. predatory grin, and he alters course for the incipient fight.   Wednesday locks eyes with Ryo. Some desperation begins to seep out from behind her demeanor. She swallows, looks to Jesse for any kind of cue.   Jesse shrugs at Ryo and turns his back on the man, walking over to offer Wednesday a hand up. "I hate this script. We need a better ending."   Penny says, in Enochian, "DAZE" Her voice authoratative and welcoming. That person there belongs here. Those movements, these seconds come apart as Penny catches sight of Daisy and positions herself as one set downstage. "You get all that on tape? I think we need to rework some blocking here.."   Devard has reconnected.  Devard has partially disconnected.   It's not difficult to find the people she's looking for: they are, as usual, clustered in a loose bunch and looking for trouble. Pulling up beside them, she gestures.   Wave hello. Hang loose. Want a cigarette?   Devard has reconnected.  Devard has partially disconnected.  Devard has reconnected.  Devard has partially disconnected.  Devard has reconnected.  Devard has partially disconnected.  Devard has reconnected.  Devard has partially disconnected.  Devard has reconnected.  Devard has partially disconnected.  Devard has reconnected.  [OOC] Devard snarls.  Devard has partially disconnected.   A smile breaches Wednesday's face like sudden light through a cracked door. She nods quickly, disjointedly. "Yeah. A happy one." Her laugh curls up.   He pulls Wednesday to her feet, nods, then lights a cigarette and turns to grin at the raver who has turned up. "Oi, Daze." Peace. Got a cigarette? His hand moves through the greeting gesture by rote, absently. "How'd it look? You think the blood's real enough?" Jesse plucks the cigarette from his lips and offers it to her.   Ryo can't seem to get a signal on his phone, but narrows his gaze at Jesse and Penny,"Be on your way will-workers." he says, no sign of fear in his voice.  Devard quirks a brow at Ryo's words. "Ahem." he says, as he stops nearby. "Perhhaps I can be of some assistance in Mediation?"   Wednesday straightens up her back, stands proud, waves her hands like the winding of a toy dancer. At Ryo's words, and the lowering of his phone, she begins to make a bee-line to...well, anywhere that *isn't* here. She smiles politely at Ryo as she passes, and tries only a moment's sheepish glance back at Penny.   Penny says, in Enochian, "Stupid fucking kids." Penny mimes Jesse's wave and relights the cigarette for Daisy; went out after too much mashing and fake-blood got in the way. "You're late, too." She looks at the girl as if to say What's the story, mornin'glory? "I got here just in time.""   Miranda arrives from the north.  Miranda has arrived.  [OOC] Miranda says "Just ignore me...watching the scene as a storyteller type."  Jesse is, at this point, ignoring Ryo. He leans in to plant a bloody peck on Daisy's cheek. "Inscrutable." Straightens. Stretches. Adjusts his hat. "What in god's name are we doing here? It's freezing. Penny. English, please."  "Looked great," Daisy says confidently. "Shit. Now where's she going?"  One hand darts to her pocket, pulls a cigarette, offers it to Jesse. Her expression is fixed into straight-arrow neutrality, though her forehead is wrinkled into nestred chevrons of worry.  A beat passes, and she adds, "and who the fuck is the jap?"  Ryo gives chase to the fleeing woman. Maybe he wants some answers.  Wednesday just...walks. Footsteps. Is that some one coming up behind her? Keep walking. Keep walking. She doesn't turn to face Ryo until he's right up next to her. She looks up.  Jesse shrugs languidly, gesturing with the cigarette taken from Daisy. "Him? Dunno. Just some whatever. Didn't like the scene, I don't think." He calls over. "Sir? Was it the dialogue or the acting?" A blink, a frown. "Sir? Pleased not to be harassment of the actrissings. Expressley verbotened by the mnngt."  Compton arrives from the south.  Compton has arrived.  Devard blinks. He's being ignored! Sheesh. You walk up to a fight, offer to help them cool it.. and they run away. Figures. So, he just stands there, watching. Hey, He's a totally innocent bystander!  Yeah, the old man with the cane, running. After a kid. That's funny. Really - should get that on tape, too. Penny hasn't even checked the contents of the bag yet. "Sorry. Right - it's fucking freezing. Let's find a diner? Do they have diners in this country?"  Compton plods along the west side of hte street, his hand shoved deeply in to this pockets and his head hung low. A grimice planted on his face.  Jesse is pointing, when Compton arrives, at the departing form of Wednesday, trying to skulk, and at the Nipponese gentleman chasing her. "Fuck Diners. What bar have we colonized?"  You have just received a +recc from Ryo.  Alyx has arrived.  Wednesday walks east along King to Church.  Wednesday has left. [OOC] Alyx lets curiosity get the better of her. So, rar.  Ryo walks east along King to Church.  Ryo has left.  [OOC] Devard cackles.  Wednesday pages: Well that was fun. :) See you around town.  You paged Wednesday with '-Yes- it was. Look forward to it :)'.  "Fuck bars," Daisy responds casually, her carefully practiced neturality swinging upward into a half-grin. "Fuck bars entirely. You got to see this video me and Hiro made. Better than the Real World. Better than Iron Chef. Better than anything."  With her free hand, she shoves back a few lank strands of black hair.  "Except maybe that thing you did in Nevada with following Good Master Thompson," she amends. "Dju you ever get that car out of the ravine?"  Comptonstomps up to Jesse and Penny, and drags a hand from his pants and check a digital watch and scowles at it, "Jesus, what you guys doing? Been waiting for 40 minutes." he states clearly, scoweling at the lot.  She just has to turn around. Jesse's pointing "Hey what'd that guy say to you anyway?" And oh lord, things are getting interesting. "Old fuckin'man." Penny can't grin but she can whistle at Compton just to make him feel funny. "Where the hell have you people been?" ... wait, that might explain it .. "You were at the wrong station. Weren't you. This isn't like the Bart, C."  Alyx read your description.   Pause. More blinking. He Just.. Grins at Daisy, not really caring if she's looking his way or not. "Hey, How's hiro doing? You two get your laundry done?" Devard calls out. yes, He's butting in. He /said /he was bored. "I've got some stuff that might interest the pair of you.."  "Pobs said Union" the old guy (Compton) gruffs.  Compton jerks his thumb back over his shoulder, south-like, "Fucking Hummers 4 blocks down>" he says, "Didn't want to have to move it again."   Someone else comes a-strolling down the street, chatting quietly on her cellphone. That someone, however, rings off when she spies a group of quasi-familiar people down the way, tucking aforementioned technology into her bag and shrugging that back onto her shoulder.  Alyx lifts a hand in mute wave towards Daisy and Hiro, apparently unconcerned that it's the dead of night, and she's out walking on her own.  [OOC] Daisy says "Compton, not Hiro. :) Yes, I know Daisy and Hiro are always together. Unfortunately, he's not here right now."  You say, "When isn't Pobs on something, old man.." she hugs him even as she chastizes him. "Really. Are we situated yet? Or are we all staying at the Holiday Inn without knowing it..""  [OOC] Alyx says "Comp. I am so conused. Him. :>"  [OOC] Alyx says "Old guy. :>"  "Pobs," Daisy says, gesturing with the tip of her cigarette toward Compton, "is a git. An utter git. If I trusted him, I'd be waiting on Union with my thumb up my ass."  [OOC] Jesse, drag queen, elvis. Daisy, raver. Penny, sunburned, hippy.  [OOC] Alyx says "I swear, the cat drags in something new every day 0:)"  [OOC] Penny says "Eat me, not a hippy."  [OOC] Daisy says "Call me a raver IC, and you get the shiv, Jesse."   Compton patpats Penny on the back, looking like an Uncle afraid of getting caught on camera with his neice, "Rose Motel's cheaper" he replys.  Jesse says, in Enochian, "Nip had a weird *********. Astrals all freaky and glowy. left trails and shit. Lets keep an eye on him."   [OOC] Devard,Bored magician. Don't forget /that/. :p  Jesse pulls his attention back from the east, and shrugs, letting his rose colored attention pan across the motley cast as his pale, blood-smeared face twists into a crooked grin. "Who's sorted?"  Penny seethes, spits "I *trusted* that fucking *monkey* and look what it got me." She's talking about her sunburn and the dreads. "I'm going to spit Dave, roast him and eat him. While Pobble watches."  Upon getting close enough, Alyx interjects mildly, "Maybe without Dave, I could actually get some sense out of Dr Steve." A bright, almost saccharine smile is offered towards Epnny and Jesse, before she asides to Daisy, "S'up?"  Jesse has/had a bloody nose, y'see. And it smeared all over. Look sort of ghastly, I do.  Well. Devard wouldn't say that. Best not to Inquire. Yay! /another /familiar face. "What, Alyx? You know /another/ Dave?" he grins, taking a few steps towards her. "No rose at the moment, Alas. Friends of yours?"  Jesse slaps his wrist, suddenly, where his watch is under his coat, and looks around intently.  "I get the first bite, on account of Dave keeps trying to touch me while I'm asleep," Daisy mumbles, taking a deep, aggrieved drag on her cigarette. This is not the only complaint; there are several more, but they're muffled into incoherence by the presence of her filter. "We've arrived. All of us now; all seven, except for the one we can't mention. This is Kid Sinister, whose name is that because he's sinister as fuck, and this is Penny Delightful, whose name is that on account of she's wholly delightful and cheery as the noonday sun and, no, not at all bitter."  Jesse, wrapping his boa around his neck, tucks one platformed foot behind the other and bows his rhinestoned head in a parodic curtsy when his name is called, skeletal arms splaying out to either side as his knees bend with the gesture.  To say that Alyx jumps slightly at Devard's comment woulden't be entirely true....she's startled, though lazily so. Jumping would take far too much effort. "Ah...yeah," she murmurs, then mock-frowns at   Devard. "No rose? Not good enough, David!" She shakes her head bemusedly, looking forward once more at Daisy's comment, one brow raising slightly.  Sacha arrives from the north.  Sacha has arrived.  Penny steps back a bit from the swarm to marvel at chaos springing eternal and stare daggers into Daisy's stone(r)cold heart "It's Penny Ante," she reaches behind her head, fingering something that makes her wince .. wince more than Jesse's curtsy and looks at Devard "You're Dave. We have to call you something else. The monkey is Dave and you shouldn't have to live with that."  "Alyx, this is Compton, Compton, this is Alyx, Jesse, this is Alyx, Penny, this is Alyx, Alyx, this is Penny, Alyx, this is Jesse, Jesse, this is Compton, Compton, this is Jesse, Jesse, this is Penny, Penny, this is Compton," Daisy says in chipmunkish sequence, outlining every possible permutation of introduction available. "And you are too delightful, Penny, Penny-my-pet; too delightful for words or, uh, even to be particularly nice to me even though you ain't seen me for like for-fuckin'-ever."  She does not introduce Devard. She, in fact, avoids looking at Devard directly, and winces visibly when he is introduced.  "Penny?" Jesse leans in, tilts his head, mutters something, as he looks at the crowd.  Jesse mutters to Penny, "... a bathroom... I... fix again."  Jesse mutters "There a bathroom near here? I want to fix again."  Sacha is walking down the street, crowded tonight. He coughs and takes another drag of his ciggarette. Keeps walking. Not like he know's anyone here. Not really. Just some big tattooed guy walking at night.   Alyx sketches an exaggerated bow as she's introduced - repeatedly - and grins loosely. "Yeah. Don't really need to say any more," she observes, shaking her head a little. Turning, she beckons Devard down a little (she's only short, remember), presumably to murmur something to him, quiet-like.  Penny cants her entire self backward against Jesse and hmns and nods and looks around.  Devard thought that might happen. His grin grows. "Im' sorry, Alyx.. My dinner date ran off with it." he chuckles. "Hmm. Magnofico?" he suggsets to Penny, grinning. Looks back to Daisy. "How's Hiro doing?" he leans over to listen to Alyx.. still grinning.   Penny mutters to Jesse.  You whisper "Yeah, c'mon I'll take you." to Jesse.  Alyx mutters to Devard, "... of... to... Would... down... the... grab... fetch... things?"   Penny pushes off Jesse with a '1 sec' gesture, grabs Daisy because she can and hugs her because she should, leaning down on her head "Gimme a break, it's that fucking monkey's fault. You can show me the thing and I'll buy. All night."   Alyx imparts whatever dire and important information she needs to, before grinning impishly at the taller man and turning back towards the cluster of freaks, watching antics bemusedly.     It's almost .. no, it's exactly like a family reunion. Only it's happy. And there's no drunk uncle pinching asses. Yet.   Devard blinks, quirks a brow, then eans forward to whisper something /back/ to Alyx.  my, this is a conspiratorial group, Neh?  Devard mutters to Alyx, "... your..."  Sacha walks past the cluster, boots a noticible sound as he moves past, his eyes travel over the people, recognizing one letting them linger on Alyx a moment as he moves on by.  +recc for Wednesday sent.  Never losing her smile, Alyx remarks something in return to Devard, hands gesturing vaguely before her arms cross.  Alyx mutters to Devard, "... it is. Now go...."  Compton seems to have zones out in the distance. Then he's back, blinking a few times and looking around annoyed, '...fucking hell...' he mumbles to himself.   Miranda goes home.  Miranda has left.  You have just received a +recc from Wednesday. [OOC] Daisy says "Ur. One second."  Compton sighs and looks, back the way he came, "We goin or not kids?" he asks with all the patience of a underslept grizzley. "The 'Pots' just two blocks away..." he offers up as a solution.  Jesse reemerges from a nearby convenience store, his face washed, his makeup fixed, his complexion death-pale and ashen. With langid and sluggish coservatism of motion, he drapes himself again on Penny's shoulder, and begins to navigate his way back to the riot in waiting, said navigation made difficult on account of his giant platform heels.  A lucky strike, left between his lips, is pursued by a disposable lighter whose flame vaccilates and weaves, unsteady and for a long time unsuccessful in its efforts to engage the cigarette in meaningful dialogue on the topic of fire. Sighing visibly as that trial ends in a victory for the forces of chemistry, Jesse sags once more, slumping in place, his long, lethargic frame curling in on itself.  "Pleasedta, Alex." He turns to Daisy, tilts his head to one side, mumbles something gutteral.  Jesse says, in Enochian, "who is she?"   Devard grins some more. "Spoilsport." he sighs, and turns to walk back west. "Very well. But only because you asked so nicely."  Alyx smiles brightly towards Devard, hands clasping absently behind her back for a moment, before one slips forward to her hip to toy with the ribbons dangling there.  At first glance, Alyx seems to be somewhere between adulthood and adolescence. She's a small woman, reaching to a mere 5'2", her frame diminuitive and given to willowy limbs, leaving her with the appearance of a gangly teen, at times. Only when one looks to her pale, heart-shaped face, do the less-obvious signs of age come into play. Fine laughter lines about her eyes and a somewhat cynical quirk to her lips all hint at her being somewhat older than teenage, perhaps even so far as into her early thirties. Her black hair, cropped short in a somewhat pixieish manner, frames her face nicely, setting off the startling green of her eyes. These are often partly obscured by a pair of wire-rimmed reading glasses.   She's clad in a skirt and blouse, both of cotton. The blouse is plain and white, no frills or ruffles though the sleeves billow slightly before drawing in at the wrist. A single pocket sits over the left chest-pannel, embroidered with a small gold sun. The skirt is similarly plain in cut, black and straight, a narrow triangle cut from by her left ankle up to just above that knee, revealing a red silk underlayer. The shirt is tucked into this, revealing the real color to her outfit. A two-inch wide belt woven from narrow strips of brightly colored ribbon circles her waist, sporting hues like sunset pink, spring green, lemon yellow and many others. Tied loosely at the side, the ribbons have been unwound to hang down along her left leg, fluttering with each movement. Her feet are protected by inch-high platformed sandels, revealing toes decorated with two silver rings and gold-painted nails.    Carrying:  Cellphone  The man before you stands maybe 5'8", dark brown eyes, in sharp contrast to his pale white skin, flickering around, trying to take everything in. Of about average build, he still manages to come across as skinny: his skin, though, despite it's paleness, shows signs of weathering, suggesting he's been outdoors a lot. THis idea is further reinforced by his clothing.. His footwear, at least: Sturdy blue jeans are tucked into stout brown walking boots, and a simple white shirt that has seen better days covers his upper torso, long bilowing sleeves rolled up around his wrists. Completing the ensemple, a dark green trenchcoat, fastened loosely around the waist, the inside evidently modified for many, many pockets.  Motion, really, is the hallmark of this man: his hands, especially, long and dextrous, always seem to be moving, or toying with something.    //.etro: It is 01:14 am, late night, on Thursday the 11. day of September, 2008.  Penny had been standing, waiting for Jesse so there's like - zero surprise that he slumps on her and even less that he's not-quite chain smoking. "I think we need to walk a little. Where you going? We'll catch up."  Sacha walks west along King to Bay.  Sacha has left.  Sacha arrives from the east.  Sacha has arrived.  Sacha walks east along King to Church.  Sacha has left.  [OOC] Devard offers a yoyo? ;) Bungee cord?  [OOC] Penny snickers.  [OOC] Alyx says "Boomerang ]=)"  [OOC] Devard neds to get some doves..  "Honey Pot" Compton says in his gruff voice, "Two blocks down that ways." he says with all the clairity of a cloud. "You comming?" he asks Daisy.  "No, no. No walk. I'm fine." Jesse waves the tip of his cigarette to gesture how fine he is. And drops it. Into a puddle. So he stares in disbelief at the soaked cigarette, just for long enough to forge he'd been smoking and then it's back to searching for cigarettes, trailing after Penny, and smiling at a point in space roughly a meter and a half to Alyx's left. "Where's Piggy? He always got tweak." Jesse rubs his nose roughly with the back of his hand. "Palindrome time twice since we stood here." He's looking in the puddle again. "Ixat in the puddle, Eye-Led in the windows. Phil Hine says palindrome time is the signpost of synchronicity." He walks, with Penny, away from the group, still speaking. "You know that, Daze? Coincidence making itself known. Dark mirrored nuevaztlani chrometoothed taxis grinning in the oilslick raibbows. Waiting around the corner. Seething to get in. Eleven eleven makes the tetragrammaton a temporal noumenon. Hang loose. Got a smoke?"  Devard walks west along King to Bay.  Devard has left.  You have just received a +recc from Jesse.  If Alyx comprehends even the tiniest fraction of what Jesse just said, it dosen't show. Nope. "Daize, gimme a call when you've got a second, would you?" she calls over to the 'raver' girl, her expression changing to one of grim determination once Devard has made his exit.  Penny meanders with Jesse and keeps up with his babble, talking about iled and nepo, about multiple suns and where the needles go. She gives him another cigarette and hangs loose at Daisy as Jesse's heels fail to keep him aright for very long.  He ain't heavy, he's my brother.  [OOC] Penny says "ttfn - thanks everyone :)"