         Outside the Pool Hall, Dark Alley.  Bob hears the door opening and quickly shoves whatever he was holding back into the trashcan.  "Aha," she nods slowly, a flare in her eyes almost draconic before it disappears and he has a chance to glance back her way. "They couldn't take a woman giving Arthur his sword ta do right, and had ta come up with all sorts of allegories. Lies. Ladies in water, swords in stone. Clearly its yours. Though I'd keep it out of plain sight." Ailsa stands in the mouth of the alley, watching Bob root about in the trash to pull out a shotgun.  The trash won't take it's self out. That's what Cash is for, his lot in life for the day. Domestic in nature, though still a grave necessity. It comes in the form of two black glad bags, stretched to their limitations by a misshapen clump of bottles in various states of breakage. Cigarette dangling in his worn lips, leaking whips of smoke into his face. If that cherry gets any closer to the hilt, he'll be in danger of setting his hair on fire.   Notting two others present, Cash muffles a 'pardon me' as he moves towards the large bin to make a deposit.  Bob steps back and smiles in a way that indicates he's very nervious, "Morning! Afternoon. Evening. Whatever."  Ailsa's gaze lingers on Cash for a moment, again that faintly greenish flash that must be a trick of the light. "Oh, bother," she murmurs in a tone mere shades above disgusted. "Figures. Why are the lessons always so pungent?"  Wait. Mental rewind. Cash is now by the large bin, both hands occupied by trash bags and a cigarette obscuring his vision and muffling his words. But did he just see a shotgun in the trash? Sneakers pause in the wet center that runs down the alley. Eyes shift between Ailsa and Bob like an interrupting parent.   "Wha' th' 'uk 's goin' on?" He asks, words falling clumsily around the smoke. Bending at the knees, one bagful is dropped so he may pluck the offending butt from his lips to speak clearer. "... like uh, who brought the heater to the party, man?" The editorial 'man' in this case, Cash is mostly focused on the nervous suit.  Bob blinks and looks at cash, "What pray tell are you talking about?"  "Our young hero has found his sword," Ailsa says smoothly, nodding once to Bob. "As his self appointed witch in the forest guide, I'm encouraging him to let destiny tug him along by the short hairs. Since she will anyway, its better ta walk with company than alone."  Bob blinks, "You two know each other?"  A double take towards Ailsa, if he were drinking it would qualify as a 'spit-take'. But nothing to dribble out his chapped lips save the remains of his cigarette and the last drink he had. Cash, now changes, ever so slightly. Feet move minutely farther apart from one another centering themselves directly under each denim shoulder. Brows furrow under the veil of hair and the other bag's allowed to join it's contemporary on the alley floor. He does in fact; look into the large trash bin. Is there a shotgun there?  Oddly enough, no. Said gun you swear you saw Bob stuff in the dumpster just a few moments ago is inexplicably gone.  Ailsa mms cautiously. "Not in so many words, no. But one storybook character can recognize another when they're beside one another on the shelf, no matter how dusty or disreputable. Are we done here, Mr. Messiah? There are places in the woods I'm not sure its safe to linger after dark, so far off the path."  Bob says, "Umm... Sure. just let me..." He looks into the dumpster over Cash's shoulder, then blinks alot. He moves the trash around alot then looks puzzled, "But... it was... right here." He frowns a bit and steps back. He looks at Cash, then Ailsa, "Yes... moving on might be good." He turns to walk over towards Ailsa rather quickly.  The young woman purses her lips, never looking away from Cash. Low, "Its truly not wise to meddle in someone else's story. It makes them want to turn your pages with greater attention. The sort of thing one presumes, living in such a location, you're interested in avoiding. Do you want to rethink that particular relocation, in the interests of fellowship and a kindly word?"  This will definitely require a long drag as Cash returns from the bin without the prize he was seeking.   "Hold the phone, man..." Cash says with east-coast spice. He looks to Ailsa and points two fingers with movements like maple syrup. "This is someone's backyard yer playin' dungeons 'n dragons in. I expect a... 'mother may I?' first, ya know? 'Specially from a cultured broad like yerself."  Bob looks at Ailsa like she's a total fruitcake, but comments nothing, insted heading for the end of the alleyway where he pauses to wait for her to join him.  "You don't have any house signs up," Ailsa remarks rather frigidly. "Nor were you apparently aware of someone waking up in your vicintity after a long nap. Therefore you've rather missed your bus. But if you insist upon this sort of path, its yours to walk." And turning, marches with a set mouth out of the alley to join Bob. "Come, then. There were seven swords of Wayland. We shall find you another."  Bob nods to Ailsa and heads out as he comments, "I don't know what's wierder... How   "My bus says 'College' on it. Look it up, ya wacki fuckin' broad..." Annoyance salts Cash's tongue and ash falls into the dirty alley water. Content to watch the two leave, this unlikely dawn pair. A wandering odd couple, perhaps on their way to get some breakfast crack. So it's with a laugh at that thought, Cash cracks a smile.   "Have fun stormin' the castle'" Cash does his best Billy Crystal and deposits the bags of trash.'.