I RAMBLE, THEREFORE I AM.   Got into a semi-heavy email discussion with some of my classmates over Gen. Boykin's comments.  Needless to say, they were "Shocked and Offended(tm)."  In my response, posted below, I kinda went off on their general approach to warfare and terrorism.  **WARNING: RANT AHEAD**   -------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Know what'd be really cool though?  If the LA Times released the full transcripts and videos of the Boykin speeches...buuuutt......they won't.  That aside, what is the complaint about Boykin's speech? That it will piss off Muslims? What, they weren't ready to turn themselves into human party-favors ANYWAY?  Placating terrorists and their "moderate" supporters will not win ANY war (let alone this one). It will certainly not win a war against an ideologically driven enemy that shows neither restraint nor concern for who it murders in its attempts to establish a theocratic Islamic state.  Terrorism is used ONLY because it is believed to be effective. Nothing more. While it is often couched in rhetoric that terrorists "can't be reasoned with."  They can be.  But they only respond to the harsh realities that only total war can bring. If you respond to suicide attacks with committee meetings, then you merely reinforce the notion that the West is both cowardly and decadent.   This was true of the Kamikazes, and it is true of the Islamic Terrorists.  You remove the threat of Islamofascistic terrorism when you remove the incentive to commit such acts.  You remove the incentive when you make the consequences of such acts so horrible and painful to the individuals that commit them and the societies that sponsor them that no amount of Koran-thumping idiocy will convince them to fly planes into skyscrapers.  I drew the parallel to the Kamikazes, does this mean I recommend nuking Riyadh? No. Islamic terror states have not advanced to the point of militarism and mass "psychosis" that the Japanese did such that we'd face millions of Saudis (or Syrians, or Egyptians, or Iranians) ready to commit sepuku if we invaded.  The attacks on Coalition troops are troubling, but they are the product of an ineffective minority whose only hope is that we prove as cowardly as they claim and that we choose to flee and surrender a country of 25 million to a group less than 1/20th that size.  We have a commitment to our soldiers. But we also have a commitment to history.  The pissant barkings of corrupt Arab kleptocracies and spineless European bureaucrats will matter little in the final analysis when the choice is between freeing 25 million from the grip of a murderous tyrant or trying to adhere to some outdated and corrupt notion of "international law" advocated by those same corrupt states in the General Assembly.   Make no mistake, that IS the choice we face. You can complain about the tactics, you can complain about whether this or that convoy route is the safest. You can complain about who should draft an Iraqi constitution or what authority should the Coalition Provisional Authority grant the governing council next week. Those objections are all fine and admirable. But they are mere flyspecks in the grand campaign that is the war against terrorism. Germany did not have elections for 4 years following the end of World War II. Life Magazine complained, not 6 months after the fall of the Reich that the US was "losing the peace" in the reconstruction of Germany.  Take that into consideration.  We did not choose for 3000 of our countrymen to be murdered.  But it happened. And an aroused and angered free Western society is a terrible sight to behold.  Yamamoto was more than prescient to say, after Pearl Harbor that "I fear all we have done is to awaken a sleeping giant and fill him with a terrible resolve."  We did not choose this war. But seeing it through to its completion has become our burden. And as we have done throughout our history, we will do so stoically, fiercely, and completely.