MATRIX REVOLUTIONS=HIPPY 1970s CARTOON VERSION OF TOLKIEN?   Here's the last Matrix Revolutions review you'll ever want to read because after the crappy ass analogy I'm going to draw, you're going to unplug your PC and see if WiFi can also WiFLY.  Now, how many saw the 1980 Rankin/Bass   Return of the King  cartoon? If you remember, at one point, Samwise envisions a world without the One Ring after its destruction and the end of the War of the Ring.  In that flashback we see a lovely scene in the Shire where we see lovely little Hobbit children (presumably Sam's) laughing and cavorting...  ...with ORC BABIES!!!  Yup. Hobbits and Orcs living together. MASS HYSTERIA! This was the garbage that the 1979/1980 travesty that was Rankin/Bass foisted upon the masses with their "reading" of Tolkien.  The Orcs weren't inherently evil and twisted by the Dark Lord. They were just misunderstood sacs of sludge with unique skincare techniques.  So in that brief little "flash-forward" we get a glimpse of the hippy hell of irredeemably evil Orcs living in the Shire alongside our sympathetic idyllic Hobbits.  **WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH THE MATRIX?**SPOILERS** Glad you asked. Well, the "peace treaty" Neo signed with the Machines is basically the same sort of "co-existence" BS as in ROTK.  Not only is it completely antithetical to the very nature of the Machines (they don't suffer humanity's existence through any sort of goodwill--they grow us for energy-that's it), it's also a complete clusterf*** in terms of the whole plot of the original Matrix which was to FREE the humans from the blind slavery of the Matrix.  So we now have a "peace" whereby the Machines will release those that want out. Ok, presumably that's only those that subconsciously decide to get out, since any more than that would threaten the Machines' power supply.    Surely the Machines won't actually TELL people that their entire existence is a sham and that they are just grist for the mill, right? Ok, so presumably that means some more of the Zionistas will have to plug in to "enlighten" some of them.  Machines can't have that so what will they do? Load Agents into the program to prevent any "unauthorized liberation."  Zionistas won't like this, battle ensues. WE ARE RIGHT BACK WHERE WE FRIGGIN' STARTED!  Man did that movie bug the hell out of me.