COLD MOUNTAIN.    Went and saw this film on Thursday afternoon with the wife and some of her friends.  I'll leave the questions of   historical accuracy  (a couple of which seem rather troubling given even my limited--but growing!--knowledge of the subject) to the experts.    All in all, the movie wasn't terrible. I enjoyed some the  Odyssey -esque aspect of it (I realize the book is Odyssey in 1964--and I liked that) where the main character tries to get home after the war (still during the war technically--the deserting bastard) and meets all sorts of colorful, humorous, wretched, and terrifying people/situations along the way.  I liked that general aspect of the story. The supporting roles were played well--from the lecherous preacher to the perpetually drunk "master of all sluts".  That being said, the   Financial Times  sums the lead characters up well:  The place is full of Britons, blagging away with southern accents.  Yeah, neither Nicole Kidman (who's an Aussie, I know) nor Jude Law sound terribly convincing in their attempts to "go native."  Renee Zelwegger sounds like she's a  Hee-Haw  reject--despite having such a horrid accent, her character is also one of the more interesting ones. But Law's character of Inman sounds downright retarded in his accent--he sometimes drops his voice so low and speaks so SLOOOOOOOOW that I half expect him to grab a rabbit and call it "George"  Ultimately though, the love story between Inman and Ada (Kidman) feels hollow. If it weren't for the overhanging threat of war and the insanely difficult circumstances it throws these two people into--the romance would have NOTHING going for it.   On top of that, the movie DRAGS.  I knew I was in trouble when I kept thinking of scenes in the preview that I'd seen but were as yet, nowhere to be found in the film and knowing that the film couldn't rationally introduce them--leading to the conclusion that we had SOME TIME left before getting to those moments.  On the positive side: Colorful side characters, good period mountain music, excellent depiction of The Crater at Petersburg (with some minor historical quibbles--notably the lack of black troops in the Crater--I saw one, his name was Token).  Final score? eh, 6/10