THE PASSION  .  Went and saw the film today.  Now, I was raised Catholic. Never got confirmed, never practiced beyond the obligatory church attendance that my school required, so I don't really have an axe to grind here, but that being said, this is one tough movie to watch.  It's the most brutal thing I've ever watched.  It's also one of the most intense movies I've ever watched.  I freely admit to crying during it.  You're one hard-hearted SOB if you don't.  On the Anti-Semitism charges, this claim has merit if you only watch about 1/3 of the film.  Here are some of the objections I've seen most often and my responses after having seen the film.   The Jewish priests are portrayed poorly in their desire to kill Jesus .   True, except for those that expressly call the "trial" an outrage and want nothing to do with it, only to be ushered out by the rest.    The crowd that calls for Pilate to free Barabbas/crucify Jesus reflects poorly on Jews .   True, but it was also a crowd that was bought and paid for.  There is a scene earlier in the film where some of the Jewish soldiers go around passing out money to try to "get whoever you can" to show up at the trial.  Further, the crowd that follows Jesus as he is carrying his cross is mixed with those that support the spectacle, and those that are horrified at it.  Hardly a uniform indictment.     The film is too violent.    It's a remarkable conceit that people sometimes allow themselves in explaining for others what their faith should and should not contain. (I'll admit, I engage in that only insofar as "Don't blow me up" is a major tenet of a particular faith)  But to say that the film is too violent kind of defeats the whole purpose of focusing on the last 12 hours of Jesus' life.   When popular culture has taken a faith's savior and turned him into the "Buddy Christ", folks might need a lil reminder what exactly made him Jesus CHRIST instead of "Jesus, Man on Donkey."       The film doesn't focus enough on Jesus' teachings .   This is kind of in line with the violence objection.  It presumes to say what another's religious stories should and should not contain.  I think part of the reason that Jesus has become such a POP-culture icon is that society has NOT focused on his suffering and instead turned him into some pansy-fied New-Agey guru that walks around preaching "good times."  If the major facet of the faith was that Jesus suffered and died for the transgressions of man, it's probably good to be reminded of that in sufficiently forceful terms.  I don't want my savior to be like Eddie Murphy from "Holy Man" but without the melanin.      Pontius Pilate is potrayed sympathetically .   This is the toughest issue, I think if you view Pilate as having no power to affect the situation, then he comes across as semi-sympathetic.  I didn't view him that way though.  I saw him portrayed more as a snivelling little bureaucrat whose only goal was to retain his own position with as little trouble as possible.  So all the scences where he continually places the question of what is to be done to Jesus to the Priests, he's not doing it from any sense of sympathy towards him, but rather because he doeesn't want to be the one to make ANY decision.  There is a scene in which Pilate mentions the threat his position is under from Rome and how he is, in his eyes, bound to piss off at least ONE group no matter his decision re: Jesus.  But in the film it's still clear that the Priests must defer to the decisions of Pilate, but that Pilate is too much of a selfish panty-waste to do anything about it.  So he tries to "wash his hands" of the affair.  In my mind this isn't a sympathetic treatment.  He had the ability to not sentence Jesus to death.  And rather than do that, he shirked.  That ain't exactly a glowing portrait.    Finally, as I said I am not a practicing Catholic, but I will say that from all the reading I've done about this film and the film itself has certainly caused something of an internal debate for myself.  I'm more interested than I have been in years about re-entering the Church (maybe even getting ACTUALLY confirmed...who knows), and learning more about my faith.    After having seen what one man went through for me, that's the LEAST I could do.