I AM TAKING CONFLICT OF LAWS THIS SEMESTER.  So obviously the issue of gay marriage is fairly relevant. So I found this list of questions which basically are conflicts questions that    David Frum has posed to Andrew Sullivan on the issue.   Now, I generally like Sullivan's writing, but as he himself has said, is not a constitutional scholar/lawyer (reader?), so when he goes off on how clear and obvious the result of his pet issue should be, I get a lil queasy.  Anyway.  Frum's piece is a Conflicts scholar's wet dream, some of which include:   1) A Massachusetts man buys a condo in Miami. He marries another Massachusetts man. The condo purchaser dies before he can write a new will. Who inherits the condo?   2) Two Massachusetts women marry. One of them becomes pregnant. The couple split up, and the woman who bore the child moves to Connecticut. The other woman sues for visitation rights. What should the Connecticut courts do?  3) A Massachusetts man is accused of stock fraud. The federal Securities and Exchange Commission subpoenas his spouse. The spouse claims marital privilege and refuses to answer the SEC’s questions. May the SEC compel him to answer anyway?  4) A Massachusetts woman marries another Massachusetts woman. The relationship sours. Without obtaining a divorce, she moves to Texas and marries a man. Has she committed bigamy?  5) Two married Massachusetts men are vacationing in another state. One of them has a stroke. The hospital concludes he will never recover. Local law requires the hospital to ask the next of kin whether to continue treatment. Whom should it ask?  6) A Massachusetts man marries a foreign visitor to the United States. Should the foreigner be entitled to US residency?  7) A Delaware family set up a trust for their son. The son moves to Massachusetts, marries a man, and then gets divorced. The trust is the son's only financial asset. Should the Massachusetts take the trust into account while dividing up the couple’s possessions? If yes, what happens when the Delaware trustees refuse to comply?  8) A Massachusetts woman married to another woman wins a lawsuit against a California corporation. She dies before she can collect her debt. Her closest blood relative demands that the corporation pay the relative, not the surviving spouse. Who should get the money?   Man this class is gonna suck.