Cobb   takes issue  with Victor Davis Hanson and his recent book "Mexifornia." Cobb writes:   Victor Davis Hanson asserts in a jumble of historical facts that multiculturalists are responsible for spreading a fog of victimology which has poisoned the American spirit and resolve. Ultimately he places blame at the foot of Marxism, which is a good thing because there is much to multiculturalism he refuses to understand in his current indictment. What he refuses to see is the extent to which multiculturalism is not internationalist politics but an expression of the desires of non-whites to have cultural influence and economic power in America.   I don't know if Hanson is the main exponent of this false nexus and have not read Mexifornia, but many who quote from it suggest a panicky loss of control and understanding of how America is changing. I find it difficult to believe that blacks, latins and asians are widely persuaded by Left academics' Marxist agenda, and I think that anyone credulous enough to take that as gospel is letting prejudice work. The Culture Wars are over, but this rearguard action is spoiling for a new fight.   My response (posted on his site and reprinted below with some minor pronoun changes):  I think he's being unduly hard on a book he admits to having not read.  The book is most assuredly NOT the "nativist" treatise he thinks.  Hanson makes this clear early in his close person relations with myriad of immigrants (both "good" and "bad").    No, he takes both the left to task for the racial hucksters that promote a "multicultural" experience that works fairly hard to promote a separatist mindset keeping the "multi-" (insofar as it includes AMERICAN culture) out of it.    Similarly, he takes the right to task for its refusal to admit that immigrants DO add a great deal to the economy/nation and the notion (among the anti-immigrant right) that you can simply "close off" the border is both naive and quite harmful. Further, the right's tendency to treat immigrants (illegals and others) as invisible citizens leads to a large transitory population of young men with no real attachment to America.  The problem on the left is the willful rejection of assimilation as a societal good and on the right the negligent refusal to accpet immigration as a net good to society.  People see "Mexifornia" and go ape-shyte about it when they're better served by reading the book. Depending on your political persuasion, about 50% of the book will piss you off. Which is why it's such a good & honest book.