I generally like   Andrew Sullivan .  When he is on his game, hes an exceptional writer.  He can pull a Chesterton quote out of thin air and make it work and I like that.  However, he is also one of the most maddeningly   mercurial   (see definition #4) commentators out there when it comes to the war.  He has an impressively annoying tendency to swing more than a pendulum re: his feelings and opinions on the war, its conduct, its strategy, and its outcome. The shrillness of his rhetoric can crack crystal.   While Sullivan himself admits that his blog is more of a "thought in process" type of endeavor that would allow for some reexamination of one's assumption--he has nevertheless jumped the shark when it comes to viewing the war's events even remotely consistently.  So how does this make him Horace Greeley?  Well, Greeley was the staunch abolitionist editor of the New York Tribune during the Civil War.  He was an ardent Lincoln supporter early on as Lincoln was the symbol of the fight against secession and, more importantly, slavery.  My instincts tell me Greeley would have preferred John C. Fremont since he was less willing to negotiate on the slave issue--but that's just my gut (I've not delved too deeply into the matter to say for certain).    But what made Greeley such an interesting character aside from his unwavering desire to end slavery was his complete lack of consistency when it came to reporting on the war--which in hindsight makes him look all the more amusing.  A very brief summation of the whole shebang:   Post-Fort Sumter? On to Richmond!  Defeat at First Bull Run? What incompetence have we unleashed?!  Gettysburg and Vicksburg? Victory is at hand!  The Grinding Months of 1864?  What butchery! Can we trust Lincoln to lead us to victory? Fall of Atlanta to Appomattox? Hurrah!  So what I've attempted to do is chronicle some of the more impressive lurches from steel-eyed determination (the "this is but a bump in the road and we shall prevail" ) to near unhinged defeatism (the "too few troops! too many Mahdi! we must prevail but I just don't know if we CAN!") that Sullivan has written over the past few months.  While doing this I've noticed that Andrew's writing is dictated almost exclusively by events on the ground--in that, if the media coverage of the day isn't blaring war news, Sullivan isn't writing about it. Now, that's par for the course for most bloggers since we rarely MAKE news (Daily Kos and Micah Wright notwithstanding).  And Sullivan is certainly entitled to change his mind.  But it is still fairly interesting to take notice of. Whether that impacts his writing is a fair question I will not attempt to answer.   Rather than try to categorize them, I will simply post selections (with links to posts) in reverse chronological order with highlighted portions of what I think are the more "colorful" examples of rhetoric. You'll find there's something of an ebb and flow to it as time goes on. NOTE: My comments get progressively snarkier as the post goes on--I tried to combat that, but it did get kind of annoying seeing the tone of these posts swing back and forth so much--forgive me)  And as you're reading: consider this:   Oct 20--  THE DEMS AND IRAQ      ...It is relatively easy to criticize the Iraq war, the intelligence behind it, and the post-war reconstruction. It's another thing to say what you would have done instead. Memories are astonishingly short...     So here goes:  May 19, 2004--  BUSH'S FAILURE    : All the president says is a broad and crude reiteration of valid but superfluous boilerplate.  This is not war-leadership; it's the abdication of war-leadership ... It's long past time that people can be asked simply to trust the president. After the WMD intelligence debacle and the Abu Ghraib disgrace,  he has run out of that capital . He has to tell us how we will win, what we are doing, how it all holds together,  why the infrastructure repair is still in disarray , and how a political solution is possible.  I'm not sure any more that this president has the skills or competence to pull it off.  But I am sure that he has very little time to persuade us he can.  May 12--  HOW DUMB IS AL QAEDA?     They think they terrify us by this?  The gang-murder of an unarmed, innocent civilian? And they think that it will add to the shame of Abu Ghraib, demoralize Americans still further, and prompt a withdrawal?  In fact, of course, the Berg beheading does a grim but salutary service.  In the midst of our own deserved self-criticism, we are suddenly reminded of the larger stakes, the wider war, why we are in Iraq in the first place .  May 10--  THE CHASTENING    The question I have asked myself in the wake of Abu Ghraib is simply the following:  if I knew before the war what I know now, would I still have supported it? I cannot deny that the terrible mismanagement of the post-war - something that no reasonable person can now ignore - has, perhaps fatally, wrecked the mission.  But does it make the case for war in retrospect invalid? My tentative answer - and this is a blog, written day by day and hour by hour, not a carefully collected summary of my views - is  yes, I still would have supported the war. But only just. And whether the "just" turns into a "no" depends on how we deal with the huge challenge now in front of us.   May 10--  THE CASE STANDS - JUST  (compare this with his earlier discussions of the "imminence" of the threat of Saddam from Oct-Nov of 2003)   The United States made its case before the entire world on the basis of actual stockpiles of dangerous weaponry. No such stockpiles existed.  Yes, the infrastructure was there, the intent was there, the potential was there - all good cause for concern.  Yes, the alternative of maintaining porous sanctions - a regime that both impoverished and punished the Iraqi people while empowering and enriching Saddam and his U.N. allies - was awful. But the case the U.S. actually made has been disproved. There is no getting around that. ...  Abu Ghraib...has turned the image of this war into the war that the America-hating left always said it was: a brutal, imperialist, racist occupation, designed to humiliate another culture. Abu Ghraib is Noam Chomsky's narrative turned into images more stunning, more damaging, more powerful than a million polemics from Ted Rall or Susan Sontag. It is Osama's dream propaganda coup.  It is Chirac's fantasy of vindication. It is Tony Blair's nightmare. And, whether they are directly responsible or not,  the people who ran this war are answerable to America, to America's allies, to Iraq, for the astonishing setback we have now encountered on their watch .   May 10--  THE INEXCUSABLE     The one anti-war argument that, in retrospect, I did not take seriously enough was a simple one. It was that this war was noble and defensible but that this administration was simply too incompetent and arrogant to carry it out effectively. I dismissed this as facile Bush-bashing at the time. I was wrong.  But to have allowed the situation to slide into where we now are, to have a military so poorly managed and under-staffed that what we have seen out of Abu Ghraib was either the result of a) chaos, b) policy or c) some awful combination of the two, is inexcusable. It is a betrayal of all those soldiers who have done amazing work, who are genuine heroes, of all those Iraqis who have risked their lives for our and their future, of ordinary Americans who trusted their president and defense secretary to get this right.  To have humiliated the United States by presenting false and misleading intelligence and then to have allowed something like Abu Ghraib to happen - after a year of other, compounded errors - is unforgivable.   May 10--  WINNING THE WAR    Abu Ghraib is not the real meaning of America. And we now have to show it - in abundance. That is the opportunity this calamity has opened up. And then, when November comes around, we have to decide whether this president is now a liability in the war on terror or the asset he once was.  How he reacts to this crisis - whether he is even in touch enough to recognize it as a crisis - should determine how the country votes this fall. He and his team have failed us profoundly. He has a few months to show he can yet succeed.   May 9--  READ AND WEEP    The photos we have seen are, apparently, benign compared to what we have not yet seen. I am sorry I cannot be more upbeat. But nothing that the enemy could dream up could have done us more harm in the eyes of the world than what some in U.S. uniform have done to the United States' credibility and honor.... But the damage is immeasurable ; and, ultimately, the president must take responsibility. ... Maybe the rest of the country won't react the same way.  Or maybe there will be a time-lag in which the country as a whole realizes it has lost confidence in this administration as profoundly as Washington now has .   May 8--  ELECTIONS SOON    Kagan and Kristol endorse Iraqi elections by September 30. It's an idea worth trying. I think they're right that  we are at a tipping point at which support for the war at home will plummet unless we change direction fast .  May 6--  BUSH JOB APPROVAL AT 47 PERCENT  (contrast with his earlier glowing praise of Rumsfeld--now Rummy is an out of touch boob)   I wonder if Abu Ghraib isn't a turning point. I was glad the president went on Arab television to explain. I'm befuddled why he cannot simply apologize. Rumsfeld's blithe assertion that he hadn't even bothered to read the full Taguba report before a major press conference also cannot quite dislodge itself from my consciousness.  I don't think Rummy gets it.   May 5--  GO TO ABU GHRAIB    It seems to me that some kind of reckoning has to be made by the president himself. No one below him can have the impact of a presidential statement of apology to the Iraqi and American people. Bush should give one. He should show true responsibility and remorse, which I have no doubt he feels. I can think of no better way than to go to Abu Ghraib itself, to witness the place where these abuses occurred and swear that the culprits will be punished and that it will not happen again. It would be a huge gesture.  But frankly there is something tawdry about a president at a time like this campaigning in the Midwest in a bus. His entire war's rationale has been called into question. The integrity of the United States has been indelibly harmed on his watch. He must account for it. Soon. And why not in Iraq?   May 4--  SEX AND HUMILIATION    I am in no way attempting to minimize the horror of what appears to have gone on in Abu Ghraib prison under U.S. command.  But it's worth realizing that the nakedness and the sexual humiliation might be far more potent in a sexist, homophobic and patriarchal culture than in less sexually repressed societies .  May 3--  WHAT THE FALLUJAH?     All I can honestly say is that I have no clue what is going on in Fallujah, the critical battle of the war in Iraq.  The obvious interpretation is that the Bush White House, under political pressure at home, has decided to all-but surrender the city to the enemy .  ...  I think the obvious answer to the question as to what is happening in Fallujah is that the White House doesn't have a clue.  In a critical battle, we have made sure that the enemy understands we can have overwhelming military power and not be willing to use it; we have appointed a new commander who hasn't even been vetted; and people on the ground are making up policy that has far-reaching political and military implications, while the White House has to adjust.  The only word for this is incompetence and chaos.    April 30--  THE RISK IN FALLUJA  (this is more an example of Sullivan's tendency swing within the same post--but contrast the general sentiment against overwhelming force with the April 22 post following the murder of the 4 US contractors)   I can't be the only one troubled by the apparent decision to hand over the pacification of Falluja to some kind of Sunni/Iraqi force. Rumsfeld suggests that this is a recommendation from the Marines on the ground. You can certainly see why an effective Iraqi attempt to destroy the Baathist and Islamist forces in Falluja would be a good thing. But how realistic is that? And what does this sign of our retreat say to the rest of the population?   Don't get me wrong. I'm aware that we have to strike a balance here - between quelling unrest and provoking more of it.  But if we had the chance to eradicate a whole swathe of Baathist/Islamist terrorists and walked away, then it would amount to a huge miscalculation. In my lower moments, it makes me worry if the Bush administration has begun to abandon Iraq to internal chaos.  I cannot believe they would do that. But this Falluja reversal is mystifying, to say the least.  April 22--  BARBARISM IN BASRA  (this post nicely illustrates the general lack of focus by Sullivan on the issue--if he assumes that such barbaric acts will occur given the nature of this war and the enemy--then he can't be nearly as critical of the war effort/planning when such events do occur)  To some, I suppose, the hideous slaughter of so many innocents in suicide bombings in southern Iraq is another reason to worry that the occupation is doomed. I have a different response. It reminds me why we are in this war in the first place. It reminds me of the nihilist, fascist forces that killed thousands in New York and Bali and Madrid. ...  We have the difficult task of fighting them, while protecting innocents in a war where the enemy deliberately and cynically conflates the two. That isn't easy anywhere - but better to have drawn these elements out and to fight them in a struggle for Arab and Muslim democracy than to play constant, fitful defense at home .  April 20--  BUSH GAINS  (more just Sullivan being a slave to polls and note that a mere month ago--"It's the war, stupid" has become "Bush's Failure")   How to account for president Bush's resilient polling numbers?  It's the war, stupid. And guess what? All of you who thought that press conference was a disaster were, ahem, WRONG. Whatever the headlines, the domination of the debate by national security can only benefit the president unless Kerry can out-hawk him.  Kerry's "Sister Souljah" moment must come when he denounces the anti-war left. Without that moment, he'll lose.  April 15--  SADR CAPITULATES  (contrast this with the April 30 post questioning the logic of pacifying Fallujah with the help of Shi'ia and also the apparent contradiction between that post and this one's contention re: the "ceding of control")   I'm unnerved by the presence of Iranians helping to broker some kind of deal with al Sadr, but heartened by the fact that the extremist revolt in Fallujah seems to have been quelled - largely by Marine force and by moderate Shiite realism. ... It seems clear to me that indigenous forces have to construct the new government. It is not a loss for the U.S. to cede control in this way. It is what we are looking for.   April 14--  UPDATE  (His reaction to Bush's press conference--contrast with his later denunciations of Bush's failure to apologize for Abu Ghraib.  Has Bush's policy deteriorated that much within a month or is it more just Sullivan reacting to bad news in a particularly shrill manner?)   I've just watched the press conference later on C-SPAN. Not only was the transcript encouraging.  I found the president clear, forceful, impassioned, determined, real.  This was not an average performance.  I found it Bush at his best. He needs to do it more.   April 14--  AND MORE  (Al Jazeera propaganda = "they lose"; Big Media propaganda = "Bush loses")--the post is re: the spate of hostage videos released at the time   But I am saying that being able to withstand this attempted blackmail - and not succumb to media hype - will prevent further such kidnappings in the future. Maybe, in fact, al Jazeera has unwittingly helped us here. By  broadcasting so much obvious propaganda on a daily basis, we are now inured to it, unshocked. Which means they lose.    April 13--  BUSH'S RESPONSIBILITY  ("never enough troops" followed 2 days later by "Fallujah has been quelled" as well as the concession that more troops might not have actually solved any of the problems Sullivan sees--also note that a mere 3 days prior Sullivan promises to try to be more "positive re: his coverage of the war)   It's worth saying here what we now know the president got wrong - badly wrong. There were never enough troops to occupy Iraq.  The war-plan might have been brilliant, but the post-war plan has obviously been a failure.  We needed more force and we needed more money sooner. The president has no excuses for not adjusting more quickly to this fact: he was told beforehand; he was told afterward;  but he and the Defense Secretary were too pig-headed to change course . I still favor the war;  but I cannot excuse the lapses and failures of the administration in the post-war .   ...  Yes, balancing keeping order and winning hearts and minds is not an easy operation to pull off.  But with the troop levels we maintained - especially given the limited international support -  we made things far harder than they might have been, and our beleaguered troops are dealing with the aftermath . We can still win this. We must still win this.  But the president is in part responsible for making it even harder than it might have been.   April 10--  THE SILVER LINING  (How was the post war planning so much a failure if the power vacuum was unavoidable)   I'm going to be writing more about the positive possibilities that are now opening up in Iraq.  My own view is that the violence is an inevitable consequence of the various factions in Iraq feeling their way toward filling the power vacuum. This is not only unavoidable; it can be revealing .  April 9--  THE PASSION OF IRAQ  (While Sullivan does not expect Iraq to turn around overnight--apparently one month is sufficient to warrant the change in tone from this post to the ones in May--and while he exhorts us to "keep our nerve" he seems to be rapidly losing his)   Iraq has been a free country for a single year after decades of fascism, mass murder, communal paranoia, hysteria, random violence, and economic collapse.  Did we expect the place to become Toledo overnight? The closer we get to transferring power, the more the extremist factions need to prevent a peaceful transition and establish their own power bases for the next phase.  The closer we get to a self-governing Arab state, the more terrified Iran, Syria, Hezbollah, Hamas and the rest will be that their alternatives - theocratic fascism and medieval economics - will look pathetic in comparison. There are millions of people in Iraq who need us now more than ever. Their future and our future are entwined. Which is why we have to keep our nerve, put down these insurrections with focussed ferocity, and move relentlessly toward self-rule. It may be dark this Friday, but Christians are told that a new day will dawn. Not in three days. But in time. If we keep our nerve.  April 8--  THE WAR INTENSIFIES  (The certitude that more troops are needs expressed later is far less apparent here. Also note the concession that Sunni holdouts will "always be trouble")    The war to depose Saddam, it now seems, has unfolded slowly. The sudden quick victory was followed by a low-intensity war against the remnants of the Saddam regime and elements among the displaced Sunni miniority.  Then there was something of a lull - months when the U.S. casualty rate declined and progress seemed to be made. Then the Shiites began resisting the terms of the handover, some Sunnis in Fallujah tried a Mogadishu, and the most radical Shiites, under al Sadr, made their move ...  The Sadrists must be confronted and as effectively as possible. If that means more troops, send them. If that means more firepower, get it.  In some ways,  it seems clear to me that the Sunni hold-outs and the Sadrists were always going to be trouble.  Better that they play their card now than after the handover of sovereignty.   April 8--  THE RISK  (again, this post says more about Sullivan's need to be reassured he made the right decision ot back the war than any failings of policy)   This war is for the future against the past, for representative government against a vicious theocratic dictatorship from the Leninist vanguards of the Sadrists. The president needs to tell the people this. His failure to communicate what is actually going on, why we're there, what we're doing, and what the stakes are is the prime current fault of the administration.  We need a real speech and a thorough explanation of what is going on. We need an honest, candid, clear war-president. Where is he?   April 7--  THE IRAQ CRISIS  ("I am, but I am not")   I feel it's necessary for me to write something about what's going on in Iraq but this is also one of those moments when the reality is so opaque and events so fluid that it's hard to know what to say. I'm not ducking this.  It looks both terrible and also an opportunity. Better these tnesions flare now than later. But the flaring could also become a wildfire.   April 6--  THE LESSON FROM SPAIN  (Sadr's quote makes Sullivan's wobbling all the more troubling)   Here's a quote from a Sadr relative that speaks volumes:  "We may be unable to drive the Americans out of Iraq. But we can drive George W. Bush out of the White House."  The violence in Iraq is designed to exert pressure indirectly by leveraging opposition to the war in the U.S. and Britain. The sadr-masochists know they cannot overwhelm the coalition militarily, so they need to destroy its morale at home, as well as create constant instability in Iraq.  One obvious point: this uprising isn't over and it's having its effect.    April 6--  GET SADR  (Note the dismissal of the anti-war spin with Sullivan's essential adoption of the meme later on)    The battle for Sadr City appears to be over. If this report is to be believed, it was relatively easy.  .... The optimist in me hopes that this confrontation - threatening for months - can be resolved effectively before June 30. The pessimist in me worries about the propaganda value in this kind of unrest in deterring investment, polarizing ethnicities and sects, and making democracy even harder.  If you want to see how the anti-war crowd will spin this, check out the headline in the Guardian today: "On the Brink of Anarchy." They wish. I find no fault in the president's strong response.  But he must understand that the battle he is now fighting in Iraq is not a diversion from this election.  April 5--  IS IT GETTING WORSE    This just in from the HealingIraq blogger, whose site is now down because Glenn just linked. I'm reposting Glenn's excerpt, because it strikes me as a really big deal.  We could be losing the ball-game right now, guys....This sounds like civil war to me.   April 5--  GRIM NEWS IN IRAQ  (Contrast the assertion that we KNEW Sunni elements would resist reconstruction with the assertion that the planning for it is wholly inadequate--Sullivan sets a standard no war plan could meet--Sullivan repeats the "more troops" line but then acknowledges it might not be the best idea)    With three months to go before sovereignty is handed over to a provisional government, there are some nightmarish portents. We knew that elements in the Sunni minority would resist the reconstruction of Iraq into a representative polity; now we have the extremists among the Shiites, under Moktada al Sadr, unleashing Shiite anger against the occupation.  You have to ask yourself: if this is the state of affairs now, what will happen to civil order when the U.S. military takes an even more passive role after June 30?... More and more, it seems hard to avoid inferring that we made one huge mistake: not in liberating Iraq, but in attempting to occupy it with relatively few troops ...From this distance, it's not clear what our response to all this should be: a strong show of force; an attempt to broker a firmer deal for handover with the establishment Shiites; more troops; or all of the above.  But it seems to me undeniable that events may be spinning out of control .   April 5--  ON THE OTHER HAND  (As events can go forward and backward at once, so can Andrew)   It's hard not to be cheered by stories like this appearing last Thursday in the Guardian. The son of Gadhafi is urging more democratization in the Arab world. Money quote from Seif al-Islam Gadhafi: "Instead of shouting and criticizing the American initiative, you have to bring democracy to your countries, and then there will be no need to fear America or your people. The Arabs should either change or change will be imposed on them from outside." Amen.  Of course, it's perfectly possible that both this story and the Burns one represent something true. Events can go forward and backward at once .  April 1--  THE MOGADISHU MOMENT  (Andrew notes the next two or three YEARS could be brutal--he himself barely lasted a month.)   The appalling brutality in the Sunni Triangle yesterday was designed to have one simple effect: to encourage the West to abandon Iraq to the very people who perpetrated this atrocity. The methods are the same as Somalia. The response will be different .... All the more reason to maintain the deadline for the transition to self-rule, and to keep a close military and police alliance with the incoming government.  I'm still an optimist - in the medium term. But the next two or three years could be brutal. We just got a taste of how brutal they could be.    March 30--  ROSENBAUM ON FIRE  (Apparently the Admin has the clarity to name the real evil in our day and to fight it but Andrew requires MORE clarity on what exactly we're fighting for...)   Yes, it is possible to be dismayed, betrayed and depressed by this administration's political catering to bigotry. But it is just as possible to be grateful that it had the balls to liberate two countries from unspeakable horror and to have had the clarity to name the real evil in our day for what it is. And to fight it.   March 29--  THE CLARKE TEMPEST     But what matters now in a political year is how the Bushies responded afterwards; and, to my mind, they did about as good a job as possible.  The way some people are now talking, you'd think the White House hadn't targeted Afghanistan and al Qaeda before Saddam.   But they went to al Qaeda's base first, taking the war to the enemy patiently and determinedly - with enormous success first against the Taliban and then against Saddam. Millions are now liberated from unspeakable tyranny; reform is afoot in the Middle East; al Qaeda has been seriously wounded. Not a bad start   March 16--  DENIAL IS NOT AN OPTION  (this is the "steely resolve" Andrew that emerges less often lately)    But it will perhaps take more atrocities for Europeans to acknowledge something that they have proudly built is under threat. History has not ended. Islamism does not seek to integrate itself into Europe. It seeks the abolition of Europe as a democratic, peaceful, pluralist place.  And America must understand that this war cannot be lost in Europe either. We need a real and vigorous effort to reunite Europe and the U.S. against this danger. Alas, we just lost one leader, Jose Maria Aznar, who understood that need, and Blair may be next.  March 15--  THE E.U. VOWS SURRENDER  (Al Qaeda won in Spain and is apparently winning in The Daily Dish)   Al Qaeda has been seriously weakened since 9/11, thanks almost entirely to those countries, especially the U.S., that chose to confront it. But it seems clear to me that the trend in Europe is now either appeasement of terror or active alliance with it.  It is hard to view the results in Spain as anything but a choice between Bush and al Qaeda. Al Qaeda won .   March 8--  SISTANI SHIFTS  (that which is "politics" one week is a failure of post war planning the next)    The violence in Iraq - even the horrifying sectarian mass murders last week - have failed to derail the tortuous political process. That's hugely good news. It's not surprising that there should be last-minute renegotiations, brinksmanship and the like in forging a new constitution in a fissiparous country. That's called politics.  It hasn't been practised in Iraq for many, many years. Its emergence - however imperfect - is wonderfully good news. Instead of lamenting this wrangling, we should be encouraged.  What we're seeing is something you simply don't see anywhere else in the Arab-Muslim world: negotiation trumping violence. This isn't a path to democracy. In important ways, it is democracy. The first true post-war victory is ours - and, more importantly, Iraq's.   March 3--  ZARQAWI STRIKES  (we are winning, yet losing)   We know from the released memo that may or may not have been written by Islamist mass murderer, Abu Mussab al-Zarqawi, what the strategy of the enemy now is in Iraq. It is to execute coordinated mass slaughters in order to divide Sunni and Shi'a even further and so precipitate a civil war to tear Iraq apart; and at the same time to direct public hostility and blame toward the coalition forces. It's too soon to tell how successful they have been with their horrifyingly sacrilegious slaughter yesterday.  But the attacks are text-book. I persist in regarding them as indications that we are in fact slowly winning the war for a transition to democracy in Iraq, or at least a polity which is constitutional and remarkably free by Middle Eastern standards.  But it is equally hard not to be concerned at the impact such mass violence can have. After all, it was acomplished by only a handful of terrorists  Feb 25--  THE WAR AND THE CONSTITUTION    It behooves me to wrestle with a question that many of you have asked me about.  I have long been a strong supporter of this president's extraordinary leadership in the war on terror. He has made some mistakes, but I stand by his broader record entirely.    Feb 19--  BUSH AT 43 PERCENT  (Andrew's need to be led around by the nose on why we're fighting--and hence, why Bush is running)   People have registered that the WMD issue has undermined one argument for the war. But instead of acknowledging this forthrightly and making a strong case for the war's morality and the importance of Iraq's democratization, the president has fallen back on self-satisfied platitudes...There is, in short, no argument for a second term.  Instead, we're told that the re-election theme will be: I'm a strong leader in a time of change. But leading where? We don't know.  If the president wants to get re-elected, we should.  Feb 14--  READ THIS NOW  (SUMMATION: Because we are winning, violence is inevitable--but because violence is inevitable, we are losing)   I cannot verify the authenticity of the letter from al Qaeda murderer Abu Musab al-Zarkawi. But most authorities regard it as legit.  If you doubt that we have made real progress in the war on terror, if you buy the idiocy that tackling Saddam somehow made tackling al Qaeda harder, then read this document. It's alternately terrifying and deeply encouraging. We are winning this war. And only we can choose to lose it.    Feb 12--  THE CARNAGE IN IRAQ  ("Steely" Andrew reappears)   If anyone thinks this war is over, they need to get real. We need more resources in Iraq, not fewer.  We need to think of July as the beginning of our new engagement, not the end of a war and occupation. ...We have lost sight of the central issue of our time. We owe it to the dead to remember again, to keep our focus - and press on.  Feb 12--  A "JUSTIFIED MISTAKE"  (Apparently the abuses of a handful of soldiers have also sufficiently nullified any other rationale for the war Andrew might think of)   WMDs were not the only rationale given for this war before the war. The human rights issue, the immorality of continued sanctions, the necessity of finding a way to facilitate change in the region as a whole - these were all arguments made in advance (on this blog and elsewhere).  The war was a justified mistake in one respect. We overstated the WMD angle. But we under-estimated the horrors of what was going on in that country. Shouldn't that also count in the balance?   Feb 9--  BUSH's [MEET THE PRESS] INTERVIEW    But all the clips struck me as Bush as he normally is: affable, accessible, often inarticulate,  but on the basic points of the war (if nothing else) right .  FEB 9--  MY DEEPER WORRY    It's about the war. During the part of the interview when Bush could have strongly supported his nation-building in Iraq, and linked it to tackling the deeper problems that gave us 9/11, he was defensive and almost apologetic. I wonder: does he actually regret being a nation-builder?  Does he privately wish he'd never done this? We all know his position before 9/11. Nation-building was the last thing he wanted to do. Has he reverted to type? In this kind of enterprise we need conviction at the top. At least more conviction than we saw yesterday.  My prediction: another small poll tumble.    NOTE: Sullivan did very little "warblogging" during between Dec 03 and Feb 04.  Most of it was Democratic primary stuff. Not relevant for purposes here. But we rejoin Andrew in our trek back through time around the capture of Saddam.  Dec 15--  I'M STILL REELING  (notable for its content as well as its contrast with later (and earlier) posts)   It is not for us to understand fully what these people were put through. At a moment like this, when we can see fully and clearly the evil that existed for so long - evil that we in the past did our part to maintain - it is important simply to recall the dead and their loved ones. Think of every moment when some poor soul believed he was about to die, every moment spent in hellish prisons, every person tortured beyond imagining, every child dumped in a mass grave, every person of faith treated as an enemy of the state.  To watch the perpetrator of this extraordinary evil brought low - into a rat-hole in the ground - is a privilege. It happens rarely. It is a moment when some kind of cosmic justice breaks through the clouds, and all the petty wrangling and mistakes and political jockeying fall away in the face of liberation from inescapable fear and terror and brutality. It was a day of joy. Nothing remains to be said right now. Joy .  Dec 14--  IN AN IRAQI'S WORDS  (same as above)   I am so proud of the country I was born in and the country I have made my home.  I have never been prouder to be an Anglo-American, to have done in our time what so many before us have done - to broaden the possibilities of liberty, to bring hope, to restrain the violent men and evil ideologies that are each generation's responsibility. The men and women in our armed forces did the hardest work.  They deserve our immeasurable thanks. But we all played our part. By facing down the evil, the cowardly and the simply misguided, we have done a great good.  Dec 14--  WMD FOUND  (The capture of Saddam was apparently not so transformative an event for Andrew)    The capture of Saddam is, of course, a transformative event . The hole in which he was discovered - and those bedraggled, hobo-like photos - re-emphasize his humiliation, and can only discourage his erstwhile allies trying to restore his gang of thugs to power. But this is a moment not merely for jubilation. Take a moment to recall the hundreds of thousands of men, women and children murdered, tortured, or sent to certain deaths by this monster. Take a moment to consider those who also lost their lives deposing him. In the end, even Chirac and Schroder and Putin couldn't save him.  And the renewed focus on the single most important Iraqi weapon of mass destruction - Saddam himself - will help remind the world of the great, moral achievement of this war; and the unprecedented humanitarian effort that is now underway . No time for hubris.  But plenty of time to remember what this war was about; and why it is still eminently worth winning. Congratulations, Mr President and Mr Prime Minister. In the end, this war will be viewed as your greatest achievement .  Dec 8--  PRESIDENT BOTH  (The quickness and ease by which Sullivan can find fault with policy should be contrasted with the "undeniable scale" of the undertaking)   And after 9/11, a passive approach to Islamist terrorism might well have sent a signal that we were a soft target and emboldened the new fascists even more. And continuing the failed policies of the past in the Middle East would have meant another, worse 9/11 sooner rather than later. But even if you see the Bush Project as driven primarily by events, that doesn't make it any the less impressive.  The sheer scale of the undertaking is undeniable . Perhaps it takes a relatively modest man who never planned on being president to take such huge gambles on the future.  But there is also something deeply American about it - in its perhaps excessive optimism and sheer determination.   It also seems clearer, to me at least, that this president is likely to have eight years to accomplish his task . Friends in the White House have sometimes spoken to me about a "transformational" presidency. I used to inwardly wince. Now I wonder.  Dec 5--  IN DEFENSE OF RUMMY  (Apparently Rummy was too direct in his approach for Andrew)   Here's a viewpoint with which I wholeheartedly agree. It's a defense of Donald Rumsfeld's use of the English language. He was given an award for mangling the language by the Plain English Campaign.  But there are very, very few politicians who speak as plainly and simply and strongly as Rumsfeld. His directness about the awful nature of war was a high-point in recent government speech.  You may not like what he has to say, but it's rare that you don't understand what he's saying.  Dec 1--  ARE WE WINNING IN IRAQ?   (While capturing Saddam was sine qua non of continuing progress--it apparently only counts for about 2 months worth of impact for Sullivan)    It seems to me obvious that in this war, unlike the war against al Qaeda, capturing or killing the central figure, Saddam, is the sine qua non of continuing progress.    Nov 28--  ONE OF HIS FINEST MOMENTS  (Andrew is one forgetful guy---apparently Bush has a fairly sizeable record of saying what we're fighting for and how important it is that we remain--but Andrew keeps FORGETTING!--One also wonders how this meshes with Andrew's dislike of "platitudes")   ...the visit to Baghdad was spectacular...The president said what almost all of us feel: that those troops out there are doing enormously difficult work and they deserve immeasurable thanks. ...  The president's message to Iraqis was also important: we have to convince the Baathists that we will not falter an iota in accomplishing a peaceful transition to democracy . Some have interpreted the plans for some troop reductions next year as a sign that the president is micro-managing the war to time with his election prospects; or that we are about to pull a Clinton and wriggle out of a commitment.  This trip is the best response to both doubts. It reaffirms resolve, raises morale, and asserts our intention to get this done right. It's called leadership. And we just saw some .  Nov 27--  "SACRIFICE"     If Mosul is turning against us, we truly are in trouble . And the resistance of Ayatollah Sistani to the current transition process is the first real sign that, on top of Saddam's resistance, we are also about to witness the long-predicted power-struggle between Kurds, Shia and Sunni. It's going to get tougher still.  I don't buy the argument that the administration never warned of a long and difficult post-war in Iraq, because the record shows it did . Whether it did enough - in emphasis - is debatable.  Nov 25--  THE GRIM TASK IN IRAQ  (Saddam's strategy was clever--yet the Admin are fools for not having a perfect plan to combat it--and more on Andrew's memory problems)    It seems clear now that Saddam has played a simple, clever game: instead of fighting conventionally, he simply withdrew his forces and went into hiding; now he plays a game of guerrilla harassment until the U.S. wearies and pulls out; then he makes another bid for power, in league with Islamists and terrorists of all stripes . In order to keep this from happening, we have to stay in Iraq in considerable numbers for a decade or so. And we have to convince the Iraqis that we mean it. I still don't believe that this administration is intent on premature withdrawal. But I do know we still have a hell of a job ahead of us - in the Sunni Triangle at least.  I know it's early days yet, but the president needs to speak to the public at some point in ways that acknowledge more deeply the long, hard slog we face. And the huge dangers we have yet to encounter on the way.    Nov 18--  BUSH'S RATINGS  (Sullivan remembers war, forgets it a week later)   The one disturbing thing about this poll is that 64 percent say the casualty rate in this war is "unacceptable." It's a good thing that we are sensitive to such tragedy.  It's real and awful. At the same time, wars kill soldiers. To have invaded and occupied a country of 26 million, defended by the remnants of a brutal dictatorship with nothing to lose, and to have lost between 300 and 400 soldiers is, by historical standards, astonishing . If this is "unacceptable," then we are moving into a situation in which any war is unacceptable. Which is, of course, what the bad guys out there want.   Nov 18-  BRITISH COMMON SENSE  (People know what we're fighting, except they don't)    Combined with Bush's upward poll numbers (see below), I think this is evidence that people do indeed understand what we're fighting,  they see the difference between a country saving another one from chaos and dictatorship and the alleged "evil empire" the Euro-left so despises. The Brits haven't lost their minds.  Nov 11--  WINNING THE WAR SLOWLY  (How soon Andrew forgets--I mean literally, only like 14 days people)    We get so used to self-criticism we don't yet see how much of the anger now directed at the U.S. is a function of this country's extraordinary success in the war on terror so far. We have destroyed two evil regimes; and are busily rebuilding an entire country in the teeth of limited guerrilla warfare.  Every casualty is awful - but the casualty rate in these wars (on both sides) is an historic low. Everyone knows this. And the enemy, knowing this, is actually afraid. We have to keep them that way.  Nov 10--  OVER-REACH  (AQ's new strategy indicates we're winning yet losing)   Here's an important change in the conduct of the war. For the first time, Islamist terrorists - both in Iraq, in league with Baathists and now, in Saudi Arabia - are clearly targeting Arabs and fellow Muslims....But in the context of the West's declared war on them, this strikes me as a new and fundamental error on their part.  Maybe it's because our success at knocking al Qaeda off-stride  means they have no option but to hit soft targets in the Muslim world, rather than hard targets over here. Maybe the pressure on them in Iraq is now forcing them to display some kind of "success," even if it means murdering Muslim women and children.  But whatever the reason, this is a propaganda coup for the good guys   Nov 3--  THE SOMALIA STRATEGY  (Failure to 100% prevent a guerilla war Andrew acknowledges was the plan is a failure of post-war planning)   Another awful day in Iraq. Watching scenes of people celebrating the killing of soldiers, soliders who just liberated them from one of the worst tyrannies on the planet, is enough to make anyone want to leave the place in disgust. But that's the point.  Saddam always relied on the Somalia strategy. He believed - and probably still does - that the U.S. does not have the guts to stick this out and wear down the Sunni dead-enders now combined with Islamist terrorists. He planned on this kind of war of attrition from the minute he knew he was militarily finished . That makes our endurance all the more necessary. The slow collapse of American credibility in the 1990s will take time to reverse. And moments like yesterday are classic attempts to test our determination. Saddam and what he still represents must fail in full view of the world. And we have an irreplaceable opportunity to see it happen.   Oct 30--  HE TOLD US IT WOULD BE EASY  (contrast the ease with which Sullivan dispatches the notion that Bush said the post-war/reconstruction would be easy with his repeated calls to TELL people that it wouldn't be easy)    Here's another fast-accelerating meme: the president led the American public to believe that the post-war reconstruction of Iraq would be easy, he never anticipated these problems, and can only blame himself for not lowering expectations.  The one true aspect of this seems to me to be the gratuitous symbolism of the USS Lincoln landing and that hubristic banner: "Mission Accomplished." I think I've been proved right about the over-reach there. But rhetorically,  it's fair for the White House to point out that the president did indeed warn about the post-war.  ...  The bottom line: this enormous effort in Iraq will take a long time - years, maybe . Doing it is the only profound measure taken in years to turn the growing threat of Middle Eastern radicalization around. It is a good in itself. It will make us more secure. It has the potential to revolutionize the Arab world. We cannot relent or buckle or show weakness. The real test of this war, as we've known from its inception, will be the years ahead when the memory of 9/11 recedes and the forces of appeasement and amnesia seek to undermine our resolve.   Oct 28--  YESTERDAY IN IRAQ     There's not much point in sugar-coating what happened. It was a great victory for the Baathists and international terror. If they can keep this up, the chances of a peaceful reconstruction in Iraq look more remote than they did last week . Why? Not because this was that sophisticated an attack, but because it was relatively unsophisticated. Not so much because the Baathists can win, but because they don't have to.  All they have to do is prevent the coalition from winning, which keeps Iraq in limbo, and tilts American public opinion against the war . I'm not an expert but obviously we need a more successful military strategy to defeat these insurgents.  Oct 27--  ORWELL ON WAR CRITICS  (Also helpful when slogging through another Sullivan column on why we can't win)   "It is, I think, true to say that the intelligentsia have been more wrong about the progress of the war than the common people, and that they were more swayed by partisan feelings. The average intellectual of the Left believed, for instance, that the war was lost in 1940, that the Germans were bound to overrun Egypt in 1942, that the Japanese would never be driven out of the lands they had conquered, and that the Anglo-American bombing offensive was making no impression on Germany. He could believe these things because his hatred for the British ruling class forbade him to admit that British plans could succeed. There is no limit to the follies that can be swallowed if one is under the influence of feelings of this kind. I have heard it confidently stated, for instance, that the American troops had been brought to Europe not to fight the Germans but to crush an English revolution. One has to belong to the intelligentsia to believe things like that: no ordinary man could be such a fool." - from Notes on Nationalism. It's  a helpful quote when slogging through yet another left-liberal column on why we can't win in Iraq.   Oct 27--  A NEW IRAQ BLOG  (Andrew should re-read this now and then)   From a U.S. soldier with bad spelling. But it's interesting, nonetheless. His depressing thought:   "For so many years America has always cut and run when its soldiers die, pathetic weak leaders we have. Despite many many resistance cells and fedayeen cells that get uncovered and arrested or killed, which we find these cells all the time, despite all the successes (you never hear about in the news) we've had in cracking down on these guys, they still manage to hit us. We can make this Iraq a great place, but it is going to take patience and time, and sadly, the American people I dont believe have the will to do it, we aren't the great generation like in WW2, it makes me sick."  He shouldn't be so downhearted. This president isn't so easily cowed. And the media isn't so insulated from criticism any more.  Oct 24--  WAR-SPINNING  (Remember Rumsfeld? He who "doesn't get it"?   Slate's Fred Kaplan has sadly become the Krugman of the anti-war brigade. His weirdest claim is that Rummy's memo puts the lie to the notion of progress in Iraq. Huh? The memo was designed to look as critically as possible at general progress in the war on terror. In no way does it deny progress in Iraq toward stabilization and democratization.  In classic Rummy fashion, it simply tries to prod his bureaucracy out of complacency. That's his style. You only have to spend a few minutes debating him to see that...It's this kind of tough self-questioning that makes this unlike Vietnam. And the notion that this is the first time that Rumsfeld has asked such questions strikes me as fantasy. Rumsfeld has been asking questions from the day he became secretary of defense.  And his assessment, after invading two countries, that "we have not yet made truly bold moves" against terrorism is extremely encouraging. He knows we have to find many, many more of these thugs and kill them. In Iraq, we're finally getting a chance.  Oct 24--  THE RUMMY MEMO     It's the most reassuring statement on the terror war I've yet read. The important thing about any administration in its third year is that it not be complacent, that it not be in denial, and that it ask tough questions of itself. Rumsfeld sure is no McNamara. And if I were a terrorist, I'd be alarmed at how earnest the U.S. government now is about tackling the threat.  Of course, a MoDo column ridiculing this is now inevitable. Which is more indication that it's an encouraging sign.  Oct 20--  THE DEMS AND IRAQ      ...It is relatively easy to criticize the Iraq war, the intelligence behind it, and the post-war reconstruction. It's another thing to say what you would have done instead. Memories are astonishingly short...      UPDATE: ANDREW SULLIVAN IS HORACE GREELEY PT 2 Oct-Sept 2003--  Many thanks to   NRO's The Corner  for posting a link to my original post on this topic. (My first serious spike in traffic that didn't involve a search for Paris Hilton).  I realize my post only went from May 04-Oct 03.  I think it would behoove both myself and any readers to not continue looking back at least until around the start of the war.    I will try to be far less sarcastic/snarky in my comments--I recognize Andrew's commitment to the war in a general sense, my purpose here is merely to point out some of the more noteworthy swings in emotion that he has displayed on his blog. It should also be noted that many of these statements/comments by themselves are unobjectionable--but when contrasted with later/earlier statements, they show a fairly pronounced tendency of Sullivan to go where the wind takes him.  And so we begin:  Oct 11--  FRONTLINE CONCEDES  (This illustrates Sullivan's earlier attempts--successful ones--to combat the "imminent threat" meme that was floating around at the time--but contrast it with his later posts that that particular rationale for the war (WMD and the capacity to make it--which was part and parcel of the "grave and gathering danger" argument is no longer remotely valid.)   Here's how the leading anti-war Democrat - yes, Howard Dean - described Bush's position on September 29, 2002: "The president has never said that Saddam has the capability of striking the United States with atomic or biological weapons any time in the immediate future." I would say that "any time in the immediate future" is as good a definition as any of the word "imminent."  So was even Howard Dean spinning for Bush? Of course not. He was summing up the simple truth .  Oct 11--  JUST A REMINDER  (If the judgment of those Dems who believed Saddam was a threat, had WMD and the capacity to make them, and should be removed was correct even if "some of the intelligence may well turn out to be wrong"--how does that rationale for the war go away? Wouldn't it still be perfectly valid as Sullivan suggests?   Here are a few choice quotes from Democrats in the period leading up to the war to disarm and depose Saddam. They are all almost identical to the Bush administration's statements. None claim an "imminent" threat. All  suggest a real and growing danger. Some of the intelligence may well turn out to be wrong. But their concerns were real; and their judgment correct.   Oct 11--  AND LIFE RETURNS    After Saddam, the Iraqi Marsh Arabs, their lives and traditions violated by Saddam, enjoy the benefits of America's liberation:   The marsh has once again assumed its omnipresent role in the village. Women clad in black head-to-toe abayas wade into the water to wash clothes. The mullet found in the murky depths, though small and bony, is grilled for dinner every night. Swamp grasses are cut to feed the cows and sheep that will eventually be traded for water buffalo.  "Everyone is so happy," Kerkush said as he watched his son stand in a mashoof and steer it like a gondolier with a long wooden pole. "We are starting to live like we used to, not the way Saddam wanted us to live."   How can you not be moved by such a story? How can you not be proud of what we have done?   Oct 10--  WHAT WE HAVE ACHIEVED  (following an impressive listing of CPA accomplishments in Iraq)   This is what some in this country want to stop. This is what would never have happened if we'd let Saddam Hussein stay in power. It's simply beyond me how anyone can describe this war as about "oil" or about "imperialism" or about "greed" or "militarism." It remains one of the most humanitarian acts in modern history. And, if successful, it could turn an entire region around - a region that has been the main source of real danger to itself and to the West in my lifetime.  I'm banging on about this not simply because it's by far the most important issue in our politics right now, but because a wilful and petty disinformation campaign is being waged to distort this achievement, undermine it, and reverse it. We mustn't let that happen. We cannot let these people - and ourselves - down again .  Oct 8--  HINDSIGHT BIAS  (this includes selections from a piece Sullivan cites approvingly since little commentary is given by Andrew himself here--presumably he agrees with it.  Also, if the solution is "pragmatic muddling through" it is highly disingenuous to take the Admin to task for failing to plan for that which it can only be said in hindsight they failed to account for)   As he often does,  the incomparable Jon Rauch homes in on the central distortion in the current discussion of the Iraq war :   "Iraq is ridden with hindsight bias. For instance, the Bush administration should have -- must have -- seen the gaps in its prewar intelligence (they are pretty evident now). And the notion that the occupation could be run with a few divisions -- how naive was that? And wasn't it obvious that the military would need to patrol the streets from the day the war ended?   Hindsight bias raises false expectations and nurtures conspiracy theories. Perhaps worst, it leads to ricocheting errors as people look backward through distorted lenses and then overcompensate looking ahead.  War critics who today revel in hindsight bias might do well to recall an earlier instance: the claim that the first President Bush's failure to march to Baghdad and unseat Saddam was a gross error. It was not. In early 1991, the smart money was on Saddam's soon being toppled, and the first Bush wanted to avoid precisely the sort of ugly occupation that the second Bush now finds himself conducting. The second war grew partly from hindsight bias in evaluations of the first."    The solution is pragmatic muddling through.  That's what Condi is now trying to coordinate. It's the essence of good government. And we have many months to judge its effects - with as little hindsight bias as possible.   Oct 7--  SPINNING THE PRE-WAR  (Sullivan notes the primary rationale for the war was to prevent Saddam from becoming an "imminent" threat--only to reject the entire argument later)   ...the war was a continuation of the last one, and was fully supported by umpteen U.N. resolutions, including a 15-0 Security Council vote to force Saddam to comply. 9/11 made a war far more conceivable because it revealed the U.S.'s vulnerability to fanatical terrorists who might get hold of WMDs from Saddam.  The casus belli was not proof of Saddam's existing weapons, but proof of his refusal to cooperate fully with U.N. inspectors or account fully for his WMD research. Nothing we have discovered after the war has debunked or undermined any of these reasons. And the moral reason for getting rid of an unconscionably evil regime has actually gotten stronger now we see the full extent of his terror-state.  But the anti-war left sees a real advantage in stripping down the claims in people's receding memories to ones that were not made but which can now be debunked. It's propaganda, to which the media in particular seems alarmingly prone to parroting.  Oct 6--Sullivan does a good job of debunking the "uranium from Niger" meme that was out and about--rather than post a link--just including the point for balance.  Oct 6--  THE CRITICAL POINT  (More on the rationale that no longer exists for Sullivan)   What we need is an analysis of why we got wrong what we got wrong. There's no question that we were led to believe that there were stockpiles of WMDs unaccounted for in Saddam's Iraq before the war. And we still don't have a good explanation for that.  But this does not mean that the war was not justified in the terms under which it was waged: that Iraq had an obligation to account fully for its WMD program (it didn't), that it cease all such research and development (it didn't), that it stop deceiving U.N. inspectors (it didn't), and, above all, that it posed a threat, via intermediary terrorists, that was intolerable after 9/11 (it did without a shadow of a doubt, as the Kay report shows).  Is this kind of nuanced assessment - important for our future intelligence and war-making capacity as well as democratic accountability - possible in today's polarized culture? We better hope it is.   Oct 3--  THE PREZ GETS IT  (but apparently lost it fairly soon)   The president needs to make a ferocious speech soon expanding on these facts [following a speech on the Kay report] and take the truth to his opponents' deception. This is vital.  He has nothing to apologize for and huge amount to be proud of. So go get 'em, Mr President.  What's holding you back?   Oct 3--  READ THE REPORT  (Sullivan goes to great lengths to defend the Kay report--such a defense is notably absent in his later posts)    If you think that David Kay's report on Iraqi WMDs can be adequately summarized by idiotic headlines such as: "No Illicit Arms Found in Iraq," then you need to read this report.  If you believe the following "news analysis" by David Sanger in today's New York Times summarizes the findings of David Kay, then you need to read this report. ... The administration claimed that Saddam had used WMDs in the past, had hidden materials from the United Nations, was hiding a continued program for weapons of mass destruction, and that we should act before the threat was imminent. The argument was that it was impossible to restrain Saddam Hussein unless he were removed from power and disarmed. The war was legally based on the premise that Saddam had clearly violated U.N. resolutions, was in open breach of such resolutions and was continuing to conceal his programs with the intent of restarting them in earnest once sanctions were lifted.  Having read the report carefully, I'd say that the administration is vindicated in every single respect of that argument. This war wasn't just moral; it wasn't just prudent; it was justified on the very terms the administration laid out. And we don't know the half of it yet .  Oct 3--  THE MONEY QUOTES  (The war was justified...except it wasn't)   Translation: Saddam was lying to the U.N. as late as 2002.  He was required by the U.N. to fully cooperate. He didn't. The war was justified on those grounds alone.  Case closed. Some of the physical evidence still remains, despite what was clearly a deliberate, coordinated and thorough attempt to destroy evidence before during and after the war.   Oct 3--  THERE'S MORE  (What a WMD program "was never about" is apparently what a WMD program is now all about--so long as it fits a current narrative)    One of the crazy premises of the "Where Are They?" crowd is that we would walk into that huge country and find large piles of Acme bombs with anthrax in them. That's not what a WMD program is about; and never was Saddam was careful. He had to hide from the U.N. and he had to find ways, over more than a decade, to maintain a WMD program as best he could, ready to reactivate whenever the climate altered in his favor. Everything points to such a strategy and to such weapons being maintained.   Oct 3--  A FRACTION SO FAR  (aside from the rise in terror attacks--which Sullivan concedes was bound to happen anyway--he is correct)   Were there risks of action? You bet. But most of the enormous risks did not come about: no use of such weapons, no massive destruction of oil wells, no fracturing of the country, no terrorist revenge or resurgence.   Oct 3--  FOR THE FUTURE  (This was a really happy day for Andrew)   I've waited a long time for this report, and kept my peace until it came out and we had some empirical data to measure.  But what we now see may not impress those who are looking for any way to discredit this administration and this war. But it shows to my mind the real danger that Saddam posed - and would still pose today, if one president and one prime minister hadn't had the fortitude to face him down. We live in a dangerous but still safer world because of it.  Now is the time for the administration to stop the internal quibbling, the silence and passivity, and go back on the offensive. Show the dangers that the opposition was happy for us to tolerate; show the threat - real and potential - that this war averted; and defend the record with pride and vigor; and fund the reconstruction in ways that will make it work now not just for our sake but for the sake of those once killed in large numbers by the weapons some are so eager not to find.  Oct 1--  BLAIR'S WAR  (Bush made the right decision to go to war despite the flawed intelligence--but he made the wrong decision to go to war because of the flawed intelligence)   I know that any concession with regard to fallible pre-war intelligence can lead to the anti-war hysterics piling on and the Democratic opportunists playing clairvoyants.  But the point of concession is to say that he took the right decision, even if the intelligence turned out to be flawed, and may have to make a similar decision again . The threat has not gone away. It's a complicated war and not susceptible to swift or easy fixes. But it's still a war we have to fight. Or perish.  Sept 29--  DOWD DEGENERATES  (Sullivan rejects, then channels Dowd)    After two of the most target-precise wars ever conducted, with billions of reconstruction money going to Iraq, with levels of human freedom in both countries unprecedented in their history?  Trashed? Dowd thinks that it was American intervention and not Saddam and sanctions that "trashed" Iraq? Is she serious? Stupid question.   Sep 17--  MARSHALL AGAIN    A blogger points out that in post-war Europe the U.S. never spent more than 5 percent of the GNP of the recipient country. The impact of money up to 50 percent of a country's GNP is unprecedented. Surely it will have a huge impact. Obviously, money isn't enough - cultural, social and ethnic factors may well be more critical in determining Iraq's possible emergence into the civilized democratic world.  But no one can claim the Bush administration isn't committing enough resources .  Sept 17--  BIGGER THAN MARSHALL (Again, have events SO changed on the ground that these figures are false or is it more Sullivan's tendency to "oversell" his POV)   If you assume we will spend the full $20 billion in the next year in Iraq and that Iraq's population is around 24 million,  then our current commitment is something over $800 per capita. That strikes me as a real and extraordinary commitment . (A genuine comparison to Marshall won't be possible for a couple of years, which is also revealing. Back then, people seemed to understand it would take time to resurrect a viable democracy and economy in devastated Germany.  Why do people expect it to occur overnight in Iraq?  Hitler's economic skills were a lot better than Saddam's.) So here's a question worth asking: Why is it that this is not more fully acknowledged by those critics of this administration?  I for one was worried that Rummy's penny-pinching would mean no real nation-building in Iraq. It's clear now that that isn't going to happen. And when you consider we're also going to be spending around $2400 per capita on security, it's an astonishing act of generosity (as well as a vital piece of self-interest) . Where are the Democrats praising this initiative instead of seeking apologies and political advantage?  Bush has done exactly what hawkish Democrats were afraid he would punt on. Good for him.    Sept 17--  A CONSERVATIVE CRITIQUE  (One wonders if Sullivan can be placed into the camp of the "American Political Class")    But Helprin's argument helps us remember that the American response to a declaration of war has been measured, patient and, now, extremely generous . I also think he's right about the need for much bigger military expenditures than we now have. We are dangerously vulnerable to a real threat from North Korea, while we are engaged in the Middle East. But  if the American political class has been so divided over even the modest measures we have taken to fight back so far, what hope would there have been for a more ambitious campaign?   Sept 17--  THE UNHINGED LEFT  (Contrast the call to not lose perspective with Sullivan's posts re: the prisoner abuse scandal)   I certainly respect pragmatic liberals who opposed the war and still do.  But even they - especially they - can also see the benefits of releasing a people from a terrible and grotesque police state and removing Saddam from power .  To lose sight of these things is a sign of a warped and increasingly unbalanced perspective.    Sept 15--  BURNS ON THE MEDIA IN IRAQ  (noteworthy for the scorn and distrust Sullivan lays on the media for constant negative reporting--note the lack of such skepticism lately)   The best reporter by far on Saddam Hussein's Iraq unloads a devastating barrage against his fellow hacks in Editor and Publisher. The New York Times'  John F. Burns reveals just how compromised and corrupt so many journalists were in Iraq , how willing they were to hide the atrocities of the regime, how their own self-interest trumped the truth. ...  [The media] won't ignore even a single guerrilla attack on coalition forces, will they?   Sept 12--  THE GREAT DIVIDE  (For Sullivan, it's only his third or fourth instinct...tops!--Of course, Sullivan did not go so far as to claim America was evil--but when you argue that the humanitarian/moral argument for war is hanging on by a mere thread--that's pretty close)    For these people, the first instinct is always, always, always, that the United States is morally suspect. They haven't changed. The moral clarity after 9/11 terrified them. They wanted it to go away so badly so they could switch the conversation back to the faults and evils of America.    Sept 12--  CLARITY FATIGUE  (Sullivan appears the victim on his own diagnosis)    And they have, of course, partly succeeded  - not because they managed to inflate, say, Enron's collapse into the greater event (though that was one of the more comic Raines-Krugman gambits).  They succeeded in the end not by argument but by the effect of sheer fatigue . No democracy wants to believe it is under dire threat;  no one wants the abnormality to endure; no one wants to absorb the truth that the war is still in its infancy and that greater atrocities lie ahead,  unless we act forcefully to pre-empt them and build the kind of societies in the Middle East that are alone guarantees of our and their future peace and stability.  I have made plenty of criticisms of this president; and will do so again. But he's currently the only leader in this country who actually gets the depth of our predicament and the need for innovative, enterprising and ruthless action to improve it. The paradox is that the more he succeeds and the more the threat of terror recedes, the more his opponents will take the calm as evidence that nothing much has to be done, that nothing much has been done, that America, by acting, is the real source of world conflict, and that retreat and amnesia are the cure-alls. I don't think most Americans believe this. I think they are still angry and still afraid and still determined. But they will suffer more than a thousand cuts from the September 10 brigades in the coming months and years.  I remember thinking two years ago that support for the war was easy then; but the real test would be in a few years when forgetfulness would set in and complacency revived. Which means, of course, that the real test of our mettle is now.  So the question is not, once again: what have we done wrong? It is: Where are we going to hit those bastards today?    Sept 11--  WAGE WAR  (We have made "real achievements"--that and a dime will get you a cup of coffee)   When you remember this thoroughly, you might still want to argue and debate about the accuracy of WMD intelligence in Iraq or the merits of the post-war reconstruction in Afghanistan or the nuances of U.N. and U.S. control in post-Saddam Iraq. Those kinds of fights are what democracies relish and do well. And it's equally true that anger is not an emotion that lasts. Human beings simply cannot live with that kind of fear or that kind of fury for very long. But we can still nurture what might be called the cold rage of reason: the calculated and calm recollection of what was done and what we can still do to prevent it again. And the key resolve I felt that day was not to let this act of war become in our minds an isolated occurrence, separate and apart from all the regimes that foster Islamo-fascism and seek to harm the West. In fighting back, we had to stop the defensiveness and ad hoc approach of the late twentieth century (both in the Clinton and early Bush administrations) and go on the offensive, tackle this nightmare at its roots, get our hands dirty, risk failure and aim for real success. That's the difference between police work and war.  That's why the astonishingly humane wars in Afghanistan and Iraq are just the beginning of a long attempt to bring the Middle East out of the dark ages. Some are now arguing that there is a dimmer light at the end of this tunnel. They're wrong. We have accomplished a huge amount, both in weakening al Qaeda, destroying Saddam and bringing flickers of democracy and pluralism into a region long victimized by tyranny and theocracy. These are real achievements.  They are the platform for the next phase: in building a free society in Iraq, toppling yet more tyranny in Iran, removing the Saudi dictatorship, and bringing some kind of settlement to Israel. We cannot disengage now. And standing still is to move backwards. Wars are dynamic; and we are in a war. Still. Two years later. With work to be done.   Sept 10--Here is a series of posts where Andrew does effective work in   dismantling   the "We squandered world sympathy" argument.  There are several posts--better to link to them all collectively (and they are less directly war related than this topic intends to cover)  Sept 9--  CONTRA SALETAN  (When read in light of his recent postings--this passage could augur both for AND against the war--against in that it could be viewed as ironic)    But the point about Iraq was not that it was uniquely involved in terrorism, but that it was far more doable than any of the others.  It was already in violation of umpteen international resolutions; no one could defend the regime (which was more brutal even than its neighbors); and the WMD issue was a real worry (one that has turned out in retrospect to be far less scary than we were led to believe).  So, in the context of a truly aggressive war on terror, we went after the Saddam dictatorship first. We had to start somewhere .  Sept 8--  INSTA-PUNDIT  (Sullivan is open to persuasion on there not being a need for more troops--so long as that persuasion calls for more troops.--Also contrast Bush's laying out the broad objectives of the war with Sullivan's consistent criticism that Bush does NOT do just that)   It was a good speech, well delivered. The only unnerving feeling I got was when the president said he didn't want or need more U.S. troops. I remain unconvinced - but, hey, I'm open to persuasion. Max Boot says we need more civilians instead. Fine. Let's have more civilians. But we need to be told exactly what the problem is and how we're going to fix it. The president didn't exactly do that.  What he did do was lay out the broad objectives of the war on terror, explain better how Iraq is a central part of it, and with a request for $87 billion, showed that he means business. That was overdue and refreshing . Again, the speech would have seemed far less defensive if Bush hadn't given the impression months ago that the war was over. If there's been some public wobbling, I think it's partly because of post-war hubris by the administration itself. But I think the White House understands that now.  Critics will say that the Iraq-terror connection, brutally outlined in the Washington Post yesterday, is a result of the war and didn't exist beforehand. They're wrong. The links between Baathist remnants and al Qaeda are obviously stronger now than the links between al Qaeda and the Saddam regime a year ago - but they all always had a common goal: the prevention of the liberalization of the Arab world and the defeat of Western interests through terror, both state-sponsored and otherwise. We've flushed them out but we haven't yet destroyed them. Now we have a chance to go in for the kill.  If Bush can successfully persuade people that violence in Iraq is a) unavoidable and b) an opportunity, then he will be far more persuasive in the coming months. And we all need him to be.   Sept 7--  FLYPAPER-IT'S WORKING  (While Sullivan qualifies it with "if this pans out"--is there anything to indicate that the flypaper theory is NOT panning out?)    If this pans out, then the Bush administration really will have pulled off something important: taken the war to the enemy, taken it out of the West, and given us a chance for military victory.  What Bush must tell us tonight is that the war in Iraq, far from having ended, is now entering its most critical phase. That's why we need more troops, more resources and more focus. Now.  Sept 6--  A GREAT SOURCE ON IRAQ  (Admittedly, Sullivan has been consistent in his calls for more troops--even if his reasons for it have varied greatly)    My own view that we do indeed need more troops for basic security measures was only buttressed by this report in the New York Times today. Many munitions dumps only lightly protected? Why don't we just hand the terrorists weapons while we're at it?  Glad to see the president is going to address the country tomorrow night on the state of play in Iraq. I hope it isn't just pablum or optimism. He needs to frankly acknowledge the problems, as well as telling us how we are going to overcome them.   Sept 5--  LETTER FROM IRAQ    Here's another letter from a soldier in Iraq, doing amazing work. He's Lieutenant Colonel Steven D. Russell, the Battalion Commander of the 1st Battalion of the 22nd Infantry, 4th Infantry Division.  I wish, reading this, that it gave me more reassurance. Some progress; some setbacks; but a hellish scene nonetheless .  Sept 4--  STRAW TELLS IT LIKE IT IS    He wants more troops and more resources. The Telegraph hints the British initiative is also designed to buttress the White House's resolve in providing more troops. Let's hope it works.  For the record, I see nothing wrong with the U.S. seeking U.N. help and support in Iraq, even if it means losing some control. What matters now is rescuing Iraq from the logic of chaos and terror. And for the record, worrying about the drift in Iraq is not a function of going wobbly. Not worrying - and coming up with all sorts of facile defenses of what is clearly going awry - that is going wobbly.   Sept 4--  THE ENEMY REGROUPS?  (Could ys just pick one? Please?)   More troubling news from the war. This time, in Afghanistan. On the other hand, here's another report, picked up by an intrepid blogger, that brings better news. Whom to believe?  Maybe the truth is that the Taliban are resurgent, due, in part, to our poor follow-through in Afghanistan, but it is just as true that those soldiers who are there are doing a great job, given their limited numbers and resources. Which is why we need more resources for rebuilding Afghanistan and more troops to police it. C'mon, Dubya. Follow-through; follow-through. Some of us are worried not because we want you to fail, but because we want you to succeed .  Sept 3--  WOBBLY? MOI?  (That Sullivan was being accused as early as 2 years after 9/11 is telling)    A few of you complained that I was going wobbly in the war on terror in my posts yesterday.  Au contraire. It's precisely because I believe in this war passionately that I believe we need more commitment, more money and more troops to aid the effort. The issue should never be: do you support the president? The issue should be: is what the president doing going to work?  I'm not omniscient, but it's simply crazy to deny the real problems we are facing right now and the need for clear and urgent thinking about them. Many Americans who support the war agree. That's not going wobbly; it's doing what any thinking person should do, which is try and figure out what's going wrong and how to fix it . Mercifully, the administration seems to be trying to find a way to make the liberation work, with more international back-up. They're not that pig-headed. The president has no bigger fan in his conduct of the war so far.  But my fear is that he is going astray. Am I supposed to keep that under wraps? As for the aricraft carrier landing, my point is that Bush gave the impression that the war was over by that event. That very signal made it look as if the current violence - a war with growing intensity - is somehow a reversal of that achievement, rather than a continuation of the struggle.  It has undermined him. And we need him. I'm still wildly unconvinced that any of the Democrats can be trusted with this war. Which is why it's even more important to ensure that the only man who can wage it doesn't fail. Want to hear reflexive defenses of everything the administration does? Go read someone else.  Sept 3--  BUSH HATRED REVISITED  (Sullivan decries the use of "liar" but later admits the Admin mislead on WMD--which contrasts nicely with his vigorous defense of the Kay report)   But the trope that has really caught on among elites is the notion that Bush is a liar. The New Republic and Paul Krugman trumpeted this charge early on, and now the Washington Monthly has chimed in, with one of the most fatuous and rigged pieces of lazy insta-journalism I've read in a while. (Bob Somerby gets it right, for once.) It's not just that I find the Monthly's (and Krugman's) charges silly.  They conflate mis-statements, deliberate confusion, euphemism, ignorance and dishonesty in ways that make it hard for anyone to emerge a non-liar. It's more that when you start using the term "liar" promiscuously in public discourse, you make such discourse increasingly impossible. The term should be reserevd only for a conscious and deliberate statement that you know is untrue as you sepak or write it .  Sept 2--  MISSION UNACCOMPLISHED  (eh, the whole post is worth reading...but I'll only highlight a couple sentences)   And then there's the war.  I could forgive this administration almost anything if it got the war right.  But, after a great start, it's getting hard to believe the White House is in control of events any more. Osama bin Laden is regrouping in Afghanistan; Saddam, perhaps in league with al Qaeda, is fighting back in Iraq. The victims of terror in Iraq blame the United States - not the perpetrators - for the chaos. And the best news of the war - that Shi'a, Sunnis, and Kurds were not at each others' throats - is now fraying. Worse, the longer the impasse continues the harder it will be to get ourselves out of it. About this we hear two refrains from the White House: a) everything is going fine, actually; and b) this new intensity of terror in Iraq is a good thing because it helps us fight the enemy on military, rather than civilian, terrain. The trouble that we're discovering is that a full-scale anti-terror war is not exactly compatible with the careful resusictation of civil order and democratic government, is it? And if we are in a new and vital war, why are we not sending more troops to fight it? And why are we not planning big increases in funding for the civil infrastructure at the same time? The response so far does not strike me as commensurate with the problem, and I say this as a big supporter of this war. What to do? I'd be hard put to express it better than John McCain Sunday: more troops, more money, more honesty from the president about the challenges, swifter devolution of power to Iraqis, and so on. And yet the White House in August decided to devote the president's public appearances to boosting his environmental credibility.  Are they losing it? So far, I've been manfully trying to give the administration the benefit of the doubt, especially given the media's relentlessly negative coverage of Iraq. But they're beginning to lose me, for the same reasons they're losing Dan Drezner. They don't seem to grasp the absolutely vital necessity of success in Iraq. And I can't believe I'm writing that sentence.     UPDATE: I've decided not to go any further back...I think I've made my point sufficiently to not require such an investment of time and energy.