PJ O'Rourke has a piece in the Atlantic on the   echo chamber quality of conservative talk radio . On the right:   I tried watching The O'Reilly Factor. I tried watching Hannity shout about Colmes. I tried listening to conservative talk radio. But my frustration at concurrence would build, mounting from exasperation with like-mindedness to a fury of accord, and I'd hit the OFF button.   On the left:   NPR seems more whiny than hectoring, except at fundraising time. There's supposed to be a lot of liberal advocacy on TV. I looked for things that debased freedom, promoted license, ridiculed responsibility, and denigrated man and God—but that was all of TV.  His conclusion?   Arguing, in the sense of attempting to convince others, seems to have gone out of fashion with everyone. I'm reduced to arguing with the radio. The distaste for political argument certainly hasn't made politics friendlier—or quieter, given the amount of shouting being done by people who think one thing at people who think the same thing.   I bring this up because I saw much of the same thing in the movie theatre today watching  F9/11 .  The vast majority of people there weren't there to hear an argument or be persuaded--they were there to have their already existing notions about Bush (stupid yet cunningly evil genius beholden to Saudi interests when he's not bombing their clients) reinforced.    The film was more Pavlovian (picture of dead baby followed immediately by picture of smirking President = booo! bad Bush!) than it was Madisonian.  Unfortunately, I think much of conservative talk radio follows a similar line of attack insofar as it eschews argument for reinforcement.   I live in Los Angeles, we get a lot of talk shows here--and most of the biggies too (Rush, Hannity, Savage, etc).  I listen almost exclusively to one station:   870 KRLA .  Their lineup from 9am-5pm is the strongest in the city, IMO.  Featuring   Dennis Prager ,   Michael Medved , and   Hugh Hewitt .  Prager has a much better ethical handle on matters than most talk show hosts and his years of study of totalitarian regimes makes for interesting conversations--plus he's appropriately silly when he needs to be.  Medved I like because of his expansive knowledge of American history--though he SOMETIMES falls into the conservative talk trap of giving too much airtime to really minor points and conflating it to all liberalism.  Hewitt is by far the best talk show host in Los Angeles--he brings the law professor's Socratic method to the political sphere and also has his finger on the pulse of the blogosphere probably more than any other talk show host.  Contrast these three with   Rush ,   Hannity , or   Savage .    Rush is good for political analysis on occasion--but from my listening to him, he so rarely entertains opposing calls that it really IS an echo chamber.    Hannity is just awful. Every caricature the left can make about a conservative responding to every challenge with "Why do you hate America?" fits wth Hannity.  And Savage...oh good god. Savage I can't stand for more than 10 minutes at a time.  Since once those 10 minutes are up, I've hear "you commie pinko scum, you slime, you dirtbag!" at least 12 times such that I know I can thankfully avoid the next 3 hours of programming.  The point of all this? Listen to   Hugh Hewitt !