Forget   Cortislim ...forget   Atkins .  I've dropped 12 pounds in the past 2 weeks with a remarkable new method: working out like a mofo. My workout history is a long and storied affair that I will proceed to bore the crap out of you with right now.  I'm 6'3".  Traditionally been fairly lanky--helped since I was a pitcher.  By the end of my first year of college, I was clocking in around 185-188.  Not that much muscle mass--but I could still pitch (2nd Team All Ivy-League with a 1.91 ERA thank you very much).  But I decided to drop a few pounds--so by the time my 2nd year started I had dropped down to 170.    Now I was REALLY a stick--but it helped since as part of our conditioning for the team we had to run 3 miles in 24 minutes ( did it in about 21:30).  While a nice guy, our strength-coach was a former Olympic powerlifter and had the curious idea that EVERYONE should also be an Olympic powerlifter--or at least train like one.  So in the fall of that year ('97), while doing some heavy lifting--I suffered a couple herniated discs in my back. Fun times.  4 days later I had back surgery.  The injury basically ended my baseball career as I suffered a pinched nerve in my right leg and lost a great deal of strength in my lower half.  I eventually did rehab and came back to pitch that year but I just didn't have it.  So baseball was done for me.  So since I still wanted to be active--I decided to focus on lifting.  And eating. And lifting. And eating. And lifting.  by the time I left Columbia I was clocking in at about 240 lbs with about 10% body fat. I was a big boy.  Well, once I got back to L.A. and didn't have those wonderful meal-plan points to spend--I soon dropped down to around 215-220.  I was eating lots of chicken and tuna.  Ever tried tuna straight out of the can? It's pretty nasty.  Yup, did that for about a year.  Following 2 years   trying to save money ,   law school  started. That and getting married to my lovely wife (who can cook) reduced my physical activity and increased my food intake.  So I finally weighed myself a few weeks ago and I was an embarassing 237.  That's just wrong.  So I had to crack down and after a couple of weeks I'm within my "fighting weight" at around 226 (body fat around 16%).  Granted, as the   US Army requires someone of my height/age to be around 220 , I have a long way to go (all things being equal--I'm hoping to sign up once I get my JD and pass the bar--I want to sue Kim Jong Il)   Now if I can only get my 2 mile time below 17:54--I'll be happy. Hey, anybody know how to remedy shin splints? I'm dyin' here.