I'm in the middle of Michael Howard's brief   War in European History .  It's a short little book, but well written and interesting. I read parts of it in college, and just decided to read it in full.  In discussing late 15th/early 16th century warfare, Howard pens this line, which I liked:  All this--the spread of fortification, the ascendancy of the defensive on the battlefield, the expense of mercenary troops and the professional caution of their leaders--explain why, for over a hundred years, warfare in Europe was so prolonged and so indecisive; smouldering away like wet wood, inflicting continuous damage on the countryside like some chronic disease to which the patient had philosophically if miserably resigned himself, never acting as a catalyst establishing a new pattern of politic order.  Part of me wants to resist drawing a modern parallel--but this is a blog, I can't let any analogy go untested--no matter how dumb.  But this statements seems to typify the state of affairs in much of the Mid East right now--cultures so locked into a cycle that nobody will win/nothing will be decided short of a epochal event that can serve to change the course and tenor of the existing state of affairs.    For Howard, that event (admittedly not a singular event, but more of a process)--was the development of the gun--which reduced the effectiveness of the cavalry as well as the Swiss pikemen and the usefulness of fortifications as the prime locus of state power--thereby causing states to look to the sea and trade to increase their wealth/power.    Anyway, back to my bad analogy--I'm inclined to think that the war in Iraq is just such an epochal event.  It, far more than any other war in the region in recent memory, has the potential to completely alter the framework in which states in the region deal/perceive/interact with one another.  No longer will it be "all against the West and Israel"--Iraq is the X factor, the variable.  That dramatically reduces the power of the mullahs, the Assads, etc--since their citizenry can now look to Iraq and see "another way" that was heretofore denied them as being nothing more than a Zionist plot.  I think that's kinda cool.