 Court: If police ask, you must give your name .    US citizens do not enjoy a constitutional right to refuse to reveal their identity when requested by police. In what may become a major boost to US law enforcement and antiterrorism efforts, the US Supreme Court Monday upheld a Nevada law that makes it a criminal offense for anyone suspected of wrongdoing to refuse to identify himself to police. *** The 5-to-4 decision says that neither the Fourth Amendment's right to privacy nor the Fifth Amendment's guarantee against self-incrimination bars states from passing laws requiring citizens to identify themselves.  In effect, the majority justices say that in most cases it is no significant intrusion for police to request - and a suspect to provide - his name.  "One's identity is, by definition, unique; yet it is, in another sense, a universal characteristic," writes Justice Anthony Kennedy for the majority. "Answering a request to disclose a name is likely to be so insignificant in the scheme of things as to be incriminating only in unusual circumstances."  Justice Kennedy adds that if a case arises in which the furnished identity provides a key link leading to the conviction of the individual for a different crime, the court will revisit the issue.  Joining Justice Kennedy's majority opinion were Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia, and Clarence Thomas.     From the summary  re: the 4th Amendment   The Nevada statute is consistent with Fourth Amendment prohibitions against unreasonable searches and seizures because it properly balances the intrusion on the individual's interests against the promotion of legitimate government interests. See Delaware v. Prouse, 440 U. S. 648, 654. An identity request has an immediate relation to the Terry stop's purpose, rationale, and practical demands, and the threat of criminal sanction helps ensure that the request does not become a legal nullity. On the other hand, the statute does not alter the nature of the stop itself, changing neither its duration nor its location.  Re: the 5th Amendment:   Hiibel's contention that his conviction violates the Fifth Amendment's prohibition on self-incrimination fails because disclosure of his name and identity presented no reasonable danger of incrimination. The Fifth Amendment prohibits only compelled testimony that is incriminating, see Brown v. Walker, 161 U. S. 591, 598, and protects only against disclosures that the witness reasonably believes could be used in a criminal prosecution or could lead to other evidence that might be so used, Kastigar v. United States, 406 U. S. 441, 445. Hiibel's refusal to disclose was not based on any articulated real and appreciable fear that his name would be used to incriminate him, or that it would furnish evidence needed to prosecute him.   When I was in Criminal Procedure this past year I was marked the "So What" corner because every time my well-meaning but consistently left-leaning professor (a former PD from Baltimore) would breathlessly tell us what was so wrong and horrible about what the police in a given case had done, my hand would invariably shoot up and ask, "So what?"  When I heard of this case (  HIIBEL v. SIXTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT OF NEVADA  ), I had basically the same reaction.  I couldn't see how such a request could qualify as compelled testimony that was incriminating. Of course, I hadn't given it all that much thought, but I like to point out when I get the crap-shoot that is predicting SCOTUS opinions right.  UPDATE:   Volokh on the case .