From   Editor & Publisher : The   Times editorial, titled "Show Us the Proof," said it was "surprised by the depth and ferocity of the administration's capacity for denial." It observed that what Cheney called "longstanding ties" between Saddam and bin Laden so far amount amounted "to one confirmed meeting, after which the Iraq government did not help Al Qaeda. By those standards, the United States has longstanding ties to North Korea." Cheney, as usual, the newspaper said, "is not prepared to offer any evidence beyond the flimsy-to-nonexistent arguments he has used in the past."  And in a shocking example of somebody letting a story through:   9/11 Panel Chiefs Reiterate Position on Qaeda-Iraq Ties    Mr. Kean and Mr. Hamilton appeared to suggest that any differences over the issue were largely semantic.  "We have concluded there is no evidence that we can find whatsoever that Iraq or Saddam Hussein participated in any way in attacks on the United States," Mr. Kean said. "What we do say, however, is there were contacts."  Mr. Hamilton said he had looked at the statements "quite carefully" from the administration. "They are not claiming there was a collaborative relationship between Saddam Hussein and Al Qaeda with regard to the attacks on the United States," he said.  He later added that with regard to the administration's core statements, "I don't think there is a difference of opinion with regard to those statements."  On that note, I just started Stephen Hayes'   The Connection : How al Qaeda's Collaboration with Saddam Hussein Has Endangered America .  I'm about 1/4 of the way through it.  It's written well, Hayes' is appropriately skeptical and acknowledges that his information may well turn out to be wrong--but at this point it is something of an indictment of the press and by extension, the 9/11 commission that they have not investigated these contacts more vigorously.  Most notably, the strange tale of   Ahmed Hikmat Shakir  as well as the media's failure to investigate the 1992 IIS memo listing Osama as an Iraqi intelligence asset.  But as I said, I'm only about 1/4 through...