      The Iraq connection long suggested by administration officials gained no currency in the report.  "Bin Laden is said to have requested space to establish training camps, as well as assistance in procuring weapons, but Iraq apparently never responded," the report said. "There have been reports that contacts between Iraq and Al Qaeda also occurred" after bin Laden moved his operations to Afghanistan in 1996, "but they do not appear to have resulted in a collaborative relationship," it said.  "Two senior bin Laden associates have adamantly denied that any ties existed between Al Qaeda and Iraq," the report said.  So let's get this straight, Iraqi agents/operatives/envoys and Al Qaeda had met as early as 1994 and   as late as 2000 , yet this signified not a "collaborative relationship."  Hmmm...ok.  Consider the following re: Mr. Ahmed Hakmit Shakir and his meeting in Kuala Lampur:   The meeting lasted for three days. Six days after September 11, Shakir was captured in Doha, Qatar. He had in his possession contact information for several senior al Qaeda terrorists: Zahid Sheikh Mohammed, brother of September 11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed; Musab Yasin, brother of Abdul Rahman Yasin, the Iraqi who helped mix the chemicals for the first World Trade Center attack and was given safe haven upon his return to Baghdad; and Mamdouh Mahmud Salim, otherwise known as Abu Hajer al Iraqi, described by one top al Qaeda detainee as Osama bin Laden's "best friend."   Despite all of this, Shakir was released. On October 21, 2001, he boarded a plane for Baghdad, via Amman, Jordan. He never made the connection. Shakir was detained by Jordanian intelligence. Immediately following his capture, according to U.S. officials familiar with the intelligence on Shakir, the Iraqi government began exerting pressure on the Jordanians to release him. Some U.S. intelligence officials--primarily at the CIA--believed that Iraq's demand for Shakir's release was pro forma, no different from the requests governments regularly make on behalf of citizens detained by foreign governments. But others, pointing to the flurry of phone calls and personal appeals from the Iraqi government to the Jordanians, disagreed. This panicked reaction, they said, reflected an interest in Shakir at the highest levels of Saddam Hussein's regime.  CIA officials who interviewed Shakir in Jordan reported that he was generally uncooperative. But even in refusing to talk, he provided some important information: The interrogators concluded that his evasive answers reflected counterinterrogation techniques so sophisticated  that he had probably learned them from a government intelligence service. Shakir's Iraqi nationality, his contacts with the Iraqi embassy in Malaysia, the keen interest of Baghdad in his case, and now the appearance of his name on the rolls of Fedayeen officers--all this makes the Iraqi intelligence service the most likely source of his training.  So even assuming that Saddam was not handing Osama a bag with a big dollar sign on it--don't the meetings between AQ and Iraq, in both 1994 and 2000 suggest that Iraq was at least AWARE of Al Qaeda's plans to attack the US?    Further, doesn't the 2000 meeting suggest a specific foreknowledge of the 9/11 attacks?  Wouldn't that present a fairly strong argument that Iraq was at some level complicit in the attacks insofar as they knew about them and did nothing--even if they didn't actively aid in their commission? One wonders if the 9/11 Commission's staff report mentioned (even if to refute) this facially relevant fact. I am inclined to doubt it.