BSK, one of   BoiFromTroy's  guestbloggers, pens a screed that demands attention for its inanity. (Permalinks are twitchy--here's a   link  to the post immediately following the one in question, scroll down to "Vive la Liberté")  The discussion undoubtedly centered around the quagmire that is Iraq; a war that I was never in favour of. My fellow tablemates were a little surprised with my dissent, and even more shocked with my vividly poignant remark, “the actions of the American government are not necessarily endorsed by the whole of the American people.”   This is undoubtedly true--but then again, no democratic system I am aware of requires UNANIMITY. (Wait, there was the Articles of Confederation--that worked out swimmingly)  My Canadian counterpart said in jest, “It’s a good thing you’re in a free nation,” referring to my having said those words in Canada as supposed to the United States.  Yes, because clearly had the comment been made in Buffalo, black helicopters and jackbooted Ashcroftian thugs would have kicked down the door of the local Coffee Bean to haul off our resident Solzhenitsyn.  I grimaced for a moment, but it was painfully obvious that his statement was far from being tenuous.  Tenuous? More like   tendentious , or better yet,   fatuous .   For a time, it seemed dissent had taken a certain and unconscionable turn toward being labeled unpatriotic and worse, un-American.   Aside from trying to figure out the different between being unpatriotic and being un-American in the given context--any remotely cursory glance of the landscape even following 9/11 shows that   dissent  was   alive  and   well . That it was   wrong  and   fairly moronic  in its varying forms is another matter.    I can certainly recall friends, colleagues, and confidantes of mine that kept a low profile with their declination toward a pro-war stance, commonplace from sea to shining sea, little over a year ago. They feared ridicule. They fear for their jobs and their livelihood. They feared rejection from their peers.  Ok, so because people with unpopular views risked actually being TOLD their views were unpopular, this is somehow "unconscionable"?  And at last check, freedom from ridicule or rejection by one's peers were not what   FDR had in mind .  Those that advocated for peace were ridiculed with such inane, juvenile terms as “moonbats.”   Almost as juvenile and inane as suggesting that the U.S. is not a free nation, I suppose. And what does it mean to "advocate peace"?  EVERYONE advocates peace.  What matters is what form that peace will take.  To say you are an "advocate of peace" means nothing--its uninformative and conveys nothing.  Hitler "advocated peace"--and there would have been peace had the Allies not decided to be all uppity and keep fighting.   France – the first ally of the United States mind you – was denounced in the hallowed halls of the Congress of the United States in the most unfledged manner.  Of what possible relevance is it that France was an early ally of the U.S.?  Nevermind they allied with us because it helped weaken the British (rather than a great love for our grand experiment--which the French then screwed up rather well), but when France's chief   foreign policy stance  is to be   be a check to American power --that's no longer an ally, that's an adversary.  Not an enemy mind you, we're not killing each other, but France cannot, by ANY rational calculation, be considered an ally today.  And it's downright ig'nant to suggest as much.  It was a time at which I began to gravely fear for the sanctity and preservation for our American way of life.  Yes, "Freedom Fries" and "moonbats" are far more dangerous than murderous Islamists hurtling thousands of pounds of metal and jet fuel into civilians.  The tides have changed some; an election year may have a role to play in just that.   Pulled back from the brink! Praise *insert non-offensive non-judgmental deity-type figure here*!  From an administration that was chomping at the bit to invade and occupy, they have now turned a blushed shade of embarrassment looking for the nearest exit.  Thanks in part to the steely resolve and determination of thoughtful dissenters like our intrepid writer here...  From the CBS Documentary on the Abu Ghraib prison scandal to the endless rows of crosses – representing American troops killed in conflict – that lined Santa Monica Beach,   They are not endless. There have been 825 deaths of American servicemen in Iraq. It cheapens their sacrifice and memory immensely and betrays an astounding ignorance of both the nature of warfare and the relative bloodlessness of this war to call a combat death rate of 0.6% "endless."  I believe that Americans are once again ready, willing and unafraid to stand up and say ‘no’ to the prevailing throes of authoritarianism and fear.   So long as those throes aren't coming from elsewhere in the world--we CAN'T combat them--that would be well...not advocating peace.   Even if the rogue regime that must be confronted comes from Washington, DC.  "Even if"?  Try "only if we can be too-clever-by-half and convince ourselves that WE are the ones living in the police state."  The American people, for their part, are now more disappointed than ever with the turn of events in the Middle East, and I feel that a return to a true, and more importantly unhindered, freedom to disagree may be inevitable.  I was unaware the First Amendment had been altered.  Did I miss a memo?  Our intrepid author's freedom to utter nonsensical drivel is as protected, and subject to denouncement/refutation/ridicule/fisking/whatever as it was on Sept 10, 2001.  I’m not about to make a partisan argument  Too late.  but I feel it significantly important that we the people always be able to have a representative democracy, for, of, and by the people.  That our author invokes Lincoln to argue AGAINST the liberation of 50 million is ironic to say the least.  When the opinions of even the smallest minority are overlooked, or worse dismissed forthright, democracy fails,   Nothing about democracy requires unpopular or otherwise rejected ideologies/idea/positions/opinions be given credence.  So long as people have the freedom to express their opinions without being jailed or beat up (and they do)--then democracy is working juuuuuust fine.  Further, what kind of stunted mental process works off the assumption that these opinions are "overlooked"--isn't is just as likely--and indeed, FAR more plausible that they've been looked at, recognized as being tripe, and summarily rejected?  And isn't THAT supremely democratic?  and what is left is something that vaguely resembles a dangerous cross between fascism and national socialism, painted over in red, white and blue.    Godwin's Law  makes an appearance.   If we are to be the beacon of freedom to the world, then freedom must start here and freedom must persevere here. This nation must continue to be a forum of ideas; a canvas, if you will, with strikingly different and contrasting colours.  Wouldn't this be a call to ALLOW a more prevalent voice for those advocating national socialism? But of course the author doesn't mean that...since that would be consistent.     A plutocratic oligarchy was never meant to rear its ugly head underneath the Stars and Stripes.  There's actually a fair argument to be made that the Founding Fathers DID intend something of an oligarchy--just one whose members would vary every two/four/six years.    This country was founded on dissent, and on dissent it shall endure. Power to the people, both now and forever.  No, this country was founded on   consensus --  after    all --  more    than    a    couple    states    had    to    ratify    this     here    pesky    document .