My mom and her husband are currently on a   cruise to Florence, Italy with both Victor Davis Hanson and David Horowitz  (I got a couple books signed).  So here's   VDH on the notion that the strategy of preemption is somehow a new and wholly Bushian strategy :   Rubbish. Preemption is a concept as old as the Greeks. It perhaps was first articulated in the fourth book of Thucydides’s history, in which the veteran Theban general Pagondas explained why his Boeotians should hit the Athenians at the border near Delium, even though they were already retreating and posed no immediate threat. The Boeotians did and won—and were never attacked by the Athenians again. On a more immediate level, preemption was how many of us stayed alive in a rather tough grade school. Confront the bully first, openly, and in daylight—our Texan principal warned us—before he could jump you as planned in the dark on the way home. I don’t think imperial Germany was a direct threat to the United States when we sent troops to Europe in 1917; rather we preempted at least in part in fear that the defeat of France and Great Britain would inevitably imperil our own security in the future both on the seas and in Europe. *** Nor has the United States established “a dangerous precedent” in hitting Saddam Hussein before he could add any more corpses to his three-decade-long record of carnage. Turkey did not jump back into Cyprus. We did not move on to hit Havana. Pakistan and India are now talking and playing cricket—not in smoke amid cinders. Neither was emboldened by the three-week war—as shrill critics in the United States promised—to strike the other first. No frontline Arab state saw the March 2003 attacks as an invitation to bomb Israel, now convinced that the United States has sanctified first-strike strategy.  On multilateralism:   Perhaps the greatest example of “multilateral” military action was the Nazi invasion of the Soviet Union. Think of the vast multilateral coalition! Germans, Austrians, Romanians, Czechs, Finns, Spaniards, Bulgarians, and Italians all united together to attack Communist Russia, which in turn had no other combatants on its front but unilaterally minded Russians.   In 1939 Great Britain was a unilateral power, threatened by a broad multilateral axis and without any real ally. The 1956 Suez Crisis was a multilateral enterprise—an undertaking by France, Great Britain, and Israel. It was stopped unilaterally by the Eisenhower administration. Israel in 1973 reacted unilaterally to a preemptive strike from a multilateral coalition involving Egypt, Jordan, Syria, Lebanon, and Iraq. The only real constant was not preemption/multilateralism/unilateralism but simply that a democratic state was fighting many others who were not.  But ultimately, he hits it on the head with:   The Left’s problem is not our embrace of the concept of “unilateralism” per se—or it would have attacked Clinton’s U.N.-be-damned use of force in Iraq, Kosovo, and Haiti. No, the rub is something altogether different. A Christian, southern-accented, conservative Republican president, coming off a disputed election, has chosen to preempt. And when you hit first in a therapeutic America, you are at least supposed to bite your lip and squeeze Hillary’s hand on national television. You do not dare say, “Bring ’em on” and “Smoke ’em out”—much less fly a jet out to an aircraft carrier.