Haven't gone back to this topic in a while but I figured I should lest I be accused of being lazy or incomplete.    Background :  The left generally argues that the War in Iraq is separate from the War on Terror and is somehow unjustified.  To counter charges they are merely reflexively anti-war and defeatist, they often allege that they were staunchly behind the war in Afghanistan. So what I'm doing is just going through the editorials of major US and world papers to show that the same sort of defeatism and cries of Vietnam/quagmire/unilateralism/etc were there for the War in Afghanistan.     Part 1 was the NYT  (methodology is found here)   Part 2 was the WaPo    Part 3 was Boston Globe   Now, I'm going to take a look at the   San Francisco Chronicle .   SEPTEMBER 14, 2001, FRIDAY--Building the alliance  (SFC suggests allying with 2/3 of the Axis of Evil)   The Bush administration should continue to push hard to expand the alliance to take on the perpetrators of Tuesday's ghastly assault on America. We were heartened by Powell's steel and wisdom yesterday as he talked about having a "responsible, sober discussion" with Pakistan about the need for its cooperation.  Even Libya, North Korea and Iran have condemned the attacks. The broader the alliance -- even if it means holding our noses in some cases -- the easier it will be to pursue and destroy the perpetrators' network wherever it hides.  Each additional ally we enlist will give us more land, water and air space to traverse freely in pursuit of our still-undetermined adversary.   SEPTEMBER 25, 2001, TUESDAY--Showing the proof  (SFC gets war mixed up with an episode of "Law and Order")   But as large-scale military attack on Afghanistan becomes more and more likely,  many Americans and foreign leaders are becoming apprehensive at the apparent lack of hard evidence implicating bin Laden .  *** Although it's true that the investigation must not be compromised by public release of evidence, the Bush administration should not get a blank check to attack any target it wants.  Should the Bush administration be the sole judge and jury?  There has been a streak of Wild West, get-out-of-my-way unilateralism in Bush's foreign policy.  Some Bush administration officials have said publicly that the United States should attack "terrorist" nations besides Afghanistan -- such as Iraq and Sudan -- even if those nations had no involvement in the Sept. 11 disaster.   OCTOBER 3, 2001, WEDNESDAY--Restraint as a weapon  (The vaunted and over-hyped fighting prowess of the Taliban emerges--contrasting this with the snide comments about the US helping to "create" the Taliban by not having enough of a presence in Afgh. is curious)    But many experts on Afghanistan say the Taliban are usually poor fighters who turn fierce only when confronted by a foreign invader such as the Soviets in the 1980s. Don't provoke this nationalist reaction by invading with large numbers of U.S. troops or bombing populated areas, the experts say . Just arm the Alliance and use plenty of grease -- diplomatic muscle, weapons and even money -- to coax other warlords, tribal leaders and even dissident Taliban commanders to join the anti-terrorist struggle.   OCTOBER 7, 2001, SUNDAY--Life in black and white by Stephanie Salter  (Moral equivalence by way of a crazy-ass extended "Casablanca" metaphor)    For once, I envy the people for whom there are no contradictions: There are bad guys and good guys. Period. Americans are always good guys because we live in the Best Place on Earth, which means that all other places and the people in them are inferior -- there's only one best -- but, hey, they shouldn't take it personally.   Yes, my kingdom and the tunnel of cognitive dissonance for a world of black-and-white. Preferably beautiful black-and-white like "Casablanca." Filmed in 1942, it is one of the escape passages I've ducked into since Sept. 11 for respite from all the bouncing.   OCTOBER 8, 2001, MONDAY--And so the war begins  (Attacking terrorists only leads to more violence...)   But yesterday's strikes had a far more ominous feel for Americans than the similar-appearing scenes from Kosovo, Sudan or Iraq.  The United States has no illusions that this mission can be accomplished with aerial bombs alone. And there was little question that these bombings would provoke a counterattack against civilians on U.S. soil .    OCTOBER 12, 2001, FRIDAY--A new international spirit; If the U.S. can cooperate to combat terrorism, it can cooperate to pursue justice by Diane Marie Amann  (Wars can't combat terrorism, but the Int'l Criminal Court can--and note the confidence that Americans won't be brought under the JDX of the ICC--it ain't for lack of trying, that's for sure)   The success so far of this joint endeavor compels a closer look at another opportunity for justice through cooperation, the proposed International Criminal Court.  Not long ago that suggestion would have drawn laughter.  Bush had swaggered onto the foreign-policy scene like a latter-day Matt Dillon aiming to shoot down the supposed menace of international entanglement. He pulled out of the Kyoto protocol, a pact to halt global warming. His national security adviser spoke of U.S. withdrawal from the Balkans. U.N. back dues remained unpaid, hostage to the unrestrained whims of Congress' most passionate isolationists. The Bush message was clear: The world's lone superpower preferred to go it alone.   *** The attacks of Sept. 11 changed everything.  In an instant we learned that, like it or not, superpower or no, we are part of the rest of the world. We learned that what we do, what we stand for, stirs emotions well beyond our borders. It even breeds murderous hatred among unknown and faraway people, whom we cannot fight, cannot even find, alone . And so the Bush administration did not strike out on its own. Instead, it sought help. Friends rallied quickly, offering condolences, pledging military support, and damming the flow of money to terrorists. Even countries not always friendly to the United States spoke out against the attacks. Some agreed to let our bombers fly over their territory. In these last weeks, therefore, we have learned that international cooperation can be a good thing.   OCTOBER 12, 2001, FRIDAY--Airwaves as a battlefield  (Bush and Bin Laden are equivalent in the propaganda war--and heaven forbid news organization be asked to NOT broadcast bin Laden's messages)    PROPAGANDA can be one of the most effective weapons of war. Osama bin Laden certainly knows it. So does President Bush.  ***  Still, there is something unsettling about having the White House try to guide what should be news executives' judgments .  Rice suggested, without offering any evidence, that bin Laden could be sending secret signals to terrorists on the video . She also argued, more persuasively, that bin Laden's tapes could unduly frighten Americans and whip up anti-U.S. sentiment overseas.  It must be noted that U.S. journalists historically have been quite deferential to government's concerns about the reporting of troop movements, planned attacks or anything else that could put lives or a mission in danger. Some 17 U.S. news organizations were aware of Sunday's bombings in Afghanistan in advance; none leaked a word.   The suppression of enemy propaganda is a more troubling request. One of the journalists' jobs in times of war is to cut through the propaganda from both sides . Americans would not want the media to obstruct U.S. military operations in any way, but they should expect journalists to provide a forthright and independent assessment of any official pronouncements -- including those from the Pentagon or the White House.   OCTOBER 16, 2001, TUESDAY--Why bombing and warnings are not working by Hasan Jafri & Lewis Dolinsky  (headline speaks for itself)   For all of Slobodan Milosevic's bluster and disdain for America during the Kosovo war, the Yugoslav leader caved in because he got the message. The Taliban don't. And President Bush's ultimatums inflame Afghan passions against the United States. Even worse, they help Osama bin Laden.  *** In the meantime, Washington cannot engage the Afghans in any meaningful dialogue by serving ultimatums and dropping bombs.   OCTOBER 16, 2001, TUESDAY--New respect for the U.N  (U.S. action must seek UN permission)   But last week, a few days before the Nobel decision, the administration muddied the waters by informing the U.N. Security Council that the United States "may find that our self-defense requires further actions with respect to other organizations and other states." This was a vague reference to Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, Iran and Sudan, to name a few nations that administration hard-liners have reportedly advocated attacking.   What are the limits of self-defense? Who decides, and when? The U.N. Charter doesn't say. Many U.S. allies fear that overuse of the concept may allow Washington to declare open hunting season on any and all enemies.   Seeking to mollify its allies, the Bush administration hinted that the United Nations might be entrusted with governing Afghanistan after the war.   This is a laudable evolution in U.S. policy. Washington needs to continue looking toward the United Nations -- not merely as a cheering section for its military action, but as the central arbiter of international law.    OCTOBER 17, 2001, WEDNESDAY--Afghanistan: We didn't have to do this by Stephanie Salter  (ummm...yeah)    What we are doing in, above, and to Afghanistan is short-sighted, counterproductive and immoral.  That I am among a mere 6 or 10 percent of Americans (depending on the poll) who feel this way hurts my heart.   The amount of nonthink, or flat-out denial, that is required to support Operation Enduring Freedom is painful to contemplate. Sending thousands of kids -- "our brave men and women in uniform" -- to risk their lives for it is unbearable.     We Americans have never been known for critical thought and analysis.  Context and historical perspective rank low on our national priorities list, somewhere below foreign language skills but above gas conservation. Add to that our deliberate myopia and chronic impatience, and you have the U.S. military trashing big chunks of Kabul, Kandahar and Mazar-I-Sharif in pursuit of a cave-dwelling, mass murderer and his worldwide band of suicidal disciples.   OCTOBER 24, 2001, WEDNESDAY--Good news -- many deplore bombing Afghanistan by Stephanie Salter  (I like this lady, she's like a budget version of Maureen Dowd)   Given that every major poll says Americans back this military strategy to the tune of 90 to 94 percent, I hunkered down for what I was sure would be a tsunami of you-traitor, love-it-or-leave-it response.   I'm elated to report I was wrong. While the missives still roll in (more than 1,500 e-mails alone), they are running about 6 to 1 in support .   NOVEMBER 11, 2001, SUNDAY--The sacrifices we must make BY Stephanie Salter  (U.S. trained bin Laden and we like killing babies...or something)   To the people of Afghanistan: ***  In a nutshell, we are worth more than you.   Please, don't take this personally. (Remember, we are your friends.) It's just the way it is, no matter who's president or which party controls Congress. *** What I'm trying to say is, you people are more accustomed to dying, early and in large numbers, than we are.  For you to lose 5,000 people in one day is normal. For us, it's beyond horrible.  If 5 million or 6 million of you have to starve so we can avenge our dead, so we can -- keep your fingers crossed -- get bin Laden and keep him from ever doing this to us again, it's a price we're willing to pay.   I promise you, most of us will feel bad for you.  And, when it's all over, those of you who survive will be in for good times like you've never had. We might even come in with some kind of mini-Marshall Plan that will help you set up a real democracy, just like ours. Imagine, living in a society where individuals matter and every life is precious.   NOVEMBER 14, 2001, WEDNESDAY--To tame war's tempo  (We won the war TOO quickly)   IS THERE such a thing as too much success?  Suddenly, chaotically, the Bush administration's war campaign is turning into a victorious race across Afghanistan.   Being left in the dust is the State Department's campaign to create a broad-based government and a United Nations-sponsored peacekeeping team.   SUMMARY :  Chronicle wasn't too bad (again, everything kind of pales in comparison to the NYT)--though Stephanie Satler came across as I said, a low-budget Maureen Dowd--but all in all--I think the paper get about a C+ (if a letter grade be appropriate). But I think the paper shared much of elite media's fixation on turning everything over the the UN or some other ineffectual body or that somehow KILLING terrorists somehow works to their advantage--I still haven't worked my head around that one yet.  Hence the C+.