This story is a couple days old, but SCOTUS has held in    Austria v. Altmann, 03-13   (link to the PDF Slip Opinion) that   Austria can be sued for stolen property/looted paintings/war crimes . Excerpt:   The 6-3 ruling allows 88-year-old Maria V. Altmann of Los Angeles to pursue her claim over six paintings by Gustav Klimt that were stolen from her uncle in Vienna by the Nazis. The paintings are held by the Austrian Gallery in Vienna.   Before 1952 the U.S. gave foreign nations full immunity from lawsuits in U.S. courts. A 1952 State Department policy began allowing suits against foreign nations over their commercial acts. In 1976 Congress enacted the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act, which spelled out the 1952 policy and allowed suits over property taken in violation of international law.    This raises the question--would Iraqi-American citizens who fled Saddam's Iraq be entitled to recover from the new Iraqi gov't for actions done by Saddam?  This opinion itself doesn't really shed much light on the question since the conduct in question occurred BEFORE the passage of the FSIA and the Court says its opinion is "extremely narrow"  Nevertheless, I shall soldier on. This   article provides a good overview of the FSIA .  Basically, FSIA presumes that foreign states are immune unless the plaintiff can point to a specific exception which would override that immunity.  The foreign state could waive immunity, or it could be involved in commercial activity rendering it outside the FSIA's grant of immunity:   Under the commercial activity exception, a foreign state is not immune if the plaintiff''s action is "based upon" 1) a commercial activity carried on in the U.S. by the foreign state; 2) an act performed in the U.S. in connection with a commercial activity of the foreign state outside the U.S.; or 3) an act outside the U.S. that was taken in connection with a commercial activity of the foreign state outside of the U.S. and that caused a direct effect in the U.S.47 Thus, the exception actually comprises three distinct clauses that provide independent grounds for exercising jurisdiction over the foreign state.   The threshold question when analyzing the commercial activity exception is whether the activity of foreign state was commercial rather than public. The act''s definition of commercial activity reveals little about on the meaning of the phrase.48 However, it does dictate that it is the nature of an activity that determines its commercial character, not the purpose underlying it. Thus, the fact that the foreign state engaged in an act for a public purpose does not render the act public. The proper focus is whether the particular actions that the foreign state performs, whatever the motive behind them, are the type of action by which a private party engages in trade or commerce.49 According to the U.S. Supreme Court, whenever "a foreign government acts, not as a regulator of a market, but in the manner of a private player within it, the foreign sovereign''s actions" qualify as commercial under the FSIA.50   If the activity is found to be commercial, the next question becomes whether the act fits within one of the three clauses set forth above. The focus of all three of these clauses is the nexus between the foreign state''s commercial activity and the U.S. The case law interpreting and applying these clauses is extensive, with the courts routinely engaging in fact intensive analyses of whether the foreign state''s commercial conduct had a sufficient nexus with the U.S. to fall within the exception. A recurring theme in these analyses is the requirement that plaintiff''s cause of action arise directly from the foreign state''s commercial activity in the U.S. or the act outside of the U.S. that causes a direct effect in the U.S.51    So would Saddam's taking of property constitute commercial activity? I wouldn't think so--that strikes me more, given his position as the dictator, as the actions of a gov't, rather than of those of a private party engaged in commerce.  Granted, it's not a very NICE gov't--but it's still ultimately a gov't action rather than a commercial one.   But what about Saddam's conduct vis a vis the Oil for Food program? That could (it's a stretch) be said to be a form of breach of contract insofar as Saddam never held up his end of the bargain to, y'know, FEED his people.  But that effect isn't likely to be felt by any US citizens--and hence you'd have the jurisdictional issue to worry about.  So ok, if you can't sue when Saddam takes your house--could you sue when he kills your family? Excerpt:   ...a foreign state is not immune for acts, not otherwise encompassed in the commercial activities exception above, in which money damages are sought against a foreign state for personal injury or death or damage to property, occurring in the U.S. and caused by the tortious act or omission of that foreign state or of any official or employee of that foreign state while acting within the scope of his or her office or employment.57 However, the exception does not apply to 1) any claim based upon the exercise or performance or the failure to exercise or perform a discretionary function regardless of whether the discretion be abused, or 2) any claim arising out of malicious prosecution, abuse of process, libel, slander, misrepresentation, deceit, or interference with contract rights.58  *** The exception applies only when the tortious acts or omissions of a foreign state occur in the U.S. In fact, it has been held that the exception applies only when the entire tort takes place in the U.S.61 It is clear that the mere fact that the plaintiff suffered injury in the U.S. as a result of tortious acts occurring abroad is not sufficient to bring the action within the exception.62    So it would seem that even here, since the hypothetical torts didn't occur in the US--that the plaintiffs would be unable to sue in a US court.  This might all be moot of course if the court applied the  Act of State Doctrine --which the Court in the Austria case did not rule on--basically that doctrine (stealing from my Conflicts outline) holds that US Courts will not sit in judgment on acts of gov’t of another done within its (2nd’s) own territory.  A court will not sit in judgment of a foreign state after applying this three factor test (taken from    BANCO NACIONAL DE CUBA v. SABBATINO, 376 U.S. 398 (1964)  ) and my Conflicts outline:   a.	Degree of codification/consensus concerning particular area of int’l law b.	Implications of issue re: US foreign relations c.	Balance of relevant considerations may be shifted if gov’t which did the challenged act is no longer in existence  One can easily see the implications to US foreign relations if a wacky court decided to let Iraqi-citizens sue the new Iraqi gov't for the actions of the old (no longer existing) regime.  Indeed, you'd have briefs galore filed by the gov't and State Department practically begging the court to not allow such a suit to proceed.  And what a headline THAT would make:  "U.S. Seeks to Block Victims of War Crimes from Recovery"--ok, I'm depressed now. And my head hurts.