Two interesting pieces on the topic--the first from today's NYT on   France's "love" for the US but hatred of Bush :   Politicians speak of saying yes to America but no to Mr. Bush. The newspaper Libération warns Mr. Bush that he should not take President Jacques Chirac's expected expressions of gratitude as directed at him, but rather at America. Laurent Fabius, a former prime minister, says Mr. Bush is viewed "as the exact opposite of the values that make us love America."    The idea is very French. It is conceptual. It is subtle. It is intellectually pleasing. It projects the notion that France knows better than America what America really is or really should be. It harks back to the idea France shares with America: that the countries embody some eternal values and have a mission to export them to all mankind.   The view of America as separate from its leader also has a familiar ring. For decades after World War II, the argument that "La France" was distinct from its quisling, Jew-deporting Vichy government was a familiar one. In this view, Marshal Henri Philippe Pétain, the leader of the Vichy government, was not France, certainly not the eternal France of the Revolution, incarnated in the resistance leader Jean Moulin or in Charles de Gaulle himself.     I suppose it is fairly easy in a country with a history of dictatorial regimes and monarchs to separate the people from the President/King/ l'Empereur! .  It's a shade harder to do here in the U.S. since well, our leaders do tend to be a reflection of our collective values (or at least of the majority's).  Saying "I like what America stands for" or "I like the IDEALS of America" is like saying that you like the IDEA of your wife, but don't actually like the actual person. It doesn't fly.  The second piece is a   REALLY long one from the Hudson Review  that is far too long to summarize but very interesting and outlines that so much of European opinion about the US is based on just the sort of boorish behavior and ignorance that they routinely accuse us of being guilty of.  After all, when so much of Europe's opinion of America comes from  Baywatch  and  Sopranos  episodes, with a healthy dose of state run media--yeah, you're gonna get some fairly ignorant views of America.  On THAT note, I'm reminded of an   IM conversation I had with a French person  a short while ago that kind of personified this disconnect with the notion that us wild crazy gun toting Americans might actually have some intellectually defensible positions:    Cycy1384: dont u think american law is scaring?  CXCross : Scary? Not at all  CXCross : I happen to like it Cycy1384: u know we were shocked by monica lewinsky story   CXCross : I don't doubt it. But I do doubt that you heard the full story Cycy1384: well one of my friend told me , people were not well with the president only cause he lied   CXCross : The issue regarding Clinton's impeachment was not that he had sex...but rather that he lied about it UNDER OATH.  CXCross : In a judicial proceeding Cycy1384: but at the begining its is private life nah?  CXCross : It was his private life--but it was also the subject of an authorized investigation arising out of a civil suit for sexual harassment Cycy1384: i still think it s scarying yet lol   CXCross : Just because it's your private life doesn't mean you can be compelled to testify about it  CXCross : "Where were you last night?" Cycy1384: well we never talk about our president over here *** Cycy1384: but clinton was good for the international scene Cycy1384: whereas bush wow   CXCross : Clinton did very little for int'l scene Cycy1384: HE DID well for isrealo palestinian conflit   CXCross : He went into Haiti, Kosovo, and bombed Iraq all without UN approval...  CXCross : No, he brokered a deal that Arafat rejected.  CXCross : He rejected Kyoto (as did our Senate, 99 to nothing) Cycy1384: kyoto is a wordl treaty  Cycy1384: we still are shocked by this rejection   CXCross : To which the US has not ratified Cycy1384: here we think the usa are collapsing slowly    I've had these conversations before--it's a strange phenomenon--in the same breath that they claim the US is filled with ignorant people, they display an ignorance of the US that can charitably be described as....curious.