 Spoons  has an excellent post on how, given the Dems repeated calls for "energy independence" and independence from Mideast oil, that Bush can bring back ANWR as a winning issue. He writes:   I doubt many will agree with me, but I think ANWR, correctly presented, could be a winning issue for Bush. If he devoted a few minutes in his convention speech to energy independence, announced some new program to fund research into hybrids or fuel cells or somesuch, and made an unapologetic case for drilling in ANWR, I'm convinced he'd pick up more votes than he'd lose.  I'd have to agree--just as the Dems tried to co-opt the patriotism/defense issue from the Republicans, the GOP can try the same thing re: energy independence. As Spoons suggests, combined with a solid call for further funding for alt. fuels, a call for increasing our domestic supply COULD be a winner.    For all their calls for reducing our dependence on Saudi oil, the Dems didn't offer anything in the way of ACTUALLY reducing our dependence on it in the short-term.  Fine, we'll fund alt. fuels up the wazoo--but until those begin to pay dividends (which won't be for a while), we're still going to rely on Mideast oil--the Dems ignored this fact.  Bush can exploit it.  On top of exploiting Kerry's voting against ANWR drilling, there is room to maneuver here for the GOP.  Spoons also raised this interesting point:   Bush won't get a better chance than the convention. Unfortunately, he's not a gifted speaker.  He's also not a political risk-taker.  I doubt we'll hear about ANWR at the Republican convention.   Emphasis mine.  This has always struck me as one of the great contradictions about Bush--for one so willing to stake his entire political being on a venture as admittedly risky as democratizing the Islamists, that Bush has been generally rsk-averse when it comes to appropriating Democratic issues is curious.  Granted, Bush did do a lot of such appropriating early in his term with "compassionate conservatism" and his education, faith-based, and similar legislation.  But lately, he hasn't been as willing to do so--he did try a little bit with his talk at the Urban League where he tried to drive a wedge between black voters and black leadership--but for the most part, Bush hasn't been too willing to get down and dirty.  Of course, he DOES have a war to win, but he also has a campaign to win. It's a curious contradiction with Bush. Not quite sure why.   UPDATE : Submitted to the   Beltway Traffic Jam