WaPo-   Nostalgia for the Consensus of the 1990s  You'd have to get to the very end of the article (literally) to find this gem:   Jonathan Winer, a longtime aide in Kerry's Senate office in the 1980s and 1990s, said the election presents a choice between "faith-based policymaking versus empirically based policymaking."   When Kerry is confronting a choice, he added, "it's a series of questions, questions, questions."   Rubin, who knows Kerry less intimately than Winer does, said he was struck by the same thing during an economic policy discussion in March. "He's pushing you to disagree," he recalled, and he kept pressing for more detail about risks and unintended consequences. " 'Yeah, but if we do that, what happens over here?' "   Rubin said it is a style of analysis that is "enormously reminiscent of what it was like to be with President Clinton."   So, too, is some of the criticism of Kerry. Critics have said Kerry's penchant for deliberation and nuance is less a sign of rigorous thinking than of equivocation and a desire to game out the political angles of any question.   Winer said this criticism is unfair. "He's cautious about making decisions and using power too quickly -- not about making decisions and using power," Winer said.   One measure of the Thursday speech, Kerry strategists acknowledge, is whether Kerry can make this distinction clear, and show that the principles of the past decade have relevance in the next one.   Hey, I'm in law school. I know the value of deliberative thinking in order to fully analyze the problem at hand and try to get the most points on the exam.  However, we sometimes have these exams called "racehorse" exams.  This is where the professor throws you a ton of issues and gives you an insanely short amount of time.  You simply don't have time to analyze deeply each and every issue--if you do, you fail.  Your job in a racehorse exam is to merely recognize as many issues as possible, and then pick the one or two that are MOST relevant try to do a little deeper analysis of them.  Will your analysis be exhaustive? No.  Nor will be if you had an extra two hours.  But that's the point--with a few exceptions, we study these issues for the purposes of reaching a DECISION.  The analysis is needed to justify the decision, but ultimately, if the decision is correct, then that's what matters.  Similarly, national security decisions are "horserace" exams more often than they are deliberative ones.  You often don't have time to analyze each and every potential outcome--you don't have time to gauge how interest group X will be affected if you take action against group Y.    I get the feeling that Kerry approaches decision-making with the idea that he has all the time in the world--and that the important thing is that you "show your work" in reaching that decision.    And while that may work for your Criminal Procedure exam, it won't exactly put the screws to Al Qaeda in time.   UPDATE : Submitted to the   Beltway Traffic Jam