 Justene at Calblog  notes her family had relatives on both sides of the Civil War, she writes:   The Confederate general owned no slaves. He did not go to war to protect slavery. He went to protect the South from the North, which dominated it, in his view. He advocated quite strongly early in the war that the slaves be freed.  Imagine our history books if he had prevailed. A Civil War which no one could say was about slavery. A South that freed the slaves.  I think this is interesting, though exceedingly far fetched.  While there were many (I'll even say majority) of Confederate soldiers that were not fighting for slavery but for their perceived territorial integrity against an invading North, I don't think this would have extended to any sort of magnanimity towards the slaves.  Especially not such that they'd be given their freedom.  Yes, a handful of black slaves were mustered into regiments in exchange for their freedom towards the end of the war--but that was done reluctantly by the Confederate Congress and only because the Southern military situation was so precarious.   Also, it's not certain that the commanding general of the amry could have had that much input into the post-war political situtation re: slaves.  After all, assume the South was led to victory by this anti-slavery Southerner.  Jeff Davis would still be President, the staunch pro-slavery plantantion owners would still dominate the Southern political system and the poor whites that neither owned slaves nor really cared (though they were NOT about to accept racial equality of any sort) would still be essentially out of the political loop.  All of this points to a continuation of the slaveholding status quo in the south.   And of course, if there was no slavery, then the war wouldn't be fought over it, but then again, it's unlikely the South would have seceded absent the desire to preserve that "curious institution."  So while somewhat interesting, I do not think, in any alternative history, wholly separate slavery from the Civil War equation--regardless of the personal motivations of the generals on the field.    UPDATE : Submitted to the   Beltway Traffic Jam