XRLQ has a   response  to my post   here  on HR 3133 and my disagreement with his seeming certainty that DOMA would survive a constitutional challenge.  XRLQ argues that my reading of the Art IV Sec 1 is incorrect insofar as it doesn't take into full account the second clause entitling Congress to prescibe the manner in which FFC shall be proved.    While I fully acknowledge that Congress has the right to determine the scope to which laws shall be given full faith and credit, I think the problem here is in the wording of DOMA.  **NOTE** I'm not arguing that DOMA is unconstitutional--the best argument for that, such as it is, is under the 14th Amendment.  I am rather arguing that, at least in California, DOMA is not applicable.  It's a slightly different argument, but not too far afield.  Re: the applicability of DOMA, XRLQ writes:   ...Congress’s power to regulate the manner and effect of proof of public acts appears to be plenary. Thus, to the extent that Chris II’s argument concerning California public policy is sound, it proves only that California’s public policy against gay marriage was too weak to survive a full faith and credit challenge if DOMA had never been enacted. It says nothing about the constitutionality of DOMA itself, or of any state law passed under its authority  I'm not sure I see the distinction between the CA policy exception to gay marriage where DOMA has been enacted vs where it has not.  DOMA is nothing more than than the statutory version of the public policy exception to the Full Faith and Credit clause specifically drawn up for gay marriage.  So while DOMA may not REQUIRE a state to recognize an out of state same sex marriage--that does not mean a court could still not find that the state's own legislation (in this case, Cal Fam Code 297.5) authorizes such recogniztion.   I think the sticking point at least in my CA example is the presence of 297.5--without that statute essentially eviscerating the disctintion between same-sex marriage and hetero marriage, I have no objection to DOMA preventing same sex marriage from being imposed on a state.  But in this case, a court interpreting both 308.5 and 297.5 would, I think, come to the conclusion that it is not requiring CA to recognize same-sex unions.  Rather, the deciding court is rather telling California what its policy is towards same-sex marriage in light of the two statutes.  Mind you, I don't think a court SHOULD do this, but nor do I think that a court COULDN'T do it.  So while Congress' power to make exception may be plenary, that does not mean that every exercise of that power is as broad as possible.