XRLQ has an   excellent post on HR 3133 , the Marriage Protection Act.  He argues that opponents of gay marriage should oppose the MPA because removing the federal courts from the equation would allow state courts to still impose gay marriage on their citizenry with no appeal.  I have to take issue with this statement though:   Suppose that 49 state courts agree with me on the constitutionality of DOMA, but one state court - say, the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts - does not.  Right now, that ruling would be swatted down on appeal , but if the MPA, the Supreme Court won’t have jurisdiction to hear the case, and the ruling will stand. Since the SJC has ruled under the federal constitution, and not just a tortured reading of its own constitution, the ruling will apply not only to Massachusetts residents, but to everyone else who can find a way to get his case into Massachusetts court.  I don't have as much confidence that a federal court on appeal would be so quick to hold DOMA constitutional. While XRLQ thinks the current Supreme Court would reverse say, a 9th circuit ruling that struck down DOMA, I am not so sure.    XRLQ points to the Full Faith and Credit clause of Art. IV to support his argument. However, suppose the case is brought in California challenging the constitutionality of DOMA by a Mass. couple. The Mass. couple points to their legal Massachusetts wedding and seeks recognition of it in CA.  CA points its   Family Code Section 308.5  functions as its own mini-DOMA and reads:   Only marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California.  And argues that their being required to recognize the legitimacy of the Massachusetts wedding is precluded by the presence of 308.5 as being against the strong public policy of the State. The Court, has recognized a limiting principle inherent in the Full Faith and Credit clause:   “The Full Faith and Credit Clause does not require a state to apply another state's law in violation of its own legitimate public policy.”   Nevada v. Hall , 440 U.S. at 421.  The problem here lies in whether 308.5 as representing the "public policy" of CA is superseded by   Cal. Family Code Section 297.5 .  This is CA's Domestic Partnership law and here's the rub:   (a)  Registered domestic partners shall have the same rights , protections, and benefits, and shall be subject to the same responsibilities, obligations, and duties under law, whether they derive from statutes, administrative regulations, court rules, government policies, common law, or any other provisions or sources of law,  as are granted to and imposed upon spouses .  Given that domestic partners are treated in the exact same way as are married individuals and that they enjoy all the same rights and privileges as do married individuals, and for purposes of CA law, are TREATED exactly the same as married individuals, it's not exactly clear cut that 308.5 represents the "strong public policy" of California.   I don't think it's out of the realm of possibility for a CA court to rule that 308.5 is superseded by 297.5 and that, insofar as the difference between domestic partnership and marriage in CA seems to be one of name only--that it no longer falls under the public policy exception to the Full Faith and Credit clause.  As such, the CA court would be required to recognize the Massachusetts marriage.  DOMA is a Congressional attempt to legislate the public policy exception to the FFC with respect to same sex marriages.  However, if CA treats gay domestic partnerships AS marriage, then DOMA is either not applicable or is superseded by the Supremacy Clause and the FFC.  I see this scenario as quite plausible and I think it would be far more unlikely for a Supreme Court as currently constituted to reverse such a ruling. (So really, DOMA wouldn't be held unconstitutional in my example, just not applicable).  Where I AGREE with XRLQ is in the smacking he gives   Josh Chafetz at Oxblog  for the latter's fairly creative reading of Art III.