For a good long while, one of the favorite whipping boys of the   anti-war left  was   Ahmed Chalabi .  And to an extent, not without reason.  Though he still has a handful of people that give him   qualified support , he sure isn't the centerpiece of the pro-war crowd that he once was (no more State of the Union boxseats for Ahmed).   The left took great glee in pointing up Chalabi as "evidence" of just how flawed the case for war was.  But in doing so, unbeknownst to all (esp.   Clueless John Kerry ), they also exposed themsevles to the same charges of using sources that might soon be...umm...compromised.   In the span of 2 weeks, we've seen the implosion of   Joe Wilson ,   Trousergate , and the release of the 9/11 report which thoroughly undercuts Richard Clarke's   twin claims  that there was no link between Al Qaeda and Iraq (  there    was ) and that the the Clinton Admin were anti-terror warriors while Bush & Co were nincompoops (  neither characterization is true ).  So now we have the 2 of the three biggest posterboys for the BUSH LIED!!! crowd having their central claims wholly blown out of the water such that Joe Wilson is   dodging interviews , and when he does show up it's with a   script firmly in hand  and   Richard Clarke is being....Richard Clarke .  Then there's   Berger .   Now, one could argue, I suppose, that Chalabi's claims were more damning since they led our country into war on arguably false information re: the extent of Saddam's weapons programs.  But think about this for a second--in light of all that has come out, we now know that (1) Saddam WAS seeking weaponizable uranium from Africa (Niger), (2) Iraq DID have extensive and fairly "friendly" contacts with Al Qaeda, and (3) the left either intentionally lied about this or were so willing to ignore these facts solely for the purpose of scoring a political victory.  That #3 is even plausible (neverminding the truth of it), disturbs me to no end.   Sorry, but whatever credibility problems Chalabi might have, they simply pale in comparison to a political movement that so willingly and brazenly places the national security of this country a distant second to scoring minor political points   with crap like this .   UPDATE : This post was inspired by   PoliBlog's  post on the three stooges. (Also submitted to the   Beltway Traffic Jam )