 Spoons  has a good trouncing of   Sullivan's latest incoherence . On HR 3133 (written about by me   here  and   here )&nbsp;he writes:   The bill that passed yesterday singles out gay citizens and denies them access to the federal courts to defend their civil rights. The arguments are so transparent. Does the Defense of Marriage Act violate the constitution? Then amend the constitution, the Republicans say. If you cannot amend the constitution, knee-cap the courts.  ***  If the Republicans can do this to exclude gays from access to the courts, why couldn't Democrats one day do it to prevent conservative Christians?  Neverminding the fact that Sullivan either has not READ HR 3133 or is being willfully ignorant of what it says--the law does NOT deny gays and lesbians access to the courts. It denies  federal  courts, over which Congress has power under Art. III Sec 2, the ability to exercise appellate jurisdiction to hear cases interpreting DOMA.   But Sullivan is so blatantly hypocritical here it's staggering--first he claims to be a proponent of federalism (or at least tries to chide National Review for NOT being such); but then he implies that DOMA is unconstitutional. If he had not lost his intellectual honesty long ago, he'd realize that passing HR 3133 would still allow the STATE courts to rule on the constitutionality of DOMA.   Ultimately, California could determine that DOMA was unconstitutional under the 14th amendment or the Commerce Clause or the Takings Clause or whatever. And there would be no recourse to the Federal Courts since their appellate JDX would be no more. And Sullivan's dead horse could be spared another beating.   But Sullivan doesn't trust the states enough to accept this. No, he NEEDS an activist federal bench to serve as a safety net lest his hollow calls for "federalism for me but not for thee" fail.   After all, if Sullivan were serious about protecting a state's right to decide the matter--he should be all for removing any chance that a federal judge could interfere with that decision. But that would require Sullivan be honest. Instead, Sullivan wraps himself in the veil of federalism all the while holding out hope that DOMA will be ruled unconstitutional by a federal court.   In short, Sullivan is a hack--and a dishonest one at that.