That's about the only conclusion one can reach after reading this absolutely incoherent article on HR 3313 titled--  House Votes to Curb Same-Sex Marriage .  Now I blogged about this bill   a week ago .  But heres how the AP reports it:   The House measure, also supported by the administration, offers a different approach. It would forbid federal judges from requiring one state to recognize a same-sex marriage licensed in another.  Wrong! You blithering sac of monkey dung. It would preclude federal courts from exercising appellate jurisdiction over DOMA.  The way the AP reports it, it sounds exactly like what DOMA does already.  Which is emphatically not the case.   As for the Constitutionality of the measure---eh, Art III, Section 2:   In all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, and those in which a state shall be party, the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all the other cases before mentioned, the Supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact,  with such exceptions, and under such regulations as the Congress shall make.    But here's what I love:   "This debate is about a national election," Rep. Jerrold Nadler, a New York Democrat, said in opposing the bill. "We are playing with fire with this bill, and that fire could destroy the nation we love."  "I rise in defense of the Constitution, in defense of the separation of powers," said House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, a Maryland Democrat. "What's next? No judicial review of laws that restrict freedom of speech or religion?"  Apparently Congress exercising one of its Constitutionally granted powers is somehow a threat to the Constitution. I can't even wrap my head around THAT one.   Now, if you want to argue that this bill is a bad idea POLITICALLY, fine.  That's a different debate though. But to argue that:   the bill would violate the equal protection clause by cutting off from federal judicial review a law affecting a specific minority.   That's just goofy.  So lemme get this straight--presuming that DOMA is itself constitutional and not violative of the Equal Protection clause, how could a law which, in line with Congressional authority, limits the federal courts' appellate jurisdiction over interpretations of that constitutional DOMA itself be violative of the 14th?  Don't those who argue that HR 3313 violates the EP clause paint themselves into the corner of saying that DOMA also violates EP? And if that's the case--why not just challenge DOMA directly?