Kevin at   RantMeARiver  has a lengthy post about a meeting he had with a former Marine helicopter pilot:   What he said that really stuck with me was that since World War II, American political leaders, not American warriors, have lacked the will to fight war the way it needed to be fought to minimize American casualties over the long term -- by winning the war. The 1991 Gulf War is the closest we've come, and even then, the C-in-C ("Poppy" Bush) left the job half-done. Every time he reads or hears about another two Marines or five "Grunts" bleeding out in Iraq as the result of another IED, it infuriates and saddens him.   Kevin also quotes Mark Bowden's   Black Hawk Down   on the importance of getting the other side to back down.  I've often thought this was a conceit of well-to-do Western societies that non-western societies can be either reasoned with or hurt JUST ENOUGH such that they'll realize the futility of future belligerence.  But this is ultimately just that, a conceit.  And a delusional one at that.  Societies generally don't enter war lightly.  They do so because they believe it is in their best interest and having made that decision--are generally reluctant to give up, especially at the first setback (i.e. American bombs).    You don't send your young men off to die without some belief that you'll get something out of it.  While an affluent West has far more to lose and can generally be expected to pull back lest things get too "hot"--underdeveloped countries, whose sole export is angry young men, will not be so easily dissuaded.  This is not to say such socities can't be defeated.  Far from it. People are, despite ample evidence suggesting otherwise, rational beings.   But to defeat such societies that have invested their entire outputs into conducting war, you must actually DEFEAT them.  This doesn't mean victory on the battlefield alone--it requires a different sort of "hearts and minds" where the offending society is defeated so completely, so thoroughly, that the very thought of reigniting hostilities brings down more scorn and derision from members of one's OWN society than anywhere else.  Humiliation can be a remarkably useful tool.  It may be harsh to say, but Sherman was completely correct when he vowed to make Georgia howl.  For that was the only way to divest a Southern Confederacy of the will to fight.  Did it breed resentment for decades afterwards? Undoubtedly, but the one thing it didn't breed was continued fighting--for people feared what the devil Sherman might do.   This was always my biggest complain about the Powell Doctrine.  Oftentimes, limited objectives only forestall a larger, more acrimonious conflict.  Since the defeated country now has a serious grievance with which to enrage scores of young angry men as to their claims "by right" of territory they were pushed out from.  Policymakers should not be so coy with using humiliation as a tool in warfare--since an enemy with a broken back is far less likely to be a problem than one with merely a black eye.