 Torerolaw  notes this   NYT story  where dozens of countries filed amicus briefs challenging the death sentence of a 17 year old Missouri male convicted of murder. Lest you think the offender is some waywayrd soul, from the article:   Christopher Simmons was 17 on Sept. 8, 1993, when he and a 15-year-old accomplice broke into a house in the St. Louis area to commit a burglary. The homeowner, Shirley Crook, recognized Mr. Simmons; by chance, she and Mr. Simmons had been involved in a car crash.  Prosecutors said Mr. Simmons bound, gagged and blindfolded Mrs. Crook, 46, with the help of the 15-year-old, drove her around in her minivan, and beat and retied her when she tried to break free. Mr. Simmons, now 27, pushed her off a railroad trestle to drown in a river.   Torerolaw notes that objections to Simmons' death sentence based solely on his age are missing the mark:   He was 17. How close to you have to be to 18 in order to know right and wrong. What if Simmons killed this woman the day before his 18th birthday? Is there really any mental, developmental, or maturity difference? Of course not. The age of 18 is just an arbitrary age in which the government says you're an adult. That is why, courts should decide whether to impose the death penalty for people under 18 case by case.   This is undoubtedly true--there's nothing inherently unique about turning 18 that imbues an individual with all the mental faculties of a 35 year old.  As such, to say that simply because Simmons was 17 at the time doesn't answer the question.  At 17, he could have been in as much control over his actions and as premeditating a dickhead as a Jeffrey Dahmer.  18 IS nothing more than an arbitrary line drawn by our society.  It serves as a STARTING point in determining culpability--not an end point.  We've chosen 18 as the age of majority because, for whatever reason, people under that age TEND to be immature and arguably less than culpable.  However, that this is the tendency of people under 18 doesn't make it the inviolable rule.  There will always be exceptions to such a determination.  On the other side though, what's the purpose of drawing such a line between majority/minority if it can be stepped over in certain cases?  The easiest response to this is that we're only doing it in cases of heinous crimes.  And once 14 yr olds are being held liable for contracts they enter, then there will be a problem.  Until then, determining culpability on a case-by-case basis seems the best approach.  Torero also worries about how effective these appeals from the "international community" will be on a Court that has already expressed a desire to follow at least SOME of the norms of such legal luminaries as Mexico and Belgium.    I second his worries.