 BoiFromTroy  has many problems with this   LA Times op-ed  which places journos well above bloggers on the informational foodchain. In particular, BFT disagrees with this statement:   However, bloggers, with few exceptions, don't add reporting to the personal views they post online, and they see journalism as bound by norms and standards that they reject. That encourages these common attributes of the blogosphere: vulgarity, scorching insults, bitter denunciations, one-sided arguments, erroneous assertions and the array of qualities that might be expected from a blustering know-it-all in a bar.     BFT argues that bloggers are often on top of stories long before the print media and that blogs are better able to draw on a variety of sources that the LAT can't do (such as another paper's reporting).  I think, though, that BFT misses the mark somewhat--Jones, the author of the piece, DOES acknowledge that there are exceptions to the general rule that bloggers don't add original reporting. I think this is largely true.  That most bloggers aren't getting the "scoops" doesn't mean that all bloggers lack original content.  After all, take a look at any collecting of links on a given blogroll--they will typically be of the same ideolgical stripe as the blog's proprietor, and typically all be talking about the same stories.  It's rare that a blogger has the resources or the contacts to ADD something to a given story.  Bloggers are there more to focus the debate and to serve as a check on the rhetorical excesses of the mainstream media.  But ultimately, they are parasitic on that media.  After all, if there weren't a New York Times or Maureen Dowd, would half of blogger-dom exist in its remotely current form? Nope. So insofar as Jones' basic thesis is that blogging is dependent on big media for its existence, I think that's basically correct.   Again, this is not to say that bloggers add nothing--quite the contrary; if the media is the "4th branch of gov't" then blogging is the "check and balance" on that branch.  Admittedly, it's got a long way to go--but it does have a role.  And a valuable one at that.  Now, the problem I have with Jones is that he places journalism on a very undeserved pedastal.  Since the '60s, the notion that journalism can be "objective" has gained so much momentum that editors and program managers go apopleptic when they are accused of having a bias or agenda.  I long for the days when you could reliably count on the local Democratic rag to denounce the greedy Republicans while the Republican rag would lay into the rapacious Democrats.  But with the rise of "respectable" journalism and one paper towns, you lost that competition and major cities like Los Angeles are left with the   Dog Trainer  and nothing else.  It'd be far healthier for the republic if journalists and their lobbyists (can YOU think of a better word?) would drop this veneer of objectivity and simply have at thee.  Since the bizarro kabuki dance of denial big media does when confronted with the painful evidence of its utter lack of objectivity is just painful to watch.  In other words, journalists and bloggers are two sides of the same coin.  Bloggers wear their agendas on their sleeves (or blogrolls). Journalists just tend to have larger rolodexes and expense accounts.