Via   Wizbang  comes the latest tale of the tape on the juggernaut that is Air America.  (more detailed analysis at   LeatherPenguin )  Ok, so I think it's fair to say the AA is something of a dead fish. This leads me to ponder something I've been a-ponderin' for some time.  The left has a tendency to create these organizations and outlets as reactions to perceived conservative dominance and they almost uniformly   r teh suck . Below is a list of some of the areas which the left has felt a need to imitate and their respective outlets for doing so...poorly.    Conservative    Talk    Radio  too dominant?  Let's start   Air America     Federalist Society  too powerful? Well, there's always the   American Constitution Society . (which has a   blog  apparently)    Heritage Foundation  and/or   CATO Institute  getting too much airtime? Then the   Center for American Progess  may be for you.    Media Research Center  giving you fits? There's always   Media Matters  or   FAIR .  Ok, here's the problem that these groups and their backers seem to not quite grasp--the reason conservatives have come to dominate these admittedly minor areas of the national media and dialogue is because they themselves were reactions to a mainstream establishment media that was giving short shrift to conservative views.    Does anyone think that if you had a paper with the influence of the NYT but with the editorial slant of say, the Washington Times or WSJ, that Rush would be as popular as he is? Not a chance.  Conservatives flocked to these sources because they COULDN'T get their opinions heard on the nightly news. The Federalist Society formed primarily because there was such a dearth of nominally "conservative" lawyers and professors in the upper echelons of the legal profession.  These groups will survive though--their backers will take sufficient pity upon them to keep them around in varying forms for years.  But will they ever be the central hubs for liberal thought that the Federailst Society is for lawyers or that talk radio is for a cure for the mainstream media? No--why? Because those appetites are more than satisfied elsewhere.  And in light of Air America's anemic ratings--one wonders why they keep trying.