Finished   Fields of Battle  late last night. Overall, I enjoyed the book.  Although the title is a little misleading--it really should be called "The Forts of North America" since the general theme of the book is attempts by the various powers (French in Canada, British Colonials, Southern Confederacy, US Army against the Plains Indians) to fortify their positions throughout the continent.  Keegan is clearly enamored with America and indeed, Americans.  The first 60 pages or so is a travelogue memoir of sorts where he recounts his first visit to America and his first experiences with them as a boy during WWII in London.  I think it's safe to say this isn't as rigorously a scholarly work as some of his earlier (or later) efforts--it's more of an extended love letter to the continent from a military historian.  This is evidenced by the lack of footnotes and bibliography.  That's not to say it's bad by any means. But this book is more "light history" than some of Keegan's earlier work.    That being said, I might actually prefer it when Keegan writes this way.  For my part, Keegan writes best when he isn't bogged down in "rivet counting" (something he's been accused of in the past) and just tells the story of the particular battle/conflict he's addressing.   He does that here with the Civil War (which focuses primarily on McClellan's Peninsular Campaign) and Custer's Last Stand.  These chapters really shine.  His chapters covering the Seven Years War between France and Britain, culminating in the taking of Quebec by Wolfe in 1759, and the American Revolution are a little harder to become invested in.  This might be a feature of my not being as knowledgable about those conflicts as I am about the Civil War--so I was unable to invest the names and units with the personalities that I can with the Civil War sections.  Nevertheless, Keegan does a fine job of noting how important the geography of America is in the continent's wars (though the War of 1812 is absent unfortunately).  Especially noteworthy is the overlap between the battles of the American Revolution in Virginia with the Peninsular Campaign of the Civil War.  So often did the fortifications and strategic hubs of one war resume their military importance in the next.   While there are some factual errors (such as having Albert Sidney Johnston order a retreat on the 2nd day of Shiloh--even though he was killed on the first day)--they are minor, or I'm just too dumb to notice them.  All in all, I enjoyed the book and Keegan's affinity for America is readily apparent (as is his fairly strong rejection of the "sympathetic" view of the Plains Indians--they WERE quite brutal).  While not comprehensive in any sense for any of the conflicts presented, it is an interesting and engaging book.  Up next? More   Richard Sharpe .