Got a random IM tonight from someone whose profile read "Che is God"--needless to say I felt compelled to engage:  &nbsp;     iseecharly: so what is your political stand point at the time bug chris  iseecharly: big*   CXCross : Put it this way: I have a shirt that reads "Anti-Che"  iseecharly: i love che   CXCross : I noticed  iseecharly: what did he do wrong   CXCross : Other than be a rather brutal, murderous dickwad that helped usher into Cuba and Latin America oppressive gov'ts? Nothing.   CXCross : All in pusuit of the most murderous ideology in human history, nothing, he's a heckuva guy...  iseecharly: ok ok so your saying that batista was a good not opressive leader then   CXCross : No, batista wasn't good. But Castro et al was worse  iseecharly: hmm how is this so  iseecharly: he is bad but butista ooooooo   CXCross : For one, Cuba's rate of development and economy was on par with Spain, Italy and other European countries prior to Castro--they were an economy in ascendance.&nbsp; They are a stagnant and politcally repressive one now   CXCross : politically*  iseecharly: do to the embargo act that america placed on cuba   CXCross : The entire world is free to trade with Cuba   CXCross : except the US.  iseecharly: no   CXCross : Yes.   CXCross : Every other country in the world can freely trade with Cuba if it so chooses.   CXCross : The problems facing Cuba are not the result of the embargo--they are the result of an unfree, totalitarian society that cannot accept political dissent in any form.  iseecharly: the alies of the us cant traid with cuba becouse the su would accuse them of being communist or simpothisors   CXCross : So? We'd still trade with themCXCross: We can't afford to not trade with China for example  iseecharly: its true   CXCross : So despite China being Communist and oppressive, we must trade with them   CXCross : We still trade with Canada, which freely trades with Cuba and allows flights into Havana  iseecharly: yes that is true   CXCross : Canada is in fact our largest trading partner...despite their stance towards Cuba   CXCross : so that argument doesn't work   CXCross : So you can't blame the embargo  iseecharly: i guess i cant  iseecharly: mm this convorsation i like   CXCross : how old are you?  iseecharly: i am but a 17 year old   CXCross : Why do so many your age love Che?   CXCross : Is it a suburban thing?  iseecharly: i think its his ideals on revolution and the anti-imperialistic views on capitalism   CXCross : Does his role in the deaths of thousands ever factor in?   CXCross : Does the fact that communism has killed more than Nazism ever factor in?  iseecharly: hmmm it was for a couse  iseecharly: but so has cappital ism   CXCross : Ummm...no. Communism wins that race, hands down.  iseecharly: nvm  iseecharly: yes that is   CXCross : Stalin's Great Terror, China "Great Leap Forward", Cambodia's Khmer Rouge, etc  iseecharly: thats do to bad leader ship and madmen   CXCross : Has there been a Communistic society that HASN'T killed tens of thousands?   CXCross : ever?  iseecharly: im not sure   CXCross : The answer is no.  iseecharly: kelodcov  iseecharly: but he did kill  iseecharly: im not in leage it communism and i dont think it would work  iseecharly: but cappitalism is full of greed and corruption   CXCross : humanity is full of greed and corruption  iseecharly: i find that i perfer social democrasy over all  iseecharly: like cannada   CXCross : Canada is still capitalist  iseecharly: no socialist  iseecharly: its social democratic   CXCross : No, capitalist. They just spend proportionally more on social spending than the US  iseecharly: so it norway   CXCross : but they are still a free market system for the most part  iseecharly: yes  iseecharly: i depart for now but i shall return later &nbsp;