INSTAHATRED AND WHY BLOG WHY?     Pejman  has an excellent post on the tendency of left-leaning bloggers to be filled with oodles of animosity for   Senor Reynolds .  Now, the gist of many of the comments to Pejman's post seems to be that Reynolds doesn't really respond to criticism or correct his mistakes as often as he should. Which raises an interesting question:   What is the purpose/power of a blog?   I guess for most it's just a place to rant and rave a lil bit and commit some small portion of our thoughts and ideas to text so that when we're old(er) and gray(er), we can look back and say "Look, grandpa had  passion , damn it!" It's our tiny little slice of immortality and/or our attempt to write the Great American Novel, one pithy linked post at a time.   Now, what seems lost on most of those so critical of Reynolds as a "right wing hack" is that Instapundit isn't a giant, bureacratized institution prone to indifference and stagnation.  It's a guy. One guy. One guy with a PC and an internet connection. Yes he's the most popular blogger, but jesus, IT'S A BLOG. 90% of the country doesn't know what the hell a blog is let alone who the biggest fish in this exceptionally small pond is.  But all that aside, suppose blogs really DO have an inordinate amount of influence over "Big Media" such that  uberbloggers  like Reynolds can influence the news cycle?  So what?   First off, the power of a blog is only as strong as what it links too.  Without regular journalism to link to, blogs would be deader than dirt.  Blogs don't make news, they react to it. They're 500,000 mini op-ed pages all clamoring to be read and (generally) taken seriously.  Without their Energon of regular news stories to sustain them, the blogging   Autobots  and   Decepticons  would be nothing more than a bunch of internet cranks.   So what form should a blog take?  I see three paths: (1) Primarily linking, little commentary. (most news clearinghouse sites--  Lucianne  comes to mind) (2) Primiarily commentary, few links--or links so embedded in the commentary that you have to slog through "Dissertation #45" to get to it--this approach is dangerously close to cranker-Ville (3) Fair balance of links and commentary.  I think Reynolds falls into this third category. He opines at some length on some topics, but not most. As such, people who don't really feel like reading a full, article length post ABOUT a news article can get, with a fair amount of consistency, links to topics they find interesting with quick comments as to why Reynolds thinks they are interesting.   Personally, the most appealing sites to me are these "balanced" sites. I don't want to read drawn out posts (like this one). I want links to interesting articles that either support or challenge my beliefs. But since I'm impatient, I want to know,  briefly , whether I should bother reading the damn thing.   Which is why Instapundit is so darn popular and I am, as yet, not.