Via   Right Side of the Rainbow &nbsp;comes this story of the House Cmte on the Judiciary approving   HR 3313 , which would seek to strip all federal courts of the power to interpret DOMA as well as preclude the Supreme Court from exercising appellate jurisdiction over such as case.&nbsp; The bill reads:      Sec. 1632. Limitation on jurisdiction    `No court created by Act of Congress shall have any jurisdiction, and the Supreme Court shall have no appellate jurisdiction, to hear or determine any question pertaining to the interpretation of section 1738c of this title or of this section. Neither the Supreme Court nor any court created by Act of Congress shall have any appellate jurisdiction to hear or determine any question pertaining to the interpretation of section 7 of title 1.'.     Article III, Sec 1  permits the Congress to ordain and establish Courts inferior to the Supreme Court (I.E. Circuit and District courts).   Article III Sec 2 &nbsp;defines the scope of judicial power:      The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their authority;--to all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls;--to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction;--to controversies to which the United States shall be a party;--to controversies between two or more states;--    between a state and citizens of another state   ;--between citizens of different states;--between citizens of the same state claiming lands under grants of different states, and between a state, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens or subjects.    The Court has original JDX:&nbsp;    In all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls, and those in which a state shall be party, the Supreme Court shall have original jurisdiction. In all the other cases before mentioned, the Supreme Court shall have appellate jurisdiction, both as to law and fact, with such exceptions, and under such regulations as the Congress shall make.  Ok, can Congress do this? My sense is yeah.&nbsp; The Founding Fathers were concerned that an overpowerful judiciary might impede upon the power of state courts--so, as with every other branch, they sharply limited the powers that particular branch had.&nbsp; Nevertheless, there needed to be a court that could serve as a neutral arbiter between states or citizens of states and to resolve questions of federal law.  &nbsp;  The Congress can limit the appellate JDX of the Court under the enumerated cases or controversies listed above.&nbsp; The cases where the Court has original JDX are, obviously, not subject to limitation.&nbsp; Everything else though, is fair game for Congress to expand or contract.&nbsp; This includes "federal questions" where the interpretation of a federal statute is at issue.&nbsp;  &nbsp;  In short, the Congress CAN decide to deny the federal courts (incl. the Supreme Court) the jurisdiction to hear a particular case arising under federal law. As they have done here.&nbsp; DOMA is federal law.&nbsp; Any cases challenging it are necessarily involve questions of federal law.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The power to so limit the federal courts' appellate JDX is one of the "exceptions...as the Congress shall make."  &nbsp;  But here's a wrinkle--the law has no power over STATE courts.&nbsp; Suppose a state court (California for example) rules that DOMA is inconsistent with the CA Constitution or some other sort of ruling that seeks to invalidate DOMA.&nbsp; Under this new law, NO federal court would have the power to challenge that ruling--since the aggrieved party would have no recourse into federal court.&nbsp; Indeed, the case could not be removed to ANY federal court for the same reason.  &nbsp;  Assuming then, that this proposed law is constitutional, does it have a chance in hell of getting out of the Senate Judiciary Cmte? Nope.&nbsp; Does it have a chance in hell of passing the Senate? Nope.&nbsp; But it's a fun law nonetheless.