I write long emails--or at least I do when I get into discussions with fellow law school students.  Today one (very liberal fellow) asked:   How do you win the war on terror? Is it simply a war of attrition?     I'm reprinting my response here since well, it makes me look productive:   First though, the war is misnamed.  Terrorism is a tactic.  But because he was being political, Bush called it a war on terror so as not to offend some Muslims.  That being said--you win the war on terror by denying the efficacy of terrorism as a tactic.  Here, Islamic terrorists think terrorism is effective because of their belief that Western states are decadent and weak countries that will cave when attacked.  That they were proven right in Spain only reinforced this notion.  Short version: They hit you, you hit back 5 times as hard. Anything less conveys weakness and encourages more attacks. The only way to defeat terrorism (esp. of the suicide variety) is to deny any incentive or reasonable chance of success from it.  Terrorism is used because they believe it succeeds. Deny them that success and you will find far fewer individuals willing to go splodey-dope for anybody.  With specific regard to Islamic radicalism, some will argue that their adherence to the notion of martyrdom makes combating them even more difficult (if not impossible).  Horsepoop.    Suicide attacks are not new--they were used by Japan in Okinawa--and after the initial shock that the Japanese would do such a thing--the Americans got down to the dirty business of killing the Kamikazes before they could do significant damage.  Eventually it became rather difficult for Japan to find enough "volunteers" for these missions since their military efficacy was so dubious.  Similarly, by making it absolutely, painfully, even bloodily clear that terrorism will NOT work and will be met by an overwhelming response--you deny terrorists the very incentive by which to engage in such attacks--their mistaken belief that it works.  As for Islam, the gloss about dying for Allah is a powerful notion--but it is ultimately just a gloss--a selling point used to get ignorant, illiterate, and downright wretched young men and women to do something no rational person would otherwise do.  But even with the promise of 72 virgins (or raisins depending on your translation), there still needs to be a belief that blowing yourself up for Allah will have some effect ON THE GROUND.  If it doesn't have any effect, then people will find a new tactic.  That's the thumbnail version. My blog is rapidly becoming just a dumping ground for my emails.