Boston Globe--  Veteran retracts criticism of Kerry .    But yesterday, a key figure in the anti-Kerry campaign, Kerry's former commanding officer, backed off one of the key contentions. Lieutenant Commander George Elliott said in an interview that he had made a ''terrible mistake" in signing an affidavit that suggests Kerry did not deserve the Silver Star -- one of the main allegations in the book. The affidavit was given to The Boston Globe by the anti-Kerry group to justify assertions in their ad and book.  ***  Yesterday, reached at his home, Elliott said he regretted signing the affidavit and said he still thinks Kerry deserved the Silver Star.  ''I still don't think he shot the guy in the back," Elliott said. ''It was a terrible mistake probably for me to sign the affidavit with those words. I'm the one in trouble here."  Elliott said he was no under personal or political pressure to sign the statement, but he did feel ''time pressure" from those involved in the book. ''That's no excuse," Elliott said. ''I knew it was wrong . . . In a hurry I signed it and faxed it back. That was a mistake."  That isn't the end of the story since Elliott later in the article says:     Elliott, in the interview yesterday, said that based on the affidavits of the veterans on other boats, he now thinks his [positive] assessment about the Bronze Star and third Purple Heart may have been based on poor information.  ***  But he said: ''I simply have no reason for these guys to be lying, and if they are lying in concert, it is one hell of a conspiracy. So, on the basis of all of the information that has come out, I have chosen to believe the other men. I absolutely do not know first hand."  Couple thoughts:  the retraction of the Silver Star charge is obviously not helpful to the Swiftees--but while Elliott may reconsider his opinion--as yet none of the others have.  And that is, to a large extent, what this debate is--a difference of opinion re: the "quality" of Kerry's record.  In Elliott's mind, Kerry's conduct warranted a Silver Star--in the Swiftees' view, it did not.   Now, combine that with the fact that Elliott still harbors doubts about Kerry's Bronze Star and third Purple Heart and it's not clear that this will seriously undercut the Swiftees.  But as I said, it certainly doesn't HELP.  But of course, a lot of this is dependent upon what the book says--if the book has additional evidence regarding the Silver Star; then that could mitigate.  If not, it won't.     UPDATE :  Via   Drudge  comes this press release from the Swiftees   saying Elliott stands by his earlier claims :   The following statement from Swift Boat Veterans for Truth is in response to an article appearing in the morning edition of the Boston Globe (“Veteran Retracts Criticism of Kerry”) which implies that one Vietnam Veteran wishes to retract an affidavit he signed regarding John Kerry’s actions during and after Kerry’s time in Vietnam. The signed affidavit can be seen below.   "Captain George Elliott describes an article appearing in today’s edition of the Boston Globe by Mike Kranish as extremely inaccurate and highly misstating his actual views. He reaffirms his statement in the current advertisement paid for by the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth, Captain Elliott reaffirms his affidavit [see below] in support of that advertisement, and he reaffirms his request that the ad be played.   Doesn't look like this is over yet.   UPDATE 2 :    Human Events Online  has a second affidavit, dated today and signed by George Elliott, it reads:   "Had I known the facts, I would not have recommended Kerry for the Silver Star for simply pursuing and dispatching a single, wounded, fleeing Viet Cong"  Well, ok then.