Not to take his bounceless convention lightly, Kerry has decided to throw some serious read meat to the crazies   by pulling a Michael Moore :   “Had I been reading to children and had my top aide whisper in my ear that America is under attack, I would have told those kids very nicely and politely that the president of the United States has something that he needs to attend to,” Kerry said.   I was recently in a VERY long email discussion with some folks from my law school on this topic (their well-reasoned dicourse contended that Bush was "a pussy" and should have stood out in the open in DC following learning of the attacks)--I'm going to reprint my response in that email--which effectively rebuts the Kerry charge as well (much of this is taken from the 9/11 Report pp 24-30):     AA 11 hit the first tower at 8:43:40 am.  The second plane (UA 175) hit at 9:03:11.  Moore accuses Bush of inaction in the seven minutes following being told by Andy Card that a second plane had struck the WTC and that we were under attack.    The implication by Moore is that Bush could have done something in those seven minutes to prevent either AA 77 or UA 93 from crashing into the Pentagon and Pennsylvania field, respectively.  What that is, Moore obviously doesn't say, since that would require coherence.  Though it should be noted that Lee Hamilton (D), vice chair of the 9/11 Comm'n said that in his opinion: "Bush made the right decision in remaining calm, in not rushing out of the classroom."  With specific regards to AA 77, I refer to pp 24-27 of the Comm'n report (from which I will paraphrase greatly) and if you can find me anything within between 9:03 and 9:10 that could have been done with regards to AA 77 or UA 93, I'm all ears.    It should be noted that it was not until approximately 9:25 that the FAA headquarters deduced that AA 77 was lost and likely hijacked.  At 9:25, the FAA ordered a "nationwide ground stop".  However, AA 77 was still incommunicado and off radar during this time.  It was at 9:32 that Dulles controllers were able to "[observe] a primary radar target tracking eastbound at a high rate of speed"--though the aircraft's identity or type was unknown.  Reagan National had an unarmed Nat'l Guard C-130H, just having taken off, to ID and follow the craft.  At 9:38, AA 77 crashed into the Pentagon.  On the military side; NEADS (North Eastern Air Defense Sector) heard nothing re: AA 77--their initial report at 9:21 from the FAA centered on AA 11--which had already crashed by that point.  However, the communication between the two mentioned a "third aircraft" that NEADS thought was AA 11.  At 9:24, the order to scramble fighters from Langley, VA was processed. By 9:30, they were airborne.  The fighters were positioned between New York and Wash DC to attempt to intercept AA 11 (which was mistakenly believed to still be airborne and headed towards DC)  The military first learned on AA 77 at 9:34 via a chance comment by the FAA's Washington Center. To quote the comm'n: "No one at FAA headquarters ever asked for military assistance with American 77."  At 9:36, FAA Boston called NEADS to tell them about the unidentified aircraft closing in on Washington.  The fighters, due to a myriad of doctrinal and logistical reasons, had not been heading north, but east. When AA 77 hit the Pentagon at 9:37:46, the Langley fighters were 150 miles away.  With respect to UA 93, contact with that craft was severed at 9:27.  By 9:34, word of the hijacking reached FAA HQ.  At 9:36, FAA Cleveland contacted the Command Center at Herndon and notified them of the situation, including asking whether to ask to request the military launch fighter aircraft to intercept.  CC at Herndon said that FAA personnel above them had to make that decision and were working on it.  At 9:42, Herndon learned that AA 77 had struck the Pentagon.  It was not until 9:53 that FAA HQ informed Herndon that the deputy director for air traffic svcs was inquiring about scrambling aircraft.  UA 93 crashed at 10:03:11  On the military side, NEADS didn't rec'v a communication about UA 93 until 10:07--four minutes after the crash; then unbeknownst to NEADS.    Again, if you can point to ANYTHING Bush could have done during those 7 minutes, please let me know.  If your argument amounts to nothing more than he should have done SOMETHING--please sit down and let the serious people talk. That's what I said then (7/30), and I'm sayin' it again now. (Cross linked to   Poliblog )