Well, the   Swift Vets ad  is all the rage right now.  And now   John McCain is condemning the ads  --but more importantly, asking that Bush follow suit.    The White House and Bush-Cheney campaign did not address McCain's call that they repudiate the spot, though a Bush spokesman said the campaign does not question Kerry's highly decorated war service. McCain is co-chair of Bush's campaign in Arizona.    McCain also complained:   "It was the same kind of deal that was pulled on me," McCain said in an interview with The Associated Press, referring to his bitter Republican primary fight with President Bush.    But then one reads:   The ad, scheduled to air in a few markets in Ohio, West Virginia and Wisconsin, was produced by Stevens, Reed, Curcio and Potham,  the same team that produced McCain's ads in 2000 .   Maybe John meant it was the same kind of stuff pulled on BEHALF of him? Kidding. (emphasis mine)  But seriously, should Bush disavow this ad and the men who made it?  Or does he risk pulling a Wes Clark when Clark didn't repudiate Michael Moore who alleged Bush was AWOL and Clark then saw his poll numbers drop like a stone?    I think the campaign has it right--they will not themselves make an issue of his service (out of sight, out of mind) and will assume it was honorable.  But if any people closer to the action want to speak up--that is their right.  Now, why is this ad so much more damaging than those goofy MoveOn.org ads that compare Bush/Cheney/Rumsfeld/Wolfowitz to Hitler ("We are all Hitler Now"?)  This ad is so much more harmful because (A) it intros with Edwards essentially challenging people to ask those who served with John Kerry if you want to know about the man.  Well they did. And that's (B), all decorated individuals (and a LOT of em--14 separate people by my count) and (C) they don't pussyfoot around--they flat out call him a liar.  That's heavy stuff.    The MoveOn ads, on the other hand, just used a red filter and super-imposed a picture of Hitler over Bush.  Fun imagery, bad political ad.  Had they shown people saying "Bush ordered me into the gas chamber himself!"--better ad.  But back to the point--should Bush repudiate? No.  Kerry has made his Vietnam service the cornerstone of why he should be Commander in Chief.  Had it been but ONE aspect of his record that he played up, then the ad might be going too far.  But no, Kerry has avoided his Senate record and you'd have a hard time knowing he was even IN the Senate if you watched the DNC.    Their campaign strategy was that Kerry=Vietnam; and they assumed that Vietnam was inviolate.  They were wrong. Bush shouldn't applaud the ad--nor should he repudiate it though.