The Office   I am realizing that this forum is partially about silencing the voices in my head, and partially about maintaining an account of my first office life, which actually began almost exactly 2 years ago, but I can now articulate the initial observations here.  I moved from a small office (of about 8 people) to a significantly larger office (40 people).  The beauty of the small office, was its familial atmosphere; if I was struggling with a deadline, I could easily pass off work to my colleagues for help.  The small size also meant that we were more integrated in each other's personal lives, which translated to:  having something to talk about besides work .    There's the rub of a large office.  There are people on this floor that I only interact with on a professional level.  Only to ask "Did you see this report?" or "Are we budgeted for that?".  But....even though it's plain that we have  nothing  other then work to talk about, it doesn't disuade these people from trying to have a pseudo-personal conversation.  Which leads to situations like this:   I get on the elevator with a faceless colleague   Me:  Hey. Him: So....how do you like working here? Me:  Oh well, it's great.  I like being downtown.  It's a shorter commute. Him: Yeah.  The commute is great. Me:  Yeah. Him: Yeah. Me:  So how's your commute? Him: Oh, pretty good.  I take the train in from out of town.  It's nice.  'Bout an hour. Me:  Nice. Him: Yeah.  See?  Nothing to talk about.  I've worked here for about 6 months, and people are still asking me if I "like it better here".  I thought for a while it was me, being the new guy and all.  Turns out it's just a weird symptom of working with people from different backgrounds.    I know two people on this floor who only talk about beer.  New beers they've tried, old beers they have tried, imported beers they want to try.  That's it: Beer.  It's a knee-jerk response they have to each other, and if they catch each other in the hallway one will always start out with "I tried a Belgian double bock at the Biergarden that I think you'd like".  The old standards are there too: Golf.  Golf swing.  Golf score.  Hockey.  Baseball.  I've noticed that it's only men that seem to have this problem.  Women seem prone to chatting about whatever comes up, but guys are genuinely uncomfortable in off the cuff conversations.  If we, as office drones, are resigned to talk about inane, superficial topics that require no emotional investment, then at least we should be creative about the topics.  No more "Did you catch last night's episode of 'Popular Reality Show'?" or "Wow, that weather outside is something else huh?".  We should start conversations like:  "Did you happen to see the architecture of this building?  Kinda Neo-Classical don't you think?" "I saw a dog outside.  It was small." "I like bright lights.  It makes me feel like I am awake"  Or I could just get fired.