In which the author, eventually, makes a shocking admission   If you live or travel by the lake you've probably seen the gigantic wind turbine that was installed on the CNE grounds as a "demonstration project".  The new federal NDP leader was instrumental in lobbying to have that turbine installed, and now you can   own some of the power that is produced by it .  Plus, if you're like me and you like cool stuff to put on your desk at work, you may want to enter their contest to win a model Wind Turbine.  I hope it'll fit on my desk.  It will look nice beside my   Falcon Waterfree Technologies  model urinal, which I scored at a Public Works Tradeshow in the winter.  If you've never listened to "   This American Life", you're missing out.  There are a number of programs produced by the CBC which are similar (pointless documentary features), but This American Life is somehow unique.  Last week's episode was a repeat, but one of their better ones: A live show called "  Music Lessons ".    Each week the producers choose a topic and 3 or 4 contributers submit audio interviews or monologues, to fill out the hour.  Sometimes an entire hour is devoted to a single story.  As much as I play up a general distaste for America and it's current state of drift, I do have a soft spot for a certain aspect of the country.  I think Americans have enshrined "small town life" better then Canadians have.  We all joke about growing up in a small town (some smaller then others), and regale each other with tales of hicks, and white trash, and church, and daily hour long rides on a school bus through the concession roads of the county.  But the Yanks have distilled the experience into very attractive, soul seducing, ways.      Garrison Keillor ways .      Norman Rockwell ways .      Aaron Copeland ways .  It's a universal experience, and even if you grew up in a harsh urban environment, there's still an invitation to claim "small town roots" through summer camps, or fishing trips, or visiting relatives in the country.  Even failing all of those things, the experience is still available vicariously through the culture of Anytown USA.  Canadians have the same small town love, framed in authors like W.O. Mitchell or Farley Mowat, but it doesn't seem to be as universal as the Yanks.  As though small town life in Nova Scotia is  vastly  different from small town life in Alberta.  As though we can't speak on the same level because one set of stories must include the Cod harvest, and another set is balanced  on wheat farming.  I think part of the appeal of the Anytown USA version is the universal nostalgia.  Canadians seem to have difficulty accepting nationally universal traits, and that may be a part of the lack of a country-wide discourse on our common past.  I don't like feeling part of the American version of small town life, but it's the only place I can get the fix I need.