Another Canuck Makes Good   Specifically: Another Canuck Makes a new Word that is then incorporated into Webster's Dictionary 10 years later.    "McJob" is among the new words that are included in the new   11th edition  of the Webster's Dictionary.  Douglas Coupland coined the term in his novel  Generation-X .  This is actually my second Douglas Coupland reference in 4 days, what with my use of the term "veal fattening pen".  If you've actually read  Generation-X  you shouldn't be surprised that Coupland's resume includes both "author" and "coiner-of-terms".  He spends most of the space in the book creating faux-terms that either, he used among his circle of friends, or terms that he hoped would become incorporated into the lexicon.  Quite a few of them did.  Including "Generation-X" I believe.  What story about the new edition of a dictionary would be complete without the following statement: "It is a reflection of society's changes".  Well, no schitt Sherlock.  A boring child, I used to listen to the CBC whilst delivering the Hamilton Spectator in   Millgrove  Ontario.  Every year Arthur Black (of "Basic Black") would devote 30 minutes of his radio show to the new words that were going to be incorporated into either the Oxford Standard, or the Merriam-Webster dictionaries.  Every year he would read out the list as though it were a comedy routine: E-mail.  CD-ROM.  Web Browser.  Generation X.  Prozac.    He and a small panel of English-major types would laugh and laugh as the words were read out, and he would obligingly ask rhetorical questions like "Now why would 'Homies' be included in the dictionary.  It's a colloquial urban term for "close friends", is it even a word?" and every year the representative from the dictionary would say "Well Arthur these new words are a reflection of society's changes".  After the segment, a contest would be introduced where Canada's curmudgeons would be invited to phone in and either suggest new words for the dictionary, or suggest words to be banned from the English language.  New words would be delightfully banal,   Sniglet -grade suggestions like "Mallmanac - The board in a shopping mall that tells you the location of all the stores".  Words to be banned, would include new words that old people didn't use or find any value in, like the overuse of the word "like".  This would be accompanied by a rant about how young people don't appreciate language and use words out of their intended meaning (See numerous 'Cosby Show' references including "Bad = Good").