The dwindling of memory   No melting clocks here.  Just a simple statement:  I can't remember doing laundry in first year university.  Seriously.  I know I didn't bring it home with me, because I didn't go home all that often.  I know I  did  laundry because I managed to find a girlfriend who's opted to stay with me for 6 years now.  I just can't recall a time when I did laundry.  I can't recall packing my laundry up in order to take it somewhere to wash.  I remember that I had a big canvas bag that I stuffed all my dirty clothes in, and I remember that I had a box of laundry detergent in the cupboard under my bed.  I remember the layout of the building that I lived in, and I am sure there was no washing machine on the floor.  I remember putting clean, folded laundry back into my drawers.  I remember there was a combination for the laundry room lock that was posted on our common room bulletin board, and that we were encouraged to keep it secret from others; But I can't remember ever entering that combination on a door, or even the door that may have lead to the laundry room that I can't remember.      The most troubling part of all of this isn't that I am slowly loosing my memory; I figure that is just part of life.  My brother and I joke about becoming more and more like our father every day, and that our respective girlfriends are learning to adapt by answering our puzzled looks with "You met him two months ago at a party" or "We're here to get scotch tape so you can wrap your mother's birthday present".    No, the most troubling thought is: "what if there was a whole system of leave-your-laundry-outside-your-door-and-someone-will-wash-and-return-it-the-next-morning". What if I had once lived in a building with such a luxurious privilege and I can't recall it now? What if there were eunuchs or elves, that went from room to room secretly gathering up student's clothes in the night and taking them to a river to wash and beat them against alabaster stones? What if I had had a midnight fling in the laundry room, and now can't recall it because I can't remember the room itself? What if I can't remember winning a servant in a poker match who would go on to make my coffee and wash my clothes for 8 months?  These are the kinds of questions that will haunt a man.