The List   Here's the full list of 28 registered   candidates for Mayor .  And here is the list of 13 candidates that have websites (that's 46% by the way):    Don Andrews  - Click on "Media Centre" then on Ernst Zuindel -Globe and Mail.  There you will find this letter to the editor written by Don Andrews, Registered Candidate For Mayor, 2003 Toronto Municipal Elections:   Regarding your article in today's Globe, ""The Wives and Marriages of > Chameleon Ernst Zundel":  Could you explain the use of the word 'chameleon' in your title, as it doesn't seem to fit at all a man described as 'steadfast', energetic and 'a man who can dig in his heels'.     Gary Benner  - Because what you really want, is a long flash intro to your Municipal election platform.  On the issues, Benner supports an incinerator to handle Toronto's waste    Jaime Castillo  - Favours a more diverse City Hall.  Nice site, but I'm not sure what Calde Cast is.  Perhaps if City Hall had a higher degree of multiculturalism, I would know.    Barbara Hall  - You know her and love her.  And while it is maddeningly slow to listen to her, she does have a lot of content on her site.    John Jahshan  - Thinks he is running for Provincial or Federal office.  Check out his "issues" page: Health Care, Education....  He does have the very Orwellean quote: Facts-Not Phrases Solutions-Not Slogans Reason-Not Rhetoric     Tom Jakobek  - Check out the site to see Tom talking to a homeless man.    Paul Lewin  - This guy totally stole my domain name idea.  Mr. Lewin has extensively researched reasons why it is legal for Toronto to become a   seperate province .    David Miller  - For a man who has lots to say in Council and in front of cameras, he has a lousy Mayoral candidacy site.    John Nunziata  - Nunziata has a great site.  And there's plenty of pictures of him all sweaty after running 10K.  He favours a strong connection to the federal, and provincial governments.  Check out his site to learn about his "Group of 89" suggestion.    Simon Shaw  - Has one of the most distrubing candidate-posing-with-child pictures I have ever seen.  He does favour stronger methods of child protection from predators.    Luis Silva  - Is the man with the plan.  His opening remarks make his candidacy sound more like he's trying to win a bet: "What possessed me to run as mayor?" some people have asked me. Well, like most individuals, I criticize government. I have studied the issues that affect Toronto, and I have solutions to address those social problems that continue to plague our city. However, unlike most people, I decided to put my money where my mouth is and run for public office. After all, it's a free country, and I'm free to run for elected office like any other candidate.     John Tory  - I think Tory has a great site.  I'm not sure why I would want to donate to his campaign though.      Mehmet Yagiz  - Counts among his goals: - Increase public trust in the city administration. - Place missing street names and road signs. - Establish brotherhoods with other cities around the world. - Make the new gas stations not so close to the buildings and houses.