Jakobek on the Issues   Folks, it's become pretty clear that I work in the municpal service delivery business.  To be specific, I work in the Garbage collection service delivery business.  One issue I've touched on before, is "Garbage Collection as a metaphor for Municipal Service".  Every grievance that someone has with public service comes back to garbage collection.  I've seen it as a metaphor for social decline, over taxation, under taxation, and civic apathy at both City Hall, and in your next door neighbour's house.    Tom Jakobek knows what lurks in the hearts of men.  Here's a block from Jakobek's speach to a "throng of supporters":  Service Delivery   We also need to re-invent how we deliver services to our citizens.  I'll give you one example - garbage collection. Some on Council believe we should simply privatize the operations. Others talk about reducing the garbage we have. Both sides have excellent points, but neither solves the systemic problems and additional costs associated with old methodologies and poor management.  Every week I put out my Blue Box, Grey Box, yard waste, and regular garbage. In some places, the city has added the "Green Torpedo". The result? Once a week, two, three or even four separate rear-end loaders, each with a crew of two, travel the same streets to the same houses. Talk about waste! That isn't efficient or sustainable.   When I become Mayor I will advocate for a single garbage pick up and central sorting plants. That will maximize our recycling, and thereby minimize the amount of garbage we produce.   This is integral to the health and future of our city, and I intend to make sure we do it right. It will also create jobs, rather than shipping money and our garbage south to Michigan.   We need to re-design our system, regardless of who picks up the garbage, and get rid of our antiquated system of collection.   I honestly have no idea what he is suggesting we do.    He would like a "single garbage pick up and central sorting plants"  I don't know what that means.  Is he suggesting we put all of the products into one vehicle and then sort it out later?  Is he suggesting that we buy a fleet of trucks that have 4 or 5 compartments in them to keep the recyclables seperate from the garbage?  I had to read this paragraph over 3 times looking for what his suggestion for improvement was.  It's not only unclear what a "single garbage pick up and central sorting plants" are, but also unclear how this suggestion would result in maximized recycling.  I'm sure glad he's running for mayor and not me.  I don't even speak the language.