Today at City Hall   If you were planning on stopping by Toronto City Hall today, or even Nathan Phillips Square for that matter, change your plans.  Now.  It is, as I found out when I went for a leisurely stroll at lunch, seniors day at City Hall.  There's 1500 geriatrics down there moving park benches into the shade, and complaining that the healthcare system that they gutted in the 80's is drastically underfunded now that they need it.    There is free food (for seniors), free tote bags (for seniors), free samples of products (for seniors), and free music (that only seniors would find entertaining).    The rotunda at City Hall is filled with information booths which feature seniors-versions of the services and communities that we all know and love.  There's: Senior Services from both the provincial and federal governments; the Toronto Association of Jewish Seniors; the Seniors Singles Association; the St. Clair West Seniors Association; the Canadian Seniors Advocacy Group....  and so on.  Even City Hall has opened its information and business counters so that seniors can wander up and complain about whatever their barely functioning hearts desire.  I listened to a woman standing at the "Pay Water Bills Here" counter as she rambled on and on about the park that's close to her house and how they should, in the wintertime, clear a path through the park where she walks every day because that's her only exercise you know, she doesn't get out much anymore and that little park is the only thing that she has to look forward to in the spirngtime, but in the winter it would be nice to walk through there too, but the snow is so high sometimes, I can't get out to shovel it anymore because my husband passed away and he usually did part of the driveway and now that I have to do it all its so tiring sometimes....  I think we all know how to make City Services better for seniors:   1.   Cater immediately to whatever their rotary-dial demands are, and do it with as little change as possible.   2.   Large, and complex ideas (like provincial and federal downloading of services) are difficult to understand, so they don't exist. 3.   Garbage should be collected at the same time every week.  If it's gone by 9:42 one week, it should be gone by 9:42 the next week. 4.   CFRB should be the national broadcaster. 5.   Teenagers are frightening.  They shouldn't be allowed to ride on buses or on the subway.  They're young, they can walk. 6.   The City shouldn't waste money on things like internet access in libraries, because no one uses those damn things anyway.  Even the cafeteria was filled with old people.  An entire line up of seniors buying small coffees and date squares.  "Do you have any squares that are smaller then that?  Those are so big!  No?  Why not?  Those are so big I don't see how anyone could finish one of them.  Well you should have smaller ones then."  Even stranger requests: "Could I have a small coffee please.  The mild, decaf roast.  And only fill it up halfway, and fill the rest of it with hot water".  I figure Starbucks could have that as their special Seniors Blend.  "It's Mild enough for what's left of your tastebuds, and won't irritate your colon".  Yes it was surreal.  Yes it was funny.  But what was most funny was the private security company, rent-a-cops that the organizers of the senior's event chose to hire.  Each of the two of them was clearly labled "Securcorp" on their chest and guns.    Guns.    Each of the two private security company personel had, presumably loaded, side arms.  Should there be a riot over the free Scotiabank totebags in Nathan Phillips Square today between 12:00 and 2:00, you can rest assured that old people will feel the behavior modifying sting of hot lead.  I like the idea.  Keeping old people in check ensures the saftey of all of us.