The Johns talk trash     Nunziata  on Waste Management (for Toronto Community News).  Question 1) As mayor, would you support the use of the Adam's Mine in northern Ontario as a means of managing Toronto's waste? Why or why not?   Answer: If it were a choice between Adam's Mine and continuing to ship our garbage to Michigan, I would choose Adam's Mine because we need a made in Ontario solution. I do not support sending our garbage out of the province. The incident earlier this year when the "mad cow" disease scare closed the US border to our waste for a day, and the fact that several environmental groups in Michigan don't want our waste, clearly shows that we can't be sure that the borders will remain open. Besides, polluting our air and clogging our highways by sending 180 trucks a day down the QEW simply doesn't make any environmental sense.    Question 2) What are the most practical and affordable improvements to the system you see being implemented in the next term of government?   Answer: The green bin program is a huge success in Etobicoke. We should accelerate the roll out of this program throughout the entire city as soon as possible. The city has embarked on a process to assess new waste management technologies. Companies have been invited to submit proposals. I support this process. We should incorporate the best practices from around the world in the Toronto waste program. We should also increase opportunities for owners and tenants of apartment buildings to participate more fully in recycling efforts. As mayor, I will also lead the effort to enact long overdue regulations to reduce excessive packaging. I support the goals and initiatives of the Waste Diversion Task Force.     Question 3) Please share your long-term vision regarding waste management for the entire city. Where should we be in 15-20 years?    Answer: By 2010 we can and must achieve the goal of the Waste Diversion Task Force to divert 100% of our waste from landfill. This will be one of my top priorities as Mayor. I will appoint a senior person in the mayor's office to be responsible for making sure that everything the city can do to meet our waste diversion targets gets the priority it deserves. This is the kind of legacy we need to leave for our children and grandchildren.  (Prepared for Toronto Community News July 14 2003)      Tory  on Waste Management (for Toronto Community News)  Q. As mayor, would you support the use of the Adams Mine in Northern Ontario as a means of managing Toronto's waste? Why or why not?    A. It's time we stopped talking about dealing with our waste problems and started doing something about them. Other major cities in the world deal with waste, we should, too. I will not send our garbage to Adams Mine nor am I in favour of trucking it down to Michigan. These are not long-term, responsible solutions. I support new technologies and rolling out recycling programs faster as a made-in-Toronto approach to dealing with waste.    Q. What are the most practical and affordable improvements to the system you see being implemented in the next term of government?    A. New technologies. Cities around the world are using new technologies as a way to deal with waste and it's time for Toronto to catch up. We need to adopt and adapt what others are doing and get moving. We also need to look within our borders. The Etobicoke green bin program is a great example of a program that works. It is exactly the type of thing I support and believe should be implemented citywide.    Q. Please share your long-term vision regarding waste management for the entire city. Where should we be in 15 to 20 years?    A. In 15 to 20 years, we should not be shipping anything outside the City of Toronto. We should be dealing with our waste right here. Toronto should have a leading-edge recycling program and be a centre for green technology. I look forward to the year 2015 when we will have people coming to Toronto to study the world's most effective waste management system. For that to happen, we need action now. It's time to get moving.