Whoa!   Let's settle the fuck down here people.  No one needs to bring a gun to a   City Council  meeting, let alone shoot it.  What was he pissed off about?  Municipal zoning ordinances?  Harmonized property assessment proposals?  Library funding?  Seriously, I get all excited about municipal politics (I watched an hour and a half of live City Council debate last night after I got home).  But after all the debating is done; after all the lobbysts have gone home; after all the clerks have tallied the votes, ammendments, and referrals back to staff; there's nothing  really  that exciting.  Well....not exciting enough to bring a gun to the festivities.  I guess what really blows my mind is that a guy, in the States, not only after 9/11 but actually  in  the city that was the target of the 9/11 attacks, managed to get a gun into a public building.  I was under the impression that casual body-cavity searches are an American staple in this era of every-one-is-a-suspected-terrorist-untill-they-prove-themselves-patriotic.  But then....in a land where carrying a loaded firearm in public  is  patriotic, how else could this scenario possibly have played itself out?  I suppose I shouldn't be so dismissive about how passionate people get about local issues.  Not too long ago, this City banned grass clippings from transfer stations and from the residential waste stream.  People who, for years, had set out 8-10 plastic bags a week, filled with the grass, were asked to leave the clippings on their lawn.  Most residents caught on fairly quickly and realized that it was for the best.  One short sighted individual, packed up his 8-10 bags of grass clippings, put them in his pick-up truck, and drove them to our office, where he proceeded to yell at the receptionist about how he thought the ban was stupid, told her that he had nowhere else to take his grass, and left them at her desk.  He left shortly after that.  I'm sure on the way home he realised what a futile and pointless gesture that was.  I'm sure he meant to appologize for his childish outburst, but probably forgot.  I'm also sure that, given the choice, he would have preferred to bring a gun to our office to prove his point.    Thank God we live in Canada.