Heh     The Bush administration  predicts record $455,000,000,000.00 deficit.  In words that is "a four hundred and fifty five billion dollar deficit".  The funny part is that, that is the amount they've over spent  for this year alone .  By next year they say it will be up to $475 Billion.  Naturally they have a fiscal plan to reduce the deficit to $226 Billion by 2008.  It might be worth it to suggest at this point that the Bush administration's financial strategy for the US is flawed at the absolute best.    They cite "the war on terrorism" for the massive overspending.  If the American people buy that argument, they'll easily be led to believe that the Bush administration's hands were tied, and they had no choice but to go to war with Iraq.  I can hear Bush at the podium now:  "We didn't ask to be attacked on 9/11.  That's when this all started.  We had a financial plan that set the country on a track of prosperity, but because they attacked us, we were forced to defend ourselves.  Defence costs a lot of money, but we had no choice but to spend it.  Iraq was simply an extension of the war on terrorism.  We weren't even given the choice 'should we attack Iraq or not', that choice was already made for us on 9/11 by those terrorists.  It's the terrorists' fault that we are overspent."  And of course there's this.  "We gave him a chance to allow the inspectors in, and he wouldn't let them in."  From an   article in Salon  today.  The author points out that Bush thinks the world gave Hussein a chance to re-admit the arms inspectors to Iraq, and it was Hussein who refused to admit them to the country.  Remember when that happened?  I know it was a few months ago but surely you remember when Hussein made his impassioned speech to the world, defying the United Nations and insisting that any UN weapons inspector who set foot on Iraqi soil will be shot dead and publicly eviscerated on the spot.  Remember that?  Remember when all that happened?  Yeah,   neither do I .  But Bush remembers.  His memory is quite clear "We gave him a chance to allow the inspectors in, and he wouldn't let them in."  Which leaves the question open: "What does the world look like through George Bush's eyes?  What does George Bush believe happened in the world over the past year?"  The American people are the first people in history to elect a semi-retarded man as their representative.  They should be commended for giving mentally challenged people a chance to step forward and show that they can do a super job.