Playing to Emotions   John Nunziata is   leading a protest  outside a halfway house in the west end of Toronto.  Both he and Tory are strongly advocating   crime prevention  by "kicking out" criminals.  This from John Tory's statement on his "  Criminals Out " policy: Tory will put 400 more police officers on the street in order to reverse the personnel shortage, to mount an effective broken window strategy and to address a number of specific crime problems. He will lead a campaign to let police make more effective use of DNA samples of convicted criminals, including sex offenders, on file. He will seek a national sex-offender registry with teeth, one that requires offenders to wear GPS bracelets during their parole and possibly even longer. He will call for a moratorium on the placement of sex offenders in Toronto. And he will work with police and other local agencies to shut down the crack houses, dope grow houses and fortified buildings that are at the heart of the citys drug trade.   Other elements of the Criminals Out plan include inisisting   on the enforcement of deportation orders against people who have committed crimes, increasing school and schoolyard safety, curtailing panhandler and squeegie activity, curbing dangerous driving and rolling back the fee increases charged to community groups for the use of playing fields and other public spaces.   Nunziata wants to keep criminals out of Toronto as well.  Two   press releases  which outline his   feelings  on this issue.  He   even hopped in a police cruiser  for the night shift at 42 Division, "one of the toughest in the city" according to his website.  I'm sure both Johns have some suggestions as to what to do with criminals instead of integrating them back into society, which is the function of a halfway house.  Perhaps they advocate leaving them in prison for the full duration of their sentence?  Perhaps they will bar anyone with a criminal record from living or even entering Toronto?  Either way, the message is clear: They do not want the people of the City of Toronto to pay for, or deal with criminals.  What a wondrous utopia we have waiting for us if we only vote "John" in November.  Don't get me wrong, I'm worried about people like Holly Jones' killer living in, and killing in, our City.  It would, however, have been an equally great tragedy if he was forced to live outside of the City limits and found another little girl to kill and dismember.  But then, it would have been another City's problem, and not ours.    I find both of the John's policies, regarding crime prevention, lacking in their explanation of the long term strategy.  Both policies raise additional questions.