The Jehovah's Witnesses   I received a call tonight as I was watching television.  The man on the other end of the line asked for my name, and I assured him that he had the right person.  He then asked "Are you the same man who was in the Jehovah's Witnesses in London, Ontario".  Now, what you have to understand at this point is that I am good friends with two twin actors from London, Ontario.  One or both of them usually start their phone calls in character, and then ask leading questions like "Sir, I am calling from the League for the Appreciation of Young Sheep.  We have you in our records as the longest serving member in your district.  What time would you be available to accept your award?  Then wed laugh and laugh, and have a grand old time.  Naturally I assumed that it was one of them on the other end of the line.  Grinning away I listened as he asked me "Sir my name is Herb Evershed and I have your records here from your church in London, and I was wondering if I could forward your information on to the Bishop whose ward you live in...."   I couldn't wait any longer.  "WRONG!! I yelled, Bishops don't have wards!!"  Clearly doing his best job of acting surprised at my outburst he said "Uh....I see.  What do Bishops have?"  Giddy now, I giggled "They have......conferences!"  He said "Well, um, no you're wrong on that matter.  They do have wards.  Are you currently interested in being affiliated with the church?"  Surprised at how long he was willing to carry the joke I rolled my eyes and said "Yes??  He then told me that he'd be happy to send some missionaries around to my house to talk to me about my interest in membership.  Gradually it started to occur to me that it might not be a flaxen-haired twin actor on the other end of the line.  Missionaries?  It was carrying the joke even far for their taste.  And did I hear children in the background?  "I can send a pair of Missionaries over sometime this week if you'd like.  Can I have your address?"  "Uh....no, I am not willing to provide that information"  "Ok I see then.  You are interested in being affiliated with the church though right?"  I took a long pause.  "Yes?"  Sheepishly this time.  "Ok then, I do hope you will be patient with them and that you are willing to speak with them....Thank you."  I did something I haven't done in a while: I pressed *69 on my phone and scrambled for a pencil.  If it was their phone number I could start planning my revenge.  Perhaps calling their work, looking for the twins who screwed my girlfriend at a party they were catering.  The robot at Bell gave me the phone number that had just called me, and I did a "  reverse telephone lookup " online.    Turns out, the number is listed to an Evershed, H.  He lives in Etobicoke, with what are presumably his wife and children.  He has a record from a church in London that bears my name.  If this is indeed a prank, it's a very elaborate one that involves either, a fake entry in the Bell database, or a fake church record in London, Ontario.  If not, then I may be visited by two Jehovah's witnesses some time this week.