Seabiscuit: An American Tail   We went to see it on the weekend, and it became clear about 20 minutes into the movie, why it is such a critically acclaimed film: Making fun of Seabiscuit is like making fun of a little retarded girl.  A friend, who saw the movie with my girlfriend and I, noted that all the reviews of the film were grudgingly positive.  Kind of like: "Ok fine.  It's an amazing movie.  Are you happy now?"  The problem is that it is filled with so much aspertaine that people walk out of the theatre on a fake sugar high, and somehow go into a fake diabetic coma when describing the movie to friends.  "It's just an amazing story about 3 people, and a horse, who overcome adversity in their lives, and go on to save America."    In the theatre where Seabiscuit first touched our lives, people were clapping at the end of the showing.  The audience in the Varsity theatre at Bay and Bloor were so pleased with the movie that they applauded in order to show the screen their appreciation.  One woman even squealed and clapped as Seabiscuit won the big race, though she may have been the aforementioned little retarded girl.  "See, all this time we thought we were teaching Seabiscuit.  Turns out, Seabiscuit was the one teaching us...."  That's not an actual quote from the most inspiration film of 2003, but it's damn close.  Normally in a situation like this, we could all pick away at the  other  terrible parts of the film: the acting, the actors, the direction, the anachronisms, but the unfortunate part is that they were all fairly decent.  All the performances were reasonably on the believable scale and there was nothing really wrong with the movie.  Except the story.  Except this saccharine series of really obvious connections that brings everyone together in the film.  Horse owner looses his son.  Horse Jockey looses his parents.  Horse owner and jockey learn to love each other like a father and son.    I love you papa Homer.  I love you too Pepsi  Horse trainer/whisperer cant bear to see a horse shot: You don't throw away a whole life just 'cause he's banged up a little. But doesnt think that Horse jockey should ride the horse when the jockeys leg is broken.  Horse owner/jockey-father-figure reminds Horse trainer/whisperer: You don't throw away a whole life just 'cause he's banged up a little.  Audience nods knowingly, noting out loud Remember, because thats what the Horse trainer said before.  He got his own words turned around on him.  One of the central pillars in Seabiscuit is the fact that Seabiscuit saved America.  Remember when that happened?  Remember how all the people who lost their money in the stock market started to gamble as a desperately illguided attempt at living out the American dream?  Theres even a Gatsby-esque struggle between Old Money and New Money, which Seabiscuit wins using a combination of hard work, stick-to-it-ivness, and a whole lot of moxie.  Go ahead and watch it.  Its only a few months until the next time a movie changes the way   we think about ourselves .