Barbara Hall responds   Let's read Babs' letter to us all, shall we?  >   Dear Friend,    Aww.  That's nice of you to say.    >   Were now in the Dog Days of Summer but things have been hectic out on the campaign trail. Ive been very busy recently. Ive attended many wonderful events like last Sundays Pakistan Independence Day celebrations, where more than 6,000 proud people celebrated the anniversary of their countrys beginning.     Wow.  All those people huh?  So how's that investigation into your campaign fundraising going?  >   Everywhere I go, your support has been overwhelming. I thank you for that. I also wanted to contact you to let you know that my lawyer, David G. Boghosian, today commenced an Application to Quash the charges laid against me by Tom Jacobek.     Got a new lawyer huh?  What happened to Jakobsh?  So...what did the new guy say about the case?  >   After reviewing Mr. Jacobeks allegations, David concluded that there were sufficient grounds to have the charges dismissed. This Application to Quash is scheduled to be heard in Superior Court on Monday, September 8th.     I'll book it off.  >   My lawyer believes that Jacobeks case is seriously flawed. We will argue that the Justice of the Peace should never have let these charges go forward. The evidence put before him was far too flimsy, he said. It appears that the information and resulting summons are flawed in a number of respects.     Yeah, lawyers tend to talk like that.  What did you expect him to say: "Sorry Barbara, looks like we're goin' down the shitter on this one.  As your attorney I'd advise you to throw in the towel"?  >   The allegations are improperly vague and ambiguous, and the proceedings before Justice of the Peace Bubba were highly irregular. The proceedings were dominated by Mr. Jacobeks lawyer urging that charges be laid, rather than the usual process of questioning the informant on the source of his information and its reliability.     I'm sorry...did you say "Justice of the Peace Bubba"?  Oh..you probably mean "  His Worship Justice of the Peace James V. Bubba ".  And yes, I would imagine that Mr. Jakobek's lawyer would be a pushy fellow.  >   I want to assure you that I will not be distracted by Jacobeks attack. My support continues to grow in all parts of the city as I stay focused on the issues that matter most to the people of Toronto.     Well it's sweet of you to think of us.  >   I have every faith that this matter will de dealt with quickly by the courts and that we will go on to victory Nov. 10.     You have faith in speed and efficiency of the provincial court system?  Are you feeling ok Barbara?  Would you like to sit down for a minute?  >   Thank you for your continued support, Barbara     Yeah, we'll be watching.