Garbage smells   Here's the gist:  A transfer station is a big building, usually in an industrial area of a city, where garbage trucks go to dump out their load so they can get back on the streets and get more garbage.  Bigger trucks come into the transfer station and "transfer" the garbage from that site to another site; usually a landfill and in this case, across the boarder into Michigan.      The article  is about a guy, who owns a reception hall close to the Bermondsey transfer station (close to Eglinton and the DVP).  He's complaining that garbage smells, and that the "new" garbage (the 'wet waste' component of garbage that the City is now collecting in Scarborough and Etobicoke).  This story from the Star today works well on so many levels.    First of all it showcases a City staff member actually acknowledging plain fact, and not trying to dance around the issue:  "Bacopoulos readily admits that the wet waste, which collects in a homeowner's green bin for an entire week before being picked up by a garbage truck, smells terrible.  "When you lift the lid off on that fifth or sixth day to put material in there, it is raunchy, there's no doubt about it, but it's a small price to pay to divert material away from landfills and for a better environment," Bacopoulos said."  Yes.  It is a  minute  price to pay for diversion and fewer trucks going across the boarder.  There was an editorial a month ago, and since the Sun doesn't seem to archive it's content I can't link to it, where a Toronto Sun columnist railed about the new Scarborough Green Bin program.  She complained how difficult it was to use, how it would smell, how rats would infest her home, how relatives wouldn't want to come visit....  She finished her column by suggeting that her olfactoray inconvenience could have been avoided if we'd just gotten our act together and shipped our garbage north to Kirkland Lake when we had the chance.  I'm not sure how the logic works.  Can we demand an effective solution to a problem, but negate that solution if it is found to inconvenience a single person?  A group of people?  Obviously the organics collection program isn't going to grind to a halt because this resturaunt owner claims to have "lost half his business", but how far will his complaint go?