Oh now you've got to be kidding me   Yeah, yeah, fine.  Jackobek started proceedings against Hall for violations of the Municipal Elections Act.  Specifically calling her fundraising into question.  That's not the strange part.  The strange part is that Hall's lawyer is named "Tom Jakobsh".  I figured it was a typo but aparently not.  For the next few weeks we'll be reading about how Tom Jakobsh and Tom Jakobek will be squaring off in court.  Here's the   Star's take  on the inital proceedings.  Here's Babs' statement about "The Friends of Barbara Hall": Dear Supporters,   I wanted to contact you personally to tell you that yesterday Tom Jakobek attempted to use the courts to derail my campaign for mayor. Let me assure you, he will not succeed with these outrageous political games.   My integrity is important to me. I would never do anything to compromise my reputation or undermine your trust. I take my responsibilities to you very seriously.   I want to be very clear: my actions, and those of my supporters, The Friends of Barbara Hall, have at all times been entirely within the law. I'm proud of how my supporters and I have conducted ourselves.   Over a year ago, the Friends of Barbara Hall sought and obtained a legal opinion from a senior member of the municipal law bar and former professor of municipal law, Stanley M. Makuch, BA, MA, LLB, LLM (Harvard). This legal opinion outlined what types of activities were permissible under the Municipal Elections Act. Friends of Barbara Hall relied on this opinion and used it to guide their activities at all times.   Not only did Friends of Barbara Hall comply with the law, they went far beyond what the law required, in terms of disclosure of information and limiting the size of donations. In order to be fully transparent, the Friends of Barbara Hall have also made full financial disclosure on their website.   I'm pleased that we can now have an opportunity to address the allegations that have been made. Instead of responding to Mr. Jakobek's outrageous innuendos, we will now be able to have a court of law bring this matter to a resolution.   This will not distract me from my campaign. I will continue to address the issues which are important to you and our city. And with your support, I will continue to campaign vigorously and to present my vision and ideas for Toronto's future. I look forward to seeing you at the hundreds of events I will be attending between now and the end of the campaign.   Sincerely, Barbara Hall   So there you have it.    If anyone knows where Barbara's statements on garbage, litter or waste management are could you please send them to me?  I haven't been able to find anything on her site.  She does mention that she will "continue to address the issues which are important to you and our city", but hasn't posted anything on those issues that I can locate.