An explanation of the previous post   But Armchair Garbageman, do you support Tory's plan?  Do you agree with his assertion that bureaucracy at City Hall is partly to blame for the City's litter problem?  Yes on both counts.  To be perfectly frank, a single arm responsible for litter collection is the only way to reduce litter clean up costs, and increase the efficiency needed to handle litter quickly and consistently in this city.  When you put garbage out at your curb, there's a truck from a City department who comes by to pick it up.  When you stroll through a park and admire the freshly cut grass and beautiful flowerbeds, you know exactly which department to thank.  When you turn on your taps you can rest assured that the water that comes out is clean and ever present due to the diligence of workers in a City department.  These are well defined, departmental responsibilities.  When you notice a piece of litter on the ground however, there's a complex algorithm to determine which City department is going to pick it up.  Is it on the street?  In a park?  On the sidewalk?  In a stream bed?  In a parking lot?  There are at least 5 different departments who  might  have to be notified to clean up a single, hypothetical, piece of litter.  It's inefficient, and there are rumblings going on right now to change it.  Rumblings that are coming from within committee rooms, and rumblings that are coming from political platforms.  To be fair, much of what Tory is proposing has already begun.  Our litter committee is already comprised of representatives from business and industry (including the fast food chains that Tory mentions in his release), as well as councillors and staff.  A key part of Torys proposal is to hire 1500 students to assist either, current City departments, or a new litter department during summer litter peaks.  At least one other candidate, Tom Jakobek, is proposing a similar idea but with different numbers; he suggests hiring 5000 students for the summer season, at a cost of $13.5 Million (  quoted here , down at the bottom of the interview).  Jakobek is unclear as to whether the $13.5 Million is the total budget for litter removal or the cost of the wages of the students alone.  Tory has really siezed on this, and other "garbage" issues, and I think he'll be the one to push that agenda in debates.  It sounds like he's willing to work and address the problem, but that remains to be proven.