Call and Response   You've got to feel for Nunziata on this one.  It looks orchestrated.  Lets go back to the springtime in the tunnels under the City.  David Miller posters were all the rage back then.  In April of this year,  long  before the election, David Miller put up ads in the subway stations indicating that he was the TTC candidate.  It might be argued that it wasn't a "campaign" poster, but merely an "information" poster, but lets face facts; it had   millerformayor.ca  at the bottom of it.  A few weeks ago John Nunziata launched his "Stand up for Toronto"   posters in the TTC .  A friend of mine insists she'll vote for him simply because his posters make him look like a giant, looming tall over the city.  While away on vacation, my girlfriend and I sat in a "Chicken and Fish" (that's the name of the chain) restaurant in Bancroft Ontario, and read   this article  in the Star.  Here's the gist: Under the City of Toronto municipal code, campaign signs are not permitted on public or private property until 25 days before election day.  Based on the city's legal opinion, subway advertising had been permitted because it was not visible from the streets. That has been the accepted policy until a new ruling was suddenly issued yesterday.  In recent weeks, some candidates have taken issue with former MP John Nunziata's subway ads, and others pointed out that Councillor David Miller ran similar ads in the spring.  "There were enough questions raised that I sent the original interpretation for review," said Blakes. "It's now come back saying, (subway advertising) will be viewed as violation."  As a result, Blakes said he issued a letter yesterday outlining the new rules to mayoral campaigns, adding he expects all ads to be down within a week of receipt of the letter."   Would you take your campaign poster down after another candidate's posters got to run their length?  I wouldn't either, and   Nunziata's office  is kicking back with all force.    We were back in the city and back in the TTC on the first Monday after the ruling.  Obviously no posters had been removed.  Two days later on the way back from Downsview park we transferred at St. George and I watched a group of 5 TTC security officers discussing the ruling and pointing out that "That guy's poster's should be down already".  This morning, while enjoying a stranger's elbow between my ass-cheeks, I took pause to notice that yes, Nunziata's posters are still up.