Residentially Evil   I really should be in this movie.  The shooting schedule alone seems to be following me around the city.  Or perhaps it's just that I live and work in very photogenic/terrifying locations.  A few Sundays ago it became apparent that my apartment was under chopper attack.  I thought I was back in Da Nang for a few moments, until I shook my head and realized that the gooks weren't charging up the stairs, but rather Resident Evil 2 was in town filming on the Bloor/Danforth bridge ('Prince Edward Viaduct', for those in the know).  They shut the bridge down for 10 minute stretches (and stopped all traffic underneath on the DVP) while black SUVs were chased by (or were chasing) a helicopter above.  It was pretty cool to catch a glimpse of "Hollywood" film making while it was in the process.  The most recent shooting location will be....City Hall.  There are massive floodlight trucks, and production trailers everywhere outside.  Cable and hookups are scattered, but neatly organized, all over Nathan Phillips Square and there's a memo to all City employees in the elevator which indicates that October 1st at about 7:00, Nathan Phillips Square will be used to film more "helicopter" scenes, including a landing in the square itself.  From my vantage point I can see the top of the "pod" (that thing in the middle of City Hall where council meets), and they are setting something up down there for tomorrow night.  There's a big, three pronged sculpture down there now, which is slightly less attractive to look at then Henry Moore's "The Archer" which is located two floors below in the square itself.  I've seen other things filmed or photographed up there in the past.  The deck around the pod was turned into, presumably, the top floor of a parking garage for something recently, complete with yellow parking lines, directional arrows, and skid marks.  There's just something about watching a movie filmed in a City you know really well.  That aspect alone makes bad movies watchable.  I watched X-Men partially because I really wanted to see X-Men but partly because I really got a kick out of elbowing the stranger beside me and loudly whispering "That's inside Casa Loma" or "I'm pretty sure that's in Burlington down by the Lakeshore at the south end of Brant St".  I didn't see the first Resident Evil, but I'm pretty sure I'll go out and see this one, if for no other reason then to watch virus infected zombies wander around City Hall.  (!!Note to self: Insert joke about Council here.  Try to work in Rob Ford, if possible.)