Loophole for your H2   The Bush administration, as part of it's economic stimulus program, has included a section (intended for farmers presumably) which allows for an business to claim the cost of a piece of equipment as a deduction on its taxes.  The Hummer, land behemoth H2, actually qualifies for this tax credit where other cars and trucks don't.  Why?  Because the under the guidelines of the tax credit the Hummer's gross vehicle weight of 6,000 lbs counts.  In Alaska, SUV dealers are gladly   informing citizens  of the tax credit: Mercedes-Benz of Anchorage on East Sixth Avenue has run newspaper ads showing the luxury automaker's gigantic M-Class SUV. The ads read, "Attn: Business Owners. This Year's New Tax laws allow you to WRITE OFF 100%." The ad encourages buyers to "act now" before the law changes.  The state's only Hummer dealership, across from Merrill Field in East Anchorage, recently sent out thousands of fliers to doctors, lawyers, construction company owners and other well-paid entrepreneurs, to let them know about a "fabulous opportunity."  "Imagine being able to purchase the #1 large luxury SUV in America today, the Hummer H2 with its incredible styling, bona fide off-road capability and awesome driveability and receive a deduction for the entire purchase amount from your taxes this year!" wrote Chris Thorpe, sales representative.  "We wanted to use it as a sales tool," said Roger Swanson, account manager. "It piques the interest level."  The strategy appears to be paying off. Sales have been strong at the Anchorage dealership, according to sales representatives. Thorpe said he's sold 10 H2s in the last month alone. I'll be willing to give the Bush administration the benefit of the doubt here, but what this comes down to is shoddy writing of a bill.  If the stimulus package was meant to encourage farmers or others who  need  large pieces of equipment for their livelyhood, then the legislation should have been written more specifically.  What this is basically doing is encouraging people, who would have bought a large vehicle anyway, to buy an even larger vehicle because they can deduct the purchase price later.  Doctors and lawyers don't need H2s, let alone SUVs, to operate their average practices.  I'm sure there are some keener doctors up in Alaska who will off-road to make a housecall, but I would imagine that the vast majority would use them to drive, on the road, to their office and back home.  The Hummer as you know, gets 10 miles to the gallon.