Props from David Suzuki   There's been a report released recently from the   Union of Concern Scientists  and the   Ecological Society of America  entitled   "Confronting Climate Change in the Great Lakes Region"   (from the   press release )    "The Great Lakes area as we know it will change forever," said David Suzuki, scientist and broadcaster. "I grew up in this region and have fond memories of paddling and fishing in the lakes and watching birds from farmers' fields - climate change is altering the area's natural spaces dramatically. This research illustrates just how serious a problem we've got."    The cool part is that Toronto actually got some praise from the legendary scientist.  (from page 72 of the 108 page   full report )     Toronto: A Leader Among Cities in Reducing Greenhouse Gas Emissions     One of the first local governments in the world to commit to voluntary cuts in greenhouse gas emissions, and one of the most successful, is Toronto. In 1990, Canada's largest city committed to a goal of reducing its emissions 20 percent below 1988 - 1990 levels by 2005. By 1998, Toronto had already exceeded its 2005 goal more than three times over, achieving emission reductions of 67 percent below 1990 levels. That represents a drop from 2.3 million tons of carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere to 765,000 tons released, one of the largest reductions achieved anywhere in Canada. Toronto used a wide range of measures to achieve its emission goals: improving the energy efficiency of city buildings and streetlights, improving energy efficiency and switching to alternative fuels for its vehicle fleet, procuring and developing "green" power sources, and capturing landfill gases for use in power production. The latter strategy, in fact, produced the greatest reduction in emissions and also generates $2.5 million (Cdn) in yearly income for the city. Although energy efficiency measures resulted in much smaller emission reductions, they save the city $10 million (Cdn) in energy costs each year.    More good news is on the way.  The specific reduction in methane emissions from landfills will be  even greater  as the City moves to a full organic processing plan.  A huge strategy (mentioned in the report as well) is to increase diversion of all materials.  The organic material diverted would be processed, and any methane would be captured and used for power production, thus preventing the release of that portion of greenhouse causing gas.  Finally...climate change and waste diversion can sit at the same table.  Thank you Dr. Suzuki.