Ah crap   From the Toronto Star   last night . DETROIT (AP) &#8212; U.S. customs inspectors arrested the driver of a Canadian garbage truck today after they discovered about a tonne of marijuana concealed behind trash he was transporting. Look.  It's hard enough trying to dispose of Toronto garbage without this happening.  At the end of the story there's this comment from a clearly terrified American: "A ton of marijuana in one truck!" Michigan State representative Kathleen Law exclaimed after being informed of the discovery.  "This just underscores that trash from Canada leaves us open to this kind of illegal activity. We must pass legislation and we must regulate the bridge.  "It's just out of control," she said.  "This is scary." Yeah, it's really really scary.  You want to know how scary?  If the U.S. closes the border because of this, or delays Canadian garbage trucks with more inspections as they try and cross the border, then we'll see just how scary it really is.    Let's go over the facts:  All Toronto owned landfills are closed. GTA and Southwestern Ontario landfills are filling up quickly. While 100% waste diversion (away from landfills) is an attainable goal it cannot be met under current recycling conditions.  In other words there is a huge component of waste that cannot be processed as recyclables using the markets that we have available to us presently. Locating, testing, building and commissioning new landfills is a process that takes  years  of impact assessment analysis. As far as we know, there is no process currently underway to locate new landfills. The last time the border between Michigan and Ontario closed (because of that one Mad Cow in Alberta) it caused far reaching delays and backups at city transfer stations. In the event that the border closes, City staff have told us that they have a contingency plan to "hold" garbage at transfer stations until a dispute can be resolved.  That is far from an long term solution.  My point is that we are teetering on the edge of a major financial and environmental crisis every single day.  The U.S. congress are already making motions to restrict Canadian garbage from entering the U.S. and we still have no clear long-term solution for what to do.  Enter the mayoral candidates.  Barbara Hall has indicated that if we simply increase our diversion efforts we won't have to rely on the landfill in Michigan.  John Nunziata has indicated that he'll re examine Adams Mine in Kirkland Lake as a solution for Toronto's non-recyclable waste.  John Tory has suggested that he'll take a close look at incineration, gasification, and other "New and Emerging Technologies".  None of these potential solutions are overnight fixes, and none of them are without serious negative arguments.  Increasing our diversion efforts (green bin programs, expanded blue and grey box programs) only resolve a component of the waste stream.  There is still a large component that is simply not recyclable right now.  The sticking point with diversion is the markets to process the material.  Recycling potato chip bags and clear plastic film is possible, but expensive to do and therefore no one buys those materials from municipalities.  Simply including these and other materials in the recycling program isn't enough.  There has to be a place to put them, and if there's no place to put them they need to be landfilled.  Adams Mine is a ridiculously difficult process to reopen.  Apart from the environmental activists, native bands along the route to Kirkland Lake, and angry municipal councilors who all vowed to block any reopening of the debate, there's still environmental impact assessments and hundreds upon hundreds of deputations that the MOE will have to consider before they approve anything.  If it were to become an option again, it would be  years  in the making, and not simply a place to re-route the trucks.  Incineration is always met with protest.  Tom Jakobek says that he's seen "too many cases of childhood asthma" for him to consider incinerating Toronto garbage.  What Mr. Jakobek and Ms. Churley (Toronto-Danforth MPP) seem to forget is that incineration wouldn't be a gigantic pile of garbage doused with gas and set aflame.  The same intense scrutiny that would be applied to potential landfill sites, would be applied to both the location of an incinerating facility as well as to the proposed process of incineration.  It's not an overnight solution, and there is still the question of what to do with the minimal ash residue that would be left over from the process.  What's become clear is that trucking our garbage across the boarder to Michigan is a volatile solution at best.  The moment relations between our countries change, the moment "terror" levels increase, and the moment some dumbass decides to smuggle a  tonne  of weed across the border, we run the risk of having essentially no where to put our garbage.  The border can, and has been, closed at the drop of a hat with no warning at all.  Marijuana may scare the hell out of the Americans, but their response to it should scare the hell out of Torontonians.  This isn't an issue that affects "trade" or "business" or some other "not me" organization.  It's a very real issue that is facing residents of this city who will have to pay dearly to dispose of the mountains garbage that they produce every single day.  How will your normally silent mayoral candidates deal with the Province, Michigan, and the American government on this issue?