Remember him, as he was   Today marks the beginning of the final City Toronto council under Mayor Lastman's reign.  Over the next few days, and weeks, the media will be awash with pictures of Mel, both young and old.  There will be parties, final interviews, and events in his honour.  You've really got to hand it to him, he is one of the longest serving mayors in North American history.  He will be remembered as the mayor who fought for improvements in North York under the old metro council.  Some will remember him as the mayor who lost Toronto the summer Olympics after his natives-boiling-missionaries-in-a-pot comment.  He was the mayor who was photographed shaking the hand of a Hell's Angel.  He was the mayor who pushed the TTC to build the Sheppard subway extension.  He was the mayor who announced to the media that locals 416 and 79 are unions who "hate children", after a municipal worker's strike closed pools during the summer of 2002.  He was the mayor who asked for help from the Canadian military after a major snow storm, and was laughed at by the rest of the country.  He was the only Canadian mayor to be lampooned on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart.    My favorite Lastman moment was immortalize on April 24, 2003 during CNN's "Newsnight with Aaron Brown" when the following exchange took place between the American host and our mayor: BROWN: Just two other things on that. Major League Baseball said yesterday that they recommend their players not use the public transportation system. I gather you're not very happy about that either?  LASTMAN: No, that's ridiculous. I use it. And I'm going to be using it. And I'm going to be staying at a hotel in Toronto with my wife. And I am going to be going to -- I got to restaurants in Toronto. And I'll be going to more restaurants. I'll be doing a lot of this all next week.  BROWN: And just -- are you at all concerned, you must be somewhat concerned, that you might lose the All-Star game this summer?  LASTMAN: Yes, I am.  BROWN: Yes.  LASTMAN: Toronto is a sports city. And in the past, we've won quite a few championships. And I want to keep winning more. And I want this All-Star game. And we are going -- we are beating this. You know, it's almost gone. We've turned the corner. Our medical officer of health today made a statement, we've turned the corner and all we have to do is go two more weeks and we're all set. For those who missed it, the Major League All-Star game was held in Chicago during the summer of 2003, and if anyone has ever seen Lastman using the TTC in a non-photo-op situation, please email me.  God I'm gonna miss that little pisher.