The Motion of the Ocean   Like every good Canadian, I was tuned to CBC Newsworld for an hour and a half yesterday afternoon.  The   CBC muppet  was reminding viewers that a vote on the Alliance motions regarding the definition of marriage would begin in a few minutes, so my brother and I watched the vote.  For those of you who missed it here's the original Canadian Alliance motion tabled in the House yesterday afternoon: "That, in the opinion of this House, it is necessary, in light of public debate around recent court decisions, to reaffirm that marriage is and should remain the union of one man and one woman to the exclusion of all others, and that Parliament take all necessary steps within the jurisdiction of the Parliament of Canada to preserve this definition of marriage in Canada.'' Later in the day, the Alliance tabled an amendment to their own motion, creating this text: "That, in the opinion of this House, it is necessary, in light of public debate around recent court decisions, to reaffirm that marriage is and should remain the union of one man and one woman to the exclusion of all others. Why?  The rest of the text of the original motion: "..and that Parliament take all necessary steps within the jurisdiction of the Parliament of Canada to preserve this definition of marriage in Canada." implied that the House should use the   Notwithstanding clause   even if  the Supreme Court of Canada allows the constitutionality of same-sex marriage.  The Alliance was essentially asking the House to overturn the Supreme Court's upcoming decision if they ruled "in favour of" same sex marriage.  It was a pretty impressive move on the Alliance's part.  Their amendment basically removed the potential use of the Notwithstanding clause, and simply asked the House to vote on whether they believe that marriage is an exclusively straight institution.  The Alliance "softened" the motion by removing the use of the notwithstanding clause, in hopes of swaying any members who were in favour of exclusively straight marriage, but against the use of the controversial clause on this matter.  Then came the vote.  The first vote was basically asking 'Are you in favour of the amendment to the motion?'  The house was divided 134-134, and procedure gave the tie breaking vote to the Speaker of the House, who voted against the motion.  If I understand correctly, the speaker basically "hardened" the Alliance motion.  He made the house decide on both their stance on same-sex marriage AND the possible use of the Notwithstanding clause on this issue, in the same vote.    The next vote was on the original text of the Alliance motion (as the amendment to the text was defeated by one vote), and that's the one that came out 132-137.  For someone who barely understands Parliamentary procedure, it was quite an entertaining hour and a half.