A mayoral debate   Who brings their children to a municipal debate?  Honestly.     We attended the CBC Radio One mayoral debate: "Your Next Mayor" at the Glen Gould studio on Monday Night.  The audience included a lot of tweedy intellectual-types, old people, us, and a 10 year old kid sporting a note pad, sitting beside his old, tweedy, intellectual-type parents.  My girlfriend noted "Oh, he's probably doing a report or something for school."  I thought "Man, that kid's gonna get beaten up at school tomorrow".  The outcome of the debate?  Have you ever heard Barbara Hall speak?  It's not an entertaining event.  In my humble opinion, Miller came out ahead.  He answered questions in a fair and reasonably straightforward fashion.  He did what candidates are supposed to do in a debate, and that's to clarify and defend his position on the issues.  Tory was also a high point of the evening.  The only candidate (at the debate) who has never held a political office, Tory seems to clearly understand the process, the issues, and can provide reasonable arguments for why his solutions will solve our problems.  Jakobek and Nunziata stood their ground firmly on some of the "unpopular" platform planks, and should be commended for their resolve.  The problem with these two candidates in particular was their tendencies to wander away from the question, speak on a campaign pillar, and then loosely tie their answer back to the original question.  Nunziata for example was asked about how, in practical terms, he would increase affordable housing in the City.  He spoke about homelessness, and how he would provide compassionate care to people who need our help.  Which brings us to Ms. Hall.  I'm going to go out on a limb here and compare her, to George W. Bush.  We may have to evoke an adjusted clause of Goodwin's Law....  Hall speaks, like Bush speaks.  There was an observation (in this   book  if I remember correctly) that all of those little "Bushisms" were caused because Bush was speaking on a subject that he had no interest in or didnt fully understand.  Bushisms like "Reading is the basics for all learning" and "You're working hard to put food on your family" only seemed to occur when Bush spoke about "compassionate" things (family, education, social services, etc).  But when he spoke about a subject that he was passionate about, invading Iraq or corporate tax breaks for instance, all those little flubs and "Bushisms" seemed to disappear, and he spoke like a statesman.  Suddenly he could think on his feet, and answer novel questions.   Hall seemed to suffer from the same problem on Monday night.  When asked how she will deal with the provincial government, she had party line statements like "I will fight for a new deal and I will get that new deal from the province".  When pressed for specifics, it was as though she lost her train of thought mid-sentence and filled her answer with random statements like "red tape" and "work with council" and "look at alternatives".  However, when asked (the final question of the night) about racialized poverty in the city, suddenly she became passionate again and delivered a clear answer.  My girlfriend noted that Hall and Miller generally phrased their responses using terms like I will work with and examine all positions on the matter, while the other candidates used more individually decisive terms like I will make and I will change.  This morning Star columnist   Royson James  analyzed the debate and noted an issue that wasnt addressed in the debate to any satisfaction:  The fact is, Toronto faces a fiscal nightmare scenario that will greet the new mayor with a budget shortfall approaching $100 million. It has debt levels that are too high, reserve funds that are too low, infrastructure that's old and crumbling and is underfunded by as much as $300 million a year.  Yet, to hear the candidates, they'll just march into city hall and uncover waste and inefficiencies worth millions.