A Passover Game for all you kiddies out there   It's late I know.  But a good friend sent me a link to    this site.   The PKs in the audience will recall similar fun-tyme activities that kept idle hands busy, and wandering minds fixed on the Lord.    Let's be clear here: This is a site, intended for the homeschooled children of Christian parents, and this particular activity is intened to teach children of Christian parents, what the 10 plagues in Egypt was all about.  Right?  I mean....I've never heard a Jew use the phrase "you can witness to them!".  I didn't investigate the rest of the site, but I can't find anywhere that it says "Remember to check with Mommy and Daddy to make sure it's ok to do all of these things".  Especially the witnessing to neighbours activity (#10 at the bottom).      A fun activity to represent the ten plagues can be reenacted. Ten days before Passover begins, do something in your home to represent each one of the ten plagues. Here are a few examples. Be creative and make up your own symbols.   1. Nile waters turning to blood --put red food coloring in the water glasses at the dinner table, in the bathroom sinks, in the dog's water bowl, and anywhere else you can think of.   2. The frogs--Use green construction paper to cut out roundish frogs with thin green legs. Bend the legs to make the frogs look as if they are jumping. Put them everywhere, in cereal boxes, in the shower, refrigerator, drawers, etc.   3. The lice--Use a hole punch to make many small white "dots" out of plain white paper. Scotch tape them on your body and leave them on for a few hours. The appearance and irritation will make you think of itching lice.   4. The flies-- Use clear scotch tape to tape pepper or small "dots" of black construction paper in different areas of the house, the windows, the bathroom mirrors, etc.   5. Disease afflicting the Egyptian livestock--put stuffed animals in different areas of the house, upside down.   6. Boils--Use a hole punch to make many small red "dots" out of red construction paper (or cut out circles). Cover each other with boils by scotch taping them on your body and leave them on for a few hours. The appearance and irritation will make you think of the boils.   7. Hailstorm--Put ice cubes around the outside of your house, the porch areas and on the outside window sills.   8. Locusts-- Use brown construction paper to cut out oval-looking locusts. Put them everywhere as you did the frogs (you'll even think of some new places to surprise your family).  9. Darkness--Tape brown paper bags over all the windows, draw all draperies to keep it dark in the daytime, or don't turn on any lights in the evening.   10. Put red ribbon on the sides and top of door post of your house to avoid the death plague. When the neighbors ask what the ribbon is for you can witness to them!