Trashy Column   If you accidentally dropped your four bits into the red box instead of the blue one this morning, you may have noted Sue-Ann Levy's column about litter.    Here's the link , but because the Sun chooses to not archive it's content, I doubt you'll be able to find it in a week or two.  Levy concedes improvement in the City's response to litter, noting clean sidewalks and increased fines for "littering swine".  But what would a columnist be without grandstand complaining, and misattributed blame?  Says Levy: Last week, I noticed trash bins supplied by OMG Media filled to overflowing in Yorkville and a general state of filthiness throughout downtown - as if the recent power blackout gave everyone an excuse (city workers included) to let our streets slide. I'm not really interested in much of that.  Here's the part that I am interested in though: In a campaign that has so far been short on good ideas and long on trash talk directed mostly at the present regime, only one candidate - John Tory - has come up with a well-thought-out plan to clean up Hogtown.   To his credit, Tom Jakobek has addressed the issue although not in as detailed a way as Tory. Barbara Hall, the frontrunner, has talked vaguely of a spring cleanup and her leftist opponent, David Miller, keeps yapping about wiping the City Hall corridors clean of lobbyists and special interest groups (it seems the unions he's cozied up to are not in the special interest category). John Nunziata's proposals are yet to come.   Tory's plan - called "Pick Up Toronto!" - has legs, in my view, because it operates from the premise that if the city is clean, residents (and visitors) will be less inclined to litter (a concept that seems to have eluded the present regime at City Hall).   "The most often mentioned issue (as I campaign) is the lack of cleanliness of the city," Tory told me in a recent interview. "People feel if the city looks like a pigsty, it's probably run the same way ... the books are not in order." Let me type that out so everyone gets it:  " People feel if the city looks like a pigsty, it's probably run the same way ... the books are not in order ." - John Tory  That's good quality logic there.  That's the kind of logic that should be running this City.  Here's how it breaks down: If "A" then "whatever the hell I feel like saying".    Folks, litter is truly a non-issue.  It's political smokescreen.  It's the "tax cuts" and "Jobs Jobs Jobs" of municipal politics.  Let's say that a new council is elected and tough-on-litter policies are enacted and enforced.  Let's imagine that these new policies are so effective that Ms. Levy and her columnist colleagues are duly satisfied with the results.  What then?  Will an administration that campaigned its way into City Hall on litter be willing to act decisively to resurrect a financially embattled TTC?  Will they provide solutions to calls for safer communities?  Will they commit to an effective long-term infrastructure maintenance plan?  Will they have any idea where to put the litter once its been picked up off the ground?  Probably not, but the sidewalks will be pretty.    Maybe I'm completely misguided.  I'd ask my fellow city residents to carefully examine all of the issues in the campaign and decide what they'd like answers on.  If litter is at the top of that list then hell, lets go for it.  Let's pour effort, manpower and money into the problem until we've got it solved.  Let's host that International Litter Conference that Brad Duguid is going on about.  Let's employ 1500 students next summer to clean up this one horse town.  But if we dont ask our leadership candidates for real, practical solutions to our Citys problems, then how will we know which of them to put in charge?  If we listen to mayoral candidates droning about ethics and leadership and integrity and refuse to ask them about their plans for our City then we can have Jesus Christ himself chairing council meetings, but it doesnt necessarily follow that hell know how to run a City effectively.  I tend to agree with Levy on this one.  This is "a campaign that has so far been short on good ideas and long on trash talk".  We need to decide the issues that are important to us, and demand real answers from our mayoral candidates before November 10.