The Nun speaks out   I'm a little confused this morning.    Here's Mr. Nunziata's  (edited) comments to the Star editorial board yesterday.  I've picked out a couple of Q and As just so I can spread the confusion around a little.    Q: Don't you think that at this point in the campaign the public deserves to know which campaign made the approach?  A: Yes, it was the John Tory camp, I was told. I have no direct knowledge of that.  Pardon?  So if he says it was the Tory camp, then how does he have no knowledge that it was the Tory camp?  If he's relying on someone else to identify the source of the bribe offer, then shouldn't he make damned sure he has first hand knowledge of the subject of his accusation?    Q: And what about the offer to be deputy mayor?  A: That was before that date, that was before the 25th -- actually, that was conveyed to me after, but the request was made of a friend of mine to convey a message to me, and he didn't, until after the fact.   Wha....what?  Jesus, I need a flow chart or something here.  If anyone needs an example of poli-speak then I'd offer the Nun's answer to that question.  This guy is a lawyer right?    Q: How do you draw the line?  A: I'll let others draw the line. It's quite one thing if you're a leadership candidate, or you're a candidate in the election and there's a debt afterwards that people help to retire the debt as a magnanimous gesture, for whatever reason. ... The timing of this is no accident. ... I'm not alleging criminal wrongdoing ... I provided this information to the police for them to make an assessment ... This was clearly an inducement. I've never categorized this as a bribe.  Ok, he's not alleging criminal wrongdoing.....and it wasn't a bribe.  It was an inducement.  Clearly.    Q: You are responsible for the timing. You waited three weeks.  A: Did I deliberately wait three weeks? I mishandled it. Mea culpa, mea culpa. What more do you want me to say?  God, he's sounding more and more like Lastman every day.  Or at least Jakobek....    Q: Can you elaborate?  [on whether Nunziata thinks that his ethnicity works against him as a result of the power structure in this city.]  A: Geez, you guys really want to ... It's funny, I was asked at the beginning of the campaign by a journalist, "Do you think Toronto is ready for an Italian mayor?" and I laughed. I mean, I saw what happened last week with this situation. There appeared to be a closing of the ranks. I heard the phrase several times about a "powerful family," trying to take on a "powerful family" in Toronto. I was at the Rosedale ratepayers meeting and outside I had a conversation with a judge ... we talked about whether the crowd reflected the new face of Toronto, and it clearly didn't. And I think my comment was that the group in there was in the minority, and he looked at me and shook his head and said, "Yes, but a powerful minority."  This isn't 1930s Toronto here.  This isn't the frickin' Christie Pits riot.  Is Toronto ready for an Italian mayor?  What kind of question is that?    What kind of message is Mr. Nunziata sending by perpetuating the  relevance  of his ethnicity?  Does anyone in this city give a flying rat's ass about whether this guy is of Italian decent or not?  His sister is from the same family and she's been on council for years.  We just had a Jewish man as mayor for the past 2 terms, so should we be nominating ourselves for a Peace Prize because we're so bloody tolerant?  We had two women serve as mayor in back to back terms, so should we be falling over ourselves about how progressive and inclusive we are?  I'm floored.  I think I'm going to go back to bed.   Update: The Star's Royson James examines Nunziata's wandering narraitive in his   column today .  It's a great column, but after Nunziata's comments one has to wonder if Toronto is ready for a "black" columnist....  (Just in case there's any doubt, that comment was intended to be ironic.  God help me, but irony doesn't always translate well in text.)