If you missed it yesterday   John Tory's statement before the   Canadian Club  (the prestigious old boy's hangout, not the rye): "If the police find that there is any evidence that anybody in a position of responsibility in my campaign or me had anything to do with any amount of money being offered or with any appointments being offered, I will step down from the race," So who would be in a "position of responsibility" in Tory's campaign?  A political strategist?  A communications advisor?  A campaign co-chair?  For future reference, here's a list of the close to 40 campaign co-chairs serving on the Tory campaign:  Mark Beckles   CEO, Nelson Mandela Children's Fund (Canada) which raises funds for children's programs in South Africa and increases public awareness of events and conditions in that country.    Rahul Bhardwaj   Member, Executive Committee and Chair, South Asian Community Advisory Committee, United Way of Greater Toronto; Served as a VP, Toronto 2008 Olympic Bid Committee.    Helen Burstyn   Chair, Finance and Economic Affairs Committee, Toronto Board of Trade; Member, Board of Governors, Mount Sinai Hospital; Policy Chair, Ontario Liberal Party election committee.    Barry Campbell   Lawyer, businessman, author; MP (Liberal), St. Paul's riding, 1993-1997; Volunteer experience includes membership on Community Relations Committee, The Canadian Jewish Congress.    Joseph Carnevale   Chair, Toronto Catholic School Board; Former Board Trustee; Former Toronto Regional Director, Liberal Party of Canada and active in York South-Weston Liberal associations.    Diane Chabot   CEO and Chairman, The Mount Pleasant Group, former executive with Bell Canada and Nortel, director of Invest in Kids, a past director of the Arts Foundation of Toronto, the National Museum of Science and Technology, The Canadian Stage Company and the National Screen Institute, and is a past Governor of Ryerson Polytechnic University.    Rosa Chan   Vice President, Scarborough York Region Chinese Business Association; Chair, Chinese Consultative Committee to the Chief of the Toronto Police Service; Director, Scarborough-York Region Chinese Business Association; Board member, YMCA (Toronto)    Gwyneth Chapman   Freelance TV Producer, Host, Reporter, Photo Journalist, Motivational Speaker, Spoken Word Artist and Community Volunteer.    Irene Chu   Director, Urban Alliance on Race Relations; Member of the boards of The Toronto Hospital, Canadian Paraplegic Association; Founding Member, Chinese Canadian National Council.    Michael "Pinball" Clemons   President, Toronto Argonauts Football Club; Three-time Grey Cup champion; Holder of numerous CFL records; Tireless volunteer for many community/charitable causes.    Heather Conway   EVP, Alliance Atlantis Communications Inc.; Board member of Casey House and Board member of Soulpepper Theatre.    Hon. William Davis, P.C., C.C, Q.C   Counsel, Torys Barristers and Solicitors; Premier of Ontario, 1971-1985; MPP (P.C.), 1959-1985.    Hon. Consiglio (Con) Di Nino   Member (P.C.), Senate of Canada; Past President of Canadian Italian Business and Professional Association, of Villa Charities (Toronto) and of Scouts Canada (Toronto).    Peter Dotsikas   Partner, Borenstein, Dotsikas and Price; Former Crown Attorney; Has served as Board member, Hellenic-Canadian Federation of Ontario and as an advisor to the Hellenic Canadian Congress.    Hugh Graham   Senior Manager Commercial Mortgages at Royal Bank, President of the Black Business And Professional Association, director of the Children's Wish Foundation, Chair of the Black Community/Police Advisory Committee and a member of the Chief's Council.    Ruth Grant   Vice Chair, The Hospital for Sick Children; Former Vice Chair, Waterfront Regeneration Trust; Past Chair, the United Way of Greater Toronto.    Charles Harnick   President and CEO, Ontex Resources Limited, Vice Chair, St. John's Rehabilitation Hospital, former MPP, former Attorney General of Ontario and Minister of Responsible for Native Affairs, received the designation of the Queen's Council by the Government of Canada.    Curt Harnett   Member, Canadian Cycling Hall of Fame; Three-time Olympic medallist; Actively working to build sports capacity at the community level through the Sport Alliance of Ontario.    Mitzie Hunter   Vice President, Goodwill Industries; Board member, United Way of Greater Toronto; Past-president, SMART Toronto, an association for high technology industries.    Jan Innes   Board member of the Writers Trust of Canada and of the Blue Jays Charitable Foundation; Liberal Party fundraiser; Vice President, Rogers Communications Inc.    Cynthia Lai   President, Toronto Real Estate Board; Past-president, Chinese Real Estate Professionals Society of Ontario.    Stephen LeDrew   President, Liberal Party of Canada; Senior Partner, LeDrew, Laishley, Reed LLP.    Audrey Loeb   Professor at Ryerson University School of Business Management, Consultant with the Miller Thomson LLP, member of the Board of Directors of the Princess Margaret Hospital Foundation and chair of the Weekend to End Breast Cancer.    Jill McAlpine   A consultant in PricewaterhouseCoopers' tax practice, specializing in not-for profit taxation and philanthropic planning, she has played a leadership role in helping to build Community Foundations of Canada and the Toronto Community Foundation, and a active member of the Canadian Association of Gift Planners, as well as the Canadian Center for Philanthropy.    Bahadur Madhani   Community activist/entrepreneur; Memberships include Executive Committee, ROM Board; Vice-Chair, YMCA (Greater Toronto); Past Chair, United Way of Greater Toronto.    Bill Marshall   Founder, Toronto International Film Festival; Held senior management roles in six winning election campaigns for Mayors Crombie, Sewell and Eggleton (1972-86)    Marnie McBean   Winner of 12 medals in Olympic and world championship rowing competition; National spokesperson, Kids Help Phone; Advocate for community and school swimming pools.    Marcia McClung   Entrepreneur; Volunteer with Arts Toronto, Toronto Community Foundation, Toronto Entertainment District Association, Sunnybrook and Women's College Health Sciences Centre.    Bill McCormack   Former Police Chief Bill McCormack has had a highly decorated and successful 35-year career with the Metropolitan Toronto Police Force, including as Chief of Police from 1989 to 1995.    Hon. Barbara McDougall   President, Canadian Institute of International Affairs; MP (P.C.), member of Cabinet, 1984-1993; Founding Chair, Patron's Council, Toronto Association for Community Living.    Mark Persaud   Lawyer, long-time community activist and chair of the Canadian International Peace Project, Candidate, National Executive, Liberal Party of Canada - Chair, Standing Committee on Multiculturalism.    Hon. David Peterson, P.C., Q.C.   Senior partner, Cassels Brock & Blackwell LLP; First elected MPP (Liberal) in 1975; served as Premier of Ontario, 1985-1990.    Jack Prazeres   President, Trican Masonry; Publisher, The Portuguese Post; President, The Portuguese Disabled Persons Building Fund.    Rod Phillips   Member, Business and Economic Roundtable on Mental Health; Director, Toronto Community Foundation; President and CEO, Warren Shepell Consultants Corp.    Andy Pringle   President, Canadian Foundation for Aids Research (CANFAR); Previously Managing Director, RBC Dominion Securities.    Charles Sousa   Past President, Federation of Portuguese Canadian Business and Professionals; Vice-President, RBC Financial Group.    Liberty Silver   A musical treasure who makes Toronto her home but for whom the world is her stage, she has won, two time Juno award winning singer, five time Black Music Award winner, she established SAFE, a non-profit organization which stands for Sports Arts Focus and Education for youth in Crisis.    Helga Stephenson   Long-active, honoured participant in Toronto's arts community; Former Executive Director, Toronto International Film Festival; Recipient, Women Who Make a Difference Award.    ki-Hun Yi   LPresident, Korean Canadian Association, owner of Munami Sports, member of the Toronto 2008 Olympic Committee, former member of the Advisory Committee to the Minister of Multiculturalism. So, if any one of these individuals is implicated in the "bribery" scandal with the other John, then Tory says he'll step down.  Is anyone taking bets?