Poll Results Today   Miller has popped out ahead of the decided vote.  Asked "If the municipal election were held today, which ONE of the following would you vote for as mayor of Toronto?", the decided voters (71% of those polled)  31% said Miller  29% said Hall  23% said Tory, and...  11% said Nunziata  2% said Jakobek  4% said someone other then the top 5  A whopping 29% of those polled haven't made up thier minds yet.  Here's the   Environics release , and here is the text:  Miller pulls ahead of Hall in Toronto Mayor's Race       With 31 percent of decided voters saying they'll vote for Miller, Barbara     Hall's early lead has gone - John Tory remains in third place      TORONTO, Oct. 21 /CNW/ - The results of the latest Environics poll shows that David Miller has edged out Barbara Hall in the race to be Toronto's next mayor. If the municipal election were held today, 31 percent of decided voters would cast their ballot for David Miller, 29 percent would vote for Barbara Hall, and 23 percent would choose John Tory. John Nunziata is a distant fourth, at 11 percent of decided voters, and Tom Jakobek is barely still in the race, with just two percent of the decided vote. Four percent mention other names.      "Clearly, David Miller is the candidate with the most momentum," said Jane Armstrong, Senior Vice President at Environics Research Group. "When we last asked about support for these candidates, Barbara Hall had a commanding lead and David Miller, John Tory and John Nunziata shared a distant second place. However, the race is not over yet. The gap between Mr. Miller and Ms. Hall is still within the margin of error and 24 percent of Toronto residents are still undecided as to whom they would support."      Ms. Armstrong went on to say David Miller's support does seem to be firmer than that expressed for Ms. Hall - his supporters are more likely than are hers to say they are totally certain of their decision and he has a wider lead among those who say they are very likely to vote on November 10. At the same time, however, about half of all decided voters say they are still considering other candidates. Environics' results also indicate that this past Sunday's televised debate among the four leading candidates did little to shift votes in any one direction or to solidify votes for any one candidate.      The above results are based on a survey conducted by telephone between October 17 and 20, among a probability sample of 700 adult residents (aged 18 or older) of the City of Toronto. The sample, which was stratified by gender, is estimated to be accurate within 3.7 percentage points, 19 times out of 20.      The question asked was:     If the municipal election were held today, which ONE of the following would you vote for as mayor of Toronto? READ AND ROTATE David Miller ...Barbara Hall ...Tom Jakobek ...John Tory ...John Nunziata There are still 20 sleeps until voting day.