Mr. Kinsella   To his credit, Warren Kinsella does not sleep.    Kinsella, who some of you will recall was at the centre of the Joe Carnevalle "rip up your Liberal membership card" media fodder during the provincial campaign in September.  By my calculations Kinsella finished his work on the McGuinty rise to power, had two working days off, and then joined the John Tory camp as a communications advisor.  You can follow Kinsella's comments about Tory's effort on his website under "  musings ".  It may very well have been Kinsella who phrased Tory's arc for Miller's jugular on the toll-roads story earlier today:  Toronto, October 17, 2003  - Veteran NDP politician David Miller knows he's in trouble following yesterday's revelation that he'd slap tolls on the Gardiner Expressway and the Don Valley Parkway. His solution? Blame the media.   In a statement Miller's mayoralty campaign released a few minutes ago, the long-time tax-and-spender attacked the media for having "mischaracterized" his wacky $1200-per-driver highway robbery scheme. Said Miller, sounding increasingly desperate: "[The media] have stated that I support tolls. That is false."  Wrong, David. It isn't false at all. You're playing fast and loose with the facts - just like you play fast and loose with taxpayers' hard-earned dollars.  Proof is found in David's revealing performance on radio station CFRB this morning. While being interviewed by Bill Carroll, Miller was repeatedly asked whether he would take the opportunity - then and there - to withdraw his support for tolls on the Gardiner and the DVP. Each time, Miller refused. Said he: "I think you have to be honest with people. There aren't very many options if people don't fund public transit."  No option, David? You have an option, sir. Just say NO to tolls on the DVP and the Gardiner.  The highway robbery controversy erupted yesterday when Miller unveiled his voodoo economics plan, and had the following exchange with reporters:   Miller : "...if we do not get a new deal that fully funds transit, I WOULD CONSIDER TOLLS."   Reporter : "On existing roads?"   Miller : "ON THE GARDINER AND THE DON VALLEY."  David Miller: an old-style, tax-and-spend NDP politician. John Tory: the man of action for a city that needs it.