Pesticides.  Again.   I forgot to mention one of the anti-pesticide-ban protest slogans from yesterday's demonstration in Nathan Phillip Square: "Our Lawns, Our Choice".  Seemingly a slant on the abortion slogan "Our Bodies, Our Choice".  Does anyone else think the individual rights movement has gone a little too far here?  Smoking is banned in public spaces.  Why?  Because an individual's right to smoke, is negated (or over ruled) by the public's right to not ingest second hand smoke.  The whole notion of "banning" smoking hinges on the argument that second hand smoke is a cause of cancer, and an individual who is smoking is then infringing on another individual who chooses NOT to smoke.  Back to pesticides.  An individual home owner's right to use pesticides on his property, would be over ruled, by the public's right to have an environment free from persistant chemicals.  Right?    So where does "Our Lawns, Our Choice" come in?  The whole notion of banning pesticides hinges on the fact that someone  else's  lawn, drinking water, pets, body fat, may be affected by your decision to use pesticides.  If it is decided that pesticides are environmentally persistant (that is they are chemicals that are not metabolized and therefore stay in the food chain), then there is motivation to ban.  It is no longer just an individual choice to use pesticides, because your individual choice infringes on my health.  Your right to swing your arms ends when your fist touches my nose.  Here's another piece to the puzzle:  Yesterday while observing the protest I saw what everyone else saw.  A big circle of people walking around, chanting slogans, wearing identical t-shirts that sported their message.  What most people  didn't  see, were the jackets and hats that were in various piles around the circle.  Jackets and hats that said "Green Machine" and "Weed Man".  Jackets and hats, that were taken off prior to the protest, and prior to the protest moving into the City Council Chamber.  So "Our Lawns" quickly becomes "Our Client's Lawns"; And "Our Choice" quickly becomes "Our Client's Decision to Contract Us to Spray Their Lawns".  Not as catchy of a slogan.  Certainly one that doesn't tug at the heartstrings of people who can identify with their cause.  Why the deception though?  Why wouldn't lawncare companies simply come out and say: "A decision to ban cosmetic use of pesticides would adversely affect our business".  Why would they pose as home owners?  Council wraps up tomorrow.  Ban or no ban.