It's down to two   Folks I'm going to do something uncharacteristic here, so purists and rational consistency nerds better cover their eyes.  Here's the mayor's job as I see it:  Build a platform of your position on current issues, and defend it for 3 months prior to election day.  Compare and contrast your opinions to those of your opponents.  Get elected  Examine the new council and see who's values and ideals match yours closely, and fill committees and various posts with those councilors.  (Posts like "Works Committee Chair" or "TTC Chair" or "Budget Chief").  Chair council and committee meetings  Speak on behalf of council and the City to the media and to the world  I don't really see the mayor's job as being much more then that.  Proclamations, announcements, leadership in a crisis, and welcoming dignitaries are pretty much the day-to-day.  The part of the job that we're watching now, the campaigning, is very very important because it lets us choose who's "vision" for Toronto most closely matches our own.  After election day, after the committees are set with like minded councilors, then we're back to smile-and-wave-for-the-cameras.  Which brings me to last night's Toronto Environmental Alliance (TEA) debate at the Great Hall on Queen West.  Hall started by announcing her solemn pledge to not support any further development on the Toronto island, in her halting, broken style of speech.  She stumbled through her questions, avoiding answering anything, adding buzzwords like "work with council", "prioritize", and "New Deal", before ending her statements.  It hit me like a ton of bricks.  Hall speaks just like Lastman.  When she has a speech or statement typed out in front of her she reads it but it's never clear if she knows what she's saying.  Like Lastman she includes faux passion with every statement she makes, starting out by shouting "We must..." or "This City needs..." and trailing off before remembering what it was we must do, or what we need.    That alone is annoying, but when it comes to a question that she must formulate an answer for, it's like listening to someone read randomly from a dictionary.  Barbara Hall cannot think on her feet, she cannot be put on the spot, and as such she can't perform well in front of the media.  What a glorious train wreck it will be when Adam Vaughn interviews Hall on an issue that she doesn't know much about.  We may even get some tears out of it.  She gets flustered, she stammers and she can't put a sentence together under pressure.  It was such a stark contrast between Hall and Tory, or Hall and Miller.  Hall's broken, stumbling speech was followed by a clear well paced statement from Tory that included refutation of Hall's comments and promotion of his own ideas.  At times Miller and Tory wouldn't even acknowledge Hall's non-answer to a question, and would simply carry the debate on their own shoulders, barbing back and forth and even getting genuine laughs from the audience.  My point here is that the next mayor of this City must carry on Toronto's image to the world.  The SARS crisis brought CNN trucks to our streets for the first time in years.  We became a laughing stock when Lastman bumbled his way through press conferences, publicly noting that he'd never heard of the World Health Organization.  Do we want to elect someone exactly like that again?  Do we want to put Barbara Hall in front of the cameras as the representative of the largest City in Canada?  Miller and Tory are both articulate and they can form novel answers from spontaneous questions.  It's a skill, and it's a skill that Barbara Hall has not demonstrated.  On style alone I'd pick  anyone  over Barbara Hall.  Even Jak.