Bags and Brooms   From Jak's   garbage platform : We need to re-design our system, regardless of who picks up the garbage, and get rid of our antiquated system of collection. If some of our systems are antiquated, so is some of our thinking. We need better management practices and my plan gets us there. Followed closely by: This City has lost the touch of good old-fashioned sweeping. Brooms have been replaced with sweeping machines. These machines do not have the finesse of an individual with a broom and often miss key parts of our City. Motorized sweepers are limited as to when and where they can be operated. A person with a broom can work anywhere, anytime. Now I don't want to get into a whole rational consistency thing here....  The policy first claims that curbside recycling (the blue and grey boxes filled with recyclables) is an antiquated system and should be eliminated.  Recyclables will be picked out of the waste stream at a central recycling facility.  Instead of you sorting out your recyclables and packing similar materials same truck, Mr. Jakobek will pack all waste into a single truck, and let a staff of processors (who "would kill to get one of those jobs") sift through your garbage.  They'd dig around and pull out cans and bottles and paper and organics, and all other compostable or recyclable objects.  Since Mr. Jakobek refuses to consider incineration as an option, the remaining material will be landfilled in "existing landfill space".  Mr. Jakobek doesn't mention where that landfill space is, but it certainly won't be in Michigan.  Bringing up the rear on his garbage plank is litter.  Jak says he'll hire 5000 students to be "environmentalists" (presumably summer students, and therefore, we would have a spanky clean city 3 months of the year).  They'll patrol parks and ravines and pick up litter and junk.  Jak will hire 88 litter pickers who will work exclusively with bags and brooms.  He'll hire them because they're not part of an antiquated system,   representative of our antiquated thinking .