Found Objects   Items to consider this morning.  The following is text taken from a publication called "  How to Read the Daily Racing Form ".  The site which published the booklet is not a racing site, or a handicapper's resource, but rather a company called Carlson Online Design.  The opening text outlines the author's choice of subject and form.  There's something deeply convincing about this argument that I can't put my finger on.  Suffice to say, if I need a manual written, I'm going straight to Carlson Online Design. This document is intended to provide the reader with a brief example of my writing skills.  Many readers will be unfamiliar with the information contained in the Daily Racing Form. That is the primary reason I have selected it as the subject of my manual.  Because this document is intended solely as a writing sample, it has some unique qualities.  Incorporates the components of a typical policy and procedures manual in a small amount of space.  Shows my ability to organize any type of information.  Displays a format that I have designed specifically for this purpose.  Respects the confidentiality of material I have developed for previous employers.  Presents information for an audience with diverse backgrounds.   Our next item comes from a self-published book of menopausal poetry called "Carole's Secret Garden of Rhymes Volume 3" by Carole Kerr-Iacobucci.  The poet appears to be a woman from Smith Falls who has published at least 3 volumes of poetry.  In the forward, the publisher notes that writing is like therapy for this, and many, writers and poets.  He notes that Ms. Kerr-Iacobucci's poetry in particular is very personal, and reading it is like reading a diary of intimate thoughts and feelings.  Here now is "All Tickety-Boo" by Carole Kerr-Iacobucci:   All Tickety - Boo   The minute I opened my eyes, I knew that something Terrible had happened. My eyes felt heavy, As though I'd been crying and my body ached. I lingered in that comatose state Between sleep and waking, Trying to forestall the dreaded knowledge As long as possible.  I pulled the covers up to my chin, and looked at the clock On the Colonial night stand. It was seven-thirty, time to get up, Put the kettle on, brush my teeth, do my exercises... Gary's face came into view. I now remembered the terrible Thing that had happened, Gary had died, leaving us to grieve. I frowned thinking of the Days ahead.  Then I remembered That Gary was in heaven with God where everything is All Tickety-boo.