Royson James     The Star's City columnist  boils the field of 44 candidates down to 3.  Hall, Miller and Tory are the names that James believes make up the viable candidates for the 10th of November. Miller, Hall and Tory have strengths and weaknesses that will be exposed in the crucible of a campaign ?&#151; especially in the next three weeks as the attacks intensify at mayoral debates. Each defy stereotype, so voters looking for easy answers will be frustrated. Good point.  There's no easy answer for the top job.  Last time round the top three were: Mel, a Stoner, and a Transvestite.  This time round the top three are all lawyers.  Lesser of 6 evils I guess...  Who will work best with council?  Miller and Hall both have council experience, and reputations built on consensus.  One has "mega city" experience but should that really be a deciding characteristic.  Miller and Tory have spelled out their platforms in great detail, while Hall has lagged, producing platform planks it seems, only when others have shown their stance on the issues.    Tory has a plan for garbage, but is it the right plan?  Can he work in a council environment, and not simply get his way, a luxury reserved for CEOs and not mayors.  Hall has the experience, but does "old Toronto" leadership compare to "new Toronto" leadership.  And what of leadership in general?  Will we allow the notoriously boring Hall serve as our spokesperson to the world?  Miller, like Layton, served as the automatic "voice of opposition" for just about anything council did while he was in office.  He is an eloquent speaker, and puts forth powerful arguments for his interests.  Will he serve as well in the top job, where he will be called upon to represent  both  sides of any given issue?  The choice isn't easy, and I'd argue, a deeply personal one.  The candidates themselves (the 3 that James identifies) differ on so many issues.  This is an amazing campaign to watch simply for that fact alone.  This isn't a "Jack Johnson vs. John Jackson" campaign where identical platforms and candidates differ on minutia.  This is a very real, very difficult choice for some people, and shouldn't simply come down to "Well she was mayor before wasn't she?"