The Geeks are Giggling   John Tory has a favorite word in this campaign: "Dithering".  He's used it hundreds of times in press releases, policy statements and on stage.  He usually uses it when he points to Barbara Hall (during her time as Mayor) or when he speaks of the previous two councils.   "After years of dithering at City Hall".  "Barbara Hall's dithering on the issue of homelessness caused two homeless men to freeze to death on our streets, while she was mayor"  "After years of dithering and delay, Toronto has still not figured out how to dispose of its garbage."  Things along those lines.  Dithering, according do the   Merriam-Webster  dictionary, is "to shiver or to tremble" or "to act nervously or indecisively".  Dithering according to   whatis.com  (a tech dictionary of sorts) is defined a little differently: dithering  Dithering is the attempt by a computer program to approximate a color from a mixture of other colors when the required color is not available. For example, dithering occurs when a color is specified for a Web page that a browser on a particular operating system can't support. The browser will then attempt to replace the requested color with an approximation composed of two or more other colors it can produce. The result may or may not be acceptable to the graphic designer. It may also appear somewhat grainy since it's composed of different pixel intensities rather than a single intensity over the colored space.   Dithering also occurs when a display monitor attempts to display images specified with more colors than the monitor is equipped to handle.   Dithering is rather easy to confuse with antialiasing. I'd say dithering is rather easy to confuse in general.  So come clean Mr. Tory.  Tell us what you mean!  Are you suggesting that City Hall has acted nervously and indecisively over the past 8 years?!  Or are you suggesting Sir, that City Hall has attempted to approximate a colour from a mixture of other colours when the required colour is not available?!  The voters of this City want, nay,  demand  that you clarify your position.