Miller picks up the pieces   David Miller has announced his plan for a "Clean City".  The plan has the usual aspects:  Advisory group made up of reps from all areas of the City (TABIA, TDSB, Citizens, Staff, etc)  Quick response phone number (like say...39-CLEAN)  Deposit returns on soft drink bottles (Which the Province would have to agree to)  Annual liter audits  And continuation of existing initiatives (like Adopt-a-Bin for BIAs)  His final statement is encouraging We can't let Toronto get dirtier and shabbier in order to keep spending down. It's a false economy. The Mayor and the new Council need to increase the energy, effort and resources we devote to keeping our city clean. We need to have effective and sustainable services in place. Our economy depends on it and our pride in our city depends on it. I promise that I will make sure we have a 'Clean Toronto' a Toronto we can show off proudly to the world. What's different about the Miller plan is the students.  Tory says he'll hire 1500 students each summer to flesh out the litter-picker ranks (those guys in the bright yellow shirts).    Jak says he'll hire 5000  students every summer.  Miller steps back from the extra hiring and suggests that we can do it better with the current resources.  Babs is in on the litter bandwagon as well.  Her plan is to, in part, encourage Torontonians to actually use litter bins instead of throwing garbage on the ground and then complaining that the City is dirty.  She's behind a single department for litter responsibility (the problem is briefly   outlined here ), and will also "urge" the Province to institute a bottle return policy.  We've chatted about   John Tory's  plan in   previous posts .  Jak and the Nun haven't filled us in on their litter proposals quite yet.  Most of the candidates call for better  enforcement  of the $305 littering fine, but none really mention how that will happen.  Will they have by-law officers patrolling the streets looking for litter bugs?  When a by-law officer witnesses an offence, what then?  What if the individual decides to not provide identification to the by-law officer?    On a similar topic, Tory has released his plan for what to do with the litter, and the   rest of our garbage , once it's off the ground.  Hopefully I'll write more about it later.