Yeah but, who are you voting for?   0k ok.  I started this campaign displeased with the Torys.  I don't believe that giving tax cuts to corporations will stimulate the economy.  I view that as a throw back to voodoo economics (Reganomics in the 80s), and I don't buy into the idea that helping corporations flourish actually translates to those corporations hiring more, and making more jobs.  I believe that government has a role to play in our lives, and part of that role is to provide and preserve services like health care, education, and social assistance.  I also believe that government cannot do all of those things alone, and that ballancing government provided services with privately provided services is a fine line to walk but is better in the long run.  Government cannot rely on its own agencies to spend tax money wisely.  It must regulate and control, encourage and sometimes force, those agencies to be efficient and reduce wasted spending.  But simply pitting one group against another (like unions and management) and forcing them to come to a conclusion isn't the best way to acheive those goals.  The Liberals urked me during the campaign.  I still think McGuinty is a bit of a tool in front of the camera.  The Liberals constantly used strange numbers (like assuming a 5% growth statistic, when the PCs used 3% growth) on which to base their financial figures.  God help us all if those assumptions turn out to be overestimated.  I had not considered the NDPs until the campaign swung completely towards the Liberals.  In my riding I'm not a fan of the incumbant MPP, Marilyn Churley (NDP) who cried and cried that the City of Toronto was trying to "ram through" an incinerator in a "back room deal".  It was a complete lie, and most of the media bought it as fact.  It didn't help the currently on going discussions around new and emerging technology for waste disposal, and it set a generally uninformed public against the City, so (in my opinion) she could get her name in the papers.  But with a massive Liberal majority set to take the stage this evening, I believe I will vote NDP to, as my girlfriend eleoquently phrased, "spread the love around".  Huge majorities, like the one being predicted, aren't always the best way to run a government, and a strong opposition is what democracy is all about.  So.  In answer to your question: I will be voting for NDP candidate for Toronto-Danforth, Marilyn Churley.  You may adjust your votes accordingly.