Why I love living in the city   At one time in my life, I lived in the country.  My home town was Millgrove, just north of Hamilton, Ontario.  There were no bars and for a long time, no cable news.  Tonight, after getting home from work, I watched CNN's ongoing (6 hour) coverage of Michael Jackson's arrest and bail.    When I first got home CNN showed a helicopter feed of Jacko's SUV drive from the Santa Barbara.  Anchors interviewed Jermaine Jackson, Latoya Jackson's ex, and the rest of the cast, about their reactions to MJ's arrest, bail, and trip back to Las Vegas.  I watched a black SUV drive slowly along California freeways, and eventually his warm welcome from anonymous fans on the Vegas strip.  Hours and hours of coverage, reaction, pundentry, and interviews.  Oh yeah, and there was a terrorist bombing in Turkey, committed by the same organization who flew two planes into the World Trade Centre, but who cares about that?  I mean...it's in Turkey for Christ sake!  A country who didn't have the common decency to allow American and British forces to use their soil as a base for attacking Iraq.  CNN decided to show    this major story   as a side note to the drama unfolding in California.  Quality, quality editorial content.  A nation, engulfed in it's own personal War on Terror, chose to completely ignore this major terrorist event in favour of, alternately, a pop singing peterast's arrest and the 40th anniversary of the assassination of one of it's former presidents.  To escape this insanity I did some spreadsheet work, and then headed downstairs to enjoy a pint in the bar just below my apartment.  And here, is why I love living in Toronto.  Instead of the usual televised offering of SportsNet, or CP24, my local establishment was showing....  The Producers .  For an hour and a half (and three pints of Creemore Springs) I was able to forget about our neighbour to the south, and watch some of the funniest shit I've ever seen.  Zero Mostel, Gene Wilder and   Dick "Inventor of the High Five" Shawn  had me laughing loud amongst the aging alcoholics and cougars.  God help me, I had a really really good time.  I am so privileged to be living in a city, where I can watch a classic movie in a bar, have a few laughs with some strangers, and forget about the embarassing state of the world.  God love it, but Millgrove was never this fun.