Yeah but, who are you voting for?   I don't think anyone should care who I'm voting for, but I might as well lay my cards out for you all.  I live in Ward 30 (Riverdale South) so I don't even have an incumbent to evaluate.  I've got 8 candidates for councilor to choose from and the same slate of mayoral choices that everyone else has.  I don't think I'm a "one issue" guy but I do feel strongly about garbage and recycling in this City.  Tory swooned me with his suggestion (and balls to suggest openly) an incinerator to deal with the portion of the waste stream that can't be recycled.  Hall basically said "just recycle more and it will go away" a statement that's always confused me.  Miller, in a number of debates, has indicated that he'll push for more recycling, and more diversion (including support for organics diversion in apartment buildings) and when we've diverted all we can, he'll look at other new and emerging technologies  other  then incineration.  My fear is that a Tory led council will push for an environmental assessment for an incinerator far too early, and give us less reason to work with the recycling programs.  I see this as the same argument against Adam's Mine:  If we get another landfill, then we'll use it.  There would be no reason for anyone to put any effort into recycling and diversion, if everyone knows there's a bottomless pit to throw it all into.  I believe that Miller will agressivly push recycling and diversion and as a "final step" will start the process to evaluate and approve a cleaner solution then burning.  Generally I believe that city services should remain firmly within the city.  Garbage, water, transit, purchasing, etc.  No one should be making a profit off of the services we use and depend on.  For me, as soon as someone else's hand is in the pot, that's just less money to spend on the job we need done.  I have a difficult time believing that a company will provide altruistic service for it's employer just because they want to do a good job.  I believe that David Miller will protect and preserve city services.  Other people have said it better then I have, but I think the statement goes:  Either Miller or Tory will be a huge step up from what we just had in the Mayor's Office, so either way Toronto wins.  I have to agree with that.  My vote will go for Miller, but if Tory pulls through I still think the city will benefit.  As for my choice for councilor in my ward,   Paula Fletcher  has packaged herself with Miller, but I don't think I'll be voting for her.    Chris Phibbs  has been Kyle Rae's executive assistant for 11 years, so she's always been in there supporting a councilor, but never actually getting to make the decisions.  I know that if I were in her position, I'd be chomping at the bit to make a break into politics and get a shot at running the show.  I'd see her first term on council as an author's first novel.  She's been working on her ideas and her strategies for years, and I'd like to give her a shot in the council seat.  There you have it, for what it's worth.  You may adjust your votes accordingly.