In which the author makes yet another startling admission   The only television program I watch with any regularity these days is.....Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.  I'll give you a minute to get up off the floor.  It's not like I don't watch anything else on TV, but over the last few weeks I've actually caught myself, on Sunday nights saying "Oh wait, what time is it?  8:00?  Queer Eye is on."  This behaviour is out of character because when I'm watching television on my own, I generally refuse to watch:   Reality, or Reality-based shows  Improvement Shows (a la Trading Spaces)  Makeover shows  "New" television shows  I'll clarify that last one.  TV these days kind of sucks, so I spend most of my time watching either old shows that are in syndication, movies, or whatever is on the History channel.  There's just something about Queer Eye for the Straight Guy.  The first 10 minutes of each episode is by far the best.  I love watching these 5 men burst into "some guy's" apartment and completely destroy the place.  I love hearing that condescending tone that only gay men have perfected: "Please don't tell me you actually wear this...." and "Your bathroom is disgusting, how can you possibly live like this?"  Don't take me wrong:  I know that  all  gay men aren't like this.  I know that all of it is arranged ahead of time.  I know that the show drips with stereotypes, both positive and negative.  But, and here's the really shocking part, I'm actually learning something from watching it.  A few years ago I lived with 3 other guys.  One of my roommates would come home from an evening with friends at a bar and tell us that "I had a guy hitting on me all night."  He'd describe how a nervous man would follow him around the bar, trying to strike up a conversation, or ask for his number, or try to buy him a drink.  It didn't just happen once......  I asked my girlfriend "Why do men hit on him all the time?  Why have I never been hit on by another guy?"  She looked sheepish, blushed a little, and finally said "I'll tell you, but I don't think you are going to like the answer."  She took a few seconds to sugar coat her words, and then said "Gay men, are usually a little more concerned with.....grooming, and appearance.  You are not."  So, here now, are some grooming tips from the Queer Eye for the Straight Guy website.  I've already started to work the product into my hair from the back.  The Straight Tips    A baggy look is acceptable, but you'll look like a trash bag if you're pants balloon to clown size.  Your skills at matching colours in kindergarten can still be used today. Black belt. Black shoes. Now you, try.  It's okay to wear jeans and a t-shirt every day of the week. Just not the same ones.  Caesar haircuts are out. There's a reason Brutus had him killed. Et tu unfashionable?  The messy look is just that - a look. Hair needs to be washed.  Men, "moisturizer" is not a dirty word.  If you have to unscrew it then don't serve it. That wine is no good.  Don't skip the tip. It's not your place to punish the waiter for less than perfect service.  Read. Anything. It makes conversation less excruciating if you can talk about more than sports or Wild On.....  Good art is good anywhere. Even in the bathroom.  Candles are not just for birthday cakes. They're perfect for romance and for bad smells.  Don't be afraid to dress up. If you're going some place trendy with your lady, dress the part.