A little story about your blue box   The blue box you put by the curb, not the other   blue box .  Yesterday the Provincial government announced that a plan to fund 50% of municipal curbside recycling programs (the blue and grey boxes) using money from companies who make products that go in those boxes.  Through Stewardship Ontario (an industry organization), manufacturers and brand owners will contribute money to Waste Diversion Ontario (WDO, a Provincial agency), which will distribute the money to municipalities to help them offset the cost of curbside recycling programs.  Let's pick a company that produces products that end up in the municipal recycling stream.  Let's say...Coca Cola Bottling (only an example, I have no idea if they qualify).  Stewardship Ontario has provided   a chart (PDF)  to help that company determine if it is obligated to contribute money towards municipal blue box funding.  I'd say that Coke would answer "yes" to all those questions, and would therefore contribute money to WDO.  It's a huge step forward for municipalities who face the decision to cut, or cut back on, expensive recycling programs.  And let's not beat around the bush here...  In municipalities outside of Toronto (places that actually have active, partially full landfills) it is  so  much cheaper to bury everything, then to collect it separately (in separate trucks, and sometimes on separate days) and process it.  Famously   one municipality chose to suspend it's blue box program  outright, simply because it cost too much.    Recycling programs are supposed to "make money" because the recovered material can be sold back to industry to process into new material.  But when every municipality with a blue box program is trying to sell massive amounts of similar material to industry and processors, then market forces tend to take over.  It's a supply and demand thing, so when there's "  no market for green glass " then no one will buy it and municipalities can't get rid of it.  Municipalities like Toronto don't stop collecting certain parts of the blue box program simply because of lack of market demand, so they're left on the hook for the collection and disposal of unwanted recyclable material.  Enter the roles and responsibilities of  all  the players in the municipal recycling game: Municipalities, the Province, Business and Manufacturers.  This step essentially acknowledges that business has a responsibility for the end-life of their products, and that that end-life cannot be dealt with using property taxes alone.  50% of the net cost of curbside recycling programs is a lot of money.  And while no one was expecting dancing in the streets, a little more notice of the announcement would have been nice, especially during this climate of inter-governmental love.  There were two news stories acknowledging this bump in funding to municipal recycling.    Here , and   here .  And if you count it,   here .