King Street Car Work   Mr. James Bow writes this on   Transit Toronto :  Delays Hit King Street Bridgework   A reader sends up this heads-up: "The City's contractor for the work associated with the lowering of the roadway surface underneath the Atlantic Overpass (King Street Closure - Shaw to Dufferin) is 3 weeks behind schedule and has hit another road block: that being an active sewer line that was discovered where according to project plans, none existed. As a result, additional work involving the lowering of the sewer is required, prior to the actual lowering of the road base can commence. This delay will require a continuance of the diversionary routings being utilized by streetcars that normally operate over King St. W., between Dufferin St. and Shaw St. until further notice.  The new tentative completion date for this phase of the King St. W. streetcar track reconstruction project is scheduled for 5:00 a.m. on Sunday, December 14. As a result, streetcars operating on the 504 King & 508 Lake Shore routes are to continue operating on their current diversionary routings. In addition, streetcars operating on the 509 Harbourfront, 511 Bathurst & 512 St. Clair routes will also be required to operate on their assigned diversionary routings upon entering \ exiting service until the project's completion. I know it's tough to get free TTC info like this but it's a huge help when planning your life around your metropass.  Like last night for example...  Quarter to 5:00 and I head for the Dundas subway station, only to be turned back by a security guard who said only "You can't go in there.  They've shut it down."  Right.  What shall we call this one?  An 'electrical problem'?  A 'medical emergency'?  When an entire subway line is shut down at rush hour, and shuttle busses run between stations along Yonge, and there is no explanation on the news, or even reported in the papers the next day....then yes.  It's a suicide.  Merry Christmas in the TTC.  There have been major problems on the TTC every day this week.  Monday there was a 'police incident' at Spadina, and someone 'smelled smoke' at King.  Tuesday shuttle busses ran between Keele and Kippling because of a 'problem' at Jane station.  Wednesday morning there was an 'electrical outage' at Bathurst Station.  And finally yesterday there was a morning problem at Ossington (a co-worker was turned away at the door to the station), and at Dundas in the evening.  God willing there will be nothing this evening and I can get home without hoofing it up Yonge.  This alert reader of the Sun complains about the service: TTC THE better way? No way! Early Thursday morning, while getting ready for work, I was watching CP24 and they mentioned a delay at Ossington Station. I left half an hour early in order to get to work on time. During this "delay" the speakers on the trains and platforms were not working so there was no way to know what was going on. Then, another delay, this time at Kennedy station. No announcements or anything. A normal 45 minute ride took me almost 2 hours. Now I hear that our "Fiberal" government is not going to keep their promise of allocating a portion of the gas tax for public transportation. The TTC desperately needs this money to fix problems and increase service on the system. Shall I get ready for more delays - or should I just bite the bullet and buy a car?   G. Wilson   (Is the expense of a car worth it to have a life?) I doubt the 'Fiberals' can do anything tangible about people tossing themselves in front of speeding subway trains.  I've got to admit, it's pretty tough not to grumble about some guy who 'just couldn't take it anymore' when you've got to walk up to Bloor.  I did my share of cursing, along with the snipits of cellphone conversations that I passed at each subway station:  "...whole Yonge line is closed.  Yeah they said something at Dundas.  Yeah someone jumped...."  "...said there was someone who got hit on the platform.  I saw ambulances and stuff down there...."  "...can't get in.  They won't let anyone into the stations and they won't say what happened...."  That's probably the most frustrating part.  There were hundreds of people walking up Yonge last night, cabs occupied, busses packed, news choppers hovering overhead.  It was exactly like the power outage this summer.  Except when I got home in August I could turn on the radio and hear what happened.  NO explanation last night.  I get the reason.  I understand that when suicides are reported in the news, it encourages more suicides.  I even remember a few summers ago when 680 news reported that a suicide had shut down the Bloor line all morning.  The news director had to respond to massive backlash from the TTC, social workers, and the public on the air by saying "While we don't normally report suicides, we decided to report this one because it affected so many people's commutes" (It's not a real quote, but it's the gist of what he said).  I guess I'm just hoping for some kind of reporting system from the TTC, and maybe "Transit Toronto" is a good place to start.  Radio news reports TTC conditions sporadically, if at all, and there is NO other source of info, save sitting on the platform and listening to the "Attention passengers on the Bloor/Danforth line...." announcements that come on during delays.  I'd like a site to check, or a number to call to find out what the extent of the delay is.  Just let me know if its going to be 5 minutes or 30 minutes.  No one needs to know why.