National Post vs. CBC   From an editorial in the   Post today : To summarize, here are the impressions a casual viewer might have taken from Monday night's CBC news: (1) Iraqis still love Saddam, and so his capture has only enraged them; (2) Despite Mr. Bush's "gloating," things will get worse; (3) Saddam's trial will be a propaganda trick engineered to re-elect a Republican president; (4) To the extent Saddam did anything bad, America was the real villain; and (5) Saddam's capture is meaningless anyway because Osama is still on the loose.  That all seems fair, doesn't it? You can really see what CBC News editor-in-chief Tony Burman was talking about when he told National Post readers earlier this year that "informed citizenship benefits from the expression of the fullest range of responsible opinion on important issues, rather than artificially limiting the spectrum of debate to favour one particular perspective."  Sarcasm aside, this is yet another example of left-wing, anti-American bias at the CBC. We remind the network's executives again that the public broadcaster is funded to the tune of $850-million per year by Canadian taxpayers. It should not -- and must not -- serve as a closed-circuit forum for the predictable biases of a tiny clique. So if everyone else reports Saddam's capture as an unquestioned victory in the War on Terror, and everyone else sticks their fingers in their ears and screams that only good will come from Saddam's capture, and the CBC  doesn't  parrot those stories, then the CBC has a left-wing bias.  Yeah, Saddam was a terrible dictator.  Yes the fact that he's out of power is good for human rights, and the individual lives that lived under him.  But for a media organization to trumpet this American victory without acknowledging the "What now?" factors, is simply bad journalism.    The CBC asked questions like "What will happen if Saddam is put on trial publicly" and "Will the US start respecting international law?".  That's journalism.  That's analysis of the situation.  If those questions aren't asked by a publicly funded media outlet, then I'm not getting my dollar's worth.  The author writes: From there, CBC viewers were taken to Kabul to get Afghans' take on Saddam's capture. Why Afghanistan? We haven't the foggiest -- except that the backdrop provided a convenient pretext to remind Canadians that, although Saddam is caught, Osama bin Laden -- who "many argue ... is far more dangerous than the former Iraqi leader" -- is still at large. Where's the bias there?  Isn't Osama bin Laden still at large?  Does the Post know something that the rest of us don't?  If the CBC displayed a left wing bias with the reporting of this story, then isn't the alternative simply shoving fingers in our ears and ignoring plain fact?    "They caught Saddam like the rat he is, and that's all there is to it.  Hooray!  The War on Terror is over and we don't have anything else to worry about."  Is that good journalism?  It's certainly biased journalism.  Maybe not left-wing bias...