A slug   A 21 year old Somaili-born warehouse worker, is accusing the Toronto police of assault.  He claims that, unprovoked, a cop punched him in the face twice; one of which was graphically caught on tape.  CP24 was playing the video over and over last night and you can clearly see Jama Jama getting punched, hard, in the face with a left jab from one of Toronto's finest.  What the tape doesn't show (thanks to the amature video capture) is what happened a few seconds before the punch (which was reportedly, the second punch).  The cop says that Jama Jama shoved him, but makes no mention of the beating which he and fellow officers alegedly administered following the, again "alleged" shove.  From   the Star : The camera momentarily veers away  the person behind the camera appears to duck down  and there are a few seconds where Jama Jama and the officer can't be seen. But a moment later, the tape clearly shows the officer grabbing Jama Jama, throwing him against a car and punching him in the face with his gloved left fist. "This is abhorrent police misconduct," Vaughan said yesterday. So this comes down to 2 seconds that aren't on tape.  It also comes down to whether Jama Jama's injuries (which he claims were from the police beating) were sustained in the parking lot, or during a party that he attended earlier.  The tape in this case was made by some tourists from Ottawa, who began taping an altercation between two groups of men in a Tim Horton's parking lot.  Here's the really wild thing:    The community's voice  is growing louder over the issue of racial profiling by Toronto police.  Fantino says he is sick of hearing it, and he's sick of not getting the co-operation he needs from the community to solve crimes.    So if this video tape is effective in proving police brutality against this visible minority...then what?  Will entire ethnic groups carry video cameras to videotape on the off chance that they encounter law enforcement?  Will the City still pay   $2.7M to install video cameras  in police cars if everyone is already taping on their own?  Will gangs carry video cameras?  Will there be an entire video library of evidence, both for and against the police?  There are greater implications here and I wonder if it will work out well for both sides.