Take the red pill and see the world in black and white   Seems shades of grey make Ms. Levy from the Sun go cross-eyed.  Do we really have to reduce every issue to left and right in  this  country too?  Do we really have to assign a slant to someone and judge and discredit everything they do and say based on that slant?  Here's a quote from   Sue-Ann's column  this morning On Day One of the new world order at Havana Hall on Queen St. W., I'll grant our socialist mayor one thing.   David Miller knows how to chair a council meeting.   Miller managed to keep tempers in check in a council chamber packed with Islanders armed for battle against the pro-Island airport contingent. A grudging endorsement for a "socialist", from the Sun.  The "Havana Hall" line is just weird, but as she repeats it at the end of her column it seems clear that she's trying to coin a phrase. My left-wing media pals will no doubt be tripping over each other to praise Miller for this very important first win. I can just see the fawning copy about how he kept his campaign promise, mobilized his new council, yada, yada, yada.   But if this is the way Miller intends to run City Hall - ramming vital decisions like this one blindly through council before anyone (councillors and bureaucrats included) could do their homework - this city is in deep doodoo. Yeah, we should really be worried about a politician who did what he said he was going to do.  I'm sure had the vote gone the other way, Levy would be frothing about broken promises from a left wing liar.  Not to worry however, left wingers do exactly the same thing to the right wing.  This morning's   City Hall column  from NOW's Don Wanagas Fortunately, the cream of the right-wing crop seems prepared to work from within the new administration rather than obstruct it just for the sake of being obstructionist.   Too bad the politician who invited Tory to Tuesday's ceremony at 100 Queen West, Denzil Minnan-Wong, appears to be intent on fighting the battles of an often acrimonious campaign over and over again for the next three years.   Even on this largely ceremonial occasion, when other councillors ? including some very dedicated right-wingers with numerous ideological differences with Miller ? were doing their civil best to show some interest in teamwork, Minnan-Wong had to signal that he has no intention of participating. Granted, Wanagas seems to be a lot less seething then Levy, but then maybe that's just because the lefties are finally in office and the Darth Vader-esque right wing corporate backroom dealers have been swept into the gutter.  Sorry.  Got carried away there.