         whats the deal here. Yes i understand people having NOTHING to say... but come on you can always make stuff up no one would know the difference. Great now nodbody will believe any of my stories... I swear my stories are real life facts... none of that "based on a true story" crap.   Im at school right now waiting for my taxi to pick me up. Im going to the doctors office to get an MRI... i will be honest... maybe im stupid but i have NO IDEA what an MRI is.... i just know i am getting one. I am led to believe it is some kind of X-ray...someone tell me if im wrong here. N E way.. that is what my plans for the day are.  I hope i dont have some kind of cartlidge tear or something... surgery is not on my wish list.   Guess what im drinking right now?!?! (dont tell the computer lab watcher guy... im not supposed to have drinks in here) Anyway i have a Gatorade... i hear you all right now saying.."shawna why the hell do i care you are drinking a gatorade?" Well ill tell u why you care... because it was given to me by the CAROLINA PANTHERS! o yeah... its an official carolina panther gatorade.... it doesnt say that but ... it is. It was in their ice cooler and they had some left over so they gave it to me.... i bet all their sweat is on it!! Im gonna sell it on ebay. Although i drank half of it ill say one of the panthers drank it.  Im such a badass. Yeah they also gave me the "head nod" when they passed me in the facility.... they totally want me. its true i could tell... one of them was trying to have eye sex with me but im not abot to give my eye sex virginity up to some random mulimillion dollar football player who probably has eye sex STD's. Eye Sex Whore.  Ok fine. I had eye sex but i was wearing my glasses so it was totally safe. ok fine.. i wasnt wearing my glasses... damnit im such a slut. haha ... anyway i think i talked about eye sex for way too long. My point was that the Panthers gave me gatorade and thats cool therefore I AM COOL. COOLER Than COOL .. im ICE COOOOLD.   Mike and I went to a medditerranian restaurant today called Fadi's .... yes FADI'S .. anyway i have never had medditerranean food... but you know me... im open to anything. YEAH RIGHT. im soo picky its not even funny.  I wanted to be nice though and try it anyway... first of all everything in the buffet looked like regurgitated (sp?) dog food.... But hey dont judge a book by its cover right? So i tried the food and the bread was GREAT..... and thats all i have to say. Mike took everything else on my plate home with him and bought be a cheeseburger from mcdonalds. I felt so bad but i honestly did not like it... i TRIED it at least. Oh well.... shawna will always be picky... thats the lesson of the day.  Betsy good job on your winning jv squad. Very cool. You know whats funny Coach PHILLY asked me when i was going to take over his job at klein!! Haha. Like i could coach a CC team?? He was like yeah you and Kelcee can be coaches.... all i have to say is that would be a VERY INTERESTING team. We would go on scavenger hunts and just steal shit out of peoples yards... BAMBOO!!! Oh i miss our bamboo and ping pong table! (Die V-Ball... jk ;) ) LOL!  WE SHOULD ALL GO ON A ROAD TRIP THIS SUMMMER. we can invite Philly & Mrs. French & C.BLOOD. hell lets invite everyone from our past! We can bring sam malone too.  (heather sam malone is a DJ on our radio station)  Heather where you at tease? I havent gotten any hot stories from ya lately. Angie you too... blog damnit!  Ok well i should go wait for my taxi to get my MRI ... i hope MRI's dont suck!!    SEX. LOL TTYL MISS YA STAY SWEET BFFFFFFF  HOLLA