         so i understand that our language and stories might be a little confusing for the outside (well, now youre on the inside) observers...i'll do my best to straighten it out...this is always subject to change  LURF-infatuation, like...you wanna say love but that dumb, so you say lurf...shawna lurfs austin creps BFFFFFFF- best friends forever forever forever forever...that means we're REAL good friends LOL, TTYL girl- after you say something scathing, follow it with that...sort of a "get out of jail free" card ANGEL EYES- shawnas favorite movie (starring J.Lo)...if something is really really really bad you could say its good like...angel eyes...and then make fun of shawna QUEER-the politically correct way of saying gay...example: this computer is queer...lesbians are queer... NEW BRAUNSFELS-dual meaning...dena is LAME at doing other peoples voices, time we nearly died coming home form sea world and randomw driver called us loser and threw up the good ol "L" on the forehead to let us know HATE- a term that sue, in particular, throws around a lot; dislike  now i will include some THINGS/PEOPLE that you might have heard or may hear of: C.BLOOD- hunk of a guy in the 11th and 12th guy who we all had a crush on and dena and sue preceded to act slutty with (eg, strip twister and bathing suit changing all in the same changing room in OSHMANS sports store) but stopped swimming and turned less hot... a tragedy really MRS FRENCH- sue's mom, likes to drink and talk about boys...will be very pleased with sues latest exploits PHILLY-hs track coach, let us get away with murder...we hated him at the time but now we have a strange attachment to him THE TWINS- very very queer, we are waaaaaaaay cooler than those sluts will ever be...its also custom to flick off their house if you ever pass it FSO_ figure shit out meetings...an excuse to go to the... OG- olive garden AUSTIN- started off as my crush, and shawna took advantage of my going to college and wooed him with her wit and stunning good looks...they are yet to makeout 31- number of people that betsy has made out with in one night  ok, i think i am done for now, but im sure ill update or expand later  for now, let me conclude my stating how much cooler i am than shawna--i met tom brady when he was working out at the tulane gym... and you didnt...in fact, the panthers are going to looooose so you dont want to meet them anyway. ALSO, maybe that guy at smoothie king was a linebacker for the panthers and you made fun of a millionaire...now, who feels dumb??! ...or he was just fat and you had every right to make fun. and even if he was a millionaire, hes still fat. i retract my last statements...well done shawna.  DENA!!! hi.   peace out bitches, im gonna go get real smart in 18 minutes...i have a crush on this professor sooooo i love going...hes so mark darcy from bridget jones' diary. yum   out