         although i wanted to MANY times i swore i would not post again until someone else posted... well finallly heather posted so i can get rid of the rest of tonights addiction before bed.  Women's Studies was very interesting. We read a story about chinese people who turn from boys to girls and girls to boys.... And how turning into a boy was nothing for the chinese to worry about but when boys turned into girls it was a shame to the family... basically stating that becoming a man is a blessing and becoming a woman is not. There was a heated discussion between the lesbians in my class about how wrong this is. I PERSONALLY think its right... who wouldnt want to be a man???  a) No more periods.....  b) No worrying about weight c) It takes like 1 day to get a 6 pack d) You can not shower for days and still look hot e) You get to have tons and tons of meaningless sex and not have to worry about getting pregnant f) You dont have to brush your hair.. (if i were a man i would shave my head) there are many more reasons ....  Another point i want to make is this....  Lesbians are all worried about equality and woman's rights and the man is bad.. blah blah blah... if this is so...why do they want to take on the role of a man and cut their hair to look like men and walk like they have something dangling between their legs??? They say men suck yet they try to be men!!!  HMMMM interesting! Ok sorry i went off there for a second but feminists really arent anything but predjudiced against men.... kind of like reverse feminism?? Maybe not but you get what im saying. women are stupid sometimes.  I didnt get to see any panthers today but my friend alex said he talked to a couple...and he pushed one just so he could say "See that guy on tv.... i pushed him last monday" .... haha what a great idea..tomorrow i will push a panther so i can tell people the same thing.   While i was biking at the rec today me and my friend Bo were watching Oprah...well really we were READING Oprah because the captions were on and i didnt have headphones... anyway the episode was about hazing in high school athletics. This one boy was at football camp and his teammates made him pull down his pants so they could spank him. This is disturbing to me... not that the kid was being hazed... but the fact that the other boys wanted to spank his bare ass!!! They then proceeded to stick a roll of duct tape up his butt crack and started beating him with their sandals.... ok where do these people come from? Sounds like a little gay sexual tension coming out to me. Anyway i got soo involved reading the captions i didnt realize i was going 115 RPMS .... i got off the bike after 45 minutes and my legs were sooo freakin sore! It was almost like i had countless hours of sex... but then i remembered that was sue.. not me. Then there were these two crazy guys doing the crab walking thing... you know where you bend over backwards and walk on your hands and feet?! Yeah they did this the whole way around the track.... and i think they actually thought they were getting some kind of workout out of this. People are weird. Everybody was laughing at them.   Afterward me and bo went to smoothie king to load up on the energy and we were standing next to this gigantic man... at least 300 pounds... and the smoothie king employee started making everybody drinks. There was this one drink that was like double the size of an xtra large drink... IT WAS HUGE... so me and Bo were making fun of it because it wasn't a healthy smoothie it was a chocolate one.... We couldnt stop laughing because this cup WAS HUGE.... abnormally big and whoever was getting it probably thought that since it was "smoothie king" it was alright to take in such a large amount of chocolate. And then she called it out and the 300 pound guy standing next to us went and grabbed it.. i felt bad because we were making fun of its huge size and he probably was offended by that. But then i realized that i dont care. He needs to lose weight so me making those comments will inspire him.... go me. Im such a good person. LOL   well its hella windy out here in ole tejas... My room shakes everytime the wind blows... its a little scary because i bet this apartment will collapse any day now. Its like 1 million years old and my walls are so freakin thin i can hear my neighbors doin' it... kind of like sue. (sue you got yourself in a mess when you announced your sexual experience... i will probably think Sue everytime i hear SEX)   Ok well anyway there is some people having sue .... i mean sex on tv and i need to watch because im addicted to porn. TTYL LOL MISS YA stay sweet  HOLLA