         Okay, girls, let's all wear our blinking clit rings to Clit Class this week and show 'em during Show-and-Tell!!  Betsy, your stripper stories were hilarious!  See, there is a very distinct difference between guys and girls when it comes to strippers...  Guys think it's arousing, whereas girls think it's just plain AMUSING!  It's hilarious!  Remind me some time to tell you about my little encounter with THUNDER... and his big black uncircumsized cock!!  Have any of you guys ever actually stripped at a club??  As in, like, Amateur night, or something?  Just curious.  Dena - it's been snowing and snowing here, too... but the good thing about Colorado winters, is that it'll be a total blizzard one day, and 60 degrees, blue skies, and sunny the next!  Blue Moon is a great beer, but you have to try SUNSHINE WHEAT (also a colorado beer)!!   It is the absolute best!  it's made by the same folks who make Fat Tire, so you know they don't f*** around (unlike Sue).  Speaking of... Damn, girl! I'm proud of you.  I think.  (What is the proper etiquette when it comes to recognizing and acknowledging a girlfriend's passage into  sex-hood??  Are congrats in order??)  Anyway, Sue, can't wait to hear the whole story.  But IURF???  (I swear, all this bffff lingo...)  Sorry about your feet, too! I hate that!  My feet get all cut up every spring when I break out the sandals and stilettos.  Angela - i'm glad you found your phone.  Losing things like that is the WORST!  I'm always losing my car keys, so I recently made TWO SETS of spares, and now they're both gone.  can't find 'em anywhere.  Damn it.  Also, i lost ALL my makeup this week and it sucks ASS!  I had it all in my cute little pink cosmetics bag, and I must have left in in class somewhere, cause it's nowhere to be found.  I even checked all the lost and founds, but no luck.  And this one bitchy receptionist girl was all snotty and like, "Oh, well at least it was just makeup."  EXCUSE ME??  JUST MAKEUP???  My $24 Tweezerman tweezers were in there!!  And my brand-frickin'-new MAC eyshadows that I didn't even get to use yet!  $84 down the tubes, right there.  And of course I accused homegirl behind the desk of keeping my makeup for herself when it got turned in...  I'm sure it made her frickin' day...  Alright, I gotta be in bed by 9:30 tonite.  I have a Preliminary Design Review presentation to give in the morning for my Senior Capstone project, and I have to be at school at 7:15 AM. YUCK!  Hey Shawna - wanna threesome??