         Well i was happy to see many posts since my last visit. Sorry i SLACKED but i have this thing... you might have heard of it...its called A LIFE. Yeah well that was keeping me busy.   Yesterday mike and I went to the Alamo Draft House. It's a movie theater but they SERVE YOU DINNER during it... Sue since you and i have a huge appreciation for food i think you would enjoy this.  You get a menu and you write down what you want and the waiter picks it up and serves it to you during the movie. I had buffalo wings a hamburger and an espresso ice cream for dessert! It was sooo awesome. It sucks though because we saw the Last Samuri which is a LONG movie so i kept ordering food... spent about 45 dollars!!! Yeah well its a once in a lifetime experience so i might as well splurge!   Today i had to wake up at 6:30 am to go to see the doctor about my knee... The most pointless visit ever. He shook my knee around asking if it hurt... i guess me screaming OWE THAT HURTS wasn't clue-ing him in enough... then he tells me i have to get an MRI and load up on tylenol. THANKS DOCTOR... i didnt know that tylenol temporarily takes away pain.... my life has now changed and i can forever live in tylenol bliss. Oh well maybe ill get lucky and have surgery on my knee and i can get a cool scar and never be able to run again.   I went to my classes this morning... surprise of the year: I ENJOYED THEM. I took notes and listened intentively and almost joined the debate on the usage of the words nigger and cracker.   As you all know the superbowl is taking place this weekend.... about half a mile away from my apartment. Well this is fun and all but EVERYTHING IS ABOUT THE SUPERBOWL... and im tired of hearing about it. The Panthers are using the UH athletic facilities for their practices... which means i might be getting kicked out of the weightroom today at practice. But i am refusing to leave..ITS MY FACILITY AND IM USING IT! They had some Gatoraid Power Bars in the training room this  morning so i was about to take one and eat it... then i got yelled at "Those are for the Panthers ONLY" .... jerk offs. The panthers dont need to be eating powerbars.... i need them... for my knee.. im a cripple. I heard powerbars heal crippled knees. Anyway so im sure this is going to be a fun week... maybe i can flirt with one of the panthers and get me some superbowl tickets.... :) !  Sue sex hurt because you didnt RELAX. I dont know if anyone else watches "rich girls" on MTV -- but Ally Hillfiger makes an important point... "let your vagina relax and it will happen smoothly" GROSS... im never going to type that again because i almost vomited.  Its almost as bad as "I want you INSIDE me" ... YUCK. VOMIT. ok enough sex talk because frankly i just cant handle it.   Well seeing that my day is not close to being over im sure i will have many things to say later... maybe ill see a dyke fight in my Clit Class tonight... cross your fingers !!! LOL GF LYLAS! ROFLMAO  ok im out like richard simmons.  HOLLA