          finally HOLLA some good stuff. i've been checking and checking and nothing...but good job on today guys.   so this weekend i did absolutely NOTHING....and when i say nothing, i stress that. i literally stayed in my apartment all saturday watching lame movies....drinking some red wine (bloomington wine i have to add). then when john came home...he brought a bunch of blue moon (beer from denver....i like it....have you had it before heather?). anyways, so i drink many of those and watch more lame movies. then sunday it snowed like crazy so my plans to get out of the apartment were a little messed up seeing as bloomington doesn't understand the concept of salt on ice, and my car got stuck in the parking lot (did i already mention that).  so yeah, i was stuck in my apt. watching lame movies all sunday too (but this time with no supply of alcohol, and no means of getting it either......LAME).   so, today, i'm walking to the bus stop at 7:20am and as you would guess....not only does bloomington not know how to salt, but they also don't know how to plow. well, the only place i can walk to the bus stop is on a thin strip of road where cars had been driving b/c the sidewalks were up to my shin in snow as well as 2/3 of the 2 lane road. so i'm happily walking, and what do you know....here come about 5 billion cars about to hit me (and i wonder "why are they driving so fast in this weather"). well, in order to save my life....i jump onto the sidewalk just in time to not get hit by the evil driver and before you know it my pants are all wet and covered in snow.   so anyways, lesson learned....don't go to school in bloomington on a snow day....except when you're taking molecular bio. w/ malazinscky and he gives the 5 ppl. that show up to class extra credit....GO ME!  so enough about the snow....sue, i'll be looking forward to your detailed blog/email about the weekend.  ps: WHO IS THE BEER MAN? b/c i know a guy who we call beer man b/c his last name is bierman. anyways, that would be a wierd coincidence.   heather.....WHERE ARE YOU?....john liked the pics...you put at the top of this site...i showed him.  betsy, nice job with the dollar in the girl's ass....that must take some skills.   angela...good job on making out w/ all those guys. that is very worthy of this website!  shawna...i noticed you've been slacking. oh yeah....and mom called me yesterday and thought i was in michigan. random