         so thursday night was absolutley CRAZY!  it started pretty normal, i was drinking here at callaway with my girls before going out, think i had about 3 shots then we head off to this sigma chi party at their house, it was pretty fun i thikn i kissed a couple guys, ya know, plus like every couple of minutes someone mad me take a shot with them, good fun... then we decide to go meet some other people up at this bar called carneys... well im not feeling too bad at this point and since i drove us im like ya im ok to drive.... well its only like a 5-10min drive to carneys & somehow it took us like 1hr... plus we had stopped at kroger in bryan (way out of the way) to pee... ya i was DRUNK AS SHIT!!!  well we finally get there and i pass out in a chair then at some point i go to the bathroom & proceed to throw up... well my girls get me home ok and i wake up the next morning only to realize that i had lost my phone at some point in the night... way to go me!  so i check my room and car... no there, i call the bar... not there, talk to my friend court to see if she has any of the sigma chi boys numbers to see if it is at their house, well one lives at callaway i go down to his room & its the guy i had kissed... not the least bit weird, the kid prob thinks im stalking him! fabulous well they got lindz's number and said they would call if they found it... well we had planned to go to rockport this weekend so off lindz jess & i go w/o my phone... saturday lindz's phone is ringing and she is like hey do yall know this number... im like... ya thats my mom FABULOUS! mom"angela do you have a missing cell phone?" me"ummmmmm ya" she said "well kroger in bryan just called me they have it there, how did you lose it in kroger?"  me"i dunno" ...mom"how long has it been missing" me"since yesterday" mom "well you better go get it"  it was just a fabulous conversation let me tell you... so anyway i go to get my phone today once we got back and the woman starts quizing me on what the phone looks like... how many people come into kroger trying to claim a lost phone HONESTLY!! well thats about it sorry that was extremely long but drunk stories tend to be i guess....HOLLA