         Ill start off by saying... WHERE ARE ALL THE POSTS??? I know its the weekend but come on people bloggin is a PRIORITY.   Today i worked at the indoor track meet...from 10 am to 8 pm!! O MY GOD im soooo tired. I have a hurt knee which has caused me to limp the past two weeks...and what job did they assign me??? The one where i have to take result from upstairs to the awards stand DOWNSTAIRS..... since there were about 100 pages of results you can do the math .... it was a lot of walking up stairs.... not good. Yesterday was a track meet and i didnt go so the bitchy girls on my team made a huge deal about it.... this one girl has been making comments all day. "Why weren't you at the meet shawna" "So you finally decided to show up?" yeah i was pissed off so i decided to ignore her every time she talked to me... haha IN YO FACE BITCH. Sorry im bitter. Im going to yell at her next time she says something. I cant wait!!!  I recently recieved a deposit in my university account of 1700 bucks... which is my financial aid to pay rent and EAT... and the other day i was trying to buy books on the internet at the website heather suggested.... Well they wouldnt take my card because its a DEBIT card..... but i kept submitting it like 10 times because i didnt know why it wasnt working... well app. everytime they told me it wasnt going through they CHARGED ME. I have 10 charges of 156 dollars and now only have 600 dollars left!!!! ... i know im bad with money but i didnt spend 1000 dollars in one night!!!! I wrote them a mean letter ... that'll show em.. haha.  They best be giving me back my money otherwise ill be living in a cardboard box for the rest of the year.  Today at the meet there were like 1300 entries. Which is A LOT. Well the girls mile this girl ran 8 MINUTES!!! Then i guess she wasnt embarassed enough so she ran the 800 too... 4 MINUTES... for you NON-RUNNERS that is unbelievably slow... especially for someone COMPETING. I can run 8 minutes for like 15 miles.. probably more. It was funny though because i was sitting with all the people doing results and all the old men were making fun of her.... slow people suck.   Yeah well im going to play halo because i have no life.  SUE how was the sex? Was it everything you ever dreamed of?? Did you get it up the butt?? Because i heard thats the best. LOL GIRFRIEND ROFLMAO TTYL LYLAS!!!!!!  aiight im gone like sue's V-Card  HOLLA