         Shawna - count me in on coming to your SB party!  (I wish...)  And yes, I got your sexy speedo lover postcard!  gimme sum o' DAT, yo!  Maybe you could draw HIM for me and send it my way!  So what's with your luck lately?  Splattered paint on your car, smashed in glass doors, a hand that looked like a CLOUD?!  wow. sucks to be you.  Must be all that bad karma for swipin' those envelopes, you rebel! haha!  And to think, they were only THREE BUCKS! How much did those Apple Pie Bites set ya back??  Maybe you could stop stuffing your face and start paying for stuff you actually need!  Olive Garden is my absolute FAVORITE!  I swear, everytime we go I make them bring out more and more salad bowls...  Daniel always gets embarrassed cause I'll just shovel it in for as long as they offer more!  Then I'll be too full to eat my cheese ravioli, which is part of the plan since I like it the best cold for breakfast the next day!  I've got it all worked out!  And it's true, the mints are the best.  Except the last TWO times I've gone, NO MINTS! WTF?!  Anyway, Dena, fresh little 16-year-old you making out with a 30-some-year-old friend of the best man at my sister's wedding was the BEST memory... and then having my dad walk out on you guys making out in the bushes outside!! haha! Good times!  I ditched class today.  I stayed up way too late (4:30 am) working on stupid (yet piiiiiimp) web stuff in Flash.  I love Flash.  I'm such a dork.  And i'm not even good at it.  I suck major ass.  it's like shawna with drawing, only digital.  Shawna, here's our challenge:  you draw speedo lover in your sketchbook, and I'll draw speedo lover in Flash, and then we'll compare to see who sucks more! haha!  All right kiddos... back to being a total geek on a friday night.  my only hope for getting out of this house tonite would be to go see daniel rock out with his cock out, cause some band asked if he'd open for their show, but he hasn't told me if it's a go or not yet...  HOLLA LONGA, ya'll