         Ok well im absolutely bored.  Its weird how much i hate the fact that my weekdays are full of school and track... but the days when i dont have to do that i am soo bored that i wish i had to go to school or run. One of the mysteries of life.   Dena just called me. It was quite random but then i realized it was because i ACCIDENTALLY called her a few days ago. So thanks dena for returning my call 3 DAYS LATER... despite the fact i didnt mean to call you..what if i had some important info??? Lucky you that i am still living and breathing.  I went to get some lunch and when i pulled into the parking lot my roommate was leaving. And she looks at me then points to our apartment balcony.... THE GLASS DOOR IS SMASHED IN! I was like...woah what happened... well she then explained to me that she doesnt know but it happened from inside our apt because the shattered glass is sticking OUT not IN. Well my other roommate had people over last night at 2 am and we think that they got a little rowdy and broke it. When we asked her what happened she said "i dont know.. i think someone threw a rock at it!!" Well apparently some random guy was on a mission to break our window and app. he USED A BOULDER to do it.... yeah right good try roommate....next time think of a better story! All i know is she better fix it and pay for it bc im not chipping in!  OMG THE APPLE PIE BITES AT JAMES CONEY ISLAND ARE ORGASMIC! Go get some.. they are yummmy! :) Sorry i am eating them right now... mm mmm mm.  i decided that since i am going to become an artist that i should try to start sketching in my sketch book.  And the lines i draw in my class just arent making me a better artist. So i started drawing my hand.... well the hand turned into a sunflower and the sunflower turned into a cloud. I CANT DRAW!!! I suck. Maybe these line excersizes are meant for me.   Betsy can you send me a sample of one of my Miss Johnson stories.. i have many ideas but i need the format of the stories to continue the Miss Johnson Tales.  Also i WANT TICKETS TO THE SUPER BOWL!! I decided that you can see my balcony from reliant or RELIANT FROM MY BALCONY is more like it.. anyway so i am going to make a huge sign saying something like "Ill get naked for superbowl tickets" or something like that so when the helicopters that are constantly flying over my room see it maybe they will give me tickets!!! I think it might work. If not im just going to hop the fence and sneak in... it will work because i have camo.  PS i think im having a superbowl party so if ya wanna come let me know.  UH is having the Celebrity basketball Gridiron game in our basketball stadium.... its some annual superbowl event ... R.Kelly J-boog and the rest of the B2K clan will be there... along with a bunch of "african american" celebrities that i have never heard of. Some football players as well. Tickets are only 25 bucks but i decided that i dont want to watch r.kelly molest 13 yr old girls and i also already saw B2K at wal-mart last year so i really dont care about them.   Did you guys get my picture card i sent on email?? Ok well i must go.......... doo nothing. SO BYE  HOLLA