         Let me just say that Sue did not throw up...but i was merely trying to point out that i DID NOT EITHER. I did throw up the next weekend though at katie's house where i proceeded to clean up my puke w/windex... yes i was drunk but at the time it seemed to be a fantastic idea.   Well Im back at the computer lab AGAIN.... awaiting my 3 hour art class which i bought 80 dollars worth of supplies for today. I look like such a nerd... i have this Huge art pad of paper that is literally bigger than me and one of those tackle boxes that you keep art supplies in... (kinda like Caboodles) ...anyway i have to carry that around campus and i feel totally loserish. Oh well Nerds are cool. I try to walk swiftly to make myself look important, if i do who knows but the important thing is i FEEEEL Important!   so i was leaving the art store with a million things in my hand and i walk up to my car to find that some freakin idiot decided to drop orange paint on the ground... let it SPLATTER ALL OVER MY CAR and leave.... what a f-in ASSHOLE. i Have orange paint ALL OVER the side of my car!!!!!! I am soo pissed... and at the time i was just thinking... who do i sue for this? But the worst part is... I CANT SUE ANYONE because i dont know who did it!!!!!! Total p.c queerness!!!! if i see anyone walking around the 4th largest city of houston with orange paint on their hands or clothes they are getting their teeth knocked out.... im regulating on their ass!!!  I also had the pleasure of getting stuck waiting for a train for 15 MINUTES on the way to the grocery store... it was by far the longest train i have ever encountered.... then i had to get envelopes.... well i was not about to pay 3 bucks for a box of envelopes so i decided to open the box and just slip a few of em down my pants.... OOOPS. im such a rebel.   dena im glad you paid your duties as a u.s citizent and helped that guy... and by help i mean watch him die!!!   ehhhhhhhhhhh i have nothing more to say but i still have 45 minutes before class..... so i guess ill surf the internet or something. UMM yeah. Ok.   tampons are cool.   HOLLA