         Seriously, Shawna -- so what if you've got 0.00037% of Pocahontas' genes (which, by the way, are way too small for you and make your ass look fat as hell)...  You've got a whopping 50% of hot 'n horny Hungarian blood running through your veins!!  (slightly off the subject, do you guys think it's weird that I think G-pa was HOT when he was younger??)  Now, thank you everyone for clearing things up for me...  See, i've heard a lot of these stories from Dena and Shawna (i.e. spiking the spanish teachers drink and being exiled to the annex, etc.), but it's nice to put faces to the friends who were around at the time to witness it all.  On the feminist side of things, many a year ago when i took women's studies, we, of course, gave it our own little name as well.  "Hey, Heather, wanna go f*** some boys down at the rec center?"  "Gee, you'd know i'd be down (literally) in a heartbeat, but I've got damn CLIT CLASS at 3:00..."  And why is it that all women's studies profs are the butch-type?  You never see any Lipstick Lesbians teaching the class...  Our dyke of a professor tried to get the scool to change the spelling of the entire department to WOMYN'S Studies... give me a break!  Shawna - please do your paper on tampons!  I mean, you've already logged about THREE HOURS of on loaction research at the grocery store in Evergreen with me and Dena!  Everyone, here's the story... we're stranded in a small mountain town where our G-folk live, bored as hell, so we take the short drive to the grocery store to pass some time.  Somehow, we end up in the tampon aisle, for like, I don't even know how long -- it was a LONG-ASS time -- just comparing and discussing the pros and cons of each type of tampon, who uses what, and how we are all envious of Tampax PEARL tampons, even though they're probably just like regular tampons but the commercials are so cool and the box is pretty.  I've never actually splurged on the pearls, but I think Shawna may have actually bought a box that day, just to upshow me and Dena.  Oh! Now I remember! The whole reason we went to the store was actually an emergency because we all ran out of tampons and had to buy more.  (So if we were desperately in need of a tampon, why did we hang out in that store for so many hours??)  Okay, so the best part of this story (besides buying 1-day punk-rocker hair dye, which I'll let Dena or Shawna explain) is that when we got back to the G-folks, we all of course had to "use the restroom," and our nosy G-ma was like, "So, vhat dit you tree purchase at da drocery store?" (She says V's instead of W's, and T's instead of TH's, etc.  Think COUNT DRACULA or THE COUNT on Sesame Street... yeah, same accent.)  And I can't remember if we told her or not, but she pretty much knew after she saw us all use the bathroom, one after the other... i know she said some inappropriate comment, but I can't remember what it is now...  FSO?? explain, please.  All righ, ya'll... off to Clit Class!!  HOLLA BACK, ya'll. Uh. Heather