         Just wanted to post about my trip because thats how COOL it was. So janay and i arrive in good ole college station around 9:10.... i proceed to get myself lost.  (i can find my way around the 4th largest city but somehow manage to get lost in COLLEGE STATION).  Oh well... anyway so angela meets me at some random gas station with a car FULL (no joke - people in the trunk!!) of people and tells me we are going to the Christmas Light Show. LAME! The line was like 100 miles long and there is no way im paying 15 bucks to see a bunch of lights... that money needed to be saved for important things.... such as alcohol. I could see it in angela's eyes... she didnt wanna go either. So thankfully we changed there minds and went to a lame ass party instead.  Lets just say a house in the middle of no where ..... 5 people inside (INCLUDING US..haha) it sucked. So we all slipped outta there real fast to go "smoke".  (smoke meaning we were going outside and NEVER coming back.) So then we go to the million dollar dorms that angie lives in and sit around there for a little.  Then angela is doing her job as the door watcher and all of the sudden like a million (10) people walk through the door. Who they are... we dont know but who cares cause i bet they can get me alcohol. So we talk to them for.... a little while and they decided to go on a beer run. I sent them off with my wish list.  As we waited for them to get back i sucked down 10 jello shots (angela had her 20 something...haha) and me and angela were little rebebls and had 2 shots of whiskey.  Now with whiskey you gotta have a chaser..so i ask angela to give me something and what does she hand me???? DIET COKE... ok i would rather just drink the whiskey. But after i took the shot i realized that nooo.. i wouldn't rather take it straight so i sucked it up and had the diet coke.  Well at this point i was tipsy but didnt realize it so when i my Bacardi silver arrived i just started chuggin it down.  Me and janay got 3 each instead of the 6 each like i ASKED... (thanks a lot people i dont know.... what jerks).   Ok anyway so the party at the dorms got lame and angela wanted to get some action (heheh jk...) So we went to her friend brads place.  We show up. Im down to my last Bacardi and most likely really drunk... (i dont remember).... and there are 4 girls inside practically gettin it on with eachother. Then we go in another room where 2 guys and a girl are watching the grossest porn i have ever seen! WEIRD... did i care? No bc i was not "there".  So the guy i dont know hands me a GIGANTIC jello shot. (note: it might have not been gigantic just looked it to me bc i was wasted).... but even if it wasnt GIGANTIC it tasted like it was 99 percent some type of hard ass liquor... and im NOT compaining.... yay for hard ass liquor.  Ok so i make a fool of myself all night mainly by calling EVERY single person in mine and angelas phone book..... and i decided to tell random boys they got a girl named kiki pregnant. Fun times.  So at this point i run out of my bacardi... i whine because im out of alcohol so this guy goes and makes me orange juice and vodka.... ummm HELLO SHAWNA JUST USED ALL HER CELL MINUTES IN ONE NIGHT she doesnt need any more..  oh well ... so random guy hands me a drink and of course what do i do? I drink it up. I hATE oj and vodka... but i had it anyway.  Ok so im gonna skip the rest of the dumb ass things i did and go to the next morning.. or the same morning i suppose. we fell asleep at 5 am... woke up at 9 am... ? Umm dont ask i dont know why.  So me and angela are lying there talking about how much we dont wanna reach the phone to call the pizza guy... and i get sick feeling. SO i run to the bathroom and puke and puke and puke.  (Flashback: 9:00 pm i tell janay "I never get drunk... and i never get hungover... you'll be lucky if you see me like that")  Ok soo i puke up all the orange juice i drank (which i think was ROOFIED.. haha jk)  After my sickfest me janay and angie eat our "pokey" stix and pizza from Gumbys... haha.  WHAT A NIGHT.