         Well i would like to start off by commenting on Sue's story of how we all know eachother..... she left out the fact that I WAS A COOL MOTHER F*CKER and had TWO friends.. not ONE..... and that she used to be mean to me when i was a freshman because she was ONE OF THOSE types of sophomores who was on a power trip. Its true... lol... luckily she came to her senses (i graduated freshman year) and realized that i was too cool for school. So we all became friends and forever became bfffffffs. Angela and i met in Multimedia class senior year and started causing trouble together... AKA getting drunk and throwing HUGE parties w/people we hated. We all collaborated at sue's house one night to drink and thats how we all know eachother... FYI: THAT NIGHT I WAS THE ONLY ONE WHO DIDNT THROW UP. We also watched porn. It was good.  Heather is me and dena's cousin we are very VERY CLOSE...if ya know what i mean..wink wink. jk but we do have a tendency to dress up and get drunk off of dr. pepper and obsess over a guy named JONNY who is cheating on all three of us with eachother... its a love triangle. We also play massive amounts of Tetris on XBOX...its quite fun. We are hot grandchildren of a crazy lady named Eva Buna.  Ok now i have explained that i want to discuss my women's studies class..... i think it should be called "Lesbians 101" .... but thats just my opinion. First of all.. my prof is sooo lesbian its not even funny...lesbian enough for me to ask my classmate why a man was teaching women's studies... i was later informed that it was not a man. Oops. There are 40 women in there.. and 1 MAN.. no not the prof.... but some random latino guy who is probably looking for booty.  Anyway we started talking about class projects and one of the projects my prof was like " you can discuss anything related to women.... wonder bras barbies...even tampons" -- wow i cant wait to write a research paper on tampons.. i wonder is she wants me to bring in props too... (ewwww).  Anyway so that should be interesting ... especially since she went on a rampage in the middle of class about how she HATES that guys always ask girls to borrow their staplers because girls always have staplers and guys dont.... she says "just because we are smart enough to carry staplers to class doesnt me we want to let you borrow them" .... all this time i was thinking: a) i dont carry staplers to school B)a guy has never asked me to borrow a stapler and C) Who the f*ck cares..its a f*ckin stapler!!!! OMG im sorry but feminists bug me! Its good im in a class of 40 of them! oh well..im still getting an A because it consists of nothing but WRITING... helll yeah.   Today my health prof. called out my name during roll and was like... FLORIDA?!? wow thats a cool name...whats your background.  and im sitting there feeling retarded that he points me out in a class of 60 people so im just like...uhhhhh i dont know my background..... he says "you dont know where you came from" so i just spat out what ever would come out and i said "i think im native american" haha OMG i felt so retarded.. because hello im NOT native american! My family tree links back to poccahontis so that was the first thing that came to mind... haha im such a loser. Everyone laughed because they thought i was trying to be funny but really i was just stupid. oh well so i guess im the class clown now...sounds good to me.   Ok well i like usual have a million things to do tday so i must go but i will probably post again after practice when im bored.... BETSY/DENA/ANGELA - yall are the posting slackers of the week..... GET ON TOP OF IT!    still working on the miss johnson tales!!! get excited!  HOLLA