         a long long time ago ( i can still remember when...) there was this girl named dena. dena went to theiss elementary school and ran a mile with a broken foot and still beat everyone and became the talk of the town. soon later, dena skipped the country and took along with her a little sister. they were not to be heard from for a long long time. when it was finally safe for the florida family to return to the good ol' US of A, they went to doerre middle school, which was way better than both kleb and strack. it was there that sue, the coolest girl who couldnt close her mouth because her braces took up most of her face, met dena. dena was still fast. much faster than amanda or april or melody but the track coaches were lesbians and were mean to dena because she wouldnt go down on them. they were bitter. they were sooo bitter that they made up this HORRIBLE LIE that dena spiked the drinks in her spanish class and they sent the innocent girl to annex (the school for the dysfunctionals). shawna was still a loser and only had one friend. so no one talked to her. whatever. the floridas were forced to leave the country again and everybody forgets about those fast track girls. sue still has braces and is "hard to look at" and betsy hates everyone and has acne. betsy and sue go to highschool. since they are sooooo damn cool, they join the CC team and are, by far, the coolest freshman to rock the klein high school world. blah blah blah, theyre awesome, shit goes down. betsy and sue rule. then all of a sudden, the floridas come back and coach phil makes them workout on the hottest day of the year and they nearly die. sue and betsy forgive their ineptitude and welcome to their fun community. sue and betsy also warn shawna not to befriend the evil twins that are having lesbian sex with the tall ugly girl. yadda yadda yadda...time goes by, floridas move again, betsy and sue STILL dont grow up. more time goes by, shawna and dena come back, and BAM! were all best of friends and meet up all the time to figure shit out (FSO, aka EAT). at some point, anglela comes to sues house and gets drunk. shawna throws up that night. shawna starts a blog and heather is invited because she is funny. and betsy had sex with mrs johnson.  and they all lived in different state/cities/countries happily ever after