         HOLLA BACK YOUNG UNS.  well,heather, that was infomative an amusing all at the same time, i give you an A for effort AND content, well done. and in my due part, i will subsidize your anaylsis with the facts. 1. hes from out of state (rich boy from an old family in new orleans) 2. hes rich 3. hes a slut 4. his frat  (ATO) got kicked off campus for sinking a yacht (yes, i said YACHT)  im not letting this slutty thing deter me though. i think alot of people are sluts. i dont like them any less (i only dislike them if i hate them, and a slut is in no way a deterrent from me liking someone). HENCEFORTH, i have no qualms about the slutty nature of my future lay. :)  wow. my language is quite pedantic, this must cease. i just read a horrible article on the energy crisis on the 17th century so you must excuse my language--im too smart for my own good.  soooooooo, last night i went out with one of my few friends here because she needed me to third wheel on a possible catastophe of a date. SERIOUSLY, some people should not be allowed in public or in the breeding pool. we should take them out back and shoot them. do 'em a favor and put them out of their misery. this guy was the worst. since we both immediately decided that he was absolutley wretched, we preceded to get niiiiice and drunk ( i ran alot that day and had only eaten cashews, so it didnt take much...) and completely ignore him. even though he rarely spoke, his presence still bothered me. i loathe him. you should too. he is the epitomy of lame. he could teach lameocity, he knows it so well.  they dont have text books here and you have to go the library to get the books you need ot read excerpts from. i dont mind this so much...except for the fact that there is only one of the books that i really neeed to read. how lame is that? lame. the problem lies in the fact there are 40 people per course all fighting for one book. although i always managed to out-nerd the tulanians and get to the books first, i cant do it here. these people are good. nerdliness to the tee. they put me to shame. lame shame.  im getting a sculpture from betsy and YOURE not. ha!  i am waiting for my book and its still not here. its never coming.boooooo. i dont have class today and wanted to get alot done but it looks as if two hours of studying is going to be me calling it a day. oh well. i went to go look for the historical research journal--yes its a published magazine...--and its not there either. come on people.  ahhhhhhhhh, there is truly nothing for me to do. nothing to read. without reading, theres nothing to write. and dammit, i was ready to work. lame. hmmmmmmmm, im kindo fo hungry. thats always fun. maybe ill go buy underwear.  out  ps, im glad that you have already ruined my surprise. i hate you all. but ladies, get ready. this is the weekend. and the good thing is, get ready for sappy sentimental stuff, its for me. i want to. plus, i am pratcially a grown up. i live on my own, supported my self (minus the paying for school, but i had everything else) and act like an adult most of the time. its not for any guy, but for me, and thats the way i thought it should be. besides, liza, one of my few friends here, says that when your vagina is happy, the rest of you is happy. i like being happy. all comments and recommendations will greatly be appreciated. until, the next blog. i heart you my bffffffffffffffs--and heather and angie  pPs---not a word or insinuation to ANYONE. ill kill you. for real. NO ONE. :) not that its not on the internet or anything  laaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaate.