         HOLLA ya'll... First off, lemme start by saying that, Sue, if you've got a little boy toy who went to CU, AND was Mr. Frat boy, then CONGRATULATIONS! He's automatically HOT and RICH! Here's the reasoning for this: I don't know how the Greek scene works at other campuses, but here in good ol' Boulder, you only join a Fraternity if  A. you are out of state and don't know anyone. B. you don't have any friends and don't know HOW to make friends in the normal way people do. C. you try to make friends but no one will give you the time of day. D. your older brother, dad, or uncle was also a Tri-Delt, and therefore you're almost expected to continue the family tradition and go Greek, even though you're perfectly normal and have tons of legitimate/genuine friends. (These are people I kinda feel sorry for, but this is still the best category to be in. 2nd best category is A. So I hope Sue's guy fits in A or D.)  Now, on to the logistics of the Greek System at CU... Face it,  you're buying your friends.  just admit it. you can't deny it. everybody knows it. So not only do you have to be loaded to buy your friends, but you also have to be loaded to throw the pimpest parties with the coolest HiDef Flat Panel TVs and Surround sound THX stereos, as well as top-shelf only booze and kegerators, not to mention the "best" wine coolers for the ladies (and when i say "best" i mean "tastes like kool-aid," yet all these girls get "so drunk" from them... riiight.) And this isn't a twice-a-semester scenario... we're talking AT LEAST every weekend, if not every night from Thursday thru Saturday. Oh, and frat guys also have to be loaded to buy those huge ass army-type slingshots so they can fire water balloons and used condoms from their balcony across the street to the RIVAL fraternity who is also having a party, in hopes that all the hot freshmen girls will never go to that house again, and instead come to their house where the parties are bigger, the booze lasts longer, the music is hipper, and the cocks are harder...  Now you might be saying, "All right, Heather, they're rich. But what about that HOT comment you made earlier?" Well lemme tell you girls. If you had to buy all your friends, would you really waste your money on unatractive people?? HELL NO! You want to be proud of that loyal allegience to good ole Tri-Delt and uphold the campus rumors that "Everybody knows that Tri-Delt has the hottest guys! And they're RICH, too! I don't care what it takes-- I'm gonna get one of them to ask me to their Spring Fling in Aspen this year..."  So to answer your question, Sue, well, I guess I didn't really even address the slut-bag part yet... hmmm. Here's the deal. It's pretty much 50/50. Either he's THAT frat guy, or half his friends are THAT frat guy, and since he lives with them, he just LOOKS like THAT frat guy...  okay, that's a lie. He's a dirty whore.  (Can't blame me for tryin' to make him look good... he IS a fellow Buffalo, afterall...)  Wow! that was a lot of rambling on goin' Greek. And I haven't even STARTED with the sororities in this town! Don't get me wrong! I have tons of friends who do the Greek thing, and they're a lot of fun. They all just fit in the A and D categories, that's all. And they really are all sexy and they really do throw the best parties...  Keep in mind that CU was ranked #4 in the  Major Frat and Sorority Scene  category by the Princeton Review (IU took 3rd -- again, way to go Dena!)... Okay, I PROMISE THIS IS THE LAST PRINCETON REVIEW COMMENT I'LL MAKE!!  Shawna, this is why you need to tranfer to CU!!  Not only are we #1 in everything that means anything, but our X-country team KICKS ASS!!  Seeing that I took too long on the frat topic, i'll spare everyone and save more comments for tomorrow!  LoveYouMissYouWantYou, Heather