         Hello Maties.  I started school today... VERY EXCITING... sadly i am being honest- I WAS EXCITED. Im queer..pc queer.  Well anyway my health prof mentioned today the lowest grade he has ever given was a c+ ...so i decided that was def a good thing! And i also decided im going to get a 4.0 this semester. yes yes continue to LOL...SUE.. i know you are -- but hear me out. The only class i am going to have to worry about doing good in is my math class... but i figured since this is the 3rd time ive had to take it i should be able to pull out an A w/a little studying.  LOL Man im one pathetic loser as lloyd xmas would say.  Anyway so yall be prepared to get the surprise of the century this summer when i shuv my 4.0 in yo face! that was my epiphany.  heather i am VERY VERY Impressed with the banner... i like i like. and you all can thank me for finding GOOD pictures of you to put on there.... i was very close to sending some embarassing ones but i thought i would be nice .... ANGELA IF YOU DONT BLOG SOON YOU WILL BE GETTING AN EMBARASSING PIC! hey yall im sorry to be harsh but i gotta administrate. LOL.   ANYWAY i made a REAL LIVE FRIEND TODAY. IT was crazy... no it isnt an athlete or an athlete girlfriend/boyfriend .... it was a REGULAR NORMAL PERSON. Despite the fact that i dont know her name i do know she is taking 21 hours and she told me where the health center was so we must be best friends forever forever.  Ok maybe we arent bffffffs yet but she is in my class so there is room to be friends...especially since she is asian and can TOTALLY take notes for me if i skip class.... haha im such a bitch. And that wasnt very P.C of me but i dont give a f*ck! LOL GIRLFRIEND. (i miss that talk betsy/sue... those were the days.)  OH yeah betsy WELCOME TO THE BLOG.. im glad you and your ricey self figured out how to join. Yay! By the way i was talking to sue about the stories i used to write to you in HS .... but i couldnt remember the name of the person i always wrote about... i was thinking about bringing the stories back so you need to fill me in if you remember. LOL SISTA!  dena keep "bellydancing" your way to success.... you will one day be a world class stripper.  ok well i must go ride the bike then go to my DRAWING CLASS .. YAY FUN CLASSES :) !!!!   Stay sweet yalll Ill miss ya... call me this summer we'll hang out! --- word of the day : LOL  HOLLA