         Hey yall...  I just had the weirdest night of my life.   Besty i went downtown but didnt end up going in anywhere because there were too many freakin people there!!   Here is my night in a nutshell:  First off me & mike were going Downtown with my roommate her boyfriend and 30 of their friends. NO JOKE there were really 30 of them. I have a picture...it was crazy. So i live like 3 seconds away from the new metro rail so we walked over there and all were going to ride the metro rail downtown where the superbowl MainEvent party was taking place.  We get on the metro rail and end up filling up an entire car with all the people we had.  We were being very loud and obnoxious cause almost all of us were drunk (except me) and people on the train were just getting annoyed. But it was funny.  Anyway so then we start stopping at each stop and MORE AND MORE people fill up the car. I was seriously not holding onto anything bc it was a wall of people so it was impossible to fall over. There were at least 100 people in my car.. it was crazy and so everytime someone got in my group of people would yell and clap and stuff... then ALL The people joined in and it was just a really loud squished ride. It was funny as hell though. Then we get downtown. EVERYBODY AND THEIR MOM was there... like it looked like las vegas/new orleans/new york mixed together... it was freakin crazy.  It was impossible to get anywhere because there were too many freakin people. It was even worse because there were 30 people in my group all trying to stay together. Finally mike and i just kind of ventured off on our own jsut walking around and seein what was going on.  Then he bumps into some guy he knows who was working security. He talked for 10 minutes and we completely lost our group.  Then we were like well we'll just keep walking. All the sudden mike goes "Hey .... thats my cousin" ... and then he taps this guy on his shoulder. Mike goes "hey man whats up" and this guy just looks at him with a confused face and says "Who the hell are you?" .... haha (mike hasn't seen his cousin in like 5yrs)   So then mike is like "Im your cousin man!... Mike?!"  His cousin was drunk so he was confused but finally he realized who it was.  So we end up walking with them back to their loft.  They live in this awesome 3 story loft right next to downtown... its the coolest place ever.. it looks like a real world house.  Anyway we end up hangin out at his cousins place that night and we miss our ride back to my place so we ended up STAYING at their loft in their bed. It was sooo weird and random because mike hasnt talked to this cousin in so long and now we are staying at their loft? HAhaha.. it was weird.  Then around 1:30 am i get a phone call. I didnt recognize the number so i answered and it was a guy. I thought it was this guy i know so i just talked to him a little and was like HEYYY hows it going blah blah blah.  Well 10 minutes pass and finally i realize who i was talking to... IT WAS SCOTT. (u know the EX BOYFRIEND) Yeah i was freaked out. I havent talked to him in well over 6 months and i was just like...umm hey...... i didnt know what to say. He was like "im drunk right now... thats why im calling.... " And he just kept talking to me telling me he hopes everything is alright and he still cares about me etc etc.... it was really weird. Then my phone died so it cut him off. I felt bad but i really felt kind of weird talking to him anyway. But Yeah... it was definitley strange.  Then we woke up this morning and his cousin let us borrow his girlfriends mustang to drive home. They were like "yeah we'll just pick it up later" .... so now mikes driving around town in some red convertible mustang and he might even move into their loft this summer. LOL it was randomness fo sho!!! Im still quite freaked out by the whole situation. Anyway this superbowl shit is awesome though ... dowtown was def. happening last night for the first time in the history of houston. And MTV is all over the place and there are celebrities EVERYWHERE. its crazy. My roommate saw Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie at BAR last night. Ludacris was there too. Michael jackson, brad pitt, jennifer aniston and many more were at the Aquarium restaurant downtown.... i wanted to sneak in and rape brad but it never happened. Anyway my point is... this is craziness. I have yet to see anyone famous but they are all at the stadium right by my apt.... im just to lazy to go and try and stalk some celebrities. Oh well.   Anyway thats pretty much all i have to say. Im just going to sleep all day and lay down because i WALKED LIKE 100 MILES LAST NIGHT and my knee is killin me!!   Heather sorry about your toe... i thought i told you never to dance, you just dont have the skills like i do! (haha jk) But man CHICAGO IS THE BEST MOVIE ISNT IT?!?! Yeah i think so.  sue where ya at sluuuut. Dena? Angela?   OK. Im going. HOLLA