         HOLLA...if that was in spanish it would be said "hoya". good to know. can i give a huuuuuuge thank you for everyone for posting...its gives me one more thing to do other than write these blasted papers. damn the papers, damn them to hell.  so i was looking at the banner (well done heather) and we are HOT! hotter than the olsons thats for damn sure. so, well done us. i think i little self inflation is always needed and hell, ill be the one to provide it.  dena, the belly dancer in the box, is juan over it or is he still being lame? i think most people are lame--well except for us hot bitches. not only are they lame, but they are stupid and they take too much of the seat on the bus. is it my problem that your fat ass wont fit on the seat--should i have to give up my comfort because your curcumference in too big? NO and i hate when they dont scoot over and are touching me. i dont even know you, please keep your diseased body parts away from me. sorry, i obviously had a very traumatic bus trip this morning. but i will conclude my stating that i hate when people touch me and there were just soooo many people touching me this morning i really almost screamed. im like those dysfunctional people in school who bang their heads against walls. healthy, sue, reeeeal healthy.  betsy, why in the hell did you go to paris..they call is GAY PARIE, you know why? because its queer. and by queer i dont mean queer pc, i mean LAME. so maybe i dont mean queer. but i do mean lame. actually, i wont hold it against you because i am going there in two months. BUT i have an excuse, we have a track meet and theyre paying. so i am only going to hold it against you a little.   dena tell me where you used to go in marbel arch--one of my friends lives right with all the indians down there so i neeeeeeeed to know.  my surprise is none of shawnas predictions, however, it will blow your socks off. AAAAAAAand, it might piss one of you off because it didnt happen to you first. i'm sure you already know, but just wait...juuust wait.........ok, i admit it, im carrying the next Son of God, you cracked me. damn.  shawna, leroy bur-suck my ass- is lame. huge lame o. where would you go if you transferred? lets think. go to university of hawaii and then we can visit you. OR oregon, i hear its nice there...no, im lying and just trying to ruin your life so i can laugh about it later. teehee. my bad  since betsy FINALLY wrote, sober at that, on the blog, she is no longer a tampon...the new douche tool is angela. what does she think--her and all her aggie-lameness are too cool to write on our anything-but-lame website. please, angela, puh-lease.  i'm glad that dena has recognized that i am bitter. i am also a cynic! i think it adds a little flavour to my personality. as if i werent sarcastic enough, ive decided to add a little more. it's very becoming. and now that i wear black all the time, i think i intimidate people. HOWEVER, despite all that, when i go out,i change personalities, and become SUE the SUPERSKANK and i wear short skirts, tank tops and F*** me boots. its quite a site.  ok, i have to read but i expect posts from everyone. its been real. holler homedog g-funks (said in the slow-i-am-so-blatantly-white-voice)