         Wow i just realized i haven't posted in two days which is CRAZY since i usually post at least TWICE a day. Anyway i have been busy.   Lame Story # 1.  Yesterday i had to wake up at 5:00 AM to work at the freakin Houston Marathon. I hate the marathon. Every year i have to get up at times that should never be seen by my eyes when its below zero outside and hold a plastic fence up for an hour and a half so people dont walk their dumb asses around the start line! And then they proceed to come up to me and ask crazy questions like: "Do you know where my friends might be meeting me ... they have my racing number" ... Um HI MY NAME IS SHAWNA im a VOLUNTEER (who never really volunteered) AND I DONT EVEN KNOW WHO THE HELL YOU ARE... why the f*** would i know where your friends are????   Lame Story #2. Lets seee... oh yeah my cell phone is a piece o shit. The screen went BLANK. i cannot see who calls ... who i am calling or see any of the numbers in my phone book.... so if you try calling me... sorry. I went to the sprint store today to see if i could get a new one so they said they will send me THE SAME phone model.... well then i asked if i could get store credit for the phone instead and buy a new one. Which they are LAME and said that i have to have the phone at least 18 months in order to get a new one... umm that is totally QUEER. So im stuck with my piece of shit since i have only had it 15 MONTHS! LAME.  Lame Story #3. My coach and mike had a converstion about my scholarship situation.... app. my head coach LEROY BURELL is the person who chose to take away my scholarship... it was not the school's decision. He over-committed with scholarships so when he found out i was ineligible he jumped at the chance to take mine away... now i have been told that i will get it back next semester... but mike said that T (my coach) said that she cant promise i get it back because they are low are scholarship money. COMPLETE BULLSHIT. So i am extremely pissed off because i am the top runner for the girls distance and if i am eligible next semester and dont get a scholarship i have decided that i will transfer. I am dead serious too. Our head coach is a "sprint man" and he spends all the scholarship money on sprinters... and is slowly taking away all the distance money. So i told my coach if im off scholarship still after this semester i am leaving UH. I am not the type to get all bent out of shape about money but its about being "wanted" on the team... and as of right now i am not getting that vibe from any of the coaches... so that is LAME.... yall have any suggestions on schools ?? Haha... im soo hardcore. O and also my coach said "shawna doesnt have to worry about scholarship because she has a wealthy family" ..... ummm HELLO just because my dad has a decent amount of money doesnt mean he wants to spend it on that lame ass school... when she made that comment it threw me over the edge.   anyway ive been on a rampage the past couple of days and i am gettin ready to go talk to my coach about this mess. its not gonna be pretty!!!!! Yall let me know if i am justified in my decision.. i feel like im being reasonable but im also pissed off so i could be thinking with my ass. I gotsta go.... HOLLA