         hey peeps....  well, i just had a fun filled night. so i go to this random girl's apartment and drink a lot of sangria....after getting a little tipsy, we decide to go to the bars. so, trying to look cute...(even though it's frekin freezing) i leave my coat at her apartment which has all of my money, phone and keys in it.   well, while at one of the bars....i walk by a table of guys eating some pizza smelling really good. so i look at all the guys and say "mmmmm....that pizza looks good" and they're like "oh are you hungry"....so i just said yeah, took a slice, and walked away. anyways, people were clapping for me after that.   then i run into a girl from valparaiso (shawna you know meagan curtis) and i am under the impression that she's either bisexual or a lesbian. she kept checking out my friend that i went with (that's a girl), talking about how hot she is, and she kept touching my hair a lot.    well, i was having enough of that so i found a bunch of my frat guy friends....they bought a bunch of pitchers of beer and we got pretty drunk off of that. well, the bar was closing and i lost my friends so i asked the frat guys if i could bum a ride that they're like yeah....but when i got to my apartment...i realized i was locked out bc all of my stuff was at  that girl's apartment....so one of the guys was like...you can just stay at my apartment tonight. (well, earlier, i called john and he was drunk so was acting stupid and mad that i was partying with all the guys and went 'somewhere'). that's why he wasn't there to let me in.  so i go to one of the guy's apartment and he gives me some boxers and a shirt to sleep in and i go to sleep. later he knocks on the door and is like....hey, john's coming over to pick you up.  so i put my regular clothes on in the dark and go home with john. turns out he went to his frat and got all high with this guy, and bc he's all messed up he's all jealous. not to mention when i put my shirt on it's inside out and backwards....so of course it looks pretty bad. well, john starts freaking out cuz he thinks i did stuff with this guy (definately didn't do anything with the guy, and definately didn't want to do anything with the guy), and of course there's always drama with that kind of stuff. well, i still have to go get my coat/keys/money/phone so i gotta go.  but that was my night. dena