         Hello alll. I am just bored therefore im posting. I have been playing with katies new dog, whose name is pudge. Its a chiuahuha, but A LOT cuter than normal chiuahua's and its FAT... sooo cute. It loves me because i have been taking care of it... katie has to a work a lot so im like its "godmother" i suppose? Yeah well either way it loves me! Angela knows she was here.... which brings me to my next story. Angela came over last night.  Because of my crippled state we were unable to roam the clubs... so instead we just sat around and watched TV for awhile. Then at 2 am we decided to be crafty. We decided it was a GREAT time to go shopping at walmart. So since we were babysitting Pudge we put him in angie's purse and we were off to the store.  Well im limping around and angie's tryin to keep Pudge in her purse so we dont get in trouble... (by the way the LESBO who CAME OUT that one night we were all going out... not only had me TIE HER HALTER TOP...she also thought i had a prosthetic leg..... hahaha.) Sorry that was off topic but i just thought of it. Ok anyway so we get the crafts we want and go check out.... and the lady is like "yall are getting in trouble for havin that dog in here... so i was like "its her Seeing-Eye dog!!" ... the lady didnt seem amused but i thought it was quite hilarious. Anyway as we are walking out the rent-a-cop stops us and tells us "in the future..leave your pets at home" ... I wanted to mention the seeing eye dog thing but i didnt think he would like that.... Instead i just said we were running "errunds" and couldnt leave it alone. Walmart people are gay. Anyway so then we proceed to make shirts with iron letters.... which by the way ANGELA put the Iron directly on the letter!!!! hahahaha ... lets just say her shirt has a "vintage" look.  We also made our band t-shirts...It was a very productive night.  OH yeah and Pudge decided to shit everywhere... not regular shit - RUNNY YELLOW SHIT. sooo gross. Well we watched a movie and sex and the city then fell asleep at 4:30. Mike was on the morning news for Modeling the houston marathon running gear and i got up to watch at 5 am... but he told me the WRONG channel so i ended up missing it. Oh well.   Anyway, i just wanted to mention that i noticed CU was in the "REEFER" category in the princeton review... niiiiiiice heather! hahaha.   Ok well its time for me to go to practice and bike my way to the NCAA's.... next year of course :\ ..... Soooo HOLLLLAAA.