         Haaha ok sorry for the LAME ass title but today was an alright day. not a GREAT day but "alright" meaning 100 times better than the past 2 weeks. Besides the fact that i collapsed in the shower yesterday because my knee decided to give up on me im doin quite alright.  B/c of my wimpy knee i was forced to ride the bike.... which i though "Ha bike?!?! Easy".  Well i was WRONG. holy shit... 45 minutes on the bike is HARD. I was going an average of 65 RPM's did 10 and a half miles and burned 221 calories..... if thats good i dont know but thats what the machine told me i did. Anyway so now i have a soar but very BOOTYLICIOUS ass... so if anyone wants to grab it go for it.  I wont be mad.  Before i worked out the trainer at UH decided to give me some wierd "electromagnetic" anti-inflammatory therapy thing on my knee.  Anyway she hooked up some wires and my knee was BURNING... i had to leave it on for 10 minutes and when she took it off I HAD WELTS  AND A BURN ON MY LEG.... i asked if it was supposed to do that and she looked at it (with a shocked face) and says " uuuh yeah... of course".  So that was reassuring... then the other trainer goes "what the hell happened to your knee!?" ...so now i have welts on my knee which i am a little scared of.   So my roommate kelly got a Yorky puppy a couple weeks ago which is VERY CUTE..... but now my other roommate katie is getting a puppy chiuahua.... and so now i feel the need to get a dog. Im not going to because i have NO money, so i suggested they breed their yorky and chiuahua and give me the puppies. Sounds like a plan to me.   It will be a Yor-Chi ..... and i will name it bob. Sorry kind of a random story but im kind of just typing my thoughts....sooo get over it.   Heather i thoroughly enjoyed the Ping Pong Matrix... that is actually the 3rd and 4th times i have seen it. Some other NERD showed it to me awhile ago  but it was nice to see it back in the rotation!!! thanks.   Sue thanks for the economic help..... my life has changed! haha... or not so much...anyway my coach is writing a letter to the people about not taking away my scholarship because she knows im not one of those pot heads who deserves to get their money taken away like other people on the team... (those were her exact words...) She also said.... "Talk to all your profs about getting your grades changed..just tell em you fucked up and say you need help" .... i love my coach.   ok well shower time and then its friends... so hollla!