         holla ya'll.  I've been in the same blogging slump as everyone else, so BACK OFF, BI-OTCHes!!  But seriously, life is pickin' up, and things are lookin' up, and dena and homeboy are hookin' up...  Speaking of droppin' the BOYFRIEND-BOMB on handsome, charming, and SEXY suitors, how do you guys do it??  I always feel like the biggest bitch in the world, cause they're always so shocked and surprised and hurt, somehow!  I mean, it's not like I was leading the poor guy on, you know?  Or was I, and I just didn't realize it??  Anyway, please share any tips/pointers with me!!  shawna, your MRI adventure had me in STITCHES!! I seriously laughed so much that I think I need an MRI!!  So you basically flashed Mr. Doctor with your gown on backwards, right?! haha!  You just wanted him to join you in your little MRI Tube-O-Loooooooove!!  And I'm so grateful for being introduced to Hands on a Hard Body!!    Orange an' a SCHNIKKAAAHH!    haha!!  So i woke up this morning with a very vivid memory in my head that came out of nowhere...  I was 18 yrs. old, I'm on the bus going to work, and this skeezy-ass old homeless guy gets on and sits across from me.  There was no one else on the bus.  Just us.  So he strikes up a convo with me, and even though it was really cold outside, were were both just wearing t-shirts (mine's low cut).  So he's like, "Well, looks like you and I are in the same boat... we didn't account for the weather today..." And he's practically spitting his nasty rank alchie breath all over me, slurring his words so bad I can barely understand him.  So of course I'm grossed out and don't want him staring at me, so I politely reply,  "Yep. Good thing I brought this sweatshirt with me..." and I start to put in on and before I know it, he's jumping out of his seat, kinda faux-lurching at me and screaming,  "WHOOOAAA!! HEY, NO!! NOOO!!  DON'T COVER UP THEM  GOODIES !!"  I was so grossed out I wanted to vomit in his face...  I got off at the next stop and walked the rest of the way to work.  Now when ever someone says "Goodies" around me, I feel so dirty and violated.  One time a few years ago, we were up at the G-Folk's house for Thanksgiving and I was leaning over the table serving my dad some salad.  Apparently I had put mostly just lettuce and greens on his plate, and he wanted more carrots and peppers and tomatoes and stuff, so he's like,  "Hey, gimme some more of them GOODIES!"  And I pretty much dropped the salad bowl and backed up a foot or so from the table in my chair as I immediately crossed my hands over my chest.  I felt so  dirty .  Especially having to hear those words from my DAD!  Melissa (my sister) was the only one there who knew about my "Goodies" phobia, and she just started laughing, and everyone wondered what the hell my problem was, but it was definitely not Thanksgiving-dinner-friendly conversation.  Needless to say, I didn't eat.  Welp, that's all for now, folks!  Off to class.  Blog-ya later! Heather