         I have been the ULTIMATE blogging slacker... oh wait thats ANGELA... but i have been slacking... this is because of my extreme studious behavior i have encountered this semester. If im not at class IM STUDYING. I have turned into..... someone who studies a lot. Yeah.  Well i took a Hotel Restuarant Mgmt. Test this morning and I am pretty confident that i got a 100! If not a 98...either way it means the same thing. A+ ! Yay for me. Im smart.  Yesterday i had to do this "Virtual Alcohol 101 CD-ROM" thing at the Rec Center.... I had to write a paper for my health class.  First off...the "college students" were named Rodrigo, Yuan, Maria and Wesley.... this is the most diverse campus EVER. One white student named Jennifer (of course) ! Haha..... not to say thats bad just unrealistic. Anyway they all went to these parties and i had to choose whether they accepted a drink or turned it away. OF COURSE i accepted it! DUH... even when i was soo drunk that i couldnt walk i took more... i figured i might as well enjoy my virtual drunkeness.  So then my "roomate" tries to pressure me into taking a shot.... (of course im supposed to say "Sorry, too many calories im trying to lose weight" -which was one of the "10 ways to say no" LOL!) but i took the shot.... slammed it down! Oh yeah. Then i got to the "virtual bar" it was great.... i got to choose which alcoholic beverage i wanted and then put my weight in. So then you pick your drink and it asks if you want to "sip" "drink" or "slam" ..... i SLAMMED EVERY ONE!  I got completely drunk in like 20 minutes... it said that with the ammount I drank i should be passed out and vomitting... haha. I think my BAC was at .498 or something. Anyway so I enjoyed my virtual alcohol poisoning.... great experience...too bad all it did was make me want a "Sex on the Beach" nice try though! Stupid "educational" things like that DONT WORK.   So i still dont know when my surgery is.... the doctors assistant hasn't called back yet which is pissing me off because we have left like 30 messages!!! Im tired of waiting... just cut out my plica and let me run damnit!   Yesterday the McDonalds Drive Thru employee was totally hitting on me... she was like "Nice rose... (i have one in my car)" "Did you get it for valentines" I said no... and then she was like "Awww.. no boyfriend or anything to give you presents?" I was like YES I DO HAVE ONE..... i made it very clear. She then proceeded to talk to me about britney spears how cute my car was and how pretty my eyes were..... ewwww. All i wanted was my cheeseburger!  Anyway yeah i still wanna do the tshirt thing ijust have been busy and havent gotten on top of it. I will do it though. I promise.   Betsy i need Photoshop, Quark, Illustrator, Flash but for MACINTOSH. So if you can ask him that would be WONDERFUL.   HAPPY BIRTHDAY HEATHER! You are now officially at the age that has no purpose.... 23.... nothing special occurs for the next 7 years.... which really isn't special.. more depressing.. the big 3-0 .... but then again at 25 you CAN RENT CARS... thats big! Yeah anyway Happy Birthday and now you are the same age as MIKE. Wow i feel like im dating r.kelly... its only 4 years difference tho not 15!   Dena, Sue, Angela, RPW : shoutout.  www.rpwcan.blogspot.com  HOLLA