         HOLLA!  First things first:  Everyone loves it when the entire world knows when their birthday is, including me, but I didn't wanna be one of THOSE girls who's like, "It's a month before my birthday"  and then "Only 2 more weeks till my birthday!" and then "10 more days, everyone..."  "Guess what happens in exactly one week from today??"  and then "OH MY GOSH, my last 5 days of being YOUNG! AHHHH"  and "Holy shit, my birthday is almost here ALREADY??  2 more days, ya'll..."  and finally, "Wow, my birthday is TOMORROW!! Yikes!! That TOTALLY SNUCK UP ON ME!! I'm not READY to be older... WHY ME???"  and then "Yay for me!! It's MY BIRTHDAY TODAY!!  It's gonna be the best day ever!  Thanks for remembering, everyone!!!  You guys are THE BEST!!"  So, thankfully, I didn't have to do this, because Dena was two days early with my birthday wishes, which was perfect timing, cause now I get to tell you all when my birthday is (February 28th) AND I get to start the official countdown (TWO MORE DAYS... This SATURDAY!) without sounding like a stuck up self-centered bi-atch!!  It's a win-win situation for me! THANKS, DENA!  You're THE BEST!!  haha!  So yes, I'm almost 23, and I already can't wait to turn 24!!  I just wanna skip over 23; does that sound weird to you guys??  I don't really have any birthday plans, and all my friends and family keep pestering me about it, "What are we gonna do for your bday??" they ask...  I'm just not into it this year.  Maybe my spirits will change in the next day or so.  On the upside, I'm getting my hair cut/colored on Saturday!!  So that'll be exciting.  My friend Rachel works at a pimp salon, so she's totally gonna hook me up as her birthday gift to me!! Yay!  National Cuddle Day.  That's funny.  Okay, I don't know why that made me think of stuffed animals, but it did, and that reminded me of this website that my friend andrew told me about.  It's all about "Plushies"  as in stuffed animals, and "Plushophiles" as in people who molest/have sex with stuffed animals...  gross. haha!  Lemme find the website...  ...okay,   here it is !!  happy cuddling, girls! haha!  Time for TAMMY!! (Muscles class... yay!) Heather  P.S. Lions ARE sexy... especially plush lions!  I remember getting turned on when post-pubescent Symba and Nala were gettin' on in the Lion King! haha!