         very interesting study on the oral sex/cancer stuff...  i like how they used the pc terms "cunnilingus" and "fellatio"...  haha!  But i guess "new study shows that munchin' beav and suckin' cock" might be a little out of line...  Seriously, shawna, what's with the HUGE XXXL promotional t-shirts??  It's like, they want it to be one size fits all or something, so they guarantee it to fit the HUGEST person in the world, and then make everyone else deal...  I hate it.  If they wanna be cheap, they may as well get all XXSMALLs cause that way they're using less fabric, but... whatever.  Sue, I need the quick low-down on Mardi Gras/Ash Wednesday/Palm Sunday/Good Friday/Lent, etc...  I was in class today and so many people had smudges on their foreheads, and so i quickly remembered that it was ash wednesday, and then i got to thinking about all of the Catholic holidays...  It goes something like, they save all of the Palms from Palm Sunday before easter, then almost a year later they burn them and put the ashes on your forehead...  why,  i don't know.  and then Mardis Gras is fat tuesday, which is when everyone becomes a glutton and indulges excessively in all their favorite things, because it'll be their last chance before they give it all up for the 40 days leading to easter during Lent, right?  and what about good friday?  now, i'm not catholic, so i'm sure i have some of this wrong, so i thought you could clear things up for me!   okay, next topic: the Passion movie.  I don't know if I wanna see it anymore.  My mom saw a prescreening on Monday, and she said it was so violent and disturbing...  I read Roger Ebert's review of it today, and he said it was by far the most violent movie he has EVER SEEN!!! yeah.  and he's seen a lot of movies! he said that it's 126 minutes long, and out of those AT LEAST 100 minutes are of Jesus' killing...  yikes!  Well, the movie is supposed to be only of the last 12 hours of Jesus' life, which were pretty brutalizing, so i guess that's what i should expect... anyway, i'll probably still go see it.  my mom's like, "well, if you do go see it, make sure that once Pontious Pilate says, 'okay, go have him flogged,' that's a good time to get some popcorn and linger in the video arcade for half an hour or so, cause you won't miss much..."  haha!  Dena, marijuana perfume would SO SELL in boulder! haha!  but then everyone would be walking around smelling like SKUNK.  gross.  but cool.  Oh, and shawna and i decided that if ya'll aren't already coming to colorado soon, that you two could drive up here for a visit, but shawna's not allowed to drive for obvious reasons.  haha!  either that, or i could come down there. either way, i was jealous after seeing all  the crazy fun you guys had in Arizona, so she promised me a good time this summer... chalk full of synchronized swimming at midnight and totem-pole dancing!!  alright, i'm using my brother's laptop right now, and the battery is dying, so i'm gonna publish this before i lose it all...  ciao ciao!