         HOLLA so, i invited this guy (the hot guy at the weightroom that i was saying sue could come makeout with) to come swimming with me and my track team for a workout since he is recovering from a torn ACL. well, he said...yeah, i'll come...so naturally all of us girls were excited to be seeing him in a bathingsuit...we're talking brad pitt in fight club body....mmmmm. so anyways, he calls me and is like...."hey dena, i can't come swimming with you....but give me a call and we can 'hang out' this weekend together". so i guess it's prob. about that time to let him know that i have a boyfriend. mmmmm....but he is quite hot. yummmy...i'll try and get a pic so you guys can see what he looks like (or at least his amazingly beautiful chest).  i know how to get your v02 max now guys...so if you want to know what it is.......i can do it for you (but i have to test you in the weightroom on a machine).  learned it in my personal training class...this class RULES!   sue, we are slackers...what's up with that. sorry...i've been in a blogging slump...i have no good news (well, not until now). yesterday as i was leaving from my workout.....i walk outside and it's snowing like CRAZY. we're talking blizzard like conditions. so i'm driving.....naturally can't see a thing cuz my wiperblades are falling apart and my car's pretty old. but i manage to make it home after driving by several cars that drove off the road. .....aside from that.....I'M GOING TUBING TONIGHT! snow tubing of course. i can't wait...it's gonna be sooo fun. we'll see if i can get another dent in my leg like last time. (yeah, last time i landed on top of the barrier that's supposed to stop the sled and got a huge bruise....which later turned into a permanent dent in my leg muscle. pretty strange stuff).   so yeah......i'm highlighting my hair tomorrow night....herbal essence style (did i already say that in an earlier blog?). well, i am. i can't wait! maybe i'll throw in a little pink and blue too! haha.   alright...i'm out like a gay guy, dena