         NEVER SEE "NORTHFORK"... OMG it was sooooooo lame!!  It didn't make sense, you couldn't follow it, and the scenery sucked so you didn't even wanna watch it for that reason... it's one of THOSE movies, where you suffer through the entire thing cause "it's gotta all come together in the end..."  BUT IT NEVER DOES.  Yeah.  Way to pick 'em, daniel! haha!  (Except he actually apologized for this one, which is rare for him, so you KNOW it was awful!)  Sue, i like a nice comfy pair of sneakers as much as the next girl, but remember:  it's FASHION NOT FUNCTION in this world we live in, sweetheart... so pony up, strut your stuff, and quit your bitchin'!!  LOL LUV YA GIRL TTYL STAY SWEET!  dena, sorry to hear about your chicken episode...  but way to pet the dog that bit ya!  you showed that chicken whazzuuup!  and i'm with you on the lameness of the Passion controversy...  people, have ya READ the Gospels??  It's all there, and it's been there for 2000 years!  Just because the Gospels aren't being sugar-coated as a pleasant story with (as one pastor put it) a "Mr. Rogers-mystical Jesus," doesn't mean that the story is all of a sudden new and anti-Semitic...  wake up, world!  REVISION:  Shawna, your blogs are always so great, that i've semi-changed my mind about novel-blogging...  Girls, if your stories are pimp and keep us wantin' more, BLOG AS LONG AS YOU WANT...  just no lame-tongue novel-blogs, okay??!  All in favor??  AYYYYEEE.  shawna, you have great "friend-hook-up" techniques! my personal favorite is the classic, yet seldom implemented, shove-your-friend-into-thier-crush technique! haha!  funny stuff...  and i liked the random hug in the hallway part, too... lol!  well, it's that time again... off i go to work on my senior capstone project in the second basement #2 of the engineering dungeon...  if the power were ever to go out and we were trapped down there, there would be no hope since cell phone reception is less than zero down there...  and it's so depressing with no windows or anything...  wish me luck.