         HELLO. Its been YEARS since i have been on here... maybe not... but its been a couple days which is YEARS in blog time.  I had a wonderful wonderful weekend!!! SOO Much to say but apparantley im not allowed to write anymore NOVELS.... so ill try to keep it short n sweet... (even though i like reading long blogs its makes it more meaningful... haha)  friday: First off I was talking to one of our baseball players friday about the game and brad cherry walked by. I thought this was a good time to introduce myself because i have become shawna the super baller who isnt afraid to meet new people :) ! So i walk up to him and im like... "hey you went to klein right" He said yes and then i told him i did too and asked if he new my slutty sister dena. He was like ooh yah that slut i remember her. Just kidding but after a little bit of thinking he remembered you. So i told him i was your little sister and he then told me his name was brad (i was like I KNOW... duh) and i of course had to tell him my name because he had no frickin clue who i was... but he was very nice and shook my hand. What a sweet boy sue you should date him. Anyway i thought i would mention my encounter with the fellow klein grad.    Later that night i went and played halo and i won THREE GAMES.... this is BIG NEWS! IF you dont know what halo is then just know that i am a haas.   saturday: Mike and i walked around the village because it was the best weather ever... 80 DEGREES MY FRIENDS! We shopped and ate lunch at the best deli on the face of the earth. Its call Kahn's... i recommend anyone to eat there.  Then i stood in line at victoria secret for about 5 hours to buy 3 pairs of underwear.... the sad thing is there was only one person in front of me... the sales lady was RETARDED and didnt know how to check people out so i just threw the underwear down and stormed out.... i was trying to make a statement. haha.    Later that day..... Me my friends bo janay and cynthia left on our road trip for good ole college station. Last time i went it was awesome this time it was 10 times better !!! SOO MUCH FUN! We went to some party where there were a bunch a girls who didnt know how to dance so my lady friends showed them all up.... i of course was restrained to doing the "Lisa Sprain" because of my knee... i still balled it up though... haha. Actually i spent most of my night hooking my friends up with random people. I of course began drinking as soon as i stepped into angies apartment, if you are going to have fun... you gotta go all out. SO I DID. I was pretty much drunk before we left for the party... (it was like 9:30... haha).  Bo liked this one guy so as he was walking by i pushed her into him which started a conversation... i am such a good hooker upper..... Then i forced angela to make out with "house boy" as she referred to him as... dont know why but thats all remember is the name "house boy" ... then i run into ...drum roll please..... stephen moreno! haha Yeah he didnt know me but i knew him... and once again had to mention my slutty sister. So i ended up talking to him the whole night just because ... i dont know. But i did. Anyway he told me about how his band (glass intrepid) fell apart and blah blah blah. THEN  i ran into SHANE BEANE... hahahhahah dena remember!?! Yeah he was there and i informed him that i was dating mike so i hooked him up with my friend cynthia. Man did i tell you i am good at hooking people up? Yeah well i am. It was lots of fun. Oh yeah i forgot to mention there was a naked guy running around in a sock and of course i got a picture with him. I will post it on my webshots.... its funny. We ended up leaving the party to go back to angies dorm then off to another... but i got to the dorm and just went and saw my friend... to say hi.. And We talked a little and by the time i got back my other friends had abandoned me to go to their party. which was fine because it was 3:30 am and i was tired..... but then i was just stuck at angies dorm alone. And because i was out of it i for some reason thought that i wasnt allowed in her room even though it was unlocked so i stood out there for like 15 minutes all confused... Then this guy walks by and is like "you look scared... do you need a hug?" i was like... um i guess. SO he hugged me then i went in her room and passed out.....and woke up at 9am ALONE. they never came home!!! hahaha ! Anyway there are a lot more funny details but it was just altogether a grand ole time! Oh yeah and when i was driving home i pulled out of a parking lot and ran over this invisible median.... it was hilarious because we all thought i hit a person... i was like OH SHIT. My car has no damage thank god. But when i got back i did notice my dual exhaust was missing.... so either it fell off or someone in college station yanked it!! Jerk offs! Anyway thats all for CS.  Bets my friend jason said he talked to you at soccer4all or whatever its called.... funny.   I saw miracle yesterday.. kinda cheesy but still inspiring.  anyway i gotta write a paper now. sorry if my story was jumbled and confusing but there is a good chance im still drunk. So ill speak with yall later  HOLLA