         ahhhh... that's more like it!  thanks for keepin' it real, sue!  and way to shake it like a polaroid pic-tchah last night! haha! i've never actually seen bridget jones diary...  should i?  dena, i forgot to comment on your dream...  sounds prosthetic! i mean, prophetic!!  maybe you'll have a 3some soon.  let's hope she's hotter than she was in your dream.  or maybe the pathetic, I mean, prophetic part of the dream is that it doesn't matter what the person looks like... if they're interested, you'll hook up with anything that has a pulse! LOL LMAO TTYL SISTA CALL ME WE'LL HANG OUT!!  Shawna, I'm curious to know what the job description in the paper said that made kelly and katie wanna go apply!!  $160 for a handjob??  That seems a little steep to me.  I mean, just across the border in good ol' mejico, i hear it's only $10 for a BLOW job (US Dollars, of course)...  And what? if they only put down $150, that still doesn't make the handjob cut??  that's silly!  so, i got a nasty email from this chick who bought one of my Hermes ties off eBay...  the tie has these little bears on it climbing trees, and i thought they were koala bears, but i guess they're not... anyway, she's like, "These are NOT koalas...  blah blah blah... i'm mad... blah blah blah..."  So   check out the auction ... even if the description DID call them koala bears, you have a huge frickin' CLEAR ASS picture to show you what they really are.  did you not even LOOK at the pictures???  hellooo??  anyway, i told her to send it back to me, and i hope she does cause i know i could get a hell a lot more than $50 for it anyway...  people are so dumb.  So I went to the CU rec center last night with Jeff (my brother) to work out, and we get there, and all he wants to do is play foosball!  so the nice sister i am, i play a quick game with him, and then he's like, "hey, let's play again!!"  and i'm like, "Jeff! I'm gonna go WORK OUT."  And he's like, "Okay... i'm gonna stay here and play by myself and practice my passing..."  I'm like, okaaaaaaay... So I go for a quick run, do some lunges, go ride the bike for half an hour, etc, and i walk back to the foosball table and jeff is STILL playing by himself! haha!  so i go work out some more, and then i finally saw him in the weightroom working out his legs, but the second he saw me, he's like, "Alright, you ready to go??"  haha!  man, he is one pathetic LOSER! haha!  (Okay, in his defense, he is like the foosball king...  he's even ranked nationally or some crazy shit!  it's up on some foosball website, i'll ask him what the link is...)  aight, i don't wanna be a hypocrite, so i'm cuttin' this off now.  gonna go get me an Orange an' a shhNIKKah...