         ahoy matey or mateeees i should say.  Im bored. And very uninteresting yet i will try and make this blog as exciting and jaw dropping as possible. Even if it causes me to lie. YOU WILL NEVER KNOW.... hahahahaha. Ok i wont lie and if i do i will tell you that im lying.  Im sitting here in the computer lab as usual with a huge bag of ice wrapped around my knee. ITS AS COLD AS CANADA! My leg is turning purple... probably not a good sign. oH WELL.   So i got home from health class this morning to find my sliding doors in my bedroom open. Mike says he did not open them which only leaves one explanation: A GHOST lives in my room.  Ok maybe the 3 people that live at my apartment could have done it but i still think its a ghost... why would my roommates open my sliding doors??? A ghost has much more reason to do so .... even though ghosts can go through walls... DAMNIT nevermind. Maybe it was a robber who decided that i had nothing of value to steal. HMMMM. i guess we will never know!  Yesterday i called katie (my roommate) to ask her something and when she answered the phone she was cracking up. So i asked what was up and she proceeded to tell me the following:  Her and my other roommate Kelly went to get a job interview at this place they found in the Daily Cougar (which is my school newspaper).  Well they show up to this place which looks like a fancy shmancy Spa Place where people would go to get massages and manicures and such. WELL they go in for the interview and they begin listening to the job description, they notice playboys laying on the table which they find odd.... The lady explains that the men come in and that they have to give them massages.... and then she says "and if they lay out more than $160.00 then you have to jack them off!" .... and she also explains that you have to do this naked! Katie and kelly were just like... uhhhhhh ok. And katie felt bad for the lady and didnt want to make her feel like a whore so she just acted like she was interested. The lady also said that if the men want to eat you out that if you dont mind it is ok.  HAHAHAHAHHAA I have never heard of this type of corporation before..... !!!! Isnt that funny as hell... there is actually a place in houston where women are paid to give men HAND JOBS! hahahha. Oh man now i offer katie and kelly 160 dollars every once in awhile to make fun of them. OH man that is hilarious. (P.s this is a true story)  Guess what. Me my friends janay BO and Cynthia are going to College station this weekend to visit miss angie pangie the great. How fun. Despite the fact that she is blogging slacker of the century she is still my favorite ho-bag. Yay. It will be mucho fun and i will take many pictures with my new digi cam! Oh yeah i got a new digital camera... it is the size of an audio cassette tape... i got a good deal on EBAY. So i had to get it. Ebay is way to addictive so i have banned myself from the site until i have money, which is probably when i SHOULD ban myself.  I signed up for this company where they pay you to take surveys and what not where you can make 200 to 400 dollars a week. Well there was a ONE TIME fee of 29 bucks... so i was like ok thats fair. Well i paid but then my internet f-ed up and shut off and i never got to the page where you get your password. SO i emailed the lady and told her that i want my money back. SHe was like... you cant get your money back its NON REFUNDABLE... so i wrote a very nasty email back saying that she can either give me my money back or give me a membership... and i included a few cus words... i was pretty steamed. But now i realized that she might not give me either... damn.   i became one of those people who reads peoples computer screens... Hey if they can do it so can i. So the guy behind me is looking at the site "facethejury.com" which is where you meet people on the internet. Well he has like 10 girls pictures up and he is looking at their profiles. Haha... do people actually think the internet is the best place to meet someone??? COME ON... you have a better chance of finding love in a gay bar (if you arent gay of course) or a STRAIGHT bar (if you arent straight) YOU GET MY DRIFT. OH man that really chaps my ass. LOL It doesnt really bother me that much but i have always wanted to say "that really chaps my ass". IT feels good to say. SAY IT. ITs fun.   I still have 1 HOUR AND 30 MINUTES till i have to start walking to class.. OMG that really chaps my ass. Oh fun, its fits in everywhere!  A BOY NAMED SUE (OR COURTNEY?)  There was a boy named courtney yes thats right i said boy he said hi to me in the hall but i thought he was playing me like a toy  I knew nothing of this man his face, his voice, his name yet i said hi back to be nice at least that was the plan  Shawna, you dont know my name he cried with disbelief I replied with a chuckling no and stood there melting in shame  im courntey, you know your football friend we talked inside the weight room Oh yeah i thought with joy The guy who didnt let my workout end!  that was my poem about my akward confrontation with a boy named courtney WHO was the same guy i wrote about in my poem about my workout a couple weeks ago... oh man he is famous! he is all over this blog and doesnt even know it!  UMMM anyway i really cant think of anything else interesting. I had to think really long and hard about stuff that happened that MIGHT Be slightly interesting.....  sue.... your blogs have decreased in content heavily since you became a heartbreaker.... what are you putting Dicks before chicks now!??!? huh, huh? Yeah thats what i thought.  Betsy: Shoutout. Sorry bout your luck. (fat ankle/funny hip)  Heather where ya at ? I feel like i havent talked to you in YEARS. Man blogging is way too addictive its like if i dont get my blog hit of the day im bummed. ITS A DRUG... Hi my name is shawna and im a blog-aholic.   Dena are you and John coming to spring for spring break? I am going to visit jill, B, Gina and Pat in san antone for like a day or so. And mike and i might also get that room in galveston. Oh yeah the coldplay cd you sent me.... it was all f-ed up.... the backing was peeling off so it wont play. Can you send me another one por favor? and this time DO IT RIGHT. hahahhaha   gone because THAT REALLY CHAPS MY ASS :) HOLLA