         HOLLA I could be watching Real World right now but no!  I am blogging.  You're welcome.  Well Shawna I'm glad you liked my profile...it's so true.  Stop wanting to name your kid Madison!!  It is stupid.  It's not so much the name Madison more than the idea of everyone wanting to name their future child something unique.  What these assholes don't realize is that if everyone names their kids something supposedly "unique," it's no longer unique.  It in fact becomes stupid.  People are stupid.  Moving on...  Yeah I'm talking about Ricky Stillwell.  Do you know his screen name?    As for the survey, I'm all for Janet's tit.  I agree with Sue.  Shut up Janet you obviously fucking planned it...stand up for yourself.  The real idiots in this whole situation are the people who got offended.  And why?  Because they are the dumbfucks who fell for the publicity stunt.  If you were honestly offended by it, fine that's your prerogative.  But if you want to make a statement about being offended, leave it alone.  She did for attention in the first place and that's exactly what they're giving her.  What's so annoying is that we have men and women dying for our country right now...in fact there are horrendous circumstances occurring all over the world, and people are bitching and moaning about stupid shit like a breast and whether Bush evaded the Coast Guard or not.  Who cares.  Prostitution?  Yeah legalize it.  Why are we wasting money and energy trying to arrest women who have innovative ways of making money?  But seriously, it's not like these women are horrible people.  Most of them are probably single mothers who are fucked b/c the fathers of their children won't pay child support and their shit minimun wage jobs aren't going to cut it.  It's not like they want to be protistutes...they're trying to survive.  And if you're willing to pay money for sex, then do it.  It's your money and it's your body.  Ok I'm tired of writing.  Oh yeah I went to the chiropractor today and my entire body got popped.  It was neat.