         as per the discussion on breasts: i find that the janet jackson boob thing has been taken too far. i think, first and foremost, janet insulted everyones intelligence by trying to say that it was not planned. hey janet, if it wasnt planned why the hell were you wearing a nipple shield. and furthermore, if you are going to expose yourself on public television dont be a pussy about it, show the whole damn thing. if i were a parent it would be a lot harder to explain why this lady had needles through her mammary gland than to cover their eyes or say oops, i cant believe that happened....on to the real issue, the breast. i respect the fact that CBS is all bent out of shape that a booob was shown. fine. but I felt more uncomfortable seeing the football cheerleader jump around doing splits in white spandex bras that clearly are see through and reveal everything. and we see that everytime they return from commercial. also, there has been talk that mtv is to blame because they had that song playing and everyone was dancing provactivley--i blame society. im sure it was the same mothers that were watching the game with their kids that are the mothers and go out an buy the justified or stripped cd. you idiots. if you dont want your kids exposed to sex at a young age, stop buying them cds and calendars and magazines...believe it or not, kids dont make income and are completely dependent on their parents. morons. as for the breast itself; i will take a feminist view and i will take a conservative view. i think women as a whole should be proud of janet. if guys can walk aroung with their shirts off--im thinking every tv show EVER has had some sort of beach scene--then what, other than a little extra fat makes it any different. women should encourage the showing of breast, especially ugly breasts. the more ugly breasts that are seen (the better and better my little hot ones will look) the more the man rules world will have an idea of what real women look like. CONSERVATIVE: sure, with the values that america believes that it is trying to instill in its youth today (and the fact that america believes that its not suffering from a deep moral depravity is sad in itself) was uncalled for. however, its done, and should be left at that. its too late to fix it. it was unneccesary and had the potential to offend a lot of people. maybe next time, cbs/mtv will pick a little less provactive, a little more TEXAN (c'mon it htown--they should have had beyonce or a country singer) preformer that isnt out to make a come back by proving that sex sells. no shit sex sells...which brings me to my next subject...  prostitution. i realize that i am little long winded when it comes to these things but i hope i am getting my point across. this one is fairly simple. i think we should legalise prostitution and drugs.  there is the potential that the US GDP could rise nearly 30% (thats almost a trillion dollars people...well not that much but ALOT). not only would legalization make money for the government via taxation but it could also be regualted. drugs and sluts alike--mandatory std test and quality assurance. (insert sarcastic tone here--->)its sad that a bunch of rich kids have to die in plano every year because the coke that they were snorting was cut with rat poision--this stuff SHOULD be regualted. despite my lack of sympathy for crack addicts and people who cant get laid, i think, yes, they should at least have a chance with out the stigma of also being a criminal and hell, why dont we try and make a little money off these losers while we're at it. i see the future for lots of drug companies...plus if drugs fund terrorists and terrorists are a problem, it seems like a pretty easy way to cut out the middle man.  well, holy shit, that was long and pedantic, but it need to be said. i have plenty more where that came from but for now i am biting my tongue. well actaully, im not...but i  did burn my tongue on my soup and it hurts like hell.  well i had a productive day and got my papers done, woohoo, but now i feel sick and its 8 so ill probably go to bed.  oh yes, my valentines day...well i had asked charlie when we were really drunkif he wanted to go to the play that me and my friend liza and her friend ( a guy) from out of town were going to see (this was on friday). he had said that he had plans (which i fully expected) and then after i had got on the bus, he called my cell and said NO! he wanted to go to the play and that hed cancel his plans. good on, charlie, good on. so we met up for the play (it was called DINNER and was the darkest comedy that ive ever seen, i really liked it but the ending kind of sucked--she dies--haha, i ruined it for everyone). anyway, then we all went to a chinese buffet which was the shit because you know i LOVE buffets and CHINEESE people. well, i like their food. THEN  we went to a club which was super cool but i think that we were some of the only 30 white people there--needless to say i didnt notice as i was making out the entire time. and we danced all night again. best dancer ever. i love it. so lots of kissy kissy kissy kissy and then its time to go--it was like 2 and i had been up ealry and run 11 miles that day so i was sort of tired--i think i was really tired as i fell asleep on the bus--so then he walked me to my bus which didnt come for ages and pulled the old you can stay in my guest room...i didnt think that would work out quite as i would have planned (you know the part where i actually DO sleep in the guest room)so i declined and we madeout until the bus came. we were those people. i kept laughing becuase i hate those people. ahhaah, take that those people. i can be you too. harharhar. so we like charlie because hes super cool, dances and is a little PUNK-Y. i love punk people. theyre sooo cool. hes a punky banker. ha!  but as my flat has already decided, ill probably fall out of lurf with this one within the week. we'll see. i neeed to go home with him so i can see lame tongue though, because, frankly i thrive on other peoples being awkward. it makes me feel powerful. is that weird. is it weird that i have delusions of taking over the world too?? in a corporate sense of course, i would never try to do it politically or militarily--its really just not feasible these days--its all about the benjamins (thanks diddy)  ok, as you are all bored out of your mind reading my atrociously long blog, i will let you go. i will comment on everyone elses blogs tomorrow.   laaaaaaaate