         woah! all i have to say is: MRI's + Clausterphobia = BAD.  Good thing im not clausterphobic... but i almost did freak out a couple times.  Let me tell you of my adventure:  I go get in the taxi which was waiting for me outside... if you have ever seen Hands on a Hard Body, think the black guy who eats ORANGE & a Snicka for track workouts..... thats what my taxi driver looked and talked like... He even called himself "a cuntry boyyy" (sorry if you have never seen the movie but you know how a reason to go rent it... ITS AMAZINGLY AWESOME).  Anyway he starts telling me about how he has been waiting for me for 50 minutes... and trying to make me feel bad. First of all i got in the cab at 4:13... I was told he wouldnt  be there till 4:15... so why the hell he waited for me for 50 minutes i dont know... but it was definitley not my fault. He dropped me off at the doctors.  I HATE...HATE waiting rooms... they suck!! Its a bunch of sick people coughing and sneezing and being loud and it just grosses me out.  Maybe i just hate people.... yeah i do hate people... but waiting rooms suck too. Plus they make you wait for like 2 hours even though you were there on time for you appointment. why do they say be there at 4:45 if your not going to get seen until 6???? Anyway i finally got called after an hour of watching this arabian man blow 20 gallons of snot into the same snot rag...EW. Ok so the man tells me i need to change into a gown. Ok sounds easy.  I was in the dressing room for at least 20 minutes... i couldnt figure out how to put it on.... i finally walked out with it on and the doctor says.. hey i think you got that on backwards.. GREAT... thats not embarassing im too stupid to figure out how to put on a hospital gown!  SO i fixed it and then he layed me down on the table and we made love. Ok i made that part up. I layed on the table and i had my leg elevated...like REALLY ELEVATED. He put about 40 sheets stacked up and my leg was on top of it. I didnt quite understand this since it was my OTHER Leg that was being screened. Anyway... so he pushes the button and i go inside the worlds smallest tube. HOLY CRAP... i usually dont get freaked out about small spaces.. but this was like a CLOSED TANNING BED but 5 times smaller... scary! The whole time i was in there the freakin machine was knocking and making loud buzzer noises.... and the doctor says... go ahead and just take a 45 minute nap. Um HI.... im in the worlds smallest space with the worlds loudest buzzer noises and you expect me to sleep??? I dont think so. So 15 minutes pass.... and my leg is started to go numb because not only am i NOT ALLOWED TO MOVE.... my leg is on top of 40 sheets.... it was hurting bad. All of the sudden i got this itch in my throat. Now i have had this chronic cough for the past month where i just randomly and sporatically cough out of no where. Yeah well god decided that this was the perfect time to make me cough.  It wasnt ANY cough... i was hackin something up... my entire body was throwing itself around because i was coughing so hard.... i actually HIT MY HEAD because i was coughing so hard & i was wearing those foamy ear plug things and one of them popped out... haha i bet it was a funny site.  But then the guy said on the speaker "are you ok...thats quite a cough" and i just started freakin out.. i dont know why.. but then i couldnt breathe. So i was coughing and having an asthma attack and practically laughing at the same time because the whole situation just made me laugh. Finally after 5 minutes.. i stopped. & i had laughing tears running down the side of my face so the guy thought i was crying. He was like "everything is going to be alright" ... i was like thanks for you reassurance doctor who just sat and watched me have an asthma attack for the past five minutes. So there i am ... being as still as possible with dried tears on the side of my face and missing an ear plug...and i still had 30 minutes left.  I turned the load knocking noise of the machine into a song and made up my own words.... and i finally fell asleep. Like a minute after i fell asleep the guy woke me up and said "alright we're done.... I liked your song by the way" ... Apparantely there is a speaker right next to my mouth and he was listening to me.... this doctor has to think im crazy. I dont remember to the words of the song i made up but im sure it was no britney spears. (I LOVVE BRITNEY...sorry had to add that in). Ok anyway i left and the same taxi guy took me back and told me the story of his life... It wasn't an interesting story so i will not tell you.  Anyway that was my MRI experience.... we'll see how the results come out. They will probably find some kind of problem in my brain that means im crazy or something!   Ok well i must go workout and stuff.... but yall write on here so i have something to come home to!  PALEASE.   Sue who cares about having a stone cold heart..... use boys. Its the way to go. Then one day you will be bored of using boys and finally fall in love with someone and you can be all sappy and say..."you are the first boy who i have loved... you melted my heart." And then i will laugh at you for being gay... i mean QUEER.   TTYL LOVE YA MISS YA LETS HANG OUT CALL ME.LOL  HOLLA