         almost everyone has plica but its completely useless and only sometimes does it bother people. I am one of those people therefore i am getting it cut out.  So SBC calls my apt today and asks for my roommate who is not here. (she handles the bills) ... Well the lady says: We are cutting off your phone services if she has questions call SBC" then hangs up.... so there is a slight possibility that i might not only not have a phone but no internet as well! I cant live without the internet .... and i have a CLASS online! If my roommate didnt pay the bills that means she pocketed my money... hmmmm i might have to regulate.   Im watching True Hollywood on Demi Moore. She is old..... and doesnt need to be dating ashton... she was 24 in 87! She was babysitting ashton then. That would be funny if they found out that she DID indeed babysit ashton... haha.   I got THREE A'S in art again. Luc loves me. A Count: 7 B Count: 2  I hate to bring this up but since it has been thrown in my face every day since it happened i have to talk about it. Janet Jackson's boob. First off... this is being called a SCANDAL, it is NOT scandal.... it was a 2 second mardi gras on network tv. WHO CARES.... its not like boobs have never been seen before..... In sociology and women's studies we talk about how our society freaks out when they see a boob... but the question we need to ask ourselves is "why are boobs so wrong to show off?" What makes flashing a boob on TV immoral? I think people (women... some men) who have boobs should be able to show them off whenever they want. THAT IS MY OPIONION. It pisses me off that people find this offensive, to me that says the offended either A)is a flat chested woman or B) Is a man who cant get any . People need to get over it.  Also i discussed prostitution today... whether or not it should be legalized... i say YES! It would open up so many doors for people (sluts) and it would make the women and men involved in it more safe.... The Prostitutes in Las Vegas live in nice houses and are all tested for STD's.... think of how much the STD rate would go down, also the govt. could tax it and then make more money... i say YES TO LEGALIZED WHORE HOUSES. P.S - Porn is prostitution ...(multiple people getting paid to do it) So why is THAT legal? HMMMM something to think about.  Poll of the day: 1) Is janet jackson's boob offensive? 2) Should we legalize prostitution? TELL ME YOUR THOUGHTS!  Betsy i love your profile... you are so right about madison, world peace and the use of cutie in screen names.... I was tempted to fully copy your profile and put it in mine but i didnt have enough room. Well done on amusing me. Oh yeah is this ricky kid Ricky Stillwell? A kid that went to klein and is a year younger than me.... i know he is a computer wiz.   WELL LADIES i must take a shower... i havent done so since FRIDAY! NO JOKE... im dirty. Im not afraid to admit it... i would go longer w/o the shower but i am starting to smell myself... well once you start being able to smell YOURSELF that means you stink.   Yall BLOG. im getting discouraged by the lack of blogging lately.... is this blog just a fad to yall... becuase to me its more than that... its a lifestyle. LOL GIRLS jk but seriously BLOG.  "gone like elvis and his mom" - this is a song its called GONE by Switchfoot...   HOLLA