         long time no blog.  Well Im glad yall had fun either loving or hating valentines day. I had a good time in the woodlands... nothing too spectacular.... we actually didnt get to really do anything because i had to work a track meet saturday so we were driving back and forth.  It was alright though... we spent a nice 12 dollars on Pay Per View and saw "Once Upon a Time in Mexico" and spent 45 bucks on room service! Yah well i figured i might as well splurge its not like i get to stay in a resort for free every weekend. EXCEPT the fact that mike WON ANOTHER  stay at a resort in galveston for two nights in another race! haha... yeah we are thinking of going over spring break or something. On the way home from the woodlands yesterday mike and i got some james coney island and we took it to this playground and ate.. IT was such a great day sooo sunnny! And we sat on the jungle gym thingy and ate our hotdogs.... it was quite fun. Then we played on the swings and monkey bars... monkey are def. a lot harder than they were in elementary school! I stole the salt shaker from james coney island because i needed salt for my fries and after we ate our food we started pouring salt down the slides... it was odd yet very fascinating!! We were literally shaking salt down every slide for at least 15 minutes.... we were both amused. Then i pulled what i like to call the "double shake down" where i poured salt down TWO slides at once. LOL it was strangley fun. We actually ran out of salt and had to quit. But i will introduce you all into the wonderful world of slide salting.... its great. Later that night we watched UH play UT (baseball) in minute maid park... we played a hard fought game and almost won (they won 6-5) But it reminded me of that year that we (dena betsty sue) went to minute maid park and bought standing room tickets and sat in the cool seats behind DERICK BELL and were obnoxious fans. That was mucho fun. We were so cool and I was alright with derick bell... anyone remember that?  Well im glad yesterday was a nice day because today SUCKS thus far.  First off i had two things i had to do at 9 am... 1. Doctors Appointment 2.Paper Due/Quiz ..... as you can see i am ONE person and can only be at ONE PLACE AT A TIME..... so i had to walk to the facility tell the doctor i would be late... then walk 15 minutes to my class tell my prof i had a doc appointment then had to take a quiz in 3 minutes and walk back to the facility all before 9:20...... This was not fun. Then the doctor tells me im not ALLOWED TO WORK OUT! (bc of my knee!) And that next week i should get my plika cut out.... (surgery) .... So now im going to get fat and then i have to have surgery which will make me even more fat. Actually i dont care about getting fat but i actually do want to work out!  And after my surgery he said it will take at least 6 weeks to get better and it might be hard to get back to running quickly... GREAT.  THEN... i had a meeting with MR. Leroy B. today about my scholarship/grades etc. He is a JERK OFF. First of all THREE people told me to talk to him because i would prob. get my scholarship back .... so im like ok great this is exciting. I go talk to him and he tells me the following things:  -Because of this i have to explain to MY supervisor why this is happening it makes the program look bad -We need to start thinking...well we need the money (my scholarship) to find a REPLACEMENT for you for the better of the program -I think you should PROVE to me that you deserve having a scholarship in the first place before i give you one... i only think you have a 50/50 chance of getting eligible again... why would i put my faith in you? -You might as well not appeal the scholarship because you arent going to win   he pretty much told me that not only did i make the program look bad but that he doesnt want me on the team ... he wants my money to find a REPLACEMENT (hi im a HUMAN BEING .. not a car part) and he threatened me for appealing this decision because "I WONT WIN" anyway..... does this sound like a COACH to any of you? I understand him being mad about me doing bad in school.... but he can at least support me and encourage me to do better.... Last year he had a runner in the same situation who got to keep their money... this runner was a SPRINTER. Hmmm interesting. He is a jerk... im really pissed off. But im just going to get good grades run fast and then transfer schools and run fast somewhere else so i can shove it in his stupid face.   anyway im tired of all this scholarship/school/track shit... really im not upset about having my money taken its more of the fact that i dont feel like the coach really wants me on the team in the first place.... OH well.   ON a lighter note i got a 98 on my health test. YAY shawna's smart.  About the tshirt thing... i cant find ANY software cheaper than 400 dollars... which i find to be bull crap. Even bigger bull crap is that the UH student discount on the software i want is a WHOPPING 10 DOLLARS OFF... wow who knew that you could pay 390 instead of 400 ....those are some big savings! Student discount my ass. anyway if any of yall can find some cheaper let me know i will send ya the money... i need: -photshop -quark -illustrator -flash  all on Mac!   Ok well i need to go do some homework if i wanna pull off this 4.0.... I will blog ya lata....   out like me when i leave (cant think of any good ones)   HOLLA