         woohoo!!!...booo, its monday. the woohoo was for the kick ass weekend i just had, before i go on about another kick ass weekend i would like to explain to you that my during the week time is sooo freaking painful. i am at school in the library everyday between 9 or 10 and i do not leave school/the library until at least 6 at night--hence the need to make my weekends worth it (im not even inclduign the studyign that i do in my room!)  SO, on friday, i met up with my girlfriends (girlfriends as in friends that are girls not the queer type) for some drinks so we could figure out what are plan for the night was. and then super fantastic charlie texted saying that he was looking to meet up. woohoo, points for him. anyways, my friend natasha is dating his friend so they come to the bar that were all at and we have some drinks...i met some old fat guy earlier in the night who was WASTED and he kept buying me and liza cosmopolitans so i was pretty sure it was going to be a kick ass night. so then our big group went to this clun called on anon, which i thought was the coolest thing ever because its sounds like "on and on" and i guess i was a little tipsy, but i still think its cool now and im completely sober...hmm, odd...anyways, i continued to drink and then dance. since i am the dancing queen now i was ON FIRE. and the best part is is that charlie dances and its sooo european and soooo fun. and i actaully didnt mind dancing with him the whole night. normally, i cant stand dancing with the same person for more than half a song...bg points for him. im sure it helped that while we were dancing there would be periodic making out. because we were too busy being ray on the dance floor, i lost track of my group and by the time i stopped to take a breath, they were all gone. SO i had to figure out a way to NOT go home with him (liza was my out-girl). well, i did--thats why i love running--such a good excuse. i DID have a race the next day (not til 2) but i got to say that i had to wake up at 7. that scares most people away. so he walked me to my bus stop and said adieu. i told him he was the best valentine ever (it was 2am) because i only had to spend 2 hours with him. i am pretty sure this kid thinks i am WEIRD. ahhh, i have class, more on saturday LATER. you jokers wont even be awake to read this so dont worry, youll get the whole story all at once.  later