         HOLLA so i really don't have much to say, but I noticed that there wasn't a single blog for today, and that never happens, so i wanted to keep the spirit alive, yo'!  (That, and I didn't want shawna to administrate on our asses when she gets back tomorrow and sees how much we've been blog-slaking while she's been away...)  Had a GREAT V-day! Daniel treated me to all my favorites!!  He wined and dined me at our favorite Subway joint (haha, i know this sounds cheesy, but this really was my dream V-day!!  Well, for this year, anyway!) Then we headed up the canyon for some good ole fashioned gamblin' @ Blackhawk!  We even got stuck in a MAJOR traffic jam where we weren't moving at all, so I even got a little makeout-in-the-car action -- high school style!!  Talk about romantic!  I'm addicted to this one slot machine called "Jackpot Party!"  It's soooo fun!  It plays "Macho Macho Man" by the Village People every time you go to the bonus round!!  But I ended up $20 in the hole at the end of the night, and I think Daniel lost about $10.  And I'm such a gambling freak, i can't ever stop, so Daniel had to drag me away, stomping and screaming as I resisted, so that I wouldn't lose all of my money! haha!  It's so funny -- I was so mad at him for making us leave!!  But as soon as we got in the car, i realized the situation i was getting myself into, and was so grateful to have a boyfriend who really looks out for my best interest.  (This is where you all say, "Awwwwww...")  So then we headed back down the mountain and snuggled up on the couch watching our favorite shows!  It was perfect!  So, I've been checkin' out all sorts of websites to get ideas for the layout and look/feel of ours! In fact, if you guys see anything really sweeeeet that you want on our site, tell me the URL and i'll try to reproduce it!  Betsy - glad marisa's out of the H.  Hopefully things will only get better from here.  and sorry that you're so anti-v-day.  it didn't help that i screamed it in everyone's face below, huh?!  I have to, though! I LOVE february! It's my birthday month!!  Yes, that's right, gals, I'm gonna be the big 2-3 come the end of this month...  Kinda scary.  22 was so fun and sexy, but 23 seems so old and boring.  i guess there's no turning back now...  a'ight foolios... i'm out.  can't wait for all the weekend updates tomorrow morning!  P.S.  Look at the time stamp below! I barely made the Feb 15th cutoff!