         Question of the day: Why are all the computer lab "chaperones" asian?  First of all i would like to say Happy Valentines day... Its not till saturday but i will be pimpin it in the woodlands all weekend so i dont know if ill be able to blog much. I WILL DO MY BEST THOUGH. In the valentines spirits anyone lookin to find a mate?? Well how about a   BLOG MATE?  haha i found that to be pretty HILARIOUS MYSELF... but maybe thats because im not lonely and lookin for love.   Well i dont know if i mentioned this before but katie (my roomie) bought a dog a few weeks ago... and she decided that since she is NEVER home to take care of it she wanted to sell it.... well mike and Jerry (My coaches hubbie) decided to go half and half and buy it... its new name is   SPIKE  (or max... we arent sure) But since mike paid for it partly that means i kinda own it too... so the good news is i HAVE A PUPPY... yay. The best part is i dont have to feed it clean its poop or play with it. Hoor-freakin-ay ..... But today when i delivered it to Jerry it was running around and it crapped and i didnt see it and i got it all over my shoe... it was mucho disgusting.   SO my apartment has this funny smell today.... its like a gaseous smell.... definitley some kind of chemical.... dena maybe while you are periodically doing it on tables you can figure out what chemical is floating around my apt. Im afraid to go home cause i dont wanna die or explode... which is pretty much the same thing. Of course it is possible that i could survive an explosion and be like that kid in france who was paralized and couldnt see taste or smell BUT he was able to move his right thumb.... so maybe i would come out of the explosion with some right thumb action. Lets keep em crossed. The french boy did later ask that he be taken off life support... i guess his thumb movement wasnt enough to keep him happy. A moment of silence for le thumb boy ------ OK .... new topic  Heather you should check out h-town. One day its 40 degrees... the next it 87 ... craziness. Today its light sweater cold. I cant wait till summer. You know whats funny... im taking a class on procrastination for my health class.... the paper on it is due next week and i havent gone to the class yet! Hahahaa.... the life of a procrastinator.  Have yall seen the Family Guy. Most definitley the funniest show ever. I bought Season Two yesterday and have been watching it non-stop. Its hilarious. This is a quote from the show:  Wife: "You are such a child peter" Husband: "Well... if im a child that means you are a petifile and i will NOT be lectured by a pervert!"  ooh good stuff.  I got another ultrasound today... once again IT HURT. I ask the trainer every time.. "is this supposed to hurt" they reply with "No... its not" so i say well.. if it hurts what does that mean? > "Uhh.. im not sure" - and then the conversation is over like its no big deal..... im glad the trainers at my school CARE about my injury. Stupid trainers.   Well this is a little off topic... or REALLY off topic but i was thinking about this summer when me dena heather and brianna got hair dye that stays for one night.. it has some cheesy name like :Rock Star Color ... or something p.c. queer like that .... anyway we all looked soo HOT... we were definitley   ROCK STARS   .... anyway i left a little picture there for you all to orgasm over.   I cant stand when people in the computer lab leave their phones on and they go off every 3 seconds and have some gay ludacris ringtone and they talk really loud.... this happens everytime im in the computer lab... there is at least ONE annoying person every day.   I have art tonight! Last time we did the most useless thing since LINE DRAWING... We had to shade a 19 inch box from dark to light.... i pretty much used my ENTIRE pencil doing this project and it took 3 HOURS... it was soo p.c queer! Well my art prof decided that he would use the joke 'today we are putting the FUN in fundamental"  everytime we are doing something cool. And tues when we did our stupid shading he was like "I think today we are doing the Mental part of Fundamental!" (my class is called the fundamentals of drawing)... see this is not funny to me at all... in fact i find it very lame. He mentions this almost every day... despite the fact that NO ONE EVER LAUGHS.... Luc is such a nerd. He also leaves the studio every ten minutes and is gone for like 20 minutes.... we all think he sniffs coke in the bathroom or something.   well im going to take my math quiz seeing that i have procrastinated until now to do it.  I will leave you with something   FUNNY  ... it makes me laugh everytime i see it.   HOLLA