         It snowed and snowed and snowed here!  But today, nice and sunny and blue skies!  I put some   before and after shots  online, if you wanna see em'...  Dena, your printing fiasco was HILARIOUS!!  You are so funny... so, did you ever get all your stuff printed out??  And your nerd shirt is good.  I want a shirt that says "Amps are prickly, Volts are warm..." JUST KIDDING.  One of my EE professors put that as an answer on a multiple choice test as a "joke", and as you can tell, it was SOOOOOO FUNNNNY!  *sarcasm*  What the hell does that even mean??  Hey, that'd be a funny shirt:  "Sarcasm is my orgasm... but you wouldn't be able to tell the difference."  Okay, that sounds kinda lame-tongue, but maybe someone else could word it better...  So, I agree, Daniel's silly song is SUPER CATCHY... I can't get it out of my head.  Even though it was a joke, daniel said he kinda likes it now, so he's gonna redo it for real and put it on his new demo album.  (But he said he's gonna change the words a bit to eliminate the cheesy factor! haha!)  Seriously, Sue, way to score!!  (oh, and great job at your race, too!)  Charlie sounds like one fine catch!  And your mom seems really hip-to-the-jive!  haha!  Shawna, loved the newest poem...  "What's cooler, than bein' bad-ass?"  "COLD GRASS!!"  "I said, What's cooler, than bein' bad-ass?"  "COLD GRASS!!" "Allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-allright-NOW LADIES..."  "YEEEEAH?!"  etc...  **sing to the tune of Outkast's hey ya**  So, I have a HUGE presentation for my Senior Capstone project that was supposed to be due this Tuesday, so I was all motivated to get crackin' on it and be productive, but then my prof just emailed everyone and said it's been delayed a whole week.  booya! motivation gone.  oh well.  Speaking of procrastinating, i am the worst procrastinator i know! Once in highschool my youth group was assigned to read a book about something we struggled with, and then come back the next week and share what we learned.  So the day to share rolls around, and my youth pastor's like, "okay, Heather, what did you read, and what can you share with us?"  And so i show them my book and I'm like, "well, my book is on how to stop procrastinating, but I haven't really started reading it yet..."  haha ha haha...  I honestly didn't realize how PATHETIC that sounded!  Everyone started laughing. it was funny.  Okay, i'm out like the sun in colorado... Heather