         heather i love the flash! does that make me white trash?  I think i might be....  tee hee tee hee  The song is so moving It keeps me grooving I cant handle your sexy voice It makes me want to rejoice  Our site is so badass its cooler than cold grass Hopefully we make money if not, at least we are funny  I thought i would make my opinion into a poem.... i dont know why cold grass made it into the poem but .... it did. I really like "take 1" it makes me smile.... Tell daniel GOOD JOB on the song... haha i actually was singing it earlier today and my friend was like "what song is that?" .... I told her only the cool people have heard it and its about to be a hit on the radio... she believed me... stupid girl.   Today i went to mcdonalds (are you surprised) and this army man was in there. He ordered some fries. The employee handed him the fries and he takes a look at them and makes a fuss... here is the convo:  Army Man: "These are Overcooked" Employee: "Well they were cooked for the correct amount of time" Army Man: "Well they are brown, are you saying I AM WRONG?" Employee: "This is how they are supposed to be" Army Man: (throws bag at her) "Make some new ones and MAKE THEM RIGHT THIS TIME"  Army men suck.. his fries were perfect golden french fries.... what an anal man. So when i ordered my food i said "ill have a number seven and some overcooked fries" ... the employee laughed and the army man did not. OH i love people who suck.... they give me stories to tell.  I went and got an oil change today in jersey village because that is where we got my car.. well it took them an hour and a half! Im sorry but it does not take more than 30 minutes to change oil.... Jersey Village sucks.... Then this crackhead man was talking to me and mike and he wouldnt stop talking about how much he LOVES NIKES (but pronounced it NIIIIKE... as in dyke) .... i dont know where he came from but he just felt the need to tell us how much he loves his nikes.   well i have to go to women's studies now..... so i suppose that is it. Sue congrats on your australian booty. dena: shoutout.  HOLLA