         HOLLA first off, Betsy, i can't believe your friend is STILL in the hospital!!  How awful/stressful!  Keep us posted.  Second, mac and cheese is da BOMB!  although i don't really like easy mac, so props, Dena, fo' keepin' it real, yo.  Third, i always see commercials for My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiancee, and it looks hilarious, but i haven't seen it yet.  i'm too busy watching American Idol!!  Now, i know what y'all are thinking...  American Idol??  That is SOOOOOOOO two seasons ago!  And you're right, it is, but see, I never watched a single episode until this season, so i'm all into the hype and what not! i even dialed in my vote for the first time tonite!!!  And finally, what you've all been waiting for... the cheeseball Flash movie in all it's glory!  Now, let me reiterate that daniel and i tried to collaborate our skills on this to add some commercial flair, but it just turned out darn funny...  so please remember the it's not serious.  I REPEAT. IT'S NOT SERIOUS.  OUR REAL SITE WILL BE PIIIIMP.  Okay, having said that, you'll need   Flash Player  to view it if you don't already have it (it's free), and make sure your speakers are on to get the full effect!  And don't worry, it's SUPER SHORT.  the whole movie is only a few seconds.  well, the song is long, cause he didn't know how long it would need to be, and i didn't bother clipping it, i just plugged it in...      HOTees & Co.  Take One.    Well, at least the preloader part is cool.  And I was trying to get my voice all sexy like the tetris chick, but my mic is so cheap that any whispery talk just sounds like loud noisy static.  oh well.  Okay, on to bigger and better things...  Take Two is in the works as we blog (read: "as we speak").  Oh, and for now, daniel was kind enough to let us put our stuff on HIS site, which was a much safer bet than putting it on a site that I get paid to administrate and use up all their space.  So our temp site will be   hotees.danielluthjohn.com  until we can fork up a couple bucks for our own site!  ta ta! heather