         HOLLA  ya'll knew that i was born with a 0.4 cm penis, right?!  Yeah, i'm actually a boy, but they gave me the sweetest vagina any guy/girl could ever ask for, so i'm not complaining...  well, website stuff is slowly coming along...  still no cgi scripts, i won't really need them until we actually have a product to sell online...  So, I've been slowly teaching myself Flash and I wanted to make a fun intro screen for our site.  So, since I've never made any Flash files that use sound or dynamic text and stuff, I was just sorta throwing stuff together quickly for fun, experimenting with different features and trying to learn as i go... WELL, the end result was SO CHEESEBALL!!  Oh my gosh, it's like, White Male Supremecits' Harley Biker site for a KKK rally, or something!! haha!!  and to make things worse, I asked daniel if he would record a little song that could be playing in the background, and so he asked me what kind of site it was to get a feel for the type of music.  So i said, "Oh, you know, we're mainly targeting college/high shcool girls to start with, anyway.  and we're gonna have lots of fun and silly t-shirts, and then probably some inspirational girl shirts... you know, whatever..."  So he whips up this song and brings it over so i can embed it in my flash movie, and when we played the movie together for the first time with the song and my KKK intro, we just BUSTED UP LAUGHING!!! The two are so completely opposite it's rediculous... I think he took the "inspirational girl power" theme a little too far... i mean, the song's good, but not with the intro!  It would need to be a lot more flowery floaty floofy to go with the song...  You'll see what I mean...  As soon as I'm finished making the preloader, I'll upload it and post the link... hahaha!!  I can't stop laughing...  Shawna - i like the color scheme... i'm gonna go with it on the REAL site.  Alright, i'm gonna finish this lame-tongue intro real quick so you guys can see it and laugh, too... Heather