         im glad no one has anything of any importance to say. scratch that...betsys JV soccer team won. woo-freaking-hoo (no, really, job well done). we are lame. we need some excitement in our lives. fear not girls. its thursday and that means one more day until friday and friday is when i go out. and all hell breaks loose when i go out.  oh! i have some news. i am seriously deranged. for real. there is something wrong in my head. last night, peter called and i pulled a classic sue move. i watched the phone ring. i THOUGHT about picking it up, but didnt. then i listened to his message which said to call him or he'll call me tomorrow. did i call back? no. i am over him. i hate him. its sad really...i almost feel bad for the guy. he meets me, falls in love with me, and sooner or later (sooner, like now) i'll break his heart, cut off communication and never talk to him again. WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME???????? soon after the call i made the self discovery that i am F-ed up, i warned all my flatmates to not fall in love with me, it will only end up in tears...and i, and my stone cold heart, will travel off into the distant sunset with out a care in the world.  sue freedom...spinster and lunatic.  the girl next to me is eating a salad and it smells amazing. i am eating nuts. theyre crunchy, thats really all they have going for them.  i have to write a paper on how steam power, coal fuelled steam power in particular, was the reason that england was the front runner of the industrial revolution, sounds exciting, huh? well, let me tell you...it is. insert extreme sarcasm here. the really sad part is that i am intrigued by the topic. i guess this makes me the biggest loser out of everyone.  hey, betsy and shawna, my brother is having a super bowl party and hes got a margarita machine--ya'll should go. PLUS mike knows my brother so i am sure he could go. PLUS, betsy KNOWS my brother so i am sure she could go...wait, has he already called you, you slut bag (jk, lol, miss ya!)  ok, sorry i didnt write yesterday but i had a very busy day...i ran 16 miles and found out that i got into the LONDON MARATHON! yaaaaay. now all i have to do is raise a bunch of money for charity. i hate charity. my charity is for babies so i dont have a problem with it--babies havent doen anything wrong, yet. needless to say, i expect you all to make a donation--ill be home in march and expect some financial restitution from you and your families--its a tax write off deal with it--and im only asking for 2 bucks--more if you want.  ok, i have to write this damned paper. ill get back to blogging later. peace out homegirls