         Back from Spring Break and I already can't wait for the weekend to get here.  This has been the SLOWEST WEEK EVER.  and it's only MONDAY. yeah.  So, just got back from dinner with my dad.  We ate at Johnny Carino's and it SUCKED.  I hated it.  Doesn't hold a breadstick to the OG.  But had a great time visiting with the pops and the brother and sister and their significant others.  Heard some VERY interesting family stories [read: gossip] about Sara's trip to Roatan...  haha!  Actually, on my family's behalf, someone brought the story up, and me and Jeff hadn't heard the news, and we're not a family to gossip, so we actually sat there for 3 minutes debating on if it should be shared or not.  anyway, now that i realize that i'm a hypocrite since i'm technically gossiping right now to you all, I won't go into details.  just know that some family toes were stepped on...  I can just picture G-ma going crazy over that one...  Speaking of G-ma, SHAWNA!! Have you not learned anything from the YEARS and YEARS of "NO E.C." practice with grandma to know that when a psycho approaches you, ESPECIALLY a chatterbox psycho, you DO NOT make eye contact!  The second you do, and you're doomed to listen to their stories for hours...  i'm disappointed.  Also, Shawna, speaking of Roatan, my beloved father is yet again leaving for Honduras in the morning.  He said that YOU are supposed to be picking him up from the a-port...  just thought i'd give you a heads up.  i warned him about your knee surgery, but i don't think he was listening to me.  oh yeah, and your surgery sounded scary... no me gusta.  My spring break consisted of a whole lot of NOTHING.  Just how i like it!  although, i did list a crapload of stuff on eBay!! That's always fun.  I swear, it's my favorite hobby, and it's actually a fairly lucrative one!  I can't go wrong!  You guys should check it out and   bid on my stuff ... haha!  38 days till graduation...  My Senioritis is getting so bad that I actually slept thru my only MWF class every day the week before spring break... and it's at 3:00 in the afternoon! oops!  i just don't care anymore, you know!  wow, i hope i pass...  maybe i should try to buckle-down and focus, huh?!  betsy, i'm so glad you weren't murdered @ that gas station!!!  i think we all should invest in bulletproof vests...  i mean, they warn us and educate us about rape and sexual assault, but they tell us nothing about serial killers!  they should really pass out the bulletproof vests for free just like they do the rape whistles, don't you agree??  Hi Jaime! welcome to the blizz-og...  send me your pic so i can put it with the rest of ours.  oh, and yeah... who are you?  haha!  fill us in on the details...  i'm guessing you've probably been reading our blog for a while, so you probably know a lot about the rest of us already, but if not, you can always check out the   archives !  that's all i got for now.  HOLLA back, y'all.