         well hello. I am back. Kinda. I have officially decided that i AM DYING. Yes I AM DYING. I am in the most pain i have ever been in and it sucks.  Everybody who told me my surgery was no big deal was completely lying to me.  I am supposed to have been able to walk since the first day. I have been on crutches since thursday and cannot walk if my life depended on it.  I have REAL LIVE CANKLES... my foot is swollen i have the weirdest looking bruises all over my leg i have to take 2 hydrocodone every 4 hours to feel semi alive and i have massive bruises under my arms from the crutches.  Oh yeah and my throat feels like death... app. anasthesia gives you the worst sore throat you will EVER experience. Mike has had to take care of me every minute since thursday and today he has work so how i am going to survive i do not know! But i do have to study my ass off for my algebra midterm which i do not know how im going to do when im high off my codone. I will tell you my adventure.  This is the story of when 3 holes pick to live in a knee and find out what happens when you stop feeling alive and start gettin real... painful.  so thursday i woke up at 8:00 am and mike drove me to the PSC medical center.  There i sat in the waiting room for about an hour waiting and waiting and waiting. Suddenly Kelvin Kato, a center for the Houston Rockets, walks in all tall and rich and signs in and goes STRAIGHT into his appointment. I guess celebrities dont have to wait.  Anyway so finally i get called in and i have to take "all my clothes off except my panties" ... the nurse made it seem like a big treat to get to leave my "panties" on... i was like THANKS. Anyway so i put on my gown... (no mess ups this time. haha) and my little hair net thingy and laid down.  All the sudden this gigantic nurse who looked like a man with a wig on comes up to me with a needle and just sticks it in my hand.. no warning.... she was like "wow you have some good veins" ... thanks... i guess.  And then she goes "here comes your margarita" i guess this was the beginning stages of my Anasthesia. Anyway so here i am getting poked with all kinds of needles and the doctors and nurses dont tell me anything.. normally you would think they would tell you what is going to happen with the surgery or at least clue you in that they are about to stick an IV in you. But no... nothing. (PS Kelvin Cato is right next to me getting his arm checked up).  Ok so then after gettin drunk off that "margarita" (it really makes you drunk, haha!) they rolled me into this FREEZING room (REALLY FREEEZING) and they injected me with something that felt like ice going up my veins. After that i remember NOTHING. Its weird how i have 3 hours of my life that i have no recolection of.  So anyway i wake up all groggy at about 12:30 and the nurse is looking at me laughing and telling me i have to get up. And my knee is in pain. So i kinda wake up and i get dressed and mike meets me and starts talking to me.  Apparantley i fell asleep every 5 seconds. He said he asked me a question and i started talking then just fell asleep.. then like 15 seconds later i woke up and finsihed my sentence. haha.. This i dont remember.  So i guess i continued to go in and out of sleep all the way  home... the next thing i know i am laying my bed and feeling like shit.  The rest of that day i really slept. Seriously think i slept for 24 hours.  It felt good. And i was still tired when i woke up.    Ok so the next day was the worst! I had to get up at 7 am to go up to the school to do rehab with the trainers.  This was very painful.... i had to do all kind of excersizes which hurt so bad i actually started crying.. infront of football players. Very embarassing. So they let me stop early.... then i had to go to class! I walked or... crutched all the way to class on the other side of campus and it took me a good 45 minutes to get there. When i did get there i was all sweaty and all the seat were taken so i had to GO DOWN THE STAIRS to the front row of seats. No one even offered to a) open the door b) let me sit in their seat.  People suck. Anyway i was on my codone so i was practically falling asleep in all my classes.  That night i was tired of layin around so i went to the Rice Track meet with mike CLos and T.... on the way there i threw up in the car... it was sick. IT was like black puke..... i dont know why i threw up i guess something made me sick.  But after that i felt better and i finally felt like i could eat. I had only eaten a bight of a sandwich all day.   OMG craziness came into RunSport that night..... (runsport is the running store mike and CLos work at) anyway so we were just sitting in there talking and they were about to close.. it was 6:28 and this obviously gay man walks in really fast. In my head i was thinking.. great another man who likes to come in right before close and not buy anything.  But he walked by me and goes... "hey i hurt my knee.. dislocated it" and then keeps walking. So i fake laugh and said cool and thought that was it.  Well then he decided that i was someone he could talk to. So he comes up to me and starts telling me all this weird stuff and talking really fast.  He says he is being chased by the FBI and 3 people are trying to kill him and shows me some scars on his wrist from shots the police injected him with.  Then he starts talking about verticle horizon and how it makes him cry when he listens to it. THEN he starts singing it and crying! ANd poor me i couldnt get up and walk away because of my knee... so im just sitting there kinda laughing.  And then he starts talking about all these people that i dont know and how they arent his real friends... and how britney spears and him both do gymnastics and how she did gymnastics in her toxic video but he is not supposed to tell anyone.  He also said Mickey Mouse is really supposed to be called Mortimar and Walt Disney killed marylin monroe.  This guy WAS CRAZY. Then mike and CLos came over to me to save me and then he started talking to them. He talked for at least 20 minutes... we were all just shocked at this man. He was seriously the craziest person i have ever seen.  I cant even describe it to yall... i wish i had filmed it or something. Anyway we finally kicked him out and he left.  IT was funny yet kinda scary.  Ok sorry had to fill yall in on that.  But yesterday still gimp and hurting but we went to the Klein Relays to watch kelcee run.  She did awesome she got 5:04 in the mile and won it! I visited Yates and Reidel.. (my HS coaches for yall who dont know) ... and it was fun.  But i also fell down the stands on my crutches which was not cool.   Today i woke up at 6 am because i couldnt sleep and my leg hurts. STILL. 4 days later and i still cant walk. Doctors lied to me.... i hate them.  But anyway hopefully i dont die today because this is the first day i dont have anyone to help me... so i think i might just be in bed all day. And i wont eat.. but i havent really eaten in the past 4 days anyway because i think my medicine makes me not hungry.  Oh yeah the doctors gave me ambien too which is sleeping pills. They are awesome. RIGHT when you take em you pass out... soo cool.   Ok well this is relaly long and i dont know if i made any sense because of my drugs... but i will post a more enlightening and hopefully happier blog when i can.  I will take pics of my leg so yall can see the cankles and bruises.   Thanks Heather for the Card... app. i can answer a few quesitons in NOT A LOT OF TIME. haha Awesome.    Late  HOLLA