         well well well... look who finally decides to blog... EVERYONE.  Lemme tell you, there's nothing more depressing than BLOGGING TO YOURSELF FOR OVER A WEEK!  I was planning on "getting my revenge" since I'm on Spring Break now, and not blog for the next 10 days, but no on would notice, and besides i'm a loser and need to blog about all the not fun things i'm gonna do this week.  I'm glad i didn't miss out on much in HTown...  but this just means that come summer we must par-tay...  let's go to vegas, or something!  even if just for a weekend...  or maybe Mt. Rushmore! that would be fun... jk!  so, i had a very embarrassing moment last week...  i had to go work @ the shoe store and i was already running late, but i "really needed" my tall skinny decaf vanilla latte from Sydney's Cafe nearby, so i quickly ran in to get one before work.  Now, the day was beautiful, and i'm wearing my cute white extra-flowy, extra-mini skirt and lookin' hot!  Unfortunately, it was EXTRA-WINDY, and if y'all have ever worn a skirt like that, you know that any wind just sends the skirt flying up like a hot air balloon...  well, this of course happenend to me, and it was right as i was walking down Pearl Street Mall, which was fairly empty except for the two different groups of men who you DEFINITELY don't want lookin' at your scanties (well, unless you're dena, of course):  One, the very "FESTIVE" construction workers on my left (*see below for definition of "festive"), and two, the criminal jailbirds in their bright yellow suits doing community service cleanup on my right! So of course i freak out when my skirt goes flying up and scramble to hold it down, but in doing so, i TOTALLY spill my latte all over the front of my skirt! Now, all eyes on me, since i'm the only person walking the mall, and I'm so embarrassed and the wind picks up, and good think i had on regular panties and not a thong...  (oh, and they were my cute green ones since it WAS st. patrick's day, thankyouverymuch)  Next thing i know, i hear all this whistling, and I'm not talking whistling wind, here...  So i run into the nearest alley and evaluate the situation.  I'm late for work, i can't go in with coffee spilled all on the front of my WHITE skirt, but i don't have time to go home and change.  So i think fast, and luckily The Pulse (the gym where i workout) is right next to the coffee shop where i got my latte!  I go in, run into the women's locker room, take my skirt off and start scrubbing the coffee stains out of it.  meanwhile, all these women keep coming in and there's me, standing in my green panties washing my skirt in the sink!  LOL  i finally get most of the stains out, and then i spend the next 10 minutes drying my skirt with a blowdryer! haha!  thank God for the gym!  I got it mostly dry and then decided it was good enough and i had better get to work.  So, I swallowed my pride, held my chin high, and re-walked past the festive construction workers and the criminal jailbirds... what a morning! haha!  this is a story with many morals:  think fast in emergency situations, wear panties you're proud of, and give the boys a good show!!  *FESTIVE:  the story behind the PC term "Festive" is this... a few years ago my Mom's dad moved into a new, cheaper apartment on the south side of town.  Translation: low-income housing.  My mom helped him move in, and when i saw her next, i asked her what his new place was like...  She's like, "Oh, it's very nice... really spacious... nice view..." blah blah blah... and then she says, "Oh, and he has some very FESTIVE neighbors... they seem nice, but they only speak Spanish..."  So "FESTIVE" is basically the PC term for any persons of Hispanic/Latino decent.  LOL!  Gotta luv moms, you know?!  dena, sucks to go from warm tropical weather to freezing blizzards!  it's actually been really nice here with high's in the low to mid 70's.  (i am such a weather girl!)  Oh, i was gonna post the pics from my b-day of all us girls walking in the blizzard in heels, but i haven't gotten around to it yet.  maybe i'll go do that now.  but in the meantime, I posted some of my other pics on my Yafro site.  It's   heathercapri.yafro.com  if you wanna see 'em.  I still have to post my bday pics, and bunch others, but it's a start...  Shawna - luv the new pics!  You and Dena doin' the SEXY POSE THING is HOT!  and yeah, that "beach" looks a little sketchy with all the graffiti and what not.  cute suit, though!  sue, you're sexy.  i rarely even DRIVE 20 miles... and that usually takes a good three hours right there!  haha!  Betsy, Beer Bike sounds like a drunken blast! the only school-wide event CU has to look forward to is 4:20, where the whole campus gathers on Farrand Field at 4:20pm on April 20th to smoke it up... i don't know how that's legal.  but they do it every year... haha!  too bad i don't smoke pot...  Well, chicas, luv that you're back!  i feel whole again.  alright, i'm gone with the wind [up my skirt]... Heather