         HEY YA. Y'all have missed me. I can tell... there is a certain melancholy feel to this blog and it's because i have been missed. Oh well just so you all know i missed you too..... except heather. She stole my man.... so heartbreaking, if you cant even trust your lover... i mean cousin... who can you trust?!?! LOL LYLAS JK SISTA.... i missed you too heather. And we did not have the Annual Holla Blogga Party yet for your sake... so let's all plan out a place and a time and we will do it. Preferabley in the summer!  Well Ill fill you all in on the summary of my spring break 2004 WOOOOOO HOOOOO ROAD TRIP. ok anyway, started out driving down to padre island with   katie jessica and her gay buddy jeff...  who was delightfully hilarious i might add. He made the trip fo sho because he wasnt gettin any action in Straightsville USA and I wasn't looking seeing that I have Mike Michael Michaelson back in h-town..so he and I kinda just watched Katie and Jessica prowl all the men in South Padre (which were all very sleezy and ugly men).  REWIND... before we got to Padre we went to Chorpus Christie for a night. While we were there katie and I were going to the bathroom which was conveniently located by this trashy bar.  Katie and I, for some reason were not wearing any shoes.... but these people told us to come in the bar. So i didnt know what they were saying so we walked in (with no shoes) and this guy goes.... WELCOME 16 YEAR OLDS... which really pissed me off (maybe because i was a bit tipsy and felt like a hard ass)  So I said "Screw You" and walked out. Ohh im such a badass. Haha.. not really but it was funny cause all the people made that "ooooooh" noise afterward. Now in the hotel room we had really fancy   curtains  ....take a look at that pic... isnt that the funniest thing ever?!?! Can we say Ghetto? Anyway back to story... We arrive in Padre which is NOT SUNNY at all... sooo stupid. But we decided to make the best of it. We pretty much just hung out in the hot tub the whole time which at one point was filled with us and 30 MILLION high school students from lamar who decided to squeeze in the tub with us...  bringing their beer a long. They were annoying to say the least. Anyway so that was padre in a nut shell.....   Then i went home and saw family for a few days ...... blah blah blah... saw sue, talked of RPW coming after me and killing me and me getting run over by a car so sue could stay in H-Town to go to my funeral.    Then me dena c-los and mike went to Galveston. It was lots and lots of fun.... we just went swimmin in the heated pool most of the time because it was a bit chilly but the last day it was like 85 degrees so we went to the beach and got all got really sunburned. Dena and mike used my chapstick baby suntan lotion so they both got splotchy hahahha. Mike has zebra stripes on his back. Good Job CLOS! (He "rubbed" it in).  We also played lots of frisbee and went to the movies.  While we were at wal-mart mike let me use a dollar to play that crane game where you try and grab stuffed animals..... well my second try I got the coolest one ever... its my   Metrosexual Kid Andre 2000  ..... isn't it cute... i threw it on the ground so it lost part of its eye.... oops.  Anyway spring break was very fun and you can see all my PICS by clicking   HERE   So im getting surgery this thursday and i decided that since im already gettin my damn plica removed it doesnt matter how much i damage it... so today i went running. Of course with my shirt on because God knows how yucky my body looks now that i havent run in 3 months. But anyway i pretty much limped the whole way and was only able to run 20 minutes... it was too hard!!! But at least i did something.  I also have BRAND NEW nike shox... they are silver and "carnation" which is pretty much silver and pink. They are kick ass... i am kick ass.    Anyway i would love to finish my novel blog but i must go to a meeting with my advisor. I will make this novel blog into a novel "series" ..... there will be many more series to come. So i will be back lata.   oooooooout! HOLLA