         holla.  i am alone .  i am  utterly  alone. by the time you read this, i will be gone,  having jumped  having plummeted off the River Winter Bridge... (-Lydia Deetz, Beetlejuice)  But seriously, y'all, wtf?!  Here I am in colorado, and all y'all are livin' it up, having the time of your lives at the Annual Holla Blogga Get-Together in HTown.  without me.  how depressing.  I seriously almost bought a plane ticket last minute to come fly there for the weekend!  but it's way too expensive.  so i thought about driving there, but it would be a 1137.3-mile drive and take 17 hrs. and 29 min.  (Yeah, i looked it up on Yahoo Maps...)  So, it wouldn't be that big of a problem if my spring break were this week, but mine's not till NEXT week.  boo :(  Well, my lame excuse for not posting in OVER A WEEK (damn!!) is that the shoe store where I've worked on and off for the past 5 years with my brother and sister is going out of business, and they needed a ton of help for their closing sale.  They've been in business for 97 years!  Anyway, i said i'd work ONE DAY, and somehow i got roped into working almost every day for the last week!  They've been SO busy!  On the first day of the sale, they more than doubled their best day ever in 97 years! haha!  anyway, i know it's a lame excuse, but it's the truth.  and then this weekend was my friend rachel's birthday, and there will be some crazy stories to come, but it just seems like i've been go go go lately...  well, here we go: catch-up time.  i already know this is gonna be a novel-blog, so i apologize ahead of time.  But since y'all are gonna be together, how bout you pop some popcorn, curl up around the computer, and have a little story time.  Sue, you can be the reader/storyteller, since you probably have the most reading experience of all of us.  it'll be fun!  So, since i've been working at the shoe store, i've been taking advantage of their great sales and deals. i bought four pairs of shoes and three more for daniel. i don't know how many my mom bought... plus, she's all sentimental and keeps buying their antique typewriters and things! she even bought one of those stool things that you sit on and the customer puts their foot on the ramp part and you help them put their shoes on!!  WHY??  i have no idea.  she seriously cries every time she comes in.  it's slightly embarassing. haha!  Anyway, they pay me so much to sell shoes.  I get $11.50/hr  so i'm makin' bank right now.  jeff makes even more!  he's on commission...    and i swear, all our female customers, especially the middle-aged and old ones, LOVE MY BROTHER!  They'll buy anything and everything he shows them! It's rediculous.  And they're all-smiles when he helps them; i swear he puts a spell on him.  he's such an Al Bundy!  Today I treated Rachel to a pedicure at the best spa in Boulder for her birthday.  it's my favorite place and they give AMAZING pedicures, so of course i got one too!  they really pamper you at this place.  we're talking plush robes and comfy spa sandals and fresh fruit and water and tea at every corner!  it's so relaxing.  definitely worth the $$$.  and on wednesday i got a manicure at my favorite *CHEAP-O* nail salon down the street from a short vietnamese man with ZERO facial hair... didn't speak english.  but, he did a nice job.  i got my usual, a french.  unfortunatley, it's already starting to chip.  i have the shoe store to blame for that.  I almost splurged on the AIRBRUSHED DESIGN look, but changed my mind last minute.  Seriously, who still gets their nails airbrushed with palm trees and zig-zags and camaros??  Can you say TACKY???  And as you know, i also recently got my hair cut/colored, like i said i was going to.  it came out nice, but it's still not what i wanted.  I swear, no matter what i tell the stylist (and it's a different person every time), my hair always comes out more or less the same.  it's hopeless.  no one even noticed, and that's the WORST.  they didn't even notice the cut, and i got a good four inches off.  at least it's not as bad as the time i went to Great Clips.  NEVER go to Great Clips!  I wouldn't even have gone, but it was the night before thanksgiving and everywhere else was closed, and I was desperate to get a trim cause we were having a huge family portrait taken the next dat at Thanksgiving. Big Mistake.  She finishes the "trim" and then was like, "Oh, i notice you have some layers in front... would you like me to touch them up for you?"  and i was like, nooo, better not, in my head, but then the cheap side of me was like, hell, i'm paying for it, may as well.  So she takes her scissors, makes two distinct chunks in front, then FEATHERS my hair all the way to the back!  I left with a frickin' MULLET. yeah.  here's me after getting home and crying at the sight of   my new mullet .  keep in mind that this was more than 3 years ago, so please excuse the out of control eyebrows... haha!  So, i had to pin my hair back for many months until my mullet grew out. not fun.  i would love to be tanning everyday, but there's been no sun.  it faked me out with a super nice day in the 70s, but then snow the next. therefore, ladies, i too attempted the ever-so-popular bottle tan... and now i can officially say that i'm tripple-toned. take that, biotches! i win.  fake tans suck. real tans are pimp but they kill you.  there's no way we'd make it to party in 2099... even with the advances in bio-tech, we'd all have skin cancer and be dead by then fo' shizzle. especially dena, that tanning whore...  and with me and shawna's mentality of getting super crispy red, cause in a day or two, it'll turn to a nice golden brown and all will be well! haha! we are so gonna get skin cancer! i take that back.  i claim my health in the name of jesus.  (we've been saying that a lot lately... whenever we feel a cold coming on, or any other sign of ailment.  so far it's been working marvelously.  speaking of Jesus, still haven't seen passion of the christ...  but still really want to...)  shawna, i'm not THAT "long". only 5'7".  is that long?  how tall are y'all??  (Haha, repeat that to yourself: tall/y'all...)  oh, and just so y'all know, i don't really say "y'all" when i talk.  very rarely at least. (Unless i'm around dena/shawna -- they bring it out in me).  It's just so much faster to type "y'all" than "you guys"  or "all of you" or the worst, "all of you guys"... you know?!!  Betsy, LOVE the cancun stories...  and screw those assholes.  we all know how sexy you are.  and for the record, i LIKE the picture of you on here, but it's oh-so easy to swap...  Girls, your assignment for this week is to get betsy trashed (i know, not a very difficult assignment) and then dress her up like a hoodrat hoochie mama -- well, not skanky, but sexy.  take her pic, send it to me, and i'll put it in place of the one that's there now.  actually, all of you take new sexy pictures this week and send 'em to me.  i'll just have to live vicariously thru pictures since i can't be there with  all of you guys  y'all. haha! Betsy, you're hot and i know it.  if you weren't, shawna never would have invited you to be on this blog. cause she's shallow like that. JK LOL LUV YA SISTA.  Sue, i've never had a frozen coochie, but you may be onto something!  we could totally market it this summer!  We'll have lemonade stands and offer frozen coochies and sno-cones as an ice cold refreshment!  i think it'd sell!  dena, you rock! it's just like me to go half a semester in a class, bomb the midterm (or in your case, sleep thru it), and then drop out! haha! sucks to be us sometimes...  any word from rpw?  kinda sketchy how he just up and bolted...  maybe he plagarized his entire blog and got caught... lol, jk.  he is scandalous, that's for sure.  regan, if you're reading this, and i know you are, you were fun while you lasted; thanks for noticing us and liking us...  well girls, i'm very bitter that i'm not in Htown right now, but what can you do?  Shawna- sorry about the fake phone call from the Houston airport!  I just wanted to fit in and be there like everyone else!  Sorry for making you get out of the hot tub in Padre to stand in the freezing cold in your bikini just so you could call my ass back for nothing!  i am such a bitch.  LOVE YOU GIRLS!  DO ME PROUD THIS WEEK AND POST AS YOU GO!  I WANNA HEAR ALL THE STORIES!!!  Happy Spring Break!  Loooooooove, Heather