         Today, a set back.  Today was to be treatment four, with blood work and a consultation from Dr. Kalter. I was expecting him to say we would need to continue on the same course of treatment for four more weeks.   Instead, he told us that he is not happy with mom's progress and wants to step-up to a more aggressive level.  She is to stop taking the Leukaran, and no Rituxin today.  So, we return next week for three days of treatment:  Wednesday ~~ Rituxan ~~ the same treatment she's had the past three weeks  Thursday ~~   Mitozantrone  aka the "blue kool-aid"  Friday ~~   Fludarabine   Then we visit Dr. Kalter on September 26 to determine if additional sessions are necessary.  If yes, treatment will be for three days every three or four weeks and she may need up to four sets of sessions.  It sounds like there will be increased side effects, although he did say that she will not lose her hair.  She's been complaining about indigestion/heart burn, so he offered her   Nexium .  She said she didn't think she'd need it, but he said she would next week.  Needless to say, she really freaked out.  I think we could both see her shutting down, so Dr. K just started talking to me.  He wrote the chemo names down and made sure I could read them (here's where that journalism training comes in handy).  He has the perfect poker face (guess you need it in his field) and is very low-key in his approach.  She started to cry as soon as we got on the elevator.  This is not good , she kept saying.  This is not what I expected to hear.   I told her that she needs to remember that she is not as sick as the others we see, that she needs to keep this all in perspective.  She settled down pretty quickly and seemed o.k. the remainder of our afternoon, although she was ready to go home pretty early.  I know she is worried.  I don't know if I am doing the right thing to immediately work to shut down her panic.  I don't know if I should let her express it more.  I'm afraid it will spiral out of control and make it worse than it needs to be.  I keep thinking, if only she started sooner. Hadn't waited so long to decide. Maybe it wouldn't be this way now. Guess it doesn't really help to speculate now.  I am disappointed. I thought we were almost done. That it really would be the "piece of cake" she called it after that first session.  I am worried. Maybe this is more serious than I have been taking it.