         Yesterday we decided since this would be an "easy" day that mom would go to chemo on her own today. I had a travel day last week and two three-day workweeks would kill me (yes, I  am  that important!!)(ha!)  I called her this morning to make sure she was o.k.  She asked me,  What time are you coming over?  I reminded her of our conversation, but told her I could go if she wanted me to.  She told me  go to work .  About 10:30 a.m. I called to see how things were going.  Fine, they've given me nausea medicine.  Huh? This is a first.  Well, they're going to give me everything today . What? What have they given you?  I don't know.  You didn't ask?!  No.  She needs to go to the bathroom. I tell her when they come to unhook her to ask, "What am I taking today? How long will I be here?" and I'd call back in 20 minutes.  I guess freaking out is how you could best describe my demeanor.  I worried about her going alone (yes, I know she's an adult), hence the call this morning.  Now, here's the news they are doing new things to her and I AM NOT THERE.  Yes, there is a reason I am not a parent.  We talk again.  They are indeed giving her all three medications today.  Now, either Dr. Kalter misspoke or I zoned out right next to mom when he broke the news on Friday. Perhaps I just have a more convincing "I'm paying attention face" (my college career still at work).  She would like me to bring her some lunch (they are ballparking another four hours at this point).  I am definitely in freaking out mode now, coupled with a minor work crisis (don't even ask).  So, I explain the situation to my boss, pack my things and leave.  After a stop at Wendy's (she loves the Frosty's), I find CTRC jam packed.  When they say Friday is a slow day they are not kidding.  I think at one point there was not one empty seat in the medium-sized waiting room.  All ten chairs in the chemo room were filled. A mixed group. A man who snored ~ loudly~ for about two hours . . . right next to mom. Another elderly man next to mom on his second round of lung cancer. His first day back in treatment in seven years. An older woman (late 80's) who didn't speak English. Alone, getting chemo. Can you imagine?  I immediately feel better.  Something about seeing the toxic cocktail pumped in myself, I guess.  We ate lunch and looked at some books and magazines Jill lent me from her Labor Day weekend jaunt to NYC.  Mom seemed tired and thick tongued, yet . . . different.  Today is really the first day she has talked to me about everything going so well. That she really feels fine. That I don't need to come tomorrow (appointment is at 3 p.m.).  I think she's worried about me being worried (it's an inherited gene, trust me). I told her that if the roles were reversed I couldn't keep her away and she just smiled. I just feel better being there.  Part of those control issues I should be working on.  Yes, I do recognize it's not  real  control.  But in my own little mind . . .  I am one of them now. One of those caregivers who helps in the room. Talking to those alone. Volunteering to get them juice or a snack (there's a kitchen next door with juices, Boost drinks, power bars, rice krispie treats, etc...). Getting blankets/pillows/a magazine. Today I even offered to go get one guy a burger (he declined).  It was 2-ish, he'd been there since before 10 a.m. and was in for about three more hours.  For our last hour the room smelt like someone had an accident in the bathroom.  I guess they can't really spray deodorizor/lysol for fear of getting the entire room going.  Tomorrow should be a shorter day. She's glad to be able to go to a training session for her volunteer job beforehand. I told her we could meet at her place and go together.  She just nodded o.k.  I mean really, what's a few more hours on my earned 75-ish (now) days of sick leave?  My boss told me to "do whatever I need to do," and I believe she is sincere.  Friday will be another short day too.  Again, the blue kool-aid.  I'd be lying if I didn't say it was hard to watch it going into her veins. Her urine will be blue and her eyes/skin may get a blue tint too.  I was glad to hear her joke about checking her for blue eyes tomorrow.  It almost feels like she's really turned a corner, even though what she may go through in the coming days may be worse.  That or she's fearful I'll cancel the NYC trip!  I asked Marla, one of the nurses, what we should expect (she gave us two pages of possible side-effects, complications).  She told us that things should continue to be o.k.  That chemo is really about a cumulative response to the medicine and that mom should have enough rest time between treatments to keep her from getting too sick.  She wanted to go home right after, and told me her legs felt wobbly.  Could be the chemo. Could be sitting in a recliner for six hours.