         Day two. Just four in the room during the 80-ish minutes we are there. Mr. Andrews (from yesterday), an older woman whose son waited in the waiting room, and a woman in for her second treatment. You could see the fear in her eyes. We all tried valiently to distract her while they put the needle in. She laughed. I got her juice. She felt better. I think it helps the newbies when everyone is so friendly. I know it helped me.  Today they left mom's needle in. Secured with a clear bandaid and wrapped well with an ace-like bandage.  Still, just the thought of a needle in your arm. All day and all night. Yuck.  LaDonna was alone again today. She asked for my help in closing mom's tubing. "Are you squeemish?" she asked.  I learned I'm not.  Mr. Andrews talked about his port. It's surgically installed. He loved the "happy pills" they used to knock him out for surgery. He'd like to leave it in for a year. In case of a relapse. He showed it to me. How the long the tube is up into his neck. So it has a true main line to the blood flow.  I warned LaDonna that mom cried her way out of the third treatment last time.  She looked me square in the eye, "Well that does no one any good. Thanks for telling me." I told her it's mom's birthday and that I was bringing cake. We agreed that it might help her spirits.  I saw Dr. Kalter in the hallway. He asked me how she was. I told him fine and that tomorrow was the true test.  He told me, "Well her schnoz definitely looks better."  We left there for an appointment with Dr. Diamond (another 90 minutes of just hanging out). Her cholesterol has gone up since she is off medication. She doesn't have to go back to physical therapy. Her sugar is good. See you in January. Five minutes. Tops.  I got her some gerber daisies and will pick up the cake in the morning. My boss is out tomorrow, so if mom doesn't feel well I've decided I'm going to hang out with her. There is one thing worse than feeling crummy.  Feeling crummy on your birthday ... alone.