         Remember the younger guy I wrote about? The one I thought was dying? He did. Saturday. He was 41. Colon cancer. He was  41 .  Today was a five-hour day. She got the whole shee-bang. All three medicines. It was relatively quiet. Maybe 10 others had treatment while we were there.  Loudly snoring man was back.  Really, he dominates the room. It's obvious the benedryl knocks him for a loop.  When I was taking lunch orders he couldn't even stay awake to reply (and trust me, this is not a man who misses many lunches).  A new charming older man came today. His second of three day treatments, four large clear bags. He was to be there two hours after we left (seven hours!). They can't find his cancer (WHAT?!?). He was really tickled that I offered to bring him lunch -- even offered to pay for mine. He seemed really distressed to lose his hair (and what they heck are they giving him that he lost his hair after only one treatment?!).  He was glad to hear we would be back tomorrow. "You'll be here too?" he asked me. Yep, that's my life. Search out the oldest man in the building and he'll be chatting with me. It's like I have some embedded homing device for men over 70.  Sometimes it feels like those there alone are envious of mom. That I come to sit with her. Chat with her. I feel now like it's partly my job while I am there to watch over the others, even with a nurse on duty. Help wipe up spills. Get juice or water or rice krispie treats. I used to feel reserved. Look away. I mean,  they have cancer . But now, I tell jokes or just listen and ask questions. It's the reporter in me. I really think people want you to ask questions. That maybe, I am the only person they will meet that day that will ask what chemo they are on, what kind of cancer, how are you feeling, any side effects, etc... Today on the way home I thought, "If I win the lottery, I will volunteer here." Me, the one who has to look away when the needle comes out.  Besides a serious leg cramp mid-day she did fine. Felt well enough afterwards to hit tcby and a movie,   Legally Blonde .  It was cute. I was hoping it would be more clever, like   Clueless . It wasn't.  I ran into Dr. Kalter in the hallway. He asked if I thought mom would make all three days this time. I told I that I hoped so. I told him I see a difference since we were in on Wednesday. He stepped in to see her and agreed. She commented later that he was in  rare form . I think it's because he smiled.  Tomorrow we go back at 9 a.m.  Then at 10:30 a.m. she has a check-up with her primary. Just a basic check-up. She's not planning to go to work after.  I think she is getting the hang of this being off.  Remembering now what it's like to be really retired.  She told me this morning she wants to bring cake on Wednesday.  I told her I'd already thought of that. I asked her what she wanted the cake to say. She said  not Happy Chemo Day .  Uh, I meant mom or Kay? She laughed and picked mom. I ordered it tonight. Chocolate. I hope she feels well enough to have a piece.