         Whew. Where to begin? I loved New York, but I am glad to be home.   Wednesday  We really just walked and walked and walked. Through Times Square and the theater district. The lights of Times Square are amazing. Breathtaking. Shocking. Had dinner at the Java Shop, where I saw Chris Noth, a.k.a. “Mr. Big” from Sex in the City.   Thursday  Had breakfast at a deli before staking out our standing spot for the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. We ended up across from the Ed Sullivan Theater, home of the David Letterman Show. I loved the parade. The balloons and celebrities – just awesome! Had lunch at our hotel. A nice buffet, although their definition of traditional Thanksgiving dessert and mine were totally different. Bring on pumpkin pie. Pecan pie. Not flan or pink mousse!! That afternoon we walked over to Radio City Music Hall (we could see the marquee from our 42nd floor hotel room.) Wandered around Rockefeller Center. Watched the skaters, window shopped. Not much was open, but there were lots of people. Really enjoyed the Rockette’s Christmas Spectacular. Walked down 5th avenue and wandered our way back to the hotel.   Friday  Hit the Today Show at 7 a.m.  Us and hundreds of others. They had already closed the tourist area, so we went into Dean and Deluca for a bagel & coffee. Can I just mention how awesome a real bagel is? Andres Bocelli was the Today Show featured singer, so we wandered out to hear him sing. Just as we did, they opened up a new section behind the stage, so we got in and eventually got right up to the stanchion (those around us weren’t interested in an opera singer). He gave me goosebumps. The camera man was right in our section and mom and I were on TV!!  Matt Lauer came around and shook hands with mom and I (o.k., o.k., and lots of other people too). Then Al Roker came by and I conversed with him about a recent Thanksgiving special he had on the Food Network. He stood near me and talked directly to me for a minute or so. Even so, I felt Matt was more personable and sincere (o.k., and better looking too). Katie was off.  We had a hop-on, hop-off tour with Grayline, so we caught the bus up to Central Park.  The leaves had just turned and were stunning. We just don’t get "color" in Texas. Worked our way up to Strawberry Fields and the Imagine memorial. Sat for a while and just enjoyed the view. Then over to the Dakota (a pilgrimage for Linda) and back to Tavern on the Green for lunch. The food was really good and I see why the place is a popular tourist stop, but I must concede the chandeliers, wallpaper and other “stuff” border on gaudy.  After lunch we visited the Rose Planetarium. It was Linda’s primary destination (next to the Lennon pilgrimage). It didn’t do much for me since it is based on the Big Bang theory and I don’t believe that is how the universe was created. Perhaps I should have been able to separate my beliefs and enjoyed the place, but I couldn’t. We grabbed a quick snack before attempting a Night Lights Tour. Grayline underestimated the response and didn’t have enough buses. Luckily we could come back, but many others couldn’t. The crowd moved as close to a riot as I have ever seen.   Saturday  After breakfast, we hopped on the bus to Macy’s. We mostly browsed, but we each made it home with something from the World’s Largest Store. The morning started foggy and drizzly, but cleared up by the time we left the store. Back on the tour bus to Soho, Greenwich Village, Canal Street, Chinatown before lunching at Taormina in Little Italy. Then to Battery Park and the Staten Island Ferry. I really wanted to see the Statue of Liberty, but it is closed, so the ferry is the closest you can get. I think I sang (softly of course) God Bless America and America the Beautiful the entire ride.  Finished up the day with the Night Light Tour. There are lots of lights in NYC. And not just in Times Square. I really enjoyed seeing the buildings lit up at night (from the top of a double decker bus – it’s really a nice perspective).    Sunday  After my Krispie Kreme donut, it was off to the uptown tour past Central Park and into Harlem. I must commend the tour guides. They were interesting, entertaining and very knowledgeable. Mom wanted to hit Rockefeller Center on last time, so we did that before lunch at Stage Deli (yummy!), where we saw Jerry Springer (oooh, ahhhh … whatever.)  Unfortunately the shuttle service insisted we get to the airport way too early. I know we could have fit another something or two into the day. The flights were bumpy and we were stuck at O’Hare for four hours. It was 2 a.m. when I got home. But we got home safe and sound.   So, beyond the play-by-play:   I won’t travel with Linda and my mom again. Linda wanted to go like great guns and mom can’t. I felt bad for her. She cried last night when I dropped her off because she felt like her slowness held us back. I never want her to feel that way. I want her to go and have fun and not worry about others. Her hip hurt a lot from the walking. I could see that she was struggling, but when I would ask it was always, “I’m fine.”  I always forget between trips that Linda snores. I spent a lot of this trip very, very tired. I am not accustomed to sleeping with someone (not even my mom). Couple that with snoring and it was really hard on me. One morning I woke up crying I was so tired.  Me being tired doesn’t make for a happy camper, which can make for tense moments. I need my eight hours!  Our hotel was in a prime location. I would recommend it. That and the tours. You can only read so much and pick up so many brochures. The tours were the perfect compliment to the trip.  The weather was awesome. Excluding the one morning, it was sunny and clear each day. Sunday it was even warm enough to forgo my jacket. It was really, really nice. The only time I felt cold was at the parade. My feet felt frozen solid, but it was worth it. Truly, we could not have ordered better weather.  The service was about what you expect it to be. Indifferent. Sometimes outright rude. The tourists were really nice (an amazing number from Texas – every day we met someone from the Lone Star state). I guess beyond waiters and sales clerks, we didn't have much interaction with many locals ... and that's too bad. I would have liked more. It's the reporter in me.   And finally.   We chose not to visit Ground Zero. While it seemed an important destination for most every tourist we spoke with, none of us wanted to see it. But you do. In the faces of the passers-by. At the fire stations (ladder houses). The memorials and pictures and flags are everywhere. It is on the news every day. In the stories of the tour guides. You can smell it in the air. We saw bits of the building remains from a distance. I don’t think you need to see Ground Zero to feel it.  I'm glad we went. I will definitely go back some day. But I am glad to be home. Alone.