         Yesterday's installment from   InStyle  focused on  look inward . Today it is  feather that nest .  9 Questions To Ask Yourself:    1. Are you happy to walk into your home?  Yeah, generally I am. Although I do wish it was a house instead of an apartment.   2. Do you wake up in the morning feeling truly rested?  I sleep well. I love my bed. I think the not-wanting-to-get-up thing has to do with work.    3. Are you comfortable walking barefoot at home?  Except for maybe the kitchen?   4. Is your closet organized enough that you could be dressed in 15 minutes.  Yes. But I think that it has to do with not having a large wardrobe. What can I say? I missed getting the shopping gene most women have.   5. Are there enough quality ingredients in your kitchen that you could throw an impromptu pasta dinner for four?  No.   6. Is lighting in your house pleasant and effective? Can some of the lights be dimmed?  Yes and no.   7. Do you have a comfy private space -- to read, talk on the phone or watch TV -- that's not your bed?  I live alone so every space is private. The couch.   8. Do you have a couple of good bottles of good wine and the makings of one classic cocktail on hand?  One bottle of Merlot. Does a Diet Coke and Rum count?   9. Can you play music throughout your home -- even in the bedroom and bath?  Yes.    Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful ot believe to be beautiful.  -- William Morris  I don't think my apartment is truly reflective of me. I got most of my furniture as a hodgepodge start that I have just kept all these years. I love   leather  (more brown or caramel though), but this looks   comfy . So does this   this .  In my small apartment, I could fit a   small  dining set like this, but would love a house for a larger set like   this  or   this .  Love the   purple . Wow, very   retro . Check out "view in a room".  This   place setting  is hard to see in the picture, but the platinum is really hearts.  Tomorrow ...  expand your mind .