         I used my   amazon.com  gift certificate to order a one-year subscription to   Health  magazine.  This year I have let all my magazine subscriptions run out, so I could see which ones I really missed most. All I subscribe to now is:    Marie Claire  ~~ this is an empowering magazine that I would encourage all women to read.    InStyle  ~~ Yes, I know this is pretty much the same fluff as say   People  or   Entertainment Weekly , it's just classier looking fluff. It's my way of living vicariously through the rich and famous.    Rosie  ~~ I am not a huge Rosie fan, but I picked up her magazine at the doctor's office and couldn't put it down. She has good interviews, interesting features and special segments (5-6 articles on one subject, like breast cancer). I used her brittle recipe from the December issue in my candy-making endeavor ... it was relatively simple ~~ even for me! (Remember, I have to pull out the cookbook to make hardboiled eggs!).   Wow. I didn't realize I was down to three magazines. Now four. Hmmm... maybe I'll start back the   Disney Magazine  too. (What can I say, I am a 12-year-old at heart!).   You name it and I used to subscribe to it. Some I still read at work:   Newsweek ,   Time  and   Texas Monthly . Others I outgrew like   Cosmo ,   Mademoiselle  and   Glamour . The fluff of   People ,   EW  and   Soap Opera Digest  got too expensive. I refuse to pay $50 for a  magazine subscription .  I've done   Cooking Light ,   Prevention ,   Shape ,   Self  and countless others. Sometimes all at the same time!   I am really into books this year. Right now I am loving   A Fine Balance . I've probably read 50 books this year. I should keep better track. A few that stood out include:   House of Sand and Fog ,   Open House ,   The Best American Travel Writing 2000 ,   The Girl with a Pearl Earring  and, of course,   The Red Tent .  Earlier in the year, while I was in the two-month walking pneumonia and strep throat phase, I started the   Mitford Series . It's true "gentle fiction" about the life of a small-town rector. I suspect it's not for everyone, but I love,  love ,   loved   the series!  The book I disliked the most this year:   Shopgirl: A Novella .  I found it dull and crass ... did I mention dull?   Note to self, use blog to keep list of books read.