         No blow-by-blow today.  I had to leave for an appointment before they called her back.  Once I returned, Dr. Kalter came by and was really pleasant.  He asked if she's experienced any toxicities (is that a real word?).  She said she's been perspiring a lot (o.k., so dripping buckets of sweat was her version).  He didn't seem too worried.  He did show surprise that the growth is not less visible.  I guess that means she really will get the full eight weeks of Rituxin (he said early on if things went well she might only need four).  Today was serious cancer day at CTRC.  The two women and two men in today looked really, really ill.  The two women have been in before -- breast cancer.  They both wear wigs and are nearing the end of their treatment.  There was an older gentleman who seemed to be having difficulties walking and talking.  There was the younger man (say, mid-40's) from last week.  He looks like he is in constant pain.  It's hard to look at him.  The others smile and nod knowingly.  He does not, seems like he cannot.  He mostly sleeps.  When I asked what she wanted to do this afternoon she lamented that it would depend on how she felt.  It startles me that she still expects something to go horribly wrong.  I think I would be joyful if things were going as easily as they have been.  I told her I expected she would feel the same as she has the other Fridays -- just fine.  When I suggested a movie, she perked right up and was fine the rest of the day.  We had Schlotsky's for lunch and went to a matinee of   Tortilla Soup . We both really enjoyed this Hispanic version of  Eat Drink Man Woman . Word of caution . . . don't go hungry!    Do I feel guilty taking off work and ending up at a matinee?  Actually, no. Mom told me today how much she appreciated me taking off work to be with her.  I just know it's what I'm supposed to do.  P.S.  My short visit to the doctor resulted in a   tendinitis  diagnosis.  Three weeks of physical therapy, three times a week.  At least it's not the dreaded carpal tunnel.