         from my friend Jill ... a nice reminder ...  1. Last Christmas we were thinking about all the things we didn't have; this Christmas we are thinking about all the things we do have.    2. Last Christmas we were placing wreaths on the doors of our homes; this Christmas we are placing wreaths on the graves of our heroes.    3. Last Christmas we were letting our sons play with toy guns; this Christmas we are teaching them that guns are not toys.    4. Last Christmas we were counting our money; this Christmas we are counting our blessings.    5. Last Christmas we paid lip service to the real meaning of the holidays; this Christmas we are paying homage to it.    6. Last Christmas we were lighting candles to decorate; this Christmas we are lighting candles to commemorate.    7. Last Christmas we were digging deep into our bank accounts to find money to fly home for the holidays; this Christmas we are digging deep into our souls to find courage to do so.    8. Last Christmas we were trying not to let annoying relatives get the best of us; this Christmas we are trying to give the best of ourselves to them.    9. Last Christmas we thought it was enough to celebrate the holidays; this Christmas we know we must also find ways to consecrate them.    10. Last Christmas we thought a man who could rush down a football field was a hero; this Christmas we know a man who rushes into a burning building is the real one.    11. Last Christmas we were thinking about the madness of the holidays; this Christmas we are thinking about the meaning of them.    12. Last Christmas we were getting on one another’s nerves; this Christmas we are getting on our knees.    13.  Last Christmas we were giving thanks for gifts from stores; this Christmas we are giving thanks for gifts from God.    14. Last Christmas we were wondering how to give our children all the things that money can buy – the hottest toys, the latest fashions, the newest gadgets; this Christmas we are wondering how to give them all the things it can't – a sense of security, safety,  peace.    15. Last Christmas we were thinking about all the pressure we are under at the office; this Christmas we are thinking about the people that no longer have an office to go to.    16. Last Christmas we were singing carols; this Christmas we are singing anthems.    17. Last Christmas we were thinking how good it would feel to be affluent; this Christmas we are thinking how good it feels to be alive.    18. Last Christmas we thought angels were in heaven; this Christmas we know some are right here on earth.    19. Last Christmas we were contemplating all the changes we wanted to make in the New Year; this Christmas we are contemplating all the changes we will have to make in this new reality.    20. Last Christmas we believed in the power of the pocketbook; this Christmas we believe in the power of prayer.    21. Last Christmas we were sharing/spreading/listening to gossip; this Christmas we are sharing/spreading/listening to the gospel.    22. Last Christmas we were complaining about how much of our earnings went to pay taxes; this Christmas we comprehend that freedom isn’t free.    23. Last Christmas we valued things that were costly; this Christmas we value things that are holy.    24. Last Christmas the people we idolized wore football, basketball, and baseball uniforms; this Christmas the people we idolize wear police, firefighter, and military uniforms.    25. Last Christmas "peace on earth" was something we prayed for on Sunday mornings; now it is something we pray for every day.