         Get yourself a beverage and a comfy chair. This may be a long one.  Week Two in "course of treatment world". Mom was much more relaxed as we went for her chemo this morning.  Much more "la-di-dah!" about it.  Although once we got there, I found her to be a little . . . lost, for lack of a better word. Not knowing where to go once we enter the building (the elevator is just inside the door, she zips past it).  Acting confused when we get to the office.  Like she can't see the sign-in desk just off the elevator.  I have to point to it and remind her to sign in. It's like she's going somewhere for the first time and it's unfamiliar to her.  Maybe she was less "zippity-do-dah" than I thought.  Today was harder for me. I guess because I knew what to expect. It's hard for me to watch them put the i.v. in her arm and know that they are essentially pumping poison into her body.  I felt a heavy heart today as we got to the office.  To see the couples and families and know that one of them has cancer.  That someone sitting in this room with me may be dying.  Soon.  As we waited to go back, I watched a father and son.  The father was hairless and obviously distressed.  He kept resting his head on his cane. Hiding his face. His son looked at me with great sadness. He seemed unable to console his father. The stories (real or imagined) are so compelling to me.  There were two couples, together.  Long time friends, you could tell, who had come to help.  They were all elderly. Mid to late 70's. One man pushed the other in a wheelchair. The women sat and talked.  His nurse came out to talk.  He'll have treatment at home over the weekend.  They talked about his bone cancer and easing his pain.   They called us in after 10 minutes.  LaDonna did mom's i.v.  It was more painful this week than last. Scar tissue in the vein already.  I can't imagine what it must feel like for those who come week after week.  9:45 a.m. -- i.v. of saline (sodium chloride) 9:51 a.m. -- .25 mg benedryl 9:55 a.m. -- pre-med 10:08 a.m. -- second saline bag; starts having strong reaction to benedryl -- drying head, drowsy look, dizziness 10:25 a.m. -- Rituxin, new larger saline bag 12:45 p.m. -- done  Today was men's day at CTRC.  Other than one woman who left within an hour of our arrival, mom was the only woman in the room all three hours.   There was a 42-year-old man with Non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma.  They removed 22 lymph nodes.  He had a distinctive scar on his neck.  He had the "blue kool-aid" as they call it.  He started with Rituxin and moved up to the blue medicine (I don't know what it is).  He tells us that if you get the "red kool-aid" you're really sick.  The woman had the red kool-aid.  An older man from last Friday came for his shot.  Another man from last week was back for his final treatment.  Colon cancer. 26 weeks of weekly treatment.  He was really, really happy.  He and his wife brought cake and wine for the nurses.  He was so full of joy in talking to everyone.  Another gentleman, I'd say in his 80's, also came in for the blue kool-aid.  He was joking and talking and obviously a real "whipper-snapper."  He talked about getting better and it being in God's hands.    Even though I came in with a heavy heart, sitting and listening to these . . . warriors . . . made it all easier.  There really is a kinship in that room.  Of people going to war and wanting to help each other.  Working to raise spirits, even if in doing so they just want to cheer themselves up.  I continue to talk with mom about attitude.  I just don't feel like she gets that part of it.  I'd hoped those men and their positiveness might rub off on her.  Later, she made reference to the gentleman talking about God by saying, "It's out of my hands."  I told her, "Not totally.  You can control whether or not you worry too much about getting sick."  She just shrugged her shoulders.  I've told her that when all of this is over we will take a trip to celebrate.  I've suggested California -- a drive along Hwy. 101.  Or she can come with me to Chicago for a conference in October.  Spend the days along the magnificent mile or similar.  She is reluctant to agree.  Reluctant to choose (now   there's   a surprise).  Says she needs to wait until she "knows."  I don't want her to place her life on hold until she "knows."  I want her to get excited about doing something in the future.  I want her to be certain there is a future.  This is curable.  It will all be over soon.  I'm glad she talked to the guy with lymphoma.  He told her that his course of treatment (that's the official phrase, can you tell?), is simply preventative.  That they got all the cancer during surgery.  But this is to make certain they kill any remaining cells.  That he feels fine.  All he's lost is a little weight and he's never been sick.  When I told her again that I think this was the right choice, she told me that talking to him made her feel better.  She talked about not taking her Leukerin tonight.  That it might be too much again.  When I made a face, she agreed to take it and just have the benedryl handy.  It's better to stay on course.  She did well this afternoon.  We made a brief jaunt to the mall (haircut for me, present for my friend Sandy's nine-year-old daughter --  can we be this old?? ).  She walked well, but conceded she was tired when we left.  As was I.  It's amazing how stressful the day can be (have I mentioned I've started taking stresstab vitamins?).  I feel mentally and emotionally exhausted, without even really doing much of anything but sitting around.  Amazing how the mind and body works.