         Looked at six houses today. None of which called my name. Mom and my friend Linda came along. After about the third house Linda said, "Now I understand what you mean." I laughed and said,  Hey, these houses are good in comparison to what we first saw!   The house I wanted to see most was taken off the market until April 1. I drove Sue [my realtor] by so she could see why I wanted to see it and the tenants were moving out, so she thinks I may get to see it before then. The listing says the buyer can pick the new paint color (needs it).   Mom and I later drove by three new listings to check potential (one had a septic tank --  in the city! ). Only one looked interesting, but it's like two blocks from mom's. I wanna be close to her, but I don't know if I want to be  that  close...  While we were alone I stopped at Sonic for a Cherry Limeade for me and Root Beer float for mom ("Do they have diet root beer?" she asks.)  I have dry mouth.  "From the medicine?"  Yes.  I talk about how I'm glad that's the only side effect so far and that's pretty much the end of the conversation. It's the only question she has asked. I'm sure she thinks my imbalanced seratonin is her fault in some way, so she's not going to talk about it -- lest we have any type of conversation that may be uncomfortable.  I am feeling pretty good. Not like a way-happier version of myself, just like a sharper version of myself. (To be honest, I was hoping this would make me less snappish with mom.)  I've caught myself laughing the past few days in a tone I haven't heard in a long time. Joy. Maybe that's it. At lunch I was talking about a documentary I saw last night when I asked,  What's Ben Hur's name? ... oh-that-was-a-stupid-question!  (I was getting it confused with another movie of the same genre). Yes, my roots can be that blonde sometimes (although Linda swears that's the first time she's heard me "misspeak" like that), but it just made me laugh. It felt good.   I'm glad to see that this medicated process is not going to be one of high drama. I really thought feeling worse before feeling better would be part of the process. Feeling how I feel today, I wish I hadn't waited so long.