         I’ve been thinking. About my blog. About why I blog. What is my blog mission? What are my blog goals?  Oh yeah, I’ve worked in corporate world too long now.    My initial goal was to blog about cancer. The cancer went away and the blog changed. I’ve never really had a focus since then. I just blog about random, inane things. What can I say? I watch a lot of TV.  I have noticed that I edit myself. A lot. And I’m not really sure why. Only like one person who comes here would recognize me on the street. So, really, why should I care what anyone else thinks, right? [I don’t mean that in an ugly way].  So, I’ve decided I’m going to work on the editing thing. I’m going to use my blog to write about things I wouldn't necessarily talk about in real life. Be warned. It may not always be pretty. Or funny. Or happy. But it will always be honest.   So, here goes.  Last Friday my brain found its meltdown point. And it wasn't pretty. I had a bona fide panic attack.  This was not really an isolated incident. It was, however, enough to make me realize I couldn't ignore “it” anymore, and I made an appointment to see my doctor.  It's been building now for about 10 months. Which means for me, it’s probably been going on twice as long. Just feeling anxious. Insecure. Unable to concentrate. Unable to make decisions. Doubting myself, my skills. Coupled with mom’s cancer, looking for a house, increased work stress – and have I mentioned mom’s car has been in the garage since last Tuesday? We’re a one-car family that doesn’t live together …  Sitting in the doctor’s office yesterday it took all my strength to not bolt out of there. I felt stupid being there.  I feel fine. Yeah. Today.  I’ve had enough therapy in my past to know it’ll come back – only worse – until I acknowledge it and face it head on.  Naturally, I was inarticulate and pretty teary. But, my doctor was kind and encouraging. She pretty much told me what I was feeling, which made me feel a lot better. Apparently my serotonin is out of whack. She recommended a therapist and gave me a prescription for an anti-depressant,   Celexa . I take 10 mg/day for one week. Then 20 mg/day.  I made an appointment with the therapist for next Monday and took the first half-dose last night. Frankly, I hate taking medicine. If there is an ugly side effect, it will find me. But, I can’t afford meltdowns like last Friday. I can’t sit in meetings praying I won’t cry. I have so much to do at work – I can’t afford to … I just need for my brain to be normal again. So I can think like me again.  Celexa: Most common side effects: nausea, feeling “wired” – like when you have too much sugar and not enough to eat, dry mouth, drowsiness, insomnia, increased sweating, diarrhea, and problems with ejaculation (hey – one less side effect for me!!).  Celexa so far: Last night I felt some nausea. Today I felt moments of jitteriness. Pangs of tiredness. I feel weary. But, that could be a lot of things.  Asking for help is hard. And, I must admit, out of character for me (which could be why I am where I am today!). People tell me I’m strong. But during weeks like these, I don’t feel strong at all.