         It's over!  What a relief. I can't even being to tell you.   Our day:  8:55 a.m. -- stuck in traffic, mom  very  uptight 9:05 a.m. -- arrive at CTRC 9:25 a.m. -- get called back (all that traffic worry for nothing) 9:30 a.m. -- saline drip started 9:45 a.m. -- benedryl added 10 a.m. -- Rituxin added 10:25 a.m. -- more benedryl, Rituxin stopped 10:35 a.m. -- Rituxin started again 11:05 a.m. -- increase in Rituxin 12:35 p.m. -- increase in Rituxin 1:45 p.m. -- finished!  Yes, I am anal enough to write it down.  The benedryl is for any allergic reaction you might have to the rituxin.  Mom's was limited to "tight" head, like her allergies were acting up.  It started to really bother her, so they stopped the rituxin for a while and shot her up with more benedryl.  Frankly I don't know how she is still standing. I'd be passed out. Adrenalin I guess. The benedryl helped, with only dizziness an issue.  Dr. Kalter came to keep on her about 10:45 a.m.  Thanked her for coming back.  Told us he'd be home all weekend and to call with any questions.  I stepped out for a while to get her Leukerin filled ($106 per month).  The pharmacy didn't have enough to complete the prescription, so they gave us a five-day supply and the rest will be in Tuesday.  I also stopped at Luby's and picked her up some vegetable soup, which she ate without hesitation, finished it all and had no nausea.   There were approximately 8 - 10 others getting treatment (various levels, various types of cancer) over the hours.  Some had shunts; others had to get poked like mom.  One man came in for a shot, another was in for his last treatment.  All the others were women.  All had breast cancer.  Two had no hair.  One wore a wig (she confessed, I'd have never guessed), another wore a bandana.  Once, a young girl came from another room to use the bathroom.  She looked gaunt and frail and, well, she looked like she was dying.  It made me feel sick to my stomach.  I called my friend Linda to give her a progress report and even though we were joyous about mom doing so well I told her, "Yes, but I look around the room and everyone there has cancer."  We stopped at Phyllis' and the grocery store on the way home.  I came home to grab some benedryl (yes, I know they carry that at the store), and post a blog before heading back over.  She left a message for my brother and told him "it was not what she thought it would be." Thank God for that.