         I don't think I've mentioned the "Are you part of a girlfriend group?" of the "Be on the show" for   Oprah . It looks like they are preparing a show for when the   Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood  movie comes out. I got the weekly Oprah e-mail and decided to rally my Ya-Ya's.   I wrote an intro and closing, and then three of us wrote a "What my Ya-Ya's mean to me" essay and I sent it in. We decided that it would be the  ultimate  Ya-Ya, but were also glad that we each got to see how each of us really feels. I mean, I know they know I love them, but now they  know .   excerpts :   We try to get together every four to six weeks. Like any good social engagement, our evening revolves around food, drink and friendship. We laugh a lot, but over the years there’s also been a tear or two – and many, many glasses of wine!  We each bring different characteristics to the table. We have … the smart one, the gregarious one, the funny one, the generous one, the forgetful one, the happy one, the leader, the mad one, the one who is in-the-know, the quiet one, the one with-great-news. Through our years together, we have each been “the one.”  We've seen some of us marry, buy houses and have children. We've also supported each other during the death of a parent, watching a mom go through cancer treatment and moving back home with your husband. We've been promoted at our jobs, moved around at our company and have had to work through projects together. All of these are definite tests of friendships. And, yes, it has been tough at times and yes, we don't talk on the phone everyday, don't e-mail everyday and sometimes only see each other once a month, but we know each other. We know how IJ will tell us a story about a crazy customer, but we want to hear it because she makes us laugh. We know how Steph will report out on the latest budget plan developed by her husband, but we want to hear it because she makes us laugh. We know how Susana will describe her mom's latest activity, but we want to hear it because she makes us laugh.  Even though I grew up without sisters, I have my Ya-Ya sisters – which may be even better. We laugh together and we cry together. Share our dreams and our fears. We support each other, even when we don’t agree. We get mad at each other and we work things out. We’ve seen some struggles, and some dreams come true. We talk about boys and shopping and getting our hair done.  More than anything, we share laughter. Lots and lots of laughter. All of the benefits of having sisters, without fighting over the bathroom.