         Ahhh ... a few days off from work. What a pleasure.  I took off Thursday and Friday and drove with Linda and mom to Houston. My cousin Mike was in town from Michigan, so we got all together with my brother and his wife for dinner. I really wanted to talk more with Mike, but I find I really clam up around my brother. We don't get along and we didn't say one word to each other the entire evening.  We stayed at Jill and Sandy's in Sugar Land. They have a lovely, lovely home. I love to stay there. Friday we got up and had breakfast at one of our Houston favorites,   Le Peep  [banana pecan waffle with lots of whip cream -- yum!]. Then we went to see the   Titanic  exhibit. Very interesting, but not worth $17. We also went through the   Butterfly Center . Very cool.  Then we made the obligatory trip to   IKEA . Love that store. I spent more than I should have, and will still need a return trip once I move. After dinner at the   Rain Forest Cafe  and a little wondering through the   Katy Mills Mall , we headed home.  Today I went to my Godson's adult-pitch game. He caught a really high throw, but the ump called his runner to second safe.  He cried. I told him, "good catch, bad call." His mom says he needs to learn that not everything is going to go his way. We did lunch afterwards. He and his sister, Gina, were very funny. They played a hide-the-penny game. He hid two pennies on the table and she had to find them. One was in plain site and she just could not see it. Guess you had to be there.  Then we visited my Godparent's daughter-in-law in the hospital. On Monday she was at work assisting a customer when she couldn't read something. She must've looked funny, cause the customer asked her what was wrong. When she told him what was going on, he told her that he was a doctor and she should go to the emergency room. After a battery of tests, they found a brain tumor and she had emergency surgery. She woke up with most of her memory, but still is unable to read. She is very upset about it, but I figure in the grand scale of brain tumors -- as frustrating as it will be -- re-learning to read is one of the lower-end side effects.