         I've discovered packing is really like taking a walk down memory lane. Clothes you haven't worn in years. Items you don't remember having (did I mention I found a printer I'd forgotten? Sold it for $40). And pictures, in albums, still in the photo processing packages and stuffed in drawers.  I've found lots of photos 10, 12, 15-years old. I'm not much of a photographer. I never remember to carry a camera. And when I do, I forget to take pictures. However, I used to live with a photographer, so I found lots of pictures from the years we were friends. I learned early on to smile and attempt to look decent or you have a lot of ugly pictures floating around.  I laugh at the 80's. Big hair ( this is Texas, you know ). Big shoulder pads. All the hair styles over the years. The different colors ( bleach blonde to red ~ you name it, I wore it ).    Last night I found a picture of me with a guy I dated in college. Funny how just one photo can send you back in time.  Gosh he was cute. Ugh, look at that blue eyeliner. What was I thinking? Oh yeah, I wore his shirt because some bimbo spilled a dark beverage all over my white shirt. Warren. I wonder how he is now. He sure liked me. Now what happened there ... Oh, yeah. Still a boy. The Cult concert. That fight. He jumped out of the way and left me in the fray. By the time he remembered me, it was over.   By the way, the opening act was Guns -n- Roses before they were big. I remember liking them better than The Cult.  I was amazed at the number of pictures I found with dozens of people no longer in my life. Sad really. We used to have such fun together. Six flags ( a mini skirt and high-top tennis shoes?? And could my hair be any bigger or curlier? ). Birthday parties ( could my glasses have covered much more of my face?! ). Skinny days. Fatter days. The dinner train. Softball games. Volleyball games. Game night at my house. Pool parties.  Some people I really miss. Tricia. Ray. Some names I don't even remember.  Who is that guy in my living room?  Some lost to marriage. Or divorce. To alcoholism. To fights blown out of proportion.   Then I look at my life today. The friends I have no pictures of. People who are really important to me. It inspires me to finish that role of film from our trip to NYC last Thanksgiving. To start documenting my life again ...