         Gosh, I feel like I haven't blogged in forever.   Sunday we saw   My Big Fat Greek Wedding . Very, very cute. Really, it could have been any family … My Big Fat Jewish Wedding, My Big Fat Italian Wedding, My Big Fat Catholic Wedding. Just watching the large, very involved family was very funny. You can so see your own family or that of someone you know.   My friend David is in town from San Francisco. We had dinner last night at his brother Robert's. It was a lot of fun. Robert [who is three years old than me] has grown-up so much. I was just floored at how friendly and pleasant he was. When we were younger [I've known David 20+ years], I remember Robert stomping around and grunting instead of speaking. Now, he's just so … adult!  I hadn't seen their mom in many years. She always loved me. I'm pretty sure she expected me to bring David back into the heterosexual world. Ha.  Soosie , she says in her very heavily accented English.  Seeing you brings back so many good memories.   David was my very first gay friend. He came out after high school. I think he was afraid that I would be closed minded to the idea. Of all our friends then, guess who's still here? Me.   I adore David and wish it wasn't years between visits.  For the first time ever, he bought a boy home with him [Frank must be very special]. To bring Frank into Robert's house is a big wow. Frankly, I was fearful, but everyone seems to be getting along splendidly. It made me really happy to see that.  Tonight we are celebrating Linda's birthday.   Souper Salads , the   Sherlock Holmes  exhibit at the Witte and then to   Cappy's  for dessert. I like that we are doing something different.  Tomorrow night I am having my Godparents over for dinner. Claude is a meat and potatoes guy, so I am going to try the   Stroganoff Casserole with Spinach  on him.  It was really good the other night [if I do say so myself], so it will be an identical menu to that of the Ya-Ya's.  Thursday night I am getting highlights and a haircut. Then I have my monthly   Susan G. Komen Foundation  Education Committee meeting.   Friday afternoon I am heading to Boulder for the weekend. My friend Elizabeth is having a party there, and invited Linda and I. I haven't been to Colorado for years, so I am looking forward to it. I hope the temperatures are cooler and the fires are under control.  So, if you don't hear from me again until next week … that's why …