         I started my day with a massage. We call it the Ahhsage ... I invited Merilu over for dinner one night next week. I figure if I start inviting people over it will motivate me to start to really get my things settled in. I feel like I am still trying to figure this place out. It's weird. People keep telling me that's normal for a house [versus apartment living].  I left the door open when I got home and someone knocked a few minutes ago. Jehovah's Witnesses. I think. The older woman looked at me with great surprise. I could read her face. "That's a white woman." She asked me in Spanish if I spoke Spanish.  No.  I could tell she was flummoxed. Yup. I have truly moved to the inner city.  Don't get me wrong. I chose to come here purposefully. I love the older homes. They have such character. I wanted all hard wood floors. I wanted a place that didn't look like it came from a cookie cutter.   But, I am in the inner city. The racks at my grocery store are filled with Spanish language magazines. I mean, it's the normal to see them in stores because Hispanics are the majority population here. But in my old neighborhood there was a better balance.  The mix of cultures is really one of the things I love most about my city. The majority of my friends all the way through my 20's were Hispanic. I feel like I have a little of that blood running through me. But now, as I grow into my 30's [ok, as I slide towards my 40's], I find most of my friends are Anglo. It has been an interesting transition. Something not done consciously because some of the most important people in my life are Hispanic. It's just interesting to see.  I wonder about bringing some of my friends here. I know a handful will look with wide eyes, and maybe even lock their car doors. But I have no doubt that when they see my house, when they come inside ~ they will love it. Living here has made me want to be more involved in my community. To do what I can to make this neighborhood a better place. To help bring a younger population back into town and out of the suburbs. I've written to my councilman [we went to high school together] to ask for direction. I hope he can help me formulate a plan.