         What an evening we had last night (I am still phone-less, hence the delay).  I was leaving work last night when my phone rang. It was my mom -- home from her six-month follow-up with the oncologist.  Did you pass?  No.   What?!    Apparently the cancer is visible again and she begins treatment this Friday. I felt like someone knocked the air out of me. Totally not what I was expecting.   By the time I got to her house it was raining pretty hard. I had to sit in the driveway about 10 minutes before I could get out of the car.  After about 15 minutes, I told her I'd better head home before it got worse. By then her street was so flooded I couldn't leave. Within 15 more minutes the yard was totally under water ~ like I have never seen in my 36 years (trust me, I've seen cars float down the street and this is still the worst I have ever seen it). The neighborhood is prone to lots of water in heavy rains, but I have never seen it like this before. To the point I was afraid water would get in our cars!  She has some railroad ties in her front yard for decoration. The water picked up four of them -- one into the neighbor's drive way, two into mom's drive way and one is totally gone. I suited up (not sure why in hindsight) and trudged into the water to "reposition" them. It took a while and by the time I was finished, I was totally soaked.    We'd heard sirens on the next street, so I trudged over there to check it out. Literally across the alley from my mother ~  the next street  ~ they were water-rescuing people from their houses! One more block over is a drainage ditch that was over its banks and into people's cars and homes.  The local television helicopter was literally hovering over mom's house at times taking pictures of people on their roofs! It was so incredible ~ I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't witnessed so much of it with my own eyes! It was even worse that the "100-year storm" of 1998.  Luckily, it is three steps up into mom's house, so she has no water damage there. She estimates there was six inches of water in the garage (most of which has since drained). At points in the front yard, the water was lapping over the first stair. There were two sets of "rapids" on her street. I totally understand now how people can be swept away in a simple current.  It took about two hours for the waters to subside. By then everything was covered with rocks from the alleys, debris and dirt. I drove home easily, and was glad to see things looked fine at my place. There were occasional storms throughout the night, with lightening and thunder I could feel reverberate through my bed.   In checking the reports this morning: "Flood waters damaged 100 homes in the Woodlawn Lake area," said Mayor Ed Garza last night. They estimate we had six inches of rain in about one hour.  It is still drizzling now and they say it will continue to do so throughout the day. Just Monday they were going to start water restrictions (since we rely on an aquifer for all our water and we haven't had much rain this year).  Feast or famine for sure.