         I've been uploading photos this morning from Friday and yesterday. Habitat, Todd and Ashley at their wedding and Gina's birthday party. Yesterday was a busy, yet satisfying day. I tried to upload some of the photos last night, but I was just too tired.  Our work on Friday at Habitat was really amazing. We built the side wall frame for our house in about two hours. Which I consider to be pretty good for air conditioning-loving bankers. It was overcast and there was a slight breeze, but it was  hot . Yesterday was even worse (the sun was out).  It was interesting to me that my girls thanked me for the opportunity (mind you, I had to  beg  to get four people to join me). Two said in separate conversions, "What a sense of accomplishment." And it was.  Yesterday was an earlier and busier day. I had about 50 volunteers on site and we struggled to keep everyone busy. Eventually we sent half to work on another house. Every company participating in this event could send five volunteers. Some sent more, so it was quite chaotic.   I came home around lunchtime to get ready for the wedding. With road construction, it took me about an hour to drive what can be done in half that time. The ceremony was lovely. Huge roles for both sets of parents, which was really special. While we were at the reception, a lightening storm came and and black clouds were threatening, so I decided to head to the next party. I drove into a pretty bad storm, with dozens of cars pulled to the side of the road to wait it out. (Of course  I  kept going!)  By the time I was halfway to Sandy's (I probably drove 100 miles between the three events), the rain was gone but the sky looked omnius. It warranted great consideration before we headed to the subdivision's pool. (But only after eating pizza, having cupcakes and opening presents.)  Sandy and I have been friends since eigth grade, so her family is like my family. Truly, I cannot believe her daughter is 10. I very rarely think about not having kids, but last night I realized that even if I had a child tomorrow, Gina and Antonio would be nearly adults by the time my child reached 10. That our kids would not grow up together and that made me feel melancholy.  Then to top it off, Sandy's dad is a diabetic and has not been taking his medication correctly. He was too sick to come last night. It just makes me want to go chew him out. He knows what it takes to stay healthy. He is an educated man. I just do not understand why he takes such chances with his life. In the end, it won't be the diabetes that kills him. He will do it himself.  So I was just sitting here thinking,  wow, I sound like I am in a really bad mood . But I'm not. I'm glad it is a bright, beautiful Sunday and that I have no plans. I looked around my tiny office and thought,  I just love this orange . Life really is good.