         What a week. Some random thoughts ...   SuperShuttle.  When you suspect they have taken you to the wrong hotel and even when they assure you you're in the right place ... trust your instincts. But then again, the cab ride to the correct hotel might show you some sides of town you wouldn't see otherwise.   Tourmobile.  Well worth $18 to see all the sites. The hop-on, hop-off part is a great added benefit.   Arlington Cemetery.  Where's John-John? Really, I didn't miss the significance of the Tomb of the Unknown, but that's what I came away thinking.   JW Marriott.  Get a room with a view. It's definitely worth the extra bucks. It's really something to look out at night as you close your curtains and see the Washington Monument.   Seminar.  Without looking at my notes, here's what I remember. Pacing. Five steps forward. Five steps back. Five steps forward. Five steps back. Two steps to the left. Two steps to the right. Five steps forward. Five steps back. As a former trainer, it drove me nuts. I do think I'll mention it on his evaluation.   Weather.  Perfect. A touch warmer than I anticipated, but we only had rain on Thursday and Friday. Since we were in museums all day, it didn't matter. Otherwise they were bright, sunny, perfect days.   Lincoln Memorial.  Awesome. Awe inspiring. Everything I hoped it would be.    Washington Monument.  Fabulous views. Really cool elevator ride down.   Jefferson Memorial.  Yet another reminder that I know nothing about our history. And it embarrasses me. He died on July 4 -- fifty years after signing the Declaration of Independence.   Reverence  I was really pleased to see people showing great respect everywhere we went. No screaming kids. No belligerent teens.   Korean and Vietnam Memorials.  Each has its own black marble wall. One etched with faces. The other with names. Both equally effective. At the Vietnam wall, there was a soldier sitting in one section. Right at the wall. In front of him were cigarettes and orange jello. I wonder if he was mourning a friend or a son.   Allergies.  I can add DC to the list of cities I am allergic to. Snuffle, sneeze, cough. *sigh*   American History.  My favorite. I loved the exhibitions on the Presidents and First Ladies.   But the most powerful was the 9/11 exhibit. Photos. Pieces of  the  plane. The door of a mangled fire engine. Crushed beams. Phones. Uniforms. The President's bullhorn. Guilani's cellphone. Audio tapes of answering machine messages. It gives me goosebumps even now. It was the most crowded exhibit. It was also the quietest.  We spent the entire day there and still didn't see every exhibit.    Natural History.  Hope diamond. There were other exhibits there?   Holocaust Museum.  Words really can't describe it. I encourage you to include it on your schedule. Have a minimum of 4 hours to do it justice. We were there six hours, with no break for lunch. Get your tickets in advance. We were just lucky.    The Metro.  I love this form of travel. It does amaze me that people can get on and fall asleep. I guess if you do it everyday, you brain instinctively knows when to wake you up at your stop. I just  know  I'd sleep past mine.  I love to people watch. The Metro is a great place for that. I watched one guy on a 45-minute trip that was so into his book. Snorting appreciation. Smiling. Obviously enjoying the book. Then I saw the title. The Fight Club. Um, ok...  Another two guys sat in front of us telling these wild, dramatic stories of their weekend. We sat behind them, so I could see the guy in front of them (in a side seat), watching and listening. Smiling at their escapades. Thoroughly believing them. It made me think about traveling with friends. Noticing someone listening and making up elaborate stories just to jerk their chain. Taking a cue from the other and totally improvising. Yes, I know I am evil.   The Mall.  Walk it. All of it. Break it up into chunks if you have to. It's well worth the views.   The Capitol.  For whatever reason, the Capitol stuck me more than the White House. For the first time I felt complete gratitude to the men and women of flight 93. For their bravery in fighting the terrorists and saving the lives of others. For saving our Capitol, their intended target.   Protestors.  I will be the first in line to defend your First Amendment rights for free speech. However, don't expect me to respect you or believe in your cause if you wear masks to protect your identity and throw rocks in business windows.