         Oops. Guess I forgot to mention I'd be in Arlington a few days. Just another   conference .  A few observations:  One evening I visited a local bookstore. I was standing in the self-help section, dangerously close to the sexuality section. As I stood there, a clerk bought over a young couple. The guy asked, "Now, what if I have just found this on my own?" "We can't stop you from doing so, but if I were to *show* you this section, I could lose my job." The clerk then winked and wandered away. The young couple -- maybe 17 or so -- looked at books on the Kama Sutra. He was genuinely interested in the topic. She teased him some. He said, "At least this time I don't have to have my mom buy it for me." I almost burst out laughing. They settled on one book and left.  In the last week, I have been accosted twice by make-up people wanting to show me undereye cover-up. (I'm thinking it's a not-so-subtle hint.) Yesterday at Nordstrom's, I agreed to have my eyes "lightened". She gave me the usual spiel about how fab the products were, how the celebrities use it, blah-blah-blah. "You're sitting in the very same chair Mel Gibson has sit in," she told me secretively. Since she used three products for one area, and Mel Gibson can afford to buy them, I just said  thanks  and went on my way.  Last night I started to feel poorly. I thought,  Do I always have to get sick when I travel?!  This morning I figured out what it was. I had a big, fat, red eye. Like a shiner. Only red. Thank God she only did one eye.  At breakfast (with my red shiner), I was seated across the room from a very familiar man. He winked when he saw my double take. It was Jerry Jones (if you need to ask, you won't care who he is). Seems he was there speaking to a men's group meeting at the hotel.  When I had dinner with Jeff on Thursday night, he casually mentioned a new place in town, Pei Wei. Seems PFChang's has a casual Chinese place. I went for lunch today. It was pure heaven. Really, I could've rolled over and taken a nap -- it was  that  good.  As I watched my seatmate get settled on the plane, I noticed the back jacket of his book cover. I thought,  Did I just see what I think I saw?  He was very discreet, so it was a challenging spy for me. Finally I saw the confirmation.  Pete kissed Claude hard. "We'll have to save our fucking for tonight," he said.  Gay erotica.