         Today is the day Carole actually died. I'd been thinking about it off-and-on when I flipped through my calendar and a photo of the two of us popped out at me. It's a nice picture of us.  I never considered Carole my friend. But many people I'm friends with loved her. Still miss her terribly. Like it was yesterday. Not two years ago. Two co-workers are even out today because of it.  Because she was important to so many, I will always remember her. Tonight there's a group dinner in her honor. So her friends will be together on this difficult day. I will be there too. I have a funny story or two I can share. Like how she used to drive while talking to the back seat passengers.  Um, really, you don't have to look at me to talk to me ...    I wrote an article for my company publication when she died. Some excerpts:     Laugh like nobody's listening, dance like nobody's watching and love like it's never going to hurt.  Some of us select quotes we wish to be our life's credo. Not many of us actually live up to them.  Carole did.  She had a laugh we'll never forget. And her heart? Words cannot begin to express her kind, generous and loving nature. Carole was a giver. Of gifts. Of her time. She was a true friend to so many. We lost one of our shining stars on Sunday, November 19. An employee for 30 years, she touched many lives during her tenure.   "She loved her family and friends, especially her sister Myrna, always living out of the country in some exotic locale. Since she was never around, I teased her about Myrna being an imaginary sister. Because I insisted that she had never outgrown her lonely childhood and her need for imaginary friends, she would often begin a new story with, 'My imaginary sister Myrna…'. Once, she mentioned that Myrna would be in town for the holidays.  Of course, proof of her existence was required, once and for all. She brought me a picture of Carole and her father with their arms around an empty space – Myrna! I can hear us laughing, still," remembers Angie.  "Nothing will ever be the same… but because she passed this way, we are all the better for it. Carole was courageous, loyal, dependable, giving …and I always wanted to be like her when I grew up," says Angie.