         Wow. The last   Friday Five  of 2003. Where did the year go?   What was your biggest accomplishment this year?   Overcoming depression. The first few months of the year, I knew I was in a real funk. That's why I started looking for a house. I thought the process of doing something exciting that was positive for my future would snap me out of it. I was wrong. I think between that and a situation at work, I pushed myself over the edge. In the past, my body has always made it perfectly clear when it was time to pay attention to something I was ignoring. This time it used panic attacks. Now  that  was a new approach that got my attention. So I visited my primary doctor, got a prescription for Celexa and got myself into therapy. I know I don't talk about it here, but I am still in therapy and take Celexa everyday. The combination of the two have literally changed who I am. I feel like  me  again.     What was your biggest disappointment?   Work. Between the situation that sent me over the edge and my own struggle with my brain, it has been a hard and disappointing year at work.    Will you be making any New Year's resolutions?   Yes. One is to get my happy ass out of bed in the morning so I can get to work on time. Right now I am fine-tuning the specifics. Does that mean I should be ready to go by 8 a.m. like I used to  or  be at work at 8:30 a.m. which would mean I am "on time"?    Where will you be at midnight? Do you wish you could be somewhere else?   I'm thinking of having friends over to celebrate the evening, so I expect I'll be at home. When I was younger, I did the bar scene with my friends. Now I am content to stay home and play games or see a movie. So, no, I don't wish I could be somewhere else. Have more of my family and friend with me ~ now that I would like.    Aside from (possibly) staying up late, do you have any other New Year's traditions?   No. I have a single can of black eyed peas that I bought for the good luck thing years ago. I never remember to open them. Hmmm, maybe that explains these last few years! ; )