         So are you like me? Has the season got you thinking about this year? Next year? I seem to get really reflective this time of year. Today I decided to go back and print out a year's worth of my blog. It was an interesting read. Some months came to 18, 19 or 20 pages. One came to seven.   I looked back to this time last year (oops! ran that funny eggnogaholic poem last year too!). A year ago tomorrow, I picked out my favorites of the year: book, CD, movie.     Favorite book:   So far this year, I've read 27 books. Not as many as I thought. My favorite book was   Good in Bed  by Jennifer Weiner. I'm reading Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress, and I picked up another book tonight. My new goal is to make 30 books by 12/31.    Favorite CD:     Home  by the Dixie Chicks. I love the bluegrassness of it and a couple of the songs especially spoke to me:   A Home  [excerpt] Not a night goes by I don't dream of wandering Through the home that might have been And I listened to my pride When my heart cried out for you Now every day I wake again In a house that might have been A home Guess I did what I did believing That love is a dangerous thing Oh but that couldn't hurt anymore than never knowing   I Believe in Love  I made a promise to myself Locked it away deep down inside Told my heart we'd wait it out Swore we'd never compromise Oh I'd rather be alone Like I am tonight Than settle for the kind of love That fades before the morning light  Silence stared me in the face And I finally heard its voice It seemed to softly say That in love you have a choice Today I got the answer And there's a world of truth behind it Love is out there waiting somewhere You just have to go and find it  I believe in love, I believe in love A love that's real, love that's strong Love that lives on and on Yes I believe in love Yes I believe in love  A close second is Sting's   All This Time .    Favorite movie:   As I was sitting here thinking about it, I almost decided on   Real Women Have Curves . I thought it was a great, empowering movie. And then I remembered a sweet, heart-warming true story,   Door to Door . Yep, a made-for-television   TNT  movie is the one I remember liking the most this year.