         Today we'll have random thoughts in no order, k?  The weather has  been great. A little rain this morning, but otherwise the days have been sort-of sunny and brisk. Really quite nice.  Just a few layers is all needed to be comfy during the day. Night is a little cooler, so I whip out the gloves and hat. It has been pretty perfect as far as I'm concerned.  We're going to Wagamama's for dinner in a little while. I'll think of you Jeff ...  We went to the Science Museum the other afternoon. Bond, James Bond is the main exhibit. We stopped to see Santa versus the Snowman in IMAX 3-D. I enjoyed it. Again, it's the kid-at-heart thing.  I can stand in the shower, put my hands on my hips and touch the walls of the stall with my elbows. Otherwise, it's a nice, hot shower.  When you sit to eat at a restaurant, they hand you the menu. When they come back, you'd better be ready to order. Forget this order a drink and have a few more minutes thing.   I am so loving being in the city and just walking. It's such a different experience, to see life at sidewalk level instead of a bus or cab or car. It gives everything a whole new perspective. I still have the gaping mouth, not watching where I'm going problem. Really, I haven't gotten that far into intersections before noticing the oncoming car.  Today we went to the Tate. It's modern art. And I use the term "art" loosely. There was one exhibit with a naked man in a mask and boxing gloves. He'd pour ketchup on himself and beat himself in the head. Yeah. It was that weird.  Tomorrow we are going to see my cousins Howard and Pamela. I'm looking forward to seeing Howard again and meeting Pamela. He's promised to take me back to his favourite pub where I had my most favourite dessert last time: Sticky Toffee Pudding. I don't know what I'll do if they don't have it again!  I think I have taken maybe three pictures max. What a louse I am. I really just don't think about it. Although today I did whip out the camera when we came out of the tube directly across the street from Big Ben. Awesome. Again, one of those moments when I think about how happy I am to be here.