         The   Question(s) of the Week  from   Sara :   About your town    I'm coming to visit your town. Recommend the following, with reasons why I should go to these places in   San Antonio :    The best restaurant, the one I have to eat at, at least once, while I'm in your town.  Apparently   Restaurant Le Reve  is *the* place to go. The French restaurant has been lauded in Gourmet, Wine Spectator, Southern Living and The New York Times as one of the top in the state. It is one of only two restaurants in Texas to be awarded three stars by Texas Monthly.  Now, if I were recommending a place to a friend or family member, you can be certain it would be Mexican Food (because no trip to San Antonio is complete without some Mexican food and a   Big Red , beer or margarita!).  I would probably send you to   Rio Rio . Not because I eat there a lot, but because they offer huge platters of good food and if it's a nice day outside you can sit alongside the River Walk.   The best place to relax and take in some people watching. (please don't say the mall!)  Come during   Fiesta  ~ April 19-27. The city takes a week off to party (our own version of Mardi Gras). You will find a wealth of places and events to people watch:   Fiesta Arts Fair ,   A Taste of New Orleans ,   Fiesta del Mercado ,   Texas Cavaliers’ River Parade ,   A Night in Old San Antonio  (NIOSA),   Cornyation ,   Battle of Flowers Band Festival ,   Battle Of Flowers® Parade ,   Fiesta Oyster Bake  during the day,   King William Fair ,   Fiesta Flambeau® Parade  and much more!  I try to do one Fiesta event a day during the 10-day party.   The best place to take kids to have some fun.    Sea World of Texas  or   Six Flags .   The San Antonio Zoo .   The Institute of Texan Cultures .   The Buckhorn Saloon and Museum .   San Antonio Children's Museum .   The best nightclub or date place for my hubby and I to have some time alone . Come between Thanksgiving and Christmas and walk along the   San Antonio River Walk . The trees are strung with thousands of lights and luminarias line the walkways.  Veree romantice!   The absolute best hotel to stay in while I'm there!    The Hotel Valencia . You will find nothing else like it in San Antonio.   Are you packed yet?