         I finally saw the movie 'The Postman' on TV today. I haven't read David Brin's novel, so I can't comment on its faithfulness or otherwise thereof.  I remember hearing that the movie was pretty universally panned when it came out, and I must say I can see why.  As a post-apocalyptic scenario, the world depicted in the movie has obviously regressed back to a stage of technology and society that seems closer to the American Wild West than the sort of future vision sf movie-makers are so fond of.   There is a fair amount of action, but the action isn't really the focus of the movie. In fact, the climax of the movie occurs when two opposing armies line up on a battlefield, and then, instead of proceeding with the usual bang-up battle, the two generals decide to have a one-on-one duel instead.  Finally, the message of the movie is not some impossibly complex pseudo-philosophy - it's as simple as the belief that common decency and basic human values are what define us, and what will give us strength and preserve us through the hardest trials.  It's obvious that a largely technophile, cynical and adrenalin-addicted critical machinery would find much to pan in this movie. Personally, I found that there were several self-indulgent patches, like the scenes with Tom Petty, a few overly-convenient plot twists and of course the kind of knee-jerk patrotism reflected by associating the national flag of a particular country (the US, in this case) with this sort of message makes me instinctively uncomfortable. On the other hand, I was quite amused to find that the movie's villain, the magalomaniac Bethlehem, treats what appears to be a typically desultory self-help book by one Nathan Holm as his Bible. I've always felt that those positive-thinking people are going to create a monster some day, and Bethelehem is exactly what I'm expecting. Having said all that, I basically enjoyed the movie. It seemed to veer rather close to the sort of thing you see on the Hallmark channel, but it basically is a good movie experience and a good story.