         Christopher Evans' Aztec Century (winner of the 1992 BSFA Award for Best Novel by the way) is a bit of a mixed bag. Its alternate-history premise is sufficiently compelling - the basic 'what if' being that the Aztec (or rather Mexicana) empire has colonized Europe, and the rest of the world, rather than vice-versa. This allows for a lot of ironic, satisfying (to a non-white like me, anyhow) inversions and variations on our own world, with popular video games showing noble brown-skinned warriors combating evil Caucasian adversaries, Acapulco taking the place of Hollywood as a motion-picture centre, Cola Cacao soft drinks and MexTaco fast-food chains.  The world depicted by Evans seems to diverge from our own around the 16th century, with Hernando Cortes choosing to betray his own nation to serve the Aztecs and be with his Mexicana lover. Simultaneously, the microbial aspect of the early contact between Europe and South America is reversed, with Europeans being exposed to a debilitating New World Plague that weakens it to the point where the Aztecs are able to take over.  There are a lot of other differences, too, and the great thing is the way Evans slides in little details (the portrait of a Russian tsar by one Dali, a work of art by a Warhola who later goes on to become big in animated cartoons)  that add up to a rich, if largely impressionistic picture. Britain is subjugated by the Aztecs right at the beginning, and the novel follows the travails of Princess Catherine, a British royal. Captured by the Aztecs, she is surprised by their oddly humane treatment, and drawn to the charismatic Aztec governor, Exteban. But, alone among her family (including the simple-minded heir, who agrees to become a 'puppet king' and marries one of the Aztec emperor's daughters) she continues to hold out. She is convinced that there is a dark side to Aztec rule, for all there apparent civilization and the veneer of Roman Catholicism that overlays religious beliefs. This is where the book looses some of its charm. The almost-love affair between Catherine and Exteban results in trivializing a lot of what happens.  The plot itself, like the world-building, is apparently rich, but somehow shallow. At the very end, after enduring various vicissitudes,   Catherine finally consents to wed Exteban. At that very point, she discovers, through her insolent yet loyal (yes, that really is as far as his character goes) manservant, Bevan, that her husband, Alex, presumed dead in the defence of Scotland and sister, Victoria, presumed exiled to Shanghai for treason against the Aztecs, are actually alive and well and living in the Aztec capital. They have both betrayed her, in many different ways. In a rather convoluted attempt to avenge herself against the Aztecs at last, she takes Alex away from the place where he is kept and sleeps with him. This obviously puts her impending marriage with Extepan, now poised to be crowned emperor of the Aztec empire, on the rocks, and also exposes the secret compacts they have entered into with Alex and Victoria. Terrible retribution follows, involving cannibalism and human sacrifice. The dark side Catherine has been searching for is finally found - but only because her own acts (which I find very hard to fathom) brought it on.  The ending seems rather flat - Catherine is eventually granted a degree of clemency, exiled wit her sister to an alternative Earth (our own?). However, she does not believe Exteban is done with her, or that the Aztecs are done with conquest. Having conquered their own world, it would only be logical to extend their ambition to parallel worlds - a rather common alt-history device. The ending is oddly unconvincing and open-ended. Maybe Evans originally intended to write a sequel?  Verdict: A great weekend read. Don't try and dig too deep, though.