         Sometime halfway through the previous century, a few scholarly, inspired English gentlemen set out to create totally imaginative works of fiction weaving together various pet obsessions and interests. JRR Tolkien combined his fascination for Norse legends and the study of language to create a fictional language, a world for it to exist in and charecters to populate this world with heroic deeds and noble quests. On the other hand, ER Eddisson wove together a love for ancient poetry, particularly the works of Sappho, a tendancy towards esoteric metaphysical musings and sundry other pet obsessions into some of the most labyrinthine, intricate and obscure fiction ever. And look at the state of the legacy these literary mavericks have left us - poorly-written unending sagas of turmoil and conflict in paint-by-numbers worlds, read by a passionate following of retards who seem to be fully capable of following all this faff and minuitiae with the same misplaced zeal with which a housewife follows the unending sorrows and incests of her favourite soap opera characters. And the swords. Shit, why does anyone think totally imaginary sword forms are so very fascinating? Do they see them as some sort of zen metaphor for life? Do they even have a life? The only fantasy author who should be allowed to write about swords is Michael Moorcock. The rest of them should come no closer to one than having one dangling over their neck when the latest pile of turgid crap they're penning starts reaching the 500-page mark. Fantasy is supposed to be about imagnination and wonder, not taking all the petty turmoils and intrigues of our mundane reality and just transposing them into a quaint medievalistic world with a magic in the place of technology and a few exotic races like elves and dwarves to compensate for overall racial homogenity of the human characters in these deeply Anglo-Saxon (or at least Eurocentric) imaginings. Sadly, the dynamics of the marketplace being what they are, it looks like everything breaks down into its simplest, lowest form faster than you can say 'entropy'.  Just a general spew. I needed to get that off my chest. Phew...