         The gap between this album's release and its arrival in India gave me time to read every single review the Internet had to offer. There are some seriously overpaid hacks out there, if they're getting paid at all for all this babble.  When I finally got hold of the album (I'm fairly sure I was the first person in Bangalore to buy a copy!), I decided to approach it with no pre-conceptions, except I followed my friend Prem's suggestion to start with Myxomatosis before proceeding through the rest of the album. Let's do a quick run-through. 2+2=5 starts with the odd, abstract sounds that Radiohead have been specializing in lately. Then, it turns into a satisfyingly tuneful, coherent song which suddenly warps into a whole new zone as Thom Yorke reminds us that 'you have not been paying attention'. Wonderful, inspired madness follows. Off-kilter, weird, but an actual SONG after so long! Then there's Sit Down Stand Up, a chilling look at control and power which culminates on Yorke repeating the word 'raindrops' about 47 times for no other reason than that he thought it sounded pretty. It does. Sail To The Moon is a fragile, piano-led ballad, the sort of thing Coldplay are making a career out of copying. There are some beautiful, atmospheric touches but the song fails to entirely cohere into a satisfying whole. Next comes the first real clunker of the album, the boring, mechanical Backdrifts. 'We tried but there was nothing we could do', the lyrics inform us, apparently relating the band's inability to do anything useful with this song. We're quickly back on track with the magnificent Go To Sleep, which begins with a beautiful, flowing acoustic pattern that reminds me of The Tea Party or acoustic Zeppelin. A genuine masterpiece with traces of all the various feels Radiohead can explore. The jury's still out on the next song. I personally like the U2-ish almost-ballad Where I End And You Begin, but two of my friends, from different ends of the musical spectrum, dismiss it as froth. Ah, well.  The next song, We Suck young Blood has great lyrics and a very promising musical soundscape, a promise Radiohead fails to deliver on. The eerie, cinematic backdrop fails to coalesce into a meaningful sonic experience. The Gloaming is just plain avoidable. There There was the first single off the album, and deservedly so. One of the stronger songs in the album, it includes my new favourite Radiohead lyric: 'just because you believe it, doesn't mean it's real'.  I Will comes across as mere filler, mainly because it's so short. Then again, it could also be because I'm primed to expect the epic mode from Radiohead, and this is instead a neat little haiku. Punchup At A Wedding, as its subtitle suggests, is a no-no. Its not a bad song, but it is distressingly pedestrian, in spite of a rather nice bass groove. Then the Godzilla fuzz of Myxomatosis comes stomping in. There's a reason why I was told to hear this one first, and I'll leave you to discover it yourself. The album maintains an even level for the remaining songs, the wistful, haunting Scatterbrain and the strangely Dylanesque (my opinion) closer, Wolf At The Door. The one thing most of those reviewers I plowed through have totally overlooked is that this album is a conciliation, a bringing together of the various tangents the band has taken in the past. The beginning of a new synthesis, perhaps.  There's a little too much dead air to call this a genuine classic, but there are at least 7 very good songs here, and the makings of what might be a whole new phase of consolidation for Radiohead.