         Education is the number one cause of ignorance in the world today.   This isn't just a pithy little epigram (original to me, by the way, as far as I know) that I like to throw around because it sounds cool. It's TRUE. I don't know about the rest of the world but it's all too true here in India. The syllabi we learn are not just out of date or innacurate, they're warped. The teachers aren't just mediocre, they are actively dangerous. It's all pathetically, tragically wrong.   Consider: I recently saw a 2nd/3rd class English reader, prescribed by the State Govt. of Karnataka that actually used the word 'fishes' as the plural of 'fish'.   Consider: A friend of mine just wrote his IAS exam. One of the questions was 'The Aryan Race Is...'. You were allowed to choose from options like 'a racial group', 'the supreme race' and so forth. Disgusted my friend went for the closest option - 'a myth' - which he probably won't be getting points for.   Consider: I studied English at a BA level. If I had confined my literary explorations to my syllabus, I would have left college,a  21-year old English graduate with no knowledge of Beowulf and Chaucer, a general feeling that Shaw and Wilde were as contemporary as it gets and a vague inkling of Joyce and Elliot as something firghteningly cutting-edge. And this, in the year 1999. Warped, I tell you.  Consider: I was introduced to some basic concepts of relativity by the TV serial Cosmos when I was 6 or 7. It was a a very basic idea, but I've since been able to confirm that it was a sound one. In high school, however, we were just taught good old Newtonian physics, whichis admittedly good enough for most things, but you'd think they would give us an inkling of the new physics, at least to whet our appetites for more.  Consider: I also studied Journalism, which  included a segment on mass communication, in that godforsaken BA course. But I'm reading Vance Packard's 'The Hidden Persuaders' for the first time only now, 4 years down the line. In college, it was just one in a list of books we had to mention in our answers for more marks. No one ever bothered to motivate me to pick up the books and read them myself -and what else is a teacher supposed to be there FOR? To mark attendance and dispense trauma, I guess.  I could go on citing instances of how our educational system actively promotes ignorance and misinformation. But you get the idea.  I could say that the answer is educational reform.   But it isn't - that'll never last, never work.  What we have to do is make our minds, and those of our children (as and when they happen) OUR responsibility. Sure, go to college, get those little letters tacked on to your name so you can get a job later. A career is a very important part of any life, after all. But, to paraphrase Mark Twain (whose works, again, I did NOT study in that pathetic BA course), don't let your schooling interfere wiith your education. Knowledge may be the only true source of power left to the common individual in this shoddy world we have built. Pursue it. Educate yourself. Please...