         Contrary to popular perception, I will not talk about Matrix Reloaded (it doesn’t matter, there is no spoon any way).  When I wanted, I couldn’t. Now that I can I don’t want to. Greater minds than mine have already done it better than I ever could. Just one thing though. Neo is a program.  Moving on to other things or rather just one: Requiem For a Dream. If you have seen it, see it again. If you haven’t, what the hell you waiting for? A modern masterpiece with no matrix-type frills this movie is one that makes you take a long hard look at yourself and your addictions. So much so that for a while when the movie was still fresh, I was considering quitting chicken. Then the tongue took over.  But all said & done, at first glance Requiem is a tough pill to swallow (pun intended). Then it all sinks in. Based on Hubert Selby Jr’s novel of the same name, this has to be Darren Aronofsky’s best movie yet. It’s all about drugs and addictions. Stark in its outlook, the whole movie is one relentless sensory assault that makes you butt out that cigarette you’re smoking right now.   The movie is about 4 people. Each with their aspirations for and perceptions of greatness. Till drugs get in their way. It’s about Harry Goldfarb (Jared Leto of Fight Club fame), his friend Tyrone (Marlon Wayans of I’m-Damon-Wayan’s-brother fame), his girfriend Marianna (Jennifer Connely of Beautiful Mind) and most of all, and in a bizarre twist, his mother Sarah Goldfarb (Ellen Burstyn).  For a movie that starts with a split-screened crime, this movie just goes on to higher things. Especially amazing is how we never really see the characters (except Sarah) do drugs, the director uses a very novel visual mnemonic to convey a lot of things besides this. Hysterical, unreal, surreal, frightening. That’s what this movie is. With a brilliant background score to boot.  From how Harry and Tyrone get a hit, get high, get going to Marianne’s slow and steady addiction to Sarah’s equally low & steady downward spiral this movie has it all. From a kooky self-help game show that initiates Sarah’s spiral to perverts out for a good time. Watch out for these things though: the (wo)man-eating refrigerator, the addict-exploiting black (didn’t catch his name). It’s worth a see. And if you’re of masochistic leanings watch it back to back. So although I can go on, in the interests of winding up I leave you with this: www.requiemforadream.com (just go with the flow of the website's flash and you'll get it)  PS: How the fuck did Julia Roberts win an Oscar that year, with Burstyn around? In my highly-humble opinion, this movie should’ve made a mark on the Oscars.