            How to Build a Time Machine by Paul Davies  .  The first time I read HG Wells' 'The Time Traveller' was in one of those 'classics in comic form' type editions which are ostensibly aimed at kids, but actually serve as a very good starting point for people of any age.  The story was really more about HG Wells' surprisingly (for those who think of him as the father of SF and identify him with a blithe 19th-century materialistic rationality) pessimistic view of the human future. But what stayed in my head was the idea that there could be a machine that I could step into and use to steer myself back and forth on the currents of time.  The next time I came across concepts of time travel was while watching Carl Sagan's tv serial, Cosmos. It was the episode that discussed Einsteins theories of relativity and their many implications. Most vividly, the concept of time dilation. I realised that this was a neat way to jump into the future but, as long as there was no way to journey back into the past, it would always be a one-way trip, not real SF time-travel. In any case, we are all time-travellers in a sense, being constantly hurtled forward into the future by entropy. Time dilation is just a way of getting a jump on this flow by tying yourself to the speed of light. Even if we could achieve lightspeed, or near enough, we would just be leap-frogging ourselves into an unknown future with no return tickets. It might make for some very interesting adventures of a pioneering kind, but it certainly wouldn't be the sort of time-travel practised by, say, Doctor Who.  But is it possible to travel to the past? Does it still exist somewhere, in some form? And wouldn't going back in time violate certain basic aspects of reality, like the second law of thermodynamics? Paul Davies briefly describes how travelling back in time may be possible, within the field of influence exerted upon space and time by a rapidly spinning body of sufficient mass. But basically, he does not seriously discuss any way to reverse the flow of time itself or travel directly to the past from the present. What he proposes, instead, is manipulating space, matter and energy to create a stable tunnel , or wormhole through time and space, allowing lightspeed or near travel to some future point in time at some distant point in space.  This wormhole would then serve as a two-way path between these two points, finally allowing us to travel from a future date to one in the past just by turning round and returning form the other end of the wormhole. It would still be impossible, however, to travel to any point in time BEFORE this marvellous conduit was created.  There's a lot more detail to it of course, and a few points that I need to read a few more times to fully figure out. The amount of conceptual ground covered in this simply-written, elegantly laid-out book is quite amazing. Nearly every angle on the whole conundrum at hand is explored through the speculations of sceintists like Einstein, Godel and most recently, Kip Thorne (who actually developed the wormhole concept because his friend Carl Sagan wanted to make the wormhole portal in Contact as theoretically sound as possible).  In the process, we are treated to quick overviews of the basic ideas of relativity, quantum physics and black hole theory, amng others. The author also does a quick round-up of various famous time-travel paradoxes (all of which are immensely familiar to any dedicated SF reader) and the currrent thinking about them. Lastly, he points out that time is an integral component of what we call the 'fabric of reality'. Even if time-travel does eventually turn out to be impossible, as scientists like Hawking and Wheeler have suggested, research in this direction helps us push at the boundaries of what we know about some very large, basic forces and could well be a key to that scientific Grail of Grails, the grand unified theory of everything. Stranger things have happened. This book is a bird's eye view, a good starting point. It made me think and it made me wonder. I get the feeling it doesn't dive too deep into certain esoteric points, or into a few alternative models of time-travel.  In many ways, this book was like one of those 'beginners' classics' I alluded to at the beginning - a solid, if basic grounding that leaves you with a good conceptual framework for further exploration, more voyages into time space and the mind.