         Not really the promised review - just a few stray thoughts provoked by a couple of movies (X-Men:2 and Matrix:Reloaded), related comics (in the case of X-Men) and 'the critical legacy' thereof. (Which reminds me - you know those 'Essential Criticism' books you see, which contain critical essays about authors like Aldous Huxley, Virginia Woolf and so forth? I must do one like that for a comic or a rock band (maybe Radiohead) one day)  I notice that X-Men:2 (X-2) has been pretty much treated as 'just entertainment' in comparison to the other big sf-flick of the moment, Matrix:Reloaded (M:R). Maybe it's because X-Men are only a comic book, while the Matrix sequence is rapidly emerging in the light of a latter-day Zen koan, a flashpoint for all manner of metaphysical mutterings and a template (I should be kind and say 'inspiration'?) for a whole new breed of action flicks.  When it comes to that last point, X:2 has its fair share of thrilling eye-kicks - Nightcrawler's assault on the President of the USA, Magneto's airborne escape from captivity (which is pure comic-book magic), Wolverine's duel with Deathstrike and that truly awe-inspiring dam-break at Alkali Lake. (heh...rhymes)  For me, the most rivetting scenes in the movie were when Dr. X stops time in the museum (I just get a kick out of it...it's not a part of this discusion), Wolvy's battle (spliced by the way with an equally exciting confrontation between Jean Grey and the brainwashed Cyclops) and that dam-burst.  These are very different from the stand-out scenes on M:R. Even though the battle scene involves posthumans with strange powers, it is basically a one-on-one face-off, hand to adamantium-clawed hand. All the action in M:R takes place in a virtual environment (The Matrix, boisungurls!!!), between avatars of humans and manifestations of software programs. Similarly, the 'big picture' for me in X:2, that dam break, depicts a primal force of nature - water - unleashed in all its raw fury, not some coded event in a cyber environment.  And that's a clue to where this movie is coming from, what it's really about (apart from being a bloody good super-hero adventure). The fundamentally shaky premise - the X-Men are supposed to be mutants, but there's no logic to it, no pattern that fits any known mechanic of mutation (but, hell, what d'you want from a comic that was created for kids - Isaac Asimov?) isn't important compared to the immediacy of the very strong story and the very human question it hinges on - that of tolerance in diversity.   This isn't explored or shown as well as it could be - none of the mutants, in fact, seems to really face the amount of discrimination that, say, I as an Asian would face in the USA. There are instances of harrasment - in the museum canteen - and betrayal, but they are rather sanitised and pat. Then again, it could be because the X-Men have more or less isolated themselves from the human mainstream in the ghetto that is Professor X's Institute. Still, it is a major message of the movie, and in an age when old-fashioned xenophobia is re-asserting itself in an increasingly globalised environment, this may be a more pertinent message than any amount of musing on the 'fundamental nature of reality'.   Magneto and Professor X are central points in this context, as they embody two opposing reactions to the experience of discrimination - Magneto has no patience for the pettiness of humanity, and wants to get on with establishing a mutant earth. Professor X, of course, dreams of an eventual reconciliation and in the meantime, a respectful distance and dedication to serving all humanity. Knowing that both their goals are quite far off, they both choose to from isolated groups of mutants, cut off from mainstream humanity.   What really brings this vision to life are of course the sterling performances of Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellan. They bring a poise, dignity and almost Elizabethan (dare I say Shakespearean?) presence and verve to their roles and take the movie to a higher level.  Equally vital is Hugh Jackman's Wolverine - about the first time I've actually preferred the movie version of a comic book character. I could write paragraphs about how cool Wolvy's charecter and Jackman's interpretation thereof are, and how much they contribute to the movie, but you get the idea.  Nightcrawler is another gem, and with his deep religious faith, brings in a few interesting angles to the big issues of discrimination and intolerance.  Lastly, the women in X:2 totally kick ass, the ones in M:R are just no contest. Storm and Jean Grey are lethal, leather-clad bombshells, Deathstrike is all that AND an adamantium skelton, Rogue is just so adorable and Mystique is bluer and nuder than ever. The sad thing is two of these hotties die in the course of the movie. Damn...