         It's not just the so-called 'weak minds', Joy. It's easy to ignore my references to what drugs can do to a person by saying, 'oh, but those are junkys'. The fact is, I personally haven't met anyone whose life has been significantly bettered, over a long period of time, by any form of sustained tripping on a habitual level.   Even in the ones who more or less have their lives in shape, there's a certain hardening of the thought processes, a narrowing of the mind. They no longer frolic free through all those wondrous realms this thing we call the mind can enter into.   Rather than sit in a quaint old cafe with charmingly rude waiters hovering around as you sip on watery filter coffee from old-mans-teeth yellowed cups, talking animatedly about the Third Reich, the crank theories of Colin Wilson, the pros and cons of the big bang theory, the subtle defects of libertarianism, the state of rock n' roll, the counter-dimensional art of MC Escher, the political scene or maybe just the contents of the afternoon's meal or hey did you see that girl I think she's looking at me no she's looking at you, these people whose lifestyles revolve around a regular intake of any narcotic are more commonly to be found huddled in some smoke-filled room, either staring vacantly into space to the accompaniment of some canned music that serves as an excuse not to think, or giggling like schoolgirls at their first NSync concert, cracking the most inane jokes this side of Three's Company and generally raising serious doubts as to whether there is, in fact, intelligent life on planet earth.  This isn't arrogant opinion, mindless appeal to authority or whatever - it's an observation I've made after years of people-watching.   The next time someone defends the narcotic experience as a key to higher mental growth or creativity, I am going to ask them - 'So, what have you learned?' Only those who have a convincing answer need waste my time further.  And yes, my definition of convincing is, like everything else about me, subjective and opinionated and self righteous. it's as simple as this - if I think it's an insight I could not have realised myself without a narcotic of some form bubbling in my head, I will gladly concede the point and cease to believe that drugs are, ultimately, a dead-end for human evolution.  Any takers?