         shenoy cringes and cowers in trepidation before the God of the Higher English Language. The onslaught of big-sounding and tough-looking words tears the very fabric of his reality to pieces. almost misses the cheap-trick paronomasia. almost dismisses it as the work of an unstable (as in, highly or violently reactive) mind, but then realization dawns. although the bad taste remains in mouth, he realizes that earning a living through work (except in a nerd-firm) is to be considered a sad state of affairs. suddenly realizes that unbeknownst to him greater minds have attained true immortality, divinity and YHVH-hood by doing a course in English and working in a big-name firm (quickly does google search for an (experienced) english teacher so he can attain also High Ground and also swiftly dispatches office boy to gangarams to fetch him a thesaurus).  while waiting for the thesaurus to arrive, attempts (with his pea-brained knowledge of THE language) to define lobotomy.  lobotomy: Surgical interruption of nerve tracts to and from the frontal lobe of the brain; often results in  marked cognitive and personality changes . Lobotomies fall under a category of operating procedures known as psychosurgery (brain surgery on human patients intended to relieve severe and otherwise intractable mental or behavioral problems), which in turn falls under the broad umbrella of brain burgery.  lobotomy: also known as leucotomy. But NOT to be confused with transorbital lobotomy which is a method of performing prefrontal lobotomy in which the surgical knife is inserted above the eyeball and moved to cut brain fibers  tuckered out with this bloggal ejaculation of hopefully meaningful words, looks to chai as the savior and looks ecstatic as he sees office boy approaching on the horizon with thesaurus (and a receipt for the same) in hand. quickly winds up this edition of blogging and leaves the hallowed grounds of the blog that have been sanctified by the presence of drug-dependent GOD, while all the time apologizing for the desecration of the language and the discussion.  runs down the stairs screaming "all joy to you man"