         shen oy! (like: oi! shen-oi!)  sad to say, saatch iz our state of affairs. (had to say, no reason whatsoever :)  the stable minds are most likely resting at home (is what i think), content with their own sure thoughts, doing what they want to most. (to repeat previous assertion: the minds that are most stable, are the ones buried)  that must leave all of us out, surely? (think again, and satisfy yourself well)  the world a junkyard, and all junk-laden lunatics ..  anyways, here are a few of the pointers i go by, in identifying really weak minds (call them unstable, for here):  the unstable mind needs to pick on others, finding consolation in having picked something, at least. the unstable mind relies on others, to (try and) grasp meanings out of the reach of its (innate cognitive) capacity. the unstable mind constantly refers to what others have said, to reassure the self of being correct, in some way. (the more popular the reference, so much the better)  (c'mon now .. every mind is unstable in some way or the other .. it's how much that matters; like everybloodything else)  who is this man george andrews? his life seems summed up in the one quote shenoy highlights his own understanding with. and what the goodman andrews said, is as staid as what my mama would tell me, while forcing me to eat the bitter gourd. ("the approach, son, the approach")  about everything else, i think this discussion stands clarified:  that we are concerned about (mostly minor) heads losing it, in craving for an easily accessible "high", and thereby glorifying whatever expression or impression they stumble upon.   we do not suggest that intoxication is for amusement. in fact, any definite conviction about the usage of substance is altogether unacceptable.  what we have shredded in this course of substance, is the working of the human mind. (am leaving out discussion, and particular references to jp's disconcern, over why and how the mind can so easily get disillusioned and delusional, for later)  need i really define the implication (or conditional relation) of the "individual"?   that intoxicated minds CAN function (for better, or for worse) is not an opinion for every individual to accept (or even understand).  he who suggests a lobotomy for reasons expressed off-handedly over a blog, so badly needs a thesaurus, with an (experienced) english teacher for guidance.  and here's a quote for anybody who seeks consolation against schizophrenia (nobody panic, please!):   (stated by F. Scott Fitzgerald, who by the way, was an alcoholic)  "The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time, and still retain the ability to function."  waadevuh.