         drugs and zark. hmmm…looks like they're the current flavour of the week. who do i choose? don't know zark, so i think i’ll do drugs. interesting debate going on. i will jump right in i say! poking my nose in where it don't belong. with my limited knowledge of the english vocabulary and limited skills of sentence construction, i shall try my best to give you my take on the whole issue. that it shall be incoherent, rambling and dis-jointed is to be taken for granted (you’ve been warned).   so guys - jp, joydeep, and pierre (whoever you are, wherever you are hi!) Do not take anything personally. here goes…  "whether drugs lead to illumination or degradation depends on the spirit in which one takes them." george andrews  **i believe that a person drinks or does a drug excessively only if he or she greatly prefers that altered mental state to normal sentience. put simply, excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself.**  wasn’t it this statement that started the whole thing? well, as far as the author (of the above statement) is concerned the operative word is EXCESSIVE. i don’t completely agree, the operative words are also I BELIEVE. plain and simple. and i don’t agree also with the definition that is being provided for ‘excessive tripping’. if i’m not happy with what’s inside my head, i’ll blow the brains out of it. not go around excessively tripping. yes, doing drugs is the ultimate shortcut to escape from reality, but it’s not the only thing to do. the mind has other avenues.  which brings us to the question: WHAT IS THE MIND? is it the same as the brain? i don’t think so. the brain needs an adequate supply of fresh blood everyday, every minute to keep it going. the mind? well…it needs fresh thoughts, fresh ideas to grow. i needs new and unexplored horizons to conquer. the (active) mind constantly seeks new ways of seeing things. and it is here that DRUGS DO HELP.  yes, the delirium, the ‘high’ brought on by drugs are not what we experience in our everyday humdrum life. not even rock climbing (which i’ve done) can do that. drugs help one get in touch with perspectives that are not his, but, are his. it opens up new avenues of thought and creativity. YES, THIS IS A SHORTCUT. but, there’s too much to do, too little time. so i enjoy a shortcut once in a while. people, sages, have spent a lifetime figuring out what their mind is capable of, while doing nothing else. and since i don’t have that kind of a time to do nothing but explore my mind, a shortcut is welcome. but while i say that, LET ME MAKE ONE THING CLEAR -- the shortcut must be resorted to not as an end by itself, but as a means to something that’s bigger than the drug itself. drugs are not “damaging to the pursuit of human freedom”. excluding an avenue that can take your mind further is. surrendering your life to the drug is. LACK OF FREEDOM is not when you take the drug. it is when the drug takes you.  here’s where i offer my definition of ‘EXCESSIVE TRIPPING’: it is what happens when people take to drugs not as a means to an end, but as an end in itself. the drug is all. everything else is just incidental. what it can do (mentally) is not even considered. the drug just feeds the physical part of a man. the very act of injecting a drug into yourself, taking a drag off the phat joint, becomes the focal point. that is excessive tripping. it is a sign of PHYSICAL DEPENDENCE on the drug, not of things being fucked in the head.   so you see what my whole argument hinges on: IF THE DRUG IS THE MEANS, it’s fine. IF IT’S AN END, then you’ve got a problem on your hands brother. USE THE DRUG, DON’T ABUSE IT. harness its awesome power. do not waste it on mere physical satisfaction. know your mind enough (and this is something only you can do for yourself) and then take it another step forward. know how much is good enough for you, and go ahead.   one more thing, you mentioned “appropriate emotional or psychological dues”. pray, tell me what are those? isn’t living and experiencing life and reading in today’s hyper-everything world not enough? or are the higher states of mind something like the HALLOWED HALLS OF OXFORD, to attain which, you have to go though the necessary tests and pay the appropriate fees?  so what i’m saying is that drugs are fine. but to whom does this apply to? to what extent can one go in the use of drugs? at this point, i enlist the help of the EXPERIENCED SILLY ASS, mr. timothy leary who says: “…is not for every brain....only the healthy, happy, wholesome, handsome, hopeful, humorous, high-velocity should seek these experiences. THIS ELITISM IS TOTALLY SELF-DETERMINED. unless you are self-confident, self-directed, self-selected, please abstain.  my advice to people today is as follows: if you take the game of life seriously, if you take your nervous system seriously, if you take your sense organs seriously, if you take the energy process seriously, you must TURN ON, TUNE IN, AND DROP OUT."  GET THE PICTURE? the controlled use of an addictive substance is something that very few people can handle. but most people cannot (whether you can, go find out for yourself). by the way, the controlled use of a drug once a week is not really controlled. it is a low level addiction.  this is the point at which i take exception to joydeep’s statement -- “of course, the individual mind will be far more stable, and reliable without the intoxicated influence. but who's talking about stable minds here?” well, for one, jp was when he said “you can alter your mind without all the junk, if you actually have a mind.” and if what you’re implying that drugs and altered states of mind are the refuge only of unstable minds, i take it that you’re TALKING ABOUT YOURSELF. because as much an exception I took to jp’s categorical statement of excessive tripping, I take it too to your statement. You see, as mr. Leary has pointed out, the last thing you need when you’re doing drugs is an unstable mind. If you think that only an unstable mind needs drugs, you’re wrong. What a person with an unstable mind needs is a mental asylum. and if the one with an unstable mind needs an altered state of mind, i recommend a lobotomy. You also used the term “INDIVIDUAL MIND”. hmm…show me a man with multiple mind(s), joydeep, and I’ll show you a schizophrenic, who also probably needs a lobotomy.  so the focus shifts to, as jp pointed out, the quality of the mind. all i will say about it is that people with weak, impressionable minds should not do drugs. how do we define weak impressionable minds? here are a couple of examples. if you read harry potter and then go on to boil a cauldron full of lizard legs and moolangi leaves, while doing a google search for HOGWARTS’ PROSPECTUS, it’s a sure indication that you have a very impressionable young mind. another category of weak, impressionable minds is one where people play silly video games (which were meant for meaningless entertainment anyway), and once they’re done playing, seek out their bazookas and aim to kill other humans, AL-QAEDA ISHTYLE. these 2 are representative examples only, intended to indicate the kind of people who should not do drugs.  why do we read? why do we listen to new music? why do we try to visit new places? try to meet new people? FOR THE MIND? right. and drugs just fits neatly into this list. ah yes, you’ll say drugs are dangerous. but who’s to define dangerous? you mean i’ll die earlier? ok. what is there to live for? reading can be dangerous too. if you love books to much, you’ll go broke buying them (knowledge is not for the masses), leaving you no money to buy a good lunch (and dinner). so which do you think is more dangerous? which just illustrates my point that use of drugs per se is not bad, but abuse is.  coming to the examples of exemplary achievers and achievements quoted: TOLKIEN AND EINSTEIN. following from jp’s thought that he “don't buy all that stuff about defining whether I mean alcohol/natural substances/hard drugs”, I would say that both of them were substance abusers. so what if the substance was tobacco? tobacco relaxes, doesn’t it? just because it’s legal does not mean it does not have hallucinogenic properties. what say jp? so shall i make the categorical statement that humanity owes its existence and progress to drugs? and SYD BARRET. what can i say about him? if it meant that by doing drugs i could do even half of what he did. i would gladly do more drugs. but you see drugs by themselves do not guarantee anything. you need to be of some substance first, to be able to harness it. or you’ll just end up a slave to it, just syd barret himself did. he should’ve dropped out when he was ahead.  THINK ABOUT IT. jp, if there was no use of drugs, there would be no naked lunch, no lucy in the sky with diamonds, and maybe, not even the light bulb. following your logic that every drug user is not using his innate power of mind exploration leads us to say that burroughs, lennon and edison were UNIMAGINATIVE. Or would you rather have us think that people such as FRANK ZAPPA, SHAKESPEARE, DALI, DOYLE, LEWIS CARROL, DICKENS, HENDRIX, JANIS JOPLIN, LAYNE STALEY, POE, AND CARL SAGAN as INSIPID FOOLS just because they used drugs? and who would have been anything but creative had it not been for the drugs? do you still stand by your statement and call these people LOSERS? and you, joydeep, would you have us call people like MARCUS AURELIUS, JULES VERNE, SHELLEY, COLERIDGE, STEVENSON, ALDOUS HUXLEY, FREUD, COLE PORTER, BOB DYLAN, STEVE JOBS AND JP as PEOPLE WITH UNSTABLE MINDS? just because they used drugs? think about it.   you see, drugs can only show you the way to HEAVEN (OR HELL). getting there will have to be on your own two legs. if you don’t trust your lazy legs and your mind to survive the journey, or even make it in the first place, what the hell do you need a map for?