         jaypee,  it's a pity you need to be so vehement over the idea of free 'unadulterated' thought ..  and to hardline how The Great Mind Must Think is ridiculous.  it's probably just your (seemingly newfound) idealism that amuses me ..  although, that your conviction (and dictates) spread far beyond this blog is my hope too.  so, i had to find my way home last evening, and realise the irresponsibility behind my previous comments ..  (i did however check to ensure they were all suppositions, and not definitions, as you have chosen to proclaim) ..   so i state this, for the sake of generations that i cannot speak for, but only attempt speaking to: "don't ever get intoxicated - be it with weed, alcohol, anything else. the struggle - through the flood of thought, over utmost relaxation, and into focussed deliberations - can be intensely gratifying, or gravely allusive. you might as well struggle with reality first hand."  now, i need to find the root of this discussion, that we have rambled over and on for so long.   my disconcern has firmly been over your opinion that: "excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself."  to me, this sounds more of a disconcerted statement of an individual mind.   that you think the problem is "the quality of the mind" is what i choose to laugh (aloud) at.  where do you find a problem?  if you think the mind is imperfect, i say the mind is always striving for perfection .. and that is why it is never perfect, but in the life-long process of attaining perfection. (this is relative to the individual, mind you)  (and the only minds in a state of complete perfection are resting in graves)  i have agreed about all your ideas concerning The Mind. It IS ALL in The Mind. (no second thoughts necessary)  so why then do people get high? more likely a question (directed to what you have admitted): how does smoking a spiff relax you?  what is it about this relaxation? if the mind is "relaxed", how much better can it get??  (ps: this last bit after reading your last blog-in: the junky is most disconcerted, blasting off without reason, and the reason therein is with the individual mind. i have come through harsh experiences of wasted close-ones hell-bent on losing it, without even an attempt at rationalised behaviour .. and you can be sure i feel very deeply about this too; but while junkies (the lost ones) find their way around, (causing us mere mortals to get all-so didactic), can't we get down to what the damn junk really does to our minds? pps: umm, claim what you want .. but i believe a discussion in person - over a smoke - will work out much better, for two minds trying hard to reason things out.  - deep joy