          "tripped out", being   dearest lord of the vaguest ramblings, your discourses and tidbits work like mouthfreshener for me. by saying that, i do not mean i really follow every meaning you describe, but your words are comfortingly fresh. i dig that, like "that's the shit" only an inflected tone can convey.  for this piece of mine, i choose words to respond to one statement in particular, that you chose to highlight as your understanding, in the piece titled "shaking off the chains".  i cannot speak for musicians, as i have only ever appreciated the kind, and never been one among them. but to pursue a creative art of self-expression, is something i understand as universal.  all that apart, this bleary-eyed monday-morning head was most piqued to read a remark, such: "I believe that a person drinks or does a drug excessively only if he or she greatly prefers that altered mental state to normal sentience. Put simply, excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself ."  it seems to me, that the state of being 'tripped out' has been left unsatisfactorily described. of course, before getting to the state itself, there are several issues that need clarification: for one, the issue of "excessive" indulgence. in what context is this "excess"? and who is to determine how much is "excessive" for every and any one?  i have known, and in fact been (over earlier days) in, the out-of-conscious state with drug/alcohol amounts that are by no standards much; on the contrary, the least amounts could get certain minds way out of control.  agreeably, "excessive" indulgence implying regular consumption, does decrease the relative effect on a mind over time, causing an increase in need (or craving) - for the sake of attaining a state off-handedly identified as a "higher" state.  the point i disagree with is that a mind needs to be necessarily discontent with the self in order to indulge excessively in intoxication. if the 'altered state-of-mind' can be identified (as a bio-logical reaction), and the effects therein comprehended clearly, this state-of-mind can, i believe, serve to work wonders. (to define such a state can seem and sound really hollow and pointless, as, who is to explain how what-i-mean really feels like?)  but i must attempt defining this 'altered state'. in my opinion, the feeling most commonly understood as a drug/alcohol-induced 'high', is nothing but a 'higher state of consciousness' (as a bio-logical effect of a sedated nervous system, and increased "sensitivity" of the individual mind).  most minds introduced to this state of increased sensitivity get driven into spiralling private pre-occupations of the self. such pre-occupations can last over life-long experiences, and really depend on vaguely defined (and oft misunderstood) references to functioning modes of the individual mind: issues like the sense of self-criticism, logical reasoning, mental balance, etc..  if the mind experiences such a state in an open environment (physically, this could mean open skies and nature, or even in the act of love-making), the mind might be able to broaden its understanding - over partners, known people, other people, people in general, and probably even the world.  in such a state, when the sensitivity of a mind is at its peak, expression turns out in the purest form known to it.  what struck me most in your message that accepts musicians getting 'tripped out' before making music, is the apparent cluelessness regarding the cause and effect of intoxication. (now, alcohol versus natural substances versus hardcore drugs is a discussion apart altogether)  the bottomline IS a state of mind. this can be described by most people as simply "getting high", explained by few others as an "elevated" state of being, and most commonly misunderstood as 'smashed', etc .. if the mind loses all control.  having scripted this piece, i find so many unclear statements, and vaguer allusions, herein, that i now so dearly wish i'd written this after smoking a big phat joint.