         I was thinking about how people pick a role and then use it to limit rather than explore themselves. I was thinking about this because I play (or at least used to play) the bass guitar, and a lot of the people I know are musicians.  You'd think someone who is pursuing a creative art of self-expression would be an interesting, fulfilled person with a lot to share socially. Well, it really isn't so. Most of the musicians I know are rather boring people outside of that small circle of musicians and their followers. An alarming number of them drink, smoke pot or experiment with other stuff to the extent that it dominates their social lives, destroying it in some cases.  I believe that a person drinks or does a drug excessively only if he or she greatly prefers that altered mental state to normal sentience. Put simply, excessive tripping is a sign that you're not happy with what's in your head, with yourself. In many ways, these people have so identified themselves with their role as musicians that they are hardly capable of being anything else, of embodying all those little details and nuances that make up a complete human being.  Sure they crack a lot of jokes, but after sometime that becomes a crutch as well. These in-jokes and phrases pop up and replace any kind of meaningful conversation that might reveal how little they have to say.  And even the spread of these little memes shows how insulated and self-referential the music community here has made itself. I remember, earlier this year, I was helping a friend of mine, a fellow bassist, with his copy test for an ad agency. Whenever he came out with ideas that rang true, I would encourage him by saying 'that's the shit!'. A few weeks later, I had this phrase used at me by a musician who had just come down from Bombay, with exactly the same tone and inflection in which I'd used it. Very touching, but, hell, can't you think up your own catchphrases for Zark's sake? I think most of the musicians I know have somehow stunted their emotional growth at the adolescent level - probably because that's the stage at which they felt the most joy in their music, and therefore, their lives.  I notice that these people find it very hard to transit into a wholesome, mature state of mind and life. They cling to all the wrong aspects of being a musician - the license, the waywardness, the mindless rebelliousness, pointless technical excellence and reject the chance to take it all to the next level.  In a way, my friend who described them as just 'meeting down the pub to blow sunshine up each other's asses' might have been at least half-right. I realise that I took exception to what he said partly because I still have some remnants of loyalty to that community, and partly because the particular band he was picking on, Cryptic, is far too good to just dismiss like that.  This is just one instance of the thought I'd introduced at the beginning. There are so many other ways in which people use an aspect of their lives to actually limit themselves rather than run with it and seize freedom in a larger sense. Why are people so afraid of freedom? What do you think?