         I'm in Madras after a gap of nearly three years. Thelast time I was here, I was part of a band that was participating in IIT Madras' annual cultural festival. Now I'm here on a business trip. Funny how life is.  The place is pretty much as I remember it. Fresh from Bangalore, it all seems rather smelly, incredibly mosquito-ridden and the weather is as humid as ever. What really sets a Madras (I refuse to refer to it as Chennai, by the way. I was born in a place called Madras and that's the story I'm sticking to) street apart from it's Bangalore counterpart is the amount of organic waste rotting everywhere. The usual excretions, plus flowers, leaves and various other odds and ends that somehow just don't form a major portion of the litter in colder, harder Bangalore. I might be wrong, but another difference is a certain vibrance. The vibe on the streets is somehow warm, vivacious and very earthy. In contrast, Bangalore is chaotic, sullen, scheming and crude for the most part. It's probably because of the influx of rich IT types, and the displacement as well as the new opportunties for - well - opportunism - felt by the locals as a consequence. In a way, Bangalore is starting to feel a bit like a tourist trap - a situation where a large percentage of the population is permanently geared up to exploit another large section, whether transient or just new. Not that the IT types are innocents abroad - in many ways, it's their crude, materialistic attitudes that have brought about this change in Bangalore. I can't really comment all that much on Madras on the basis of a day spenthere - but the contrasts have, oddly enough, helped me crystallise a lot of the things I've been percieving about Bangalore. I haven't been able to locate the second-hand book stores yet, but one glance at my grandfather's collection - THOUSANDS of books, I tell you, reminded me that, in Madras at least, I hardly need them.  It's also been fun meeting my little cousins. I never imagined Iwould enjoy being with two little kids as much as I am, but I will confess I'm glad it's time for them to sleep. they can get pretty exhausting - where does all that energy come from anyway?