         A rather interesting essay. Although the argument basically just seems to boil down to : 'Some people NEED drugs just to cope in this fucked up world.' Going by the same logic, 'some people NEED to rape babies just to cope in this fucked up world.' OK, that wasn't quite fair, I realise. Anyway go read the essay and decide for yourself.   In fairness, I should add that the writer is making a valid point when he says that pro-sobriety types who feel you shouldn't use a narcotic to help you cope wouldn't back their statement by offering such people constructive help. We should find a way to make help more accesible before condemning peope who use some mind-altering substance (alcohol, weed, whatever)  to deal with their problems.   I guess the key is in a statement by Allan Watts, where he says in his essay 'Psychedelics and Religious Experience',  'their (psychedelics, but I'm extending it to psychotropics in general) free and responsible use be exempt from legal restraint'.   The point is defining what exactly responsible use means. Because very few (maybe only 2) of the pro-drug people I know are actually using their trips in a manner that could be described as 'responsible'.   And once you come to an acceptable definition of 'responsible use', how do you enforce it?   Any ideas on either the definition or enforcement of 'responsible use'? Because I do accept that making substances illegal just because a large number of people may misuse them is contrary to the freedom of the individual. But the alternative cannot be a free-for-all state of licence.   A good definition of 'responsible use' has to allow for both recreational use and transformational use. Just narrowing it down either way isn't an answer either.   And the REAL problem is enforcement...damn. Why does it all have to be so complex? Because this is the real world, I guess.   Actually it isn't an issue of enforcement so much as an issue of giving people access to sensible, balanced information and advice.  Sadly, the whole issue just polarises people so much (myself very much included) that such an ideal state of affairs is aeons away.