         Here's a little scrap from a story I'm working on. Comments and criticism are welcome...  Let's try this: a vast room, somewhere deep in the caverns of a city (hollowed out of the earth's crust in a bid to solve ever-growing housing problems some three centuries previously). Various odds and ends of esoteric equipment litter the room in a vaguely ordered chaos. The centerpiece of the whole space is a vast haze, black with lightning-flashes of blue at the center and ringed with a hazy, blinding white at the edges. It forms a rough circle. Arcs of blue flare out from the core now and then, lancing across the room without any visible effect.   Now, the players. A group of 19 young research scientists from various parts of the solar system. Some patched in, some physically present. Some of the patch-ins are interfaced with a Bodysuit to join the physically present in manipulating a complex of wires, circuits and other gadgetry that frames the circular manifestation. They are headed by an older man, grey haired but with a youthful vigour and a charismatic air, a bit like a MedicSoap Older Doctor. Nevertheless, he is a brilliant man.  Suddenly, the yawning black turns an alarming shade of red. Various sirens go off, lights flash and researchers run around yodelling in confusion, trying to follow panic-forgotten emergency protocols. With a shout, the older man rallies them around and puts them to work on the framework device.  ‘Shut it down, that's our only hope.’ He calls out, directing individual researchers to different tasks at different nodes of the structure. The junior scientists, physically present, patched in and prosthetically manifest, go about their tasks with frantic efficiency. The red glow seems to stretch out of the haze, bulging out of the confines of the framework, gradually at first. As time passes, one scientist after the other fails to achieve the desired result and moves on to another task. Gradually, more than half of the team find themselves out of useful options and mill around their as-yet active comrades, hoping to find some reassurance.   The glow has reached its point of maximum contraction now, and coalesces into a filmy skin, stretched tight over a blinding glow. The leader calls his helpers away from their tasks and gathers them around him. They huddle together, many embracing, some weeping, staring all the while at the object before them.  The glow increases in intensity. A sudden humming sound reaches a crescendo and the membrane explodes, spewing light and energy in its blast.