            The Physiognomy – Jeffrey Ford    The blurb announces that this book won the Fantasy Book of the Year Award 1998. Despite that, it seems like it might be worth reading. A fan of Tolkien and    Eddisson  , I've come to view the contemporary fantasy scenario with some chagrin. Endless epics that seem to go nowhere, made-to-order trilogies, childish humour and weak plotting masquerading as Douglas Adams-style comedy, and an overall tendency to cater to the kind of people who generally want a lot of battles and intrigue but think the usual Jeffrey Archer-type stuff is infra dig. I still get suckered into trying out some of those books now and then, but on the whole, I’ve decided to stay away.  Ford’s novel however seemed to have the sort of off-kilter, daringly inventive premise that writers like   Iain M. Banks   or   JG Ballard   specialize in.   The world Ford describes actually falls somewhere in between a sci-fi world and a fantasy one. An interesting hybrid. And thankfully, there are no magicians/sorcerer/dragons/magic swords or other   well-tempered plot devices.   The story itself revolves around Cley, who is also the narrator. Cley is a master Physiognomist, trained to detect all there is to know about a person from the disposition of their external features. Nose-to-chin ratios, that sort of thing. He is in service to Drachton Below, a sinister figure who rules the Well-Built City, which itself was constructed by Below in the image of his own mind, something like the    memory palaces  used by some medieval scholars as a mnemonic device, only made concrete in a reversal of the usual process.  Cley is sent to a backwaters town to investigate the disappearance of a religious artifiact, a fruit, apparently brought back from Paradise. He finds this assignment extremely unpalatable and shows it in his dealings with the townspeople. In fact, Cley comes across as a brutal, arrogant character in this part of the story. Various incidents transpire, culminating in his mutilation of the lovely Arla, a remarkable intelligent woman with a surprising talent for physiognomy, and various other significant connections.  The second part of the story deals with Cley’s incarceration on a prison island, Doralice, accused of treason against Below, and the transformation he undergoes there. This was where all forms of dissidents, including his own mentor, were sent to work in the sulphur mines, until they died. Most of the previous inmates were sent here on the strength of Cley’s investigations. Now, in the same situation as his own former victims, he finds his alignments changing, and his always-fragile loyalty to Below crumbling. Each prisoner in the mines was assigned a particular tunnel. Walking down the tunnels made by dead prisoners, he finds each of them has transformed the inside of his tunnel to reflect his own thoughts, ideas and dreams. The experience gives Below a new insight into them. Simultaneously, there are a lot of odd things taking place on the island – a sentient monkey, Silencio, who becomes his main companion, and is apparently the true ruler of the island, a Night Captain Matters and a Day Captain Matters who are either brothers or two different manifestations of the same person. The whole atmosphere is very   Kafkaesque  , and also comes close to the deranged but oddly convincing reality you might encounter in the works of   Gabriel Garcia Marquez  .   Eventually, Cley is granted a reprieve by Below, recalled to the Well-Made city with all charges against him dropped and his position reinstated. Now comes perhaps the weakest part of the novel. Cley, increasingly disgusted with Below's megalomania, begins plotting against him in secret and becomes involved with some sort of numinous resistance movement. Eventually, Below is defeated, the City destroyed and Cley and his accomplices escape to a pastoral idyll. The ending seems to be a cop-out to me – an oddly    Luddite,   anti-technological denouement. Cley's ultimate ineffectuality as a protagonist is also disappointing - he does not really do things to shape the plot, especially in the final section.   Although the quality of Ford’s prose and his sheer conceptual inventiveness remains unbroken through the novel, I got the feeling he lost the thread somewhere and quickly drew the plot towards some sot of ending. This is one book that really could have been spun out a bit further.  So this is an intriguing, exciting, but ultimately unsatisfying novel - a flawed gem, if you like. I’ve oversimplified things in my review- many significant characters and incident are left out. But I think my conclusion is fair enough. However, this is apparently the first volume of a trilogy. I haven't yet been able to get hold of the other two books, but if nothing else, this one has convinced me that the effort will be worth it.