         Well, my Science Fiction dreams are soon going to face the acid test of reality. I've more or less tinkered one of my favourite stories into a state where I don't want to mess with it anymore. I've picked out a few dozen pro and semi pro SF 'zines to submit it to - one at a time, of course. And once I send it off, I'm going to be holding my breath, waiting for those rejection slips!!!  Seriously, the story is called 'Homecoming'. It's driven by two broad ideas, expressed in the context of a coming-of-age story.  The core ideas are:  An alternate vision of space expansion to the pioneering, exploration and colonisation driven model still used by most SF. I think the driving force will be commerce, not adventure or territorial acquisition. I'm just extrapolating from existing historical facts - the East India Company established a presence in India long before HM the Queen, for instance. I've chosen a particular service industry as the vehicle for this expansion, which I thought was very original, but I've since read a Stanley Weinbaum story that uses the same chaps for the same purpose. Well, my development of the idea is still pretty different. I've tried to explore where people with the real pioneer spirit would go in such a situation, and found a possibly unexpected but very familiar destination for them.  It's also an extended parable about the Great Indian Brain Drain and how I think it can be dealt with in the long run.   Other elements that I explored are something I'd like to call 'imaginary music' (something like Borges' imaginary books) and a look at the interpersonal dynamics in a close-knit family.   I know it sounds like an awful lot, but actually, its just a couple of core ideas with a reasonable number of related and unrelated issues also being explored. Since I can't do blockbuster action, the least I can give my (as yet imaginary) readers is a lot to think about.  Another reason I'm eager to get this story doing the round is that I've got a couple more stories exploring the same overall future-history and the ideas that sparked it off. But it's hard to move on to a new project until you've done something with the old one, even if it's just to definitely know that it was a failure.