         I've been noticing, both online and in what we, increasingly laughably, call the real world, that there are two basic approaches people of 'superior taste' have towards reccomending books, music and so on to others. I've put 'superior taste' in quotes, because this is a subjective designation, but what i'm referring to is, for instance, the fantasy fan who is more into Erikson, Martin or Ford and how she would approach trying to reccomend trying these writers out to someone whos tastes are still more - er - 'inferior'. I'm not making a value judgement here, really, just trying to keep my terms consistent.  Anyway, I've found one approach is to just bombard the hapless victim with 'oh get over that stuff, you should read X Y and Z instead, they are so much broader in vision, literary merit and so and on so forth'. This is basically the crusading approach. It can work if the recepient is farily open-minded or has some reason to trust you.  But if they don't, which is very often the case online, this approach can actually be counter-productive. I've seen too many forums that hive off into a 'mass aesthetic' faction and an 'high-brow connoiseur' faction.   I think everyone looses in a situation like this. 'mass' types totally lock themselves away from some real landmark work because it is for 'those other guys' and the 'high-brows' also suffer by being out of touch with the pulse of the larger generic world, where something good does happen from time to time.   That's why I've found it makes more sense to approach an 'inferior' in a totally different way. If the person you are trying to convert likes Avril Lavigne, Creed and Coldplay, fair enough. These are her tastes and they mean something to her. Rather than alienate her, it makes much more sense to show her how what you like is related to what you like. Instead of saying 'Ugh Coldplay is so wussy, they are cheap Radiohead knock-offs' you could instead say, 'if you like Coldplay so much, you know, Radiohead was a big influence on them. It might take a little effort, but you may find Radiohead worth trying.'   This is simple persuasion procedure. Missionaries, politicians, salesmen and seducers of both sexes have used it over the millennia to good effect. It may seem hard to apply it to a topic you feel passionately about, but maybe that's exactly when gentle persuasion is most useful.   Got that? Good. Now assume the position...