          mortals tickle the lord  (busy bums beemuse the restive; the prentice seeking Sentience)  some pending issue of a back-handed prescription has snowballed into bits of irregular second-hand petitioning, seeking concerted attention of a few nobodies in particular.  by pact, all action has been resigned.  : apparently rejected as a cwack of impooper diagnosis, the suggestion promptly receded in foreign winds, only to float into willing hands that can scratch the deepest furrow.   lord word chucked a laugh, without much Definition.  (he would later run madly down the stairs, screaming "man is happy!")  the key-maker, his wares on the floor, examining every scratch, smoothens his forehead, sucking a spliff for relaxation. his master key works on most doors, but some window in the south refuses to shut.  his compatriot, the scavenger, has given up his gathering; he cannot handle the mess (there was once a lone gust of aimless junk, before the prolonged lull).  both apprentices irate over misgivings, honour and profession; the key-maker would rather shape notes (but even they are all scratchy); the scavenger might just become the municipal corporation (but there is no quotation on that); he eyes his junk short-sightedly, envisioning a sweeping display in some blessed halls that are so empty.  the key-maker claims an opening.  he has observed the lock for years.  the key-hole hasn't grown!  he peeks through and exclaims at the world.  (quickly jotting down a frenzy of realization, it seems: i have learned nothing, stupid mortal, the lessons are lined up to the grave; looks around for discussion, finds none, and temporally satisfied*, seeks more Relaxation)  the crowing outside chased a pigeon into the south window. the sight, unfamiliar claimed some, was excretiating. the hags shooed and sighed at the cocky intruder rubbing its head with a broken left wing.  in the middle of the sill (on the threshold as it were), it crapped a perfect turd.  (everybody fell rolling on the floor, launching scattered keys at the window; they were reassured, misunderstanding. all laughed but the key-maker)  *the dissatisfaction kept them awake.