         my dear devoted mother took herself up to the teaching profession long before realising she could actually help kids in learning. she was bored (seriously), and even as a kid i could sit locked up at home peacefully (there was a sneak-out route).  so she has been teaching tirelessly for two decades, now promoted to superlative post of academic supervisor, always collecting precious bonuses from after-hour neighbourhood tutoring.  and throughout her course, she would slam her head and shut her eyes, frustrated over it all. the junior classes too noisy, loud brats, then middle-school oblivion, and high-school melodramas, all added to the chief headache of fellow incompetent colleagues, and the disgusting business-minded principal mis-guides. she was never visibly happy, in fact only expressing working satisfaction over tea with well-dressed guests; being busy was good enough, that was all. as time would have it, indeed during an obscure phase in my career, i was offered the chance to address school children about subjects like poetry, children's classics, and the importance of extra-curricular activity. the logic was to get out there and have fun with kids.  in filling out weekly reports (the only teacher-like privilege, apart from corridor salutations) i would scrawl out the two words 'good fun' for every class attended (those were words in the boss' brief). but even this institution i was with then is completely driven by what we disgustedly called bullheaded marketing cows, of the ubiquitous kind. the purpose was just to get to the children (:no appropriate message involved). and they would all remember, either ways, good teachers or bad, and they will all grow up to buy. even at home, everything is taken for granted as being unnecessarily painful, not worth more than a bah! earlier, i was forced to think this was what a mid-life crisis meant; soon, the definitions changed, as this life begain to seem unending; and now it is a lifetime of ageless crises. the toast burned too much, lights not switched off, expensive toned milk .. everybody from baby to grand daddy pissed off. mebbe in the days of open country joy, all of it was simple and natural, and so much less to think about that there was no worry (unidentifiable to us, at least); and the material world raised so many other emotions, the disgusted portions glowing purple. let us all be happy. and peaceful.