         I've been noticing that a lot of people don't enjoy what they claim to like.  Let me explain.  I've been across many book lovers who claim that lately, they just can't finish anything they start, can't relate to the stories or the characters or anything in most of the books they pick up. Music lovers suddenly claim everything suddenly sounds trvial and boring. One person I've  come across just doesn't seem to enjoy anything anymore. He cribs about every book, song, movie or whatever he comes across.  What is this all about? Is this certain proof that art is dead, human creativity has reached a point of total stagnation and mediocrity is all that remains?   Maybe. Every era has either believed itself to be a golden age or an age of decay. Both assessments are usually exagerated.   I think the more important reason is a lot simpler.  It's not a simple case of overdoing it. You can read four books a week (or even a day) and still enjoy most of it.   Too much of anything kills the thrill, but what really messes it up is your attitude.   Yes, it's in the mind.  The trouble begins when the mindset of 'I know what it's all about, it's all the same, show me something NEW' sets in. That is essentially a passive attitude, and it is basically flawed because all art is interactive at heart. It needs you to respond, to be willing to jump in.  We are all only human beings. Every work of art we create basically plays wth the same humanly experienced spectrum of colours, sounds, emotions and so on. At some level, there are going to be commonalities between everything.  The trick is to retain that sense of wonder, that willingnes to enter a new wolrd on its own terms, not yours. Imagining you know everything is only going to make you bored and boring.   Everything is new. Nothing is new. It doesn't matter.   Just wade in with as few preconceptions as you can, even if you think you've seen it all. At the end of that, if you've really tried to get into it, and it still doesn't, that's when it's reasonable to conclude that its a piece of crap, at least as far as you are concerned, and move on.