         heard your word (is more am sure) lively learning (strive to die well) (to be) learned (is to) know better and listen i always will (i can)  this mind so thirsty there's no fillin'er up.  so i looked up science-fiction poetry. and amazed myself. liked so much of what i read, most of the rest of this post direct quotes.  ULTIMATE SCIENCE FICTION POETRY GUIDE: History of Science Poetry  Science Fiction Poetry has a prehistory from before the genre of Science Fiction was established. To understand this, we consider the history of natural history and science in poetry (from Ancient Greece through the early 20th Century, when Science Fiction and Fantasy became recognized as distinct genres) .. Poetry was at one time the language of philosophy, science, and all serious thought. Major treatments of Science expressed as Poetry included the works of (many) .. until Pythagoras identified music with mathematics (and) distinguished Poetry from Rhetoric, and poetry began to separate from science.   .. Aristotle has begun the split between "high art" and mere science or science fiction in verse .. (he) goes on to comment: "Poetry demands either a great natural quickness of parts, or an enthusiasm allied to madness. By the first of these we mould ourselves with facility to the imitation of every form; by the other, transported out of ourselves, we become what we imagine"    The enthusiasm allied to madness -- recalled by Shakespeare as "the lunatic, the lover, and the poet are of imagination all compact" -- leads to Coleridge's emphasis on imagination ..  SCIENCE FICTION & FANTASY POETRY is paradoxically at the imaginative core of the genre, yet exiled to the extreme periphery of the professional market. This reflects 20th Century science fiction and fantasy prose, cinema, and television as having virtually displaced poetry as our culture's supreme repository of cosmic, outlandish, and transcendental ideas.    In the 21st Century, hypertext, hypermedia, multimedia, virtual reality, and other technology may similarly displace science fiction and fantasy non-interactive visuals and prose ..  Both Science Fiction and Fantasy Poetry reflect Coleridge's distinction between "Fancy" (the basis of most mainstream poetry) with the superior "imagination" in a unique sense of creation, vitality, organicity, and passion, similar to Tolkein's "subcreation."  ..  [then somebody says:]  "The poets see the divine beauty of nature as enhanced, not lessened, by scientific explanation..."   Here is the mundane bias starkly put: that while only Science Fiction reflects the reality of technological acceleration, it does not include the "better" literature.     Science Fiction Poets aim to disprove this, as Huxley seems to urge in his final sentence:  "let us advance together, men of letters and men of science, further and further into the ever-expanding regions of the unknown."  .. It is commonly, but wrongly, thought that Science and Poetry are in opposition.    .. Centuries in the future, Graves' fictional poet Vives writes: 		Charlatans came forward, 		Boldly adopting titles 		Of mathematical virtue. 		Square Root of Minus One 		Proclaimed himself a dictator 		And swelled a private grudge 		By arithmetical progression 		Into a mad crusade.  Wordsworth contrasts the scientific and humanist spirit: 		Our meddling intellect 		Mis-shapes the beauteous forms of things:-- 		We murder to dissect. 		Enough of Science and Art; 		Close up those barren leaves; 		Come forth, and bring with you a heart 		That watches and receives.  [why do i queer feel, so old is all of this?] {saving grace was then read, (even that) written well in time}  Some special mention must be made of major authors who are far better known for their prose or their mainstream poetry, but who have produced science fiction and fantasy poetry of great merit.  [this one verse most organic, and pure, redefines nothing, just lookin'other way, so much more there is to say, even more to discover, and learn, to be sure.]  JOHN UPDIKE: "Ode to Rot" 		... let rot 		proclaim its revolution: 		the microscopic hyphae sink 		the fangs of enzymes into the rosy peach 		and turn its blush a yielding brown, 		a mud of melting glucose: 		once staunch committees of chemicals now vote 		to join the invading union, 		the former monarch and constitution routed 		by the riot of rhizoids, 		the thalloid consensus....