         Music as the true psychedelic. An amusing conceit, Deep Joy. Although, considering the over-inflated egos most musicians in my experience tend to have, I shudder to imagine the heights of megalomania such a turn of events would inspire them to!  I would like to suggest that, rather than music, it is the mind itself that is the ultimate trip. If one day all our reserves of drugs are over, we may turn to music, the arts, spiritualiy or even religion to fill that void. But ultimately, none of these inputs mean anything without the context of our human minds and brains. It is a fairly well known fact, I think, that the effects of any drug, even the stronger psychedelics, depend as much on 'set' and 'setting' as it does on the actual chemical interactions between the substance and the human organism. But this is getting too close to the whole debate we all recently had. Enough said.  Regarding your views on SF, I would just like to assure you that the genre is a lot broader than you seem to assume. Good old-fashioned science-driven space opera may still hold the spotlight, but the genre is far wider than that. There is room in it for such luminaries as George Orwell, Aldous Huxley and Franz Kafka as well as the more obvious Asimovs and Clarkes. The hard-sf Stephen Baxters and Greg Bears are balanced out by the romantics like Ursula K LeGuin or Cordwainer Smith. All of them in turn are balanced out by sly, revolutionary potboilers like Ken MacLeod. And so on.   Ultimately, SF is far more than extrapolations of scientific specuation - it is an attempt to envisage and understand the limitless range of possible worlds this universe contains. Fantasy adds to the fun by extending the range to totally impossible worlds. Horror makes it all seems a very dangerous place. Literature, ancient or modern, captures the same sense of wonder or terror without resorting to obvious stage-dressing in the form of interstellar space or some fantastic world. Mainstream fiction offers me none of this. Well that's enough preaching for now, I think. TIme for work...