         'Science Fiction' is yet to really fascinate me; I find myself biding time over the few such books on my shelf, and am probably content with the thought that they will never get old to read, even much, much later.  The ideas and fantastic creations available in this genre do interest me, almost like new-age gloss-illustrated comic book magazines: fun to read, nothing more. I admit that most concepts and suppositions in these contexts are far beyond me; that they are works of fiction, envisioning the great beyond/exploring the frontiers of humanity (where even 'humanity' turns a subordinate term), does arouse admiration in my mind, but I do not find the sense of reality that (this is an absurd comment to make here, but the point is I find that) makes reading a true pleasure*. While my reading has so far been through only most popular works, I have assured myself that this lifetime is far too incomplete without such understanding; I continue to hoard books, and the intention to actually read them all, sometime.  (*try poetry)  Nonetheless, even lesser mortals are entitled to musing about the future, and this little thought makes me smile a lot: ever wondered about a stage in time when all the 'substance' in the world is spent? With humans constantly craving for the elusive perpetual high, 'clean flight', in turn exploring newer alternatives (all of which are actually old, getting continually revived) just for intoxication. There must arise a situation where people get back to the realisation that music provides the greatest 'kick' or 'high'.  Then we could have little coin-booths on street corners, where 'junkys' can dial-up to listen to some select strain/song/chord, for the sake of sliding down helpless, sedated, in intolerable pleasure. Peddlers would have to pick up musical instruments to push their wares; solo artists can grow little underground gangs, the big bands takeover as 'drug' lords; music coursing through the veins in everybody. Wouldn't we all be so much happier then?