         I finished Wright's The Golden Age this week. It was as good as all the raving blurbs promised, for once. It's the sort of SF that's willing to be bigger than the genre itself, that's not ashamed to pack in references and devices that may seem to belong to a more 'highbrow' literary circle. The ideas are many, and immense. Where this book scored over Kingsbury's Psychohistorical Crisis, another recent SF read of immense scope, was in its greater cohesiveness in theme. The prose is elegant, sometimes beautiful, with just a touch of the classic to it. Classic, but not old-fashioned is the best I can describe it as. The pacing is good, the characterisation subtle and convincing. For instance, the character of Phaethon's wife seemed oddly incomplete to me at first - and sure enough, it was soon revealed that the lady was not Phaethon's wife at all but an imperfect copy. I'm genuinely looking forward to the sequel, The Phoenix Rising.  I'm also plodding through one of Norman's Gor novels. It really isn't as sexually explicit as I'd feared, but neither is the raw pulp kick of the actual story as satisfying as I'd hoped. I just feel lukewarm about the whole thing.  Another ongoing read is LE Modessit Jr's The Order War. Moddessit is probably one of the few really interesting and different fantasy authors I've read - his books, at least the Recluce sequence, are about the struggle between Chaos and Order rather than the usual war between Good and Evil. The solution his heroes seem to be inching towards is a state of balance rather than victory for either side. This alone places him head and shoulders above the simplistic moral struggles that most fantasy seems to focus on. Another interesting feature of the series is that the main protagonists seem to be as much scientists as they are sorcerers. There's as much engineering as there is magic in these books. Also, the machinations of the warring parties are more by way of subtle strategy and strong tactics rather than the endless intrigue and counter-intrigue you would find in a Robert Jordan. I need to express that last point a bit better, but I think I'll leave it as it is for now.  Lastly, I'm reading Brian Well's book on Psychedelic Drugs. An account written by a British academic during the late 60s, it is the most balanced book on the topic I've read in while. Which is to say, Wells has no axe to grind either pro or con. Although, by and large, he is far more positive about the psychedelics than I tend to be. Which is also a good thing, I guess.   I've also started out on Ken MacLeod's Dark Light. As of now, I'm in no position to make any sort of objective assessment - I'm just thrilled to be back in the hands of one of my favourite storytellers! Nearly a year back, MacLeod was the writer who re-awakened my love for SF. Anything I say about his books is going to be influenced by that fact, for a while to come. Try him out, if you haven't already done so and you'll see why.