         To what extent is music really an enduring form that can transcend times and trends?  Recordings of artists at the very edge of the modern era of sound technology often sound quaint and obscure to us - and not just because of the sound quality. I have come across people who ordinarily like blues music but have found it exceedingly hard to relate the sound they think of as 'the blues' to those old Albert Johnson recordings. So many of his songs are so familiar to us in souped-up citified modernised versions, it's hard for some to step back to the way the original performance sounded.   Similarly, when the first Nativity In Black compilation was released, it had an opposite effect to what may have been intended, for many listeners. People who had never heard Sabbath before and picked up their albums after hearing this tribute, done by more modern, fast and heavy bands like Megadeth, Sepultura and the likes, often expressed a dissapointment with the originals - they were just too SLOW.  And what about western classical music? Sure, we have musical scores, which are supposed to be an inalterable record of how the music is meant to sound. Yet, even the most rigid score leaves room for subtle or not-so-subtle shades of interpretation. Without even recordings of the sort of performance preferred by the original composers, how can we be sure our modern-day classical interpreters are in fact giving us the straight groove, the way those old cats in their odd jackets laid it down?  Again, the music of just a decade back can already sound very dated and awkward, in every genre of popular music. What seemed like a slick new sound can very rapidly change into an awkward anachronsim, like all those '80 albums by '70s artists with their embarassing big-tom, studio-polished sound. Roger Waters' 'Radio KAOS' is a case in point.  So if the way the same notes are played can differ, or if  the way the same artist sounds can change so radically, what exactly is eternal or timeless about any of this?