         This is just sheer genius, that's all.   I have this anthology of poems in translation called Poem Into Poem. The collection is based on the premise that translating a poem is, because of the unique way in which poetry manipulates langauge, virtually impossible. What a good translation achieves is the creation of a secondary poem that is more or less connected to the original and may or may not serve as a bridge to the original, since it can be a valid, independant work of art on its own. The anthology includes translations of poets from Sappho to Baudelaire by a variety of English-language poets. The poems in the collection amply justify the compilers thesis.  What the Manic Street Preachers have achieved with their cover of Nirvana's 'Been A Son' is something very similar. The original song, a jagged lament about a wayward girl (yes I know there are enough of those already, but what the hell?) is an aggressive/droning punk inspired slab of typical 90s rock - the stuff the critics call grunge. You can hear it most easily on the Nirvana b-sides collection, Incesticide.  The Manix approach to this song is totally unexpected. The overdriven guitar, the pounding bass and the kinetic drums are gone, replaced by an acoustic slide guitar and slight percussion. What seemed to be indelibly, unalterably grungy punk music has been transformed into a chilled out groove that sounds a lot like folk blues.   This might seem like an absurd, unlikely reconstruction of the Nirvana original - in fact, it flows clean, clear and compelling out of the speakers as possibly the best tribute to Nirvana I've ever heard. By stripping away the musical trappings and recreating the song in an entirely new setting, the Manix have actually underlined one aspect of Kurt Cobain that people tend to overlook - he was a really good songwriter, all said and done and been and gone.   You can hear the Manix version of 'Been A Son' on Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the Manic Street Preachers, the recently released collection of b-sides and rarities. For the sake of comparison, try and locate their cover of Nirvana's 'Pennyroyal Tea' as well - I once found it somewhere on the 'net but cannot recall exactly where right now.