         Whatever slight powers of allurement I posess kind of kicked in on the weekend, largely to my chagrin. The sad thing is, animal magnetism seems to swing both ways, even if the animal in question doesn't.  On Saturday, I was loitering at a streetside book stall down MG Road when this short, wannabe-Bong-intellectual looking chap sidles up to me and says 'Excuse me...are you a model?' Cheese personified. I've heard that line used on girls so many times. Does the man think people actually fall for this stuff? Or maybe the IQ of the average homo is just that much lower. Anyway, I  brusquely replied in the negative and made an exit, post-haste. Pity, because I'd been thumbing through a rather interesting volume on Dali.  On Sunday, I was entering one of my standard coffee consuming and time wasting locations when a silver-haired, distinguished looking gent in a kurta pops up in front of me and asks 'Excuse me...are you from Bangalore?' I replied that I was and carried on up the stairs to the loo. As I took a turn in the steps, I glanced back for no real reason and noticed he was still looking at me. Putting this out of my mind, I entered the loo, chose a receptacle, unzipped and assumed the urinary stance when suddenly the gent sidles up into the stall next to mine. This was a bit creepy for me. I quickly shoved my bits back in, zipped up and skedaddled. Can't a lad even take a piss in peace these days? I ask you.  Well all this gaydom had had a very negative effect on my morale. A sad and shattered man, I dragged my loathsome carcass down to a music store. Where I chanced upon a girl handing out leaflets about some free offer. She had the most lovely eyes I've seen in a while and a nice smile too. I didn't pay too much attention to her spiel, just gazed deep into her light brown eyes, hopefully giving her the full force of my dark brown eyes at the same time. After a few minutes she blinked and we disengaged. Later, while I was leaving the store, she just happened to waft across my field of vision, giving me a rather warm smile. As I left, I looked back to see she was looking back to see if I was looking back to see if she was looking at me...  Life is just a slow train, crawling up a hill.