         " Life would be much simpler if there were not so many rules. I imagine I have broken every rule of English grammar several thousand times and being at heart a purist, I should be desolated if I was aware of it, but as I do not know a single one of these rules, I am saved much mental anguish. "    " When I first started in to write, I was sort of ashamed of it as an occupation for a big, strong, healthy man, so I kept it a secret. No one helped me. No one knew what I was doing -- not even my closest friends. Now I've come to the conclusion that writing is a 'pretty nice' way to make a living. "   " There is a vast difference between seeing life and living life. I believe I have done the latter. In fact I don't think I could have written much if I hadn't. (ERB had served in the US Cavalry in Arizona, been a gold miner in Oregon, a policeman in Salt Lake City, a cowboy in Idaho...) [But]...It is necessary for nearly all of us to acquire part of our 'experience' second hand. Yet this should never be permitted to overshadow the greater art of imagination. "   " Get the habit of work and quit being an "inspirational" author -- which is merely another name for a loafer. Don't wait for ideas to come. Go after them. Don't write every now and then. Write every day, if only for a little while. Be a worker, not a poseur. The only real "literary people" are those who work at it. Those who make good are the ones who keep so busy that they have no time to show off. "   " (Tarzan) was just a character that happened to catch the public's fancy; interest in him grew until it astonished me. As a boy I love the story of Romulus and Remus, who founded Rome, and I love, too, the boy Mowgli in Kipling's "Jungle Books." I suppose Tarzan was the result of those early loves. Perhaps the fact that I lived in Chicago and yet hated cities and crowds of people made me sense, my escape from unpleasant reality. Perhaps that is the reason for his success with modern readers. Maybe he takes them, too, away from humdrum reality. Mrs. Burroughs calls me a low-brow. I guess I am, but then so are the most of us, aren't we? Perhaps that is another reason why Tarzan appeals to the mass of people rather than to a select few. "   " I find that a considerable part of my work in writing fiction has nothing whatsoever to do with fiction. It is based upon the belief that highly imaginative fiction, such as I write, demands the retention of a youthful and elastic mind, to achieve which one of my principal aims in life is to keep my body physically fit and my mind responsive to a diversity of simple stimuli. "   " If you've written a good story, don't lose faith in it if it does not sell -- but first be positive that it really is a good story.... Even now, I often have a difficult time finding publishers for my latest books. I get lots of rejections. "   " For me, temperance is essential to good work. Simple amusements are the most desirable, and so far I have successfully avoided the acquisition of any sort of a hobby. My own observation leads me to believe that a single hobby is too narrowing an influence for a fiction writer and I should rather suggest the greater value of an interest in many things. I find that it is better to have a little knowledge of many things than an expert knowledge of one... "   " If you write one story, it may be bad; if you write a hundred, you have the odds in your favor. Play the long shots. It's better, of course, to write one good script than a hundred poor ones, but usually you must write a hundred poor ones before you can do one good one. "