         (Midnight in the Osbourne Mansion. A phone rings.  Ozzy  picks it up)  Ozzy:  Hello?  Jerry Cantrell:  Ozzy, it's me, Jerry.  Ozzy:  Jerry!? Do you know what time it is?  Jerry Cantrell:  I'm in Seattle, Ozzy. It's always dark. It's always raining. I think it's gonna rain when I die...  Ozzy:  You should talk. I'm from Birmingham, y'know. Well, chin up, Jerry. Repeat after me: 'I am Iron Man'.  Jerry Cantrell:  'I am Iron...' fuck, haven't I already done this somewhere? Look Ozzy, I'm calling you 'cause I need a bassist.  Ozzy:  Again? What happened to the last one I Gave you, you twit?  Jerry Cantrell:  Don't degrade me, Ozzy. I can do that myself...  Ozzy:  Oh yeah, I forgot. You're grunge. So what happened to Mike?  Jerry Cantrell:  Inez? Well, he went and played with Slash and now I can't look him in the eye...  Ozzy:  You kids today. Tony and Geezer went and played with Ronnie Dio, and even they can't look him in the eye. No one can, except a few hobbits. Well okay, how about Rob?  Jerry Cantrell:  Trujillo? But he has dreadlocks!  Ozzy:  Don't worry, they're not contagious.  Jerry Cantrell:  If you say so. But tell him, no slap-pop on my songs.   Ozzy:  What you really need is Geezer but I'm waiting until you use up all your other options. Okay, I'll tell Rob no slap-pop. Will there be anything else?  Jerry Cantrell:  Well, I'm short a drummer...  Ozzy:  Really? Oh, I suppose you can borrow Puffy as well.  Jerry Cantrell:  Puffy Coumbs?  Ozzy:  No, Puffy Bordin. And you better be grateful!  Jerry Cantrell:  'Scuse the 'tude, but I haven't eaten in days...  Ozzy:  Is that a fact?  Jerry Cantrell:  ...and my eyes are turning grey. Well, bye Ozzy. Thanks for everything!  Ozzy:  G'bye. (He hangs up and lapses into an incoherent stupor. Phone rings again. He picks it up...no rest for the wicked, you see)  Ozzy:  Hello, Ozzy here.  James Hetfield:  Ozzy, it's me James. I need a new bassist!  Ozzy:  You, too?  James Hetfield:  U2 needs a new bassist? What do I care? I'm a Metallicat!  Ozzy:  Ah, never mind. What happened? Another little 'accident' with the touring bus?  James Hetfield:  No, no. Jason said he couldn't handle the pressure of being in Metallica anymore.  Ozzy:  What a load of crap!  James Hetfield:  Funny, that's exactly what he said, too...  Ozzy:  Well, how about Mike?  James Hetfield:  Inez? Well he went and played with Slash...  Ozzy:  Here we go again. What about Rob?  James Hetfield:  Trujillo? But he has dreadlocks!  Ozzy:  Don't worry, they're not contagious.  James Hetfield:  If you say so. But tell him, no slap-pop on my songs!  Ozzy:  What you really need is Lemmy, but I'm waiting until you use up all your other options. Well, I just lent Rob to jerry Cantrell, so you'll have to wait a bit...  James Hetfield:  No problem. We've got Bob Rock to play bass on the album.  Ozzy:  Bob Rock? Didn't he used to be a professional wretler...or a drag queen...or something?  James Hetfield:  Somethung like that. Well, thanks Ozzy.  Ozzy:  Anytime. Bye. (He hangs up. Stares vacantly into oblivion. Suddenly, a look of confusion spreads across his cretinous features like an oil spill creeping across a mud puddle.) Bloody hell! Who'llplay bass for me now?( He picks up the phone and dials frantically.)  Ozzy:  Hello, Jason...?