           Prophecykeepers  is 'The ONLY Indian / Tribal / Aboriginal / Island Native Prophecy website owned and operated by legally recognized Native American Indians, founded in 1996'.   The vision of one Wallace "Mad Bear" Anderson, Founder of something called the American Indian Unity Movement , it offers comparisons of prophecies from a variety of cultures/religions/countries and offers you 'prophecy messages that will run through your heart like a Buffalo'.   Basically, they believe that 'It is a metter (sic) of history that all the problems of Christians, Jews and Muslims started in one small family, the household of Abraham, several thousand years ago'. And that there are 'simple solutions and answers for you'. They run through a bit of William yeats, and then say that these answers can be found in Hopi and Christian sacred texts.    9/11, Mother Teresa, Utopia (but not for tax-dodgers)   The benefit of accepting their vision? 'You will learn of the ingredients that are missing in a "Tribal/All things common" way of life which assure you divine protection -- even from Nuclear explosions. ' Hmmm. And they say that 9/11 (yes, I was waiting for them to bring that up), which by the way, was predicted by Mother Teresa on her deathbed, was only the first act of terrorism against the US. More will come.   Despite its apparently inclusive aims, the site rapidly shows a distinct bias: 'If you are a Christian, you must expect tribulation. The scriptures say of God that “He Chastens Whom He Loves.” Jesus said, "I did not come to bring peace, but a sword.". So we see now that He came to cause the divisions we see today in order to test us all thoroughly. '  Oh, they have a Utopian model of the perfect society, too, called "All Things Common". 'In this sacred economic plan, you will be no richer than your neighbors. In antiquity, this plan has been used to amass great fortunes and security for its participants.'   Rest assured, though, '"All things common" is not a plan for income tax rebels. Christ instructed all his followers to render unto Caesar what is Caesar's, but allowed you to find coins in the mouths of fishes to pay your taxes.' Oh right, they are 'legally recognised Native American Indians', I forgot.  They have several free pdfs for you to download to learn more, if you so desire and free e-courses too. I haven't been able to find an appeal for funds anywhere though - maybe the touch happens only once you actually get in with them? I think I'll register for one of those e-courses and see.   Small SF connection, and a multitude of Gayles:    'Mad Bear also prophesied the eventual flooding of the Salt Lake Valley on his way to the "Gathering of Nations" in South Jordan, Utah back in the early 1970s. This prophecy was corroborated by a vision given to Rolling Thunder, and, some years later by a Mormon woman in "Gayle's Story," (and reportedly by hundreds of other people) and awaits fulfillment.   The famous sci-fi writer Orson Scott Card even suggested this eventual flooding in his book "The Folk of the Fringe."  '  It's not that coincidental, though. I do know that Card is himself a Mormon, and could have had access to 'Gayle's Story', whatever that may be. I've not been able to find it anywhere, though I have found stories by 'Gayles' who have given up smoking, whose daughters were brutally murdered in 1980 and who had two abortions and are not sorry about it. Hmmm...     To be continued...