         Still in the scene-setting stages. At least, this is all I've typed in yet. The scribbles have progressed far beyond. I hope to finish the whole thing over the weekend.  In the meantime, here's another taste:  -----------------------------------------------------------------------  In his deepest soliloquies of self doubt, President Lee had to admit to himself this was indeed what his annoying, unstoppably gnawing adversary made him feel like - a huge, annoyed tusker swatting futilely at the most minuscule of gadflies. No matter what he did, the enemy always regrouped, rebuilt, resurrected and came back at him from the most unexpected direction. It was a worldwide game of cat and mouse and he was heartily sick of it all, heartsick of all this tomfooling around.   'What do I do?' he asked no one in particular, on a warm afternoon in one of his many Presidential Palaces, gazing down at gazing down at an ancient river, cradle of civilizations bygone. 'What can I do? How do I place my Godlike thumb' - here holding his right thumb out in front of him, 'on the exact spot' - suiting action to word, he pressed the pad of his thumb onto a sensor imbedded in the gleaming, ebon balcony rail - 'the exact spot, and exert exactly the right pressure,' - here rubbing his thumb into the sensor like an ancient convict providing his jailors with a fingerprint impression - 'to crush this nuisance forever?' By the end of this speech, his voice had taken on a petulant tone and his lower lip was outcast sulkily. Simultaneously, his thumb signal was processed by the Palatial Mind and his pet AI and most trusted advisor, the Phantom MacAevel materialized by his side, not a projection but a subtle re-arrangement of atmospheric molecules to reflect light in a manner calibrated to provide the verisimilitude of a somber, earnest courtier and scholar from long-ago Fiorenza.   MacAevel made his customary formal obeisance then spoke to the President in a mellow, modulated voice, generated by a Databank miles below the Palace and relayed to multi-directional surround speakers hidden in the decorative moulding that encrusted the surfaces around them. Beauty with a purpose, indeed.   'And how may I serve you on this dream-warm afternoon, most venerable Prince?' the Phantom asked.   -----------------------------------------------------------------    To Be continued....