          The Junk Virus William Burroughs, addiction and freedom   William S. Burroughs’ literary career began with the novel Junky, an autobiographical account of his experiences as a drug addict. Arguably one of the finest literary chronicles of the drug (specifically Heroin) sub-culture, it can be read as a picaresque narrative in the De Quincey tradition.   However, certain statements hint at a deeper understanding.   Burroughs’ fascination with narcotic drugs extended far beyond his period of active addiction and a clue as to why can be found in this oft-quoted passage from Junky - 'Junk is the ideal product . . . the ultimate merchandise. No sales talk necessary. The client will crawl through a sewer and beg to buy. . . . The junk merchant does not sell his product to the consumer, he sells the consumer to the product. He does not improve and simplify his merchandise. He degrades and simplifies his client.’ (Interestingly, one of the various places this quotation has surfaced is in the inlay card of the Manic Street Preachers’ debut album, Generation Terrorists.)  Some critics question Burroughs’ merit, describing Junky and his subsequent works as disjointed ramblings that portray a narcotic-fuelled, homoerotic utopia of hedonistic license.  In fact, Burroughs’ overriding concern, and the subject matter of the bulk of his work, was freedom.   Not just freedom in the limited ways various reactionaries have defined it - freedom of sexual preference, freedom to pursue alternate lifestyles, or even freedom of expression. Burroughs was aware of and passionately committed to the need for all these, but it was a far larger unshackling he proposed – a liberation from all authority, all limitations. He envisioned humanity breaking away from the tethers and reins imposed by government and society, but also from the limits and controls that derive from language, logic, belief, gravity, time, space, the human body itself.  Someone who is so concerned with freedom must, in accordance with the dictum which states ‘know your enemy’, also concern himself with fathoming freedom’s opposite: control.  And what is addiction, after all, but a form of control, an abdication of the individual’s freedom to what Burroughs called, in a later novel, Naked Lunch, ‘the Algebra of need’?  "Addicts are as boring a bunch of people as I ever encountered. They've got this one track mind," Burroughs once said. However, "My experience as an addict was very useful to me as writer: the whole syndrome of addiction and withdrawal and the extensions of that and other forms of addiction."  Burroughs’ experiences as an addict lead to the realization that all human beings are slaves to some form of addiction, subject to some variety of control. Even the body is a trap, leveraged by control maniacs who use its needs to manipulate people into abetting their lust for power. Power itself is a driving addiction, ultimately dehumanizing in all its forms.  Burroughs saw around him a society dominated by predator-victim relationships that could be described in terms of ‘pushers’ and ‘junkies’. To see what this means, let’s find out how it would apply to, say, the music industry. Go back to the passage from Junky quoted earlier; replace ‘junk’ with ‘pop’ and appropriate variations throughout. It might require a bit of a mental stretch at first, but presently, it all falls into place. Of course there are apparent gaps; the commercial music industry thrives on promotion, on the hype machine. Another form of control, another addiction. The record company execs are as much slaves to their need for the big sales, and the stratagems they have to employ to achieve that fiscal fix, as the pop fans are addicts to the vapid bubblegum being forced into their helpless heads.   "The face of evil' is always the face of total need. . . . In the words of total need: 'Wouldn't you?' Yes you would. You would lie, cheat, inform on your friends, steal, do anything to satisfy total need. Because you would be in a state of total sickness, total possession, and not in a position to act in any other way" says Burroughs, elsewhere in Naked Lunch. The myriad institutions built on this cannibalistic principle are also viruses, addictions that overwhelm a healthy social body and coerce it into fulfilling the needs of a vampiric, leeching parasite.   It was this realization of the innumerable factors that rein and tether us, whether external or self-inflicted, that drove Burroughs to push for greater freedom by deconstructing and reconstructing every aspect of the great world prison that he could.   From a hard-boiled reporter of the seamy side of life he moved on to become an abstract, representational, free flowing, formalist spewer of counter-virus. From a mere writer, a teller of tales, he became a mythologizer for a new world, a shooter of wood, a creator of collage, a rock n’ roll instigator, a cinematic collaborator, an endlessly referential utterly original cutter and paster. Like no one else, William Burroughs cross-fertilized with every form of expression he came into contact with.   He was so much more than just a Master Junky, a Guru of Heroin Chic, a Queer Homer or even a Beat Writer. He was a true champion of freedom, inviting us to see the bars of the prison for the first time, and make a break for ultimate liberation.   Ironically, Burroughs never did fully recover from his addiction, and, when he died in 1997, he was still dependant on the synthetic opiate, methadone, a substance used in heroin de-addiction treatments.  And yes, he did shoot his wife Joan Vollmer dead, in a badly misconceived William Tell-style stunt. I’m not trying to canonize the man, just underline his contribution to modern thought.