         I've just finished reading Ken MacLeod's Dark Light, the second book in his 'Engines of Light' sequence. Once again, I'm amazed at how MacLeod manages to combine hard-sf, gadget-spec and Stapledonian sweep with a savvy, potboiling pace, incredible amounts of sheer wise-ass humour and a rather loaded political agenda to boot.   The Engines sequence takes several X-Files style modern-mythology elements as its starting point - specifically, alien abductions, Area 51 and alien Grays. Here's the capsule version - composite entities, consisting of untold billions of immensely tiny consciousness, packed into the space of an asteroid, have become as gods by virtue of the sheer number of intellects they include in their collective consciousness. These 'gods' have rescued specimens of various intelligent species that have developed on Earth - squidlike Krakens, humanoid Saurs (the alien Grays) and good old homo sap. These abductees, filched from the home world at various points, have been used to populate a zone halfway across the Milky Way, known as the Second Sphere. The only way Earth life ever got there was by being abducted by the gods, and later by Saurs (possibly acting as their agents). Until, sometime in the 21st century, a group of renegade scientists and others, the crew of an orbital science center are given the secret to FTL travel. They jump though space, expecting to make it to the other end of the solar system and escape political enemies from Earth. Instead, they find themselves in the Second Sphere. Somehow, they loose the concept of FTL travel. On one planet, Mingulay, Gregor Cairns, descendant of a cosmonaut, figures out the calculations required to make FTL travel possible, locates his ancestor, Matt Cairns who helps him put his ideas into action, jumping to the nearby planet of Croatan.   In Dark Light, various machinations culminate in the Cairns' and assorted allies and enemies interrogating two more 'gods' and finding out more about why the Second Sphere exists. It turns out that the 'gods', or one faction among them, is mainly concerned with preventing intelligent life from reaching a state of nuisance value. To deal with this, they have set up reserves of life in the Second Sphere to battle any civilizations that seem to be getting annoying.  This revelation coincides with extreme upheaval (a revolution on Croatan, in fact, started by another cosmonaut, one of the last living members of the old Communist Party!) and will no doubt spark off even more of the same. That of course is left for the third volume, Engine City to tell.  Once again, the book is packed with sly little jokes and references, from the chapter titles (The Gods Ourselves,  Vaster Than Intellects And More Cool) to some incredibly clever MacLeod moments. Two in particular stand out - in one, the civilized 'Christians' are trying to see if the heathens can, using certain hot-air balloon technology they have, make space suits for them. Aware that they are dealing with relative savages, they explain what they need in simple terms. The heathens recall that, long ago, they built such garments for another species - one heathen asks the other what these garments would be called in the Christian language. 'Space Suits.' comes the reply 'Yes', says the other.'Would that be close enough to what you want?'  The other one depicts the Saur, Salasso reading some old alien-abduction paranoia book from the bad old 20th century, possibly Whitley Strieber's Communion from the description. The similarity between the alien Grey and Salasso makes it seems as if the Saur is reading a book with a picture of himself on the cover. There is something deeply amusing and compelling about the image.  The book also raises a lot of serious philosophical, political and even theological questions, and has its share of kickass action (mostly of the street-fighting variety with an icing of aerial combat) and oddly un-kinky sex between Stone the man-woman (Ken MacLeod's most compelling character yet) and Gail the honorary woman-man.   This book scored very well with me. MacLeod is one author who is able to amuse, bemuse, bewilder, and enlighten, all in one tasty package. Gnostic potboilers, Jeremy Smith calls 'em and that is as good a description as any. Go get them, pronto!