         Getting to Hassan was quite an ordeal.   I reached the bus stand by 6.30. There already was a Hassan bus there, but it was packed. And so was the next one I found. Once they'd both left, another Hassan bus was spotted pulling in to the platform. As one, the whole crowd around me ran to the bus, hurlisng themselves into it even as it pulled in to its parking spot. It was a total stampede with no respect for age, sex or basic humanity. DIsgusted, I viciously shouldered my was out of the melee, purposely knocking a couple of the 'people' off their balance. No one bothered to react. Once th erush was over and th ebus was stopped, I climbed in to see if there was a vacant seat, by any chance. There were, but the people on the adjoining seats claimed they were saving them for someone. Fed up, I stalked to the front of the bus, next to the driver's place, looked around at everyone and spat on the floor, muttering 'bastards'. Lots of people saw me, no one cared. Why should they? They'd got what they wanted, and it wasn't as if they had any self-respect to be hurt.  Finally, by 7.30 I found a bus with only standing room, and took it out of desperation. Once inside, I found myself pressed on all sides by other standers who seemed to consider it their divine duty to take up as much space as possible. At the end of my tether, i made a fist, gritted my teeth and threw a random punch. It made contact with one man's eye. Here's the odd part - he felt the pain, he spent a few minutes wincing and rubbing his eyes, but he didn't bother looking around to see how it had happened. These 'people' seem to exist in some sort of state of terminal apathy. I'm sure it would make no difference to anyone, least of all them, if someone were to kill one of them. This must be how serial killers are made - not as a result of trauma or pain or anything, but just by realising how cheaply people at large hold their lives and those around them. It's so easy to just end a few - wouldn't you?  Enough of that.