         I've been noticing how my various bosses over the years have dealt with me, each in their own unique way. The first one quickly set himself up as a mentor, spending long hours giving me in-dept lectures on various conceptual issues related to the business we were in(this was an ad agency). He used to make me take notes and rate my progress on a quarterly basis. It was a bit suffocating at times, but also very exhilirating because I really was learning a lot. Of course, it meant I'd have to spend that much more time balancing following up on our learning sessions and turning in work that lived up to my 'intrinsic ability' and reflected the added gyaan he was giving me. My next boss followed the Socratic method. Whatever I showed him (this was an ad agency, too), he'd wrinkle his nose, mumble 'fruitcake' and then require me to do it all over again. He'd keep trashing my work and then around 11.00 PM, by which time I'd given up all hope, he'd say 'Okay,you can go home now. But you have to finish this job by tomorrow.' Pause. 'One way or the other.' So I'd go home, tormented tired and frustrated. Smoke a spliff, listen to some Tool or Tea Party and crash out. The next morning, realising the damn job still had to be done, I'd randomly scribble stuff in my notepad on the way to work and hurl it in his face. He'd look at it with an oddly sentimental expression on his face for about half a minute and then say, 'Right. Make it so.' I'm not kidding, he actually used to say that. He was a big Star Trek fan, the only reason why I forgave him for also being a Bee Gees maniac. The odd thing is, this pattern happened for EVERY SINGLE job he gave me. The results were amazing, but the emotional stress was just too much. My current boss (this one is a web design company)seems to revel in heaping an entire brief on me, saying 'I want you to be the point man on this project,' and then occasionally sticking his head into my cubicle to grin and remind me of all the upcoming deadlines and, oh, by the way, here's a new project. Then he sticks around for a while explaining how he sees me functioning in the larger strategic scheme of things and encouraging me to interact more with the client and basically try and read their minds while I'm at it. I guess it's their job to be bossy, all these fine gents, but I can't help but wonder if perhaps I'm being singled out by all these people for particulalry mind-warping treatment.