         hey dude, using an actual post to ramble 'cos the shout outs don't exist no more. this one's in response to your post from yesterday "this blasted earth". you rightly mentioned the iresponsiblity of the media, especially that masala-wallah rag. and like you mentioned, many people are already blaming the muslim community (might as well say it), but they don't realise is that this is actually what the bombers want us to do. but i feel rather than look upon the bombers as muslims, i think we'll make better progress if we think of them as anti-india. they just happen to be muslims (sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Pakistan). and by making a connection between ayodhya (which sadly has polarised muslims and hindus) and the bombings (which like i said is indians vs. anti-india(ns)) we're playing straight into the hands of those who would not like to see any kind of peace in this country. whoever carried out the attack knew we'd knee-jerk and ask questions like: who's to gain from the bombings?—answer saffron hardliners and thus trigger off another round of fresh antagonism and hate, to put it mildly. what happens when we ask a question like that is we bring the "saffron hardliners" into the equation and you can surely trust them to take it from there on. as an indian, the questions i'd rather be asking is "who are the losers?" and the answer is us—as a people, as a country, you and me. an even more pertinent question to ask would be "what are we losing because of all these attacks on our country?" the answer is simple, peace and harmony. and not least because of our extremely myopic reactive attitudes. i may be sounding like one of those pseudo-secularists but it's just me. leaving apart ayodhya, which has so clearly become a religious issue, let's look at the bombings not as a hindu, muslim, christian, congressman or a bjp member. let's instead look at it as indians. and what we can do to stop this from happening again. sadly, our politicians need such kind of shit to keep them in the picture and to see themselves on the front page...so it's going to be a long time, i guess, before an indian (not a politician) sits and thinks out a way.