         jazz stars linked to mental illness http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/3199035.stm  mental illness 'at the root of jazz' http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/1430337.stm  [bbc reports]  "Many of the great names in the jazz world had lives blighted by mental illness, abuse, and drugs, say researchers .."  "jazz music arose from the attempts of a cognitively impaired performer (Charles "Buddy" Bolden) to execute novel performances .."   [personal opinions]  (leaving aside the heart-wrenching issue of unexceptional reporting) i was .. umm, unnerved, and not-so disappointed as downright annoyed, by this story of purported psychiatric research ..  this brit shrink spent a lot of time studying the lives and careers of jazz musicians, and suggests that they shared a 'vulnerability to mental health problems as other creative types such as writers and artists' ..  analyzing jazz greats from (what he describes as) the "golden era" between 1945 and 1960, he has released his views linking the influence of substance, backgrounds of instability, and path-forming creative works.  while such stories have long ceased to present eye-opener perspectives (that's probably just for me) with 'researchers' delving into the behaviour and background of 'creative fore-runners' down the ages, i find newer research material getting a lot more involved in the subject with a sense of righteousness and concern that is deliberate, yet misplaced from the standpoint of research .. when will people learn to objectively focus on work? and assess achievements for their merit? social and cultural contexts must be understood to appreciate achievements better, but a line must be drawn at understanding personal history. that 'creative' folk are only human, faced with downright human issues and everyday anxieties, seems such a revelation to 'researchers' that they can devote all of THEIR WORK "unravelling" other lives seems disgustingly parasitic to me. the strength of 'creativity' (against 'destructiveness') works to make the best of what is still around (that sounds familiar) .. (the way i understand it) these 'creative' people combatted their personal issues in a manner that was uncommon, and by getting over and beyond limitations, they actually proved their 'greatness'. creative expression can be understood as an emotional release, as impassioned enthusiasm, and so much more (blast it! they've even gotten me to begin attempting defining it!!) .. but to understand creativity as 'substance-induced' is harshly incomplete. the influence has been striking in most cases - we have known that, but directly associating the two is horribly misleading .. not just for youngsters who might pick up habits for the sake of expression, but for the sake of accepting 'creative' people as humans, who might have faced (and overcome) uncommon situations in their lifetimes.   substance abuse cannot be acceptable. 'junkys' do exist in a 'reduced' sense. but them who did indulge in substance (if only to get over anxieties or even to 'escape') and were yet able to produce 'creative' work, must have attained a level that is so much more than that of just a junky.  there is no harm in people analysing lives with the objective of constructive learning. but once they adopt a mode of social admonition, the whole thing just gets skewed and imbalanced.  mister brit shrink here neutrally summarises that most 'creative' people faced mental health problems. if that doesn't sound fatally bigoted, the lord help children of humans interested in research.  there is no denying issues of violence or societal stigma in modern life .. and there is no stopping interested people from delving deeper into issues of 'creativity' .. a subject that continues to confound many. but can we not appreciate humans from a human perspective? accepting the will to endure and the power to express.  they are all human .. musicians, writers, artists .. all of them. and mental illness can affect all humans. that these 'greats' persevered, albeit with the help of substance, does makes them worthwhile study-material. but the focus is exaggeratedly enlarged.