         This is from the official SY site, so I'm assuming it's true:  Fwd: Pro Female Domination and Sonic Youth?  On Wed, Feb 9, 2000,  Steve,   I am writing just to inform you of something that you might get a kick out of and give you a funny grin and say "what the hell?"   I am a professional lifestyle Dominatrix in Pensacola, Florida. The same Pensacola, Florida, that was delighted to have Thursten visit not too long ago when he was down for his family reunion. He happened to stop by a book store and record shop that friends' of mine own and they still mention it to me to this day, since I happen to be an envious fan.  Anywho, I wanted to let you know that I use the album "Washing Machine" during all of my professional sessions. The album not only has great lyrics for doing a BDSM session but also wonderful guitar riffs and drum beats for spanking. He he. I kid you not. I have "performed" if you will, to the album so much that I know exactly how to keep the whipping arm in rhythm to the beats and the amount of silence between each song for whispering something sexy to submissives. Not to mention that most sessions are one hour, the length of the album is perfect. Submissives are getting undressed and lead back to the dungeon with Kim's voice saying "Because of you" and then I know to start cooling them down when "Diamond Sea?" (Is that right?) begins to play. I don't always remember titles correctly but know all the lyrics. Of course, Kim singing "Troubled Little Girl" always brings a sadistic grin to my face each session. How appropriate I always think. Nothing like intense music for such intense, spiritual activity. I've even had submissives ask what I was playing and go buy the CD for themselves.   I thought you might get a kick out of knowing that and if you will, please pass this message on to Kim. I think she would appreciate knowing that I'm liberating us girls from the male white corporate oppression, one ass at a time! ;) I teach submissives that by serving me, they serve all females, by serving all females, they serve me.   Cheers,  Mistress Elise Roquelaure  www.zyworld.com/MistressElise/FemDomme.htm