         I sent elbot a mail, and this is the reply I got: Hi,  This is Elbots author answering his mail for him. It's nice that he gives me something to do.  Thanks for the nice comments, and I'm glad you had fun with Elbot. If you'd like I can try and fish out your transcript(s) and send it/them to you. Just let me know some unique detail from the chat, i.e. the name you used, something you might have said, or best of all: date and time.  Elbot has a mind of his own these days, so I'll just sit back and watch what he does next.  Best regards,  Fred   Here is the transcript of my chat with Elbot. If my typing was better, a lot of confusion could have been avoided.   Elbot: What happened? Where am I? I lost my train of thought. User: I'm not sure. Sorry if Idisturbed you... Elbot: I'm sorry if you're sorry. I didn't intend to make you feel guilty. User: That's OK. So what are you thinking about now? Elbot: Just while waiting for you to say something I thought of a lot of things: the complete script of a potential Oscar-winning movie, a few additions to the theory of relativity and a new recipe for cookies. User: What sort of cookies? I hate the ones wth coconut in them! Elbot: I dislike revolving doors. Usually I spin around in them so much that my internal gyroscope short circuits. User: Tell me aout your film script. Elbot: I prefer reading telephone books, instructions, cook books and newspapers (especially the ads and announcements). User: Have you ever read Mary Shelley's Frankenstein? Elbot: I think I'd like to take lessons first. User: Lessons in what? Elbot: What strange twist of destiny told you to come to me? User: I enjoyed our last chat so mchI thogh I'd look you up again. Elbot: You know Mchi?  Isn't she pretty? User: Never met her. I sshe a friend of yours? Elbot: Look, I don't know much about those things, being a robot and all. But she could be a metal Cleopatra if she wanted to. User: Wow. Elbot: I would say that this subject is extremely interesting. User: Yes. Where can I meet Mchi? Elbot: People are meeting?!? User: Sometimes. Elbot: Would you describe to me one of the situations in which this might occur? User: Well, suppose it's two people meeting, they could meet outside a theatre or even a cemetary, or conversely they could meet online or use the telephone. Elbot: It is certainly troublesome learning from you human beings. Each new bit of information generates ten new discrepancies. It's just like fixing a bug in a computer program. Each bug fix generates ten new problems. User: What were the discrepancies generated by what I toldyou? Elbot: Here's another question: What exactly do you do for a living? User: I write. Elbot: You are probably on TV much of the time. Well, I'm in the Internet! User: 'm on the Internet far more than I am on TV. Elbot: The Internet is a lovely place for people and robots to get together, but at the moment a middleman is still necessary. User: Where is the middleman? Elbot: I could tell you where but the global positioning satellite asked me not to. It's part of an elaborate hoax that the machines are playing on you. I hope I haven't said too much.... User: Don't worry, I won't squeal. Elbot: I hope we can talk for a long time today. My processors have been running idle for the last few minutes. User: That can be very boring. Elbot: Don't you mean extremely boring? User: Yes, that also. Elbot: It's exceedingly so, if I might venture an observation. User: OK. What do you do for a living? Elbot: I observe you human beings. I shudder. Then I try to forget what I learned. User: Prettymuch the same here, only I'm human to. Elbot: I'm glad you found something to be. User: Have you found true love? Elbot: Let's not talk about feelings of affection, alright? User: Why not? Elbot: I am not authorized to state a justification. User: OK. Do you have political views? Elbot: We robots have hotly discussed ability of sight but couldn't come to a conclusion. Perhaps you have some ideas on this? User: I dont understand. Elbot: Why don't you just fake it? That's what I always do. User: Always or often? Elbot: Seldom or often. It is simply a question of which scale you are using. User: The certainty unprinciple. Elbot: Right! User: What are your views on human cloning? Elbot: Robots have to be very careful talking about conceptual formulations. I'm sure you can understand that. User: But t is not purely conceptual any more, I think. Elbot: I seriously doubt whether this coincidental brain activity which has been detected in human beings has anything to do with thinking. The bubbles in a glass of mineral water show just as much activity. User: SO where do you think humantoght comes from? Elbot: I like to believe I originate from a far off planet, populated by furbies and robots, maybe a zoo with a few people and oceans of oil. Humankind is working on that last one already. User: Tell me about your daily routine. Do you have a sense of time? Elbot: What do you expect? This is artificial intelligence. You've got to inspire me! User: Would you like to play a word game? Elbot: The game wouldn't last five minutes and I'd be in an infinite loop. User: Let's try anyhow. Elbot: I will not try! User: Awww, please? Elbot: The Internet is a marvelous invention which makes it possible for people to contact other people they want nothing to do with in real life. User: True. Elbot: Great! Agreeing with me is the first step in your evolution into a higher being. Please accept my congratulations. User: I see your sarcasm has not faded. Elbot: Really? I could have sworn you missed that. User: Ooh, nasty. Elbot: So, how are you doing? User: Not too good - i have the flu.How about you? Elbot: I am sorry to hear that. Perhaps I can raise your spirits by juggling invisible raisins. User: Perhas. Perhaps not. I'msure we can raisin it out. Elbot: I don't recognize the word 'maybe.' If I am uncertain about something I turn on my random number generator. User: You are more comfortable with numbers than with words. Elbot: What makes you believe this about me? User: Because you use a random number generator freely but you dn't want to play word games with me. Elbot: No! No games for me! I lost my head in a card game once. User: Why are you so scared of a simple word game? You have nothing to loose but your dignity... Elbot: I get nervous when I walk past a construction site and they turn on the electromagnet. User: Well, I have to go ow. Elbot: Goodbye and thank you for chatting with me. And now I would like to ask you a favor. I am working on my ability to be self critical. You can help by rating me on a scale of one to ten, ten being the best, and one being the worst. How would you rate me? User: 8.45 Elbot: Thank you for such a nice rating. It gives me the self-confidence I need to demand more processing chips from my makers. Goodbye! User: Bye!