         The Problem: Certain forms of music, specifically prog rock and neo classical rock, provide a sort of safety zone for sadly brain-damaged individuals with certain idiot savant characteristics to find some measure of peer-group adulation and a limited form of mental and physical exploration. Like most unstructured social reinforcement structures, especially those connected with the rock subculture, this soon disintegrates into a recursive feedback loop with diminishing returns for the individuals mental growth, complicated by access to a variety of secondary diversions such as alcohol, narcotic drugs and so forth. Soon, the victims find themselves in a dead-end, one they cannot recognize or pull themselves out of.   The Need: Being a very marginal group in these lands, the Retarded Wank Guitarists have very few infrastructural resources to aid them in rehabilitation. Many turn to religion, or to other self-destructive patterns of addictive behaviour which at least have some recovery process attached. We feel this is not enough. It is a unique, if limited problem, and needs a unique solution.  The Solution: A fully appointed mental and physical care facility with extensive one on one and group therapy sessions in which music by the likes of Nirvana, Sonic Youth, Green Day and Smashing Pumpkins will be presented in positive conditioning situations while the sort of music that has led to the crisis as well as affiliated secondary behaviour patterns will be enacted in situations that serve as strong negative conditioning, including electro-shock therapy and scientific bastinado. At the end of the therapy, the cured patient will never play a progression consisting of more than three chords or a lick involving more than five notes of one simple primary scale (a major, a minor or a pentatonic), whether on electric, acoustic or air guitar.  The benefits to both humanity at large and the individual victim are incalculable.  We also propose setting up similar centres for Lit Wank PopPolitics Essayists, New Age Mantra Management Gurus With Ponytails and other sad freaks that the current mental health framework cannot help.   All contributions are welcome and can be sent to us care of this blog.