         ...they kept me home yesterday and I got to catch up on a lot of reading. To wit:  Robert Heinlein - Double Star A well-told, tightly-plotted yarn of political intrigue and deception. While I found the central theme - an actor being taken over by the 'role' of a political leader he was initially paid to impersonate for a while - rather ghoulish, it's a fascinating, gripping tale. There are anachronsisms aplenty - techies who still use slide-rules, huge metal computers, that sort of thing. This is a very right-wing world (a parliamentary democracy headed by a hereditary monarch from the house of Orange), definitely what you'd call 'yesterday's future' - a vision that has passed from the firmament of 'might be' to the caverns of 'might have been', but that only adds to the book's charm for me.  Rudy Rucker - Software So this is the stuff I was missing out on when I'd stoped reading SF. Rucker's vision of the future still seems incredibly plausible, if not inevitable, a little over two decades after the book was written. It's a sleek, irreverent cyber-punk romp that deals with 'big' issues with the same cocky insouciance with which it inserts sly references to Asimov's much-vaunted laws and Hubbard's pseudo-religious forays. Enough ideas for a lesser author to spin entire series out of, presented in a deceptively slim paperback. I have to get the other two volumes in the sequence.  Maureen F. McHugh - China Mountain Zhiang Another future that seems quite plausible - an unipolar world, dominated by Red China. There is a wealth of social, political and technological extrapolation here, much of which is intrinsic to the plot, but the essential theme is the age-old fable of the gifted outsider coming to terms with the fact that he's smarter than most people in the system that surrounds him. Not very original, but told with enough insight and innovation to make it worthwhile. The side-plot about human settlers on Mars adds a whole extra dimension which the story - and the storytelling - is strong enough to support.   Also reading Castro's speeches and the Fukuyama book.   Foo! I need to fall sick more often...