         Saturday, I went to see 'The league of Extraordinary Gentlemen'. Ever since I followed the adventures of a darkly humorous, mysterious avenger called V For Vendetta, in a comic called Warrior, I've been a huge fan of Mr. Alan Moore, the genius who created the comic the movie is based on.  Quite apart from that,being a somewhat literate person, I've read all the old books the extraordinary gentleman - and lady - are from, so it was a chance to re-visit some old favourites.  One of the friends that I dragged along was quite determined not to like it, based on a very bad screen print she'd suffered through and a common assumption among somewhat intelligent people that anything big,shiny and entertaining has to suck.  I insisted on her coming along, figuring that this would be a chance to show another seeker that there is life beyond the ironic stance. And sure enough - one round of fisticuffs, one trademark Connery smile and quip into the movie, and we were all snared, drawn into the consensual magic that a really good big-screen entertainer creates. (SPOILER ALERT) I won't go so far as to say the movie didn't have flaws - the script was rather cliched at times, there were a few logical problems for those who look out for that sort of thing (why didn't M just kill 'em all when they were gathered in his HQ? Why that elaborate charade of breaking into Dorian's house as The Phantom? and so on).  I also know that some people feel the movie was not a fit vehicle for Naseeruddin Shah (I remember some wank in Outlook complaining that an actor of his calibre had to do Jackie Chan-style high kicks). And why not? He had fun, we had fun watching him, and he got paid. t's not like he had to do something demeaning. His character had great dignity and power and was second only to Connery's in that sense. And it may be a cheap shot, but I liked the Shiva Linga motiff used in the design of the Nautilus.  All in all, a good time was had by all. My friend succesfully transcended into post-ironic bliss and we wolfed down tons of buttered popcorn in the process. A world where a film like this does not make bonzo money is a bit of a shoddy place, I think.