         It was worth it. I normally don't enjoy these rock shows at music stores - all those racks get in the way of the stage, there's far too many people just generally elbowing in to gawk for a while in between looking for the latest pop fix and so forth. But motherjane made it worthwhile. Much as I respect support blah blah the perennially beleaguered Indian rock scene, there are, in reality, only about 6 or 7 bands that I actually find worth watching. motherjane is definitely one of them. Their style is mainly thinking-man's melodic hard rock with tasteful traces of prog, funk, classical  and metal. It probably isn't the sort of stuff that's my mainstay these days, but its always heartening to come across a band with high standards of lyrical and musical content. They're also the only band in India right now with a song that I can relate to my own current life  - 'Prison Chains', a song about ...work.  Their album, Insane Biography, enjoyed rather good production, courtsey Didier Weiss, a French-expat who now lives in Auroville and was also responsible for the studio polish on Thermal And A Quarter's second album, Jupiter Cafe. The high quality of the package just made it easier to appreciate the sterling values of motherjane's sound - their brand of hard rock gets you with the grooves and the riffs and the melodies, but it also offers lyrical and musical niceties in plenty - a healthy overdrive,so to speak.  The most amazing thing is, they are fully capable of delivering all this finesse and fire live. They know how to get a decent mix out of the PA, the musicians are at ease, in control, channeling rather than just playing their songs. The two-guitar team works brilliantly - they may be one of the few bands here that knows how to really make use of two of those creatures to seriously mix textures and parts and genuinely add to the song beyond the comforting wall of sound a second guitr provides. Vocalist Suraj just never fails to amaze me with his ability to effortlessly to deliver every pitch, every little nuance of the vocal lines you hear on the album. Another great thing was that they played a totally original set, except for the apparently obligatory Iron Maiden encore (Be Quick Or Be Dead, this time). When they followed it up with their own song, Disillusioned (which by the way, I just heard my friend Jack has written the script for the video to), it was clear that they should stick to playing originals - thats where they really gel, competent as their covers are.I think thats a good sign - it means they very definitely have their own 'voice'. So it was good. I'm glad I went. Let's hope there's more of the same to come...more real shows by worthwhile bands, not just cobbled-together media-friendly issue-based gigs, 'corporate' rock shows (oxymoron if there ever was one), old farts playing lounge rock and of course the usual kids experimenting desultorily with various shades of metal. (I just had to say something negative about SOMETHING sooner or later!)