         Many years ago I had to a write a Maths supplementary exam. The whole afair was a charade - halfway through a peon walked in and started reading out the answers to us. I've never enjoyed this kind of shortcut, so I ignored the man, wrote down the few answers I could figure out on my own and then, to fill up space, wrote down most of Coleridge's Kubla Khan from memory.   Oddly, I passed the exam anyhow.  Well, that poem is a good example of how works of art are often built up from external sources, original as they may be. Coleridge's own story was that he was reading Marco Polo's Travels and doing opium when he composed about a1,000 lines in his head (before being interrupted by that 'man from Porlock' (apparently an insurance salesman, most likely a time-traveller or perhaps Dirk Gently). But subsequent research has thrown up everything from 'Purchas' Pilgrimage' to Fielding's 'Tom Jones' as a source.   It was JL Lowes' 'The Road To Xanadu' that began the rush to trace out every possible source for Coleridge's 2 most enigmatic poems - Xanadu and the one about the wierd old sailor. Although there is some validity in seeing imagination as a sort of aggregative force, with a voracious reader like Coleridge, this sort of exercise can get out of hand. One hyped-up scholar went to the extent of writing a paper on the influence of Beowulf on Coleridge, stating rather inanely that "since Beowulf is a noted achievement in the history of the race it could have filtered down into Coleridge's mind via some inspirational afflatus from on high.   At any rate, if dreamers are not always the authors of their own dreams, does it matter whether Coleridge had read Beowulf". And I supose it doesn't matter whether Colerdige wrote Xanadu either?  The poem itself is infinitely fascinating and has inspired all manner of activity, from the odd academic alleys alluded to above to popping up (along with the Ancient Mariner)  in a Douglas Adams novel, to prompting Orson Welles to name the mansion in Citizen Kane Xanadu (Mandrake's mansion, too is called Xanadu, by the way) to serving as the name for Ted Nelson's hypertext project.   Lastly, here is a rather odd, though amusing parody of Xanadu:      here   There's also a rather lovely song by Rush called Xanadu. Look for it.