         This was a good weekend. I did a lot of god's green leaf, after a long time, I listened to a lot of Nevermore (something I should have started doing much earlier) and read a lot.  I finished three books over the weekend - Bruce Sterling's Heavy Weather, Larry Niven's World of Ptavvs and Octavia Butler's Parable of the Sower.  Heavy Weather was a good cyberpunk romp through a near-future USA, devastated by global warming and general anarchy. While it was clever, well-paced and altogether very convincing, I must confess that I failed to come away with any really significant sensations about the story or the characters. Not that both aren't well constructed and vividly etched - it's a good book, but not a great one, I guess. The two things that threw me off were the sudden appearance of an Illuminati-like group towards the very end - they just seemed to pop up from leftfield and exit in similar fashion - and the fact that the Storm Troupe, the group of heavy weather hackers who act as the book's central characters, just seem to disperse placidly into seperate lives once their epiphany is achieved. maybe I'm missing something here?  The World of Ptavvs is Larry Niven's first novel. I have two of his other books too -The Mote in God's Eye a collection of short stories called The Inconstant Moon. I decided to put off reading The Mote in favour of this one. It remains to be seen how that much-praised pace-opera classic will strike me, but I'm glad I did so. The writing is a bit awkward, the plot perhaps a bit too twisty at times, but this is the most enjoyable big-scale SF I've read in a while, complete with a space-chase across the solar system, talking dolphins and ancient alien astronauts. Oh, and a spacecraft called the Heinlein. What more could a boy ask for?  And now we come to Parable. I started on it late sunday night and just had to stay up until I finished it. it's just barely SF by conventional standards - it happens in the future, there are elements of technological and, especially, social and historical extrapolation, but the book is essentially a spiritual one, conveying a whole new (to me at least) twist on the age old problem of god. At the same time, it manages to be a gripping, beautfully told tale with people you really care for and events that draw you in as if you were there. Well, that's how it worked for me anyway. I don't feel up to commenting at greater length right now - this really isn't a book you can sum up too easily. I somehow hope Frank Herbert read this one, I think he would have approved...