Ok maybe it's just me, but I would rank AP English tests the hardest tests.   The multiple choice questions on the AP English tests are harder than SAT passages (which i already did horribily), not only are we suppose to know the meanings of the passage, but exactly and thoroughly understand how authors wrote it and carefully constructed the passages.  There are several reasons for this ranking that puts English on the APEX of all AP tests:  1: The questions are the most subjective: Everytime when I take the AP English multiple choice tests, for every MC, I feel my hands sweat and my mind full of doubt when I bubble in an answer for that question. There is NEVER a single question that I can feel 100% confident on that I'm sure I got it right. Unlike all other subjects, including US history, where there is just some straightfoward concrete fact that's either right or wrong.  The meaning of every excerpt, sentence, even to the every word of the question can be interpreted in a variety of different ways. And as Chad mentioned today in class, that we are taught so much about how to infer, imply, that we sometimes forget the LITERAL MEANINGS, and we lose perspectives. In short, every question we can "Overthink" it.  And again being the subject of English, there is no fine line as to where is "overthinking", and where is "underthinking". To a point, it gets to be rather annoying, all the shakiness and uncertaintiness in answer EVERY SINGLE QUESTION.  2: When you get an answer wrong, and you read the explanations that explains why, you are never ever 100% convinced. There is always that self-righteous factor that comes to play that doubts the correct answers, simply because words and phrases can be interpreted differently in everybody's minds. Everytime I feel the urge to argue with whoever thought the right answer to a question is this letter, while two other letter of answers can probably be interpreted as correct.   3: For almost every other school subject, the teacher, the student, if he or she is willing to learn or improve, can easily identify the weak areas, which FACTS the student's missing and so on after some assessments......But for English, I just  know I'm not prepared for the test, and I know did bad on the practice ones, but still there is not some concrete evidences I can point out that here, this is my weak area, or this I really do not understand. So it becomes a matter of trial and error and practice, which seems limitless and endless.   And Finally, this is the most unique about the English test that's different than EVERY OTHER SUBJECT: ---- YOU CAN NOT CRAM AND STUDY FOR . Yeah it is right that after maybe several, maybe several dozens years of intense study.....You maybe say I'm fully prepared now for the AP english exam........And still the questions bombards you with subjectivity. And just the shear size of the vocabulary, the subtle difference between all the synonymous words, (overstatement, hyperbolie, implies, infers, suggests, what is the intent, argue, dispute...). And it's like your whole life of culture and experience in the world culminates and contributes to your performance on this test. Yeah for a really really stressed, miserably failing, troubled, an extremely unprepared and uncertained kid one weekend before he has to take the AP English language test, This test is just not the test to cram for.  All in all, AP English test in my feeling is just hard.......harder than every other test.   Unless you are Matt Wu of course.  I don't know if any of you share any of the feelings I listed above.   So there is my emotional turmoil of the day.  Thanks all to all of you who were willing to read this. Thomas Chen