Thomas, I totally agree with you that standardized tests are simply unfair/wrong since individuals are not standard. It seems like in America everything is about individuality and ability to strive and achieve, yet society still places standards upon us that we have to pass in order to be "good citizens." I'm myself very frustrated with SATs and ACTs cause no matter if I am “super smart,” or get 1st places in competitions, I am just bad in analogies and my vocab doesn't include such words as vituperative, or flabbergasted. I personally just came from the WASMUN competition where I was elected Best Negotiator, and Rapatour (I don't know how to spell that) and spoke in front of 600 "delegates," and yet all of that doesn't matter cause I still feel "not good enough" cause my awesome SAT scores place me into the "average/standard" herd of students.  Actually I think it's an awesome idea to encourage our fellow students to participate in conversations by addressing them directly, it really does work... sometimes. In our "committees" in MUN (yeah, I am a nerd like that) we can just say "I yield my time to ...." and name a delegate that seems to be the least awake; it mostly ends up that he/she has a lot to say and starts participating in the debate, or else you at least you wake them up… for a while:)   About the practice AP test we took, I find it to be the best preparation for the test we can get. I just want to know what I would actually have gotten if it was the real test. I found mult. choice test to be the hardest part of it (stand. tests), the essays were fine. The prompt about Emerson was interesting, especially since we have studied him and read his works; I didn't focus as much on conventions, except for the usage of simple/complex sentences and the "..." to communicate effectively. Shakespeare essay was awesome cause I just have read a lot of him and the prompt was pretty broad and open for interpretation. It helps a lot to have background info about prompts. Now I think we should just really focus on reviewing the literary terms and grammar, I have problems coming up with literary terms, and also some of the mult. choice questions on grammar need review. I think our class is well prepared, we all read and write a lot, and Mrs. VA covered grammar/terms pretty well.