I really don't have much to say about AP tests or ASB elections... but politics---  If military experience was a prerequisite for being a successful President or commander in chief of the armed forces I'd fear for the future of this country.  And I'd hardly compare Kerry to true war heroes such as Audy Murphy, here's a section of an article describing Kerry's Vietnam medals and tour.  But neither of those matter, the bottom line is, when you enlist in the military you are enlisting in the military.  You job is to be ready for war.  In war you are put in harms way.  Everyone in Iraq right now knew what they were getting into, we have a volunteer military.  The loss of every life, especially the civilian ones, is a great trajedy, the real issue is should we even be in Iraq, but that's a whole other issue.-     Kerry served on swift boats for about four months. During that time, he was awarded the Bronze Star (the lowest decoration for heroism in combat) and the Silver Star (the next higher decoration for valor) and three Purple Hearts for wounds sustained in battle. These latter decorations — like my title of "nationally syndicated columnist" — sound more impressive than they are. All three wounds were minor cuts from shrapnel, which, according to Kerry, caused him to miss a grand total of 2 days of duty.   For soldiers and Marines, especially of the enlisted variety, a Silver Star is a big deal. You've got to do something profound to get one. But the rules were different for officers, especially for naval officers.   This is the action on Feb. 28, 1969, for which Kerry was awarded the Silver Star: A Viet Cong fired a B-40 rocket at Kerry's boat, Patrol Craft Fast-94. Tom Belodeau, manning the twin 50-caliber machine guns at the rear of the boat, opened fire on the VC, wounding him. The VC fled behind a hooch. Kerry ordered PCF-94 to shore, leaped out of the boat, pursued the VC, and finished him off.   I can envision grizzled infantrymen shaking their heads. "He got the Silver Star for that?"   Kerry had an advantage most servicemen do not. Medal recommendations have to be made by the commanding officer of the unit in which the heroism took place. Kerry was the commander of PCF-94. Presumably, Kerry's medal recommendation was made by the commander of the squadron to which PCF-94 belonged. But Kerry's commander wasn't there. The evidence he had of the heroism of Lt (jg) John F. Kerry came chiefly from the after action report of Lt. (jg) John F. Kerry.   Shortly after being awarded the Silver Star, Kerry took advantage of a provision in Navy regulations that permits a sailor who has been wounded three times to obtain early release from his combat tour. For Kerry — since his wounds were so minor — this was taking advantage of a technicality. There is nothing wrong with this. Many officers similarly situated would have done the same. But it wasn't heroic.   To recap: Kerry was a double volunteer. As a swift boat commander, he was brave and able. But I am unaware of any soldier or Marine who was awarded a decoration of any kind — much less the Silver Star — just for killing a wounded man who was running away.   Though it is being hyped far beyond what it warrants, Kerry's Vietnam service was honorable. What is not honorable is the way Kerry — in testimony before Congress in April, 1971 — falsely accused his fellow Viet vets of routinely committing grisly war crimes. Nor does it speak well of Kerry that in several demonstrations he marched under the flag of the Viet Cong. It is one thing to oppose the war in Vietnam. It is another to cheer for the enemy.     Why is there hope in John Kerry?  If the major issue with the president choosing to send troops to war, because of the evils of war, then no President since maybe Gerald Ford(I'm just guessing) would fit your criteria.  I find it hard to believe President Bush is as cold and heartless as he is portrayed to be here.  I really doubt he's any different than any other President, I'd just like to say that character slander is not an effective means of policy debate which is what is truly at debate here.  Tell me why Kerry won't be bought because his wife has billions?  Kerry is already bought, he's bought because he wants to win.  You can't buy votes with billions but you can buy votes with endorsements.  Kerry's wife is rich, yes, so she can fund his campaign along with George Soros.  But Kerry is already bought by the standard democratic special interest groups, labor unions, environmentalists, trial lawyers(by far the worst) because he hopes their endorsements will entice members of their groups to vote for him.  In exchange for those endorsements he agrees to give them more sway in his administration, it's just how the system works.  It would be nice if everyone looked out for everyone and the common good but that's not going to happen.  All politics are corrupt, Democrats and Republicans equally.  I agree completely that we went to Iraq for oil, and I don't think we should be there.  I certainly understand the benefits of securing a new nation under our sway in the middle east, removal of bases to Iraq from Saudi Arabia would certainly quell some anti American sentiment in that nation and put our bases closer to Israel.  OPEC has too much power over the United States economy and the global economy, but setting a precedent of a preemptive strikes frightens me.  Nothing would make me happier to see the US freed from oil, and the Bush administration has done an admirable job of using tax credits to push ahead gas/electric hybrids and to cut oil usage, such as in new federal requirements tying fuel efficiency requirements to vehicle weight.  The single issue of gas prices is not what gives the Japanese car makers the edge, it's a rather unique combination of luck, trade policies and union interference that has put detroit second to tokyo as of recently.  But this years trends from detroit have been towards cars, while some from Tokyo, most notably Nissan and Honda have certainly been to expand into less fuel efficient vehicles such as SUVs and trucks.  It's impossible to generalize on such as level or attribute it to something as arbitrary as gasoline prices.   Rob's suggestion of putting a 1 dollar tax on gas is why I'm not a democratic supporter as a general rule.  Liberal policies dictates a negative approach to social engineering.  Why not offer an incentive, a tax break on buying a gas efficient car or a hybrid.  Democratic ethos dictates, RAISE TAXES.  Push people away from gas, not try to entice them away.  The federal government is simply too inefficient and bureaucratic to justify it taking any more tax money from the private sector.  Democrats want to take it away more so than Republicans, but they both want it.  Lesser of two evils.  I guess that's a rather sad commentary on my approach to politics and maybe our system in general but I digress.  Read the New York Times at www.nytimes.com even if it's a liberal rag it still beats the pants off the Columbian and Oregonian combined.