Stress is right...thank GOD for the weekend.  I'm taking three ap tests which will sound infantile and scoffable next to Tom's FIVE or so, but I'm working on Prom day and night.  Laugh if you want for me expending so much time and effort perpetuating a night of drunkeness and morally relaxed practices, I sometimes shake my head myself, but it's what I signed up for and it's hard and stressful.  Go to prom and appreciate my hard work damn it!  Any way... it sickens me that the people that send others to their death a.ka. the Bush administration, do so without feeling the pain so many American families do when they lose a brother/mother/father/sister/friend/lover/fellow blogger in Iraq.  Bush's connection with the world has been GENETICALLY REMOVED.  Whether like to think of it or not, we elect monarchies.  W. Bush is something like the great great great great nephew of Madison or something.  There's no difficulty tracing a Kennedy bloodline either.  There is hope in Kerry.  He opted to fight in Vietnam rather than lynch himself over a balcony, and his experiences there gave him credibility teaching (what should be the obvious) wrongs of war.  His wife has billions, so don't expect him to be bought, and he doesn't claim his greatest mistake was TRADING SAMMIE FUCKING SOSA.  The dumbass Bush couldn't run a major league baseball team successfully, but we gave him the country!?!?  Edwards was the best answer, but he was too decent to sling mud, so Kerry it is.  I think it's obvious we went to Iraq for oil, becaue Iraq isn't/never was a threat to the security of the u.s. (North Korea is however) and the war has done nothing but stimulate enrollment for Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, and other groups hell-bent on making their suicide hurt anyone that's not Muslim.  Bush and Cheney are both oil-men (duh) and they're sick of having their balls in opec's vice, so they want to secure an oil flow.  How bout eliminating the need for oil?  Andrew Sullivan wrote a thought-provoking essay supporting the case for a gas tax of $1 per gallon.  It's what the rest of the world does, and it would result in a trend toward fuel-efficient cars, cut down on polution, and get many people off the road-reducing accident rates and deaths.  Bush won't do it though... it would give Japanese carmakers too much of an edge, and right now GM is pumping out SUV's as fast as bunnies are pump out kittens.  By the way, I'm going to run for ASB president next year, and I want to see some representation from the bloggers that post on this site.  Elias, Tom, Pav, et al. if you have schedule room, uncle sam wants YOU!  Help to keep the ASB diversified.  And if Alex R. still wants to talk shit bout Evan Cate, shame on him... I've been sitting on this for a while, but Evan is one of the most honest, genuine kids I know, and I'm glad he's my friend.  I'm out- talk back.  And if nonconformity becomes too popular, conform to nonconform.  Love Rob