During the group descussions today in class, my group noticed something very interesting. I don't know where i'm going to go with it, but i thought i might throw it out there anyway. Our group was talking about Night, and we were busy discussing how horrific/depressing the book is when we heard a neighboring group mention how someone in the other book had lost his pet mouse and therefore all the joy in his world. We went kind of silent for a minute and looked at each other. How does a mouse compare to the Halocaust? And then we just went back to our discussion.   But i've been stuck on it all day, and i think that our reaction has as much to say as the juxtoposition of the books does. And i think that it all has something to do with the human ability to completely ingore huge, world changing events (or the inability to understand them), like the halocaust. I'll let the great Eddie Izzard make the next point:   "Pulpot killed 1.7 million people, we can't even deal with that. I think we think if somebody kills someone, that's murder, you go to prision. If you kill 10 people, you to to Texas, they hit you with a brick. That's what they do. Twenty people, you go to a hospital, they look at you through a small window at you forever. And over that, we can't deal with it, you know? Somebody's killed one hundred thousand people, we're almost going, 'well done! well done, you killed 100,000 people? You must get up very early in the morning. I can't even get down to the gym.' ...So i suppose we're glad that Pulpot's under house arrest, at least we know where he is. Just don't go in that house, you know?"   Some people would probably say that we find little ways to deal with huge or horrible things ...like pet mice. But i think that we just completley ignore them. A revolution in Haiti? Ten thousand citizens dead in Iraq? Ariel Sharon pulls out of the West Bank? Terrorists attack Madrid? Oh. Okay. ...Did i leave the iron plugged in? God, my boyfriend's being so annoying these days. Do i look fat in this shirt?... Nevermind the 25 million people that die every year from hunger. Or the 34.3 million people who are looking a little skinny since they contracted AIDS.   I'm not suggesting that we should think about this all the time every day, but it is valuable to be reminded every now and then.   So yeah... I'd put some sort of conlcusion on this... but it'd be way easier if people posted responses (seeing as you all completely ignored my last post) that i could then steal ideas from.  -Beck