With the approach of the latest Harry Potter movie, The Prisoner of Azkaban, I would like to take some time to reflect upon arguably the personally fulfilling series of books I have read. (Don't laugh, I know all of you read these books.....and love them)  First of all, the genius of J.K. Rowling is her organization.  How many times have you been reading these books and come across a turn in the plot, and then remembered hearing a small clue earlier in the book or in a past book that led directly to a crucial part in the book.  To clarify that last statement I will give some examples.  EX 1: Harry has to live with the Dursleys-find out later this gives him protection when he's away from Hogwarts.  EX 2: Ron's rat Scabbers-find out later it is Wormtail, supporter of Voldemort who framed Sirius and lived with Ron and his family to be able to hear news from the wizarding world concerning Voldemorts whereabouts/possible return.   While the plot is deeply woven for a simple children's novel, this is not the only reason for the success of these books.  What makes these books so wildy popular is the way in which the reader is so captivated by the setting of a wizarding world in which spells and flying is a reality.  What kid could resist a fantasy like this?  I sure couldn't.  I am 17 years old and am still spellbound(pun).  I have talked to adults that are more obsessed than I am.  If anyone caught last weeks TRL on MTV is was all about Harry Potter and kids dressed up in robes and competed to get a role on the next Harry Potter film. One girl participating was able to name the license plate number of the Weasley's car in the second movie.....that is seriously ridiculous.  Speaking of ridiculous, the winner was a kid about our age who literally was jumping up and down, crying with joy after he won the contest.  I'm sorry but after reading Benjamin Franklin's autobiography I was hardly jumping up and down with joy.(I am not bashing Benjamin Franklin-just pointing out how a setting can contribute to the joy of reading a novel)  So now that I have gone off on a tangent, I would like to hear from anyone else that has been so engrossed in the novels as I have.  Call me obsessive, I don't even care.  Read the books-then call me obsessive.  Yes, these novels will probably not help you get into an Ivy League school but don't we deserve a treat after all the reading we have done this year?  Like William Forrester said on Finding Forrester, "I read the Times for a main dish, and the tabloids for a dessert"  Go on, treat yourself.  Or even better, start an argument against me.  I would love to hear it. -Pat