Hey Nova, thanx for joining us, it's been getting rather quiet here lately.... The Great Gatsby is not that great after all, I guess it's just not my kind of "great literature." First I though I was missing something in the book, but now I think that it's the but the book that's missing something... The author states his doctrine on the first page: "whenever you feel like criticizing anyone... just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had," which dictates the rest of the book making it "lack" any kind of criticism expressed by the narrator or any "reflections" upon the issues raised by the actions of characters in the book. He simply leaves it all for the reader to interpret and draw her/his own conclusions. I understand that's great in the fact that it makes you think for yourself about what you read instead of just reading off the dogmas that the author provides you with layed out on a silver plate. But my problem is that I need someone to discuss the book with, even if it be the author himself through the context of the "sophisticated sentences" he writes down in his book, or his thoughts.   That's why I think I liked Catcher in the Rye so much more, the author just told you everything he thought, even though all the digressions could sometimes get distracting. It's strange how the book just gives you three days of this boy's life but you know everything about his character you could ever find out. I first thought he was rather sardonic and just negative in general toward life and people, all of his comments and criticism, but toward the end of the book I couldn't help but love this boy. The way he just tells his little sister how he wants to be a catcher in the rye.. "standing on the edge of some crazy cliff... I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff...I have to come out from somewhere and catch them..." and just makes you feel like you know that he would have caught that boy that jumped out of the window and that he would have kept that young girl from selling her body and that he would have donated all of his money to those two nuns if he could... just the simple things he says and does make him so unrealistically true and "good"... I am trying though to figure out what is the significance of the carousel at the end of the book... why does it make him so happy?