Hey Rob, in response to your welcome to me as to returning to the "real world", I have a few words to say. Forgive me if I sound like a nerdy bigot here.  First of all, I have to say that yes, certainly, I've got your note you so graciously left on my exhibit booth. I have to thank with my deepest appreciation to all and everyone who came to visit Intel ISEF on Thursday or Friday.   With all the scientific jargons EVERYWHERE in the beloved ISEF exhibits hall that would probably intimidate a good deal of people just with their first step into the ISEF exhibit hall, yes I do agree the environment I was immersed in for the past whole week is out of touch with the "rest of the society". But on a different note, we had the wonderful opportunity to meet people from ALL OVER THE COUNTRY AND THE WORLD.....We were chatting about not just what scientific discoveries, methods, projects we worked on over the past years, but we ISEF finalists also discussed politics (yeah discussing politics with people from other countries is kinda interesting), our hometowns, schools, and just our personal nerdy lives in general. We also have had LOTS AND LTOS OF SOCIAL LIFE....more social life in the past week than I've ever had in my life. Just being in the convention center makes you feel more mature, and everything was in adult settings and business attires. All the strict rules, politeness, civilness in conjunction with meeting professors, Nobel Laureates, leading scientists and teachers of all fields that represent modern society. True, all of these cameras, press, Nobel laureates are probably very special, but these famous people (both adults and ISEF students) I met do constitute part of our world and the contributions of the scientists is what move the society forward, not the verbatim politicians. Besides, I'd rather be in a environment of overly academicness, formalness, and overly famous people to see what really the world of brainpower is like than be in an environment that encourages some kind of phobia to academia and modern sciences (We had some fun times chuckling and making fun of Bush on the bureaucracy and the political barriers to modern science advances, such as the stem cell research, and it was started by Nobel Laureates) YEAH SO ISEF ALL THE WAY....5000 times more REAL WORLD! lol.   And now I'm looking forward to catch up all the work I've missed the past week lol. Catcher in the Rye seems to be a very comfortable reading right now. I've looking forward to discussing the book with other interested readers.