Wow, it's been a few days since I last checked the blog and I feel so out of touch... so I have some preambulatory clauses to address before I get to the real, English-related topic of the post.  First and foremost, I'd like to  CONGRATULATE the members of Skyview MUN for their various awards and other successes at the district tournament this weekend, RECOGNIZING the efforts of the Russian Federation in successfully warding off the political opposers of the Rodina FURTHER RECOGNIZING that said efforts resulted in both best team in General Assembly as well as best team overall and, LOOKS FORWARD TO seeing the big ass trophy that results  I really had a good time and look forward to participating in the future.  Secondly, Thomas, welcome back to the real world.  I hope you got my note when I went to visit you and you weren't there, but if you didn't, I came to support the scientific mind Natalya has recognized as a Hottie.  Now to the Great Gatsby... I feel like a major nerd here, but I really enjoyed the book and feel I was able to track the author and accompanying symbolism.  (This is where I feel like a nerd)  I would therefore like to reference the independent reading report I did on it earlier on in the year; 	  The Great Gatsby is considered the great American novel because below the cloak of an extravagant love story is the erosion of American society in the Roaring 20’s, or “Jazz Age,” as Fitzgerald dubbed it.  Gatsby himself is the symbol of the American dream as Fitzgerald saw it:  he’s rich and therefore a socialite, he throws lavish parties where hundreds of “friends” come to his mansion to glorify the vices of society, namely alcohol and sex, and he pursues unrealistic fantasies on a whim, attempting to bend reality to fit his sensibilities.  Gatsby’s love interest, Daisy, is respectable and accountable, besides being desirable.  When Gatsby tries to woo Daisy, and runs into obstacles, it is apparent in Gatsby’s demeanor that the American lifestyle is unraveling, as demonstrated in his cessation of party hosting.  In the end, when Gatsby’s protection of Daisy results in his death, it is apparent at his funeral when none of his “friends” come to mourn how the American lifestyle is truly viewed; as base, vile, and taboo.  Long story short, Gatsby was symbolic of the twenties life-style, (as AP US History should have taught you) a life-style that Fitzgerald was against.  Viewing Gatsby as an embodiment of the Roaring 20's may alter your position toward him and his actions as you read.  Some other interesting symbolism was the role of the Green Light that was Gatsby's hope in reuniting with Daisy, and the role of the Dr.'s Eyes.  I really really enjoyed Gatsby, so if anyone who is reading it wishes to discuss it extracurricularly, I'd love to participate.  I'd also like to note that Faulkner's As I Lay Dying is an entirely different style than I believe I've encountered before, and the humor and complexity of the book make it a lot of fun as well.  I love that post AP test, there is still so much interest in American Lit.  Love Rob