It's very true that we don't realize our milieus until we move away from them.  When I moved up here from North Carolina, there was something different.  I couldn't really describe what it was, but something in the personalities of people.  There are pretty much the same restaraunts, stores and things to do around here as there are in most areas, so i could never figure out exactly what was different.  Then I figured it out. It's the people.  For the most part, people living in the Northwest are more "natural." Like Seattle is known for being artsy, and Portland is more of a naturalist area.   Also, the first thing I noticed when I moved was the California pride.  I never understood what was so special about California. Maybe it was just being in middle school when everyone is trying to find themselves by bragging about everything possible, but California always came up as a bragging right.  It was amazing to me how many people were like, "well I'm from California!" My response was always was "your point is...?" To this day I have yet to figure out what is so special about California. Yes, it has great weather for the most part of the year, which is more than I can say for here, but I couldn't see myself just packing up my bags and moving down there.  Even given the opportunity to, I declined to move to sunny So. Cal.  Which brings up a whole nother aspect of milieu.  Families. You would be surprised how completely different people live.  Having my mom move down to California this past summer, I was completely excited to move in with the Gilfoys. Even though they seemed like a "normal" family.  I realized there is no "normal" family. (Kind of like there are no "normal" people, like Thomas stated.) I always thought that I just lived in the most "interesting" family, but every family has something different about them. After moving in with them, I have realized many small things that I love about my own family and how differently I used to live.  I guess it's kind of like leaving my family a couple years early.  Next year when most of you go off to college you think you will never miss your family and you're dying to get out of your house. Getting out of the house will be great, but trust me though, you will miss them and all of the small things, especially your own mother's cooking.  -Rachel Penny