Hideeho Bloggeroonies  I same to be borrowing a page from Ned Flanders on that one. What's going one you probably all asleep people? I know that lots o' people are off at that Harry Potter opening, my little sister included.   Bethany, I'd like to read that parody gig sometime, it'd be cool to see. It can take time to write a nice parody, or a nice thing in general. I'm still trying to finish up my Stalin/Spongebob parody (it's almost done, and thank God I finally have an idea for the ending!). It's fun to write these things, and we all have our different styles, and practice makes perfect, so don't worry. Also, true dat about leaning on God. Coming to him makes us realize how stupid materialism, selfishness, etc. can really be, if we take time to be sincere and thoughtful with him.   Speaking of said parody, it's at the center of what I want to do for my senior project. I'd like to direct and produce it next year, try and make it part of a student-written winter one-acts show that we've had in the wings throughout this school year. I know Megan might be interested in writing a piece. My thesis'll center around different styles and methods of directing, but the project is what I'm really interested in. VA really liked that I'm going to do it, and she's been encouraging in telling me to do a project that is important to me. I've worked almost all school year on my play (named Stalinpants = Stalin + Spongebob Squarepants), so it'll be a great way to tie that in to something like senior project. Hope some of you guys might be interesting in trying out next year. We'd love to have you in any of the shows, and Stalinpants specifically has a large cast, so you'd have a nice chance of getting a part.  Anywho, I find it interesting that we've got senior boards next year. I can totally understand though why some juniors last year were quick to decorate themselves and their cars in Senior '04 stuff. It'll be a fun year (pre-nostalgic sigh). Anywho, I'm going get going, and maybe go to bed sometime soon; most likely. Till next time. Adios and God bless.  Tristan the Yeehawman.