Well, I'd like to do anything but that essay.  I think we've had enough Centuries to do well on the test, but I'd like to finish the series later.  Cause like Kolk said, Peter Jennings is one sexy hunk of man.  I'd like to tear into him like Sam and his Sheila (that's Aussie for "girl").  Just kidding about all that, but I really enjoyed Sam's lecture today.  He's very intelligent, understands what went on and why, and can relay it to a bunch of high-school kids very effectively which is tough to do.  I think the key is boot camp and that drill instructor that's itching to get out... keeps us on our toes.  The lecture really effected my views about the time period.  It drives me crazy that the era that produced The Beatles, The Grateful Dead, The Rolling Stones, Jimmy Hendrix, Bob Dylan, The Who and Miss Clark would also deem it noble to spit on a soldier who risked his life fighting for freedom.  That may sound distorted/cliche (even to the vets), but the troops were there because the government told them to be...the government that feared the domino effect, and that if Asia went down to communism, trade ceases, America chokes on its own success in a ridiculous recession no military might could pull us out of, then the Revolutionary War, the Civil War, WWII, and every other conflict we've participated in under the banner of freedom and democracy would have all been for nought.  It is so prevalent to Iraq... Bush riding terrorism to attack a country that could foster terror... but it makes me think "what about Saudi Arabia?"  like, 4/6 or something of the 9/11 bombers were  Saudi.  And what about Palestinian groups like Hamas and Al Aqsa Martyr Brigade?  Are they not also equally important to the war on terror, despite the fact they are attacking Israeli Jews rather than American ones?  Sam's lecture also helped shape my political views.  Kerry fought in Vietnam, won a silver star for valor as he captained a boat in the hottest of zones in the heart of Vietnam, Bush skipped out on the National Guard.  Although military experience does not ensure quality presidency (Grant), Eisenhower seems to have done a job well done.  I also get the impression that being surrounded by death, Kerry might be more hesitant to send in troops, he might carry a higher appreciation for the life of a soldier.  I was going to ask Sam about it, but we ran out of time.    Give me your thoughts on Nam, communism, Sam, or political oppinionism.  Good luck on the test, and good luck to SJClark in Seattle!  Love, Rob