It was an astounding discussion today! I'm surprised at our third period class today, we actually did some genuine discussions! Without more than five minutes of silent stares at each other! That's a huge benchmark for us. LOL.   Ok Nova, we may have a different stance on this issue about the discussion of "racism". I think the controversy of it is really really interesting, and really relevant to the society we live in today. Maybe whining about it doesn't help, and only makes the matter worse. But one has to study the history behind racism, the history behind slavery, and study the current society in general to get all these controversies and see that these debates are very interesting. If we are living in a place like Chicago, Los Angeles, NYC, San Francisco, or Atlanta, we might see the issue and controversies surrounding the issues of race and racism in a very different way, because the societies of these urban centers are so polygot that you CANNOT ignore the issue of race at all. And it becomes so relevant to your everyday lives, whether you like it or not. So I don't think we can make a judgement on how the issue of "racism" is sooooo out of date and dumb now. To a lot of people, it's very relevant to their lives. And reading this book Huck Finn I'm sure will help us understand better the deep history behind slavery, race relationships between whites and blacks, that still influences our thinkings today. And I agree with today's discussion just banning the N word will not solve any any racial problem at all, not even down to the scale of molecules. There are a lot of other forms of racial discriminatory actions that we can not ban because of free speech issue such as Erin's description of all the confederate flags in the south still. And for christ's sake it's a piece of literature, one of the best pieces of American lit every written. And to the issue of calling people "whites", "blacks", "African Americans" whatever, I agree with the discussions today that it's a matter of respect. Some people maybe offended by calling "black", others maybe "African Americans", so it. But I agree that in general, we just have to see all people as one group of Americans, and not place any body into a race or cultural profile. --------- So, what do you think of that?