Hey APUSH - we had some great success on our AP multiple choice test - however, I know many of you are disappointed.  The good news we have two weeks to raise those scores. Last year we only had a couple students over 40 at one week prior to the test. It is not time to panic - instead go over twenty multiple choice questions a day - even some that you got right you still need to work on.  Antebellum - Pre-Civil War - this term is often used to refer to the golden age of the south.  Andrew Melon - Treasurer under the Harding administration - you know the roaring twenties were about big business and handsoff government  Evan Cate can give you all the information  Essay Prompts - Most answered the essay - How did the Civil Rights Movements of the 50s and 60s address the failures of reconstruction?  I think you could look at supreme court decisions - Plessy V Ferguson - Brown V Board of Education  Presidential Decisions - Eisenhower sent in troops, Johnson and congress supported to important pieces of legislation while Hays made deals to take the troops out.  Excellent leaders and movements that addressed the issues head on...Desegregating schools, facilities, voter registration drives...all of the issues that the radical republicans wanted for the freedmen but failed to achieve...I think it is also important to think about the television and media.  The movement relied on the sympathy of nonsoutherners...the television allowed for the brutality to be seen and not just told.  All of these are applicable events - Brown V Board, Montgomery Bus Boycott, Little Rock Nine, Jackie Robinson, Desegregation of Military Forces, SNCC, Sit Ins, Freedom Marches, Freedom Rides, CORE, March on Washington, Stokely Carmichael,  Civil Rights Act of 1964 and Voters Rights Act of 1965...Remember to use events to support your point and ideas - do not describe the events.  Your readers are intelligent people and describing the Montgomery Bus Boycott is insulting.  How did anti - communism, the silent majority or the women's movement shape American public life....  Most NAILED the anti-communism in the fourties and fifties...you should have established the fear...Soviet Expansion, Eastern Europe, Berlin Blockade, Berlin Airlift, Truman Doctrine, Eisenhower, Korean War, Red China ....  But how did it affect American Life - fear of communism and subversion - McCarhyism, HUAC, Black Lists, Bomb Shelters, NSA, NASA, Space Race, Interstate Highway system, Math and Science stressed in schools, Arms Race, Competitive with Russians...  Silent Majority was a group of "hard-working" middle class Americans who were sick of the protests and the violence of the sixties and seventies...In support of Nixon's back to Normalcy - Good Americans, Anti - Drugs, Back to American Values....Voted in Nixon and led a stance against the chaos and hardships of the sixties and early seventies.  In fact one poll believed only 11% of Americans sided with the kids at Kent State and the rest supported the Natinal Guard.  - this was the hardest one...  Feminist Movement - Betty Friedan - there is more to life for a woman...the birth control pill, protests at Miss American Contests...again a group met the "establishment" head on to make changes in the work force, at colleges, and made it acceptable for women to have a career...prior to the movment - job sector divided...changed the family units two income households and may have contributed to the divorce rates...ERA, Title 9 and Roe versus Wade...are all good things to include.  I promise I won't eat the entire pint of ice cream if you promise not to freak out and do intentional focused studying each night.  Have a good evening.  Steph