Thanks to y'all for including me in your discussion group. Has anyone seen Hiroshima Mon Amour? It's an old film by Alain Resnais that begins with footage from the Hiroshima devastation and ties it to a woman's past experiences in WWII. It's been a while since I've seen it, but it might be a good view as it reveals the impact (pun intended) of the war on both Europeans and the Japanese. It is beautiful in its portrayal of the devastation of war. It's very 'art' and I think subtitled. Massive wonk points.  It has taken me many years to begin to see past the mechanics of history and foreign policy down to impact that this history has on people. In junior and high school, I was an avid student of WWII. I read books like PT-109, Guadalcanal Diary, et. al. made models of WWII airplanes. I even had an amazingly complex board game in which you could replicate almost any battle in the war. It was all VERY geeky in retrospect. I'm sure part of this fascination was due to my mother's experiences in the war as a Finnish refugee and the fact that she and I would watch the BBC documentary World at War. But as a child, the war was fascinating because of the things, places, and 'stuff of war.'   Thomas' comment about the complexity of the issue of dropping the bomb is telling. Up until 9/11, non-combatant Americans never had to deal with the war on their own soil. The WWII experiences among an average European, American, or Hiroshima resident could not be more different. As a child refugee during WWII, my mother often had no food. Some Finns ate the bark off birch trees for nourishment. Her father was killed within the first few weeks of the conflict. As the oldest child, she became an erstatz father at age 12. Sugar was the least of her worries.  I never really appreciated this very real history when I was young. History and war were either subjects of grudging study or something that I read in a book. After travelling, college study, and some sporadic personal growth, I look at history very differently now. I'm not saying that's better or worse, but my reading of history is now reflected through a desire to see it both from 'the big picture' and from the viewpoint of the human beings that are part of it. It makes history far more complex, messy, and ambiguous.  As an example, my mom was 'the enemy' in WWII. When the Finns sided with the Germans in '42 to attempt to regain the land that had been taken when Russia (our ally) invaded Finland, they became part of the Axis Powers. The Finns lost twice in WWII. Because of the Molotov/Ribbentrop Pact, they lost their land to the Russians and were forced to pay reparations to the US and other allies for siding with the Nazis. (My mom was very proud that the Finns were the only Axis nation to pay every cent of their 'debt' to the U.S. despite not receiving any of the aid given to Japan or Germany.) Despite the fact that my mother's heritage and former home is more Russian than Finnish, she strongly distrusted and disliked Russians until she developed Alzheimers. Now she loves everyone.