I'm not so sure that people understand what it is to be morally against something. It's not like we have a bible in our hands, knocking on people's doors and preaching to them about their horrible sins. We're not Puritans! That seems to be the stereotype that some may see whenever someone else uses morals as their base of their opinion. Whether it comes to Gay marraige, or abortion, y'all probably know where I stand on those issues... or do you? You see, I don't mind abortion being legal, but I wouldn't use it. Even if I do have an "accident" and get pregnant, however that may work. And it's not like I'm rich and have a lot of money, so I'm priveledged enough that I can say that I can handle having a child. I would be dead broke, dropping out of school, getting a job, compromising with my parents, handling their disappointment... and so on with the negatives of teen pregnancy. AND STILL, I would have the child and either keep it, or give it up for adoption... making sure FOR MYSELF that it goes to two wonderful parents who can give the child opportunities that I wouldn't be able to provide. But you know, all that would go away if only I aborted the child. But (again, using my morals OMG) I wouldn't, I couldn't, I value the life that I created too much. But this is all a hypothetical situation guys, don't worry I'm not pregnant. And I won't get pregnant til I marry, because I have that much control over that situation. But go ahead and keep abortion, because others feel that it's needed. Now was I using a bible to defend my reasons? A lot of people who think to the right don't.  When it comes to the Gay Marraige issue, I'm not homophoebic and I'm not going to shove a bible people's faces, but I don't recognize marraige of homosexuals as the same union as I would a marraige between heterosexuals. It's not the same, and it's not for reasons of what people do in the bedroom. It's much more than that, especially when there are children involved. And Rob, to give you a reason as to why I think it's wrong... it's because I believe that homosexual marraige isn't something that God designed. The design was for a man and a woman to have the marraige of holy matrimony. But to a secularist, I guess that doesn't matter. They don't use morals as the base of their opinion. They have to use facts, reasons and "imperical data" to share their beliefs, and in turn, they're viewed as the "smarter" people. Don't lie. I know the reasons why students who are viewed to be the smart ones are viewed that way. It's because they're left-winged/secularists who use data up the ying-yang to prove their point. And teachers love it... at least most professors at universities do. I've been told that if I need a good grade in a course, I need to write a paper that agrees to the viewpoints of the professor. And they're all pretty much liberal. And don't tell me it's not true, because I've seen it. I would talk on and on and on, but like Rush Limbaugh, I'm running out of time. Yep, I listen to Rush and pretty proud of it. But I do want to say one more thing. It makes me feel bad that some people say I'm intolerant of their views when in reality they are intolerant of my views. I don't hate homosexuals, I just don't agree with them. I don't hate those who choose abortion, I just don't agree with using it. What I'm trying to say is that I want to take down the idea that right-winged, conservatives aren't open people. DOn't believe that stereotype.