Wow Rob you were exactly right. Yesterday was a lull before today's storm. I have to say that although I take hardsides and are extreme sometimes, I think that it's disrepctful to call other people flatly wrong. Political issues will never have a complete 100% right or wrongs. Yeah so there!  On to the gay marriage debate, I will have to side with hardline pro-gay coalitions forces. Rob's article lets you have a glimpse of the emotional traumas and unexplicable sorrows and guilts gay people already have in their minds that they cannot communicate. Much of it of course caused by the phobias from society. Most gays have gone through (or are going through) constant fear of discriminations from the society already. These frivolous fear of gays (WITHOUT ANY SINGLE SCIENTIFIC BASIS!) are simply baseless and are simply stemming from the conformist stereotypical mainstream society's view. Denying the gays the right to marry (for they probably have more love and less like to divorce anyways) simply manifests itself from subtle stereotypical view towards gays, even if you don't want to admit it.  Discriminating against gays is completely analogus to any other form of discrimination of any RACE, or even GENDER. Just because they physically look different, act different, think differently DOES NOT make them inferior. ONLY a criminal would do so.  This great nation generously help the disabled, and the mentally retarded. We have special access, special privileges, and special facillities for these people so they can have the same opportunities as everybody else. And besides that gays are as intelligent and as abled in every intellectual as straights. Any supposedly "disabled" abilities of gays are purely the result of social pressure and phobias. If we do do our best helping disabled , why not help gay people achieve equality too? And of course everyone knows that disabled and mentally retarded people are that way because of nature(They didn't become disabled because it's cool to!) and there should be no denial into the genetic factors behind gays, AND so WHY favor some biogenetic factor over others??  How can we truly live up our meaning of freedom and equality for all if we turn a blind eye on a GROUP of citizens? I apologize if this post offended anyone.