I think everyone in this blog is missing the point of emergency contraception.  It does NOT cause an abortion.  Because that fact seems to get so easily confused, let me explain how pregnancy and conception work.  After intercourse that ends in ejaculation, sperm cells may live in the very hospitable environment of the vagina for about 5 days.  If there are sperm still living in the vagina during the time of ovulation it is very probable that a pregnancy will occur.  What the morning after pill does is prevent the egg from being released therefore preventing pregnancy or prevent a fertilized egg from implantation in the uterus where it would THEN begin to mature.  This IS NOT an abortion!  With that logic, everyone that takes the birth control is instigating one indefinately long abortion, which they clearly are not doing.  Furthermore, the point of emergency contraception is not to be a primary source of birth control in the first place.  A fully functioning condom used properly is more effective than EC, but sometimes the condom comes off, breaks, or "little spermies get out" for whatever reason, opening the door to an unwanted pregnancy by responsible sex-havers.  Another scenario is a rape/date-rape situation where sex was not planned.  It is unfair to the rape victim as well as the bastard child that results from the unwanted pregnancy.  Lastly, I know there will be a situation in which one of these bloggers will get caught up in the passionate moment and omit protection.  I'm not excusing irresponsibility, but why risk the pregnancy if there is a safe, non-abusable form of contraception that could eliminate the unwanted consequence?  It's fine to criticize EC's use from a seperated vantage, but wait until you or your partner is panicking because the condom broke, and try to tell me you wouldn't want an easily available solution that ultimately PREVENTS abortion if that is the last resort for an unwanted pregnancy.  I honostly don't see where a debate against this medication stems from other than ignorance, but consider yourselves educated now.  The only safe sex is abstinence...  Love, Rob