I wasnt able to be in class today, as Ms. Clark already knows, but i do want to participate in the "discussion". On the issue of same sex marriage, I support the legality of it. Whether or not i agree with it morally has nothing to do with my decision. My decision is based on the constitutionality: our country takes pride in the freedoms we are guranteed as American citizens, many of which we take advantage of daily. However, with the Civil Rights Act of 1960, it is unconstitutional to descriminate based on race, national origin, or SEX (which for me, includes sexual preference). How can we stand by our constitution and the freedoms it gives us if it is not used to give these freedoms equally to ALL citizens? Along with that, even since the first colonists, separation from church and state has been established. Thus, even if it is morally wrong based on your religious creed, it is not justification for its illegality. I understand both sides. I see where religious arguments can come into play and how morals effect our ways of thinking, but we must see past that...we must see is it constitutional? And does it provide equal freedom to all U.S. citizens? ANALOGY  On the issue of Pat Tillman...i think i'm a little more conservative. Yes, he did a great thing, and he SHOULD be remembered because of his bravery and giving up everything he has here at home. But I think it is insulting to all those other soldiers fighting for the same reasons, but getting no recognition just because they arent pro-football players or millionaires...they also are giving up a great deal to be fighting overseas. They're giving up their families, their children, if they're in the reserves, their jobs (even though theyre not highly public jobs)...theyre giving up just as much as he is, yet are quickly forgotten. How is this fair? What are we as Americans supposed to tell the other soldiers' families when they die in action? they werent famous? they arent as brave as Pat Tillman was? NO! I DO think it is important that we remember him. Maybe we should name the stadium after him. But i think to be fair and equal, we must also give recognition to the other men fighting overseas. The issue of Pat TIllman is like group projects. Everyone does (or SHOULD do)their own part, working hard and diligently, but then when the time comes to present, the speaker of the group gets all the recognition and everyone else's hard work is quickly dismissed. That should not be the case here. Pat Tillman, although a well-known hero, was part of a team. He did his part, along the sides of many other brave men. When the time comes, which it has, shouldn't all the men get recognized for their hard work?   Well, that's my little argument that i WOULD have discussed in the discussion had i been there. Dont fret, i WILL be at school on Monday!  Kailie