         It's Sunday and lucky me has another day off. Yep, that's right, I have Monday off and it isn't even Labor Day yet. That's what I get because I have to work Friday and Saturday nights this weekend. But I've had a good weekend so far...  Greg came up from Lexington on Saturday afternoon and then we went to a wedding shower for Shelley and Dustin. Yeah, that's grown up. Almost all the people there were couples - I know, I was there with Greg. But most of the couples were married. And two of the couples had kids, one who is 3 years old and his parents are my age. A bunch of random people from high school made my past and future worlds collide for me. A the talk of a 5-year high school reunion made me momentarily wonder what kind of time warp I was in. Then I realized that my life is a bunch of realizations, the most current being how much I have changed - since high school, during college, since yesterday. Then this guy who I had known for all of 30 minutes asked me, with Greg sitting on the couch next to me, when Greg and I were getting married. Greg and I looked at each other before I bluntly said, "What kind of question is that?" He said, "A personal one." Yep, he's right. And it was awkward, but Greg and I got a good laugh at it.   Today I went to church with Greg. Shelley and Dustin were there, too. The sermon was on suffering and how pain makes us stronger, if we let it. God isn't the God of evil, but the God who allows us to endure the struggles in life. It's a hopeful thought. The preacher said the only thing worse than being disappointed with God is being disappointed without God. It's true. God provides the only hope that is going to transcend our lives. Then while Greg and I were waiting for Kelly, her mom and her sister at Logan's Roadhouse, I read an article about the very same theology topic in the LEO. That's a place I sure wouldn't expect to read about what I had just heard in church, but I liked the theme. But it gets better. When we sat down to eat lunch, Kelly's mom was talking about church and told us about their service. Yep, you guessed it, it was about struggles and how that develops character. Amazing. You think God was trying to tell me something? I'm sure there is some message in it all for me.   I'm reading a suspence novel, A Certain Justice by John T. Lescroart, that my mom recommended. But mixed in with the crime and characters was a piece of wisdom: "People should try for excellence, he said, not perfection, because perfection, after all, was impossible, whereas excellence was occasionally attainable. Something to shoot for."