         It's been a nice weekend involving a lot of hanging out at home, which I wanted.   Saturday I had to cover a press conference at Murray State. It was about how the university's private donations and assets have reached $50 million for the first time in school history. (In other words, MSU knows it has had some bad press lately, thanks to some basketball players getting arrested and no state budget, why not toot its own horn when there's something good to report. Well, that's probably only partially true. But that's sort of how I felt about it when I was there yesterday.) Anyway, then Greg and I went out to his parents' house for a picnic at our of their ponds. The boys went fishin' and I hung out with Peggy, Angela, her mom and Elijah and got some sun. Not that I want to be sunburned, but it's refreshing to know it's warm enough to get burned. My nose and shoulders got the best of it. Last night we went to Paducah with Jaclyn and Bryan to celebrate his birthday at Outback. It was yummy, especially the Bloomin' Onion. Then we went to the mall for a bit and Books-A-Million, where I found a fun toy for work. But only because I'm a nerd do I think magnetic poetry is going to be fun at my metal desk. (I do realize I just wrote that I've enjoyed my time at home this weekend, then went on to tell about how I spent most of Saturday not at home. Still, it was relaxing and didn't involve much effort.)  This morning I woke up at my regular too-early-for-a-weekend hour, ate breakfast and then returned to the bed and slept until 9:30. It was fabulous. Then we went to church and out to lunch with Brandon. I've spent this afternoon folding clothes, washing clothes, cleaning up around here, making a CD...  And I think I frustrate Greg on days like this because he's not good at sticking around the house doing odds and ends when it's beautiful outside. Granted, it would be a great day to do something outside. Still, after the busy week I had, I'm in the mood to just hang out. He'd like to play golf, but I don't think he can find anybody to go with him and decided to settle for flipping between two golf tournaments on TV.   So the Cardinals had the bases loaded with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning, when they were down three runs this afternoon. Albert Pujols comes to the plate, fouls several pitches. The commentators rattle off all these statistics about how Pujols has a better batting average so far this season (Yes, it's only April.) when he's behind in the count and how he's clutch with the bases loaded. He hits the ball far and hard, Cardinals fans cheer more than they already were, thinking he just hit a grand slam for the win...  The Rockies outfielder reaches up and catches it at the wall. Six more inches, if that, and it was gone.   Good thing it's only April and the Reds beat the Cubs in 10 innings today. I think it's easier to be into baseball when it's warm outside. I mean, it's hard to appreciate the boys of summer when it's snowing outside like it did here Tuesday. Yes, it snowed and I got sunburned in the same week in the same town.