         Today was a country music on the radio day when I was driving to work. First I heard a song I like, but I don't know how sings it or what it's called. But there's a great line in it:  It's a great day to be alive. I know the sun still shines when I close my eyes.  Then I heard the Dixie Chicks "I Can Love You Better." Then I heard one of the best songs I have heard in a long time - "Where Were You (When the World Stopped Turning)" by Alan Jackson. It's about Sept. 11. And I was pleasantly surprised it didn't get cheesy. I know that sounds terrible, but the lyrics were consistently great through the whole thing. Now I just need to figure out how to get a hold of that song. I'll probably recruit Greg to download it for me. Here are the lyrics:   Where were you when the world stop turning on that September day Were you in the yard with your wife and children Or working on some stage in L.A. Did you stand there in shock at the sight of that black smoke  Rising against that blue sky Did you shout out in anger, in fear for your neighbor Or did you just sit down and cry  Did you weep for the children who lost their dear loved ones And pray for the ones who don't know Did you rejoice for the people who walked from the rubble And sob for the ones left below Did you burst out in pride for the red, white and blue And the heroes who died just doin' what they do Did you look up to heaven for some kind of answer And look at yourself and what really matters  I'm just a singer of simple songs I'm not a real political man I watch CNN but I'm not sure I could Tell you the difference in Iraq and Iran But I know Jesus and I talk to God And I remember this from when I was young Faith, hope and love are some good things He gave us And the greatest is love  Where were you when the world stop turning on that September day Teaching a class full of innocent children Or driving down some cold interstate Did you feel guilty 'cause you're a survivor In a crowded room did you feel alone Did you call up your mother and tell her you loved her Did you dust off that Bible at home  Did you open your eyes, hope it never happened And you close your eyes and not go to sleep Did you notice the sunset the first time in ages Or speak to some stranger on the street Did you lay down at night and think of tomorrow Go out and buy you a gun Did you turn off that violent old movie you're watchin' And turn on "I Love Lucy" reruns  Did you go to a church and hold hands with some strangers Stand in line and give your own blood Did you just stay home and cling tight to your family Thank God you had somebody to love  I'm just a singer of simple songs I'm not a real political man I watch CNN but I'm not sure I could Tell you the difference in Iraq and Iran But I know Jesus and I talk to God And I remember this from when I was young Faith, hope and love are some good things He gave us And the greatest is love   I like the way the details illustrate the tension between griefing and hoping. The lyrics are just how I feel about so much of this stuff. And I have always loved the idea that faith, hope and love are good things from God, but love is the greatest. I once heard someone say that's because when we get to heaven we don't need faith and hope anymore. Seeing God won't require faith because we'll be living at the throne of God. And eternal life won't just be our hope, it will be our existence in the presence of God. But love is the greatest because God is love.   You can listen to   the song  too.  New subject: Kelly came over for lunch today. Yum, grilled cheeses. Then we played canasta (yes, the old people card game) and just talked about our dreamy way in the future plans, our more immediate future clear-as-mud plans, silly stuff and serious stuff. It was just good girl time, laughing and talking about everything and nothing. I miss that about college - the proximity that graded on my nerves and held me up.