         "  A Beautiful Mind " is one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen. It made me want to cry and laugh at the same time, and I wish I would have had a notebook with me because I can't remember all the great quotes I told myself as I heard them that I wanted to remember them. In the movie, John Nash's wife talks about how God must be a painter because of all the colors in the world. Later John Nash gives her an incredible prism that reflects all the possible colors. Being the mathematician he is, John Nash says he doesn't believe in luck, but rather believes in assigning value to things. He wants proof for everything but realizes that some things have to be felt with the heart and not reasoned in the mind.   Here's the song that I was repeating in my car this afternoon and now is repeating itself in my head:   each time you'd pull down the driveway i wasn't sure when i would see you again yours was a twisted blind sided highway no matter which road you took then oh you set up your place in my thoughts moved in and made my thinking crowded now we're out in the back with the barking dogs my heart the red sun your heart the moon clouded i could go crazy on a night like tonight when summer's beginning to give up her fight and every thought's a possibility and the voices are heard but nothing is seen why do you spend this time with me maybe an equal mystery  so what is love then is it dictated or chosen (handed down and made by hand) does it sing like the hymns of 1000 years or is it just pop emotion (handed down and made by hand) and if it ever was there and it left does it mean it was never true and to exist it must elude is that why i think these things of you i could go crazy on a night like tonight when summer's beginning to give up her fight and every thought's a possibility and the voices are heard but nothing is seen why do you spend this time with me may be an equal mystery  but you like the taste of danger it shines like sugar on your lips and you like to stand in the line of fire just to show you can shoot straight from you hip there must be a 1000 things you would die for i can hardly think of two but not everything is better spoken aloud not when i'm talking to you  oh the pirate gets the ship and the girl tonight breaks a bottle to christen her basking in the exploits of her thief she's a very good listener maybe that's all that we need is to meet in the middle of impossibility we're standing at opposite poles equal partners in a mystery (handed down and made by hand)  we're standing at opposite poles equal partners in a mystery  -Indigo Girls "Mystery"  I'm wearing this great shirt that Cara made me for Christmas. It has a collage that illustrates our friendship. (Well, she made the collage on a computer scanner and this iron-on material, not the actual shirt!) And for the about 13 years of friendship, she did pretty well simplifying it. There's also this great quote on it from "My So-Called Life," which unfortunately didn't stay on the air too long.   ...there's the people you've known forever. Who like...know you...in this way. That other people can't. Because they've seen you change. They've let you change.