         I'm eating an apple - a green apple - this morning 'cause I need to go grocery shopping desperately. Only a few slices of bread left, no milk, no orange juice, no waffles. That limits the breakfast options. Good think I had exactly one cup of sugar left to make Kool-Aid.   I've had some requests to update this, and normally my excuse would be that I don't have anything to say, which is actually never true, but I've had a great last few days, so I can come up with plenty to say right now.  Last night at work I re-read most of my past entries. A new friend (well, familiar stranger might be a better desciption) prompted me to want to read the randomness of the last several months of my life. It gives perspective on how much my attitude has changed, just in the last few weeks.  It snowed here today. A co-worker actually said the roads and sidewalks were slippery, more so walking across the street from the parking lot than anything else. But they weren't that bad when Lori and walked out of work at 12:30 a.m. Lori's car had lots of ice on it, but mine had almost none. So, using out matching ice scrapers - hers is blue, mine is red - I helped her while my car warmed up.   I'm a typcial Kentucky driver - I get tense when snow and ice are on the road. The only time I remember being really tense when I was driving that didn't involve snow or ice was the time in college when some friends and I were coming back from a Dave Matthews concert in Nashville. It was about 1 a.m. and I was driving through Land Between the Lakes and there were so many deer. I know the damage a deer can do to a car, and vice versa.   Christmas was good. My dad, Cassie and I went to see "The Majestic" on Christmas Eve while Kevin and my mom were at work. Then I just hung out home during the evening before my mom, Cassie and I went to midnight Mass. It's a little disappointing that, like most everything else my family does, our Christmas activities were segregated. But at least we were all together with some other relatives on Christmas day. My grandpa seemed to be doing OK, too. I just can't even begin to imagine how he's felt during the holidays without his wife of 55 years. Outwardly, he's holding up. Plus, my aunt and uncle from Wyoming have been in town for a week or so, and are staying another week or so. And my aunt and uncle from Canada will be here this weekend.  I got some practical gifts - a waffle maker, money, a neat floor lamp, a stereo, some clothes (including the garment that usually dictates when I do laundry, so now I can prolong it) - that will make my life and apartment even better. I say even better because, probably like much of America, I did my share of thinking about how blessed I really am - presents or not.  Speaking of this weekend, Jaclyn and Greg are coming into town and we're having a party at my apartment for New Year's. It'll be good to have our group of college friends (many who live in Louisville now) plus some other random friends from here together. It's the third year we've had a party - all conveniently at my parents' house or now my apartment - so it's a fun tradition we've got going. Louisville seems to service as a somewhat central location, so we're all hoping we can do something like this for a long time. But I won't get into the whole growing up, changing thing right now. I've about worn that topic out.  Funny story: (well, at least I think it's funny.) On Christmas Cassie and I went to get some beer and wine for my family. My aunt and uncle wanted wine and my uncle, grandpa and brother wanted beer. (SIDE COMMENT: Kevin doesn't need beer. He recently got his license back after the DUI he got in July. Now, to his defense, he was barely intoxicated, according to the breath test. BUT he's 19, there's no tolerance for drinking and driving - a measure I totally support. Anyway, I can't believe my mom said it was OK for him to drink a couple of beers, based on previous circumstances. OK, better at home than somewhere else, but still...) So, Cassie and I drive to Walgreens on Westport Road. (For those of you unfamiliar with Louisville, that's in wet Jefferson County about 20 minutes from our house in dry Oldham County.) Turns out they don't sell liquor. We both thought they did, but apparently we were wrong. So we drove about a block to a Rite-Aid, which advertised its liquor sales on the sign outside the door. We picked out two bottles of wine, beer, a Coke and some electrical tape (Cassie was leaving for a soccer tournament in Florida a few hours later and electrical tape serves as tap to wrap her foot. Yeah, I know, who knew?) and took them on the counter. Then the cashier said asked for both of our IDs. Well, Cassie's 18, you know, so her ID was pointless at this point. I gave her mine and she said she needed both of them because we were both in the store. The manager came over and more harshly said he couldn't sell the wine and beer to us because we both had to be 21. Whatever. That's retarded. He went into all of this crap about losing his license...blah, blah, blah. So, we abruptly left all of the stuff on the counter and just walked away. I was sort of being rude, but nothing compared to Cassie, who shouted "Rite-Aid is bullshit" on our way out the door. The manager said, "And you all have a nice day too." We waited until we got back to the car and laughed for a long time, basically all the way down the Gene Snyder and to U.S. 42 in Prospect, where we found two open liquor stores. Now, my family is not made up of alcoholics, but I was feeling like the wine and beer were totally not necessary, probably because I don't like either. Regardless, Cassie stayed in the car at the liquor store and I was super nice the nice old man in there. Not that Rite-Aid knew, but it seemed to balance out the situation or something. So, then I called my mom on the way home to make sure we weren't missing Christmas dinner. We had been gone longer than anybody probably expected us to be. Thankfully, the turkey was still cooking. But I told her the story, not knowing Kevin was on the phone, too. As soon as I finished he said, "Kristin, it's always like that in liquor stores." Well, I count on one hand the number of alcoholic drinks I've had, so I'm not exactly familiar with the liquor store practices. I'm still convinced Rite-Aid would have sold my mom the wine and beer had she walked in there, even with Cassie next to her. The manager and cashier said otherwise. I don't believe them. But it made for a good story and Cassie and I laughed - many times.  OK, Kelly and I are going to see "A Beautiful Mind" before I go to work this afternoon, so I need to go get ready. Even more so, I need to wake up. It's almost noon and I would really rather be back in my bed, underneath the two blankets - one of which is my comfy T-shirt quilt - and my T-shirt sheets. But it's good for me to be social before I return to high school basketball scores.