         OK, it's Monday, so avid readers of my blog (alright, so maybe there is no such thing...) are predicting that if I went to Lexington, I'm going to talk about going to church at Southland and how much I love Mike Breaux.  And, guess what, you non-existent avid readers are right. (I guess if they don't really exist, they can't be right, but that's not the point.) Yes, I went to see Greg for part of the day, postponing his studying for finals by several hours. And Southland was  so  great. Right now the church is starting this three-year fund-raising campaign. To visiting people who are familiar with the church but don't belong, such a subject could get really old really fast. Well, not with Mike Breaux preaching.  He's amazing. He can preach on sacrificing financially in such a way that you want to listen, then he leads you into this deeper message that I totally believe is from God about sacrificing yourself for God and for others. But preach isn't the right verb. Mike Breaux celebrates who Jesus is to him. And challenges everyone who is listening to do the same. Being a Christian isn't about obeying rules and sitting in the pew for him. It's about loving Jesus with all your heart, all your mind and all your soul. And because that relationship runs deep and anchors his heart, he wants to obey the commands of God in order to see the promises of God.  Yes, I know all of this in the Bible. And Jesus has said all of this for a couple thousand years - to Peter and Paul and to me. But it's so refreshing for me to walk into that church and know that regardless of the prepared sermon, Jesus is going to do at least one thing in my heart. He's going to pull me closer to him, challenge to me to be His for that hour, which leads to that day and into the rest of the week and for lifetime. And you know, I think I'm fortunate enough to get that, to have that constant, unchanging figure in my life. God knows everything else around me is going to change. But what's in my heart is someone who is more steadfast than person will ever been and more forgiving and loving than I could ever ask anyone else to be.  Anyway, so Mike Breaux led this celebration at church Sunday. And while lots of members of that church donated who knows how much money, people like me who were lucky enough to be there just got to be in the presence of God and rest in knowing it only gets better from here. But not only did Mike Breaux preach, but he also led the songs. I love worship there. While it's trendy and production-like with lights, an orchestra pit and screens that remind me of a basketball arena, it seems real to me.   OK, so I just wrote more than anybody wants to read about my church experience yesterday - no, my God experience yesterday. Can you imagine if I'm this excited more than 24 hours after worshipping in a man-made building that actually resembles a gym more than a sanctuary how truly satisfied I'm going to be spending an eternity in heaven at the throne of God, singing and celebrating in a peace that has no time constraints? One time somebody said to imagine the most beautiful place you have ever seen on earth. Now, think, Jesus said He was going to prepare a place for us, and that was almost 2000 years ago. What an amazing place he must be preparing because He hasn't come back to get us yet.