         In many ways, yesterday was as close to perfect as days come, especially in December. Yes, Ryan, I'm going to talk about the weather.   It was 73 degrees in Louisville. Thanks to my friend Lori at The Associated Press, I know that was a record-breaking temperature for Dec. 5 in Louisville. Greg came up here around lunch time and after we ate tuna sandwiches, we went to Seneca Park and threw the Frisbee. I actually got sweaty, which is something I really don't enjoy unless it is December and it makes me forget it could theoretically snow tomorrow. Then we went exploring near this creek in Seneca, well, maybe Cherokee Park. (They run together back there and I honestly don't know which is which. But that's not the point.) It was really peaceful and just a great day to be outside. Later, I cooked dinner - chicken fingers, green beans, corn and rolls. That's pretty much a real meal in my eyes.   After dinner we went to Sarah's for her ornament making party, which was actually fun although it sounds totally way too grown up. We all just unloaded our craft supplies and got creative. Too bad a few of the people there were actually artistic. Lori and I made snowmen out of Styrofoam balls. Except for burning myself with the hot glue gun, I had a great time being with my friends. We never really have time to get together like that, so it's always fun when we do. Although, sort of contrary to that never getting together remark, we are having a graduation party for Cara next Wednesday at my apartment. I'm glad my friends are open to having get togethers on Wednesdays. They definitely don't have to cater to my schedule, but I like it that they consider it.   I'm being spoiled, though. I went to Lexington for the whole day on Sunday. Greg came up here yesterday and stayed until about noon today. I'm going to Lexington this Sunday for church and lunch before Greg returns to studying for his finals. Then he's coming back on Wednesday for Cara's party. Do you know how great that is to me?