         I actually had a "normal" weekend, meaning I didn't have to work. Greg spent the whole weekend with me. We went to the rehearsal dinner for Shelley and Dustin's wedding on Friday. Then their wedding was on Saturday afternoon. It was nice, but it does make me a little sad Shelley is moving to Indianapolis. It has been fun to have her around the last couple months since I have been back in Louisville. They are my closest friends who have gotten married, which is slightly strange and much to grown-up. I didn't get to see a few people from high school that I enjoyed seeing. A guy I have known since first grade who moved from Oldham County my junior year was there. He works as an architect for the city in Cincinnati. That means he's working on the expanded riverfront park, and I'm sure other cool things. What a great job! I love those parks. Too bad there are riots in the city.  In the next year I am in two more weddings of close friends -- Katie Peter and Jaclyn. Katie's is in April and Jaclyn's in is June. My cousin Allison is getting married Memorial Day weekend in Atlanta. Gosh, all these weddings aren't necessarily good for someone like me, who tends to let her mind wander.   Anyway, I slept in both days and just enjoyed the weekend. Today Greg and I watched football, hung out with my family for my grandma's birthday and went to Waterfront Park. Compared to the last school year and the summer, Greg and I are spoiled with all the time we get to spent together. But as long as we appreciate it, it's OK. I'm sure not going to complain.  I got the new   Caedmon's Call  CD today. The music is beautiful. And because I ordered it from the Internet, I got a bonus CD that is pretty good itself. And Greg brought me a not-so-legal copy of   Andrew Peterson's  new CD. All this great new music and my CD player in my car doesn't really want to work. I might need to take care of that.   ...We were really crushed and overwhelmed, and feared we would never live through it. We felt we were doomed to die and saw how powerless we were to help ourselves; but that was good, for then we put everything into the hands of God, who alone could save us, for he can even raise the dead.  -2 Corinthians 1:8-9   Dependence is not defeat, but constant contact. It is realizing that our source of truth and power is God and then keeping in touch with him.  -from the notes in my Bible with the above verse.