         this morning greg called and woke me up, we chatted... then he said something was suppose to be delivered to my apartment, and i should check to see if it was there. i did. lucky me, i had a box of flowers waiting for me. of course, i only discovered this after i decided, yeah, he sounded weird on the phone, but i'm sure it would be worth getting out of bed for. oh, and after i found my glasses. so i turned to go back inside my apartment, and greg walks around the corner. he had called me on a cell phone. oh, the cell phone he borrowed from his roommate. he is totally better than the beautiful tulips that are sitting in the blender on the kitchen table. blender? yeah, i didn't have a vase and the portion of the blender works fine.  so my heart was beating fast and i hugged greg for a long, long time. i didn't say much. it was the morning, and i don't talk too much in the morning. plus i was just enjoying hugging him.  then he gave me a letter. it was amazing, really. he said totally wonderful things about me, about our relationship and what God was going to do in our relationship. it was a reminder of why i love him. so, half way through reading the letter, i realize what's going on. i hurried through the last half, totally not even retaining what i'm reading, which is slightly ridiculous because it was such a beautiful letter. so, he's watching me. and when i look at him when i'm basically finished reading, he's kneeling on the floor, so cute between my couch and coffee table. i don't give him time to say anything, and i totally hug him. then he said, wait, i have something to ask.   yeah, he asked me to marry him when i finally gave him room to breathe.   i said yes.  well, actually i paused and just looked at him, fell more in love with him, and then said yes.  we had a perfect day together. it was a peaceful sign from God that this is right, that He's in this.   oh, so, august 3. yes, that is this coming august 3. that's six months from now. but that's about all we know so far. it was good for me, the anal, perfectionist planner, to just enjoy greg today and not clutter my head with plans, although, i'm sure that part will come soon, well, at least it probably has to.   i'm so glad greg woke me up this morning. and one of my favorite parts: it was wednesday, january 23. it wasn't christmas, or valentine's day, or even february 7, which is when we met four years ago. no, january 23, a better day than any in my life.