         I have been wanting to write a poem since my grandma died. That was Oct. 14. And I'm just now feeling like I have something to say, and laundry, of all things, prompted some creativity.  THE MCADAM HOUSE  It's a chore, really, carrying an overflowing pink laundry basket with a stuffed blue laundry bag on top into Poppy's house. Once inside I forget it's 37 degrees outside because the 74 degrees inside is a bit overwhelming. Heading straight from the back door through the family room, I plop the basket and bag on the floor, invariably losing a sock or wash cloth on the way.  Whites, darks, towels and maybe a pile of red/purple/brown -  as Poppy watches my routine every other week, he still stares, probably wondering how one person can dirty this many clothes, use this many towels.  Reruns of L.A. Law and M.A.S.H fill an otherwise quiet house and Poppy always offers me a leftover Krispy Kreme. He sits in his recliner  and I sit in the chair that reminds me of Nanny. A few weeks before she died in October, she rested in that chair while Poppy napped in his. While I drifted in and out of sleep on the nearby couch, I thought about their 55 years together - building a home raising a family loving.  Laundromats are sometimes too cluttered for a place that stands for cleanliness. There people come and go,  telling new stories, seeing new strangers. Here I wash my clothes in the cleanest place possible. Here I dry my towels in the comfort of home. Here I fold my T-shirts in the place of old stories: my favorite cheesey potatoes on the Christmas dinner table the perfect cinnamon toast for breakfast games of Bingo for dimes,  or quarters if the grandkids were lucky the worn pencils, crossword puzzles  and a dictionary on the kitchen table and the 5-inch TV showing the Wildcats in black and white.  Four loads later I always leave with more than my basket and bag, and the leftover food,  or the small kitchen appliance Poppy swears he'll never use, or the books or games that he says he doesn't need anymore. With Poppy's generosity  and strength to love life despite Nanny's absence, laundry becomes less a chore and more a reminder my family shares more than a name, and for that my heart and life are blessed.