         This morning - well, this afternoon - I stared at the butterfly picture Jaclyn gave me for Christmas that's hanging in my bathroom. The quote about change on it was rather appropriate for my state of mind:   Change is the essence of life. Be willing to surrender what you are, for what you could become.   I build walls around my heart when change comes. I don't accept change like I know I should. I say should because it's part of life, not because anybody expects me to deal with anything a certain way. I'm not the same person I was four years ago. Heck, I'm not the same person I was six months ago, or even a month ago. And in changing, relationships change too. And when they change, I can't sit back and treat every thing like I'm still 18. I also have to remember that I'm not the only one changing. The people I love and respect change too.  Butterflies are an important symbol in my life because they remind of the night I sat in the noise of a sanctuary and the silence of my heart almost exactly six years ago (Martin Luther King weekend of 1996) and promised God I would surrender my life and heart to Him. I've done my best to keep that promise. And when I let Him down, He forgives me without hesitation. When I let myself and others down, I completely lose sight of grace, even when others are standing with open arms, waiting for me to accept their forgiveness. If the Creator of the universe - every last drop of water in the ocean and every hair on my head - can forgive me, why can't I do the same?   Butterflies don't start as things of beauty. They start out virtually helpless, having to completely transform into beauty. The transformation isn't something they have control over, it's part of nature, part of their purpose on earth.   I'm going to change. My family is going to change. The people who know me the best are going to change. The people I know the best are going to change. Friendships are going to change. Relationships are going to change. But change doesn't have to be bad. If I let it, I bet it can be the most refreshing moments of my life. And I might as well let it because I'm going to be transformed over and over again and am only going to break my own heart trying to remain a caterpillar. Butterflies really are more beautiful.