           I am loving the weather. Sometimes people resort to talking about weather when there isn't anything else to say. I'm talking about the weather because I love it. I am so ready to wear sweaters. This morning it was actually chilly when I got in my car to go to work. And I don't have to have my air conditioner on -- in my apartment or my car. But the sun has still been shining and I sweated a little when I played tennis yesterday. Really, this is a happy medium I'm content with.  I read lots of articles today about how people flocked to churches yesterday to pray for our nation. It's too bad it took a tragedy to bring people back to God. But that's just one of the many ways God is showing his goodness in the midst of evil. He's good at doing that. It all goes back to the verse that broke my heart one night when I was a junior in high school:    And we know that in all things God works for the good of those who love him, who have been called according to his purpose. -Romas 8:28   And the song that God used to speak to me one weekend in January of 1996, the weekend he changed my life:   Oh God, You are my God  And I will ever praise You  Oh God, You are my God  And I will ever praise You   I will seek You in the morning  And I will learn to walk in Your ways  And step by step You'll lead me  And I will follow You all of my days  -Rich Mullins   OK, I want to share some of the things from church yesterday. I went to St. John United Methodist Church, where Kelly McClendon preaches. He said some wise things when I'm sure many people needed to hear them:  "These attacks are  not  the will of God. In a world of free choices, his will is rarely done. God weeps with us. Don't blame God. Blame the people who didn't listen to God. They didn't love their neighbor."  "When people choose to do evil, sometimes innocent people get hurt. That's part of our freedom to choose. If he (God) took that away, we wouldn't be his children anymore; we'd be his puppets. He could move us like a pawn in a chess game. But he doesn't want a pawn, he wants children."  "Jesus said love your enemy. People who choose evil think the darkness is their friend. The evil isn't the person, but the darkness they cling to."  "For our souls are God's, but we'll lay down our bodies for our friends. Whether we live of die, we belong to God."  And, on a side note, the verse on my calendar today was rather appropriate:   If you really keep the royal law found in scripture, "Love your neighbor as yourself," you are doing right. -James 2:8