         I BOUGHT MY WEDDING DRESS TODAY! ok, pardon the capital letters....i'm excited. and i guess technically i didn't buy my dress today. actually, my mom paid for part of it today. but it is chosen. and, for what it is worth, we got a good deal. but i can't talk about it on here because greg reads this and i'm all about him not hearing about it or seeing it until aug. 3 when the doors in the back of the church open. yes, that means we're taking some pictures after the ceremony. don't worry, though, we'll be fast.  moving on to other subjects... i'm glad   ryan  decided to update the virtual version of his life. makes me feel better about linking you people to him. and it really is too bad he and ann forgot to eat some rice krispy treats.   so i speak to you in riddles 'cause my words get in my way.  -staind "epiphany"  ok, you know those songs i repeat in my car and in my head? here's the latest:  Put on my blue suede shoes And I boarded the plane Touched down in the land of the Delta Blues In the middle of the pouring rain W. C. Handy - won't you look down over me Yeah I got a first class ticket But I'm as blue as a boy can be  Then I'm walking in Memphis Walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale Walking in Memphis But do I really feel the way I feel  Saw the ghost of Elvis On Union Avenue Followed him up to the gates of Graceland Then I watched him walk right through Now security they did not see him They just hovered 'round his tomb But there's a pretty little thing Waiting for the King Down in the Jungle Room  Then I'm walking in Memphis Walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale Walking in Memphis But do I really feel the way I feel  They've got catfish on the table They've got gospel in the air And Reverend Green be glad to see you When you haven't got a prayer But boy you've got a prayer in Memphis  Now Muriel plays piano Every Friday at the Hollywood And they brought me down to see her And they asked me if I would Do a little number And I sang with all my might And she said "Tell me are you a Christian child?" And I said "Ma'am I am tonight"  Then I'm walking in Memphis Walking with my feet ten feet off of Beale Walking in Memphis But do I really feel the way I feel  Put on my blue suede shoes And I boarded the plane Touched down in the land of the Delta blues In the middle of the pouring rain Touched down in the land of the Delta blues In the middle of the pouring rain  -Marc Cohn "Walking in Memphis"