         i don't update all weekend and my readers go crazy.  ok, that's not true. but   laura  did mention my lack of posting. at least one person cares.  i had a good weekend. greg came into town. i like coming home from work and having him here. i guess that'll happen more often after aug. 3, huh? we ate lunch with my grandpa and mom then watched the oh-so lovely kentucky game on saturday. then my favorite player has to go get in some scuffle with some other player who never plays on the plane ride back from georgia. go figure. anyway, back to my weekend. (gosh, i babble.) saturday night was frustrating at work - the company was far from my favorite and my computer freaked out around midnight and i hadn't saved what i was working on so i had to finish that before i left.  i'm going to start a new paragraph for sunday because it's worth its own paragraph. jaclyn and bryan went to church with greg and i. i've decided to go back to the church i spent most of high school going to, but that requires getting up too early for my taste. why would they have the more contemporary service early? that's never made much sense to me. but i always feel good once i get out of the bed and make it there. God reminds me of the hugest (is that a word?) sacrifice he made for me (and you), and that makes getting out of bed before 9 a.m. seem irrelevant. so, i love when jaclyn gets to visit. this visit was definitely too short, but it was better than nothing. then   ryan  and his girlfriend ann came over for lunch - hamburgers on the george foreman grill. it was good to see them. it's funny, jaclyn and ryan often come into town the same weekend. then greg and i just hung out at my apartment. but i got in this super sensitive mood and started getting all worried about future career stuff. but i got over it.  i seriously need to remember the one verse that totally opened my eyes to God in the first place:  and we know that in all things God works for the good of those who live him, who have been called according to his purpose.  -romans 8:28  ok, so i also want to talk about church itself, not just my social life on sunday. the church is doing a series on the ten commandments. well, it was No. 6 this week - do not murder. the sermon was surprisingly appropriate. kelly (he's the minister) talked about how it's not just about maliciously killing someone, which is what the hebrew word means there, it's about valuing life. (side note: kelly said there are nine hebrew words that translate into "kill," and it's important to know the sixth commandment doesn't apply to the words that relate to capital punishment or self-defense, among other situations.) anyway, kelly talked about how our attitudes are shown in our actions. and God wants us to be kind and compassionate toward people. to be that way, it has to begin in our hearts. gosh, my heart sometimes isn't a compassionate place. sometimes people frustrate me so much that i think less than kind thoughts about them. and while that's far from "murdering" someone, it's definitely not valuing their life - which is a sacred gift from God. my greatest enemy was created in the image of God. just as i was. and you were. why would i insult the creator by insulting his work?  today i hung out with my mom before i came to work. well, first i slept late, which was so great. then she and i went to the Y and worked out for an hour. it wore me out and energized me at the same time. and it made me feel good about myself because i sure had been feeling like a bum.  tomorrow lori and i actually have plans to work out at the gym at her apartment at 9 a.m. yeah, you read that right. i'm not sure what we're thinking. we have this big plan tomorrow to work out, then go to lunch and a movie -  all before she has to be at work at 3:30. we're silly, but i think we're going through withdrawls because we haven't hung out in awhile. i'm off so i should have time in the afternoon to get some other things done, like maybe find a reception place or do some laundry. i took a personal day so i could take my brother to the UofL basketball game. that should be fun. then i'm off wednesday like normal. two days off in a row, it's a minor miracle. and thursday i suppose to go to lexington to get a how-to-write-a-game-story lesson from our sports writer there. that means three days in a row out of the office, two of which i'm getting paid for. lovely. goodness, my hopes are all up, so i sure hope everything works out.   i've been working a lot tonight because i wanted to get stuff done that i usually do later in the week because i'm not going to be here. now, that's responsible, and slightly overachieving. ok, back to scores.