         yep, i'm bored. hence the frequent posting. so here's the lyrics to one of the most beautiful songs i know. bebo norman is the best. and i just found out he's on tour with third day this spring. third day is really great in concert. well, they are really great, period, but especially in concert. good thing they are coming to louisville. yay! ok, that's april. but for now, i'm going to enjoy this song that bebo wrote for his sister's wedding (right? or brother's wedding...). regardless, it's one of those that has been played repeatedly in my car.   A page is turned by the wind to a boy in curly grin With a world to conquer at the age of ten But as history unfolds and the storybook is told He finds salvation but not at the hands of man  And the God of second chance Picked him up and He let him dance Through a world that is not kind And all this time, preparing him, the one To hold him up when he comes undone Beneath the storm, beneath the sun And now a man, here you stand Your day has come  A page is turned in this world to reveal a little girl With a heart that's bigger, as it is unfurled By the language in her soul, that's teaching her to grow With a careful cover of love that will not fail  And the God of second chance Picked her up and He let her dance Through a world that isn't kind And all this time, preparing her the one To hold her up when she comes undone Beneath the storm, beneath the sun And grown up tall, here you are Your day has come  Beneath the air of autumn, she took him by his hand And warm within the ardor, she took his heart instead And high upon the mountain, he asked her for her hand Just for her hand  A page is turned in this life, he's making her his wife And there is no secret to the source of this much life When the grace that falls like rain is washing them again Just a chance to somehow rise above this land  Where the God of second chance Will pick them up and he'll let them dance Through a world that is not kind And all this time, they're sharing with the one That holds them up when they come undone Beneath the storm, beneath the sun And once again, here you stand And once again, here you stand Your day has come  -Bebo Norman "A Page is Turned"