         i don't really like valentine's day. but i like knowing greg and i went out on our first day four years ago today. (we've decided to call if first-date day.) that seems like yesterday, but it also seems like forever ago. we went to get ice cream at baskin robbins. he's so cute. we met on feb. 7, 1998, through a mutual friend. he called a couple of days later and asked what i was doing after lunch on saturday. i said i didn't know what time i was even eating lunch because that all depended on when i got up. regardless, he asked me to go out for ice cream. so we did. then we went to the park and talked for awhile. then he dropped me back off at my dorm room. later that night his grandparents were having their 50th wedding anniversary party (yes, they got married on valentine's day...ah!) across the street from my dorm in the curris center. his family needed a CD player, so he called to ask to borrow mine. i walked it over there. later he called and ended up coming to my dorm room and we stayed up all night talking. i remember it all so clearly, even the part about being so tired the next day when my mom was in town to visit me. i told her a boy took me out for ice cream the day before. she didn't seem too excited. but i bet she didn't think four years later i would be engaged to the boy who took me out for ice cream. of course, i didn't either. but i like that i am.  so, back to valentine's day. while it's far, far from favorite holiday, i'm not bitter about it. tonight i'm working with two guys. i brought in some cupcakes with those great candy conversation hearts on top. josh told me he wanted to blow them up. the other guy, who really is the most bitter, cold person i know, didn't acknowledge them. goodness, just eat a cupcake. if lori were here, she'd appreciate them.  i went to lexington yesterday to celebrate first-date day with greg. (ok, so i would have gone yesterday whether it was the second week in february or not.) he took me to red lobster. it was SO good. those biscuits are the best, and the shrimp i had was awfully tasty. it was pretty great he took me there, considering he doesn't like seafood. but that's what chicken is for. then we watched the kentucky game and a not-so-good TV movie that started sunday night. (yes, i watched it sunday night and the continuation last night. no comments please.)  oh, again, back to valentine's day... (yes, i know the chronology is all messed up!) i got real mail from alexa and jaclyn today. i have some great friends.  "dawson's creek" last night was different. it was all about joey. lots of character development that went deeper than good 'ole kevin williamson usually takes us. ok, i'm totally addicted, i recognize that. i started "glory days" today, but then cara came, so we went out. i'll finish it later, then maybe watch "CSI," which had a totally intriguing preview. at least i don't tape TV shows EVERY night. just wednesdays and thursdays.  cara is leaving for mexico sunday. she'll be gone for a month, which is not long but long. yeah, makes sense, i know. i mean, we've hung out quite a bit lately, so i'll miss having her around, but at the same time, she's coming back in the middle of march. what a great trip, though. for her sake, i'm really glad she decided to go. i gave her some pepto-bismol, well, the generic comparison, to take with her, among some other random gifts.  speaking of random, i'm finished babbling for now.