         i left wednesday morning for a whirlwind trip to murray. but it was way worth it. first i ate lunch with jeff in madisonville. then i got to murray earlier than i expected, so i went by the newsroom. yickett was there, so i got to talk to him for a long time. that was a good surprise because he was one of the reasons i stayed around the newspaper my last year. i wanted to quit so bad, but he wouldn't let me. and i'm glad i didn't because my last year at "  the murray state news " turned out to be my favorite. loree stark was slightly overwhelmed, but i walked across the street with her and talked with her while she ate. she's a fun girl, even when she's stressed. then i went to jaclyn's apartment. i love visiting jaclyn. we talked about our weddings a lot - surprise. and she made dinner, too, which was so great because i'm so tired of eating out. i just used "so" twice in the same sentence - that's how serious i am. then we went to MCF, but more on that later. i also got to see   laura , which is always fun. then this morning i visited with greg's mom (my future mother-in-law...how crazy is that?!) for a couple of hours. more wedding talk, and the beginnings of a reception she wants to have in murray a couple of weeks after greg and i get married. that's what happens when you marry a taylor and the wedding isn't in murray...you have to bring some of the festivities to them. the taylors are great - thus the reason they know basically everyone in the town of almost 15,000. maybe it was good for me to see greg's mom - and later dad and grandma - without greg. i think it helped put things into perspective...I'M GETTING MARRIED. so i got back in louisville just in time to drive to my apartment, pack a dinner, get the tape rolling for the two hours of "  CSI " tonight and get to work at precisely 4:30 this afternoon.   (notice the long paragraph, that's how my mind is today...babbly.)  ok, i know i keep saying things like that... but you're going to have to deal with it if you want to be part of my life right now because i'm obviously excited. and i constantly have moments like that, you know, that make me stop and remember where God has brought us and where he's taking us. well, i don't know for sure where he's taking us, but he promises it will be better than i can imagine. and it's a big deal, so face it, until aug. 3, and most likely thereafter, you are going to hear more than you want about the fact that i'm getting married. greg sure is great.  back to what i wanted to say about MCF last night... in the few years i was involved there, i never heard a sermon about hell. last night brian talked about hell. but he didn't just talk about hell like one of those give-all-you-have-to-God-or-you-are-going-hell sermons, but it was about love and grace. what a refreshing contrast to the other, which i can't really bear to hear. that's the thing, that's what God is about: loving people so much he can't stand the thought of someone going to hell, so much so, he sent his son to die on a cross so i could be forgiven. so you could be forgiven. so our worst enemies could be forgiven. but he made it a choice. i choose God.   last night my attention span was tested, and it took me a while to focus on the message at hand, and not the 18 other things in my mind. but i did catch something worth remembering. referring to something he read by C.S. Lewis, brian said:  The most beautiful thing and the most terrible thing about God is that in the end, he'll always give people the desires of their hearts. If I want love and life and God, I will choose him. If I want darkness and death, I will choose that.   hell is a really difficult concept for me to grasp... and i'm going to stop talking about it right now because this is much too heavy for me while i'm waiting on high school basketball scores to come my way.   on a lighter note, my picture page went away because angelfire.com is silly. but i'll get it all fixed up again, one of these days when i don't have to get up before 9 a.m. ok, so that's not early to most of you, but it is to me, the one who likes to stay up after i get home from work at 1 a.m. the same girl who loves to sleep. gosh, what's going to happen when i go back on days at the end of march?  so, in addition to fixin' up my resume this weekend and getting my haircut and eating dinner with greg on sunday night (yay!), i'm going to watch lots of TV. laura taped "dawson's creek" and "glory days" for me last night. nice, huh? and i'll have those two hours of CSI, which are hopefully new. i know one hour is new, 'cause i saw the preview. oh, but i'm probably not watching them tonight because katie and brad are going to stay at my apartment. that's great, except i don't know what kind of host i'll be. i'm tired and i don't even know if i have milk for cereal in the morning. good thing i know i have frozen waffles. but i get to hang out with katie and brad before i go to work tomorrow, but that's after my mom and i go look at the reception possibilty at the science museum...  did i mention i'm wearing myself out?