         last night i was sort of out of it when i was trying my ramblings about the super bowl. and while i said what i wanted to say about that, i wanted to say more about my weekend...  greg came up friday night when i got off work. we watched the wildcats win before i went to work. whoa, a bit of "w" alliteration going on there. you know i like alliteration. anyway, we also ate at rafferty's with my mom, which was good because i hadn't seen her since jan. 23. i only know the date because that's the day greg proposed. work was boring saturday night and the TV was really loud. but that's another whole story in itself. instead of talking, lori and i messaged on our computer - we can do that with our company's software, AP Workbench. then we'd go talk in the break room while she smoked. but the TV was so loud we couldn't really talk, plus we didn't think the third co-worker wanted to hear us talk. ke kind of dampens the atmosphere. regardless, i'm glad i've been working nights lately with lori. ok, enough about that. on to the rest of the weekend. sunday i didn't leave my apartment at all. i didn't even step out of the apartment into the hallway until about midnight when greg was leaving and i walked him to the car. it was such a great day, though. we were lazy - it was 2 p.m. by the time we finished eating lunch, which really served as breakfast. i had set my alarm for 10 a.m. so we could go to 11 a.m. church. i was so excited when i woke up at 9:57 a.m. because i was awake on time, but didn't have to listen to my alarm. i hate alarms. so, i decided to rest my head and eyes a few more minutes, until my clock said 10, but so much for that...i fell back asleep until 11. it was good sleeping, though. anyway, after lunch (so much for total chronology with this story) greg and i watched the end of the michigan state-illinois game. like i really care about either, but i have to root for the underdog in that case...so i was happy to see the spartans win. then we flipped the channel and we watched the end of the missouri-virginia game. same as the other, i cheered for missouri. well, that was when i wasn't taking my nap. yes, i slept in and took a nap. then greg and i fooled with the digital camera and he played his guitar for me. i love it when he does that. later laura, dave, kent and cara came over to watch the super bowl. we cheered for the rams, ate pizza, ate nacho cheese (i love my nacho cheese in the crock pot!) and commented on all the commericals. it was fun, and i'm not going to talk about the super bowl anymore because my whole last entry was devoted to that.  i haven't enjoyed laziness like that in awhile, and i have a lot of things going on this week, so i figured i might as well enjoy it this weekend. today i did laundry at my grandpa's and called about reception sites. tomorrow i'm going dress shopping. wednesday and thursday i'll be in murray. friday my mom and i are going to look at a reception possibility (yes, i finally have a worthwhile idea!). sunday i'm meeting greg in elizabethtown on his way back from murray. (i wish we could have gone to murray together, but my work schedule gets in the way!) and sometime this weekend i want to get my resume fixed up all pretty so i can start the dreaded job search process. my temporary is finished in may and i'm looking around lexington. location is the driving force right now. but that's ok because not only will i get to be with greg (yay!), i have no real goals or career focus at this moment.   ok, back to taking scores. plus that is entirely enough babble about my life, at least for now.