         I have been in a thinking funk lately. Not about bad stuff, just about stuff. I realized the people who know the most about my life right now -- both the daily stuff and the deeper stuff -- aren't in Louisville. As someone who appreciates communciation, that's not the ideal situation. E-mails and phone calls are fine, but sometimes I miss the way I could walk or drive in less than one song to someone's dorm room or apartment in Murray when I wanted to be in the company of those who know me. I have friends here, and they are wonderful people, but I spend more timing missing the people who aren't here than hanging out with the people who are.   But with these thoughts, I'm thankful my family is here. My mom and I talk almost every day and I see her, and usually the rest of my family, a few times a week. That's nice after four years of only seeing them on weekends and breaks from school. Plus the years before that I didn't really appreciate what a family was about. It's kind of ironic now that I think about that: It used to be I filled my free time with my friends, a whole group of them. Now I fill my free time with my family and select few friends. I know, I know, nobody has to tell me. That's part of growing up. Gosh, everything is about growing up these days. Well, duh, I suppose. It just amazes how quick attitudes and perceptions can change. And all it takes is continuing realizations that we are ever-changing beings and that our purpose goes beyond working so we can make money and be successful. But, then again, I suppose success is a relative concept. Everyone has their own ideas about what it is and how to achieve it. For me, I am realizing why it goes beyond giving myself wholly to my work. There are multiple other things that deserve pieces of me, and probably bigger pieces at that.   I guess the phrase I opened this with -- "thinking funk" -- cast a negative shadow on the proceeding thoughts. But I'm not disappointed or angry. Actually, I'm content. I think there's a difference in being content and being comfortable. I'm not comfortable. As well as everything is going in my life right now in Louisville, I have fleeting the-grass-is-greener-on-the-other-side thoughts about my life. Being comfortable is also dangerous, I think. I know when I get too comfortable I get a lazy state of mind and lose sight of what's important. So being content is good for me. Because I it's this attitude that keeps me on my toes -- apprecating the people and places in my life.   This is probably a little too deep for this. But it's a little more interesting than writing that I went to my grandparents with my mom this afternoon before I came to work. And that I probably could have slept all day because my bedroom is so dark with the shades instead of blinds. See, I was comfortable in my bed with T-shirt sheets this morning. And that was good for the time being. But I had to get out of bed, even if it was to eat waffles and watch 90210 re-runs. I was content. OK, so being content and comfortable complement each other. I guess it's about knowing there is a time and place for both of them and too much of each good thing is a bad thing.  Alright, I'm starting to drive myself crazy. And I know other people have less tolerance for me than I have. So, I'll take a break.