         there's something wrong with the fact that two bridesmaid dresses and one wedding dress are hanging in my closest waiting to be worn in the coming months. oh, and there's another bridesmaid dress waiting to have another purpose after shelley and dustin's wedding in september. i guess nothing is wrong...just a lot of weddings. and, yes, i'm realistic, i realize the bridesmaid dress will have to wait forever for another worthy purpose. that's the problem with bridesmaid dresses. they are like grown-up prom dresses. i'm trying to fix that with mine, but who is honestly going to wear a "banana" dress at another ocassion. i sure hope someone finds that ocassion. but at least mine are about half of the price of two of the three bridesmaid dresses i own.   yeah, that's right, my wedding dress is in my possession, as of today.   alright, that's totally enough about dresses.  so, "felicity" starts this week. the last 10 episodes. the big question: noel or ben? my vote goes to noel, but i honestly think she'll have one of those oh-so dramatic realizations - and she'll decide to move on without either of them. now, wouldn't that be anti-climatic?! i watched "once and again" last night. my mom and i used to watch that show when i would visit from college. too bad i don't need to be addicted to another TV show because it's worth watching. what's going to happen on the first 10 minutes of "survivor"? CBS is promo-ing it just like the did the tribe switch-o-roo last time. that would suck for the tribe playing (living) so well together. but i would be good for gina, who otherwise is going to lose, thanks to a bunch of slackers who voted hunter off last week.  ok, like the dress topic, that's enough TV talk. i need to go pack for bowling green anyway.  wait, one more thing, what's up with louisville blowing a 17-point early second-half lead and losing by three? greg would probably say that's what rick pitino gets for going to louisville. i say, wait until next year. on a funny but dangerous note, apparently the floor was slippery because the ice underneath was leaking through...that's weird, and made for lots of basketball players on the floor late in the game. good thing the game didn't go to overtime, like it looked like it might.