         the girl who spends the majority of her life near a computer has taken a technology vacation, and it's been pretty great. ok, so i was just in murray, well, actually puryear, tenn., visiting greg's family, but i only checked my email once in four days.   let's see, sunday greg and i drove to see his family. then on monday i worked at fort campbell. i wrote a story about a soldier's memorial...and it ran on the national wire. that's pretty exciting. i know it's one of those things that doesn't matter, really, but it's encouraging the first time, and i'm sure a few times after that. tuesday and wednesday greg and i hung out with his parents and some friends in murray. tuesday i got a tour of henry county, tenn., and let me tell you, it's like any other massive amount of farmland. and who knew there is a mexican restaurant in hazel, ky. (i know, you known western kentucky readers are asking yourself, where's hazel?) tuesday night we went to jaclyn's, where she and bryan cooked us dinner and introduced us to this great game called imagineiff (or maybe imaginiff). oh, and i learned how to play rook this week. fun game. wednesday i ate lunch with laura. wednesday night was survivor night, then time to drive back to lexington.   yesterday i worked at the state high school boys basketball tournament. i watched four high schools then, and will watch four more today and three tomorrow. not bad, really. and tons better than being in the office in louisville. steve - he's our sports writer in lexington - let me write two the games as practice for the girls tournament that i have to cover next week in bowling green. i'm a traveling woman these days. oh, and oldham county beat shelby valley yesterday, so that was fun to watch. and i got to see cassie.   ok, that's the events, however minor, of my last several days. but there's been more going on in my head - just mainly stuff about being married, and how i've sampled some of the in-law stuff this week. it's been surprisingly great, though. monday night i went to a bible study with greg's mom and then to dinner while greg was playing basketball with some male family members and listening to his dad speak at some meeting thing. it was good, though, and showed me how having the taylors as in-laws really is a great thing. trust me, it's a good revelation for me to have. and greg and i have spent a lot of time together this week, but we've also done our own things...and it's been a great balance. it's fun to be with him, and if we don't get to be together all day, it's fun to come "home" in the afternoon or evening and tell him about my day.  here's my abbreviated comments on the NCAA: too bad the hilltoppers lost. chris marcus was having an off night. and while patrick sparks scored 20 points, he missed some 3s that would have helped. those unpredictable kentucky wildcats came through yesterday. hopefully keith bogans will keep playing like that. i really was hoping holy cross would pull out the miracle and beat kansas. holy cross was up 2 at halftime and stayed with the jayhawks in the second half. tulsa won, which is fine. makes a nice story about tubby playing his old team.   oh, despite the fact i think the NIT is stupid, it's nice to see louisville winning.