         job search update: i have two interviews on saturday. one is at the newspaper in richmond. the other is for an advertising job at a TV station in lexington.   trip to murray update: i interviewed murray state president king alexander, which turned out great. i ended up interviewing him in the car to and from paducah, where he had to go to a meeting yesterday morning. he's such a people-person, and i really wish he was the president when i was there. then i got some good stuff from the student government president and king alexander's assistant, who is greg's great aunt. that's murray for you. yesterday i had a couple people ask me about our wedding, without me mentioning it first. one guy, who i met for the first time yesterday, said, "so, which of those taylor boys are you marrying?" when i was finished working, i met greg's parents at the ice cream place that used to be baskin robbins, but it now some 31 flavors wannabe establishment. they bought me ice cream and gave me an early birthday present. it was good to see them. then i stopped in madisonville and watched last week's "survivor" with jeff.  my neck hurts - not as bad as yesterday, but it still hurts. yesterday it felt like my head weighed three tons, and i couldn't turn to my right without turning my shoulders. today i can move it more, but it still has this uncomfortable pinching sensation.  TV show comments: it is sort of surprising i went almost a week without hearing that john got voted off "survivor" last week. but, then again, really only greg and jeff watch it regularly. neleh totally gave sean extra life in the game. she and paschal are in super shape - and i'm hoping on of the two wins the whole game. as long as neleh, kathy, paschal, sean and vecepia vote rob, zoe and tammy off, neleh and paschal are set to win. on to other shows i'm addicted to: felicity and her clan graduated! like i thought, she left new york without ben or noel. but then at the end, ben decided it was time to follow her, like she had done for four years. it was a great ending. the next episodes are going to be what-if scenerios. interesting way to end the show. "dawson's creek" was good, too. i love charlie. too bad he's going on tour (hence leaving the show, i suppose). they (the producers, that is) are setting it up for joey and dawson to get back together. i'm really thinking it would have been better to keep charlie around, but who am i to say? audrey used to annoy me, but i'm liking her and pacey together these days.  ok, that's entirely too much talk about fictional characters. but before i leave the subject, i have to admit: "felicity" made me think about how lucky i am most of my good friends live within a weekend's driving distance, if not in louisville or lexington. i also just thought a lot about growing up and communicating with people. (yes, those subjects often venture into my mind.)