         ok, despite my preference for the wildcats, i'm cheering for indiana tonight. come on, you have to like mike davis. (you'll learn adam, really.) plus, his son is absolutely adorable. adam told me all season that he didn't think indiana was that good. i seem to remember him saying they were overrated. um, it's the championship game, the hoosiers must not be that bad. plus, they've got the heart to win - reporters, coaches and the players themselves keep saying it over and over. and like mike davis said the other day, a team doesn't have to be the best team to win, it just has to be the best team that day. good philosophy, especially if indiana keeps wanting it just a bit more than their opponents. but maryland hasn't won a national championship and juan dixon wants one pretty bad. did you know juan dixon has a tatoo of his mom, juanita, on his stomach?  so, back to   antoine davis  being   adorable . Here's   one more .  i'm a journalist. the people and their stories are my favorite part of all of this basketball hoopla (hoopla...appropriate, huh?). so, i've read a lot of stuff in newspapers and on the internet. here's something from the denver post yesterday:  With 28 seconds remaining in Indiana's upset win over Oklahoma, senior guard Dane Fife glanced at the team bench. There, in the middle of the happy din, was Davis, hunched over in a chair, the coach's head looking down to his palms spread across his lap. Fife didn't know what was wrong. He trotted over to find out.   "Coach," Fife whispered in the ear of Davis, "get your head up, man. We're going to the national championship."  Davis raised his chin and smiled. What had he been doing? The American Civil Liberties Union might not like the answer, but every person of faith who has ever asked for a little guidance to make it through tough times will understand. Not caring how many people in the arena saw him, Davis was praying.  "I was just thanking God for this opportunity," Davis said. "It's a blessing to be here."   Davis does not pray for victory. That would be crass. He grew up in a single-parent, ramshackle 500-foot house in Fayette, Ala. (pop. 4,922) with a speech impediment that caused a wicked stutter. All Davis has ever dared pray for is strength.   On the eve of the biggest basketball game of his 41 years, Davis has the strength to announce: No practice today.  This Easter morning, hunting for eggs will take precedence over the Final Four. The Indiana coach has a 3-year-old son. When the boy awakens, the first words out of little Antoine's mouth will be: "I love you, Daddy."  Basketball pays the bills and gives the crowd thrills. But does it define what's most important to a thinking man? Never on Sunday.