         i checked out a book from the library the other day. it is due aug. 13. my first reaction: i'll be married then. whoa. that's what dates do to me now; i put everything in perspective by the wedding day.   speaking of the wedding, i have my dress back from the alterations lady. it fits perfectly. i also found tableclothes for the reception, which is a huge thing off my list. i was going to rent them, but that would be $8.50 for each one. and i needed about 30. i bought some pretty thick and seemingly nice plastic-lined paper tableclothes at liquor barn yesterday for $2.39 each. much more practical in my mind.   i've been in louisville since  wednesday . that day my mom and i went to pick up my dress and meet with the minister about the ceremony.  thursday  my mom and i and went shopping for her dress. we found it at dillards, at the first store we looked. it's beautiful on her. then we ran other errands, mainly things she needed to get finished. that night i went to dinner with lori and her mom. and later i got to hang out with kelly, which was great. we went on a long walk and just talked and caught up on our lives. i was wearing flip flops, though, and got a blister when i was walking on a little hill. that's silly because i wear flip flops all of the time during the summer and haven't gotten a blister in a few years. i even wore the same flip flops to kings island earlier this summer and was comfy all day.  yesterday  greg's mom and i ran all kinds of wedding and rehearsal dinner errands. last night greg and his mom came to my parents' house to eat dinner with my family (minus my dad, who is in chicago for a conference). after dinner, greg and i took our moms on in rook. we won two of the three games. but the last hand of the last game was luck - whichever team won the bid won the game. and greg got lucky because he bid first with the rook on top of the widow. (that's rook lingo, if you don't understand.) the rook cards were a wedding present from our friends' mark and ginger.   today kelly, cara and jaclyn are throwing me a bridal shower. that should be fun.