         i had a super long weekend in murray.  wednesday - we got down there that evening and played rook with greg's parents. i love that game.   thursday - we went to the fourth of july parade with some of his extended family and jaclyn and bryan. then we all went to his aunt and uncle's house to swim and grill out. later that afternoon we went to the lake with a few other families (and jaclyn and bryan) to swim some more and have a picnic. we went back to murray when it was almost dark to watch fireworks at the football stadium. it was a pretty good show.   friday - greg's mom and i ran some errands in the morning. we went to talk to the lady who is making the cake for the murray reception and went to a jewelry store, where i found a super deal on the last bridesmaid present i wanted to get. then greg and i got our marriage license and ordered our wedding bands. after eating lunch with his parents, we went to the baseball game in st. louis with his family (minus one brother). too bad the dodgers beat the cardinals. it was fun, though. we got in at 2 a.m.  saturday - i got up at 8 a.m. (remember i got in at 2 a.m.) to go to yard sales with jaclyn. it wasn't that good of a yard sale day, though. i found two books for a total of 75 cents. then i just hung out with her until it was time to go to my friend carrie's wedding. greg met up with me to go there. it was a nice ceremony, we just didn't know anyone but lisa and her husband at the reception. well, greg ran into one person he knew, but basically we just stayed until i could say something to carrie. i love all these weddings, though. gets me excited for my own, you know? saturday night we went bowling with a group of random friends. i bowled much better than usual - 90, 120, 99. there were eight of us, so we bowled in two lanes and added our final scores to see which lane one. greg's lane won both times, barely, though. the last time we would have had it, but greg bowled a 171.  sunday - greg and i ate breakfast with lisa and jared and then went to church. later we ate lunch at his parents' house and then played some more rook before we came back to lexington.   today i'm going to louisville (yes, again) to get somethings i need to work on some wedding stuff. then tomorrow i'm going to nashville with lori to see dave matthews. yay! i'm looking forward to living in lexington without multiple trips to louisville each week. don't get me wrong, i'll go visit my family, but more than one trip to louisville each week is getting crazy. oh well, i only get married once! plus, after aug. 3, greg will live here, you know, and then it will feel more like home.