         it's been more than a week.  last week i had to work late a couple of nights. but that wasn't so bad.   this weekend was good. friday night greg and i hung out with our insurance agent and his wife. it's a good story actually: we signed up for car insurance through AAA not long ago. it was a thursday. then that following sunday we saw john and emily at church, even though it was a service we don't usually go to and we were sitting on the side of the sanctuary we don't usually sit on. anyway, john asked if we wanted to go to dinner that night after service. but we couldn't because greg was going to play basketball with some guys. we all said we should hang out sometime, though. so friday night we ate mexican food then watched "the rookie." it's fun to hang out with someone new, and they happen to be our age and live near us in lexington. we're paying enough for our car insurance that it is a nice added bonus that our policy came with friends.  saturday i took a 2 1/2-hour nap about 45 minutes after i got up. then greg and i were lazy and watched football in our pajamas until the evening. i took a shower during halftime of the UK game, then i had to work for a couple of hours after the wildcats were defeated. after working, greg and i played cards (spades and hearts) with mark and ginger. it was fun, and we stayed up late, knowing we were gaining an hour when our clocks fell back an hour at 2 a.m.  yesterday we went to louisville. greg played football and my mom and i went to see my grandpa. poppy gave greg and i an ugly orange chair. we lack furniture, so it's nice to have it anyway. although, i'm not sure where it will fit. we'll make room somewhere. i had a good time with my mom, who actually had a whole day off from both her jobs and my sister's soccer games.   i stayed up about 90 minutes past my self-imposed 10 p.m. bedtime, but it was worth it to see the angels beat the giants. and it's monday, so i'll stay up late again tonight to watch "csi: miami." it's not as good as the original, but worth staying up for.