         greg said butler is his new favorite basketball team. a slight exaggeration. but, still, it was nice to see butler pull the upset on louisville.   we went to see "view from the top" yesterday. pretty good. a little disappointing with the number of big stars in it. but still entertaining.   yes, i've watched more basketball than war coverage. does that surprise you, coming from the journalist? really, i think the coverage is overwhelming and overkill. yes, i want to know what's going on with our troops and bush's strategy to dethrone saddam. BUT i don't need to see live action as the war unfolds. i can't imagine how i'd feel if i knew someone serving over there. greg's brother has been called up with his national guard unit out of paducah, but as of now he's only going to fort campbell. anyway, it's obviously been on my mind, and even more so after church today. southland is doing a sermon series on the names of God used in the bible. this week's message was about "el elyon," which means "the God who is in control." how timely. and mike breaux said the sermon series was planned last summer. to me that totally demonstrates the power of God and how he knows our hearts and minds before we even can imagine what will happen. one point really struck me: no one has any authority apart from the most high God. that includes me, you, saddam, bush...everyone. and how blessed we are to have a president who prays and studies the bible because he believes it gives him greater guidance for our nation. anyway, mike breaux used tons of scripture about how almighty God is and how control he truly is. yes, he's in control, even in conflicting times such as now. "it's not God who is out of control; mankind is out of control and will be until Jesus comes back."  a few other thoughts from mike breaux: "the most high God is one our side. ... through all of our lives, he gives us the strength to cope with all we encounter."  "these are anxious times. ... we need someone to run to where we'll be safe. how do we find that? we just have to believe he is the most high God."  the babylonian king nebuchadnezzar acknowledged God as his Lord. today in church, mike breaux said he prayed today's leaders did the same. "... I, Nebuchadnezzar, looked up to heaven, and my sanity returned, and I praised and worshiped the Most High God and honored him who lives forever, whose rule is everlasting, his kingdom evermore. All the people of the earth are nothing when compared to him; he does whatever he thinks best among the angels of heaven, as well as here on earth. No one can stop him or challenge him, saying, 'What do you mean by doing these things?' When my mind returned to me, so did my honor and glory and kingdom. My counselors and officers came back to me and I was reestablished as head of my kingdom, with even greater honor than before. Now, I, Nebuchadnezzar, praise and glorify and honor the King of Heaven, the Judge of all, whose every act is right and good; for he is able to take those who walk proudly and push them into the dust!" --Daniel 4:34-37