         "People knew God perfectly well, but when they didn't treat him like God, refusing to worship him, they trivialized themselves into silliness and confusion so that there was neither sense nor direction left in their lives. They pretended to know it all, but were illiterate regarding life. They traded the glory of God who holds the whole world in his hands for cheap figurines you can buy at any roadside stand. ... It wasn't long before they were living in a pigpen, smeared with filth, filthy inside and out. And all this because they traded the true God for a fake god, and worshipped the god they made instead of the God who made them -- the God we bless, the God who blesses us. Oh yes!." - from Romans 1 in The Message  "If you remain true to God, God will lead you directly through every barrier and right into the inner chamber of the knowledge of himself. But you must always be willing to come to the point of giving up your own convictions and traditional beliefs. Don't ask God to test you. ... Abraham did not make any such statement -- he simply remained true to God, and God purified his faith." -Oswald Chambers  being the perfectionist i am, sometimes it's hard to remember God is bigger and better than any task in my life. as much as to-do lists motivate me, God should be the motivation for everything i do -- at home, at work, with greg, with my friends, with my family, anytime, anywhere, anything. sometimes i worship God based on my definition of who he is. sometimes i interpret God as it is convenient for me. but really i just need to seek him, knowing he's more of a perfectionist than i am.  i watched several episodes of "felicity" yesterday. alexa let me borrow more of the first season on DVD. i love that show. it reminds me how everything changes. even as people come and go in our lives, they all have an impact on who we are, even if just for a few moments. all of those encounters and experiences change us, and it is our responsibility to let that change be for the better. sometimes i miss people who used to be important in my life. but, really, i should just feel blessed to have experienced part of my life with them. that's a hard lesson for me to learn, but i'm trying.