         This weekend was fabulous. A quick run-down for you, so you too feel included in my life:   FRIDAY we ate dinner at Greg's parents' house, which was delicious as always. Then we came home and played euchre with our friends Noah and Danette. I say friends, and they are, but we are just getting to know them. SATURDAY I wanted to sleep in, but woke up at 7:30 a.m., as I have already mentioned. That afternoon we had an open house for Greg at his law office. Lots of people came by. I wasn't sure what to expect. The highlight was Rod and Corbitt -- some of our friends from Lexington -- surprised and came to the open house. His parents live in Kuttawa, so they made a weekend out of it. So, after the open house we ate at Cracker Barrel with them. It was so good to catch up with them. Then we left Murray about 8:30 p.m. for Louisville. We got to Louisville after 1 a.m. that time and went to bed. SUNDAY I went to a baby shower for Laine. It was alright, but I really enjoyed seeing my mom and Cassie. I also went shopping at Kohl's and found my new favorite pants and long-sleeved T-shirt. We got back to Murray about 9:30 last night -- that's 25 hours after we left.   The trip was much too quick and I wanted to stay at my parents' house longer. Good thing we're going back in two weeks for Thanksgiving. I'm not a baby, I just appreciate my family more now that I don't live there. Oh, and my mom cooked me some of her fabulous chili to bring back. We ate it for dinner tonight. Yummy.   OK, more than you want to know about my life. I know.  Kevin and Laine are really naming their baby girl Milla. (That's ME-LA.) It's Hawaiian for "loved by all," or something like that. Her middle name is going to be Eve. Milla Eve Hill. I guess it will grow on me. Anglea and Charles are naming their baby boy Elijah William Taylor, which is so much more traditional. Those names in themselves define the differences between my family and Greg's. Oh, well, what kind of world would this be if we were all the same?  Alright, I'm totally procrastinating. I have this huge freelance project about Paducah due at the end of the month. I still have a ton to write, and yet I sit here playing on the Internet and writing in my journal. OK, I better get a few more paragraphs finished. CSI: Miami comes on in 15 minutes.