         It's amazing how one moment can change your life.  Wednesday afternoon I found out I have diabetes.   I was at the doctor's office sort of for a check up when I found out. Then the doctor said she wanted to admit me to the hospital because my blood sugar level was outrageously high and my body was dehydrated. Basically, I was losing weight but ate a lot because I was hungry a lot and drank a lot because I was thirsty a lot. Turns out, my pancreas doesn't produce insulin and my body was burning fat because it couldn't properly break down sugar.   I was scared, but ended up going. I was there until this afternoon, but realize it was for the best. I learned a lot about Type 1 diabetes and how I am going to have to be disciplined about how I eat and what I eat. I have to give myself insulin shots and check my blood sugar several times a day. And that seems like the easy part. I also have to balance the number of carbohydrates I eat at each meal. I know it will get easier, but it's sort of information overload at the moment. I know enough to life safely right now, but I'm going to take a two-day class in a couple of weeks so I can start learning more about this disease.  The whole situation has made me think about a lot, and I had plenty of time to think in the hospital. First, we're complex beings. There's a lot going on inside of us, more than I will ever understand. Also, Greg and I had been talking recently about how we needed to eat better and learn about nutrition. Well, I guess I don't have much of a choice about that now. I probably can use a lesson in discipline, too. Unexpected situations, like being in the hospital, sure show who steps up to help. My mom came down for the day on Thursday, which really comforted me. The rest of my family called to check on me. Greg's family was so supportive and came to keep me company several times. Greg slept on an uncomfortable pull-out-chair-bed for me and brought me newspapers, ice water and anything else I wanted. Jaclyn brought me beautiful tulips and visited a couple of times. Michael came to visit a couple of times and listened to me freak out about the whole thing. Work sent flowers. Erin and Jodi sent flowers and Jodi called to check on me. The new church we've been going to sent flowers and the pastor stopped by. I felt loved, which was something I needed to get me past the emotional first stage of dealing with this.   Maybe the best part of the whole thing: When I called Greg Wednesday afternoon just a few minutes after I found I have diabetes, crying, of course, he said, "It's OK, we'll change our lifestyle." He said, "we," and I was reminded I'm married to my best friend who is willing to live life with me, despite circumstances that may alter the course we thought we were on.