         I'm in a time warp, not really sure what day or time it is. That's what the holidays have done to me. Seriously, though, working a full week is going to be strange after the last two weeks and all the driving we've done.   I'm an aunt. Angela and Charles (Greg's brother and sister-in-law) had their baby boy at 10:21 p.m. yesterday. Elijah William Taylor weighed 7 pounds 1 ounce and was 20 inches long. It's the first grandbaby in the family, so I'm sure you can imagine all the hype and celebration. I think Greg's parents took two rolls of film last night.   Speaking of yesterday, we left Murray at 8 a.m. to go to Louisville to watch Murray State get its butt kicked by UofL. The first half ended with the Racers up two points, but Murray State couldn't stay with Louisville in the second half. My mom came to the game with us, too. Then we watched the Titans game, which started out really slow and boring but turned out to be exciting. We headed back to Murray and got to the hospital five minutes after the baby was born.  Now if Laine will just have her baby girl.  I love those sugary conversation heart Valentine's Day candies. Yes, it's only the beginning of January, but I already bought some. They sure are tasty.  Back tracking, New Year's Eve was fun. My family -- Mom, Dad, Kevin, Laine, Cassie, Greg and I -- went to the UK-Austin Peay game in Louisville. The Governors almost pulled out a win over a sluggish Kentucky team. The crowd was pitiful -- only 11,000 fans in an arena that seats 18,000. After the game, Greg and I played games with my mom and Kevin and Laine. It was low-key but fun. New Year's Day I got to see my Aunt Carolyn and Uncle Jerry. I hadn't seen them since July or so. We ate chili and played games. We also watched "Calendar Girls" with my mom. Cute movie.  Cassie gave me Hoopla for Christmas. It's by the makers of Cranium and has some of the same activities involved. It's a game against the clock, though, and not the other players. We played it several times with my family and then again with friends in Murray Friday night.  OK, it's time to take the Christmas decorations down.