         Definitely time for an update.  First of all I must tell you about the most fabulous steakhouse I've ever eaten at:   The Palm . It was at the Hilton Suites in Nashville, but got started in New York. It was the nicest, most expensive restaurant at which I've ever eaten, but thankfully the Calloway County Bar Association was paying for it. You've got to love lawyers at some point. My 10-ounce filet mignon was $31. Just the steak. I had a salad with onions, tomatoes, shrimp, bacon green beans and a vinagrette dressing that cost $9. It was a crazy salad without lettuce, but it was so good. Then I had bread and we shared vegetables -- hash browns and fried asparagus -- at the table. It was SO good and a neat experience. There were 22 of us -- 11 lawyers and their spouses -- and the bill was $2,100. Plus the bar association paid for us to stay at the Hilton Suites that night. Fun times.   On another related note, that meal was the first time I ate out without knowing the amount of carbohydrates in each food since I was diagnosed with diabetes. I did really well and didn't make my blood sugar level rise too much. However, I've eat out three times in the last two days and really not done well at the guessing game that is sometimes counting carbs. My mom was with me and reminded me it's a learning experience right now. But you know how I strive for perfection. Dang anal retentiveness.  Speaking of my mom. She was here for the last couple of days to go to a diabetes self-management class at the hospital. It was pretty good. Some of it didn't apply to me and my Type 1 diabetes, but I learned some useful stuff about food and insulin. And I was definitely glad my mom was here. She brought Bailey the dog, too, who bonded with Greg. He took her out to pee most of the time and took her on a walk and jog. Therefore, she slept closer to him at night, which was fine with me because it let me sleep through the night.   On another family-related note (you've got to love these transitions), I saw Cassie on Saturday when Greg and I stopped to eat lunch with her in Clarksville on our way to Nashville. She even showed us the toe on which she recently had surgery in the middle of the restaurant. Yeah, I'm sure the other people enjoyed seeing her take her shoe off. Anyway, then we -- Greg, my mom and I -- went to eat with her last night. This coming Saturday Greg, his mom and I are going to Clarksville again for the Murray State-Austin Peay basketball game. It's a big game in the Ohio Valley Conference. APSU is undefeated in the conference and Murray has only lost once. So, I'll probably get to see Cassie again. Good times with the family.