         What happened to my flip-flop weather?   And what happened to the Republican governor I voted for? I mean, he's there in Frankfort, running state government. But bribery isn't the way to the people's hearts. And that's pretty much what Gov. Fletcher and the Senate Republicans did to the Democrats in an attempt to ge their budget proposal passed with the tax planned somehow attached. Today the state senator from Murray told me it was the most partian budget process he's ever been a part of.   This is a bit delayed, but it's something I've been thinking about... Somtimes I feel like two people. I don't mean like I have multiple personalities. More like multiple perceptions of myself. I never really thought about it until Sunday in church, though. Or at least I couldn't define it in my mind until then. So, God offers grace to anyone to cover our human imperfections. Alright, I believe that. I believe God makes us new. I can be transformed. Rather, I am being transformed. It doesn't happen overnight. It's a life-long process. Grace redeems me, and you, making us saints who sometimes sin. Trust me, I strive for perfection and often get caught up in my human desires to control the details in my life. You'd think I learn I don't have control. God is mightier than any drama I create for myself or any detail I try to tend to. OK, a saint who sins. I can deal with that. That's how God sees me -- on my good days and the bad ones, during my selfish moments and my sweet ones, when I complain and when I love. Still, sometimes that's not how I feel. Other times I dwell on the fact I can't reach perfection. I can't meet these lofty expectations I have for myself. And the thing is, nobody truly meets my expectations. The people I love come close, but, then again, I expect them to. We're all human. And as humans we're a bundle of contradictions. We want people to like us, but we are easily annoyed by others' faults. We want to love each other unconditionally, but we still make assumptions and argue. We plan and organize and look so far ahead in the future, but we forget to live for the moment. Sometimes I get my identity as a saint who sometimes falters confused with a sinner who sometimes does the right thing. I mean, I'm going to fail sometimes so why strive for perfection. Anybody who even half-heartedly knows me knows there are very few moments when I accept less than perfect so easily. I want to please people, especially the people important to me. I want to everything I do well and expect other people to do so too. I like loyalty and commitment. Wishy-washy people frustrate me. (These people would also be milkshakes -- inconsistent and confused about whether it's milk or ice cream or something in between.) I want the real thing in the good moments when I laugh so hard I cry and in the crappy minutes when I tear up and want to cuddle up with my best friend.