         Name almost any social or political issue and I can give you an opinion about it.  Gay marriage. I think God intended marriage to be between a man and woman. Period.  Gun control. I think there should be stricter regulations so that not just anybody can get a gun.  Drugs. I think the problem goes beyond illegal use of sometimes helpful things. I think a poor economy and lack of education leads to drug problems. Sometimes drugs are sold, sadly, as an alternate income. Sometimes government tries too hard on prosecution of drug users and sellers and does do enough for prevention and education. I think Kentucky's drug court is the right approach and maybe others will catch on.   Abortion. I think life begins at conception and aborting a baby is depriving a life. Now, I know there are specific cases, such as rape and the mother's life being endangered, that might be exceptions.  Health care. I know sometimes needs to be done to get more insurance companies in this state. Electronic medical records seem to be one approach to reducing errors in medical facilities.   Education. I know education is the key to so many other things, including the economy and curbing drug use and other criminal activity. And I know education is deprived in many state budgets. Kids need to read and know how to apply other academic principles. But they also need to learn we need each other.   Economy. I believe the economy is a reflection of many other things and when it is failing there are more problems than a tight budget.   OK, so these aren't all necessarily deep opinions. But I can come up with something. There's one issue that continues to stump me: the death penalty.   "Dead Man Walking" showed me as much as I want to see of a lethal injection. I believe people change. Who are we to take their second chance away? But maybe it's somebody's third chance, and where do we stop? Grace is bigger than anyone, larger than any governor or government. Are we playing God to think we can kill someone for committing a sin, an offense in the eyes of God and, in this case, the law? But should we pay to keep people in jail for years and years at a time, sometimes for life? Does knowing they could be executed ever stop a potential crime?   I have tons of questions about the matter, but can't seem to figure out where I stand.