         I'm working on creating a soundtrack to my life, which I think sometimes resembles a sitcom. In college my friends and I constantly talked about "Everybody's Looking for Andy," the sitcom we created in our minds. We have had a little jingle made up for the theme song. The show would have been random, because that was the story of our lives, but every episode would have a cameo by Andy, our friend with crazy, curly hair. Sometimes he'd be easy to spot, other times it would be more like "Where's Waldo?"  So, I've thought about the soundtrack to my life before, but I've never made a list and pulled some lyrics, so here's my start, and these are in no particular order:  "Drops of Jupiter," Train  Tell me, did you fall for a shooting star One without a permanent scar And did you miss me while you were looking at yourself out there   "Crush," Dave Matthews Band  It's crazy I'm thinking Just as long as you're around And here I'll be dancing on the ground Am I right side up or upside down To each other we'll be facing By love we'll beat back the pain we've found You know I mean to tell you all the things I've been thinking deep inside My friend With each moment the more I love you Crush me   "Wood Song," Indigo Girls  ... no way construction of this tricky plan was built by other than a greater hand with a love that passes all our understanding watching closely over the journey yeah but what it takes to cross the great divide seems more than all the courage i can muster up inside but we get to have some answers when we reach the other side the prize is always worth the rocky ride but the wood is tired and the wood is old and we'll make it fine if the weather holds but if the weather holds then we'll have missed the point that's where i need to go ...   "Pantala Naga Pampa," Dave Matthews Band  Come and relax now Put your troubles down No need to bear the weight of your worries Just let them all fall away.   "Mystery," Indigo Girls  ...you set up your place in my thoughts moved in and made my thinking crowded ... i could go crazy on a night like tonight when summer's beginning to give up her fight and every thought's a possibility and voices are heard but nothing is seen why do you spend this time with me maybe an equal mystery so what is love then is it dictated or chosen does it sing like the hymns of 1000 years or is it just pop emotion and if it ever was here and it left does it mean it was never true and to exist it must elude is that why i think these things of you ...   "Perfect," Sara Evans  Love can be rough around the edges tattered at the seams   "My List," Toby Keith  ...Go for a walk, say a little prayer  Take a deep breath of mountain air  Put on my glove and play some catch  It's time that I make time for that  Wade the shore and cast a line  Pick up a long lost friend of mine  Sit on the porch and give my girl a kiss  Start livin' that' the next thing on my list   Wouldn't change the course of fate but cuttin' the grass just had to wait  'Cause I've bot more important things like pushin' my kid on the backyard swing  I won't break my back for a million bucks I can't take to my grave  So why put off for tomorrow what I could get done today   ... Raise a little hell, laugh 'til it hurts  Put an extra five in the plate at church  Call up my folks just to chat  It's time that I make time for that  Stay up late, then oversleep  Show her what she means to me  Catch up on all the things I've always missed  Just start livin', that's the next thing on my list ...   "Mrs. Potter's Lullaby," Counting Crows  If dreams are like movies, then memories are films about ghosts.   "Omaha," Counting Crows  Somewhere in middle America Get right to the heart of matters It's the heart that matters more   "Clarity," John Mayer  By the time I recognize this moment This moment it will be gone But I will bend the light pretending That it somehow lingered on   "Why Georgia," John Mayer  so what so i've got a smile on it's hiding the quite superstitions in my head don't believe me don't you dare believe me when i say i've got it down  everybody's just a stranger but that's the danger in going my own way i guees it's a price i have to pay still everything happens for a reason it's no reason not to ask yourself   "Thousand Miles," Caedmon's Call  So take my broken offering and make it whole And set my feet upon the road that leads me home Let me walk as one fixed upon the goal Even though I've got a thousand miles to go