         I feel refreshed.  Both my heart and my head are clear, thanks to some conversations, singing really loud in my car to great music and a beautiful day. I woke up early this morning, something I usually don't get too excited about doing. But I was motivated when I remembered my alarm going off at 7:30 a.m. meant I got to see Greg and go to my favorite church afterI drove down I-64.   Mike Breaux is amazing. Or rather God is amazingly evident through Mike Breaux. This morning he "celebrated" why God is who he says he is and what he is doing at Southland Christian. You'd think a sermon like that would be geared some of the many hundreds of people who make Southland their home. But it wasn't really. It was geared toward people who love God. Period. That's all Mike wants people to come away from his sermons and church in general doing -- loving God and people. He said it himself today:  Life is pretty basic: Love God. Love people.   Like I said not too long ago in an entry, God meets me at Southland every time I am there -- through Mike (Sure, we're on a first name basis!), the music and the atmosphere. It refreshes me, reminds me what is important and challenges me to seek God more. That's why I am so unsettled about churches here. When I go to different ones, I can't seem to find one that initially meets my wants and needs. I don't sense it's where I am suppose to be, where I am suppose to make an effort to belong.   Oh, and not only did Mike Breaux preach today, but he went from the last word of his sermon into a song that emphasized his point. And it summed up the condition of my heart. It was about being and growing in who God challenges me to be, who he created me to be in his image. It was beautiful. And Jaclyn would have had to muffle her scream of joy of Mike leading the people. Who preaches on why and how the church is in its new sanctuary (that cleverly converts into basketball courts) and makes me focus on more everlasting truths? Thanks to God, Mike Breaux did this morning.   You have never locked eyes on another person in this world who doesn't matter to God.   -Mike Breaux   Truth conveyed without grace is legalism, which leads to condemnation. Grace conveyed without truth leads to a life unchanged.  -Tim Spalding in his testimony to who God is to him   The Spirit and the bride say, "come!" And let him who hears say, "come!" Whoever is thirsty, let him come; and whoever wishes, let him take the free gift of the water of life.  -Revelation 22:17