         So Greg is in Florida golfing. Well, when I talked to him tonight he was playing miniature golf. I guess he is gearing up for the "real" golf course. Golfing (and probably watching some NCAA basketball) is the agenda for the trip he took with his uncle and cousin. Anyway, he left this morning. Not to be all girly, but this is the second time since we've been married that he's been gone overnight. The other time was in July when he took the bar exam in Louisville. My life was busy then because I was finishing up my job in Richmond and packing our apartment to move to Murray. And it was just one night. I don't mind being here by myself. I lived by myself in Louisville for the year I worked at the AP and loved a lot about it. Trust me, I will stretch out in the middle of the night tonight. But I will be glad when Greg's back on Sunday.  I'm going to Louisville this weekend to hang out with my mom. I think we'll be the only ones home. Dad will be in Indianapolis and Cassie is going to Florida. I sure am looking forward to it though. And then Bailey the dog is coming to stay with us for two weeks because my parents are going on vacation.  Friends are important to me. I love conversations and relationships, even though I may depend on them too much. With that said, I have one friendship that is incredibly unbalanced. She tells a story, which prompts me to tell a story, but I never get the whole thing finished because whatever she has to say is more important. I rarely confide in her beyond surface-level topics and events. I guess because that's the case, I shouldn't even use the word confide. It's rather frustrating actually. I know she needs a friend, but it is incredibly draining on me to be that friend. I know friendships are going to vary with people's moods and different settings. I know friendships go back and forth, depending on who needs what. But my friendship with her is like a broken see-saw. Sometimes I wait my turn to go up, but never seem to get off the ground. More times than not, though, it makes me appreciate my other friends, knowing the street goes both ways, and that probably helps me be a better friend to her.  So, in the spirit of March Madness, here's part of an instant message conversation I had with Adam:  admitch4 : i am tempted to say "rough go of things for the racers"......then again.....i realize you could easily come back with either. A. "Kentucky is the #1 #1 seed", or B. "Who does Indiana play this weekend"  admitch4 : so, under the circumstances, i guess i wont bring up basketball  :-)  krishill10 : i was tempted to harass you all season about indiana...but i held back.  admitch4 : it would be no harassment......its simple.....so long as mike davis is the coach, indiana will never be a legitimate contender