         I worked until about midnight last night, thinking maybe I'd sleep a little later than usual. But, no, that would be too easy. Instead, I woke up at 7 a.m. ready to eat breakfast and get moving for the day. The strange thing is I feel rested.  And the thing about feeling rested is I know it's a direct result of controlling my diabetes. Before I even knew I had diabetes but I did, I was sluggish and always felt worn out. I just thought that was life, or at least my life at that point. On the weekends I would sleep and nap all of the time, which I thought was just what I wanted to do on the weekends. Don't get me wrong, I love to nap. But I don't feel like every day when I come home from work I must take a nap before I go on. Diabetes is a weird disease. I haven't a coke with sugar in it since Jan. 28, the day I was diagnosed. And that's OK. Diet Dr Pepper and Diet Coke with Lime are my friends. I have other diet drink friends, but those are my favorites. I had to give Jaclyn about 10 pairs of pants because they didn't fit anymore, which is actually a good thing, although it's frustrating at times. I gained weight I needed to gain because before my body was flushing out the calories I ate, hence the reason I spent too much of my life in bathrooms. I don't even mind pricking my finger to check my blood sugar or giving myself insulin shots in my stomach. The absolute most challenging aspect of learning to live with diabetes is eating. Breakfast is easy for me. But lunch and dinner get frustrating because I eat the same things all of the time. I'm almost scared to venture way out, although I did attempt Mexican food for the first time. In a nutshell, I have to count the number of carbohydrates I eat and eat the same number at the same meal each day. It's not that isn't a low-carb diet, but rather a consistent carb diet. So, while I have that figured out in my head, I don't really like to cook. I don't like the time it takes to prepare something in relation to the 15 minutes it takes to eat it. I don't mind doing some dishes, but when I cook the sink overflows with dirty pots and pans and plates. And, maybe the hardest part, is I just never have ideas of what to cook. I bought some cookbooks and one of my goals this weekend is to sit down and look at them -- and choose some meals. I just need to plan better, but that's a whole new ballgame, considering I'm a person who never paid a bit of attention to serving size and nutrition information before. I ate what I wanted when I wanted. That's not the case anymore.  I've had a few hard days lately dealing with this, and diabetes in general. But I hate to let people know that. Very few people know the week before this was probably the worst week I've had since being in the hospital at the end of January. At first there was a fear factor that kept me going, not really questioning anything. Now, I feel comfortable enough I want to know reasons for high blood sugar levels in the afternoon or why my blood sugar sometimes is high after exercising, when it really should be go lower. There are so many variables -- food, insulin, exercise, stress -- that affect how I feel, both mentally and physically.   So Jaclyn told me I should tell people, well, not everyone, but my couple good friends, when I feel bad. I shouldn't just pretend. She just knows that friends are there to build each other up, and sometimes that's going to be that needs some encouragement. I totally see her point, and appreciate having a friend like her. But there's a thin line between saying, "Hey, today's been a bad day. I've had a headache." and whining. I know I've toed the line plenty of times and I know I've crossed the line just as many times.   Still as many bad days as I had two weeks ago, I've had many more good days. Thinking back to a year ago or six months ago or even just two months ago, I feel better than I've felt in a long time. I suppose this is the epitome of how a frustrating, challenging situation became, and I'm sure will continue to become, my saving grace.