         I've had a headache almost constantly the past week. It's frustrated me because I know it's from fluctuating blood sugar levels. And that's frustrating because I'm doing everything I know to do, and I think I'm doing a good job. I don't want diabetes to control my life. I want to control it. This is the first week I have really felt discouraged by the whole thing. Add to that my emotional nature, and it all made for a long few days. I'm using this weekend to recover, and in doing so I've been reading a lot and flipping through my journal -- the one I keep with pen and paper. Emotional overflow makes me reflective.  So, with that said, I found something in my journal to share. I wrote it about six weeks ago, apparently during a moment of appreciation for my friends. The words combine thoughts and images of many people important to me:   We walked across the yard into one another's lives. We wondered if we'd ever be old enough to drive but settled for bike rides and runs through sprinklers. You knew my secrets about boys and taught me about God. You made me laugh so hard I'd cry and sang along to Alan Jackson. You wet your pants -- apparently literally -- when I told you I was getting married. We never really fought, still, you're like my sister. My excitement becomes your excitement, even 21 hours away.  We were inseparable. Teachers got us mixed up and everyone expected us to be together. We watched "My So-Called Life" and ate Funyuns. Grape Kool-Aid was our choice drink. You finished my sentences, reminded me life goes on when boys are stupid and knew me sometimes better than I knew myself. I grew up; you regressed. Or I settled while you partied. You changed; I changed.  We bonded over email. You came to visit me once, even though you though Murray was a world away. You shared music and movies with me, and sometimes your feelings. You held a grudge then forgave me. We watched baseball -- Go Cardinals. But your Reds won. We rode roller coasters and I fought with your friend.  We ate ice cream and stayed up all night talking. We fell in love fast but spent years figuring it out. Fear sometimes divided us, but friendship always kept us together. We cheered at ball games, competed at cards and laughed and cried about nothing and everything. Our lives intertwined in a way I never expected.   We became friends from across the room. You made lots of eye contact and talked to me, sometimes with words. You made me laugh with your randomness. We bickered and fought, but I couldn't stay mad. You were intriguing and frustrating all at the same time. We cheered for the Wildcats, but you wait for Patrick Sparks.   You are my friend. Maybe I gave you too much. Maybe I expected too much. Maybe. But joy comes from you. Your life touched my life. We hurt each other; we healed each other. I influenced you; you impacted me. You were my neighbor. You were my roommate. You were my co-worker. You were my friend. You are part of who I am.   I have been reading "A Glimpse of Jesus" by Brennan Manning. He's one of the best authors and speakers I've experienced:  "Feelings that are not expressed cannot be fixed. ... An integral life implies creative listening to our emotions, taking responsibility for them, and courageously expressing them. ... For the Nazarene carpenter, to have integrity meant to be genuine, to communicate authentically, to resonate with his feelings."  "The world does not understand vulnerability. Strength is made to look like weakness and freedom to look like failure. Vulnerability is flatly rejected by the world as incompetence, and compassionate caring is dismissed as unprofitable. ... His ministry was a seeming failure, his life appeared to have no difference; he was a naked, murdered, ineffectual, losing God. But in that weakness and vulnerability, the world would come to know the love of the Abba of the Compassionate One."