         I had a really great weekend...  Last week was the week of meetings at work, so after I finished writing my story about city council Thursday night, Greg and I headed up to Louisville. Jaclyn and Bryan left then too and ended up staying at my parents' house with us for two nights. We didn't leave Murray until 9 p.m. and I'm pretty sure I was asleep before we were in Marshall County. When we got to my parents' a little before 2 a.m. Eastern Time, Bailey kept bringing toys into the bed for Greg and I -- well, probably Greg -- to play with. She loves him, but it was much to late for all of that.  Friday I went to see an endocrinologist, a doctor who specializes in the study of hormones and glands and their disorders. Anyway, she was encouraging and offered some good advice, the biggest being the way I take my insulin now based on the number of carbohydrates I eat. That means I can vary what I eat more in terms of carbs. Before I was eating a certain number of carbs at each meal and taking the same amount of insulin at each meal. Now, I'm tweaking a carb-to-insulin ratio so I can eat any number of carbs and take an appropriate amount of insulin.  Laine cut my hair on Friday, too. I went in for a trim and then she asked if she could cut it so the back flipped out. Sure, Laine's creative and I trust her... But she might have been a bit too creative. Once I got home and the way she styled it started falling out, I started not liking it so much. I like the back, which was cut shorter than I realized I agreed to. But I hated the sides, which were longer and really didn't blend in with the back. So, Saturday morning I tried to call Laine and ask if I could come by so she could fix the sides like I wanted them. But the receptionist said she was busy and wouldn't have time for me until 3. Well, that wasn't working in my plan so I went somewhere else and had it cut -- again. So I've ended up with a shorter haircut than I originally intended, but I think that's good because I wouldn't have thought about getting it cut like this and I like it. It's a good summer haircut. Jaclyn says when she gets her hair cut short she gets feisty, or feistier than usual. We'll see.  Saturday I hung out with Jaclyn. We ate lunch with Kelly and then went shopping for awhile. I was on a hunt for these black capri pants at Old Navy and didn't find them. Jaclyn also met Milla, the most beautiful baby ever. Then we, including Greg, met Shelley, Dustin, Evan, Bekah and Barrett for dinner at Cracker Barrel. I sure wish Shelley and Dustin lived closer, and not only because Evan is up there on the list of cutest babies ever. But, then again, that's my wish for a few other friends as well. Then we went to Kent's wedding, which was fabulous. Kent looked so nice in his Air Force uniform. The wedding was sweet and the reception was fun because several friends I don't see often were there. I especially had fun with Cara -- we laughed a lot like old times. Old times are good when new times are different. I also talked to Jonathan, my freshman year, high school boyfriend. He's married and had a little girl who's almost 2. The irony was Greg and Jonathan played paintball with lots of guys, including Kent, on Friday, and Greg didn't realize the Jonathan playing paintball was the old boyfriend Jonathan. It's sort of weird when worlds collide, but that's life, I suppose.   Cassie and I went shopping Sunday. I found the black capris I wanted. Well, they aren't exactly what I wanted but may actually be better than the ones I was originally looking for. I got some birthday money from my dad and grandpa and believe I successful spent it Sunday on the pants, some black sandals and some other new goodies. It was fun to hang out with Cassie.  That's some of the highlights of my weekend. I also want to mention I had some yummy home-cooked meals, thanks to my mom, and got to hang out with Milla. She was cranky Friday night because she was sleepy but she was quite a joy Saturday and Sunday, especially when I was feeding her. That's totally the way to bond with a baby. I hung out with Kevin and Dad some, too.   We got back into town at 10:30 last night. Nothing like filling every minute of a weekend. Still, it was time for such a weekend. And I get to see Mom and Cassie again this coming Sunday because they are coming to Murray to celebrate my birthday -- which is a week from today -- with me and Greg's family.   Alright, other random comments: - I really like Derek Abney. But the Baltimore Ravens drafted him. I don't like the Ravens. Is starting to like the Ravens because Abney plays for them sort of like being a fair-weather fan? But I don't think I can like the Ravens, there's too much of a rivalry with the Titans. Hopefully Abney will do well then I can just cheer for him. - "Love Actually" comes out on DVD this week. I loved that movie. - What's the deal with Brewers beating the Cardinals multiple times this season? And it's only April.