         Sometimes I wonder if I should refrain from talking about the same things on here. I tend to be repetitive. But then I remember this is my blog and I write about whatever I want. I go through phases with the blog, but lately it has replaced my on-paper journal. Maybe that's not so good because this isn't as private and people probably really aren't interested in my repetition. I learn through repetition, though, so maybe this is how I have to come to revelations in my life.   Oh, I'm totally babbling. But isn't babbling what a blog is for basically?  OK, so onto my seemingly-repetitive banter. Yesterday I was at a meeting with the mayor (Well, actually I was at two meetings with the mayor yesterday but that's far from the point of this story.) and I asked him about his wife, who recently had knee replacement surgery. He told me how she is doing well with her rehab and feeling emotionally better. Then he said she has diabetes and that really affects her whole body. He stressed how hard it can be on her. Then he randomly says, "You don't have diabetes, do you?"  First, I swear he and I have talked about it before because I remember him telling me about how his wife didn't find out she had diabetes until she was in her 50s. I'm pretty sure she has Type 2, so she doesn't have to take insulin. Second, what a weird question to tack onto the end of a conversation.  Yesterday I also heard about somebody dying "from diabetes." But I know that diabetes itself doesn't usually kill people. Rather long-term complications affect and damage other organs and other parts of the body when diabetics' blood sugar levels run consistently high or low. People say they think it's good I'm dealing with the diabetes now and learning how to manage it. Truth is, it scares me to death to even consider ignoring it. That goes with my perfectionist personality as well as my fear of the unknown.   Last night was the first time I really questioned why and how this happened to me. I love details and am so frustrated with the fact that there are unanswered questions with this. I have faith enough to know that this is for the better, whatever the better is, however the better will change me. But I'm human enough to wish I didn't have to deal with it.   Moving on... Greg is in Lexington for a new lawyers' conference. He just called me from the car with Rod and Corbitt. They were on their way to eat Donato's Pizza for lunch. First of all, I miss Rod and Corbitt. Secondly, I wish I had some Donato's. It's funny to me that when Greg goes out of town I think I'm going to look forward to all this Kristin time, but then I miss him more than I expect. That's probably a good thing for our marriage but a frustrating thing for my heart.