         The blessing of this job specifically and career in general is that I don't do the same thing everyday. The burden is sometimes I have to do things other than be a reporter. Most people know I was hesitant to take this job after Greg and I moved to Murray in August. But I'm anal and tend to worry, so the thought of not having a job freaked me out. (Don't get me wrong, some days I wish I could sleep until 9 and then watch two hours of Dawson's Creek reruns, but in the long run I'd get bored because I need to be doing something.) Anyway, turns out that on most days I like my job more than I thought I would. I'm a nerd, and don't mind covering city council and other government meetings in town and at the university. I generally like the people I have to talk to often for my stories. I like knowing what's going on locally and with state government. And I like learning about the court process first hand while hearing stories from Greg. On the other hand, however, I don't really enjoy laying out a special section for Administrative Professionals Week and the local International Association of Administrative Professionals chapter...That would be one of those burdens of small-town journalism. I understand that and really shouldn't complain about it, but still I'd rather be writing.   I've had the itch lately to write a book. But I want to write a non-fiction book and my latest idea is to travel to different baseball parks and talk to people, random people, and then just tell their stories. I don't necessarily want to talk to athletes; I want to talk to people who have other stories to tell in the stadium setting -- a long-time ticket-taker and concession stand worker, one of the guys who pull the tarp out when it rains, whoever is in charge of the scoreboard. Plus then I'd get to visit baseball parks. I'd like to go to Boston and stay with Katie and Brad, who can see Fenway Park from their apartment and watched the Boston Marathon runners pass down their street, Beacon Street. As much as I hope Barry Bonds stays on 666 homeruns forever, I want to see Pac Bell Park. I can't stand the Yankees, but I know their stadium is filled with history and stories. Great American Ballpark is nice and I wish Busch would stay where it is, how it is. Wrigley Field is classic and Cominsky Park is modern. Maybe if I visited Seattle again it would only rain one of the seven days I'm there, like years ago. I've never been to Kansas City, Houston, San Diego, Miami or Detroit. I've never stepped foot in Arizona or Colorado.