you know i have always told myself not to worry about what other people think about me, i firmly believe in it. yet i find myself trying to impress this boy i like Trevor he has the most amazing eyes i go into like a daze everytime i look into them he is really sweet too but you know he has a girlfriend but yet he throws out signals that he might be gay or something i so desprately want him to be gay and to like me but could I ever get that lucky? my dream is to just spend at least one night with him even if we dont have sex he means much more to that because i cant even jerk off to him yet i think hes hot so i guess that goes to show how much I love him. i guess, though, that maybe i should just give up on trying to find someone that i can truly care for and know that they truly do care about me also. Trevor is the only one that makes me happy anymore i look forward to computers class everyday i have it because I sit right next to him and ms brooks doesnt care if we talk. if i could have one wish in this whole world, anything at all even eternal life over Trevor i wouldnt even have to think about it i would pick Trevor right then and there because its like in the fellowship of the ring arwen tells aragorn that she would rather face one life in this world than face all the ages of this world without you. i cant stand it anymore its like tearing me apart inside, even to the point into depression even though i love him so it makes me depressed to think about him because the way life is treating me right now it would seem that he would never like a person if at all a boy for that matter. the thought of him one day just leaving me out in the rain or making fun of me with out kidding around is enough for me to consider suicide, funny isnt it? we want to end our lives just for a certain person just because we loved him, i guess it does make kind of sense because love is the most powerful thing in the universe, without love nothing would exist. I cant take it anymore i want him so bad, maybe i should just tell him how i feel but then he would just like hurt my feelings from which i could never recover eventually leading up to my death... will i ever find someone who loves me back if Trevor rejects me? but what if i did kill myself over Trevor and it turns out to be another romeo and juliet where i kill myself just to have Trevor follow and when we get to heaven we realize that we could of just said something to each other and we could of lived in love with each other for the rest of our lives. havent you ever noticed that it has always come down to 3 simple words that kill so many yet offend many others "I love you". why cant i find the strength to tell him how i feel, maybe its because i will get beat up by everyone in the school and be teased worse than i have ever been. love is supposed to be a beautiful thing isnt it? then why does it hurt so much? am i the only one that feels this pain called "love", or is there thousands of others out there that love someone yet are hurting so bad. i need someone to love as a boyfriend. Trevor is the man of my dreams but he tears me apart inside by me not knowing if he likes me back. I guess that this is just another example of how bad it feels to love someone deeply that may or may not love you deeply back. even if Trevor doesnt love me at least he could spare me our friendship so I could be blessed with the fact that he does like my personality somewhat just maybe he isnt gay but hes ok with me liking him, hell he might even get a kick out of the whole thing. you know writing this has brought me to tears, maybe i need help... no, not maybe, I DO need help! Fuck this world and this life, there's nothing to look forward to but death but then what after death? nothing?