today wasnt actually all that bad, people, for the most part, thought my hair looked pretty cool i didnt get to school early enough to do the blue so i'll have to try again tomorrow if we have school that is! i hear that it's supposed to snow heavily tonight with about 2-3 more inches with snow continuing into tomorrow with another 4-5inches! yay! lol in biology we had to carry our eggs without the shells and luckily mine didnt break! then we had to weight them and all that shit then we just worked on our terms, so it wasn't too bad. in french we just went over some vocab and did a little recap on what we have done so far... Il neige beacoup en hiver! lol im such a dork. in computers we tried to force mrs welke into ordering some pizza but didnt have any luck so we just worked on chapter 2 labs, i got caught listening to music again, o well she didnt do anything so i'll just do it again wednesday. at lunch nothing much happened k8lyn wrote me and she wanted to know if i got the nudy pics yet, well i didnt but im not worried about them, besides i already know that he's a total hotty! mmm lol k ill stop now... in history today ryan thought that my hair looked pretty cool, we took more notes and found out that we have another test friday, thats like a test a week! its insane! he's gonig too fast i think! we had to read these really old books so i drew a cock in this guys mouth w/ cum splattering all over lol.. im so immature, alysia thought it was funny though! after school i had to go back to the dentist to get the one filling fixed and then get two more done, so my mouth is really numb right now, he said that my teeth are too soft or something so now i have to use floride everynite, its not so bad, the mint flavor tastes like spearmint gum, but it leaves a film on your teeth so you have to brush them like an hour after you use it which is kind of a pain, but hey whatever keeps me from getting these damn cavities! i wrote a bit of poetry today, i think one of them is kick ass, i called it alone and in the dark, its awesome but i forgot it in my locker! how dumb is that? lol o well ill have to post it tomorrow or something. we finally get our report cards in seminar tomorrow so i can see how bad i did, i know i failed my math exam so i wont be going on to the next level of math next year so im not worried about it. i only have to take us history, english 3, adv. biology, and a seminar since im going to  VOTEC  that way i can get ahead for college and i heard that i can earn up to like 50,000 a year right out of highschool! that is soooo awesome... told courtney today that i was gay and she took it pretty well so far, ill have to talk to her at school or something... tonight for homework i have advanced algebra, french, and some reading to do out of my lit book so i'll probably finish up on here and then call eric and get cracking at it... well until tomorrow all you ppls lol