today was ok i suppose, it started of REALLY shitty though. The battery in my brother's car died so we had to jump it w/ my mom's car so it made me late for school! i was extremely tired in biology and we had to watch some stupid ass movie so i tried to catch some z's but the damn thing was turned up really loud! so that kind of sucked, i went into french class today and found out that i had an a- for the semester so that made me feel a little bit better, then i found out that we could pick our seats for the new seating chart so it wasnt all that bad... then in computers mandy transfered in (a freshman) so thats awesome, she's really smart and is really deep into things, so yeah if i wasnt gay i think i would go out with her! all we really did in computers is took notes then typed up some worksheet defintions (about 64 of them) they werent too bad since i was listening to simple plan the whole time *sings along to i'm just a kid* YAY! I LOVE SIMPLE PLAN!! they are sooo cute lol... yeah i just realized that this post really just jumps around and makes no sense at all! isnt that just fine and dandy! o well i'm a looser... anyways, in history all we did was talk about the Patriot act and then took notes, alysia transfered into my class and sits by me now. on the bus nothing much happened i just listened to my cd player and thought about things, i was thinking when it would be a good time to tell josh about my sexuality, since he is like my brother its going to be hard i think even though sara said he wouldnt care its still nerve racking (spell?). and my parents, i know that they will be fine with it since one of their best friends is a lesbian, shes like a second mom to me, she offers to pay for everything but i always tell her to shut it like the asshole i am coz she needs to keep her money, not spend it on me! o well, she's awesome well i better go, american idol is on and the oc comes on afterwards and i love that show, i'm sooo into it! well ill post later maybe...