I just finished the book Loosing Matt Shepard, it is by far the greatest piece of literature that ive ever read, it is deeply moving, even if you are straight, even if you are homophobic it will make you question your outlook on life. before i read this book i felt as though i knew a great deal about Matt's story but as i got into the book (about 10 pages in) i realized how ignorrant i was to his story, by far the most moving point in the book is "In dramatic and widely reported testimony, Fluty would later state that at first she thought Matt could have been no older that thirteen, he was so small (Matt was only five feet two inches, barely over one hundred pounds). And when she described Matt's brutally disfigured face, she said that the only spots no covered in blood were the tracks cleansed by his tears-an enduring image that continues to appear in essays, poetry, and song dedicated to Shepard.... Kreifels told police and reporters that he at first thought Matt was a scarecrow flopped on the ground, maybe some kind of Halloween joke staged a few weeks eary. No matter its provenance, the notion that Matt had been strung up in something akin to a crucifixion became the starting point for the repporting action to come." If that doesnt make you cry then i dont know what will. matt has become a symbol, a symbol for tolerance, and acceptance. Matt was brutally beaten and left alone, when he arrived at the hospital the doctor that treated him said that his face was beaten in at least 2 inches on his right side i believe and that it was amazing that he was still alive. the only thing that matt ever did was admit he was gay to McKinney and Henderson at Fireside bar one night, they talked him into leaving with them and then proceded to drive him to the outskirts of town and pistol whip him all while he was begging for his life, stole his shoes and his wallet and planned on going back to his apartment to rob him of everything he owned, they didnt make it back to his apartment, instead they ran into two hispanic men and fought with them which one of them recieved a head injury and were being treated in the same hospital matt was, only 2 beds away from him... matt's story will never be forgotten by the world this is all the more reason to allow gay people to get married, we deserve the same rights as all americans, the gay college group had pins that said "straight but not narrow" that they handed out to the straight students, dont be a shallow person, hate the sin, love the sinner... matt's college homecoming parade was dedicated to him, it started out with about 200 people but as it went through town people began to join, it was estimated to have over a 1000 participants in the end, no one even spoke they just walked, walked for matt it was a beatiful thing to do... Phelps (a homophobic) attended matts funeral and picketed, the crowd just turned their backs to him and his followers and sang amazing grace so the shepard family didnt have to hear his filth. at mckinney's trial phelps also picketed, so members of the local gay group dressed up as angels with big sheets draped over pvc pipes for their wings and stood with their backs facing him refusing to talk they just stood their and cried, censoring the world from his filth... even though i never knew matt, i feel as though the world lost a close friend, he was a complete stranger to me but when i heard his story there was nothing but sickness and deep sorrow in my heart for him, it is as if i lost a family member... rip matthew shepard we will always remember you, now and forever....