i was watching the oc today and it was kind of sad really towards the end if you think about it hard enough... ive been super lonely as most of you know for the past couple weeks or so, i dont even know anymore, and im pretty much sure i wont be in a serious relationship with any guy by time i graduate and that's not exactly making me happy. ive said it a million times and i might as well say it again, THERE'S NO GAY PEOPLE HERE! josh says that there is more than you think but i doubt it, because you can pretty much tell when someone is gay, the way they act and such. he was supposed to show me someone in courtney's yearbook who told him he was bi back in 8th grade but couldnt find him so that really wasnt good at all... anyways back to the oc, towards the end someone said, i dont remember who, that if you know something's not going to happen then just let it go and hold on to the next best thing, and i was thinking that i should try that, i know im not going to find love so i should just stop obessing over guys like justin and eric because i know that i have no chance in hell with either of them its hopeless... so ill hold on to the next best thing, my friends, they arent the same as true love but they are the best next thing. its still going to be hard because i cant spend time with them the way i would spend time with a true love, i mean im not talking about anything sexual im just saying that i cant hold a friends hand and tell everyone that im going out with them and say i love them and all that kind of romantic mushy stuff because i cant go out with them... well anyways... in history today we were talking about a constitutional amendment to ban gay marriages, and to my suprise the majority (about 95% i would say) of the class support gay marriages, they all said that there's nothing wrong with it yet they can see what the other oposing side is saying... becky made a REALLY good point... she said that the previous 26 amendments stand for liberty and equality and if an amendment like this is made the 27th, what would the others then stand for, bullshit? she also said that we need to show tolerance for gay people and mr stanger said in reply that if the government will allow the KKK to hold marches and say all black people will burn in hell through public places, and allow doctors to kill innocent babies and not think twice about it? then it shouldnt be a big deal to allow gay marriages, and if people say that gay marriages should be banned because of the "damage" it would do to morality should just think for a second, why dont they outlaw the kkk? is the kkk not damaging morality, society? if allowing doctors to take innocent lives doesnt hurt society or morality what does? why then is it such a big deal to let gay people get married?.... i decided to write to granholm and upton about this topic in the near future once school settles down a bit, its time for the underage teenagers to be heard, let us all be heard loud and clear!