today was a pretty good day for the most part. i ended up staying at josh's house friday night and we just chilled around the house and watched fuse all day today, last night we went down to mill pond and walked around on it, there was some weak spots in it but none of us fell in so it was pretty strong. it was neat to be in the middle of mill pond and look off at the highway and in the distance there was a cell phone tower, kinda made me think how in the not too distant future there wont be much wilderness left, i love wilderness except i also love the big city scene so i dont know where i would live when i get older. my brother is moving out (matt) he moved his bed and such today, he will be living with a buddy named derrick, he needed someone to help pay rent since his roomie moved out and matt said he was tired of living here so he moved in. in july i will be like an only child, my brother will be off to basic training for the summer and matt will be moved out so ill just have to learn to put up with the parents by myself... im going to tell jeanne (my neighbor's gay daughter and my parents close friend) about my sexuality tomorrow and see what she thinks about coming out to my parents because im really getting tired of trying to hide things and all, its not really too fun to be able to tell your friends who you really think is hot and ur family thinks you like girls or at least i think they do... courtney might have a hotel party over at amerihost for her birthday i dont know when that is but i think its pretty soon, im definately going, im going to try and see if eric will go too but i doubt he will, i dont think he likes me anyways, its a long story and i really dont feel like talking about it right now... that would be awesome if he did though we could get a room together and fall asleep in each other's arms, we wouldnt have to have sex, it's going to make me depressed to know that i probably wont be able to do that anytime soon. o well... josh told me today that someone told him that they were gay back in middle school but he cant remember the name, supposedly hes a junior so im going to ask courtney to bring her yearbook from last year so he can point out the person to me, he says i know the person but i cant think of anyone who is a junior and meets his description o well... maybe i'll have a chance with him, right now im extremely desperate for a boyfriend, no one in this town would ever go out with me i wouldnt think so its like of no hope to find one soon. o well i guess im done for this post theres more i wanna talk about but i dont feel like typing anymore so ummm yeah...