i finally got my ear pierced i got it at 14 gage over at point blanc in south bend just past the state line. i got this really cool hoop earring that has a lil ball on it i love it! lol it really didnt hurt that much and it really doesnt hurt now its just a bit sore, im about to go clean it right now... so ummm yeah... i had to get my birth certificate to get it done though because they had to see something proving my age so we went all the way back to cass to get it then back over to the place to get it done, it only took about a minute or two to do the actually piercing. im thinking about getting the other ear done once this one heals up so that'll be in about 6 weeks or so... yesterday i was in another bad mood people were driving me crazy i just wanted to be left alone and just go back to bed and lay there wishing i was with somebody again, man i'm pathetic! it seems like every once in a while i get really depressed and lonely, yesterday was one of those times, my mom said that that's the way she is when she's not on her meds so i might end up going on some soon i think but she doesnt know that im gay so maybe not... i talked to eric today and he wasnt up to much im trying to see if he will come to dowagiac sometime so we could hang out somewhere, hell maybe even have a party at the hotel and have him come along w/ a bunch of friends that would be like super awesome! but yeah i dont think he would come but hey it would be worth a shot, maybe someday i can have a party there, it would have to be for my birthday though, its the only excuse i could use to have one... although everyone would have to pay for a room, maybe i could have a sleep over camp out thing in the field behind the house that would be cool but i doubt he would want to go... well i guess thats it for tonight i'll post more later or something o and check out the jeremy botter blog link i have, he was on cbs news, hes in kuwait now i believe so you might wanna read it, its really quite interesting... well bye everybody