well on yahoo news just about 5 minutes ago they had an   artcle  about a constitutional amendment in mass. once again i will say that banning or refusing to recognize a gay marriages would be an act of discrimination. and not to sound racist or anything, im not trying to anyways take it as you wish, i think that if you talk to any elderly black person or someone that has heard their stories of when they had virtually no rights at all they will tell you that it was a very hard and painful time to be discriminated against because of their skin color. now imagine if you will if gays started to loose their rights one by one which has a good chance to happen if this amendment is passed, gay people will experience close to the same pain that african americans experienced but not to the same degree, because obviously gay people will face alot less pain than african americans did.  "Opponents rooted their arguments in the constitution's guarantee of every citizen's right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. Sen. Dianne Wilkerson, D-Boston, drew upon her experience as a black woman growing up in Arkansas, where the public hospital did not allow her mother to deliver her children.   "I know the pain of being less than equal and I cannot and will not impose that status on anyone else," a teary-eyed Wilkerson said. "I was but one generation removed from an existence in slavery. I could not in good conscience ever vote to send anyone to that place from which my family fled."      that above was an excerpt from the yahoo news article. i think it pretty much explains itself. people that are against gay marriages are also against the US constitution, the document our very nation was founded on, does it not say all people are equal and have equal rights in the law's eyes? because last i checked it did... also i believe the bible says that you shouldnt judge someone unless you are judged by that someone first, am i right? i know it was something to that effect. im also aware that marriages have been defined as a union between a man and women for about 3,000 years, but come on things change obviously, what would be so wrong about letting us get married? it wouldnt take any meaning away from heterosexual marriages, they would still mean the same thing, and if you dont like what we do, just stay out of our business then!