lately it's been all over the news, should gay marriages be outlawed or accepted nationally. some say that marriage should be legally defined as a union between a man and a woman, i disaggree because if you want to and state that, that is like saying that homosexuals dont love one another like a man and a woman do. True, their sexual practices will be different but they still love each other just as straight people do. To outlaw or just allow civil unions between same sex couples would be unconstitutional, an act of discrimination. the way i see it is that the federal govt. shouldnt get into the lives of gay couples, they should allow them to get married and live happily ever after, because anything else would be discrimination, and under the constitution all people are equal in the law's eyes, so why not let them get married? the people out there that say all gay people should burn in hell and they will are just too shallow and uptight to see the greatness in a gay person. wheter it be against your religion or not, it is still wrong to hate gay people or feel any sense of resentment towards them. To make a law banning gay marriages would be an act of hate, and act of cruelty against gay, bi, and transgender people everywhere. if you havent heard of the matthew shepard story, maybe its time you should. matthew shepard was beaten and left to die tied to a fence post just because he was gay. it attracted national attention, and aided in the passing of several gay rights bills. taking the step of outlawing gay marriages will be a step backward, and wont save society, it would do more harm than good. HBO did a documentary type film  find it here  on his story if you havent seen it you should watch it, it could end up changing your life for the better. in the movie a priest said that he doesnt condone homosexuals but everytime someone calls them a fag, a lesbo, or a tranny it is an act of hate, and its time to put an end to it. if you dont aggree with what homosexuals do, then ignore it, besides its none of your business what we do in the bedroom.