well i finally heard it straight from my mom and dad, my grandpa is OK! in fact he is doing excellent especially for the type of surgery he had. he had an annurism in his aorta that was fused to his lung which is why he started to cough up blood a few months ago. he went to the university of michigan (an AWESOME health care facility)because no one around here would touch it. the doctor said that if he hadnt come into his office he would be dead right now. he endured a 10 hour surgery that began by shutting down his body and making the incision and actually using ice to cool down his body to help minimize the risk of paralysis, they had a 45minute time frame to complete that part of the operation and it only took him 38 minutes for his body to get cool enough to move on with the surgery. they had to remove the part of his lung that his aorta had fused to so his right lung is actually smaller now. my mom and all my aunts and uncles went up there sunday night with him to stay in a hotel since he had to be there at 530... he told everyone that he had a dream saturday night that all of his dead brothers and sisters came to him along with his mom and dad and told him that everything was going to be ok and that they would love to have him there with them but it just wasnt his time, his dad called him son for the first time... i know it sounds weird but maybe it was a vision, maybe it was real or maybe just a dream but no matter how stupid it sounds it made every one feel just a little bit better. monday night he wasnt breathing on his own which was expected, he couldnt move, talk, or open his eyes but he could hear people talk to him.. even though he probably wouldnt remember anything from that night everyone still talked to him, to help comfort him any way they could. my mom and dad ended up going back up to ann arbor today to go see him, he was breathing on his own and he was thrashing once he started it, it is a really good sign because most people after they have the surgery want to get up and move around and tend to kick which rules out the possibility that he was paralyzed during surgery, they had his hands and feet tied up so he wouldnt take out any of his iv's that they had him on, he opened his eyes a couple times today and when he started to try and get out of bed my mom and dad just talked to him and told him to relax and he would start to calm down. i feel so much better now, my nerves are shot though, i keep shaking like i always do when i learn something good or im about to tell someone a secret about myself... well i guess i will go, ill keep this updated as i hear more about my grandpa....