today was a so/so day... in english it was boring as hell, we just sat there and listened to her talk about some stupid story we had to read in our lit books, so i guess it was ok that we didnt have any work although she did give us homework... in seminar all i did was do my math homework as usual then worked on some english work so it was kind of boring as always. Mr brosnan made us go into "silent" mode even though we didnt really pay any attention to him, after a while he just gave up on us because everyone was talking so it was of no use to yell at us.. in math i had a quiz that i couldnt use a calculator on one part of it anyway, it wasnt all that bad its just im really bad at mental math so it took me a while but i got it i think.. i hope i didnt fail that one too, i have to get at least a d- so i can get the credit for the class, im not worried about passing onto the next level of math since i wont be taking it next year, just science, history, english and seminar for me next year since im going to VOTEC, we do scheduling thursday in seminar so im going to be running around getting teacher signatures with friends so that'll be pretty cool. in art i forgot my project at home of course, im sooo stupid, so all i did was do english homework and finished up the last little bit of math that i had to do, i should be working on my art project now to make up for the time lost in class tooday, i should also get a start on my scetchbook instead of waiting until last minute this nine weeks. melissa let me borrow her AFI cd so she's wicked awesome! lol its a good cd really i think anyways... when i got home today i cried, i dont know what about i just felt like crying today for some reason, i was stressed out a bit but now im ok, im not really that depressed today so thats a good sign. i still havent seen my parents but it's kind of nice, no loud mom and no loud dad to bother me when i am trying to concentrate on something! so hopefully my mom gets off work tonight fairly late, she drives me nuts! well i guess since no one is really talking to me right now ill just get offline and read or something, i need to get caught up in my book i usually read about 4 chapters a day but i havent been reading in a long time so i should get back into it, its a great book, its a book about matthew shepard, i cant remember the name of it but its pretty good so far, really sad though. for the life of me i cant figure out why people hate gay people or think it is wrong to be homosexual, some say that it is a sin, and that all gay people will go to hell, well i dont really believe in all that nonsense about religion but i believe that if there really is a god and he is supposed to be all forgiving and doesn't judge anyone unless they judge him, why would i go to hell? why wouldnt he forgive me? well i guess i could go on and on about that subject but i think for right now ill just leave it for another post when i have nothing to post about... geeze i just realized how long this post is o well i guess if you read it all you like me lol! well i guess thats it for today unless something happens....