today for some reason was a really really hyper day for everyone at school, even me! in biology everyone was the usual yeah who cares type mood until mr brooks seen that mo had the goonies and he popped it in and that just like set the mood for the rest of the day, i was laughing my ass off and i couldnt stop for the rest of the day no matter how bad my head hurt i just kept on going. i would laugh at stupid things! omg im such a dork! in french we played baseball again and our team (the dandys) lol lost by 5 homeruns! we suck! lol next time she will take us outside to play it she says so thats going to rock! i tried to talk her into taking us out to play red rover "red rover red rover send (insert name here) right over!" i luv that game! its like wicked awesome! in computers i had the funnest time i've ever had! it was sooo funny! everyone was really hyper like u know the song i feel pretty o so pretty? well mo started singing it and a bunch of other ppl started singing it and mrs welke is like o god i know now to never let the inet be down when your class is in here! then me and courtizzle kept yelling back and forth at each other and doing that famous trademark lorraine noise it was just too fuckin funny! i kept using my "devil" voice and told mandy to stop staring into my soul and she said i had issues! lol YAY! i have issues! lol o i luv that class sometimes! at lunch melissa recorded the new sp video for me w/ her cam and i watched some of it! i was like jumping up and down and people were all staring at me but idc! lol then we got up in line and started talking about some weird stuff about how i was gay and stuff and people all around were just looking at us i was like umm lol it was funny though, because they know im different now right? and thats what i want! in history we had to make our own country and ours was a peaceful one that had a really complicated government that me and phil thought up its like a really big hierarchy but i think that it would be a very good government but thats just in theory, there would be alot more factors that we would have to include but all and all i say its a damn good government! omg i sooo dont want to go to texas! its going to be hell i have to spend a week straight with my parents without any breaks! its going to be hell! we're supposed to be giong to six flags there but that place sux i would much rather stay here and talk to chad or hell i would rather be with him than anything else right now! well you know i showed him my pic and he liked it! he is sooo awesome! *kisses chad* i luv you!! lol im all obsessive and stuff!