today seemed to drag on forever and ever! i couldnt sleep again last night even though i took some ambien before i went to bed, a couple hours before actually and i didnt really feel that much of an effect from them... o well w/e in english today all we did was read short stories and comment on them, i read mo's (mo pizzle) and it was a really good story, it used alot of details and it was pretty funny too! i read dan's also his was pretty good too, although it did lack detail, it was mostly just dialogue the ending kind of sucked to but all and all it was good, i also read derricks and his was alright it had a talking dog in it lol so it was cool. in seminar i had a good time, it reminded me of freshman year, nice warm weather and sitting in ms. b's class being bored out of my mind or just chillin w/ sonny (lol btw sonny=trevor in  my other posts) she had me fold the cheiftain expresses, it sucked! my thumbs have like sores on them now from folding all of them! and i didnt even get all of them done! i did about 300 of them so im in some pain now... o well it was ok she had me get her a pop and stick it in the freezer in the teacher's lounge, that place is weird looking, it all has these '70s couches in it and stuff and some nice lime green tables, yeah thats nice! shitty ass school i  go to! in math jolynn wasnt there so it wasnt as funny bud mrs. lee did wear the fake hair again! so that was some good comic relief that we much needed. i got all of my work done for once at home with out spending hours and hours on it like i usually do so that put me in a good mood, i have to get my hair cut tomorrow afterschool finally, its starting to go curly again and i hate curly hair on me! its ugly! if i let it grow long enough i bet i could look like ethan off of survivor lol that would be ugly on me! so im getting it hacked off, plus i have all of those dead end because it's been bleached twice since the last time it was cut so its in pretty bad shape, o well i should be able to put in some v05 and it should be ok.. in art i was talking about my mom and how much of a nasty ass bitch she was and mr vandenheede was right behind me and luckily he didnt write me up for it, thats all i need is a referral! o well thats it for today i guess.....