today was actually a great day i was stressed earlier but as soon as i went outside for the first time afterschool today it like made me hyper and it made me wanna be outside all night long, hell if it wasnt so damn cold outside i would be sleeping in a tent, i luv tents when its warm out! i would sleep in one everynight if i could, they just rock, its a way of being outdoors and enjoying it. i remember one time when me and josh were out in the tent at his house a few years back and i woke up to the tent almost blowing away so i woke josh up and said we better get inside so he said o its not raining yet so we can stay till it does just then the top blew off and he said o fuck we better get out and put this in the garage and go inside so we got out and this was like 2 in the morning and we looked off towards cass, towards where i live, and we saw some wicked ass lightning and the winds were blowing at least 60mph steady i almost fell over a few times so we dragged the tent into the garage and his neighbor comes out and says you better get into the house a huge storm is coming so we said yeah we can tell so then we go inside and in about 10 minutes it starts pouring down rain so bad we had to put towels in the bottom of the outside doors because the rain kept bouncing right into them off the steps then it started to lightning and it was lighting up the whole house so we stayed up all night and didnt sleep to watch the storm it lasted at least 3 hours if i remember right. so that morning we call my mom to see if anything happened there and there was a down power line in the backyard so i was messing w/ her since it was hot i was like im sitting here in a cold ass house drinking slushies and i ended up staying there which was for three days until the power came back on.  speaking of camping josh's cousin said that we should all go w/ his other cousin matthew out west and actually go into the mountains with no luxuries and go hiking, matthew took courses on that kind of stuff so it would be awesome if we go someday, i love to go camping and that would actually be roughing it so im like pysched until we can do it  this summer is going to rock i cant wait we only have 9 weeks left of school after friday so that is only 45 days! im fucking happy as hell to know that school is almost out! I think that since sunday and sat are going to be really nice i might set up the tent and have a lil campout i luv camping! lol now if chad could come that would rock but that wont happen for a while at least i think so anyways...  tomorrow is supposed to be warmer than today was so that's even better i love hot weather though, once it gets into the high 90's and high humidity i'll be happy, i like to just sit out there and sweat for some reason it makes me feel, idk... good im odd like that but i luv the heat! well i guess thats it for now but im going to start a countdown for school we have 47 days left, counting tomorrow! since we have no shcool next friday!