this week has started out to be a bad one already... last night i got about 3 hours of sleep because i couldnt sleep at all even after i took some sleeping pills, this stuff is starting to get on my last nerve i wish that for one night i could sleep the whole night without waking up and then thinking about shit that i always forget by morning usually! its enough to drive someone insane. i finally got a wrist braces yesterday to help with the pain a bit, they seem to be working for the most part right now but i still have the pain in my elbows and thumbs pretty bad, damn im just falling apart all of a sudden.... my hard drive has FAILED yet again this would be the fourth to fail and the fifth that they will be sending me, this drive lasted around about 2 weeks before it died so im starting to get pissed so since i am stressed out i really let western digital have it this time, i said that they shouldnt be making these shitty drives that fail all the time and maybe they could lower their prices and stop loosing money but i guess they would rather use cheap shit and replace drives all the time... its really starting to piss me off.... my aunt and uncle were over yesterday because me my dad and my uncle chris  had to put in a new hot water heater that was about a bitch and a half! the valve to drain the hot water heater on the old one broke off so we had to run upstairs bucket after bucket to empty it then run back down grab the full one empty then then do it all over again about 20 times it got pretty tiring and annoying but it was good exercise that i really needed! i'm trying to loose some weight by cutting back on pop but its hard to cut back on caffiene im used to a 20oz mountain dew a day and a pepsi when i get home its hard to cut back but im going to try just the 20oz mountain dew for a few days and see how i feel, i should be able to do ok but im not sure yet. i talked to chad today and he said he almost came to the school today to come see me that would've rocked! i doubt the school would let me leave with him or anything like that but it would be awesome if they did someday.  i was just thinking that i probably dont have a chance with him because you know i dont have very high self esteem and im not all that good to look the least little bit... its depressing maybe because im a little depressed is why i keep thinking this but i think thats the way its going to be, ill never find anyone that's as good as chad is but the way i see it is that im just getting my hopes up on something that i know will never happen now... i cant get my mind off of him sometimes he is such a sweetie to me i keep thinking about how great it would be if we went out but i dont see that happening so im pretty much screwed....  im thinking that one of these days i wont be able to take it anymore and ill just give up like i always do and let things get the best of me, i only feel like that sometimes though so hopefully ill be happy again soon, yeah right, maybe its because im just really fucking tired today or something but i change moods alot and it gets really really old after a while, somedays ill be really down and others ill be hyper like when i first met eric, yeah that long ago, i thought that he was going to be great for me but i couldnt have been more wrong about that one... im glad i didnt get involved with him too much or i would be much worse off than i am now... well i guess thats all i have to complain about today so umm yeah... peace out....