omg i love this cd! its wicked awesome (sorry melissa but i just had to steal your word!) my fav song is girls not grey its like the best song on the cd but the leaving song pt 2 is pretty damn good too, hell i like the whole cd! i havent been able to talk to chad for 2days now and im missing him really bad! i know im obsessive but hes like wicked awesome and he makes my day every time i talk to him which is close to everyday except on weekends. i want to call him really bad but my mom's phone card is really close to being empty and she wont renew it until monday so i would end up using up all the minutes and get into trouble w/ my mom and i hate it when she gets all mad b/c then she gets all loud so ill just tell her to shut up or something she annoys me badly! right now im getting extremely bored and a little lonely again im talking to kaitlyn and she is like really hyper because they (the band) got a 1 at districts so thats good! the band really kicks ass i shouldve stayed in it but i just didnt like mr comfort or the instrument i played it was too much of a hassle to bring back and forth to school all the time so i just gave up o well... thats what i do i give up on things alot i dont have the patience or devotion to anything like that. i was just talking to amanda fox and i cant stand her! she is all like im going partying w/ my lake friends or whatever im like yeah right you wish, well no not really more like i wish it would be fun to go to a part tonight instead of sitting at home doing nothing but complaining about how bored i am on this blog.... i really need to start writting about something worthwhile on here rather than stupid shit or blabbering, but i guess im just too used to making posts like that so w/e i dont care.... i was thinking about what i wanted to do after highschool today in history and i was thinking that by then me and chad wouldve met and we wouldve figured out whether or not we could go out and if we did go out and we were still together after i graduate i think i would move to st joe and get a job and probably attend wmu but im thinking about trying to get into the university of michigan, i love ann arbor its like feaking awesome its full of college kids so that makes things like even better! well i guess thats it for this post im in kind a of a neutral mood so i have nothing to say and people are starting to get online now....