My back is killing me today along with my wrists its hell over here! I can barely walk up the stairs without having sharp pains in my upper back! I didnt get to talk to chad today so that didnt help things at all I want to call him really bad, I have his number and all its just my mom and dads phone card doesnt have but like 20 minutes left on it so once I called him it wouldnt do me much good b/c I couldnt talk to him for very long. Im thinking that even though chad is older than I am we would make a really good couple, every time I talk to him he makes me feel really good about myself no matter what kind of mood Im in. he is really really really sweet too so that makes him like even better hes like a dream come true to me. I know these last couple posts have been nothing but chad this chad that but im sorry I like him and all I just feel like I always have something to say about him so I figure this is a good spot to talk about it since I talk about everything else on here. After all this blog is my life! OMG in math today we had a sub and a test so since mrs hargreaves wasnt here today I couldnt go in and ask her for help on some of the things the test was on so I was pretty much pissed off so I wrote on the front of my test we shouldnt have had to take this this test today, you nazi. lol I know she is going to like that one! She really really hates me so I figure I might as well return the favor right? I finished my short story today in English I might post it on here but its a long one so if you want to read it just leave a comment and ill email it to you. In my English class we were given these plots, settings, and characters that 7th hour wrote randomly and I ended up with plot: two characters get lost in a cave then eventually find a way out after a while setting: a new york city high school in the 1980s characters: an ogor and a horse so umm yeah they didnt really go together very well so I came up with a fairly good idea: two kids were smoking their bong one day after school they begin to trip then imagine that each other are an ogor and a horse inside a rainbow cave then they come back down and everything is back to normal its actually a pretty good story its only 3 pages long though I wish i could squeeze a bit more length out of it though. I got windows server 2k3 today and im lovin it! Its much faster than xp will ever be and it is much more stable and secure, linux I think finally has something to compete against. This is the best Microsoft operating system that I have used yet, so far no crashes or anything, although the shut down screen is quite annoying you have to provide a reason for the shutdown how stupid is that? I mean come on why would I have to provide a reason! Im looking for a crack to get rid of the activation because once I activate I have 120 days to try it then im done so I think if I can get past the activation I could use it for the rest of my life! And then i think it will be legal as far as Microsoft will ever know! Those dumb fucks! Well I dont know but im in a good mood right now, I have been lately too this week started like shit but then got better and better partly because of chad I bet but still it got better and better, im finally caught up in my homework so I dont have that hanging over my head anymore, its like a huge weight has been lifted off of my chest  the carpet cleaners were here today now the house has an overpowering soap smell i hate it! me and my mom just got done putting everything back into the living room and she was all yelling at me b/c i didnt have the couch in the right spot so i said fuck off i dont care you do it... lol im such an ass but she pissed me off so i let her know it! well I just realized how long this post was so I guess ill stop blabbering like I always do since survivor is on and all well thats it for now ppls.