the week so far has been a living hell besides monday, its been dragging on forever but now im beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel, i found out today that the only class im behind in from monday's trip is biology which wont take me long at all to get all caught back up. i picked a good day not to be at school! windows 2k3 still hasnt come and i still have a shitload of homework but right now im looking at 2 sketchbook drawings, 2 biology worksheets, and to write my short story i should get the art done then work on my short story and get that out of the way and do my bio in seminar tomorrow if i find the time...i was talking to mandy in computers today on aol, i guess she was home sick it was kinda funny to be talking to her from computers class when she sits like right across from me. people still keep complimenting on my bag i think more people are going to do it if you give them some time i know they will... i  really never have anything to say anymore ive been pretty much busy with school lately and all... im talking to chad right now, he's wicked awesome i think we'll meet up soon if im lucky. kaitlyn talked to him and he said that looks dont matter to him so thats like a dream come true, i hope he wasnt just saying that to make her happy or anything because i really really wanna go out with him sometime if its at all possible. tomorrow i have to do my presentation in english class damn i hate going up in front of a lot of people, its just not my thing we have to do this thing about some dumbass poems in our lit. books that really dont make any sense, let alone flow. so i dont think that is going to go very well, i think all i am doing is a power point presentation i still have to make it up tonight if thats what im going to do... she didnt give us enough time we just got the damn assignment yesterday and we all have to do it tomorrow! thats just bullshit i think but o well she just cant expect anything too great from anyone, if she wants good stuff then she should give us more time to do it. tomorrow is my math test and i can garuntee that i will fail it! i suck at what we are doing right now its like totally confusing and if you make one little tiny mistake you fuck up the whole problem and then you are pretty much screwed because chances are you wont find the mistake and you cant ask the teacher for help, not like she would anyways, so its pretty much a lose/lose situation no matter how you look at it. i need to go in there during seminar and ask her how to do that thing on the calculator again so that way ill be prepared just a little more than usual for the test. i think i might have lost a little weight i hope i have becuase i need to loose some more not much more but i would say 5 pounds and that would be awesome! i should work out more, i need to get a lil muscle for when i meet with chad i dont wanna look like a lil tiny twig, even though i am i just dont wanna look too bad, i hope courtney still has that hotel party thing that would rock to have that. i dont know how long it would last though probably just over night or something.... i really dont feel like doing anything tonight as far as homework goes i think i might work on my story since i love to write but i dont think it is going to be a good story or anything amazing, i suck at art! i have to draw a choice thingy then draw a hood ornament which i think im just going to do the pontiac one since it's just like an arrow type thing with just a tad bit of chrome so it'll be a piece of cake.... im going to change seminars tomorrow i think mr brosnan is an ass and ms brooks wrote a letter for me so i can change w/o having to talk to mr dockherty about it... well i guess thats it for this post my wrists are killing me i really need to have them checked out!