ive gotten so far behind in school now its not funny, that field trip totally fucked me up! I am behind in math and art, since science olympiad is monday ill be behind even further, i think i might have to stay after everyday next week and use seminar time just to catch back up, this is why i hate field trips sometimes, sure they are fun while you are gone away on them but then as soon as you get back to school its like reality sets in and you realize that you are up to your eyeballs in homework so then you become stressed and then things just are downhill from there.... i probably wont sleep tonight, i drank a pot and a half of coffee around 8ish i was thirsty and felt like getting that little extra boost of coffee, not to mention coffee tastes awesome! i talked to chad again today in computers he is sooo freaking sweet, he says he really likes me but i know for a fact that once i show him a pic of me he wont anymore, thats the way it was with eric, i hope he doesnt get all weirded out or anything once i show him but hey i guess its all good.... he told me that if we went out on a date that HE was paying and that was that lol i wouldnt make him pay all of it , i would at least put in a little money because if i didnt i would feel bad. i think that maybe ill have a chance with him but i doubt it, most guys see my pic and run the other way i just hope he wont im not saying that he will but i still have that doubt in my mind that ill never find anyone... anyways chad is like a dream come true, he is such a sweetie everytime i talk to him he changes my whole day around, he always makes me smile and feel wanted in this world which is a really good thing because sometimes i feel that im not, well ok im not but still! anywho martha stewart got found guilty of all charges today so that was kind of amusing she deserves what she got though she shouldve known better but i guess money makes us all crazy somehow or another.  overall i would have to say that this week has dragged itself on by and in many ways it was a horrible week in others it was a great one! it was bad because i felt that i forgot just about everything that was important to remember for school but then it got better because i was talking to chad just about everyday this week, he always makes things better!  i was just thinking about how much this blog has changed since i came out, before i never posted at all and now i try my best to post everyday, this has helped me alot i think, it lets me get my thoughts out and it helps me think sometimes about my life.... next time i cant sleep i think ill get on and post what i have running through my head, it seems to happen to me more and more, i cant sleep because too much is on my mind and i just cant "concentrate" on getting a good nights sleep... last night i woke up a 4 and couldnt got back to sleep so i just layed there thinking about things so i was tired as fuck in first hour while mr brooks talked about DNA and RNA shit, in french we had that test hat i think i did ok on, the spoken part sucked though, i didnt understand what she said, she mumbled it so i lost a few points but that ok im doing good i think in that class anyways... in math i failed my quiz, it was over solving linear systems with substition and linear combination methods and we are supposed to go back and check the variables to see if we did it right and i couldnt get any of them to check right so i went through one of them and re did it four times and still the same thing, i went through the others twice and still had the same damn thing going on, i couldnt get the damn things to check so that was yet another f in the grade books for me! yay! *jumps* yeah right... well thats it for now... leave a comment dammit and chad if u read this post a comment!