yay! i finally got my computer back up and running until i get my other drive then all i have to do is ghost this one and send the piece of shit back to them! lol dumbass people at western digital, this would be the 3rd drive to fail and the 4th they have sent me! i cant believe this on is failing! its not even a week old straight from the factory! o well i guess ill have another one pretty damn quick here! today went pretty good the field trip was today and it was pretty cool, we had a survivor pirate type thing so it was kind of amusing... we got to beat each other up with those water noodle things that was fun! omg lol i kept hitting courtney and alcia with them and they were all like stop and hit me back lol i love to annoy people sometimes! i really needed this field trip i needed a bit of a break off school its been really stressing me lately and i know it is going to get worse because i wont be there monday or next thursday (all sophomores are going to career day) monday is science olympiad so that's gonna be another nice break for me... i stayed after school again until four like i usually do for science practice, i made up a quiz for mrs. hargreaves and i failed it, apparently we now have to know who thought up all these theorems and such, so now its kind of like history class! i sooo dont understand the homework so now i will be behind by 2 lessons and will have to go see her tuesday in seminar or afterschool someday so i can catch up and go over the stuff with her, i know she will say something to piss me off too, she always finds a way to do that! i hate her soooo much! omg today at the middle school the offices caught on fire somehow, we seen the fire department there after the field trip when we went by... i bet mrs wickett started it! lol she was a bitch too she didnt like me i dont think but then again not very many people do! oo i showed courtney a pic of chad today at the table she screamed DAMN lol i was cracking up i was yeah he is pretty hot! lol it was 2 funny everyone was all looking at us in the cafeteria.... someday we might meet up i think and hang out a bit, hell maybe we could go out someday! that would be great right there... well i guess i better go i have homework yet....