today was a half day for teacher conferences, i think my mom is going to go see mrs hargreaves-lee about the shit she's been putting on my report card, she keeps saying that i dont do my homework! yeah right, i only spend about 4 hours everynight on it! i have ALL of it in my binder that she makes us keep, i dont get her she checks to see if i have it there which i always do then she says that i dont do my homework? i just must be staring at my math book for 4 hours everynight, yeah that's me i tend to "stare" at my books for hours on end! what a bitch, she is always just like glaring at me and then laughs when i ask her a question i never do anything to make her mad though it gets quite annoying one of these days i should cuss her out, im sure i will someday.... when i got home my hard drive was here but i dont have a working copy of xp so i have to wait until i can get one from josh, the drive is horribly loud it like cuts through your ears, its quite annoying also... im hoping to have my computer up and running by the end of the week the way it was before my hard drve decided to burn itself up.... im like super tired i couldnt sleep yet again and i took some of my mom's sleeping pills (ambien i think) and they did nothing for me, they usually do though, i think its because ive had a lot on my mind lately. then i had to get up at 515 to catch the bus, take a shower, and eat some food b/c i hadnt ate since yesterday lunch time, i was freaking starving! hopefully tomorrow will be a good day, i have history though i hate that class, mr stanger thinks that we are an "advanced" class so we should be able to handle anything he throws at us.. we have been having a test every week in there its going to make me snap one of these days i cant handle all that studying plus 4 hours of math everynight, im not that smart of a person. hell thats too much stress on me, i have enough shit to deal with let alone school work everynight, 4 hours! its insane but next year should be much better ill be spending half of my school day at votec to get CISCO certified so that means half of the classes at the highschool which means no math YAY! i think i might take it senior year though, i just need a year off of it for the moment its becoming too much i dont think i could handle trig that sounds really hard, but then i thought i couldnt handle adv. algebra but i am with a c+ at it too! I cant figure out for the life of me how to back this bitch up the blogger instructions are very vauge and dammit im not that smart to figure it out! ill just make josh do it or something, he can figure it out im sure... ETS field trip to the college is thursday so im going to be behind in math and all so thats not good, its hard to get caught up in math class! but it should be fun, courtney is going and she's fun 2 be around so it should be wicked awesome! then science olympiad is monday so that'll be a blast, all i have to do is go to my 2 events then hang out with people and maybe bring joe's laptop or w/e and use that to play some unreal tournament i love that game! well i guess thats all i have to say for now so ummm Salut! (goodbye in french i think)