today was like... wow! chad is such an awesome guy. i was sooo nervous like when he called at the junior high to say he was like 5 miles away then when he called again so we could find him i was sooo nerous i kept looking for a red honda then when we finally got him to where we were and i saw it i was like omg this is going to ROCK! the first thing that i wanted to do when he got out of his car was give him a huge hug and say i love you chad but since there was people and this town is small i couldnt but believe me chad thats the only thing i wanted to do i love you ALOT! i hope that you aren't mad or anything that i didnt hold your hand but then the whole small town thing came up so next week maybe even tomorrow im going to tell my mom and dad about me and then the first thing im going to do when i next see chad is give him a really big hug and take his hand in mine no matter who is around, the word has to get out so im thinking that would be a great way of doing it. wow chad smelled really good too! i was like damn you smell good i think he was wearing axe or something idk all i know is that he looked good was really sweet and smelled good. i really think that this was the best day of my life and im sure that things are just going to get better. danette suprised me today, she got into a small argument with me before chad came and seemed a little idk unpleased that i had him coming in and the whole gay thing got brought up again but she does have good intentions she gave chad a hug i was like omg that is soooo nice im so glad she didnt have any hostility like i kinda guessed she would, so i guess she isnt all that bad sometimes she is really really cool like today! we just kinda walked around djack and chilled most of the time then when we were uptown melissa got up ahead of me and started talking to chad so i just let her go a head because i knew she didnt want everyone hearing so i kinda fell back a bit then she came back to me and told me what happened. she said that she asked him if we were official yet and he said no, which we weren't, he was waiting for me to ask him so i walk up and courtney and melissa fall back and i say so... melissa told me what happened and i said so, you wanna? he said yes i was like awesome! lol its sooo great! then we just walked around some more and i put my arm around him and he put his around me (shoulders) but we couldnt do it for very long b/c well yeah all that small town stuff came up again so yeah... i wouldve loved to just walk around like that for the rest for the night it felt like awesome im lost for words i cant even explain it... it was like a dream come true wow! well after that we walked around all over djack then we ended up at the park in front of pat ham and everyone kinda gathered there then we (me and chad) took off to walk around the highschool it was pretty cool to have some alone time if there wasnt anybody at the school i wouldve gave him a huge hug and held his hand that is definately going to happen next time with out a doubt. i feel really bad for not just doing it i shouldve just done it but i guess im too much of chicken its not that i dont want to but i cant, its like a whole huge complicated mess, but im hoping to have it all sorted out by time next time rolls around well actually i WILL have everything sorted out because i dont want to have to hide a wonderful thing if i dont have to. when we got back around kelsey and some dude and matt joined us at the statue place and it got quite loud but it was fun after that we decided to go get his car and drive out and see jeanne so we did and she liked him im sure, he was awesome i almost brought him into my house and told my mom that way but he didnt wanna get into it and i understand that so im not mad or anything i wouldve done the same thing if i was in the situation i dont him to be really uncomfortable or anything so im just going to tell them someday when my bros and sis arent around and i think it'll go ok i suppose its going to be scary but its going to be ok i think then chad can come over and we wont have to hide anything anymore and that will be even more awesome than things are now... im still in like a daze from it all its amazing today was the best day of my life i cant believe how great it was, it was more than anything i couldve hoped it to be it was just WOW it was THAT awesome. i really miss him now i wish i was with him somewhere in kzoo or something it wouldve rocked if i coudlve stayed like all night but that wouldnt have worked. ok well ill shut up now but hey theres probably more that i left out so ummm yeah... I LOVE YOU CHAD!