i was REALLY REALLY looking forward to meeting chad this weekend but of course my sister wont take me to kzoo since she is already in djack and doesnt plan on going back to kzoo until monday so it sux assholes! i was really excited about it and all, i was going to finally meet the one person that means the world to me! rrggg my sis makes me mad sometimes i guess there's always another time i hope. i talked to chad for a while last night and it was a pretty good time he was playing around on the drums he was pretty good sounding from what i heard over the phone i would love to hear his band play something sometime. i wase talking to him about how melissa always steals my ring and all i said ya know if you want it you can have it, i would have no problem giving it to chad i love him sooo much! *kisses* if we are going out next year around prom, im pretty sure we will be, im going to take him, it would be a dream come true if i can take him, it would blow people's mind but i love him ALOT so i'll take him ne ways! :p my mom was being a bitch today so i told her to lay off and go take some midol or something, i think she ran out of celexa's or welbutrin's because she usually doesnt get this pissy when she's on the wrag so maybe she did, if she did she needs to hurry up and get her ass some more before i come unglued! rrggg she pisses me off sometimes like its sooo bad sometimes she just doesnt shut up, she'll keep going forever and ever about something stupid then get mad at me when i tell her to be quiet. o well ill just retreat to the basement (the dungeon) and listen to some music and everything will be alright! music is a great thing it helps me to figure things out when im down or it'll make me hyper, either one of the two are good in my book. i spent the night at josh's last night because i needed to get out of the house for a while and since i wasnt going to kzoo i was like sure ill go, we just chilled most of the time, we got in a good 3 hours of fuse today we had that shit crankin' it was good to hear good music and hear it really loud its like heaven! i think i finally converted josh into liking simple plan, i caught him singing it today when we were measuring some stuff and i was like hmmm wahts that josh? i and i was ooo someone finally likes simple plan! lol it was funny, im hoping to get to talk to chad tomorrow, i'll probably end up calling him or something, o man i love him! *kisses again* you rock chad!