Depression is not exciting or intense. It is not extreme pain, nor is it the flowing of rivers of blood. It is not screaming and crying. It isn't romantic or expressive. It has no poetic beauty, none of the magic in death and pain. It is the absence of all feeling, masquerading as every sorrow in the world. It is nothing, yet it has none of the beauty of infinite blackness. It is beyond suffering, it is an eye without tears and a soul without substance. It is indescribable yet it describes everything. Don't think that because you have cried and bled and hate yourself you know how I feel. Your pain is coloured and tangible. It gives you a refuge and a comfort in times of need. Mine is an all consuming emptiness that bleached my soul and darkened my eyes. Don't say that you understand me. I have been to places you could never even imagine, and survived. Yet I am not a survivor, I am an empty shell filled with bitterness. Don't label yourself depressed because your wrists are scarred and you cry at night. It you felt like me you would bleed to fill your empty soul, not to release your pain. Red and black would be the only colours you could grasp from inside the nothingness, not those you preffered for their intense expression. You may have felt infinite pain but you have never felt nothing, never fallen into the void. So never say you know how I feel until you know what it means to feel nothing. I do not fear the castles of grief and torture, in fact I often seek to rebuild them - anything to fill this empty grey land that is draining my essence away. You say that depression is the ultimate pain - where the screaming reaches a crescendo. It is not, it is the place between joy and sorrow where the barren grey wasteland stretches to the horizon and beyond. You cannot write songs or poems about depression. It is not the feeling of being numb, it does not hide feelings, it obliterates them, leaving a gaping hole through which the wind howls. It is the dark night of the soul. It is death within life, and I am the living corpse.