today i was thinking about how close the end of the school year is, we only have one more test in math, 2 more labs in computers then its just building our webpages from there, and we are just going to finish julius caeser in english and read a short novel then we are done for the year in there which makes me really happy. so really from now on its pretty much easy shit from now on in all my classes... i finally got to talk to chad today which is like wicked awesome and i read his blog post for today and honestly it brought me to tears, he is going through a lot right now and i wish i could be there to help him out but im not so its like a really really bad feeling knowing that someone you love is hurting and there isnt much you can do about it :( *cries* i keep telling him things will get better once he figures things out which they will he just has to figure something out and once he does i really hope he will feel a lot better, im hoping to be able to get to kzoo this weekend and meet him up there, if i have a talk with my sis i think that she would take me under the circumstances since she lives up there anyway i think she will come down tomorrow night and probably leave sat. night so i could hitch a ride then and probably stay with her at her place over night and then come back home, hmmm *thinks* maybe chad could stay for a lil "sleepover" late late sat night lol hmmm im evil! my mom cant find the hair dye that i want so she is going to sally's this weekend to see if they have it there, they should but idk... in drivers ed i couldnt stop laughing today, first it was the teach's stupid voice he does then the movie we watched just sent me over the edge like this guy had a bright ass red suit on that like flickered on the tv then he got into a red car w/ red interior, omg it was nausiating! (sp?)  i was like woah damn someone likes red! it wasnt a deep red either it was like a candy red, horrible i tell you! im glad to have drivers ed done for this week and im thinking that its just a waste of time now because i cant really say that ive learned much except how to parallel park, that is like drilled into my skull i dont think i'll ever forget HOW to do it its just a matter of DOING it which im not good at all lol o well i just need practice and well i better go i have to do some shizat lol that word is odd....