ok i have some stupid ass goals that are pretty much random that i just felt like writting down in history today...  1) meet chad obviously 2) run through downtown eau claire screaming something completely random 3) get a plain white tshirt wardrobe and write shit ALL over them and maybe even put a few duct tape racing stripes on them KIK ASS lol think evil remember? 4) take melissa to the mall someday and go have some fun in hot topic and mess w/ ppls walking by... 5) ride a bike off a boat into a lake and/or ride one down my basement stairs 6) i have to break a bone this year its just something I HAVE TO DO! lol but it has to be something crazy that makes me do it 7) go from a bunch of cool random hair colors (blue is at the top of course) 8) go to nyc baby! well thats fall but hey its close to summer 9) enjoy my time with no brothers! YAY! lol 10) go see simple plan and good charlotte definately! 11) go linedancing idk y but that just seems like it would be fun to do if i had a really really strong caffiene high (cornerstone here i come!) even the music sux u gotta love it lol 12) just walk through djack w/ josh and try and find something to do and see how long we can walk around before we get in trouble 13) walk back and forth from town to my house (about 10 miles) at least 20 times w/ josh so i can get some good exercise  wow ok those are really stupid but i just had to do it idk y i thought of most of them but hey its going to rock this summer i think i wont have to worry about having 2 deal w/ ne one around the house for at least the first 6 hours of my days and that just sounds very very inviting! well hmmmm ok im in a good mood because chad sent me an email today which im about to reply to and it made me cry he feels like he let me down, he didnt let me down he just lost his job thats all, a job doesnt matter to me when im thinking of a guy like chad, he has a great personality and thats all he needs in my book! wow ok i have a math test tomorrow and i have no clue whats going on b/c i dont understand it and i got a d+ on my history test! omg im like sooo bad in that class i studied for ever *shoots mr stanger* dammit o well... im getting hair dye tomorrow or friday i hope! its going to be wicked awesome! well i better go b/c i need to think of something random to do to get rid of some of this hyperness in me!