this weekend was pretty great actually, it was a VERY nice break from it all for a change, hell i was even kind of in a semi-happy mood doing math. i needed to just sit around and not be running everywhere and doing everything, it was great.... friday night we went and seen the sunset over lake michigan in drivers ed, it was the most beautiful thing ive ever seen! i was almost in tears i was so stressed out it was like the greatest thing to see that, it made me think that my life will get better i just have to give it time, ill find someone if chad isnt the one, ill oneday be able to watch the sunset on the beach of lake michigan with that special someone, i think that once i do that with that person that it'll be the greatest day of my life, it will mean so much to me no one will even begin to understand... saturday jeanne was around so we just hung out and did shit around the neighbnorhood me and her talked about things, about how im going to tell my mom and dad about me being gay.. its going to be great once i tell them, no more hiding everything anymore it will be awesome i hope... then i went to joshs house and we fucked around with xandros and then sunday we woke up and blasted fuse and sat on the deck, we had that damn house pumping we had like all the windows open and the stereo just about maxed out, its a fisher but damn that bitch rox! alot more than my jvc will ever, i blew the subs on my jvc so now it sounds like shit but o well... then my sister came over and we just hung out over at my house and talked and shit like that it was kinda fun, me and her are going to new york city in the fall i hope she said that i should save up some money for the plane tickets and then we're set so i cant wait.... well now that i look ahead into the next week im hoping that it wont be too bad, i have several good aspects to look forward to, maybe i can talk to chad finally and then i will feel much better but theres still the math h/w to do and french and art so that ups my stress level about 50 points now but ill manage...