this week has been a shitty one for me, a very shitty one! since drivers ed started monday ive been going everyday and not getting back home until about 8 then i usually have at least an hour of homework on mondays and wednesdays and about 3 on tuesdays and thursdays... mrs hargreaves-lee is insane im thinking, she gave us 2 sets of notes one worksheet and 40 problems out of the book to do on thursday and im still not done with that, she didnt teach it at ALL so it takes me like triple the time to do the work, right now i have about 5 hours invested on tuesdays h/w and im about half way through its insane! then today we got notes, worksheet, and 36 book problems which i started today and i got about half way through it, this stuff is much easier than tuesdays assignment but still kinda hard. then next tuesday we have the chapter review assignment which is 103 problems long! its stressing me out REALLY bad thinking about that and trying to get everything else done in the 4 hours that im home and awake everynight so tomorrow i can actually come home until about 630 then its off to drivers ed again to drive which i totally suck at, i take turns too fast he says then i dont pay attention to what im doing and i go all over the road, i knew thats houw i would be but i guess ill learn to get better, really all i have to do is slow down a bit and pay more attention to what im doing and ill be fine so its just  going to take some practice, thats all...  I already know what my weekend is going to be full of, math homework YAY! jk its going to be hell i have to finish 2 assignments and i should really get started on the review if i have time but i dont know... so far on tuesday's assignment i have about 5 pages full of work and thats only like half way through! now if a 40 prob. assignment takes up around 10 pages im guessing that 103 is going to take up much more than 10 im going to shoot mrs lee i swear she said that since the work is hard she gave us alot so we can get practice even though we will never ever do this again in our everyday lives so really i guess shes trying to make it part of our everyday life, that bitch! well i havent talked to chad in almost 2 weeks now im starting to think that hes trying to avoid me so im going to send him an email but i dont think he has been at work lately b/c he hasnt posted on his blog in a while so maybe he's just been sick, i know he has been and i really dont wanna bother him so i guess ill wait until tomorrow to email him if i dont see him online, theres a few ?'s i gotta ask him ill post them after i ask him so umm yeah just hold on... right now im thinking that this last 39 days left of school are going to be hell for me, im going to be super stressed like i am now and knowing me its going to bring me into depression that will last forever it seems like so im not in a good situation right now i just need to go somewhere and get away from everything w/o having to worry about a million and a half things before depression sets in on me. so maybe this weekend if i get caught up on math i might be able to just go relax and watch a movie, i have a list of movies that we bought in the past months that i havent had the time to watch yet so i think i might be able to do that if i can get caught up on everything.. damn i just remembered that i still have my sketchbook to do which is 9 drawings due at the end of may and i dont have it started yet, its going to take forever so maybe i might start on that this weekend too and get caught up on french homework since i couldnt do it tonight, i dont have the time anymore to enjoy myself so i guess i better get back to math h/w and keep cracking at it maybe ill get a lil bit farther or something tonight...