Imagine waiting to meet the person you want to spend the rest of your life with, and then being told that you are not able to devote your life to that person through marriage. Imagine having tons of people look at you differently because of your sexual preference. This is what many homosexuals go through every day. They are faced with many issues that very few heterosexuals go through in a lifetime. It's pathetic that our government doesn't believe that you should be able to marry who you prefer if you are homosexual. They, however, do allow opposite sex marriages because to them that is what they feel is  "right" or "normal." Most of them feel that marriage is a union between a man and woman. Most feel that their religion tells them that it is wrong to have same sex marriages, so that is how they will vote. My question is: Since when do we base our government upon the thoughts and ideas of religion? Since when do we sacrifice the pursuit of happiness of others because a religion is against it? Our country is not based on religion. It never has been and hopefully never will. America is supposed to be a melting pot of different religions, ethnicities, and cultures. Many religions do believe in gay marriages. For example, Buddhism celebrates gay relationships freely and would like to have authority to make legal marriages. So if we do make a law against their religion, then we are taking their right to freedom of religion. If one believes in religious freedom, the recognition that opposition to gay marriage is based on religious arguments are reason enough to discount this argument. Another reason our government is so against gay marriages is because they feel that marriages are for the continuation of the species. However, I think that it is safe to say that the world is in greater danger of over population than under population. It seems that gay marriages would be doing the world a favor by not adding to the problem of starving children. Also, if marriage is for the continuation of the species, then why is it such a "sacred" thing to do? The government is also concerned that same sex couples are not able to provide the optimum environment in which to raise children. Well that may sound like a good point, but keep in mind that murderers, felons, and even child molesters freely procreate every day. If they are allowed to, why not gays? I think that people are just not comfort- able with the situation and that they are going to come up with as many excuses as possible in order to stop them from marrying. Everyone is so worried about all the reasons gay marriage should not be allowed, but they are forgetting that there are far more terrible things going on in the world such as war and our soldiers dying every day in Iraq. How about focusing on the real problems we have in society instead of interfering with another person's happiness for something that should have never been a problem in the first place. Courtney Dufour The Chieftain Monitor    That right there in my opinion was one of the best arguments for same sex marriages, it explains from a semi-religious stand point how gay marriages arent so wrong as in the eyes of others. And like it says, isnt the constitution supposed to say somewhere that the government cant interfere or persecute any certain religion, so why then would it be ok to pass an amendment that would go against the Buddhism faith? They celebrate gay marriages as stated by the article, so if an amendment was passed then wouldnt it prevent them from practicing a part of their religion? Last I knew the government couldnt do that, but I guess that times change and so called democracies based on equality eventually become Communistic states but hey what are you going to do about it? Its time to get Bush out of office NOW before he has the chance to introduce this amendment, if a such amendment is passed then America will become forevermore the homophobic capital of the world, no more melting pot for us! Just an unfair inequality is what we get well I guess that I do have much more to say about that but my hands are cramping so ill save it for later. Chad, umm I know youve been busy and sick but if you can call me tomorrow (thurs.) I have drivers ed from 5-7 again and I wont even come home until about 8 so if you can try and get a hold of me, Friday I have it 7-9 so umm yeah, o and I have to take my shower at 11 then go to bed its some dumbass rule the beyotch mom made up lol cept on weekends she doesnt care so umm yeah just get a hold of me when you can. Melissa will bring her camera tomorrow to take some more pics so umm yeah be ready 2 see the pants lo lol ull know what I mean when u c them. Well I love you babe so ttyl!