today was a very tiring and stressful day, i still cant remember much of what happened the earlier part of the day but it'll all come back to me soon i hope but idk... so drivers ed was today and it was ok, the guy was really... odd he used too proper english like turn indicators and freeways? cmon how much do you hear that? anyways all we did today was just schedule driving which i have to drive from 5-7 on wed and 7-9 on fri this week so thats going to suck, that means driver's ed everyday this week.. o well ill have my license soon and then i can come see my hubby chad lol thats going to rock when i meet him even though im going to be nervous its still going to be awesome no matter what, i think that we will end up being together for a long time or i hope so because i love him ALOT like most people dont even know its like josh and sara i love chad the same as josh loves sara if not more! he is soooo awesome he is going through detox right now though he's taking a break from drinking and hes really feeling it, i wish i could be there to help him feel better but im not so i feel really bad not being able to help him make it through *kisses* you'll feel better eventually babe you just have to tough it out, but you'll get through it! i promise k? chad still might call tonight, my mom was on the net then my sister called and she was talking to her for a long time so he probably tried to call during then, im offline right now, i just loaded the blogger page and started typing away, i wont publish it until i go to bed and all so hopefully he'll still call and we can talk i know he feels like shit and probably doesnt wanna talk on the phone so its cool if he doesnt call ill understand....  hmmm let me think... tomorrow is going to suck, i have english first thing in the morning so that means its going to be really boring and im going to be tired as hell and i probably wont know whats going on, if i remember right we are just reading julius caesar again so i might be able to catch some z's in there or something i hope so ne ways.... then i have seminar which is usually pretty boring because i dont have anyone to talk to really, its all senior and junior jock/preppy ppl in there so it kinda sux, i have to deal with all the freshmen comming in there since its a freshie class they always like flock to her seminar, god i hate freshies! they are soo... annoying! i hope i wasnt as bad as some of them are but idk i can act pretty immature.... in drivers ed i wrote on the back of my schedule IVE LOST MY MIND WILL YOU HELP ME FIND IT PLEASE BIA? and this guy sitting next to me for some reason had and intense intrest (he was a parent) in what i was doing so i wrote it really dark then i guess he read it and he looked at me wierd then shook his head and went back to taking notes about the license system, wtf was he wasting his time on that for? o well i dont get stupid people sometimes but i guess that im stupid so im a hippocrite! lol there was this kid in there that must of been confused b/c he was wearing some black shoes with blue flames on them that ive seen at hot topic, now these were some tight ass shoes i was liking them i wanna pair! lol jk but then he had on like this bright ass orange a+f shirt and an olvie green coat and pants, im not saying anything bad about any of his clothes just that he wasnt exactly doing a good job of matching himself maybe his mommy should dress him next time? lol omg im so mean sometimes but its all good i spose! well i guess thats all i have to say today im hoping to talk to chad sometime tonight or tomorrow so ummm wish me luck! lol jk