Hey everyone, if there is somebody out the reading this (there probably isnt because im a complete looser). Well I guess things might be looking up just a little bit for me right now! There's this guy that I like (not Ian) his name is lets say ummm Joe (fake name) this guy i know for a fact that he is gay because last year around fourth of july i was at a party and he went into the house and two of my adult friends (not that kind you perv) were talking about how they were looking at the history on the computer after he was on it and they found some gay porn sites listed so that right there just basically made me want to yell YES!!!! hes gay! so anyways he was over memorial day weekend and he was kind of oh i dont know flirting with me in a weird way like he would call me something just to have me call him something back then he would laugh you know stuff like that so I would do the same and he would kind of do that "i love you" look but im not sure i dunno. well then last week he sent me a actual written letter which was unusual because he used to just send me email well in it it said maybe we could get together sometime in his hometown and chill for a while almost like he was asking me on a date yet it was just to chill. so i dont know if he likes me or if thats just the way he decided to act around me or what i really hope that he likes me because i think we would be perfect for each other. we are both depressed so we could help each other through the rough times that might come along, that would be cool though because then we could support each other and cuddle when we are sad or something. this whole thing just kind of uplifts my spirit almost making me happy again even though just last year it seemed like i was never going to be happy unless i was dead, dont get me wrong though i still have that thought in the back of my head of wanting to die its like it never goes away but maybe its a sign that i should take my life so i can be happy and free someday when i go to heaven or wherever you go after you die. but then if i take my own life i might discover while im wherever i go after i die that joe really does love me and i have hurt him really bad by taking my life but then if i stay alive maybe he well pretend to like me and then really hurt me somehow just for shits and gigles... i dont know maybe someday ill figure it out, but until then... bye everyone