today really sucked! i had to go to my uncles for an easter cook out and i ended up just freezing my ass off for about an hour then i went inside and we just all sat there and did nothing the whole time it was incredibly boring! my grandpa is doing better but hes really depressed lately, this has taken its toll on him big time! they have him on zoloft but my mom told him to just get on celexa because that's what works for her, she has to take welbutrin though too or she can be a total bitch! i mean worse than she usually is and thats kinda bad! ive really been missing chad he never called but thats ok he was probably out having a good time or something, i know i would be so no sweat. ill get to talk to him tomorrow, jeanne gave me an old phone card that has like 40 minutes on it i think so i guess i can use those up calling him, i should just buy my own 600min one from sams club its only like 20 bucks so thats not bad, hopefully i can get one and i wont have to worry about a damn phone bill when i do call him. driver's ed starts tomorrow i totally forgot about it and its been forever since i drove and last time i did it wasnt very far so im hoping that we dont drive tomorrow so i can get caught up on some driving before i start in drivers ed. i was hoping that melissa and angie would come kidnap me from that hellhole they call a cookout, but i guess since chad didnt come which im kinda glad he didnt b/c my damn sinuses were killing me most of the day and i didnt wanna feel like shit the first time i met chad. jeanne came over tonight and i helped her load up a bball hoop and then she came over and her and my dad measured windows and figured out whats gonna happen with the whole deal, its going to be a lot of work b/c we have the old ghetto fab house that is all shitty and it always ends up being a lot of work to do anything to the house no matter how long you thought it would take.  i really dont want to go to school tomorrow its already stressing me out thinking about it, i know i have a math test this week over a chapter that we did last week so that kinda sucks, i forgot most of the stuff that i learned in that chapter, now that i think of it i dont even remember what it was about so i have to get some studying done for that, i can see it now, im going to get really stressed and then im going to get depressed again and im going to be in a shitty mood probably until school gets out for the summer.... sometimes school is just too much but i handle it so ill be ok.... o shit i just need the rest of the year off so i dont have to worry about anything, it would be awesome! but i know that wont happen so yeah it sucks i suppose.... well i guess thats it bye...