today was a pretty good day i woke up around 1 and sat around ate some pizza rolls then all of a sudden i jumped up and walked into the kitchen and took the doritos off the table b/c i was sick of looking at them there and put them in the refrigerator, now dont ask me why i put them in there its just one of those blonde moments i guess, i didnt even realize that i did it until i got out of the shower and went to get some oj and they were in my way i was like ummm ok im a dumbass! so that has lead me to believe that im pretty hopeless, cmon i put the doritos in the fridge for god sakes! o well i guess i just had a brain fart i dunno.... after i got some oj i went downstairs and watched my simple plan dvd and i must say that it was some pretty funny shit! some of it was just so stupid it was funny, now i really gotta go to the conert lol! some of it was pretty hot, i must say that they r hot too but chad is way hotter than any of the guys from sp! i mean come on if you dont think chad is hot then you need to go get checked out by a doc or something... speaking of chad angie and melissa called me today and said that he might be coming to djack tomorrow so if he does im going to go w/ them if they can pick me up from my uncles house so hopefully he'll come, if he does im going to be so nervous it wont even be funny anymore! ill be all shaking and stuff ill be lost for words ill probably end up choking up and not know what to say, im such a dork but normal people suck! right mandy? i told jeanne about chad today and she read his blog, well som of it, and she said that he sounds really cool and she thinks hes hot too lol, she came up with a way for him to come to my brothers graduation party in june, she will have him come over to her moms which is next door and say that she brought him so we can hang out and probably get drunk if my mom will let me which i think she will, she let me in texas so i dont see a problem with it or anything. and chad is quitting smoking for me, he says that he doesnt want to loose me in his blog which right now i know wont happen, he means the world to me! he is the best guy ive ever known and the whole smoking doesnt bother me at all, ive lived with it foreve w/ my parents so dont stop just because of me ok? i dont want you to be miserable just because you quit smoking for me, i want you to be happy not feeling like shit from not having any nicotine ok? so dont do it if you dont want to, either way im still going to love you just as much and that alot! well i really cant think of anything else to post right now so l8r!