the trip was ok in some ways, it wasnt AS boring as i first thought it would be but it turned out to be i guess ok.... the ride down was hell i kept thinking i dont wanna do this just turn around and leave me at home but i made it i suppose, it was a horrible ride through illinois that state is incredibly boring! my mom was driving me nuts i had my cd player on full blast and i could still hear her bitching about some stupid shit! i was about to shoot her ass, when i tried sleeping she kept waking me up telling me how much longer we had to go yet and i was like ok dumb bitch i dont really care! i ended up telling her to shut her mouth because it was giving me a headache from hell, im  mean to her i should try to be more nice but she should be nicer to me for a change, she always makes me do some stupid shit for her b/c she is so damn lazy she would rather see me get up and do it for her arrggg o well so anyways... the first day all we did was sleep in till about 8 which according to my grandpa thats late, he usually gets up about 5 to go eat breakfast and woke us up to see if we were coming everyday which we ended up doing a few times, then we went to the bar w/ him and i had a buzz going b/c he kept buying beers and giving them to me, not the best thing in the world, but i guess it was ok... by the first day and night i was ready to cry i missed chad so much, i kept thinking, i wonder what chad is doing and all that kind of stuff, it would have been awesome if he could've came with us. after we left the bar me my mom and jeremy drove to longview to find a best buy, it took us 4 hours but we found one! i bought the new lostprophets cd and the simple plan dvd, the lp cd is an awesome cd, i know most of the words to it already, i havent watched the simple plan dvd yet, thats on my agenda for tomorrow. then after we got back from longview we went to dinner at tejas which was a really nice mexican resturaunt, i had a wet burrito i ended up only eating a few bites though, i wasnt that hungry really i was just ready to get back to the house and sleep the rest of the night away or something. the second day we went to breakfast w/ my gpa then we decided to go to tyler and see what there was to do, we found a zoo but we didnt go there until tuesday because we ran out of time before we had to get to gladewater again so then the next day we ate a sonics, man i love that place! mmm lol, and went to the zoo, it was an ok zoo but i had to spend time with the fam and it wasnt to fun for me i still had chad on my mind the whole day and the next, well ok through the whole damn trip and i know i will this weekend too since i didnt get home until late. the next day we drove down to temple to get my grandma out of the hospital the next day so we had to run all over hell making sure things were set up right and all so we stayed in a hotel that night, which was a dirty ass one, it was a damn hilton! that bitch was expensive and it had condoms, used, on my moms bed i was laughing but still that is disgusting! that morning we ate at a denny's which was horrible service, the lady gave us a free meal because the cooks messed everything up.... then we drove back to gladewater which was about 4 hours then headed home from there we made it to little rock arkansas before we had to stop and find a hotel, we stayed at a days inn it was dirty again, it had a thing on the wall for a massage shower head that told you how to work it and at the bottom it said, enjoy good, clean fun, wtf? lol ne ways we went to a dennys for dinner and it was awesome service there, the lady was really really nice she sat down and talked to us and ended up not making us pay so we tipped her a good 20 bucks and she was like you dont have to but we did, it was the right thing to do....when we got back to the hotel i fucked my ankle up more than it already is, i stepped in a hole in the parking lot that i didnt see and i was down to my knee i twisted it so bad. it really hurts now i cant put any weight on it without it hurting so ive been limping around its still pretty swollen my ankle was already fucked up from a few years ago and i just messed it up some more so it sucks! this vacation was sucky! well anyways..... chad: im not going to leave you i promise, and you dont have to quit smoking for me im ok w/ it ive lived with it forever w/ my parents so it doesnt really bother me just dont like chain smoke alot that gets annoying but otherwise i dont care that is really sweet what you said in your blog about missing me, you have no idea how much i missed you! *kisses* and dont worry if your ex has to move in with you again, i trust you, i completely understand that you are doing it as a favor, i would do it too if i was in your situation, thats what friends are for to help each other right? well babe im telling you DONT EVER worry about me leaving you! i love you waaaayyyy to much to do anything like that..... i was thinking that we could first meet at the mall w/ like 2 of my friends so that way my mom wouldnt know about it and all so tell me what ya think, i know its not romantic or anything but right now i cant do much more than that, later on down the road i promise that ill plan something much much better! umm thats all that i can think of right now.... hopefully i can talk to chad this weekend to tell him how much i love him lol well...... im out