i really dont want to go to texas im almost in tears now because i dont want to go, im going to miss everyone when im gone and i wont be able to talk to chad at all so that right there makes things horrible really.... we cant even go to six flags now because they are only open on the weekends and that really really blows! we are supposed to be back on friday so hopefully i'll be able to talk to chad then if we get home early enough which will should since we would leave thursday morning and probably stop in little rock arkansas to sleep so that would put us around 5 or six i would say until we got back into michigan so hopefully im really hoping here that i'll catch chad before he gets offline.... well i guess the only good thing that happened to me today well ok one of a few things was that i got to talk to chad on the phone for about 15 min. i had to cut it off short though because i wasnt on the phone card, his voice is sooo awesome! i cant wait until we go out on a date with each other which i hope will be soon, i have to think of a plan to get out of the house to go on it without my parents thinking anything supiscious since they dont know about me or him yet, i feel really bad for not telling them especially because chad, i feel like im letting him down b/c they dont know him and i think they should but its going to be hard to tell them, im going to do it though because i think that its the only way i can get out on a date with chad and ill just have to think about it on the way to texas or something.... *sighs* im going to miss him so much! right now im hoping for a miracle to get me out of this damn trip, maybe if im lucky ill have some type of allergic reaction to something i ate today and ill have to go to the hospital and i could stay home the rest of the week, if it could only happen....  well ill stop complaining now... matt told jeanne about me being gay to get back at me for telling her that he was going to kill himself i was scared so i tried to help him so the only person that i knew could help him was jeanne so i called her and told her, then he got pissed because he wasnt gonna really do it and jeanne tried helping him about it so he got pissed that i told her and i said what was i supposed to do, just let you go do it? i didnt know that he wasnt going to so i called her... im about done with him, in fact i AM done with him i've had enough of his shit, all i did was try to help him and repays me like this? o well at least jeanne didnt care shes fine w/ it and all but still matt needs to just go kill himself i dont care anymore just let him do it, itll be a much better place w/o him, he does it for the attention and he doesnt care who he hurts in the process so im just going to ignore him i'll probably just block him or something.... jeanne is pissed at him too because of it she said she will kick his ass next time she sees him or just yell at him next time he calls her, i cant believe he did that o well so im just going to ignore him from now on, after i give him a piece of my mind of course... o and guess what my crazy ass neighbor did? she hacked down all the lilacs again just like last spring, we found out by me and jeanne walking out behind to check on them and we found out the dumb bitch cut them again so we went and picked up the pieces and as we were walking back up to the front yard sylvia comes rolling on up in her van so me and jeanne just stood on the property line and stared at her she said what are you looking at, jeanne says you. then it went on from there how we are living in a dream world and that she didnt pull up any steaks and didnt rip down any no trespassing signs, who the fuck said anything about tresspassing signs and steaks? she just told on herself, i said if we were living in a fucking dream world you sure as hell wouldnt be in it! jeanne asked her if she would like to go to jail for malicious destuction of property like she almost did last spring for the same damn thing she said r u threatening me? i said no dumbass that was a fucking question you fucking retarded crazy ass bitch then shes like o well you stole a bunch of shit and blah blah i asked her waht shit? she coudlnt tell me so i guess i didint steal anything.... we are filing a blight report with the township about the pool and her sheds that are illegal since they arent 10 feet away from the property line and the house and the electric pole along with the now 6 year's no use swimming pool and her truck underneath a tarp and guess what jeanne is doing monday? calling child protective services on her, her daughter has to stay locked up in the house all day w/ all the windows borded up all the time and when they are outside sylvia's calling her a little bitch and how shes going to kill her... so that girl needs out of there once cps gets on u they will be there for a min of 6months and if you dont let them in they go get the sherriff and break in the damn house! everyone has about had it with her, i mean barb wire fence didnt even keep her out of the damn lilacs so now its time to take the legal route.... well im out for a week so if you want you can email me, i wont get it forever but ill get it, im reallly going to miss chad im going to cry i know i will i really really hope i'll be able to catch him friday before he leaves if he does leave i will just call him or something..... I LOVE CHAD REIMANN! *kisses* lol