only 113 days to go till the simple plan concert and im going to preorder tickets so i can get them fairly cheap and im guarunteed a spot! today went by pretty fast and good i suppose all we did in english was read juilius caesar some more and i was bored as hell so me and courtizzle just sat there really, i tried to follow along but then mrs frantz kept interrupting and talking, she wouldnt shut up so i just said fuck it and turned the page when everyone else did, i wasnt going to just sit there and listen to her blab on about shit i dont care about! i was so bored i was about to die in there... my hand officially proclaims my love for chad, it says i heart cr i would spell it out but my mom doesnt know about me being gay yet so i decided its best not to write it all out just yet but i will soon enough! in seminar i went to art class to work on bender a bit and i didnt get very far so i helped sam out with her jack skelington (sp?) he looks pretty bad ass he is really tall and skinny just like it is on the movie, she even put his dog w/ him! then when i got back to seminar i just helped do updates to some of the pc's and fuckin avg can suck my cock! stupid thing refused to connect to d/l updates and when it did the files were damaged so it would try again and then couldnt connect, why i ask, why must microsoft make a shitty os so shitty programs r made 4 it? o well its a ms thing i spose. in math all we had to do was a notebook quiz then we just chilled the rest of the hour, amber and jolynn colored w/ her markers the rest of the hour and caroline left early to head out for south carolina, caroline rox lol then at lunch nothing eventful happened really i just sat there ready to get the day over with! when i got to art all i did was work on my project some more then i packed up and got ready to go then on the bus nothing happened as usual.... when i got home i had forgotten that this was the day that my dad was putting the dog to sleep and i kinda miss her now, no matter how much i say i hated her i miss her now, things are so quiet without her now its like odd.... well its kinda hard right now to be missing her but i do.. so ummm yeah... i talked to chad today, of course, and read his blog, turns out he has to come up w/ some money or he will go to jail and he was worried about me finding someone else if he went to jail, i told him to never worry about that because i dont want anyone else, he is awesome and i really really dont see myself finding someone as great as him, hes the first person to make me feel so good about things everytime i talk to him i end up in a better mood and everyday i look forward to talking to him so im definately sure that if he goes to jail im going to miss him but i'll still be here when he gets out so he doesnt have to worry about that at all... only 1 more day until i leave for texas and im really really not looking forward to it, im going to miss chad and everyone else and its just going to suck no matter what way i look at it, there is nothing to do there! we are supposed to go to dallas but it'll still be boring i think b/c im with my family and i really really hate my family well except for my dad otherwise they are all assholes and can shove it up their asses sideways for all i care! my mom is just so dammed annoying! she never shuts up! and the whole deal with being around her for a week non stop is going to be the worst part of it all! i swear im going to end up telling her to shut the fuck up! rggg! damn this post is kinda long comapared to my other ones latley so i guess ill cut it off right about here and ill post tomorrow but then thats it for a dammed week! im going to miss everyone! especially u chad! *kisses*