Hey people out there... I haven't posted in a while and right now things are horrible i feel they are sometimes anyway. Well first of all we had a family reunion to go to and I had the greatest time of my life! So that was good, I was happy for the weekend until it was over. I met this Kid that was a friend of one of my cousins, who I will refer to as dave, it was almost like a dream being around him because he is everything I could ever ask for in ANYONE! I'll call him Steve for now... Well at the reunion we would hang out, walk, talk about all types of things, and have a great time. Steve is awesome bacuse he is so polite to everyone, he's cute, and above all he can be serious yet he can be hillarious and he always knows what times to be which. Well me and my other cousin (i'll call her ashley) were all hanging out with each other on the beach and we were talking, it was great because Steve really seemed to like me as a person. But I couldn't really feel confident about myself because for one I have severe Acne, I weigh more than I desire, and I have a speech impetament. It was so hard because he would think I said something I didn't or he would ask me to keep on repeating things. It made me feel horrible because I know he had to of disliked those things, and if he disliked those then he would dislike me even though I am trying REALLY REALLY hard to keep the weight off because I eat alot (whenever I feel an unpleasant emotion I begin to binge then feel horrible about it and go back at it). Another thing about Steve is that he is only 12, I know it sounds sick and he's too young, but when I first saw him I really thought he had to of been older than me just shorter. Even when I began to socialize with him I would of guessed him to be at least 16 because he acted really mature he wasn't acting stupid he was acting intelligent, which I believe he is. So if you think about it he is really 16 because he looks like it and he definately acts like it. He is the most mature person that I have ever meet! Which goes to show that really he is perfect for me. Another thing is that he is like a leader because our whole group of people that we were in the whole time he wasn't afraid to be a leader for us he would say let's do this and we all did like second nature. All that was pretty good but this is where I begin to become depressed. To begin, I don't really know if he knows his sexuality for sure yet, but he might being so mature and intelligent. Second, he is more than likely straight with my luck of the draw. Finally, I will probably never communicate with him again and if I do it's not going to be until another year or two. I blew I could of asked him for an email address or something but that itself brings up the whole sexuality thing with me. Dave might not bring him next year again to the reunion because Steve kind of hung out with me and Ashley not him, so that might of made him think that he doesn't need to come next year. It makes me scared to death to think that someone who could be "the one" may never be in my life. Yet another good thing I like about him is that he is somewhat insecure so that makes me want to jump out to him and love him and tell him how awesome he really is and to stop being so hard on himself all the time. I guess all that I have to say is that I love you Steve come into my life please! if you read this use this email address for comments because i cant give out my real one so please just send them to lil_ian_dude69@yahoo.com because it is my friends address I'll get it don't worry. I just really want someone to talk to right now!