finally drivers ed ended today and that makes me really happy and plus i got to talk to chad today too! he was drunk lol he was on his way to burger king and he just kept driving down westnigde (sp?) even though there wasnt a bk there but he just kept driving lol he said he couldnt multitask lol hes crazy but i still love him! it was really nice to hear from him again finally *kisses chad* wow it was great i didnt talk to him for long though but it still rocked his phone cut out or whatever i think when he left so hopefully nothing bad happened and it was just his phone. I wanna go to battle of the bands this weekend with chad or some people its at silver beach saturday, i think its like a 12 hour concert thing idk chad's band played there last year he said they got like second if i remember right. so thats cool i need to hear his band sometime it would be awesome i think just like he is! i think im getting my permitt tomorrow so now i can drive with anyone over 21 or 18 i dont remember right but they'll tell me so w/e... jeanne is coming over tonight so thats cool too she rox 2 but chad definately rocks more! he said that he needed to loose weight today i told him he didnt but he still persists that he needs to but i know he doesnt, his body is great as it is so he can just keep it that way in my book.  hell actually it doesnt really matter to me, he could gain a 100 lbs and i wouldnt care he is still going to be the great guy that i'll always love! today was a great day pretty much, mrs. lee wasnt here so all we did was like this 3rd grade math packet that was sooo simple so that means everything is pushed back a day and we didnt have homework that was a load off my chest, i still havent started my art sketchbook, i need to get started its due in like 3 weeks and i dont have anything done in it yet, i hope i can get it done, i should be able to, i waited till like 3 days before it was due and i got it done, that was the first sketchbook, and i got like a b on it i think so that was cool i guess idk im bored now i need to find something to do this weekend if i cant go to battle of the bands because i dont feel like going to my uncle chris's my aunt is apparently anti-gay so that kind of sucks i know that if she finds out about it that she will talk about me behind her back but thats ok everyone else does and i dont really like her that much in the first place so she can talk all she wants to whoever she wants, doesnt make a difference to me... i think im going to buy those tickets from ashley this week if i can and im getting simple plan tickets tomorrow, my dad forgot to leave his credit card, but once i order them i guess they will just email them to me for me to print if i understand it right so thats cool too, i cant wait until that concert, i dont think i can get chad a ticket im going to try and figure out a way, im really really hoping that i can get him one, hopefully i should just be able to lie to my mom and tell her that whoever it is that im getting the ticket for doesnt have the cash so they will pay later and she'll let me so i have to try and pull that one and hope that it'll work but i decided to wait until im about to buy them so that way she has less time to think about it, damn im kinda evil but thats ok im just a lil odd...  hmm i know that there was something else i was going to say but now i cant think of it so w/e... I LOVE CHAD!