last night was really funny... we all went to the drive in, marti, courtney, their friends from decatur, and i, it went pretty good i thought other than one thing that dirk did but screw him even tho i dont know him it was just a joke and he couldnt take it so yeah... scooby doo 2 and harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban were both playing although i didnt really watch scooby doo because me and courtney were just talking through most of it it was actually a pretty good movie from what i saw, besides dont wanna think about you played at the end of it and that was just like freaking awesome! i love that song! i was singing it in the concession place it was funny lol i cant sing but hey i luv that song so i gotta sing 2 it! then harry potter was really good even though i couldnt really see anything in great detail or hear it for that matter, it seemed really good and stuff so yeah it probably was... i about froze the whole time i shouldve brought a few blankets, but now i know for next weekend which i think eric is coming to if everything works out right, hopefully it does because im starting to like him a little again, its def. going to be a while before i'd like him enough to go out with him, so yeah i really need to talk to kaitlyn about that, why must she always be gone when you really need to talk to her? grrrr! o well she'll be back from vacation pretty soon i think so i can talk to her, shes the only one that really knows eric alot besides keems, maybe ill just talk to keems next time shes on about the whole deal.... anyway at the drive in i kept thinking damn y cant i just have a bf! i kept looking up at the stars and stuff saying to myself dammit i need a bf that would be soooo awesome to sit there with a bf and idk just watch a movie there it would rock.... well it looks like im finally going to get a new bike to ride around with that'll be cool i wanna get into better shape and i love to ride bikes so im going to get one for an early bday present from walmart probably, i think ill probably ride it everyday, its good exercise that i need, i plan on riding it to town at least once this summer without feeling too exhausted so that means i better start riding soon and ride hard when i do so that way it'll be easy for me to ride to town on it, i really wanna do it someday. so yeah thats it for this post... im done...