im finally off vicadin for a while they were starting to make me dizzy and sick and everything was like in a haze... being on vikes for a while isnt bad i must say but when you are on them for days at a time they just start to mess with your head, like i stood up one day and my dad said ur about to fall over and i didnt hear him so i just kept on and i got dizzy and fell.. so yeah i cant handle them that well, they arent even very strong ones either only like 500's i think and i didnt take to many of them so idk what the deal was there... i went to the doc today and he pulled the stitches out and the packing in my nose and now i can breath a lil, i gotta spray saline in my nose for a while though and keep it cleaned out so it doesnt crust over and get really really disgusting, its not pretty when its crusty lol im not so swelled up today so thats another good thing about it all i can sleep in my bed finally instead of in my damn recliners those things hurt after a while and i can swim now too since its just saltwater im spraying up there i figure that pool water wont hurt at all, heck it might even help to clean it out a bit... i went to courtney's tonight to get a haircut and a hair dye it looks awesome! i luv it! nice and short, and best of all... BLACK! i luv black hair i need to get my cam charged up and take some pics and post em for u to see, i love black hair! and my nails are black now too so thats awesome. i cant wait until saturday b/c there is going to be a lil get together at the drive in with marty, courtney, and their friends from decatur, there is lots of hotties that are going to be there so thats why im looking forward, mmm eye candy lol when we were at courtneys we kept talking about all the hot actors and stuff it was pretty fun they think denzel washington is hot! *pukes* hes just a lil old for me, maybe if he was younger i would.... gosh i need a boyfriend, just someone to talk to and hold and go stargazing with some night when its warm and clear, that would be heaven but the way it looks its not happening anytime soon... i keep finding great guys on the internet but they are all like in fl and all kinds of weird places so theres really no hope there.... i mean come on i loved steve and i still do its just he lives in the uk and well yeah that just doesnt work in a whole dif continent! well i have to go im about to fall asleep at the keyboard, very dangerous you know! (gays against keyboard sleepers) lol