surgery went really well today for the most part anyway. i was only under for about an hour so that wasnt bad when i woke up i felt really really tired and i had a horrible burning sensation in my nose so the nurse gave me something in my iv to help with it, since it didnt work she gave me a shot of demoral i was arguing with her she said that i dont want no fucking shot get that away but i didnt even feel it... the first thing i said when i woke up was is it night? b/c the clock said 9 so i thought wow i was sleeping a long time but i didnt so yeah thats cool. pre op was uneventful all they did was check my blood pressure which was low again, they were worried about it but once i woke up it was 145 over 90 which is really kinda high, they said my heart is just screwy about that, my mom has the same thing it cant keep a steady blood pressure but it doesnt cause any trouble for a while yet so im not worried... anyway in the op room it was super cold so they put these hot blankets on me and they felt good, the guy that knocks you said ok in 20 seconds youll be out so think happy thoughts ull heal better so i kept thinking about the simple plan concert and it was awesome! lol then after surgery i have this face band holding gauze on my nose since it will bleed steady like a bloody nose does for about a week or so, and i have that horrible feeling of blood dripping down my throat and it is sooo sore from the tube they put in me to breathe too but its going to get better i hope... i have to sleep in the recliner for a while since i cant lay flat or bend over because if i did they said i would probably have blood in my throat and i would drown in it, so yeah LOTS of bleeding right now and some mucus too, its quite the nasty lil job i got going on right now but itll be better. it hurts like hell if im not on my vicadin, right now im not feeling a thing except happyness lol i luv vikes they work so good! they're some extra strengths too! *dances* lol well i better go get something to eat and take an antibiotic!