after all that i said in that post i thought i had things figured out but i dont now im just in a crappy mood before surgery and im starting to get into one of my depressed lows again, and that's definately not good when surgery is tomorrow because your body wont heal as good when you are depressed, or at least thats what i heard. so yeah things are still on my mind that just wont leave no matter how many times i tell myself that i'm over all of that i'm just lieing to myself to think about what i almost did that saturday night, no one wouldve known except my parents when they wouldve came down to get me up for my uncles party so yeah i was so close that night to just ending it all, i had the stuff to do it, all i had to do was take a few pills, mix them a bit and i wouldve been out cold and never woken up again. i scared myself that night i kept thinking about all of my friends and what they would have to go through so i stopped myself... i did semi over dose on benadryl i could hardly walk straight and talk that night when i went to bed but i slept it off with the only side affects being a migraine the next day. so yeah... things are still on my mind about how i screwed things up and yeah they wont go away im not looking to get back together with him or anything its just i wish i couldve at least talked to him before it all went downhill and well i guess that wouldve made me feel better. but i guess i just messed things up too bad and i didnt deserve it which i understand why, i dont even really wanna go into that story it was the worst couple weeks of my life i remember sitting there in history with alysia talking about something i didnt care about and mr stanger was telling us to take notes and i just sat there about ready to start bawling i had to fight and fight to keep it back i didnt care what was going on, thats all i could think about when i wasnt occupied with better friends that i enjoyed to be around more than alysia i just kept thinking about it and i cried one time in there i just put my head down and wiped my eyes when i was done, i was quiet about it and i didnt want mr stanger to see because i knew he would tell me to go talk to mr luthringer and at that time i didnt want to even hear chad's name but yeah im starting to get better now about it, its just been a really low point right now i cant stop thinking about it all. one thing that i would thank chad for is getting rid of all the posts from when he first started his blog, i used to read them all the time and i would start crying my eyes out for hours when i read his posts and its hard to think about them now, i remember one was like a vow kind of thing to me it was so sweet i read it after it all happened and it was just too much for me to take i was like omg wow that was great when i talked to him still, i remember sneaking around on aol in mrs welke's class to talk to him everyday and i would be just so happy the rest of the day but yeah, no more of that, no more.... its like that article i had on here, i should try to not and forget things because you cant forget the great things in your life, remember them and never forget and you'll get over it, there is life after love... look at me im still here i pushed on no matter how hard it was im still here and i know why... its because of all my friends... so thanks for being there for me everyone you dont even know how much it means to me to have all of you to talk to helps me so much... if it wasnt for you all i wouldnt be here so i owe my life to you thanks...