after dinner i went back to sleep because i was really tired and i didnt feel like eating really anyways so i had a piece of chicken and felt like i was going to be sick so i went back to bed. when i woke up, about an hour and half ago, i felt like crap i wanted to just go and jump off a freakin' cliff , my head was pounding and i had that one thing on my mind that i almost ended everything over, i just kept thinking about him i still do every once in a while but this time i was like crushed by it. idk why i thought i was over it so i sat and thought about things for a while i figured i should just go back to sleep and sleep the things off since that's what i do or i could put on some music and think thorugh everything. so thats what i did, i put on something corporate and i just sat here and i cried a little but i just kept thinking and i have came to a conclusion although its probably bad in your point of view but it makes me feel better so i figured its good for me, maybe not you... well ok anyway i was thinking about how i screwed everything up, it wasnt just the email thing i acted really stupid around him and thanks to some people out there, you know who you are, i found out for sure that was the first mistake i did, so i thought about that a little longer i've figured it out, sure people think im great on the internet but im completely different in real life, the internet is like a whole other world to me, i act different, i talk different, and i feel different about myself, as it turns out most people are kind of annoyed by me in real life, and dont ask me why i think this because im pretty sure you know why... so as i figure it all i need to try and change myself to idk become more mature and act smarter than i do because if you ever talked to me mrs. perdue you wouldnt think i was all that smart because i act kind of.... idk... odd sometimes.... so what i'm going to do is try and change myself a little, its time for me to grow up... ok my second conclusion is that unless i dont change i'll find anyone that i will probably ever see in real life no matter how much i like the person, you see, steve, he is a great guy and i pretty much think he is amazing but not unless i dont get some money fast i'll never see him so no matter ho much i love him it'll probably never work, no matter how hard i try, internet relationships just never work im not going to give up though because you know what steve i really like you and i dont wanna just let another good thing slip through my fingers like i usually do... so i need to change and i need to change a lot if i ever want to find someone, its not that i want to just go find someone and screw them because i like to think that im smarter than that, ive been through health class before, many times before, and everytime i learned what'll happen if you just go around o i wanna have sex and just do it, youll be sorry later i dont want any std's that stuff is something id rather not play around with lightly, i mean come on so what i use a condom that wont stop em sometimes it could break or something and then ur screwed so think about having sex first k? well lol i sound like a teach or something... ok so there's eric and there's justin, eric is a cool guy and all and so is justin but justin wants to have sex i mean come on look what he tried to do? well anyway, eric is cool and i just dont see myself with him i already told him that the reason why i dont go to his house is because i dont want to have sex already or anything i wanna wait for a while and he said he was too but i just dont see me with eric idk just something about that.... so from this blog post onward i hope to be at least a little bit more grown up, ive had plenty of time to think things through and i think its best after what i did its time for a major change, no matter what you think i wanna change so thats what im going to do... wish me luck