today was pretty boring for the most part right now im listening to simple plan, so far i've listened to the WHOLE cd about 4 times today and I'm working on number five right now so thats just wicked awesome! i NEVER get tired of simple plan, because well yeah they ROCK! anyway... today all i pretty much did was read the whole day im such a looser i read the 5th harry potter book today and it turned out to be a really good book, i figured i'd rejuvinate my love for fantasy books since i had nothing else to do. i kind of regret it though because well yeah my eyes are pretty much screwed, i have bad eyes as it is and well staring at a book for about 6 hours just doesnt help at all, i should've put on my glasses but nah they are just a hassle so i dont bother with them anymore. right now its really hard to focus on the screen but i'm dealing with it... well after i finished the book i had a horrible headache so i took some tylenol and it actually worked on me which is a first! my nose is driving me insane today, its really really plugged up and i cant get my ears to drain for the life of me, today they bled for a good hour before they would stop so i had to wash my hair again because somehow i had blood in my hair lol idk how that happened must be some projectile stuff or something idk im weird like that... when my mom got home i was about to go insane, she wouldnt shut up omg she just kept talking and talking and talking i was like omg how much do you have to say!?! it would be different if she actually talked about something i thought was important like when we talk politics we will go at each other for hours about that which is fun because i usually end up winning with her lol its fun to live with a republican sometimes... speaking of politics they had a poll on bolt today about bush winning the election, most people say that he wont but i think he will because Kerry is an idiot and well lets face it bush is too but he appeals to the christian and most middle class citizens which is pretty much the majority in this country. i see it as a loose/loose situation either way we will have an idiot for president so we should just suck it up and elect Kerry since bush is fond of torture and discrimination, to me, that isnt a very good image for america by any means. that poll reflected what teenagers thought which makes me want the voting age to be even lower to around 16 because if you talk to any highschooler chances are that during a presidential election year they are opinionated about who they want in office and would love to be able to vote for their choice but well yeah thats not going to happen, if it would though i can garuntee you that bush would be packing his bags and saying goodbye america and i would be saying good riddance you tyrant but thats just my opinion and if you dont like it o well email me sometime and we can talk politics if you want...