         1. Kitchen wall cabinet:- Build wall cabinet to the ceiling to avoid dust being collected in hard to reach spots for cleaning. Wipe down kitchen cabinets every 2/3 months. Choose easy to wipe fronts for the cabinets.  2. Work top:- Keep food surfaces as clean as possible to prevent mould and cockroach infestation. Keep worktops as uncluttered as possible. Use water resistant grouting for tiled areas. Make sure that the grouting of the tiles is flush with the work surface to eliminate any chances of mould or food supply for cockroaches. Wipe food surfaces down after preparing food with a cloth dampened with disinfectant.  3. Clock:- Keep walls as uncluttered as possible to make cleaning easier. Choose flat smooth surfaces for the walls and use washable paint.  4. Window:- Open window to help reduce condensation and to freshen the air of the kitchen when in use. Use roller blinds or washable curtains that are easily cleaned.  5. Sink:- Make sure that there is no water leakage as this will be a source of water for cockroaches. Make sure that any strainers in the sink are emptied to eliminate a source of food for cockroaches. To clean drains make up a solution of 8floz vinegar with 3oz (75g) of baking soda. Pour directly into the drain. Leave for 10 minutes then run clean hot water down the drain to clear grease and debris.  6. Refrigerator:- Wash out refrigerator regularly to make sure that mould does not gather in the corners. Check salad draw regularly and throw away any out of date food.  7. Cooker:- Keep lids on pans to reduce condensation. Cook by electric rather than gas if asthmatic. Wipe oven clean after use. To remove cooking smells from the kitchen boil a cup of water with one tablespoon of vinegar.  8. Extractor fan:- Use extractor fan to remove excess moisture. A ducted extractor is better than a recycled one as a ducted extractor removes the excess moisture which a recycled one does not. Regularly change/clean filters over the cooker. Remember that lighting over the cooker will need cleaning more often than worktop lighting.  9. Waste bin:- Empty waste bin daily, wipe out with disinfectant, dry thoroughly.  10. Floor:- Choose an easy to clean flooring and ensure that it fits tightly around bases of the cabinets. Clean up immediately spills and food that has been dropped.