         Rock and Pop CDs: Red Hot Chili Peppers - Live In Hyde Park (Warner Bros)  Tom Baxter - Feather And Stone (Columbia)  Reviewed by Graeme Virtue    IT must be great being a Red Hot Chili Peppers fan in 2004. Ten years ago, the Los Angeles pranksters were making wiry, freaky punk-funk that could increase your blood sugar and make your sex magic, but all their UK record company was interested in doing was endlessly re-releasing their signature track Under The Bridge in an effort to make it a hit. Boo hoo.  For the last two years, though, there’s been a steady stream of solid RHCP product; their By The Way album and its brood of nagging singles, then a greatest hits (their second), then a DVD and now this: a double live album that clocks in at over two hours, collated from their three sold-out shows at London’s Hyde Park in June this year.   Despite their chaotic career arc – stratospheric highs and grubby, druggy lows – the Chilis have survived to become one of the biggest bands on the planet, almost by accident. No matter how you feel about their deliriously melody-laden recent material, they’ve earned the right to release a live record to mint their moment at the top .  Of course, live albums are usually an indulgence, for both record buyer and band. Here, you get reasonable versions of most of their best songs – from Throw Away Your Television to Can’t Stop, Scar Tissue to Zephyr Song – but without actually being there, the wind occasionally snatching the tune out of your ears, it can all seem a little flat, despite Flea’s heroic bass manipulation and Anthony Keidis’s unwavering vocals.  The most interesting moments are the throwaway ones – the cover of Joy Division’s Transmission that serves as the introduction to Right On Time, a falsetto I Feel Love and a medley of famous drum solos (!). Unfortunately, there’s also a three-minute trumpet workout from Flea, pointlessly filtered through a guitar pedal and a final, final encore of Give It Away that stretches out into a plodding 10-minute jam. Under The Bridge still sounds good, though. Maybe they should release this version as a single.  His record company are obviously hoping that he’ll slot nicely into a lucrative commercial sector somewhere between Keane and Damien Rice, but there’s real substance to Tom Baxter. H is quavering voice sounds like it’s been around the block a few times, and thanks to string-laden musical settings that owe more to Nick Drake than the usual cash-register jazz, there’s a sense of honest craft to the Irishman’s debut album Feather And Stone. There’s an emotional honesty to songs like My Declaration and The Moon And Me that gets under your skin, although it’s an intimacy you’ll be sharing with thousands of others in six months or so, when he’s deservedly massive.   01 August 2004  guess i got lucky being in the states then here for their highs there, and there highs here. interesting though how now they are so popular here, and well-marketed here as well.