         Bedroom  1. Window:- Keep room well ventilated. Have the window slightly open at night. Close window early morning and early evening in the pollen season. Air the room in the morning by opening the window wider.  2. Curtains:- Wash curtains every three months at temperature of 56 degrees or above. Consider using a roller blind instead of curtains.  3. Drawer Unit:- Keep clothes stored away in shut drawers. Wipe surfaces daily with damp cloth.  4. Flowers:- It is better not to have flowers beside the bed but if really desired then choose the type of flower with great care and opt for flowers such as lilies. The stamens which arise from the middle of the bloom should be removed carefully as the flower opens by a non-allergic person. This will remove the pollen.  5. Bed:- It is estimated that the average bed has over 10,000 house dust mites living in it which results in there being over two million droppings. Encase the mattress in an anti allergy mattress cover. Use anti-allergy duvet and pillow covering. Wash coloured bedding before use to remove loose dye. Wash all bedding at over 60 degrees. If the linen cannot be washed at a high temperature pop it in the freezer for a few hours and then wash at a lower temperature. Avoid bedspreads and quilts as these make ideal homes for housedust mite. Store bedding in breathable plastic bags. Cushions should be washed at 60 degrees every 3 months. Avoid padded headboards as dustmite can breed here. Damp wipe rail bedheads. Try to keep pets out of the bedroom and definitely off of your bed to reduce allergen levels and avoid an allergic night!  6. Wardrobe:- Keep wardrobe doors closed to avoid them collecting dust. Clothes that have just been dry cleaned should be aired outside of the room with windows open and the doors to the rest of the house closed. Do not put damp clothes away in the wardrobe. Place folded garments on wire racks rather than shelves to avoid mould and mites. Avoid mothballs or mothproofer. Use instead dried lavender flowers, dried rosemary or cedar chips in sachets. If suffering from sensitive skin use natural fabrics such as cotton and silk.  7. Floor:- Vacuum daily but remember dust can stay airborne for 3- 4 hours. Slatted beds or metal bases are better than divans as the air can circulate. Also try and choose a style where the vacuum cleaner can go underneath. If having wooden flooring and mats use cotton rugs which can be washed.  8. Walls:- Use low odour or water based quick drying paint when decorating. When decorating ventilate room well and do not sleep in the room until all fumes have dispersed.  9. Radiators:- Remember that central heating too high helps to create an ideal environment for the housedust mite. Try turning the heating down a degree. Keep underneath and behind the radiator regularly vacuumed.