         PERENNIAL ALLERGIC RHINITIS  Approximately 40% of all cases of allergic rhinitis are perennial allergic rhinitis. This is caused by year-round exposure to dust mites, pollen (in those areas where exposure is all year), cockroaches, indoor moulds, and pet dander's (e.g. fur, feathers, and skin).   Perennial allergic rhinitis generally lasts for over 9 months of the year.   The main symptoms are:   *	a blocked nose  *	an itchy nose (less common)  *	sneezing (less common)  *	a runny nose (less common)   PERENNIAL ALLERGIC RHINITIS WITH SEASONAL WORSENING (See Hayfever)  Approximately 40% of all cases of allergic rhinitis are perennial allergic rhinitis that worsens during the pollen season.  People who suffer from this have symptoms of perennial allergic rhinitis during the year, plus symptoms of seasonal allergic rhinitis during the pollen season. 	    	 Symptoms of If you have allergic rhinitis, you may have some of the following symptoms:   *	a runny nose  *	an itchy nose  *	sneezing  *	a blocked nose  *	watery, itchy eyes    These are caused when you breathe in foreign bodies (allergens).   There are different types of allergic rhinitis. These have slightly different symptoms and are caused by different allergens.  Your doctor can help you identify whether you have allergic rhinitis. He or she will ask you about your symptoms and may also examine your nose, eyes, and ears. This will find out how severe your disease is and whether you have any other diseases instead of, or as well as, allergic rhinitis.  To find out what causes your allergic rhinitis, your doctor will probably ask you questions about when you get symptoms, and what foreign bodies you might be exposed to. To find out exactly what you are allergic to, your doctor may give you a skin prick test.   If your symptoms are very bad, your doctor may ask you see an allergy specialist.  ALLERGIC RHINITIS IN CHILDREN  Parents should be aware of signs of allergic rhinitis in their children, such as sneezing, or frequent wiping of the nose with the hand, as children do not always complain such problems. Children who have symptoms for a long time may even assume that this is normal. A blocked nose is likely to occur at night and may result in snoring. 	  Top of page 	 Risk Indicator  Rhinitis is not a life threatening condition. Moderate to severe symptoms can however be debilitating and lead to learning disabilities in children. 