         What to avoid? Chlorine (Sodium hypochlorite) Many household cleaners contain chlorine bleach. Chlorine bleach, or sodium hypochlorite, is a lung and eye irritant.  If mixed with ammonia or acid-based cleaners (including vinegar), chlorine bleach releases toxic chloramine gas. Short-term exposure to this gas may cause mild asthmatic symptoms or more serious respiratory problems. (Source: Washington Toxics Coalition)   To be on the safe side, don't mix chlorine bleach with anything -- or just avoid chlorine bleach altogether.  Phosphates  Phosphates are minerals that act as water softeners. Although they are very effective cleaners, phosphates also act as fertilizers.  When cleaning products go down the drain, phosphates are discharged into rivers, lakes, estuaries, and oceans. In lakes and rivers especially, phosphates cause a rapid growth of algae, resulting in pollution of the water.  Many US states have banned phosphates from household laundry detergents and some other cleaning products. Automatic dishwasher detergents are usually exempt from phosphate restrictions, and most major brands contain phosphates.  Alkylphenols and their derivatives  Alkylphenol Ethoxylates are found in some laundry detergents, disinfecting cleaners, all-purpose cleaners, spot removers, hair colours and other hair-care products, and spermicides.  (Source: Washington Toxics Coalition)  Alkylphenol Ethoxylates are endocrine disruptors.  (Source: WWF Canada)  Alkylphenols are produced in the environmental breakdown of alkylphenol ethoxylate surfactants, are slow to bio-degrade and have been shown to disrupt the endocrine systems of fish, birds, and mammals.  (Source: Washington Toxics Coalition)   Volatile Organic Compounds (VOC) Organic chemicals are widely used as ingredients in household products. All of these products can release pollutants while you are using them, and, to some degree, when they are stored. (Source: EPA)   Some of the hazardous volatile organic compounds that frequently pollute indoor air -- such as toluene, styrene, xylenes, and trichloroethylene -- may be emitted from aerosol products, dry-cleaned clothing, paints, varnishes, glues, art supplies, cleaners, spot removers, floor waxes and polishes and air fresheners. (Source: Washington Toxics Coalition)   EPA's Total Exposure Assessment Methodology (TEAM) studies found levels of about a dozen common organic pollutants to be 2 to 5 times higher inside homes than outside, regardless of whether the homes were located in rural or highly industrial areas.  Additional TEAM studies indicate that while people are using products containing organic chemicals, they can expose themselves and others to very high pollutant levels, and elevated concentrations can persist in the air long after the activity is completed. Many organic compounds are known to cause cancer in animals; some are suspected of causing, or are known to cause, cancer in humans. (Source: EPA)   Trichloroethylene is one of the chemicals suspected of causing a cluster of childhood leukemia cases due to drinking water contamination in the town of Woburn, Massachusetts, in the early 1980s. The subsequent lawsuit against the polluting company was the subject of the 1995 book and 1998 film, A Civil Action. (Source: Children's Health Environment Coalition)  High levels of toluene can put pregnant woman at risk of having babies with neurological problems, retarded growth, and developmental problems. Xylenes may also cause birth defects.  (Source: Washington Toxics Coalition)   Styrene is a suspected endocrine disruptor, a chemical that can interfere, block or mimic hormones in humans or animals. (Source: Children's Health Environment Coalition)   VOCs such as xylene, ketones, and aldehydes are found in many aerosol products and air fresheners. Researchers found that babies less than six months old in homes where air fresheners are used on most days had 30 percent more ear infections than those exposed less than once a week. (Source: Washington Toxics Coalition)   Levels of formaldehyde in air as low as 0.1 ppm (0.1 part formaldehyde per million parts of air) can cause watery eyes, burning sensations in the eyes, nose and throat, stuffy nose, nausea, coughing, chest tightness, wheezing, skin rashes and allergic reactions. (Source: Children's Health Environment Coalition)   Babies frequently exposed to aerosols had a 22 percent increase in diarrhoea, and pregnant women frequently exposed to these products had 25 percent more headaches and a 19 percent increase in postnatal depression compared to those less frequently exposed.   Paints, cleaners, and other products with no or very low levels of VOCs and other hazardous ingredients are available.   