         The catarrhal child - a cause of recurrent colds, ear infections, tonsillitis etc   This is a very common problem and easily recognised. There is a history of recurrent colds, snotty nose with green candles, blocked nose, poor sensations of taste and smell, and mouth breathing. Often there are recurrent attacks of tonsillitis, ear infections, sore throat and perhaps sinusitis. Untreated these children go on to get glue ear and deafness, failure to progress at school and may need grommets inserting.   Excessive catarrh is the bodyís way of trying to wash out something it does not want. For viral or bacterial infection this is entirely appropriate. However when the cause is an allergy, excessive catarrh is a real nuisance. Broadly speaking the child with thick secretions and blockage is allergic to foods. The child with thin watery secretions, sneezing and nasal itch (they often have a horizontal crease where the nasal bone ends as a result of rubbing the nose upwards with a flat hand the ìallergic saluteî) is often allergic to inhalants such as house dust mite, pollen or animal furs.   Other signs of allergy include dark rings under the eyes (ìhe always looks tiredî) and facial pallor (a slightly ìmarbledî appearance).   addition: i have dark circles under my eyes, thanks to the perenial rhinitis. allergies that is, and i look pale. and when i go to see a doctor, or go to the hospital, or a clinic, or a nurse sees me, what's the first thing most say,~you look pale, are you anaemic/ no i am not i reply, it's from allergies, 'perenial rhinitis"  yeah, well like that's no big deal right? my "iron count" has been tested and is fine. other tests fine. all fine of course.  except. ear, nose, and throat consultant a few years back, said my problem was allergies, and the fact that the mucus doesn't drain out though my nostrils. my nose was broken when i was 13, and i have that deviated septum, again by itself ppl would say no big deal ,but when yo uhave allergies and your nostrils have such small openings that the mucus doesn't drain out, and you can't breathe through your nose, and you must breathe almost all the time through your mouth...and get things like sleep apnea, well after years of that...it just gets worse, and worse. he was going to operate on my nose after trying things like steriod sprays etc etc...but the main guy at the dept said no. i think because of the cost. i mean hey it's not that big of a deal is it? yes it is. but other conditions are put way ahead of mine.  so now on my own. will look into privately having nose fixed.