         1) The main symptom of sinusitis is pain and the location of the pain depends on which sinus is affected.  • Maxillary sinuses – affection of the maxillary sinuses causes an ache in the upper jaw(maxilla) and teeth. The cheeks become to tender to light pressure or even touch. • Frontal sinuses – when the forehead is touched or lightly pressed, and pain is induced, the cause is likely to be frontal sinusitis. • Sphenoid sinuses – infections not common but can present as ear-aches, neck pain and sometimes deep aching in the head. • Ethmoid sinuses – these sinuses are located between the eyes and cause swelling of the eyelids and surrounding tissue as well as causing a pain between the eyes. There can also be anosmia (loss of smell) and tenderness when the sides of the nose are palpated.  Having stated this, the majority of sinus infections involve more than one cavity, and pain is found in several spots-  2) Head pain on waking in the morning  3) A low grade fever between 99F and 100F  4) Weakness or tiredness  5) A cough that is more prevalent at night  6) A runny nose (rhinitis)   7) Nasal congestion  8) Halitosis (bad breath)  9) Eyes are sensitive to light  10) Eye lids swell Types of sinusitis  We classify sinusitis as acute, chronic and recurrent  • Acute Sinusitis  Acute sinusitis last for 2-3 weeks or less. This is usually after a viral infection which causes swelling of the sinus membranes, as a result one or more of your sinuses may become blocked. Bacteria that normally resides within the cavity starts to multiply and cause an infection. It commonly follows a typical "cold". It the cold symptoms last much more than one week, then the cold may have advanced into a sinus infection. If you have frequent episodes of acute sinusitis, or if your symptoms never completely go away, you may have chronic sinusitis.   • Chronic Sinusitis People who have asthma or allergic disorders are prone to chronic sinusitis. Any condition that causes a weakened immune system or that causes chronic inflammation to the nasal mucosa can result in chronic sinusitis. Allergies or bacterial infection also play a major role in chronic sinusitis by producing inflammation in the sinus membranes. Chronic sinusitis is one of the most common chronic illnesses in Americans under the age of 45. About 20% of patients with chronic sinusitis develop nasal polyps. Nasal polyps are cyst-like growths that develop from sinus tissue. The resulting growth can causes the sinus cavities to become blocked.  • Recurrent Sinusitis When one gets several separate attacks in one year.  We at SinusWars have further grouped these three types of remedies into 10 distinct groups and have made up remedies to help relieve your type of sinus.   Our remedies treat all types of Acute, Chronic, and recurrent sinusitis. SITE MAP  	SinusWars Home Page                                   