         quite severe. came on much worse when it was twilight. suddenly felt rather panicky. and at the same time noise was irritating. my gums felt swollen, irritated, then my mouth, then i could feel the sore itchy irritation flowing though the rest of my body, and my heart pumping harder. it felt like burning going around my body. through my lungs, back, abdomen. my ears and nose feel swollen, sore, but mostly the worst is my mouth. maybe it's because there are so many nerve endings there. my chest feels tight, and an overall achiness has come on, and tiredness. benadryl taken. perhaps has helped slightly, since the really strong irritation has gone. the intensity of the reaction is less. ppl are taking my reaction to the environment personally, as when noise suddenly is overwhelming, it hurts. the tightness is like a pressure. ibuprofen taken, hope it will help. hurts when i breathe in the back of where my ribs are. noting that it hurts more when i breathe out. i think. it is hurting all the time. so hard to tell. breathing is more shallow. i can't take medicine for this. eg. inhalers, or decongestants. so i have to cope in other ways. feeling bad about myself, because it is so debilitating.   pollen count is 5-6 here. my allergies have been more severe the past three days at least. today is worse.   cleaning the house, probably added to the reaction. yet i clean with a dust mask on. and glasses. careful about not touching my eyes, nose, mouth with my hands.  the dog is molting, has been for a while, since it started getting warmer. i'm not sure if that is a problem at all, since his dander has been around, and my allergies are worse today.  what is setting me off is he goes outside in the garden, in the grass, and comes in and then that's when i feel pain in sinuses, nose...not sneezing..my nose and sinuses are clogged up all year. i used to sneeze when  i was a teen during these months but now it's gone on to these other symptoms. yes, my nose is irritated but i don't sneeze. i have post nasal drip instead. and the mucus doesn't drain out of my nose hardly at all. it's too clogged up.  got to rest now.