         July 31, 2004 Los Angeles Dodgers Baseball: ROB LOWE, BROOKE BURKE, GEORGE LOPEZ SET FOR DODGERS’ HOLLYWOOD STARS GAME ON AUGUST 7 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                                                                     Contact:  Public Relations Friday, July 30, 2004                                                                                         (323) 224-1301   Seating on the Outfield Grass to Give Fans Closest-Ever View of Celebrity Softball Game; Los Angeles Hosts Philadelphia Phillies Immediately Following Hollywood Stars Competition   LOS ANGELES – Stars from the realms of film, television and music will shine in a different arena as Rob Lowe, Brooke Burke and George Lopez are among the celebrities taking the field in the Los Angeles Dodgers’ annual Hollywood Stars Game set for Saturday, August 7 at Dodger Stadium.   Rules have changed for the 46th edition of the celebrity contest.  For 2004, the stars will compete in a softball game, with an auxiliary outfield fence to offer greater opportunity for home runs.  Moreover, fans are invited to sit on Dodger Stadium’s outfield grass and warning track to get a better glimpse of their favorite Hollywood luminaries.    The roster of stars scheduled to appear in the game includes Lowe, star of the upcoming NBC drama “The Lyon’s Den”; former E! Entertainment host Burke; Lopez, star of his ABC sitcom, “The George Lopez Show”; “Saturday Night Live” alums Norm Macdonald and Tim Meadows; as well as Jamie Kennedy (“The Jamie Kennedy Experiment”), Robert Wuhl (“Arli$$”), Amy Davidson (“8 Simple Rules”), Jon Cryer (“Two and a Half Men”), Jonathan Silverman (“The Single Guy”), Neal McDonough (“Boomtown” and NBC’s upcoming “Medical Investigation”), Valente Rodriguez (“The George Lopez Show”); Jeremy Sumpter (the upcoming CBS baseball drama, “Clubhouse”), Adrian Pasdar (“Judging Amy”), Carmine Giovinazzo (“CSI: New York”), Michael Weatherly (“Navy NCIS”), Bob Saget (“Dumb and Dumberer”), Vanessa Lengies and Will Estes of “American Dreams,” Red Hot Chili Peppers lead singer Anthony Kiedis, and Los Angeles Clippers head coach Mike Dunleavy.   Tom Arnold (FSN’s “The Best Damn Sports Show Period”) will both play in the game and act as the event’s master of ceremonies. FSN West 2 will tape the game for a future airdate.   Slated for a 5:30 p.m. start, the Hollywood Stars Game will immediately precede the National League West-leading Dodgers’ game against the Phillies. The Stadium parking lot and turnstiles will open at 5 p.m.   Hall of Fame managers Tommy Lasorda and Sparky Anderson will helm the two celebrity teams.  Dodger greats Steve Garvey and Ron Cey will also take part in the festivities, along with performances by the legendary Laker Girls.   Please contact the Dodgers Public Relations Department at 323-224-1301 for additional information.   — Visit the Los Angeles Dodgers on the Internet at www.dodgers.com —  