         Rain Can't Dampen Red Hot Chili Peppers    Thursday July 29, 2004 8:16 AM   AP Photo MACK101   By CHRISTY LEMIRE   AP Entertainment Writer   BOSTON (AP) - A little rain couldn't dampen the Red Hot Chili Peppers. The band completely rocked Wednesday night in a concert sponsored by The Creative Coalition and the Recording Industry Association of America - easily the biggest and best party so far during the Democratic National Convention.   While everyone else in attendance had the upcoming presidential election in mind, the Los Angeles-based band made only a couple of vague political statements.   ``The next four years in this country can be a more peaceful world,'' said bassist Flea, typically shirtless and sinewy on a stage erected outside the upscale Louis Boston clothing store.   ``Do what you gotta do,'' lead singer Anthony Kiedis said at the end of the band's set.   No matter - the Chili Peppers let their music speak for them, and the coat-and-tied crowd responded, despite an intermittent drizzle.   Actor and director Tony Goldwyn, co-president of The Creative Coalition - a political advocacy group made up of members of the entertainment industry - said the Red Hot Chili Peppers were a natural choice for the show ``because they're fantastic, and everybody wants to come see them and we love their music.''   The foursome played mostly new songs - including ``Scar Tissue,'' ``By the Way'' and ``Californication'' - but they finished off the night with their best-known hit from the early '90s, ``Give It Away.''   Guests nibbled on lobster rolls and cotton candy under a giant white tent next to the stage, where tables were swathed in yellow and orange. In the VIP area inside the store, chef Pino Maffeo had whipped up a menu that included fried oysters wrapped in thinly sliced watermelon, Kobe beef and warm ice cream. (Don't ask - it involves a complicated machine that makes the ice cream warm but doesn't melt it entirely.)   Among the celebrities with access to such delicacies were actors Jason Bateman, Alyssa Milano, Richard Schiff, Wendie Malick and Ellyn Burstyn. Bill O'Reilly, the Fox News Channel talk show host whose political views don't exactly jibe with those of the people in town for the convention, also was there.   And Ben Affleck, the Bostonian who's been ubiquitous this week, made a heavily escorted escape after the concert was done.