         Question: Tell me about nasal lavage or nasal saline spray.  Answer: Daily frequent use of saline nasal spray or irrigation is recommended to cleanse thick secretions from the nose and sinuses. This simple economical treatment is effective but is unfortunately underused.   Saline nasal spray is available over-the-counter as sterile physiologic saline solution in spray bottles. Alternatively, saline solution may be prepared at home with 1/4 tsp of salt dissolved in 8oz of tap water. A pinch of baking soda may be added. The patient should place the solution in a spray bottle or ear bulb syringe for lavage. Two to four puffs of nasal saline spray should be administered at least three times a day. The alternative more aggressive method is lavage with a bulb syringe while leaning over the sink with the mouth open. Repeated full syringe wash and aspiration is recommended at least three times daily to wash out the secretions if they cannot be effectively removed with saline spray alone.   Not every patient wishes to perform nasal lavage, but some find it the most important treatment of all!   Question: Tell me more about NASAL IRRIGATIONS.  Answer: The nasal and sinus cavities are normally able to clear mucus on their own through "mucociliary transport." Up to one quart of mucus is produced daily and is swallowed. Sometimes swelling of the nose from either allergy, irritation, or infection can prevent this self-cleaning. In these cases, irrigations (nasal flushing or washing) are used until the lining of the nose and sinuses can recover and revert to normal.   Irrigations may be carried out with a spray bottle, a rubber bulb syringe (like the kind used for cleaning infants' noses) or a water-pik device (set on the lowest setting). Whichever device is used, it should be sterilized on a daily basis so that bacteria are not reintroduced into the nasal cavity with each irrigation. Sterilization may be performed with a weak solution of Betadine (available in pharmacies as a douche).   Irrigation solutions can be made from saline (salt water), baking soda, and/or antibiotics. When irrigating the nose, the irrigation solution will run out the front of your nose or down the back of your throat. Although a small amount of this is not harmful if swallowed, larger amounts may produce bloating or fullness in the abdomen. It is therefore best to perform the irrigations while leaning forward over a sink so that the solution may drip or be spit out. Occasionally, we recommend adding a prescription antibiotic (usually gentamicin) to the irrigation solution to inhibit bacterial growth. Patients on a salt-restricted diet should probably avoid using salt in the irrigation fluid (i.e., saline) and may use sterile water.   Homemade preparation of irrigation:   1 pint of boiled water 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon baking soda Let cool and irrigate nose with 1/4 to 1/2 cup on each side.   Question: What about steam inhalation?  Answer: In addition to irrigations, steam inhalation also has a beneficial effect on the nasal lining. Various steam-producing inhalation devices are commercially available. Room humidifiers may also provide some symptomatic improvement in some people. However, they can become a source of aerosolized mold and bacteria if they are not cleaned regularly.   Question: Tell me about humidification of air.  Answer: Humidification of inspired air and hydration are other methods recommended to clear thick secretions. In general, a cool mist humidifier, hot steamy showers, and drinking 8 full glasses of water per day are effective.   Question: Anything I should know about vaporizers?  Answer: Vaporizers must be cleaned thoroughly and frequently. While they can be helpful in conditioning air, they can harbor mold and other organisms if they are not cleaned thoroughly and frequently.   QUESTION: What is a netty pot?  Answer: A netty pot is a device of Indian origin that delivers nasal irrigation to wash out a patient's nose. Some patients find netty pot irrigations to be very soothing.