         Laughing all the way to No 1   ANDREW EATON ON POP  TIME FOR the Festival again, then. Lots of good gigs on, as usual, mainly thanks to T on the Fringe. Go and see the 5,6,7,8s, I say. In case you don’t know, they’re that Japanese all-girl punk band with the "woo hoo, woo hoo hoo" song and will be infinitely more fun than Morrissey. Should you care, I also recommend dEUS, an underrated yet frequently magnificent band from Belgium in the spirit of Tom Waits and Captain Beefheart. Go on, take a chance. It’s the Fringe - and Morrissey and the Streets are sold out anyway.   Meanwhile, below most people’s radar, there is a new festival, Tigerfest, which attempts to resurrect the spirit of the much-missed (by me and about 400 other people) Planet Pop. Planet Pop, if you’re not one of those 400, was a no-budget, indie-to-the-core music event that got crushed to untimely death by the might of T on the Fringe. By which I’m not implying foul play, but those involved know what I’m talking about.   Tigerfest is clearly modelled on Planet Pop because the biggest name on its bill is Half Man Half Biscuit. If T on the Fringe is pop’s Edinburgh International Festival, Tigerfest is its Fringe off the Fringe. I have never heard of half of the bands on its bill, and I get paid to know this stuff. The ones I have heard of, though, are great. The Glasgow band Sluts of Trust - an even mix of the White Stripes and the Darkness whose cause I will continue to champion until someone notices - are performing at the Venue on 9 August. Andrew Montgomery, who used to be in Geneva (the band, not the place, otherwise that would be a wholly irrelevant comment) plays Caledonian Backpackers on 7 August. Your best bet, though, is Edinburgh College of Art on 23 August, where you will find Desc and The Starlets, two of Scottish pop’s best kept secrets. Desc’s songs are dark and creepy. The Starlets are dizzy with romance and hope. They will be perfect together. Visit www.tigerfest. baby-tiger.net for more if you’re interested.   Really, though, there is only one Fringe gig I want to endorse - Gary Le Strange, at the Pod Deco. It’s not strictly a gig, Gary being the winner of last year’s Perrier best newcomer - a comedy award. But something fascinating has happened to Gary since his 2003 show.   Last year’s songs were pitch perfect, savage yet affectionate spoofs of early 1980s pop hits. Prince Charles was Adam Ant’s Prince Charming but with a lyric about cowboys and Princess Diana. Grey was Vienna by Ultravox, except it was about how much Gary liked the colour grey. The beauty was in the way Gary’s songs were only slightly more silly and pretentious than the originals. A year on, I still find myself singing the chorus of Gary’s tribute to Rudolf Nureyev - it goes "Ballerina! Ballerina!" - and wondering which Soft Cell album it was on. I had a nagging worry about Polaroid Suitcase, though: what is the point of spoofing bands from 20 years ago? And doesn’t this joke stop being funny quite quickly? Thankfully, my doubts were laid to rest this week by the arrival in the post of Gary’s new album, Face Academy.   And here’s what’s fascinating. From merely being a brilliantly observed synthpop spoof, Gary Le Strange has found his own voice. Sure, you can hear traces of Bowie when he croons nonsense like "Daddy loves his chimney face, I heard it on the news", or Marc Almond on a ridiculous electro stomp called Seedy Pimp ("Do you like German nurses with fat hairy necks?"), but where once you could easily spot the Gary Numan song, or the David Sylvian song, now they blend together into a terrifying Adam-Numan-Sylvian-ABC-Duranesque monster. What does it sound like? It sounds like Gary Le Strange. You can actually picture him as a real pop star.   He’d make a great pop star too. "We are warriors and fashion is our weapon," he chants on opening track Warriors of Style ("weapon", by the way, is pronounced "weapurh-hurrrrn!!!"). Gary’s manifesto is roughly this - boys should wear make up, girls suits (even in bed), and the most important thing you could possibly do with your life is get in the top ten. Number one is not enough, in fact: "This record’s gonna get to number nought!" The joke, of course, is that Gary is not a pop star at all but a sad, unbelievably deluded, 32-year-old loser. Well, call me crazy, but I find that inspiring. As Justin Hawkins and Jarvis Cocker have proved, there’s room for 30-something weirdos in the charts. And Face Academy is actually a good pop album. When was the last time you heard an album with songs about what it’s like to be a car, owning a robot and a photocopier that takes over the world? Or a love song with the line: "Like Jocky Wilson and Darth Vader combined she threw a treble 20 into my mind."   The campaign starts here. Gary Le Strange will have a number one hit. He shall go to the ball. Oh yes.