         12:00 - 31 May 2004  Paranormal investigators who spent two nights at Devonport Dockyard have reported sudden temperature drops and ghostly presences in the hangman's cell and are to analyse 'very good' photographic evidence. The team of 10 'ghostbusters' said they believe there is paranormal activity at the Dockyard, after logging several unexplained phenomenon during their weekend vigil.Their investi Their investigation focused on the hangman's cell, where 141 French prisoners-of-war were said to have been executed, as well at the 18th-century Master Ropemaker's House. The cell contains what is believed to be the only remaining working gallows in Britain, and was reportedly the scene of numerous executions during the Napoleonic Wars. The team used night vision cameras to record their investigation and belive they may have captured images of 'orbs' and 'cobwebs' that appeared during the night. Investigators are particularly excited because the 'orbs' of light appeared when investigators tried to communicate with the ghostly presences. When the team was in the hangman's cell, they tried to communicate with the spirits but initially received no response. But realising that the presences may be from the executed French prisoners, they tried speaking to them in French and the 'orbs' appeared above investigator Ian Addicoat's head. The team also reported sudden drops in temperature and unusual electromagnetic field readings. They will submit a report about their findings to the Royal Navy in the next few days and have already said they would like to go back for another monitoring session. One of the team, Barbara Jones, from Abercynon, South Wales, said they finished their vigil at 5am yesterday. She said the team of 10 all believed 'beyond any degree of doubt' that they had detected paranormal activity at the base. The hangman's cell was paranormally 'very active', particularly below the hatch through which those hanged were dropped. There were changes in temperature in the cell, she said. Underneath the hatch they had picked up activity relating to 'one particular person'. She said she could 'quite understand' reports of police and security staff being 'spooked' patrolling in the area and 'legging it'. Although they did not see any ghosts, they had 'very good' photographic evidence, yet to be analysed, which had them 'jumping up and down'. "It has been very interesting, and there are many areas on the base which my team would like to come back and help with," she added. The paranormal researchers brought toys and blackboards for child ghosts to play with. They also set up objects, including a made-up bed, balls, marbles and furniture in an attempt to detect poltergeists. In the past, base staff reported sightings of a young girl in Victorian costume and a bearded sailor in the building.More News|Back