         COPS INVESTIGATE JASON DEATH THREATS  Jun 18 2004  By Andy Rudd    POLICE yesterday launched an investigation into yesterday's drunken brawl in whichBig Brother contestants threatened to kill each other.  Officers were called in just three-and-a-half hours after Michelle and Emma made a surprise return to the house from their secret bedsit.  Clashes broke out between Jason and Marco, Emma and Victor, and Vanessa and Nadia after a food fight erupted into violence.  Police said yesterday: "Following a number of calls from members of the public regarding an alleged incident in the Big Brother house last night, Herts Constabulary can confirm it will be obtaining a videotape of the incident.  "Officers are currently liaising with members of the Big Brother production team to see what further action needs to be taken."  Fans called for the show to be axed after the violent row caused Channel 4 to pull the plug on it for the first time in its history.  The situation came to a head around 1.30am. Victor had overturned a table and pushed Nadia while other housemates threw trays and plates.  Victor was held back by Stuart and Jason while Dan carried away a kicking and screaming Emma. Victor had threatened to "f*****g smack" Emma in the face while she in turn said she would "f*****g kill" the self-proclaimed gangster.  Jason flew off the handle when gay Marco danced in front of him. Jason told Marco: "You come in my face and do that again, I'll f*****g kill you. I'll knock you out. Don't you dare ever dance in my face - I'll take your head off, end of story."  Off-camera, it was alleged Vanessa had pushed Nadia in the bathroom, and Big Brother pulled the plug and sent in security after Shell collapsed in tears.  C4's digital channel E4 cut the live feed from the house from 2am to 3am and two police officers arrived at 3am to investigate.  Leaving Elstree Studios, one security guard said: "Big Brother is in meltdown - serious, serious trouble. For the first time there was the real possibility of someone getting hurt. Victor showed he was a dangerous man who is more than capable of violence. He should not be around other people in a confined area and they've made a big mistake letting him in."  The explosive row left the house wrecked.  Yesterday Victor was locked in the diary room for more than an hour. On his release Emma was ordered back into the bedsit.  Victor revealed he will walk out of the house but only after Emma does. He said: "No offence to your friend, but I'll stick around till your friend disappears. And then once she's gone, I'm packing my stuff and I'm going as well."  Producers took advice from psychiatrists. They allowed the housemates to sleep in and gave them cigarettes to try to ease tension.  But angry fans used an internet site to accuse the show's bosses of orchestrating the situation.  One wrote: "I blame BB as they knew this was going to happen since they supplied booze."  A spokesman for Big Brother later said: "The production team has been talking to all housemates individually over the course of today.  "They will be encouraging the housemates to work through their issues as a group.  "If they do not feel this is feasible they will consider an alternative course of action."  (from the mirror)  me, i knew Victor was trouble when he started talking about US gangstas, and knew the names of the guns, in a conversation with Stuart. Or should I say when he was ranting on nonsensically to Stuart. Not really  much of a conversationalist that Victor. Just talls to people. He even rants to the walls when everyone else has gone to bed. Looks like he could use some sedation there.  As far as Jason, I figured he was trouble when he was getting Dan to put lotion on his back, and even more so when he told Ahmed to go yell at Marco. Why Ahmed followed his "orders" I can't figure out, except a desperation to fit in.  Alpha males they keep calling them? Please, they're too childish for that. Dan might be the real Alpha male in that hell hole.