         Romancing the stones   Julian Cope may well be the only antiquarian researcher to have appeared on Top of the Pops while stoned on acid. He talks to John Vidal about why we venerate landscape, the politics of heritage, shamanism, and the prehistoric nature of football worship   Wednesday June 16, 2004 The Guardian     Julian Cope, a middle-aged man wearing a baseball cap, is sitting under a great oak at Avebury, one of Britain's finest megalithic sites, holding forth on what makes a place hallowed. There are, he says, tens of thousands of stone circles, dolmans, amphitheatres and monuments, but these are mere pointers. "The sacred landscape is everywhere," he says. "Britain's ancientness shocks me. It's all there, just below the surface. You can peel it away like the skin of an onion."   Cope is an expert on stone circles, but he's not your average antiquarian researcher. Rock star, self-styled shaman and goddess worshipper, his conversation roams from druids ("an elite bunch of control freaks") to planning policy (he calls for a new era of megalith-building in Britain).One minute he is learnedly discussing alignments of stones with a passer-by, the next he's leaping around imitating a horned God. The heritage industry, environmentalism, prehistoric culture and the goalkeeper-as-shaman are all on his idiosyncratic agenda.   Places can be both modern and sacred, he ruminates. The best examples are Avebury, Stonehenge, and especially Glastonbury, where people today still go to from the city in an updated version of western worship. But the examples are not exclusively ancient. St Paul's cathedral in London is sacred - though the technological age, embodied in the modern city buildings that surround it and dominate it, has sapped some of its power. The Twin Towers of New York, Cope argues, represented a sacred landscape for Americans. Each culture, he suggests, can make its own temples.   Cope is singular. He was the lead singer of post-punk indie band, The Teardrop Explodes, who shone brilliantly for a couple of amphetamine-fuelled years in the early 1980s. He became a cult solo rocker, and author of two critically-acclaimed volumes of autobiography. He may, too, be the only bona fide antiquarian researcher to have performed on Top of the Pops while on acid, and to have posed naked (for an album cover) beneath the shell of a giant turtle.   More recently, he gave two talks at the British Museum about the norse divinity Odin - an occasion noted for his appearance in five-inch platform shoes and the fact that his hairspray forced the evacuation of the building after setting off fire alarms.   He plays the fool, but he certainly isn't one. Four years ago, his eight-year study of the ancient sites of Britain, The Modern Antiquarian, did as much as a thousand archaeologists and academics to drag late-prehistoric megalithic cultural studies into the present. It sold more than 40,000 copies in hardback and won the respect of many of Britain's leading researchers. What impressed the academics was not just the fact that, unlike them, he had the time and money to visit almost every one of the hundreds of sites that litter Britain, but that the infectious enthusiasm and knowledge of this errant, sometimes absurd, genius was filled with the kind of insights that could never come from the mainstream.   Cope may follow a long and honourable line of 18th- and 19th-century amateur antiquarians who meticulously recorded ancient sites and tried to interpret pre-history, but his take is equally informed by rock 'n' roll, and his experience of wildness and shamanism.   The megalith builders, he says, were these islands' first settlers, and humanity's first known monument builders. Their urge to mark the environment they lived in with monuments came out of reverence for the sun and the moon, but also, he says, from the deep and abiding urge to make human significance from land scape - something which, he says, still deeply informs the British, who venerate both landscape and the past more than in any other country in Europe.   "The stones and circles of Britain are absolutely central to who we are today," he says. "They have defined and shaped our society. Our understanding of them makes us who we are. It shapes us, enriches our culture, and allows us to reflect on our own obsessions."   A few weeks ago, he visited the small Nine Ladies stone circle in the Peak District national park, just a few hundred yards from where a quarry company plans to extract millions of tonnes of stone. On one level, he says, he was shocked by the threatened disturbance and the "fucked up" quarriers; but he was also heartened by the intuitive defence of the stones by a group of protesters who have been camped in the woods nearby for more than three years.   Cope, an evironmentalist, is no stranger to protest, notably at the Newbury bypass, where he donned the white hats of the roadbuilders and started ordering around the security guards. But the Nine Ladies protest at Stanton Lees also made him think about how the British have, almost uniquely, held on to their past. He has just finished a massive book on the ancient cultures of Europe, visiting more than 400 sites - from the temple circles of Ireland to the stone boats of Scandinavia and the megaliths of Armenia and the Mediterranean. He found many in a sorry state, un appreciated or even knocked down. "We dont know how blessed we are with our monuments," he says. "In some places in Iberia, you have to wade through human excrement to reach rock-cut tombs." Moreover, there is little study being done. Even though the earliest neolithic settlers [in Crete] were the originators of the Greek myths, little is known about them.   The significance of the stones in Britain, he suggets, is not dissimilar to what it was thousands of years ago. "The Peak District national park is now a vast sanctuary for the hundreds of thousands of people who live near it, just as in the past the megalith builders turned the whole area into a huge limestone sanctuary reflecting the monumental landscape."   We should, he says, think differently about landscape today, not be so precious about monuments, and think about using it to reflect our own age and obsessions.   "My idea of beauty is first based on what I know about it, and then on what it looks like," Cope says. "Perhaps we should set windfarms up in lines or in circles. Let's be monumental about them." Giant sculptures such as the Angel of the North come, he says, from the same urge to give meaning to place.   The heritage conservation industry is, he suggests, overprotective. He would see nothing wrong with people today re-erecting fallen monuments, or even re-arranging the stones, just as the megalith builders themselves thought nothing about dismantling some structures, carting them off to make new monuments and changing their significance according to the needs of the times.   He deplores the kind of insensitive roadbuilding seen at Stonehenge or Newbury, which can carelessly destroy ancient landscapes, yet he is no lover of the government's obsessive protectionism that lists up to 400,000 buildings and preserves landscapes in aspic as some kind of romanticisation. "Often, it's for no other reason than that something is old," he says. "That's got to be total bullshit. Something is only beautiful because of what it stands for. Some of our destroyed castles are symbolic of terrible things, and are a mess. Why preserve the Byker estate in Newcastle? It's a monument to suffering."   One of the roles of the modern rock star, he suggests, is to be the shaman in society, opening the doors of the "underground". "It's as close to the shaman's contribution in prehistoric society as you can possibly get," he argues. "The shaman beating on the rotten log in Cheddar Gorge would have used the stack of speakers today. I see myself as a shaman. We have this idea that the shaman was insane, but I think he filtered through all society. You have always have to have people howling at the moon."   We are much closer to our ancient roots than we might think, he says. "Jim Morrison was probably the first to recognise the role of the rock 'n' roller as shaman," Cope says. "It was the Doors' epics, such as The End and When the Music's Over, that tipped the audience into the magical netherworld of ritual death and resurrection. Even a really shit band in a youth club has a barbarian eloquence. It's a religion substitute."   He sees echoes of prehistory cultures in everything. "Look at football worship," he says. "All those people gathered in an unroofed stadium [is] not unlike what must have gone on in pagan sanctuaries. The goalkeeper is the ultimate shaman, guarding the gates to the underground, wearing the No 1 jersey in a different colour and not seeming to be part of the team. We've never lost it. Modern beliefs that we are at the tail end of a culture that is killing itself is just bollocks."   What of today's archaeologists, picking away at our past? "They're like fucking mystics," he says. He loves and respects them, but cannot help winding them up. "I went down to one site wearing my Archbishop Makarios hat. 'I'm here to declaim loudly,' I said. 'You spend 16 hours a day pissing around in the wind and the rain. If that's not mystic, what is?'   "I think it's essential there's someone like me, if only to wind them up. I'm past the stage of trying to theorise about these places. I know what I believe, but I'm more interested in getting other people to see for themselves."   Cope stops for breath and, as if reviewing his role in life, remarks: "In the end, I'm not a very good rock 'n' roller, but I'm a very good Julian Cope."   · As the summer solstice approaches, historian Andy Worthington discusses sacred landscapes, public access and the politics of heritage at SocietyGuardian.co.uk/environment  · More about Julian Cope at www.headheritage.com   (from the guardian)