          Review: Red Hot Chili Peppers  Jun 24 2004  Claire Hill, The Western Mail    THE Red Hot Chili Peppers last night rocked Cardiff's Millennium Stadium in the capital's biggest gig of the year. Frontman Anthony Kiedis and band members Flea, Chad and John are known for the flamboyant stage performances and the ability to give the audiences a great night. They did not disappoint.  Proof of their pulling power are the support acts that have included N.E.R.D. and for the Cardiff leg of tours across Europe and the UK, the Godfather of Soul, James Brown.  Three-and-a-half hours after the stadium opened last night the fans finally got what they wanted. A semi-clad bassist Flea and fellow members Chad and John entered the stage to give a rousing instrumental before frontman Kiedis ran on stage sporting long hair, a fringe and suit with cut-off trousers.  The crowd may have enjoyed the support act but it was the Chili Peppers they were desperate for. The legendary foursome blasted their way through the likes of Scar Tissue, By the Way, Zephyr Song and Californication. Bassist Flea was on form as was guitarist John, who gave an amazing rendition of Donna Summer's I Feel Love.  Rock, funk and some slow tempo songs filled the damp Cardiff air and hung in the atmosphere of the closed Millennium Stadium. Jumping around on stage, Kiedis, at 41, had energy of someone half his age. And the crowd were overawed by the band.  The hits were coming out and the band were there to please but we must also discuss the Godfather that is James Brown. Like a blast from the old days of funk, the James Brown experience arrived. With Cuban heels, tonged hair and tassels himself he should now be the geriatric machine but the sex machine still belted and danced his way through the songs.  There was a heavy emphasis on the music throughout the set but he got better and Living In America, Man's World and Sex Machine really showed what he can do, yeah.  But it was the Chili Peppers, enigmatic, energetic and pretty damn amazing, who showed they were well worth the money, not putting a foot wrong.  An encore wouldn't be an encore without the audience singing back Under the Bridge and an explosive version of Give It Away which ended with the drum kit being thrown into the pit and a topless Kiedis crouching on the remains.    Red Hot Chili Peppers, Millennium Stadium, Cardiff Review and rate this peformance  3 user reviews. Average rating:  5 stars   Anthony from Bargoed	05:08:40 PM 24 June 2004 This was the best gig I've ever been to. The crowd was amazing, the songs- awesome and that was just james brown and the chilis were even better. Chicks on speed were ok but weren't great ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Olga from Cardiff	04:49:54 PM 24 June 2004 The Chilis' performance was the most amazing experince any fan could have. Actually, to say "amazing" would be too much of an understatement. The setlist was perfect and the crowds loved the show. This was definitely the greatest experience I've ever had, and I'm sure anyone else who was there would say the same thing.  ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Craig from Swansea	03:47:41 PM 24 June 2004 What a preformance, the chilli's were aboslutly AWESOME. Scar Tissue, And Throw away you Television, were my highlights, but the whole night was brilliant, apart from some English people annoying the rest of US!. Did James Brown sing a full song or was he just there for the chorus's???