         the hyde park show. same tour i saw in cardiff.   "some cultural phenomenon happening now where we get to play in front of 130k people"  85, 000 at hyde park. oh, i'm listening to the radio 1 show that's supposed to be the gig at hyde park on sunday..but it seems to be the run up to the band coming on stage, and some normal radio one tunes, with a few outtakes from interviews in between the regular radio one stuff.  man, what is it with the beeb? why the feck don't they get it right? i don't wanna hear this, i wanna hear about the chilis and the gig, but i'm listening to Eminem, and some other stuff, waiting....to see if anything good comes on.  and that glastonbury coverage on tv, it really ticks me off. i had to turn it off. i don't want to watch jo whiley and some other guy on sofas, while they yap inanely, and then when they cut to the live music, they cut it off, then back to ages of them again, and nattering about not much in general, just the obvious. I mean we all know about portable loos and queueing up to go to the potty. and about the mud when it rains, thanks. do we have to see the same stuff again? how about putting this years music on? there's enough of it isn't there? oh no we've got to sit through the sofa people, while we sit on the sofa.  and then be thankful we aren't in the mob of yobs at the front during Oasis. 2 songs from them, then cut off. over to the sofa people. yap yap. nothing. me getting angry, and ranting about the music biz ripping people off, and acting like the grumpy old men they've just put on...come on man, where's the music?!!! look if you like music, if you really like music, i say don't bother with glastonbury. if you like beer then go. like you can't drink beer at home right? oh no, no fun , got to act like a fool publicly. crowd mentality. yeah man. eek. i heard there are tons of "hee haws" there as John Peel called them. And it's takne over by champagne people. ARGGHHHH!!!!  listening to part of an interview on the bbc 1 radio stream.