         I'm exhausted. I danced wildly through James Brown. Had a slight break until the RHCP came on stage, but I was so excited with the anticipation, and the atmosphere in the Millenium Stadium. Great crowd of people I had around me, all smiling, excited, and pleased to be there. All having a good time, wonderful to see the huge smiles on people's faces. Only a couple of downers, a group of 4 young teens, I'd guess about 15 years old, booing the opening act, Chicks on Speed. They certainly didn't deserve to be booed. Some people think that's a cool thing to do, and they generally are 15 year old groups of teenage boys. Too cool right? Boo the girls on stage that don't have guitars. Myself, I found them really entertaining, an enticing, cheeky and fun stage show. Silly, in a cheeky way, bit punky, feminist, clashing. A couple of good songs, which are still stuck in my mind! "we don't play guitars" and "99 cents" It's nice to see something fresh like that. It was cheeky since the Chilis are a guitar band. The woman in their show coming on and playing air guitar during "we don't play guitars" was hilarious. So I told the lads behind me to shut up. Some good dance club song moments in there too. Sometimes they grooved,  and at others were a bit more pop. The main problem was the sound system, it tended to fade in and out. Would have been better in a smaller venue, but then anyone would. That stadium is huge. (wondering when they'll be an American Football tour there?!!!) I much prefer small venues for seeing anyone live. I was glad I had a seat for a change, and not down on the floor in the sea of bodies. Still think it's outrageous what they charge for a stadium show. The price of the other stuff there is worse~like snacks, but man the cost of t-shirts and hats and posters, etc...totally beyond belief and I still got myself stuff! oh yeah and parking, petrol...forgetting that cash stuff though for now.  If I were going to see one show this year, or any year, it had to be the RHCP. I would have gone even if James Brown weren't a special guest, and I bought the tickets months ago, so I didn't have a clue who would be opening, I didn't care. But James Brown! What a great surprise, and what an honour. His band were excellent musicians, all of them. The singers were brillaint. He still has enormous stage presence, and gives everyone on stage their own moment to shine! I wasn't too fond of the two dancers in skimpy shorts and halter tops. I would have been, had the camera men not become so fixated on them. Most of the time, what we were seein gon the big scrrens were the dancers' backsides, not the musicians, or the singers, or "the hardest working man in show business." i danced through the whole set. I was grooving! :) Couldn't help it with that music! It was more of a musician big band show, than singin enitre songs, like his hits the whole way through. (no say it loud, i'm black and i'm proud) Somewhere in there, I got a bit lost in the dancing...I was moved! Break time. Waiting for the Red Hots. The usual big stadium stuff. People going to the loo in droves, gettgin beer, and more beer in huge plastic cups, getting lost, and not being able to find their seats, massive lines, though still a friendly lot generally, and amazingly not much pushing and shoving that I've seen elsewhere. And I've been to loads, which is why I suppose I was a bit fed up with the stadium scene and its rituals. Been going since I was 14 in the states. The big stadium shows never quite do it for me. In the UK, I'd only been to one huge show at  Wembley and it was horrendous, possibly the worst show I have ever been too. That's another story to tell, so on to the Chilis. Dum de dum..waiting for the stadium rituals to be over with, the roadies, sorry engineers, stage managers, setting up the Chilis stage. All set up nice and clean and tidy, nothing extra. A ramp at the back. Drums smack in the middle. Very minimal. Suddenly the entire arena floor was covered with people packed tightly in, so many more than had been there earlier, lights out, and the RHCP red and white logo on all the screens. Such a build up. I was feeling like I was in a scene from Beatlemania... Lights up on stage, three Red Hots, ..me screaming, "We've got John" Yes, i was yelling out, ..John Frusciante had come on, and he was on my side of the stage..okay I was up in the stands, but I love him, he's become my favourite over the last few years..I did quite a bit of yelling and screaming, jumping around, groovy dancing...let that music take you away stuff... My fave Chili Pepper, and my fave lead guitarist, well my fave guitarist, musican, all around. So I was beside myself, and amazed that I was so bloody excited over something like that at my age, at the same time! We were treated to a preview from those guys before Anthony  Kiedis came on stage,..Flea and John played so well the whole night, and did a lot of playing standing together, and playing off each other, it was the best I've seen, as far as musicians really playing together, spurring each other on..I danced all over the place grinning through the whole concert. a few times, I was moved to tears, that guitar gets to me...they are so bloody full of energy on stage, all of them. Great part was when Anthony, Flea, and John jumped up and down in time with each other, John and Flea still playing their guitars.  Anthony was full of energy! Is he always like that?! Nothing but them , and their music really this time. No light bulbs on their heads. Some good images on the screens for each song. Live, the music comes across way more, and Anthony's voice became more a part of the music. On recordings his voice tends to stand out a ot more. They gave us a lot of treats too, that you don't get on their LPs like solos from Flea..how often can a bass guitarist carry that off? Solos from John. The lads standing back and looking like what the feck is he doing at John, as John played "I feel love', then started singing it, in a stirringly high and beautiful voice. Now that I loved, and the crowd did too...but he didn't do the whole song!!! Just got us all going, and wanting more. They went from popular ballads, to punk, funk, rock....Flea came on with his trumpet and made some wierd and wonderful sounds with it, with the aid of John who was down on the floor at the front fiddling with sound effects. The pair of them together, whether on their guitars, or doing something more experimental, were amazing. I had expected Anthony to be the main attraction, in the sense that he always is so animated and puts his all into it, but he seemed to like handing it over to Flea and John,  He was really digging them too. Now, I've left out their marvelous drummer! Those poor drummers, they work so hard, and they get stuck at the back all the time. Then they leave the stage and the other guys tear their drum kit apart and sling the drums off the front of the stage. Well, that does stop them coming back on for any more encores!  More about the show sometime...John mad even more now. :)   Man the beer companies do sure put a lot these days into selling their beer! festivals, stadium shows, not one or two acts, no three plus...