         i have this book. i got it when it was released, and really enjoyed it.  Vikings in Wales: an archaeological quest by Mark Redknap. Published by the National Museums & Galleries of Wales (2000).  so was thrilled to see an article by Mark Redknap about ancestral faces from viking age anglesey. (i shall have to put my Llyn Carreg Bach paper and presentation on here soon, or on my website)  here's the text on Viking Faces: the link has interesting photos of the dig, and recreation of face.  "Ancestral faces from Viking-age Anglesey By Dr Mark Redknap, National Museums & Galleries of Wales Published: 05 April 2004  Science brings to life the victims of a thousand year old murder-mystery. Excavations conducted by the National Museums & Galleries of Wales of the early medieval settlement at Llanbedrgoch (Anglesey) have started to unlock details of life in 9th and 10th-century Wales, and the development of a Viking-age centre with trading links across the Irish Sea.  In 1998-99, an unexpected and puzzling discovery was made on the west side of the settlement. Five human skeletons were found in the upper level of a filled-in ditch immediately outside a defensive wall that surrounded the settlement. Contrary to usual Christian practice, all skeletons were aligned with their heads either to the north or south rather than to the east.  They appear to have been casually buried in shallow graves. Three of the bodies had been buried individually, but there was one double burial in which an adult male (approximately 23-35 years old) had been thrown directly on top of a child (approximate age 10-15 years old). The adult male's arms may have been tied behind his back and he may have suffered a blow to the left eye with a sharp object. Another older adult male (35-45 years old) appears to have been placed face down, turned to left, body slightly twisted, and he may have had his wrists fastened in front of his body.  In the case of three of the burials the bodies were overlain by limestone blocks and smaller rubble, probably derived from the collapse of the enclosure wall. This suggests they were buried shortly before the abandonment of the site.  The dating of the Llanbedrgoch skeletons points to the second half of the 10th-century, a period when Vikings on the Isle of Man effectively controlled Gwynedd, and may have had bases on Anglesey. The circumstances of burial and lack of Christian orientation have led to speculation that these individuals were victims of raiding. The precise circumstances of their deaths may never be known, but they may have been the victims of military activity by Vikings in their search for wealth, perhaps in the form of hostages or slaves.  Study continues on the data collected during the excavations, as we attempt to reconstruct the settlement which our four Viking-age faces would have recognised. Not only has the site produced a wealth of evidence for settlement layout, buildings, artefacts and standards of living on a high status site - it has also provided the remains of people who once breathed and walked there."