         Tomorrow marks the 30th anniversary of the free festival at Stonehenge. "the biggest free festival in British history" story on bbc website by veterans of the festival. excerpts follow~  "Phil Russell, the orphaned son of a wealthy landowner, and Jeremy Ratter, who later co-founded the anarcho-punk band Crass, staged the first Stonehenge Free Festival during the summer solstice of 1974.  Five hundred hippies climbed a barbed wire fence erected by the Ministry of Works.  And after the solstice, a hardcore of 30 defied a court injunction to stay - for another six months.  The publicity surrounding their court case ensured the attendance doubled for the solstice the following year. "  "....the numbers continued to grow at the same rate until 70,000 people attended the 10th annual Stonehenge Free Festival on 21 June 1984. ...But the following year, the annual event's colourful history came to an abrupt end. "  Stonehenge was then closed to the  public for the next 15 years. Which to me means, well it isn't really 30 years of the free festival. It means 1974~2004 is 30 years. minus 15 of those and you've got 15 years of free festivals at Stonehenge. It's 30 years since the first group of "hippies" celebrated there. Or more to the point since Phil Russell and Jeremy Ratter did. Mr Russell is a matyr to a few people, those that remember him I'm sure, but the majority that show up probably don't have a clue who he was. 15 years of no festival there must have put an end to those fuelled by going by Phil Russell's matyrdom. (he is called a matyr in the article on bbc, so I'm going with that too out of respect..his ashes were scattered over the stones during the summer solstice of 1976. He had committed suicide,  shortly after being arrested for possession of LSD a month before that year's festival, and was institutionalised in a psychiatric hospital, and released after the 10 day festival.)  The festival is only one day long now. One day, that's it. Then you're off!   Read all about the history of the festival on the bbc web. It's quite a story.