          Posted on Wed, Jun. 16, 2004  Barnes  Band's fans come out for the Darkness and into the night  HEARNE CHRISTOPHER JR.   D idn't make it to Friday's the Darkness concert at Memorial Hall? Bummer. You missed the local launch party for the next generation of heavy metal music. Blazing guitars, falsetto phonetics, a surplus of spandex — what was not to like?  “Hands up. Hands down. Hands up. Hands down,” commanded British band lead singer Justin Hawkins as the crowd obliged. “Hands up if you like swearing. Hands down. (Blank) yes.”  Maybe you had to be there. But trust me, it was cool.  Somewhere the gods of heavy-duty rock bands like Queen and AC/DC were undoubtedly smirking as Hawkins elicited women in the crowd of 1,700 to bare their chests.  “The (blank) count this evening is four in total,” Hawkins huffed.  Make that eight, I thought as I glimpsed toward the balcony and noticed a young man and his size-large female friend add their ballast to the total.  As for the show itself, “it's a great, fun time,” chirped mother of two going on three Jessica Kerrigan. “My husband bought the CD. He was a fan first. He's an attorney at Blackwell Sanders.”  The reason for the button-down, 30-something Kerrigans' presence at the show:  “I wasn't old enough to go when it was Boston and Queen,” Kerrigan says.  Then there were the concert fashions …  “There're some interesting outfits here tonight,” noted Brooksider Lizzie Larson, a senior at Columbia College. “The girl in front of us, coming in, had on a miniskirt that was falling off and a turquoise thong. And she kept tugging both of them up.”  “Rock 'n' roll coming back,” was Clear Channel promoter Jeff Fortier's review of the show.  Is the Darkness Fortier's personal musical preference?  “It depends on how many cocktails I've had,” he quipped.  The crowd had a little something for everyone, Larson observed.  “You know, (the crowd) is sort of the emo fans (emotional rock) and the biker bar gals with a lot of miles on them with their third husbands,” she says. “But it was great! The emo kids are the Depeche Mode and Cure fans of the 21st century.”  Michelle Le, a senior at George Washington University, had her own odd-crowd encounter.  “The mom that was in front of us,” Le says. “She was trying to be the best-friend mom who (says), like, ‘You can talk to me about sex and drugs.' She had really bad blond highlights and fake boobs. She was drunk. She brought alcohol in a baggie. It was clear. But her (teenage) daughter liked her a lot.”  Like I said, you had to be there