          21 July 2003 The Darkness - Permission To Land   Must Destroy - 2003 - 38 minutes  Heavy rock can offer freedom in two ways. For fans there's the sense of rebellion the best songs and bands deliver when you crank them up. And to music snobs, it's a target to point and scoff as they congratulatethemselves for being 'blessed' with such taste and having the prescience to buy Dylan's 'Blood on the Tracks' when they were 10. The Darkness will pull in plenty of the latter; for those still hopelessly devoted to the genre, 'Permission to Land' has novelty record riffen all over it.   There are some class moments and The Darkness take their cues from the best, but running out of oomph halfway through a 38-minute record says they're not going to end up on 'Classic Albums' like many of their heroes. Singer Justin Hawkins voice sounds like he could have been a choirboy long after nature had taken its course, and while it works well on stuff as strong as 'Black Shuck' and 'I Believe in a Thing Called Love', 'Love on the Rocks With No Ice' isn't near as cool as the title while 'Holding My Own' recalls the work of poodle haired rockers.   Half of these songs deserve to be on any compilation tape, 100 bands still hanging around from the 80s could write way better than the others. This is fun but a million lighters away from Whitesnake's 'Still of the Night'.  Harry Guerin  Tracklisting: Black Shuck - Get Your Hands Off MY Woman - Growing On Me - I Believe In A Thing Called Love - Love Is Only A Feeling - Givin' Up - Stuck In A Rut - Friday Night - Love on The Rocks With No Ice - Holding My Own   1. Whitesnake? I had forgotten they existed. What did they sing anyway? Again. a moment of shock. pulling myself together, as I astounded anyone recalls this band. I had totally forgotten them. Another MTV when it was young band, never received much applause at all. Did they have fans? Again, I sat waiting for The Cure to come on MTV and went to get a snack during Whitesnake, or Poison, almost all those bands. Once in a while I'd see their videos whiel I was waiting ready to leap upon my VCR record/play button when something I liked came on. 2. Whitesnake? :O Still of the night? no still doesn't ring a bell? 3.Whitesnake? O.o nooooo. lighters at a Whitesnake concert? he actually went to see them it seems. no. i can't believe it. i just can't. Whitesnake vs the Darkness? any other dumb arse comparisons. anyone? 4. Is this dude saying Whitesnake wrote good songs? I mean more than other 80's bands?  Still trying to think of anything they wrote...or how the song he mentioned goes. not coming to me. 5. man they were naf. i mean always were. not after the fact. (my opinion) 6. this is 2004. 7. it is not the 80s. 8. really it isn't the 80's. not the 80's. chant it 200 times at once. 9. out of the time warp yet?