          Being There : The Darkness : Scene Pavilion | Tuesday, June 15 By Jeff Niesel 	Wednesday, June 23, 2004   ------------------------------------------------------------------------  The Darkness' Justin Hawkins The singer-guitarist is no David Lee Roth.  The music biz works in mysterious ways . Just a couple months ago, the Darkness was the hottest act on the circuit. As soon as the tickets for its Cleveland debut went on sale, the U.K. hard-rock act had sold out Peabody's and then, after the show was moved to a bigger venue, the Agora. Tickets were being hawked at 10 times their face value on eBay. Then the group canceled when singer-guitarist Justin Hawkins blew out his voice. The hype deflated at a record pace. Case in point — scalpers were selling tickets for 10 bucks outside this gig at Scene Pavilion. While there were likely a good 3,000 fans at the show, there was a palpable lack of energy, both onstage and off.   When the Darkness finally arrived and began playing behind a white curtain that showed Hawkins' silhouette, the opening instrumental didn't do anything to move the crowd. And once the curtain fell, Hawkins didn't emerge as a showman capable of taking things over the top like David Lee Roth used to. While concert footage often makes it look like he can jump high enough to leap tall buildings in a single bound, in reality, he wasn't superhuman. The fact that the group played the schmaltzy ballad, “Love is Only a Feeling,” a mere six songs into the set didn't help matters either.   It wasn't until mid-set when the band broke into “Get Your Hands Off My Woman” that things finally clicked. The track featured Hawkins' vocal theatrics and finally confirmed all those comparisons to Freddie Mercury. Afterward, Hawkins even issued a “formal frank apology” for canceling the last show and then reemerged in a new set of purple spandex pants. “Friday Night” was dead on, and the set concluded with a raucous rendition of the band's big hit, “I Believe in a Thing Called Love.” If this show had taken place at either Peabody's or the Agora or in any club setting, for that matter, it would have worked. Bu it was a much harder sell at an outdoor amphitheater because in the end, the Darkness plays arena rock but can't really rock the arena.   The Wildhearts opened with a set that would have gone over better with a classic- rock crowd, as tunes such as “Vanilla Radio” and “So Into You” showed a clear debt to acts such as Cheap Trick and Aerosmith. It didn't help that singer Ginger shamelessly encouraged fans to buy the new album at the merch table, lending new meaning to the phrase “shut up and play.”    1. who told this man to expect david lee roth instead of justin hawkins? or is he just deluded and expected david lee roth because david lee roth wore spandex, and so does justin? 2. i have never liked david lee roth. apologies to his fans, but we all have our own taste. 3. if i'm reading about the darkness in a newspaper, why so i want to hear a rant about mr. roth. if you're going to mainly go on about that, title your review david lee roth..aww man i think he is so cool..or something to that effect. 4. why expect someone to be anyone else in the first place? david does not equal justin. illogical. 5. what does schmaltzy mean? i have a feeling david lee roth was especially schmaltzy. recalling him on mtv back in the 80's. recalling how i wished they'd stop putting him on so much. he creeped me out while i sat waiting for  an adam and the ants' video to come on. 6. this one says justin warrants comparisons to freddie. look people can you think of some actual adjectives to describe someone? a dictionary and a thesaurus may be good places to start. you should have them already since you're a journalist. 7. sadly hardly anyone is better (or even good) at a big stadium. and club gigs are always better if you're in the audience. one day people will realise how much big stadium shows suck, even when the show is a "big stadium rock bands"  then people will play more shows at smaller venues, and people will be much happier. 8. this shows how shallow the majority of people with money to spend on shows can be. yes, and fickle. agreed with the writer there. fickle music biz. just think of what the media did to adam ant. talk you up so much,too much too often,then slam you down in a personal fashion.  9. justin is a human. he isn't superman. see people are human beings, that don't have superman's abilities. that's comic book fiction. or tv fiction, and cheap special effects in films. hope that ones been straightened out. superhumans like superman do not really exist.