         i have guitar lessons now every Friday at noon.  i also practice every day, even if i feel crappy, or ill. and with these allergies that bloody all the time. almost.   so today i have learned two songs. on my fender strat squier, left-handed, sunburst. (yummy but more about that later)  my first lesson, i learned 3 chords. my second, i learned 2 more chords. and also had some exercises to do. strumming and chord changing. then today i have put those together to learn to songs.  "He's got the whole world in his hands" and "Hush Little Baby" Simple tunes for me of course! And songs I know well from my childhood. So now I am changing chords and strumming actual songs and singing. Funny how such simple songs are so satisfying and better when you're playing them, especially when you couldn't play a thing before.  also, i have a tuner, so i use that for tuning. somehow i managed to figure that out myself when i first got the guitar, but the teacher always tunes it a little before each lesson.  i can tell when it's out of tune pretty well, and adjust it close now, but i still check it with the tuner afterwards. sure that'll improve.  oh, also now doing finger walking up and down so exercise my fingers.  it sounds pretty cool too.  can't help playing around with it, and see what sounds you can make. :)  my fingers on my right hand (remember i play lefty) have been hurting. a little sore, but not too bad. i kept practicing, and already they're adapting. the third finger was adapted long ago. that was when i chop the tip off it of while mowing the lawn. I should say the lawn mower blade chopped the tip off. so the skin healed over quite hard, guess it's scar tissue. it isn't sensitive at the tip like my other fingers, but i can still feel (sense) with it.  my thumb and wrist were hurting a bit too. but again, they hurt often anyway. from falling off a horse a long time ago. the horse bucked me off into a tree, when it saw a snake.   back to guitar. so there i was after my teacher left playing hush little baby over and over..zzzzz....sent myself all dosey.. it's a lullaby!! the dog who had been jumping around dosed off suddenly while I was playing it.   the power of music!  now i need something to snap me out of this sleepiness!