         Often sinusitis can be treated with home treatments. Rest, breathing in steam from a bowl of hot water, and over-the-counter medicines should help. Ask a pharmacist for advice.  Ibuprofen or paracetamol help to relieve pain and lower temperature. Decongestants, such as pseudoephedrine (tablets or linctus, e.g Sudafed tablets), and menthol, which can be inhaled, reduce the swelling in the nose and allow the sinuses to drain. Decongestants should not be used for more than a week, as prolonged use can actually make nasal blockage worse in the long run.  Consult a GP if symptoms don’t improve after a week of trying home remedies. The GP may prescribe a course of antibiotics.  Chronic sinusitis  Steroid nasal sprays such as beclometasone (eg Beconase), available from pharmacists and on prescription, are helpful in two ways. If long–term infection is present they help to reduce swelling of the nasal lining and open up the drainage holes, and if allergy is involved they also reduce inflammation. Antihistamines such as loratidine (eg Clarityn) might also help.  In severe cases, the GP may recommend a short course of steroid tablets. These are only available on prescription.  Endoscopic nasal surgery may be needed as a last resort. Tubes and instruments passed down a nasal endoscope are used to wash out the sinus and widen the drainage hole. This can be done under general or local anaesthetic. It is a routine and generally safe procedure, but all surgery does carry some element of risk. Complications include minor damage to the lining of the nose or sinuses, or damage to the skull bone.  Other types of surgery sometimes required to treat chronic sinusitis include correcting a bent nasal cartilage (septoplasty) or removing nasal polyps.  Prevention  It is possible to reduce the chances of developing sinusitis. Here are some things that might be helpful, especially for people who are prone to sinusitis:   *	keeping the air humid at home, *	using an air-filtering vacuum cleaner, *	removing pets, *	having a course of anti-allergy injections, *	stopping smoking, *	drinking less alcohol, *	using a decongestant spray or tablets before diving or swimming.