         well, you may think i am writing about these things cos i care. or putting the news items on here cos i give a fuck. but nope. i loathe the news. i avoid news on the tele. i never buy newpapers. and i mean never. there's some personality psychology quiz that has trick questions in it, and one is about how often do you read the newspapers. and one answer you can choose is "every day" now if you answer every day. then you get a point towards being dishonest. eg. you are a liar. one point to your lying score there.  but i consider this all stupid. my nan does read the news papers every day. 2 of them. and if she were given more she'd read them. the ppl who made and use that quiz say but that's impossible to read them every day. no it isn't my nan is evidence. so there! :P  they'd give her a lying point for saying every day. and she'd be telling the truth.  see how dopey those things are?  and that is one of the basic, widely (and wildly) used psych tests given to ppl. watch out folks.  i think an american came up with it also. so it really should then be used in america. or maybe only in certain sectors in america.  or maybe not at all.  if a counselor uses one of those, they're a shite counselor. a good one won't need it. how about they listen to you? and know about people enough without having to give tests that come up with results akin to horoscopes.  they tell you what you are like. they assume you have traits.  back to the news. i never read the newspapers. i avoid them. they make me ill. i end up picking apart all the nonsense written in them. all the false statements, sheer rubbish, bad journalism. man why did they make me take journalism at school? o.o i wanted to take art. now i have a little hobby going on of collecting material i come across on the net, and when i get around to it, picking it apart, as in answering it, for all the fallacies the item contains.  why oh why did i take philosophy?!! see what happens??!!  someone told me a while back to laugh at all the shit written in the newpapers. well, no kidding sherlock, i can't help lapsing into yankee speak once in a while....  the ones in the USA were easy to laugh at, i mean things like woman gives birth to alien, stuff like that. but here in the UK, the amount of sad, gut wrenching, morbid, morose, shite they put in them. all designed to get you riled up. omg. the poor woman that type of shit.  look. 1. it's almost definately a fabricated story. get a book instead. and make sure it's fiction. then you know where you're at. 2.fabricated means it is made up.  3. it is made up to appear like a real story, but it is false. 4. off into another area here....is that your life? is it? are those your neighbours you are reading about? your neighbourhood? your family? friends? anyone that's actually real to you? if they aren't then forget it. look around your own space. i mean actually have a look at where you live, what's around, how's things there?  can you help anyone? is anyone acting like a total shit? why do you care about ppl in the newspapers you don't even know, like rich celebs? do you really want to be like them? no. well there you are.  yes?  those are photos of people and just gossip, and how do we know what these ppl are really like? we don't. but we want to be like them. so actually we don't know what we want to be at all.  oh i'll shut up now. cos who cares?