         All-in-one wonders  Jul 15 2004  By The Huddersfield Daily Examiner    So where does Justin Hawkins get his catsuits? JENNY PARKIN talked to the woman who knows his inside leg measurements!  WHENEVER The Darkness return from a tour, Justin Hawkins' clothes designer is in tears.  For those beautiful catsuits come back ripped, stained and sweaty.  "They're always in a terrible state," says Lucy Manning. "I just cry and cry."  She's made about 30 sparkly all-in-ones for the singer, who studied at Huddersfield Technical College before he found fame.  And his startling, sartorial statements have become a real trademark for the band.  "Everyone expects to see him wearing something really flamboyant now," says Lucy, 26. "They'd be disappointed if he didn't."  She has known Justin's brother Dan, bassist with The Darkness, since they were both teenagers.  Both Lucy - who goes out with Allan Stewart, the guitarist from indie band Idlewild - and the famous brothers come from the seaside town of Lowestoft, in Sussex.  She went to London to study fashion in London and established herself in the pop world, assisting a designer, William Baker, who dressed the likes of Kylie, Jamiroquai and Garbage.  "Yes, he put Kylie in hotpants," says Lucy. "And he did the clothes for the videos to Can't Get You Out Of My Head and Spinning Around."  One day, Lucy got a call from Dan, out of the blue - asking her for help with his band's image.  "I ummed and ahhed for ages," says Lucy. "What they wanted was really theatrical - I didn't know whether I wanted to go down that road. I wasn't sure it was me."  Finally she met Justin - who's just been voted fourth most important person in rock in a poll by Kerrang! magazine - and the pair began to put together ideas for stunning stagewear.  Lucy says: "Justin's a sweetheart, on stage he has this persona but in real life he's quiet and shy.  "We talked things through and it all started to take shape."  Both were inspired by Mick Jagger's spangly suits of the 70s as well as Freddie Mercury and Elton John's beautiful clothes that had a comical, theatrical edge.  "In the early days I used to get really cheap Lycra from the market at about 10p a metre," says Lucy.  "But now I have more money to spend we're going more and more luxurious with beautiful, soft glove leather, fake fur and the most gorgeous, expensive fabrics available."  Lucy draws up the designs with Justin's help and they're actually made by a tailor, Owen Gaster.  "There's only so many things you can do with a catsuit to keep it sexy - without turning it into a boiler suit or a leotard.  "And I think Justin's outfits are very sexy."  Lucy keeps every one of Justin's catsuits, no matter how worn-out they are.  She says she'd love to stage an exhibition of them.  A particular favourite of hers was one made for a high-profile concert supporting Robbie Williams at Knebworth. It was purple and black with a tail - a devil suit."  A different show stopper was a white and silver all-in-one for an appearance at the MTV awards. "It was covered in really expensive crystals," she says. "And Justin had a matching guitar strap, too. The whole ensemble cost thousands to make but it was worth it."  For the Brits, when The Darkness scooped several awards, Justin wore yet another amazing outfit for the show finale - in which he stood atop a big, flashing platform that rose high above the stage.  "He had this idea that he wanted a mane," says Lucy. "Yet he wanted to look like a fish. A fish with a mane.  "I was thinking of seahorses when I created this catsuit."  Lucy was there on the big night. "It was really exciting," she says. "Justin went on that platform without any safety gear. I was really worried - I wanted him to get a harness on. But he wouldn't. It was such a buzz, he thanked me on stage, which was a nice thought."  * The Darkness became firm favourites on the rock scene last year with hit singles including I Believe In A Thing Called Love and debut album Permission To Land.  * A festive single, Christmas Time (Don't Let The Bells End) sealed their popularity.  * Some sceptics didn't take their Queen-inspired sound seriously - but their universal appeal means they've had the last laugh.  * All eyes will be on what they do next to top their success so far!     