         What causes mould allergy? It is not the mould itself but the mould spores that cause allergic reactions. Mould spores are believed to be present in the air at greater quantities than any other substance. These tiny invisible spores are produced by moulds and fungi in large quantities. Spores are the mould's system of reproduction. Moulds and fungi release their spores into the air to be carried towards other sources of food. Moulds do not produce chloroform and therefore need to live off other matter. They thrive on any decaying substance, fallen leaves, fruit, grass, soil and plants. Indoors they can live on any decaying matter and can grow in carpets, old furniture, on walls, in cupboards and on wood. They will live anywhere where there is enough moisture to support them and of course the British climate is ideal for their proliferation.   What prompts the mould to release its spores? Mould spores are often released when there is a change in the environment, when moist conditions suddenly become warm, when the central heating first goes on in a damp house, or when plants or Christmas trees are brought into a warmer interior. "Using a tumble drier, ironing clothes, drying wet towels or hanging wet laundry near a strong heat source will stimulate spore production." Outdoor mould spores are often more prolific in late summer and autumn, during the harvest time and as fallen leaves collect on the ground. There is often a proliferation of mould after the first frost or during the spring thaw in colder countries. People who suffer from mould allergies are sometimes also sensitive to mushrooms, cheese, dried fruits etc because of their high mould content.   en released when there is a change in the environment, when moist conditions suddenly become warm, when the central heating first goes on in a damp house, or when plants or Christmas trees are brought into a warmer interior. "Using a tumble drier, ironing clothes, drying wet towels or hanging wet laundry near a strong heat source will stimulate spore production." Outdoor mould spores are often more prolific in late summer and autumn, during the harvest time and as fallen leaves collect on the ground. There is often a proliferation of mould after the first frost or during the spring thaw in colder countries. People who suffer from mould allergies are sometimes also sensitive to mushrooms, cheese, dried fruits etc because of their high mould content.