         JOHN FRUSCIANTE CONT. >>   During this dark time, Frusciante released two solo albums, Niandra LaDes and Usually Just a T-Shirt in 1995 and Smile From the Streets You Hold in 1997 (the first for drug money, he later claimed). Both are difficult and occasionally unlistenable, but they each have moments of genius. In 1998, after rehab, Frusciante surfaced and re-joined the Chili Peppers, helping pull them out of their post-Blood Sugar Sex Magik lull on the sublime Californication. Following the years of chemical abuse and rehabilitation, Frusciante's physical appearance had changed drastically -- he had gained weight and his skin was shot, like Jim Morrison did toward the end -- but he received skin grafts to remove needle scars and a new set of teeth and soon he was back to normal. Two years later, he released the compact, beautiful solo album To Record Only Water For Ten Days.  Frusciante's fourth solo record, Shadows Collide With People (Warner Bros.), is his most accomplished yet. Alternative recording techniques and electronic sounds are pitted against his masterful guitar playing and fully-formed vocals. It is an extraordinarily open and revealing work. Melancholy lyrics indicate that he still has demons, but it seems that his prodigious talent has become less of a burden. In "Carvel", the opening track, he sings, "Heaven receives you and sends you back/ Sending a dummy to my God" and then hints at acceptance: "Up and down that's how energy stays alive/ And I wouldn't have it any other way."  Like his other solo work, Shadows is strikingly different from that of the Chili Peppers. "There are definitely people who like my solo stuff and not the Red Hot Chili Peppers. My songs are written down and that's what they are. They get recorded in an hour. I don't change anything," he says, pointing out that this is a contrast to the perfected pop of the Chili Peppers.   His raw and passionate style of "capturing" music in its most simple form has attracted collaborations, notably with the late Johnny Cash. Uber-producer Rick Rubin asked the Man in Black to cover Depeche Mode's song "Personal Jesus" before he passed away last year. Upon hearing it, Cash needed help translating the electronic original into an acoustic track. Rubin contacted Frusciante, who took on the task with ease. "I recorded it in the amount of time it takes to play the song, and I sent it to Rick," Frusciante explains. "And Johnny sang along with the scratch vocal. I never met him!" The track is now available on Cash's American IV: The Man Comes Around (Universal).