            There is a scene in Funky Monks, the 1992 documentary about the Red Hot Chili Peppers that was filmed during the making of Blood Sugar Sex Magik, where a rail-thin and anxious-looking 21-year-old John Frusciante crouches on an L.A. rooftop, expounding on his knowledge of the "fourth dimension" to the camera. He has a shaven head and he squints in the sunlight. Some months later, Frusciante left the Chili Peppers altogether. Now, twelve years later, Frusciante is at a stage in his life where he can take his own time in the studio to record his solo work. Upon being asked when he started recording his upcoming LP, Shadows Collide With People, Frusciante says it was "when Radiohead were across the hall recording their latest album" and between the Chili Peppers' Californication and By The Way tours. That would be somewhere in between May 1999 to June 2002 to you and me, but Frusciante does not reason like the rest of us.  At 18 years old, in 1988, Frusciante clinched the lead-guitar slot in his favorite band, local L.A. scenesters the Red Hot Chili Peppers. He helped propel them into rock history with his songwriting -- though he shared co-writing credits with bandmates Flea, Anthony Keidis and Chad Smith on virtually every Blood Sugar Sex Magik tune, his guitar-playing was the driving force on brilliant hits like "Under The Bridge" and "Breaking The Girl." Then, in the middle of their world tour for that album, he quit, dropping out of the Hollywood limelight almost completely. Rumors swirled of madness, death and suicide, and the truth was not far off.  Frusciante famously holed himself up in the Hollywood Hills for three years, bent on heroin addiction. His self-abuse became so legendary that friends like Johnny Depp and the lead singer of the Butthole Surfers, Gibby Haynes, made a short film, Stuff, about a day in Frusciante's life -- a harrowing testament to the demise of the tortured creative mind. Never released, the movie is available on the internet at www.jftab.com.