          Berserkers (or Berserks) were ferocious Norse warriors who had sworn allegiance to the Viking god Odin. They worked themselves into murderous fury before a battle.  The term berserker comes from Norse "baresark", meaning "bear shirt". However, it could also be translated as "bare shirt" (i.e., no shirt).  The origin of berserkers is unknown, although Tacitus mentions groups of Germanic warriors with berserk-like fury.  It appears that berserkers were religiously-inspired warbands or warrior societies. Norse sagas mention berserker gangs with twelve members where new applicants had to go through a ritualistic or real fight to be accepted. Some berserks also took names with bj rn or biorn in them in reference to a bear. This is likely to be the source of names such as Beowulf and Bodvar Bjarke.  Berserker bands' fearsome reputation and the sight of raging warriors charging headlong into battle surely had a demoralizing effect on the opposition. However, allies were wary of them as well because berserkers could decide to pillage a friendly village on their own and rape their women Snorri Sturluson mentions berserkers in Egilssaga, Hrolf's Saga and Ynglingasaga. Many sagas describe berserkers as villains who kill, loot, and plunder indiscriminately. Erik the Red might have been a berserk.  Harald Finehair, founder of the kingdom of Norway, used shock troops of berserker warriors. Grettirssaga tells that those warriors were ulfhedinn or "wolf-coats", meaning that they wore wolf skins.  Many northern kings used berserkers as part of their army of hirthmen and sometimes equivalent to a royal bodyguard. It may be that at least some of those warriors just adopted the organization or rituals of berserk warbands or used the name as a deterrent or claim of their ferocity. It is doubtful any king would have accepted a band of homicidal maniacs as his closest men.  In 1015 King Erik of Norway outlawed berserkers. Icelandic Christian law banned berserkers as heathens and sentenced them to outlawry. By the 1100's organized berserker warbands had disappeared.  Berserkers are reported to have worn bearskins in battle ? thick fur would have worked as leather armor. Bear worship was not unusual in northern Germanic areas. "Possessed" by the spirit of the bear, they might have believed they had its the strength and ferociousness and could even take the animal's shape. In that respect, they are basis of fantasy characters like Beorn in the The Hobbit.  Warriors of the Varangian Guard (Norse warriors working for Byzantine Empire) also followed bear rituals.  Berserkers fought with crazed or drugged strength, heedless of danger. They worked themselves up into a bloodlust ? berserker rage - before battles, banging their helmets with their weapons, biting their shields, and howling. They were said to be immune to pain (or even immune to weapons) in battle. In their fury they would attack their enemies but also everything else in their path, sometimes even their own people and allies.