         1. Fire:- Consider replacing open fires with imitation coal electric fires that do not have hard to clean features. Make sure that your chimney is working properly. Smokeless fuel is better than coal which may produce high levels of sulphur dioxide, avoid gas fires. Wipe surfaces with a damp cloth regularly.  2. Plants:- If you like plants in the house cover the soil in the plant pot with pea-shingle as this will stop mould settling and forming. Consider having a spider plant as this reduces formaldehyde.  3. Soft Furnishings:- Settee Vacuum fabric covered upholstered furniture regularly - at least every couple of weeks and wash covers regularly at 60 degrees. When vacuuming it is important to do so with a vacuum cleaner that has high 'hepa' filtration and does not allow any of the allergen to escape from the exhaust. A good guide is if it holds the British Allergy Foundation Seal of Approval. This means that it has been tested extensively against a very high protocol in a laboratory. Consider using anti allergy covering under top covering. If replacing a suite opt for leather as the house dust mite cannot live there. Try and keep pets off the furniture. Cat allergen is particularly difficult for people with allergy as it stays airborne longer and is generally found over a wider area of the home. Cushions:- House dust mite are just as comfortable in the soft cushions as they are living in the carpets.  Click here for products awarded our Seal of Approval, to help you have an allergy friendly house.   4. Coffee Table:- Avoid clutter and too many ornaments. Wipe surfaces with a damp cloth. If flowers are desired in the room choose the type of flower with great care and opt for flowers such as lilies. The stamens which arise from the middle of the bloom should be removed carefully as the flower opens by a non-allergic person. This will remove the pollen. Board based furniture (MDF or chipboard) should be aired before use to reduce levels of formaldehyde.  5. Mat / Carpet:- Vacuum daily. When vacuuming it is important to do so with a vacuum cleaner that has high 'hepa' filtration and does not allow any of the allergen to escape from the exhaust. A good guide is if it holds the British Allergy Foundation Seal of Approval. This means that it has been tested extensively against a very high protocol in a laboratory. Remember pollen can live in the carpet for up to 3 months so in the hayfever season vacuuming is just as important as in the winter. Provide the dog with its own bed preferably made/covered with an anti allergy cover such as that used in bedding. Groom pets outdoors. Wash pets frequently to remove the allergens. Wash pet beds at over 60 degrees and remember pets suffer from allergies too.  Click here for products awarded our Seal of Approval, to help you have an allergy friendly house.   6. Air cleaner:- Running the air cleaner continually as per the manufacturers instructions can assist in the reduction/removal of allergens such as house dust mite, dander and smoke.  7. Lampshade:- Have washable lampshade as fabric ones hold dust.  8. Curtains:- Wash curtains every three months at a temperature of 56 degrees or above. Consider using a roller blind instead of curtains. House dust mite are just as comfortable living in heavy curtains as they are living in the carpets.  9. Windows:- Keep room well ventilated. Wash curtains regularly at 60 degrees. Make sure that UPVC glazing units are free of mould. In the hayfever season keep windows shut where possible.  10. Pets:- Pets should be kept off of the furniture where possible. Provide the dog with its own bed preferably made/covered with an anti allergy cover such as that used in bedding. Groom pets outdoors. Wash pets frequently to remove the allergens.  11. Picture Frame:- Picture frames should be dusted regularly. Damp dusting is particularly good for people who react to dust and / or are asthmatic. Avoid using a feather duster as this can 'flick' dust in the air which will remain airborne for several hours. There are electrostatic cloths on the market and these are also good.  12. Clutter / Ornaments:- Try to keep clutter to a minimum. If you like ornaments try and keep them in a glass cabinet to reduce the surface area that dust can cling to and to make it easier and quicker to 'damp' dust. Damp dusting is particularly good for people who react to dust and / or are asthmatic. Avoid using a feather duster as this can 'flick' dust in the air which will remain airborne for several hours. There are electrostatic cloths on the market and these are also good.  13. Wallpaper / Paint:- Don't forget that dust also sticks to the walls so make the wallpaper non-textured or able to be easily wiped. Paint is very much recommended for low allergen homes however solvents within the paint can spark off a reaction so thought has to be given. Remember the higher the VOC content the stronger the odour will be. Oil based paints are more likely to cause problems to people with allergy so water based paints and varnishes are better for allergic people as they are usually low in odour. Some people do react even to water based paint but there are allergen-friendly paints on the market from specialist suppliers.