         T IN THE PARK: PARK NAKED  Jul 12 2004  Camp pop singer does a a strip for music festival fans  By John Dingwall   SCISSOR Sisters singer Jake Shears gave 60,000 fans a tease in the park yesterday. The flamboyant frontman stripped off his tartan toga to flash at the crowd.  The New York band, who have had hits with Take Your Mama Out and Laura, were one of the first acts on the main stage at Balado yesterday afternoon.  And Shears left fans with something to remember after revealing his little snippet.  Kirsty Reid, 18, of Bishopton, Renfrewshire, said: 'He pulled off his tartan toga and stood there naked bowing to the crowd.  'He said he was going to be a true Scotsman and took his pants off too.'  Camp Shears was left in just a pair of cowboy boots, as band-mate Anna Matronic looked on.  Shears wasn't the only performer to flash the flesh yesterday.  Singer Alison Goldfrapp lifted the kilt of her keyboard player Will Gregory at the end of their hit Strict Machine - revealing a peace symbol on his bare bottom.  She had already shocked the crowd by pretending to perform a sex act with her radio mic.  And Saturday headliners The Darkness saw their stage hijacked by a pot-bellied streaker.  The ginger-haired man took to the stage as singer Justin Hawkins left for a costume change.  Scots bassist Frankie Poullain looked stunned as the streaker stayed on stage for several minutes before wandering off.  The incident was an embarrassing security breach for the festival organisers, who later claimed they were unaware of the incident.  A spokeswoman said: 'I didn't see anything like this and I have heard nothing of it.  'I'm sure it wasn't staged because that would have been incredibly hard to organise. We will be looking into it.'  The streaker wasn't the only surprise guest during The Darkness's set. Eleven young Scots pipers and two drummers joined them on stage.  The lads - mainly students at Glasgow's Royal Scottish Academy of Music and Drama - adapted the Darkness song Love On The Rocks With No lce for the bagpipes Stuart Cassells, 25, of Falkirk, revealed they had been invited to tea with the band at their hotel.  He said: 'We were approached by The Darkness guitarist Dan Hawkins at the last minute. We were told to keep it secret so that it could be a big surprise for the audience.  'We met them at their hotel in the afternoon before their gig and had high tea with them.  'Justin was doing party tricks for our benefit, throwing cigarettes into his mouth and larking about. They're great guys.  'We joked that we wanted £5000 per person but he haggled us down to a fiver plus expenses. We should have got in there before he spent all his money on that catsuit.'  Around 120,000 people watched more than 120 acts on eight stages over the two-day event, including Saturday sets by Muse, Starsailor, Black Eyed Peas and Wu Tang Clan.  Scots favourites Franz Ferdinand and Snow Patrol, trip hop greats Massive Attack and The Pixies were among the most talked about acts to fire up the final day's proceedings.  Medics treated more than 100 fewer people than last year.  They reported 346 injuries yesterday - mostly for sprains, strains, cuts and bruises. Thirty people needed hospital treatment.  There were 42 arrests, 22 of them drug-related.  Event commander Chief Superintendent Matt Hamilton, of Tayside Police, said: 'Overall, we are happy with everything on site.'  Festival stars collected customised goody bags after their performances.  Pink was given a pair of specially commissioned handmade sheepskin boots from Australia.  The Scissor Sisters were presented with boots bearing their logo on one heel and their initials or name on the other.  Stars also received Hamilton & Inches jewellery, handmade to a design by Nathalie Ambro.  Pringle of Scotland gifted Sport Tote bags and handbags, along with luxury Zirh face cream.  