         "Baby boomers defiantly refuse to grow old  By Maxine Frith, Social Affairs Correspondent  12 July 2004   The baby boom generation is refusing to grow old gracefully, preferring instead to recapture its youth with lavish spending on Harley-Davidson motorcycles, rock albums and round-the-world travel, a report published today says.   Research by the Demos think-tank has found that people in their forties and fifties are becoming a more profitable market than their teenage children because they have more money and a greater desire for luxury goods.   The report,Eternal Youths, found that the generation born between 1945 and 1965 is obsessed with staying young ˇ in looks and spirit. Rather than saving for old age, they are "spending their kids' inheritance" and are more likely to have Botox than play bowls.   The Demos study concludes: "As a generation, the baby boomers are likely to reject many of the traditional associations of old age. In making personal fulfilment their priority, many will use their purchasing power, connections and self-awareness to dominate the images and rituals of popular culture, the research shows.   "From middle-aged men and women on motorbikes to new beauty products and treatments and music retailing, the dominance of baby boomers will only grow," the report adds.   The research found that the average age of a Harley-Davidson motorcycle owner has increased from 38 to 46 over the past decade. The model train maker Hornby says that 75 per of its sales are now to adults rather than children, and the fortysomething age group buys more albums than teenagers.   The share of the market bought by teenagers has fallen from 22.1 per cent to 16.4 per cent over the past two years, while the 40-to-49 age group's slice has increased from 16.5 per cent to 19.1 per cent in the same period.   The report says Tony Blair is a typical member of the baby boom generation. He has confessed to a love of playing his electric guitar, and last year said he was a fan of the Darkness after raiding his children's CD collections.   People over 45 are now responsible for nearly 80 per cent of the country's wealth and one third of all consumer spending.   The Demos report says that companies which have previously aimed their marketing at the youth market, such as Adidas and Sony, should instead focus on the well-heeled "middle agers" who want to spend money they never had as teenagers.   The report's author, James Harkin, says: "Baby boomers seem intent on having their time again. For some, this may mean being able to finally afford the cool brands of their youth that they never had the money to buy when they were young."   He warns, however, that these born-again, middle-aged teenagers are becoming so obsessed with recapturing their youth that they are reluctant to accept that they are growing old.   "The blind spot of baby boomers is their refusal to come to terms with the natural processes of growing old. It is a paradox of our ageing society that many of us seem increasingly obsessed with the idea of youth ... Rather than regressing into youth, our ageing society could reclaim some of the benefits of growing older: wisdom, finesse and accumulated experience," Mr Harkin suggests. "   where does that leave me? i was born in 1966. my parents were born between 1945 and 1949. they're baby boomers, and i missed it by a year. 1966. the year of sgt. pepper's lonely heart club band. and dare i forget this. English Football. which i didn't even see at the time. i was born in october... i can't afford a bike, or all that stuff, and i went to university in the late 80's. so that's why i'm OUT of the ballpark i guess. 	 