         "T in the Park probe launched   The Darkness are one of this year's headline acts   Police have launched an investigation into an internet tickets scam at Scotland's T in the Park festival.   Internet auction site eBay said it had received complaints from customers who bought tickets from a Glasgow address for the event at Balado near Kinross.   Strathclyde Police said it was aware of the incidents and enquiries were at an early stage.   The organisers of the event sold all 120,000 tickets 10 weeks ago for the two-day event which begins on Saturday.   Missing tickets   More than 120 artists are set to perform across the festival's eight stages.   Rock legend David Bowie has cancelled due to ill health but spandex-clad Brit Award winners The Darkness and US rock band The Strokes will headline over the festival's two days.   Other top acts include Franz Ferdinand, Black Eyed Peas, The Pixies, Beta Band and The Scissor Sisters.   Darkness frontman Justin Hawkins has had a £20,000 catsuit custom-made for his performance on Saturday.   The group were said to be "jumping for joy" when they heard that Bowie had been forced to pull out.   The band said that they were desperate to headline the event.    David Bowie was forced to pull out of T in the Park    Guitarist Dan Hawkins said: "My ambitious side was a bit disappointed when we heard we were second fiddle to David Bowie.   He added: "But when I heard he had pulled out I was jumping for joy. I'm sure T in the Park organisers were glad we were there. Not many could step up to do it."   Bassist Frankie Poullain said: "Thank God we never pulled out or Starsailor would be headlining."   Bowie was forced to cancel his headlining performance due to a pinched nerve.   However, the singer was then diagnosed with an acutely blocked artery which required emergency surgery.   Negative feedback   According to newspaper reports, whoever sold the non-existent tickets may have fleeced music fans of £8,000.   James Squires, 25, from Leeds, bid £312 last week for a pair of tickets for himself and wife Carolina but his tickets never arrived.   He said: "The guy said he would send the tickets once the cheque cleared and when we saw it had been cashed we hoped the tickets would arrive on Wednesday or Thursday.   "But when we saw the negative feedback about the seller on eBay and couldn't get in touch with him we realised the worst."   There are rumoured to have been at least 25 other victims who paid between £250 and £340 for similar tickets.    We were informed of this and suspended the account of the seller immediately and also contacted the police.     eBay UK spokeswoman    eBay UK said it was "desperately sorry" to hear its users had been defrauded and pledged to do everything it could to help track down the culprit.   A spokeswoman said 0.01% of transactions end up with bidders being duped.   The company has recently launched a buyers' protection programme through the web-based payment system PayPal, insuring customers for damages up to £250.   She said: "We were informed of this and suspended the account of the seller immediately and also contacted the police."   A police spokesman said: "We have been made aware of the incident and we're currently investigating. Enquiries are at an early stage."   A media spokeswoman for T in the Park refused to comment and a spokeswoman for promoters DF Concerts said people should only buy tickets from officials sources."   what counts as being duped?  i think that it's a bit more than 0.01% being duped on ebay.  then again i've sold stuff on ebay, and i haven't duped anyone.  but i noticed people with loads of feedback, well the positive feedback looked faked.  look at the seller's negative feedback before you buy.  and see what the seller's reply was.  i've seen seller's write really defensive, even nasty replies: eg. "i never said it was in good condition.they should have complained before."  then there's the ppl who are competitors who may write a negative reply, or even pranksters, oh too funny.  but it shows that system could use a few changes.