         King Arthur' puts Wales on the map  Jul 19 2004  Jenny Rees, The Western Mail    THE success of the film King Arthur could be used to place Wales on the tourist map.  Fans of Welsh heart-throb Ioan Gruffudd will already be hoping that the epic secures his position within Hollywood circles, but the film could also do great things for Welsh tourism.  The film has already hit the box offices in America and opens in the UK on July 30, and it is hoped that as audiences rediscover the roots of one of Britain's most enduring legends, they will also start booking their tickets to visit the very places linked to the tale.  VisitBritain, which markets Britain to the rest of the world, has joined forces with Touchstone Pictures and Buena Vista International to publish a "King Arthur Movie Map".  The unique guide features key destinations and attractions synonymous with Arthurian legend from the Dark to Medieval Ages, as well as Roman Britain's historical sites and locations - and Caerleon in Gwent is one of the areas visitors are urged to visit.  There are 25 Arthurian and Roman locations on the map including Tintagel Castle, Merlin's Grave and Hadrian's Wall, along where much of the film's action and story is played out.  On the reverse of the map, VisitBritain has identified locations that appear in more than 50 new movies, classic film favourites and TV shows from the '60s to the present day.  The new adaptation of the King Arthur legend is being heralded as the most realistic version of the historical facts behind the myth and the map aims to help position Britain as the definitive destination for British and international visitors interested in the ancient legend.  Starring an all-star British cast including Clive Owen, Keira Knightley, Ray Winstone and directed by Antoine Fuqua with Gladiator screenwriter David Franzoni also on board, the film had it's UK premiere last week.  It sets the record straight historically, by going back to the 5th century - the Roman Britain of the Dark Ages. Stripped of the elaborate magic and romance of the medieval stories, King Arthur presents a new but authentic image of Arthur, Guinevere, Merlin and the Knights of the Round Table - with Gruffudd as Lancelot.  Printed in five languages for international visitors, a map featuring locations throughout the whole of Britain is available by contacting VisitBritain's international call centres or online at www.visitbritain.com/moviemap.     	from icwales  not about the movie, oh no, it's about getting tourists to wales. well hey is that what the movie is all about anyway? put a load of different brit accents in there, stick in a real welsh person, but in the stupidest move of them all have him play a Sarmation, which I am told is a Russian. yes, i know the references to them in the literature, i mean people keep telling me about it. and i'm familiar with arthurian literature, the history arguments, etc. why make Ioan Russian? I mean use his Welshness, his Britishness and make him be Welsh in it maybe? O.o and what's with the east london geezer as bors? so knightly isn't he? did they have all those london geezer affectations in the dark ages? i suspect not. no i haven't seen the film. but i mean show us most of it why don't you in the promos? and the casting? eeek! mind boggling.  (too lazy and tired to use capitals, and that doesn't make ppl illiterate for abbreviating, and using quick and easy to type lingo on the net. it makes them smart. because they can get more said. and do other things as well. instead of acting as if they are still at school and all they write will be marked and graded by a teacher. i'm long out of school, and university, so i'm long past all those concerns, but i am fed up with seeing ppl being criticised on message boards and forums for using abbreviations, and for not using capitals, or enough commas. stupid argument. petty picking on ppl.stick to the point of the argument, rather than using below the belt put downs.)