the   health  of the nation http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A20669-2002Sep29.html    i think this article needs a password - in case it doesn't i'll assume the blogmaster will get rid of the actual article and just leave the link Health Coverage Falls  Uninsured Numbers Up After 2 Years of Decline    By Amy Goldstein Washington Post Staff Writer Monday, September 30, 2002; Page A01   The number of Americans who lack health coverage has begun to increase again after a two-year decline, according to federal figures to be released today, which suggest that the faltering economy propelled another 1.4 million people last year into the ranks of the uninsured.  The most substantial drop in insurance during 2001 took place among people who had been getting health benefits through their jobs, particularly in small companies, the Census Bureau figures show. The pool of people with no outside help in paying their medical bills -- 41.2 million last year -- would have been even larger, except that government insurance programs absorbed more residents who are poor.  The portrait of the nation's supply of health insurance is the second significant piece of new evidence to indicate that the weakened economy is having adverse ripple effects on ordinary people -- and could have political repercussions. Last week, the Census Bureau reported that the proportion of Americans living in poverty rose last year for the first time since 1993, while the income of the middle class dipped for the first time in a decade.  Health insurance is widely considered a prerequisite of adequate medical care.  A spectrum of health policy experts predicted that the erosion of coverage in 2001 foreshadows a more dramatic drop-off this year and, perhaps, next. They noted that the forces that are straining the availability of insurance all have intensified in the past year. Those include rising unemployment, rapid medical inflation, and a growing number of states in which public insurance programs are outpacing budgets.  "This is not a blip. This is something we are going to see get worse and worse over the next several years," said Ron Pollack, executive director of Families USA, a liberal health care lobby.  A decade ago, the plight of the uninsured was a dominant political theme. Recently, political debate over health care has focused mainly on narrower questions, such as how to help the elderly pay for prescription drugs and how to protect patients in private health plans.  Word of today's impending news from the Census Bureau prompted calls late last week for federal action -- but little agreement over what the government should do. The Bush administration immediately urged Congress to approve health insurance tax credits and bigger subsidies for community health centers -- aspects of the president's budget proposal last spring that are largely favored by conservatives.   Meanwhile, an eclectic coalition of organizations, led by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and endorsed by former presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter, announced plans for a "Cover the Uninsured Week" next March, which will include hundreds of events across the country to draw attention to the issue. The coalition includes major representatives of business, the insurance industry, labor unions, and providers and consumers of care.  Still, there remains uncertainty that the government will address the problem thoroughly -- or soon. "We couldn't do anything about this when we had huge surpluses, so it's going to be that much harder to do with deficits," said Paul Fronstin, an analyst for the Employee Benefits Research Institute.  The census figures are based on interviews with people in 78,000 households through the annual Current Population Survey, who were asked whether they had insurance at any time during 2001. In today's report, the number of uninsured people for 2000 appears larger than reported a year ago -- 39.8 million, instead of 38.7 million -- because the figures were adjusted based on the most recent census.  Overall, the findings show that the percentage of uninsured people rose last year to 14.6 percent, from 14.2 percent in 2000.  The proportion of people who get insurance through their jobs dropped for the first time since 1993, from 63.6 percent in 2000 to 62.6 percent. This drop was almost entirely attributable to a decrease in employment-based coverage at companies with 25 or fewer employees. Coverage among workers at larger companies did not change.  Notably, the ranks of the uninsured grew among people ages 25 to 64, but not among very young workers who historically have relatively low rates of coverage. "The significant thing is, [the increase in the uninsured] is in those prime working years," said Charles Nelson, the Census Bureau's assistant division chief for income, poverty and health statistics.  Outside analysts attributed that pattern to decisions by some small employers to stop offering insurance as it has become more expensive, combined with decisions by some workers to drop coverage as their companies have required them to pay a greater share of insurance costs.  The data show that a lack of insurance became slightly more common among men and women. The proportion of uninsured children did not change, remaining at nearly 12 percent, or 8.5 million youngsters. Among poor children, more than 1 in 5 remained uninsured, even though more of them were enrolled last year in government programs -- Medicaid and the State Children's Health Insurance Program.  A scarcity of insurance remained concentrated in parts of the population in which the problem has long been most acute. Fully one-third of Latinos lacked coverage, far more than any other racial or ethnic group. More than 4 in 10 residents who are not citizens were uninsured, compared with slightly more than 1 in 10 people born in the United States. And more than one-quarter of high school dropouts had no insurance, compared with 7 percent of those who are college graduates.  Locally, Virginia had fewer uninsured residents last year than in 2000, while there was little change in Maryland or the District. The proportion of people without insurance was 11.3 percent in Virginia and Maryland and 13.4 percent in the District. But roughly 1 D.C. resident in 6 relied on Medicaid, far more than in either neighboring state.    © 2002 The Washington Post Company