a very sad tale from a scary city  A Roll Call: Decrepit Rooms to Wrong Pills   Broken Homes | The Operators: Voiceless, Defenseless and a Source of Cash (April 30, 2002  As operators and providers profit from adult homes, state inspection reports show that many of their residents go untreated and unbathed. Here are excerpts of findings since 1998.  ANNA ERIKA 427 beds, New Brighton, Staten Island  Resident with dementia wore urine-stained clothes for three days. Another had lesions draining onto clothes that went unchanged for two days. Another hid in room for days without eating or bathing, and was not hospitalized. While inspection going on, workers completed long-overdue records. Many residents complained about getting wrong psychotropic medication. When pills were missing, workers borrowed from other residents' prescriptions. Resident hospitalized after receiving wrong pills. Worker flushed pills down toilet instead of distributing them.  BROOKLYN MANOR 216 beds, East New York, Brooklyn  Resident had old and new blood stains on face and body, and was filthy. Staff did not respond to emergency calls from rooms. One resident lost 54 pounds in a year; home did not determine why. Records were inaccurate, incomplete or nonexistent. Worker signed that she gave medication to all 200 or so residents at 9 p.m., when she was not on duty. Kitchen and many rooms infested with flies. Residents made to work as janitors and in kitchen, in place of employees. One resident in charge of home one evening.  GARDEN OF EDEN 202 beds, Bensonhurst, Brooklyn    Operator routinely threatened residents with eviction, verbally harassed them and demanded compliance with unlawful rules, creating abusive environment. Medication handling chaotic, with psychotropic pills given haphazardly and at wrong times. Resident vomited for two days, no one called doctor or family, or monitored her. Meals meager and unappetizing.   LEBEN 361 beds, Elmhurst, Queens    Rooms so decrepit that 60 residents evacuated. Security guards distributed pills. Incontinent resident wandered home with wet pants. No activities in home, numerous fire hazards. Many residents "ill-groomed and malodorous." Workers "psychologically abusive" to residents. One resident burned in fight, another shot.   OCEAN HOUSE 125 beds, Far Rockaway, Queens    Rooms infested with cockroaches. Residents sleeping on soiled sheets. Kitchen floor rotted. Widespread hazardous conditions due to dilapidated home, ongoing renovations. Operator and son accused of embezzling millions of dollars from home and Medicaid. Serious deficiencies in medication handling and residents' hygiene.  PARKVIEW 134 beds, Olinville, the Bronx  Anorexic resident allowed to deteriorate so much that she weighed only 76 pounds and then died. Of 15 case management evaluations sampled, none completed. Numerous residents not receiving psychotropic medication. Workers did not know basic first aid. Resident refused to sleep in room because roommate harassed him and had history of violence.