Oh, Mir -- it's nice to see that things haven't changed!  As offended as you might be because Lott stepped up at the birthday party of a man who has lived ONE HUNDRED YEARS and said something vaguely nice about his past, I am 300% MORE offended that you have just compared Trent Lott to Adolf Hitler. There're extreme examples and then there are examples that are so extreme as to make them irrelevant. Exhibit A, your response below.  Once my breathing exercises kicked in, I was able to conjure up a response. Here's a counter-example that is a little closer to home: It's Ben's 60th birthday party. We're all gathered around, munching on fried tofu strips and organic vegetables. I raise my glass to my old friend. "Ben," I say, "you've lived a long and fruitful life. We have all watched with a little envy as you have lived a life imagined and been true to yourself. Now, I was sure that Leslie would turn out to be your one true love, and if you'd snapped her up before she turned legal, your life would have certainly turned out differently. You might even have had enough money to afford to retire by now, instead of mooching off us for so long." [cue polite laugher from the crowd]   Does this mean that I am advocating a romatic relationship between a 28-year-old adult and a 16-year-old minor? Am I coming out in favor of statutory rape? Hardly. What I am doing is speaking some comforting words to a dear friend of mine, trying to get him to reminisce about days gone by and success won and lost. Now, I am deliberately choosing a less extreme example. Segregation is wrong. Slavery is evil. There is no defending the southern white politicians or the white mobs of the 50s and 60s. But Trent Lott was toasting an old man at his BIRTHDAY PARTY, praising his past efforts, trying to make said old man think back on his life and feel content. Instead of a nice comment on an old man's accomplishments, this has exploded into a racial issue -- and the press has been pumping the bellows and tossing the gasoline cans with reckless abandon for 10 days.  Read the direct quote: '''I want to say this about my state,' Lott said at the party. ''When Strom Thurmond ran for president, we voted for him. We're proud of it. And if the rest of the country had followed our lead, we wouldn't have had all these problems over all these years either.''' (Washington Post, 7 Dec 02)  Where in that statement does Lott praise segregation? Where is the racist in the white sheet? Where does he say that the country would be better if we shipped all those dirty negroes back to Africa? Hell, the man didn't even once say "segregation" -- much less say that the overtly segregationist policies of the Dixiecrat party were right and good and embodied all that made America great. But you wouldn't guess that reading the news stories today....  Now, here's what the press has been reporting for the past two weeks [emphasis added]: "Senate Republican leader Trent Lott (Miss.) last night apologized for suggesting that the country would have been better off if  segregationist candidate  Strom Thurmond had been elected president in 1948." (Washington Post, 10 Dec 02); "Faced with an uproar over his remark that the nation would have been better off if Strom Thurmond had won the presidency  when he ran on a segregationist ticket  in 1948, Senate Republican leader Trent Lott apologized Monday night, saying he misspoke." (USA Today, 10 Dec 02); "Republicans are trying to regroup from the uproar caused by the  segregation statement  by Lott, of Mississippi, at an event marking South Carolina Sen. Thurmond's 100th birthday." (Reuters, 15 Dec 02); "...Lott said Mississippians were proud to have voted for the  one-time segregationist  when he sought the White House." (AP, 16 Dec 02); "...when Lott  praised the South Carolina Republican's segregationist run for president  in 1948." (Boston Globe, 19 Dec 02).   And my personal favorite: "Gore, speaking on CNN's "Inside Politics," said the Senate should censure Lott. 'It is not a small thing for one of the half-dozen most prominent political leaders in America to say that our problems are caused by integration and that we should have had a segregationist candidate,' he said. 'That is divisive, and it is divisive along racial lines.'" (AP, 7 Dec 02)  WHERE DID LOTT SAY THAT INTEGRATION CAUSED OUR PROBLEMS????????  What we have here is not a suddenly outed racist. What we have is a feeding frenzy, started by Democrats still stinging from the thorough trouncing they received in the mid-term elections and facilitated, even egged on, by a decidedly liberal press that has already convicted a man of racism. Yet again, I am disgusted by the blatant leftward leaning of our nation's media....