If I am understanding you correctly, you think the heart of their hatred for the USA is related to our support for Israel and the presence of troops in Saudi Arabia.  That may be, but there are problems with simplisticly removing the sources of their anger.    Keep in mind that Israel was founded by the UN in 1947 or 1948.  Yes, the existing inhabitants (now known as Palestinians, though there was not a Palestine at that time)were forced out of their homes, but you could (and I am very hesitant to do so because of the obvious implications to the US concerning Native American Indians) point out that the Israelis were driven out of that land that had been theirs for 2000 years.  Additionally, the occupied territories were occupied because the Arab countries have attacked Israel 2 or 3 times and lost.  Israel took those lands to offer additional protection from future attack.  I could be wrong, but I think that technically, a state of war still exists between Israel and Syria, meaning that Israel would be idiotic to surrender the Golan Heights (very strategic land) back to Syria.  In the ultimate irony, the radical Palestinians and Arabs want to drive the Israelis into the sea and exterminate them.  Do you recall the fighting in Kosovo a few years ago?  The Serbs (Christians) were trying to wipe out the Kosovars (Muslims).  Kind of ironic that we (USA/NATO) stopped the ethnic cleansing there, yet religiously related people want us to turn a blind eye and let them wipe out Jews.  As for Saudi Arabia, we may be "spoiling" sacred lands in the eyes of some Muslims, but we are there at the request and with the permission of the Saudi Royal Family (government).  If the extermists want us gone that bad, then they should petition for a change in their governments policy.  We don't generally stay where the government does not want us to be.  Caving in to the actions of terrorists will set a very bad example for future events.  What happens when the hypothetical pure Islamic nation existis, stretching from Tunisia to Pakistan and Turkey to Sudan, and they then decide that their Eurpoean  or Indian neighbors are living the corrupt lives of infidels.  Given the past effectiveness of their terroristic activities, they will try them again, seeing weakness.  As with most things, there are no simple answers, and I have no grandiose ideas.  But, appeasement does not work.  Just ask Neville Chamberlain.