If we don't have anything the fire ants want, they go away.  Eliminate the reason.  If we want to get our Retaliation Jones on, eliminate the reason while simultaneously taking out a few nests.  But if we don't eliminate the reason, we have to exterminate all fire ants, everywhere, for all time, faster than they can respond.    Another argument that has been added to the original one:  terrorists act out of hatred of liberty.  For crying out loud.  They act out because they want something to change, somewhere.  We may agree or disagree with that thing they want changed, and we can certainly be angry about their method, but don't avoid the issue by saying they're just mean people.  There is such a thing as kleptomania, and I can imagine a thrill in the act, but in general people steal things because they want them.  All the alarms and police in the world won't stop thieves until everyone has what they want.  Of course, meeting everyone's material desires is impossible.  But we can *combine* deterrents (police, locks, alarms) with strategies that target the cause:  we can educate people in how to get jobs, and show them the rewards of individual work -- both in material wealth and individual pride.  Our country does fairly well with this; I feel confident there is less stealing here than in, say, poor South American cities where there is a lot of law enforcement (though corrupt), no path to education and no honor in a hard day's work or in providing for a family.  My point being, arguing that people steal because they want things, can lead to nearly comprehensive solutions.  But arguing that people steal because they're evil -- what could that approach possibly solve?  Terrorists hate America not because they hate liberty -- I'm sure some of the 9/11 hijackers enjoyed a few shopping malls on the sly -- but because of clear (to them) wrongs that have been committed.  Ignore their reasons in the response, and they keep on coming.  Paint over those reasons with a gloss of "They hate liberty!  They hate freedom!", and Joe Dimwit Public will happily welcome black+white villains he can zap with his ray gun.  See, the argument has kept roaming farther and farther afield of critical thinking.  Instead of smoking out terrorists, sometimes by force, we're told that we're attacking evil people who hate liberty and freedom.  I still feel there's a strong argument to be made for war -- but somewhere it got lost when we all started wrapping ourselves in the flag and the righteous justice of Almighty God.  P.S. You can search Ebert's reviews by various fields, one of which is # of stars.  Other movies have received 0's and 1/2s.