I'm sure this will surprise few (if any) of you.  I support the impending conflict.  I have a hard time calling it a war for two reasons.  First, Congress will not declare war.  Second, just as the Tampa Bay Bucaneers playing Lee-Davis High School is not a football game, the US military versus the remnants of the Iraqi military is not a war.  Given the tenacity of the Israelis, I think they could defeat Iraq in a conventional fight.  Those last two words are the key to me.  Both Johnathan and Miriam have said that the Bush administration has not made a strong case for going to war with Iraq.  I have no doubt that Iraq has WMD.  Probably not nuclear, as nuclear material has a habit of leaving a foot print, but biological and chemical are much harder to track.  I have no doubt that our intelligence agencies, embarassed and pissed off about their gaffes pre-September 11, 2001, have sources and proof of these WMD.  For two reasons (alerting Sadaam of what we know and having him move them and protecting our intelligence sources), we have not come out and said "OK, over here they have 2 tons of Anthrax, and over there they have 500 gallons of VX.  There are weapons that Iraq previously admitted having that are unaccounted for.  That is scary.  It would not take much for Sadaam to give these things to Osama and his buddies, if it meant hurting the US.  Yes, Sadaam is considered an infidel by OBL.  I'm sure Sadaam considers OBL a madman (funny, when you think about Sadaam's mental state).  They don't like each other, true.  But, their hatred of us (and western culture in general) is greater.  The enemy of my enemy is my friend (for now).  Why do you think we supported Iraq in their war against Iran?  Because we thought Sadaam was a righteous dude?  Heck no.  It was because our choices of opposition to Iran (who was holding the hostages) were extremely limited (the Soviet Union, like that would happen, and Afghanistan, who, oh by the way, had been invaded by the Soviet Union.  So, we made a deal with the devil in the name of trying to get our people back.  So, if OBL sent Sadaam a message saying he had a way to get a WMD into NYC, DC, or LA, don't you think he would give OBL whatever was needed to deliver it there?  I agree, peace and diplomacy should always be the first option, but we have had 12 years of defiance of the terms Sadaam agreed to as part of the end of the Gulf War.  That is the difference between "defying" an optional treaty that you didn't sign (Kyoto and the International War Crimes) versus a treaty that was part of the terms of your surrender.  How much longer are we supposed to give him to comply?  At what point do we say enough is enough?  When a city disappears in a mushroom cloud or a VX bomb goes of in Central Park?  Three thousand people were killed a year and half ago by Islamic extremists.  They will keep coming at us until we make it unsafe for them to operate anywhere in the world and give them no support structure supplying weapons and money.  Now, if it ends up that Iraq does not have WMD, you will see a huge backlash against Bush, and Edwards/Kerrey/Clinton/Gephardt will be the next president.  That, quite frankly, scares the hell out of me.  But, if the peoples trust is broken, Bush will not survive politically.