I enjoyed Buffy's solution, and a few of the exchanges.  Beyond that:  One of the ubervamps nearly killed Buffy; now Andrew, Anya, Wood, Giles, and Xander can take out a few.  Angel arrived to deliver an amulet that did...what, exactly?  Talk about easy fixes.  Good thing Angel set up that second line of defense...where, exactly?  If it was daylight, couldn't they have knocked down the walls so the ubervamps couldn't get out of the hole?  Easy fix, part 2: the scythe.  Please.  Never mentioned before, never fully explained, and looked like a prop for some Klingon blood feud.  And let's introduce Buffy's greatest threat towards the end of the season, with no backstory, no explanation -- she just needs something to hit.  And let's invent a Big Bad that can be any dead person, and *not* have it appear as Tara at any time, or, in the last moment, appear as her mother -- wouldn't *that* have been more morale-defeating?  And throughout the enTIRE series it has been proven that crosses repel vampires, yet not *one* person brings a cross into the *Hellmouth*.  As for Kennedy and Willow, the writers assumed I would care, without making any effort to sell it.  And finally, Spike, who the writers have worked *very* hard to sell to me, sacrifices himself not in a personal, character-driven way, but by wearing an unexplained amulet that robs him of choice -- he never knew what it did, or the consequences, until the last moment, so instead of making a journey from A to B, he suddenly finds himself at B, and figures, what the hell, might as well.  That's not sacrifice, that's circumstance.  I *much* preferred Anya's sudden death in battle.  A senseless death should be a senseless death, not a slapped-together oh-lookout-I-guess-I'm-sacrificing-myself-oh-well death.  Either write a character-driven sacrifice based on clear, high-stakes choice, or let the character simply die in battle.  Meanwhile -- I enjoyed the funny moments, I enjoyed Angel's initial appearance (though he disappeared as yet another casualty in the writer-painted-in-a-corner situation), and I *thoroughly* enjoyed Buffy's solution, though I question the wisdom of ending the series with such a world-changing event -- who is going to teach all these girls?  I predict that, being human, the majority will turn out to be chaotic and dangerous.  But of course, we know they won't, because we all know that if women were given such power, surely they wouldn't do the baaaad things men do, because women are inherently *good* creatures!  Take that, evil evil men!  I am sorely disappointed that the story, which was so effective at creating a metaphor and myth for personal empowerment, ended on such a simplistic, heavy-handed note.  The show remains as important to me as Twin Peaks or B5.  I will enjoy it for many years.  But beyond season 5, it was notable only for select episodes or isolated moments.  To its credit, those select episodes and isolated moments were better than most of the television out there at the time, and that's a high compliment indeed.  Sometime, watch the whole arc of season 3 with the mayor, or season 5 with Glory.  Then watch season 7, and note how it skips and sputters to the end.  It could have been, should have been, so much more.