I've got a free bouncing flashing ball from Lexis-Nexis.  You bounce it, it flashes.  Very useful for alerting people you're in danger, or frightening young children.  It's an incentive to sign up for their bar review course.  Seems a little early -- like, say, three years early -- to be thinking about taking the bar exam, but I guess there's lots of competition for bar review course providers.  They had all sorts of information about how if you sign up now you get free end-of-the-year tutoring sessions for exams, and stuff like that.  Not that interested, really.  Just too soon to be worrying about the bar exam.  Although I appreciate the ball.  This afternoon we have the student organizations fair in the Ropes-Gray room.  Could they name that room after two less fun sounding people?  I think of ropes and gray and I think of being on line in the post office.  Waiting for a bank teller.  Visiting someone in jail.  Ropes.  Gray.  How about the Handcuffs-Drizzle room?  Should we hold the carnival in there?  Or the Trapped-Lightning auditorium.  Let's turn it into a dance club.  Why couldn't they pair Ropes and Gray with different people to create more pleasant room name combinations?  Ropes-Carousel has a nice sound to it -- makes me think of a theme park.  The Gray-Hound room could be the travel office.  Gray-Zing could be the barn.  I don't know.  "Ropes" is a tough one for a room name, actually.  It conjures up waiting in line.  One of those turnstile lines, zig-zagging back and forth and back and forth.  It doesn't help that registration was in the Ropes-Gray room, and that basically was just a whole line-waiting extravaganza.  It reminds me of a South Park episode I saw once, where they're at an amusement park and there's a "Line Ride," where you wait on line, get to the end, and then you're done.  "Thanks for riding the line ride."  Acceptable for a cartoon, sure.  But not acceptable at law school.  I want the student organizations fair to be in the Enjoyable-Diversions room.  Or the Time-Filler corridor.  Or even the Fail-Gracefully amphitheater.  But Ropes-Gray?  Come on.  They can do better than that...