I went to the Jewish bagel brunch today.  Good bagels.  Took some back with me.  Because they're free.  No stereotypes here.  Someone came over and asked if this was the Christian brunch.  I thought he was kidding.  He wasn't.  He left.  I'm a little bit addicted to Bubble Tea.  If you've never tried it, it's like iced tea with milk and balls of tapioca at the bottom which you suck up with a big straw.  Yeah, that sounds pretty vile.  But it's really good.  It's about a 10 minute walk away.  I've gone twice so far, once when I stumbled across the place when I was exploring, and then today as a little reading break.  So twice isn't too bad.  If it gets to be more than once or twice a week I'll seek professional help.  Speaking of the reading... it's not that bad... it's not the most thrilling stuff so far, but it's manageable.  I'm trying to read for the whole week -- and especially since I have only one class on Thursday and one on Friday, so my week is very front-loaded anyway.  Oddly enough, the Criminal Law reading is the least interesting of my subjects so far -- and you'd think that would be the most interesting.  On 60 Minutes, Andy Rooney did a thing about trains. He likes trains better than planes.  He also still uses a typewriter.  I typed up my schedule onto a little sheet of paper so I know where I have to be at any given time.  For whatever reason, Harvard's time slots aren't consistent across days.  Monday and Tuesday have the same slots for classes, and Thursday and Friday have the same slots as each other (but different from Monday and Tuesday), and Wednesday's different from all of them.  So I have classes that begin or end at the following times throughout the week: 8:30, 9:40, 10:00, 10:15, 11:10, 11:35, 11:55, 12:00, 12:30, 1:10, 1:20, 2:00, 2:50, 4:00, 4:20, and 6:00.  See where this can get a little confusing?  I was inspired to write a song the other day.  It's more introspective than funny, but if you're reading this far you're probably willing to indulge me.  It's not so much about how I feel, but it's taking an idea that crossed my mind and expanding on it in song lyric form.  E-mail me if you want the mp3.  :)  "You're Still You"  No one knows you No one can tell No one knows you No one knows you well You can be anything you want to be You can do anything you want to do But before you know it You're still you  Want to change it? Well here's your chance Want to change it? Take a brand new stance? Even though you try your best to make a change In your heart there's really not a lot to do Cause before you know it You're still know  (BRIDGE) You say no, this time's different Be the one who you dreamed you could be This time is different Live a life that you're longing to see This time's different You will do what you wish you could do And you won't be you anymore You won't be you  No one knows you 'Cept the reflection you see No one knows you Except you in your heart You can try, try as hard as you can try You can do all the things you want to do But in the end You're still you  And it's okay Cause I like you for you  (end song)