Something more funny (I hope) than my essay below on the summer job search.  A sketch and song:  "1L Summer Job Hunt"  [Lights up outside Holmes Hall, nighttime.  6 students are bundled up in winter clothing, each wearing a backpack.  Student 1 looks at his watch.]  Student 1: 11:59.  Only one more minute till midnight.  Student 2: I can't wait.  Student 3: Yeah, I've been looking forward to this since September.  Student 4: Ten seconds.  [They count down together]  All students: 10 - 9 - 8 - 7 - 6 - 5 - 4 - 3 - 2 - 1 - ZERO!  [They're very excited!]  Student 1: It's December First!!  Student 2: Now we can apply for summer jobs!!  Student 3: I'm so excited!  [They open their backpacks and pull out stacks of manila envelopes.  One student tries to open to the door to Holmes, to get into the mail center.]  Student 4: It's locked!  Student 5: Don't worry!  I stole the guy's key ring during lunch yesterday and made a copy!  No one's gonna get their resumes to the firms before us!  [He starts to unlock the door.]  Student 2: How many envelopes have you got there?  Student 3: Sixty.  How about you?  Student 2: Sixty-three.  Student 3: [trying not to show his disappointment]  Well, this is only the first batch.  [Student 1 takes off his winter coat to reveal that he is wearing a suit.]  Student 6:  Why are you wearing a suit?  Student 1: I have an interview with Milbank at 12:10.  Student 6: Tonight?  Student 1: Yeah.  Unfortunately someone had already taken the midnight slot. I'd better run.  [Student 1 exits.]  Student 6: That sucks.  Student 4: Yeah.  I'm really worried.  My first interview isn't until tomorrow.  After lunch.  Student 3: After lunch?  But by then all the jobs will be taken.  Student 4: That's what I'm worried about.  [Student 2 pulls out his cell phone and starts dialing.  He motions for everyone else to quiet down.]  Student 2: Shhh.  I'm on the phone. [he talks into the phone]  Yes. Shearman and Sterling?  Hi.  I'm a 1L at Harvard and I was wondering if I could set up an interview.  [pause]  Yes, I realize it's just after midnight.  But it's December 1.  [pause]  I realize that.  But it's the first day that 1Ls can try to get summer jobs, and so I figured. [pause] Oh, the hiring partner will give me a phone interview right now?  That's great!  [As soon as the other students hear that, they all take out their phones and start dialing.]  Student 3: O'Melveny and Myers.  Speed dial number 7.  Student 6: [into his phone] Hello?  My grandfather is Mr. Cromwell.  Student 5: [into his phone] Do you have Mr. Cravath's home number?  Yes, I realize it's late..  [Student 2 hangs up his phone, excited.]  Student 2: I got a callback!  I've got to get to Logan to make the red-eye for my 4 AM interview!  [They all begin to sing // to the tune of: "Higher" by Creed]  When reading I'm dreaming 'bout another world A world where I get paid At sunrise I want to be at interviews And talk about the law and all about myself 'Cause there's a hunger, a longing for the good life Fulfilling all the dreams I've had since was four  I'll make partner Then I'll find me a life I will make partner Then I'll buy me a wife  I can finally get hired So my law career can start I can finally get hired Because I am really smart  It's easy when firms are falling over To try and talk to second-years but I am not quite there Cause first year, they say that it's a challenge But I am gonna be the first one, who's hired for the year First step towards the White House And first step towards my future monarchy  I'll make partner After my third heart attack I will make partner And buy my wife a new rack  I can finally get hired At a firm where rates are high I can finally get hired Work like mad until I die  I'll make partner, partner I will make partner I will partner some day  In suits I feel like I'm alive for the very first time With dictionaries, photocopies, Westlaw searches, lunches with the boss All that I'm learning in FYL will soon pay off  I can finally get hired Doors are opening, let me through I can finally get hired Legal research is what I'm meant to do I can finally get hired All my loans be reimbursed I can finally get hired Just after midnight, it's December first