Got my orientation schedule for next week.  Some highlights:  8:30 a.m. - 9:30 a.m.   Preparation for Registration 9:30 a.m. - 10:00 a.m.   Registration  Why would it take an hour to prepare for something that only takes half an hour?  1:00 p.m. - 3:00 p.m.   Dean's Welcome Lunch, Jarvis Field Tent  Maybe I'm wrong, but whenever I see the word "tent" in the location for "lunch," I get very unexcited.  I picture hamburgers.  Or little sandwiches on platters.  I also picture hot sun, really long lines, and a generally underwhelming experience.  But maybe I'm wrong.  4:30 p.m. - 5:30 p.m.   Financial Aid Orientation  "The bank is a quarter of a mile South.  You are currently facing West.  Here are your compasses."  9:30 a.m. - 10:15 a.m.  Library Tour, enter front steps  As opposed to from the roof.  I'm finding it hard to imagine there's 45 minutes worth of stuff to see in the library.  Unless they're going to have us shelve books, or complete a short research assignment while we're there.  I remember a "library orientation" in high school where we had to find things "hidden" in books -- kind of like a scavenger hunt, only without the fun.  Like, "use the Dewey Decimal system to find a book about Astrophysics," and "find a New York Times article about the death of President Taft on microfilm."  That was so much fun!!  And useful!!   10:20 a.m. - 11:20 a.m.   Campus Tour, immediately following  Well, first of all, it's not "immediately following."  There are five minutes inbetween the two tours.  And secondly, I hope the length of the two tours is not commensurate with the amount I'll be spending in each location -- "well, for every hour you spend anywhere on the campus, you'll be spending forty-five minutes in the library."  Hmmm.  5:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.   All School Party, Jarvis Field Tent  I don't know if I can stay up that late!!  (And the tent again?  Come on...)  8:00 p.m. - 10:00 p.m.   Boat Cruise.  Tickets, Pound 330  I have to buy tickets for something?  Aren't I paying enough?  And I hope "Pound 330" is a room number and not the price of the tickets, because 330 pounds is a lot of money.  Friday, September 27th 7:05 p.m.   Red Sox vs. Tampa Bay.  Tickets, Pound 330  Yeah, if they're not on strike.  Red Sox tickets, I'll pay 330 pounds for, it's fine.  But did they have to pick the game against Tampa Bay?  Is Tampa Bay even going to show up to play this meaningless late September game all the way up North in Boston?  They were mathematically eliminated from the postseason in June, are they even still getting paid?  But, honestly, this activity I'm looking forward to.  And it's not in a tent!