"The Twelve Days of Finals"  On the first day of finals, the law school got to see A lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the second day of finals, the law school got to see Two crammers cram as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the third day of finals, the law school got to see Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the fourth day of finals, the law school got to see Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the fifth day of finals, the law school got to see Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the sixth day of finals, the law school got to see Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the seventh day of finals, the law school got to see Seven leapers leaping Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the eighth day of finals, the law school got to see Eight newly-decided business-school applicants applying Seven leapers leaping Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the ninth day of finals, the law school got to see Nine students in the professor's office begging for answers Eight newly-decided business-school applicants applying Seven leapers leaping Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the tenth day of finals, the law school got to see Ten study groups in the library at three in the morning Nine students in the professor's office begging for answers Eight newly-decided business-school applicants applying Seven leapers leaping Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the eleventh day of finals, the law school got to see Eleven transferees transferring Ten study groups in the library at three in the morning Nine students in the professor's office begging for answers Eight newly-decided business-school applicants applying Seven leapers leaping Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.  On the twelfth day of finals, the law school got to see Twelve professors dancing Eleven transferees transferring Ten study groups in the library at three in the morning Nine students in the professor's office begging for answers Eight newly-decided business-school applicants applying Seven leapers leaping Six students hanging Five kids who fail Four laptops break Three sleep through Two crammers cram  as a lot of straight-A students get a B.