Had the last criminal law class this morning.  Had to fill out course evaluations.  The bubble sheets, that require a #2 pencil.  Which, of course, three people had.  So we all had to share.  Maybe it's a secret plan to keep us from filling out the forms.  In undergrad they always had little boxes of golf pencils for us to use.  I guess Harvard's endowment isn't big enough to afford those.  We're doing a Secret Snowflake (think Secret Santa, but non-denominational) thing in my section and I still have to go get my person a present.  I spent a few minutes trying to think of something creative.  But nothing came to me.  I think I'll go with a Jelly Belly bear with jelly beans or something like that.  The cold weather makes going out and actually getting it somewhat of a chore.  Maybe that can be an activity for later this afternoon.  The only schoolwork I have left before break is to revise my first-year-lawyering memo and hand in the final draft.  I keep opening the Word file and just not doing anything.  I'm paralyzed to do work.  I took a nap last night from 6:30-8:40, prime working hours... I don't know what it is that's stopping me from just sitting down and getting done with it.  Sorry for the rambling without a point.  I'll try to make up for it with something funny here.  Top Ten Things A Professor Shouldn't Say At the End of the Last Class of the Semester  10. "You guys should know, you're the fourteenth best class I ever taught."  9. "One last thing.  Everything I said this semester was a lie.  Have a great vacation." 8. "And that concludes the introductory remarks.  Next semester we'll start with the real stuff." 7. "I hope you've learned a lot this semester.  Because the exam's gonna be a killer." 6. "I faked this whole teaching thing pretty well, didn't I?" 5. "The half of the book we didn't cover?  You'll be responsible for knowing that as well." 4. "I suppose it's okay to tell you now.  I'm not really the professor.  I killed the professor in September and have been pretending to be him all semester so nobody would notice." 3. "Wow.  All semester I've had a highly contagious infection, and, shockingly enough, no one in whole class has caught it!  Congratulations!" 2. "Finally!  I can't wait to get away from all of you!" 1. "We still have a lot more material to cover.  The doors are locked from the outside.  We're staying here until I'm done."