I was just watching 60 Minutes (yes, I'm really 75 years old...) and literally cringed at something Andy Rooney said during his commentary at the end.  He was talking about newspapers -- and I'm not really sure what his point was -- he had about a dozen newspapers spread across his desk and he had a couple of comments about each one.  "Here in the Asbury Park Press was an article about a woman who dressed up her twin daughters in costume and sent them to rob a bank... I wonder what her husband does for a living."  And one of the last ones he had was a college newspaper from the University of Virginia -- the headline and byline were called out on the screen -- "Taking a Stand for Good Writing" by Jeffrey Eisenberg.  And I thought to myself, "wow, what a lucky kid, his college newspaper article's on national television.    And Andy Rooney said: "And here in the Daily Cavalier, a newspaper at the University of Virginia, a student wrote an article all about good writing.  And it's written  badly ."    And I literally cringed.  Regardless of whether the article's good or not -- I found it on the web   here  but I haven't read it yet, so I have no idea if it's good or not -- what right does Andy Rooney have to embarass a  college student  on TV like that?  He's not a professional journalist, and even if the article sucks, so does most of what's in any college paper.  I really, genuinely feel bad for the writer.  I mean, millions of people watch 60 Minutes.  It just doesn't feel right to me.  Maybe it just hits close to home because of my law school newspaper column -- I certainly wouldn't want Andy Rooney telling the world I write badly, whether or not it's true.  I have to wonder if I'm overreacting, or if this is really going to turn into a story.  I'll check the UVA newspaper tomorrow and the next day to see if there's any mention...   Edited to add : The article's from January 2002.  The rest of the articles Rooney talked about were about recent events -- the oil tanker spill near Spain, John Kerry's exploratory committee for President -- so why would he pick this UVA article from 11 months ago?  The last article this guy wrote, incidentally -- but I imagine that's just a coincidence.  I'm baffled.  At the very least, the fact that the article's so old means that Andy Rooney's careless to include it.  But I wonder if there's more than that?  I'm a little baffled.  And, yes, I know this isn't worth the time I've spent thinking about it...