          i love you golden blue  this past weekend was like being in some sort of weird comatose state. or drifting in a deep pool of water... scissor-kicking my way to nowhere in particular. it's like listening to sonic youth's "i love you golden blue" on repeat whle the sun warms my cheeks to a nice shade of rose.  on saturday night i hung out with anna, george, katy, stephanie of va, greg and ryan the girl. some of us checked out vaz at north six. what a fucking awesome show, including the end where paul knocked the microphone stand off the stage and mimed his thank you. vaz is heavy rock that foams at the mouth but over the last couple years, they have developed really catchy guitar lines that swerve around like race cars. how can a drummer and guitarist make such a full sound? i dunno, but that drummer is fucking outta his mind. he looks so possessed. blink and you'll miss way too much.  then we headed over to ryan's apartment... which is crazy. they have a swing and hammock. they usually leave their double doors open and people riding their bikes by think it's some sort of tropical bar. but no, it's a fucking apartment. so stop walking in! while we were lushing on puerto rican rum, a couple people just walked in. one of ryan's roommates were like, "who are you?" and they were like, "isn't this a party?" hahahahaha.  i had been wanting to ride my bike all weekend. finally got to a little bit on fourth of july. after making peach daiquiris with katy and stephanie of va, i rode my bike to greenpoint to meet up with george. george, joe and i ended up watching the sonic youth dvd that george bought. i still can't get over the video with macaulay culkin in it. disturbing to watch thurston moore bobbing heads and playing guitar with the red-lipped wonder.  then george and i headed to the rooftop party. we ran into christy and eventually greg and joe graced us with their presence. i got kinda smashed on makers and gingers. we watched the fireworks in awe. smiley faces with whiskers! we danced around with wimpy sparklers. we ate the bbq food that christy brought. then i was so tired i went home early and passed out. how was your J4 celebration?  then i re-read the  griffin & sabine  trilogy, which chris helped me locate. that story is so romantic. love those books!