            i really liked the kings of leon after i saw them live... more on their set later (they were joined by ben kweller on stage for one song)....   the kings of leon afterparty was downstairs at the bowery after the show. it was pretty crazy. i met ben kweller who has a mighty grip. the kings in the flesh. i saw julian and the rest of the strokes. i stood next to nick valensi for part of the time during the kings set in the balcony. i met gina gershon. it was an insane night of meeting people. and now my feet hurt.  here is the one photo i got of julian and the back of nikolai. i kept wanting to take a formal photo of julian and other rock stars, but he sensed that and ran away downstairs. har har. whatever -- i didn't want to be like the papparrazzi around us. that was actually quite sickening.   i have come to hate the papparazzi and thank god i am not a celebrity! flash flash flash. how annoying to stand there talking and feeling like you're going to have an epileptic seizure. this one guy seemed so normal. he came up when we were talking to gina gershon and he acted like he knew her. gina was like, "when have we met?" and he was like "at some premiere for some film, i'm sure." then he asked her something like "did you make out with some chick and could you recreate that moment?" d'oh, it was papparazzi. he kept saying it as we walked away. shit like that must happen to celebs all the time. i was so weirded out by the experience. also in attendance were liv tyler, drew barrymore who was making out with fab quite a bit, that mooney suzuki guy, the donnas, jet, and a host of other rock stars i'm sure i didn't recognize.   along the way i ran into justin from bishop allen. bloggers. nina and matthew. jco! and the red comes up. more news later...   and now a moment of silence for 9-11.  apparently, there are bloggers including me in this mtv you hear it first   stellastarr* piece . co co co! i learned from reading hard glitter and listening to dennis that the realistics will return to the bowery ballroom oct. 3 in support of the candy butchers (that guy who sang "that thing you do"), jonny lives and the flesh. erik -- that's all you!