         OK, I didn't watch the Yankees-BoSox game. I did however learn how to crochet (thanks, shara!!), and I also went to see   Bishop Allen   last night at the Mercury Lounge. If you didn't know, they changed the lineup a little – put Jack on drums, new girl C.O. on keyboards… I like the new combination a lot. What I find particularly appealing about this group is the fact that they are so full of character and quirks, and write intelligent songs-stories about being young, in the city, in and out of love… with sense of humor and heart. Those are the qualities that charmed me when I first saw them perform in their loft a year ago, and those are the qualities that still bring a smile to my face when I see them now. That and, oh, Justin's hokey pokey dance moves. Adorable! Hehe. And yes, I did love their new song: "Making friends is so damn easy, Just smile and act all pleasing!" Classic.  Bishop Allen were followed by headliners,    Metric  . I had to admit I was curious to see what this band was all about because so many people were singing their praises (  Sarah ,   Marc ,   Eric ,   Jo ). I thought that the lead singer, Emily Haines, had a great voice and an OK stage persona… but then she started acting like she was on drugs -- totally bizarre and high as a satellite. she started doing jump kicks and shoulder twitches and hair flinging and making eyes with   fans . it was funny, but very distracting. so, in short, I almost liked metric. maybe I have to be on drugs, too, to enjoy it. or at least drizzunk. neither of which I were…  the other night, I inadvertently went to see    oxford collapse  . I was hanging out with my friend, saryn, who I haven't seen for ages, and we wandered into lit. I suddenly realized that OxC were playing downstairs, and we went down to watch their set. the boys have a new bassist to replace Yong Sing, though I don't know his name. mike started rockin' out on stage like crazy, as the room sweltered in body heat and cigarette smoke. they were a lot harder than before, and their stage performance has improved quite a bit. if you haven't seen them, they are playing the vicious/crashin'in cmj showcase at sin-e on October 22. go see them, along with    mommy and daddy   (8 p.m.).