          vomit launch    the new york times says that interns are the new hipsters.  every young person in america has at one point or another heard that getting an internship is a valuable and necessary way to get ahead. it is all about the people you know and the hands-on experience you have. when i was in school, i certainly took that to heed and did a bunch of internships. looking back, i think that all meant horseshit. not to say that my times at some of those major magazines, non-profits and other miscellaneous organizations weren't valuable at all, but they just don't mean much anymore. i just think about them fondly as experiences i had a long time ago.    so how were they valuable? all of those experiences cannonballed and led me to my current aspirations as less a writer and more a behind the scenes type in the music industry. working at major magazines made me realize that i don't like writing about things that are huge and commercial. and i don't really care about fashion and beauty as much as i enjoy   making fun of it . my enjoyment lies in the indie culture that is unfortunately fast becoming huge and commercial enough to be written about in the new york times.    that kind of commercialization makes me shy away from professing my love for bands like the strokes and pavement, and instead, professing my love for   smaller, up-and-coming bands . i get a rush from trying to change and grow with my community. thinking of ways to improve the community that is soon in danger of imploding on itself. it's like how malkmus said in the slow century documentary on pavement when their videos started spinning on mtv and a wholly different group of kids started coming to their shows. the fans and the band started to diverge, making gigs less enjoyable. suddenly they were playing for kids at lollapalooza, getting booed and mud thrown at them. hopefully living in the new york indie community won't become less enjoyable with its recent commercialization. [link from   tma ]