          there's no place like texas  i found out today that i will be heading to    sxsw   next year. of course, i will be working a lot of that time, but i will also have the opportunity to party a lot and see lots of great shows for free. the more i think about it, the more i'm getting excited about it. hopefully,    dirty on purpose   will join me. the band is getting ready to record some more songs this month, and we're all as excited as can be! everything seems to be moving smoothly, and everyone's working very hard.    vicious night   dop's performance at    vicious   was good. i was nervous before they went on stage, but after the music began, all of my nerves melted. their songs washed over the crowded room like a blissful breeze of pretty atmospheric notes that shimmered. the set list was really exciting. they debuted a new song called "mind blindness," and then they followed it with a kick-ass version of "monument." i feel like they get stronger and stronger every time i see them. they probably won't have another show lined up until mid to late january, so to tie you over, buy a dop cd from    truthflies.com  .    i was also impressed by    scout  's performance. they had catchy songs that build nicely into poppy rock songs. i liked ashen keilyn's husky vocals and her tomboyish vibe won me over. i still have their song "before you" in my head. it's on their website if you want to listen to it! oh yeah, and boy could that guitarist do high kicks!      ps   were also quite good, though their set felt really long. i really liked their one song that had the lyrics, "i used to think you had a sense of humor." don't know the title of that one... that sensitive song stood out the most to me, but overall ps gave off a thom yorke-ian vibe that was less technical and full, but still really cool and heartfelt. i heard they used to have a cellist, and perhaps the music would have sounded more full with some strings.       aerial love feed   also performed with their strobe lights and sunglasses intact. they definitely have a placebo vibe, complete with rock star poses and haircuts. their music throbs and bounces off the walls, but it's not really the kind of thing i'm into, though i think technically they're a good band. sometimes i don't know why i am attracted to   some bands  more than   others . music is mysterious in that way. there's something inside of us all that draws us to different chords, different lyrics, different intonations. and that's why being in a band is such a gamble these days. who knows what will work and what won't?   however, the rocks, a highly charged band from london, apparently is fairly confident that rockin' out, jumping on bars and falling off the stage is what they want to do. though i wouldn't say their music was overwhelmingly brill, their performance was quite outstanding and fun to watch. it certainly made me whoop and holler. it also seemed like most of their cohorts (including the lovely miss vivian from mommy and daddy) were in the audience supporting their english buddies. also the girl in the band had these phosphorescent yellow heels paired with royal blue stockings -- all with a dress that had the poofiest sleeves ever. joe, dj, erika, jenna, jason and i had dinner at the pink pony with the band's bassist who was very nice and charming. dj lent him some bass stuff (i know, very specific, eh?) and joe lent their guitarist some guitar stuff, and the band was quite happy to play with dop's equipment. i didn't mean that in a dirty way. haha. anyways, the bassist was leaving back for england the next day and couldn't play with the rocks at plaid, so vivian was subbing on bass for them. the drummer also couldn't play at plaid and kevin from on!air!library! had to sub on bass for them. anyone go to that show?   throughout the night   dennis realistic  played the best list of songs ever. he played the ronettes with the raveonettes and the realistics with old school kylie minogue. and the best new strokes song - "the end has no end." so good! dennis is always full of energy and is the biggest sweetheart always. he also donned a tres cool fedora. love that boy.