          winter makes me numb  i'm not sure if it's this winter weather or the fact that i go out every night that makes me so tired. are you feeling like that too? i am finding it very hard to kick myself out of bed in the morning, but once i am up, i am ok. it's just those few seconds when my alarm beckons that i am ferociously exhausted.   anyhoo, i stopped by   product shop nyc 's first  dead hookers social reading club  last night, and it was a really great lineup. i was there to see dan kennedy, who i think is one talented, funny mofo. he was funnier last time i saw him read, but not less talented. before him, there was a newbie reader named randy stulberg, who i found out is a friend of scott. she wasn't bad for her first reading, but stumbled here and there. she definitely has the potential to grow as she becomes more confident. i wanted to stay to hear marc spitz and jonathan ames, but had to head over to some other commitments...  then jenna and i jettisoned over to mercury lounge to see    aeon spoke  , a band i think is from california, play. they were very atmospheric and moody, but i felt that they were a little too spiritual or over-the-top emotional -- if that makes any sense. however, the crowd there loved it. jasper will be sad he missed their very pretty girl bassist! be on the lookout, jasp. the band was like radiohead but with more whispery vocals.  later i finally met alexander (not andrew) laurence. he was really nice and knows a lot about music so it was fun to go back and forth with him for a little bit. he was heading over to tonic, and i was hungry so we parted ways. chatted a little with yannick and bill jr at sin-e. i actually missed talking to them. they're such nice peeps! afterwards, i walked jenna to sidewalk cafe where she was going to see ian thomas. i headed for home and ran into daniel from    circle and square   (i run into him everywhere!). we talked for a bit, and he told me C&S would be performing at the knitting factory soon. later closer to my subway i ran into steven mertens, who had been on tour with adam green. he was leaving agan to tour with another band that i can't remember the name of... (a.m. something?). anyhoo, it's good to see all my peeps so busy and making music and touring and being so happy!