          detroit rock city  went to detroit unexpectedly last week for work, but i was siked to go and check out detroit rock city. i had never been before, and i found it kind of dirty, but dirty isn’t necessarily bad. unfortunately, i don’t think i got the proper tour of the city, and as a result, my impression of the area lacked. i was staying at a hotel in downtown detroit, where there were hardly any restaurants, though we eventually found a german biergarten that had decent burgers.   i was helping with a sold-out (free) showcase sponsored by ascap and heineken  at detroit’s independent rock venue, the magic stick, featuring some of detroit’s up-and-coming bands: the detroit cobras, the paybacks, the detroit city council (members of the dirtbombs), and even the odd.    the detroit cobras  had a singer who had a stevie nicks vibe going on from her streams of long hair to her throaty voice. the band could do down and dirty rock ‘n roll to soulful gospel.  the paybacks  had a singer with andy warhol hair and a massively wild personality to go along with it. the crowd ate her up. her band was quite good drawing from all-over-the-place 70s stoner rock ‘n roll, but i didn’t really dig the singer’s voice (though it wasn’t bad, just not my thang). i kept thinking that if the paybacks’ band teamed up with the singer of the detroit cobras, they would be amazing. something to think about.    the detroit city council  had a total bluesy, motown feel to their music – something you’d expect from a band composed of members of the dirtbombs. one of the guys in the band (can’t remember his name) was responsible for founding kid rock and eminem. the lead singer had this chubby bono thing going on, and he kept shuffling around the stage like james brown. quite entertaining.  even the odd  were a harder band with screaming vocals and more deafening music. again, not really my thing, but they weren’t terrible. while this was going on in the main part of the magic stick, there was hardcore slam dancing going on downstairs!   the band room was gross with lude graffiti all over the walls. it stank of vomit and cigarettes. but there was a stellastarr* sticker in the midst of all the ugliness. how funny! at one point, i was in the room, and it was full of groupies. i was rolling up one of the banners, and one of the groupies threw her beer bottle across the room at me. it shattered against the wall (damn the free heinekens!), and i didn't react at all. i just finished rolling up my banner and left. the room was silent. i think they were amazed that i didn't react at all. c'mon, kiddie, flying beer bottles don't faze us new york rockers. plus, i don't have to sleep with a band to be their friend! haha!   the magic stick , i think, is like the mercury lounge or bowery ballroom of detroit. the space fits about 800 people, and has pool tables, bowling lanes, food and video games to occupy you in case you don’t like the music on stage. the night before our showcase the rapture played. i looked on the schedule and in the near future the shins and james chance will be passing through…  overall, i think that detroit really wasn’t my scene, though i adore  pas/cal  who are from detroit. tried to get in touch with caz while i was in town but wasn’t able to reach him. it’s not meant to be! maybe next time i’ll get a proper tour of detroit through the eyes of pas/cal. is it hipper than i think it is?