          will fill in the blanks soon    ok so the other night i went to the vector holiday party at joe's pub with daniel -- he plays drums in   circle and square  and also works for   inland empire . i met him way back when i booked his band and the boggs for those "on the moon" shows. anywho, we walk into joe's pub and lo and behold there are waiters walking around with trays of alcohol. it's the kind of party where you don't even have to ask for alcohol. it's right in front of you! so as soon as we walk in, i grab a glass of red wine. 10 minutes later, i see a guy walking past me with a tray of tequila shots. i grabbed one. then 10 minutes later, he came by again, and yes, i grabbed another one. by this time i was really trashed. damien rice, who is on vector records, was supposed to perform at the party. daniel and i only caught one song -- but i heard the rest of the night was simply amazing... will have to check out damien rice again.   so daniel says he has an extra spot on the guest list for the rapture show that night because someone canceled at the last minute. on our way to bowery, we ran into a guy who was dressed up as tony clifton -- the alter ego of andy kaufman. daniel started calling his name, and so i joined in. we didn't expect the guy to actually come over, but he did. i took the photo above to capture the moment. as we continued on to bowery, i was worried that i wouldn't get into the rapture show. but as it turned out, we didn't even have to check at the list because we were waved in. how awesome is that? i wasn't planning on attending this series of nights at the bowery ballroom, but i was intoxicated and it was free, so why not? we arrive, and i see miss melody nelson et al faithfully in the front, as we (we also met up with another c&s dude, ed) made our way to the middle. the rest of the night was kind of a blur of dancing bodies, but i remember being amazed that the rapture had improved so much since i had seen them at irving plaza. wowzers.    damien rice, with yes, the worst sweater in the world, performing earnestly at joe's pub. whatever, i still love his music, despite the fact that he obviously needs a stylist.    some other night, i also caught   the winter pageant , who actually impressed me with their great live show. i was only there for three songs, but i distinctly remember loving, "daggers and nails," a song that i was disappointed to find was NOT on the CD i have. record this ditty and send it to me, mike! the band filled the small luna lounge space, and people were totally into it.       i also met up with bsiii for the second time in my life at a bar/lounge called happy ending. it was so weird because i felt like i was at some kind of underground fashion show and there was a runway of some sorts with the strip of space between the band and the booths. very fashionably conscious people were strutting down that strip, workin' it harder than missy elliott. bsiii had described cousin to me as "steely dan meets radiohead." this was not aan accurate description. they were like some kind of neo jazz ensemble -- i didn't get the whole radiohead reference, but i suppose it was because the singer's voice was kind of high like thom yorke's. i can't remember at the moment, but the band had kind of wack, pseudo-funny song titles... though i could totally picture myself listening to that music on a quiet wednesday night of sorts...