          braving the cold    lately i've been in complete hibernation mood. i've been totally repulsed by this biting cold weather, and have retreated to the warmth of my apartment and lots of carnivale and da ali g show on HBO on Demand. the key word is "comfort." but every once in a while, i can be compelled to leave the comfort of my home and venture out... like when bishop allen play a show.   yes, i went to see    bishop allen   tonight at sin-e. this was the first time i saw them without bonnie, their former bassist. they put C.O. on bass duty now and have no keyboardist and no main female singer. if you are adept at the keyboard and have a sweet voice, please email them and try out for the band! they write catchy pop/rock/alt-country tunes that charm my socks off. it sounds like they are still trying to figure out how to transition with the absence of bonnie, but the essence of the band is still intact in both the new and old songs. i am still giddy as a school girl when i hear them play "quarter to three." i really liked the new song that they started to play but never finished, "remember monday."    side note: yannick got a cute new hair cut!    starfoods, oh how i love thee    afterwards, rachel and i headed over to    starfoods   -- just like old times! starfoods has the best comfort food in this city. there is no doubt about that. and they have the most handsome, nicest staff i've ever met. the owner, byron, greeted us with hugs and then he brought us champagne with casis on the house! i was so excited. i love me some bubbly, but this drink is beyond DIVINE. it's my new official new fave, and i may be wandering back to starfoods every weekend just to have one. byron, you got me hooked!!! then while the cars were blasting from the speakers, i had a fabulous grilled cheese with tomato soup that left my tongue craving for more and more. i was so stuffed though because i also gobbled down the star-shaped buttermilk biscuits that were freshly baked warm from the oven. then byron and our delightful waiter adrian surprised us again with free dessert. i was completely in shock. could my tastebuds handle more goodness? they brought us an ice cream sundae with caramel and chocolate syrup AND a banana pudding with vanilla wafers and whipped cream. it was fucking decadent as hell. i felt like i had won the comfort food lottery. thanks starfoods! and thanks for playing the new rapture album! if you haven't been to this place yet, you must go and check it out. it is the best cure for the winter blues.  OH AND HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY,   MIKE D !! YOU LEGAL BASTARD.