          wowee zowee!    thanks to everyone who came out last to the mercury lounge to see    dirty on purpose  . the turn out was overwhelming! i saw many familiar faces and  tons  of new faces! the band was on first, and had the biggest crowd -- their performance was simply illuminating (not that i'm biased or anything...) but my high spirits were confirmed by several people who came up to me afterwards. it's so nice when you get immediate feedback like that. it's too bad the band didn't get to play "mind blindness," one their new ones that just consumes you, but their performance exploded into wild gusto when they ended with crowd favorite, "monument." i couldn't stay still. i was dancing and just drowning in the intense musical finale.  i love dop, not only for their good music, but they're just awesome people. they're good natured and appreciate everything that comes their way. they love their fans. they love their peeps. they love music. it makes all of the work i do for them extremely rewarding. it sounds a little sappy, but that's the truth, ruth. hanging with them at practice and recording and just hanging out is time i never feel i've wasted because i get so much back. a special thanks to dop!  also another thing i'd like to announce: DoP's first EP is officially sold out at   truthflies.com ! thanks to all who purchased a copy. i think truthflies.com will be taking pre-orders of DoP's second CD at some point. we'll let you know when it all goes down. i also did get ed from truthflies to come to the show (granted it was after the band went on) to sell me a walkmen  bows and arrows  cd. word! you know i'll be buying a bunch of copies of that on the official release date to give to my peeps.    anyhoo, while we were hanging around the mercury lounge's downstairs band room, a small, smoky space covered with graffiti and band stickers, we got to know the guys from    swell  . they were ultra nice, and we were all siked to see them on the lineup. their music had a wonderful groove to it that was more laid-back than dop's set. it was music that just made you say, "yeah this shit is coool." extra "o" intended. i really liked them and look forward to seeing them again soon! they have an upcoming show with the wrens at sarah lawrence, so if you missed them this time, you can check them out again soon!    i was seeing    the blondes, inc.    last night for the second time. what's immediately striking about this band is their look. they had really cool lighting that came up from the stage floor. they were going to put up their signature black-and-white polka-dotted curtain, but at some point decided against it. i think this was a good move. instead of the audience focusing on their stage set up, they were focusing more on the music. the result is rewarding because i completely disagreed with the village voice review that the blondes don't play good music. their music is a throwback to the old school. and i saw many girls swaying their hips like they were at a rolling stones concert or something.  tonight i'm going to see    the go station  , a band i've been hearing many good things about. they're playing tiswas with    aerial love feed  . i've never seen them live before, but you should come check them out with me...