          +1 +1 +1 +1  the launch of jonny kaps' new company,   +1 Management and PR  last night at don hill's was crazy packed. it was difficult to maneuver through the crowd that was shuffling about with their discounted vodka drinks. i walked into the venue as  inouk  was on stage. i liked what little i heard as i headed back to the coat room, an arduous task that took longer than it should have. i'd have to see them again to really formulate a solid opinion.  my spirits were high , and i couldn't help but break into lots of smiles. later  ambulance ltd  took the stage and impressed me. they've gotten a lot better since i last saw them -- and as you know they also have a new keyboard player. there were definitely parts of songs i liked better recorded than live, but they were tight overall. marcus' voice was also stronger.   on tv screens in the bar,  stellastarr*  videos were playing on a loop as if to foreshadow to their "surprise" performance. they took the stage, looking exactly how i remembered them the last time i saw them. they started out with "in the walls" -- those opening guitar parts are always so engaging and ominous of a spectacular performance. i'm not sure what it was, but i think they sounded better at don hill's than in any other venue i've seen them in (funny, because don hill's is the first venue i saw them in). it was like they had come full circle in my eyes. the crowd exploded when they began to play the anthemic single, "my coco." it was good to see that people that weren't that impressed with their recorded stuff, were impressed with their live performance. i always think of stellastarr* as a band that is fun to watch live because guitarist michael jurin will undoubtedly be writhing on the floor in dramatic flails as will lead singer shawn christensen. the drummer arthur kremer also broke out into his trademark barechests, with his trademark asterick nipple. he's probably the most entertaining performer to watch on stage because his personality is so pronounced. bassist amanda tannen also seems like her stage presence has improved, her stance on stage seems to have more hamony with the other members than it had in the past.