          boys, inform me     photo: rachel lovinger   i had this incredible post about  the shins  show at the mercury lounge and blogger ate it up. argh! here's the short version:   starfoods , nila wafer banana pudding, mac and cheese, bourbon and chocolate pecan pie, i heart byron who is a total sweetheart every time!   todd barry  +  the shins  is funnier than  david cross  +  the strokes . i was skeptical about the whole comedy before rock thing, but todd barry pulled it off.    tigers and monkeys  had jeff from  sea ray  in it. incredible female singer. surprisingly gutsy... we'll have to see how they develop. jeff plays the drums standing up!  roland, ok = awesome the shins = awesome  the last time i saw the shins was at siren fest a couple years ago. they were just OK back then. so i had medium expectations this year... jeez, was i blown away. their performance at the mercury lounge was dynamic... almost explosive at times. the guitars and keyboards were jacked up and LOUD. it was nice to see the keyboards showcased a little more. they are kind of buried in the recording, and that marty kind of goes wild on stage. NICE showmanship! james mercer was kind of the logical foil to his wild antics. his voice was so much better this time, really crisp and that sweet ring of his vocals was heightened and really made the songs pop. they sang all the usual suspects from the old and new album -- no  flake  songs, much to rachel's dismay. rachel can tell you why they are reluctant to play flake songs.   what is roland, ok?  the city and state where the shins got arrested for pot and drug paraphanelia. marty seems very bitter about this and kept making mary jane jokes throughout the set. he was a hoot to watch...  people i saw and talked to: jeff from sea ray, eric from  say hi to your mom , dawn, noah from  sam champion , daniel from  circle and square  -- he pinched my cheek (the one on my face) like i was an infant, todd barry, rachel, justin and c.o. from  bishop allen , jo divestar who told me the latest shins video had penguins in it!!  people i wished i talked to: david cross (i hope he smokes everyone in celebrity poker showdown!) watch it tuesday on bravo. james mercer and marty... all i would have been able to say woulda been something dorky like, "uh i really thought you guys were great."