          many good things to come    woo boy, i've been swamped at work and wasn't able to update at all for the past couple days. day-am! after whooping some ass in an intense game of scrabble, i headed over to sin-e with jenna to see    au revoir simone   for the second time in 7 days. let me tell you, i really love the concept of this band. to create a band that revolves around keyboards is simply awesome. and three keyboards, no less! i can tell erika, annie, sung bin and heather are heading in the right direction. their songs are pretty and hip. i really enjoyed the instrumentals (just like   jenna  did), and there were a couple songs with super-soft, melodic harmonies -- pretty heavenly, you might say. i also loved their covers of heavy d & the boyz' "now that we've found love" and liz phair's "girls, girls, girls." there will be many good things to come for this band down the road if they keep at it. their next show is in the old office at the knitting factory on jan. 21 with  coup fourre . okay, that is a mighty strange combination of bands, but the show is free, so go check it out!  so what's coming up? i'm sure you already knew, but, well  the shins  are playing under the moniker "roland, OK" at the mercury lounge with comedian  todd barry  on sunday. my friend rachel talked to todd barry about it, and he said something like, "i hope it's not a blood bath" in that wry tone that pervades his stand-up. dude is funny, so i'm looking forward to this show very much. it sold out at some point this week so i hope you have already bought your tickets. apparently, the show is a warm-up for the shins' before they appear on letterman or one of those other talk shows.  on tuesday, jan. 13,  the fever  and  the unicorns  are playing a FREE show at pianos. word is that the show is going to be insanely packed so get there early, kiddies. you know how frickin' small pianos is.   bishop allen  is playing the mercury lounge on wednesday, jan. 14.   on jan. 15, there is one juicy show going on:  prosaics ,  mahogany  and  the winter pageant  at sin-e.   on jan. 16, another juicy fruit:  asobi seksu  and  moonraker  at mercury lounge.  i promised annabiotica i wouldn't post this on my blog, so i'll be vague. one of my favorite brooklyn bands might be breaking up because their drummer is moving outta town!!! i am heartbroken. argh!!   nyc bars closing at 1 am!   jo divestar  forwarded this message: Apparently City Hall and the Department of Consumer Affairs have been getting complaints about noise late at night from neighborhood activists and other lame ass people like them, so much like the smoking ban, New York City is about to be ruined once more.  Only this is much worse.  They are planning an initiative to force all bars to obtain a license to stay open past 1am.  It's somehow tied into the repealing of the cabaret laws, but apparently it's a big joke because they can revoke the license at any time based upon the dumbest criteria and without due process.  If you care at all about keeping NYC...well, NYC and keeping bars and clubs open past 1am, then I suggest you go to these links and write to your state congressman and Mayor Bloomberg himself.  Tell them what bullshit this is, and that you're opposed to it.  For those of you who are musicians, this is a potential threat to your way of life. Congressman Joe Crowley:   write2joecrowley@mail.house.gov  Mayor Bloomberg:   http://nyc.gov/html/mail/html/mayor.html