          elephant woman    i adore the new    blonde redhead   song, "elephant woman." i was listening to it on repeat whlie walking around the city last night. the emotion in kazu's voice is startling. mind blowing. inviting you into the sadness. embracing and gentle and fragile... can't wait for the album to come out on march 9... the album is more produced and pops a lot more than their old stuff. i bought a ticket for each of their upcoming bowery concerts, and i just can't wait to lose myself in the dizzy spin cycle of their music.  while walking around, i started off feeling very cold, but after a while of just wandering around and seeing the night life, my body warmed up with a flood of memories. after almost 7 years of living here, i have so many memories... so many different aspects of my life lived here... and suddenly here i am today, a product of all those experiences. motherfucker, where did the time go?  sometimes i take for granted the fact that i live in new york, and what a fucking great city it is. how fortunate am i? i have always known that i would end up in new york, even before i knew what new york was like. and once i came here i never left. some people go home during their summers in college, i was emphatic on staying and working in the city. some people spend time with their family during vacations and breaks, i stayed in the city and lounged in the buzz of new york -- those experiences i wouldn't trade for anything else.   earlier in the night i was at pianos to see  the blue sparks  and meet up with jo jo. i have to say that i had had my doubts about  the blue sparks . i've seen them twice before and i didn't remember them at all. the only song i knew was from the truthflies compilation. so when i saw them at pianos that night, i didn't know what i was in for. it could be good. it could be really bad. but luckily, it was really good. they play their music fierce, sometimes even getting in fights with each other on stage. the tension was definitely thick. but those spats add fuel to the electricity in the air of their performance, and actually made them quite interesting to watch. plus the girl in the band has one of the biggest girl fro's i've seen in new york, minus macy gray. that's quite an accomplishment in my book.  then we headed over to see   jo jo  deejay at black and white. boy was that shit packed to the brim. i'm very claustrophobic so the place was really freaking me out. i had to go outside every 15 minutes or i would get very short of breath and annoyed at all the people brushing violently past me. i was determined to stick around though and see jo jo deejay. that was my entire goal for the night. she finally went on pretty late in the night... i think she started with  stellastarr*  "my coco" and then she played  the walkmen  "the rat". i was overjoyed, but probably the only one besides jocelyn who was rocking out to it. i'm the biggest dork when it comes to the walkmen. their fast stuff makes me want to dance and pop a vein in the process. can't wait to see them in april!