          this winter is killing me  you know it's cold when you have to prance around like an elf just to keep warm while you're standing outside of a building to smoke. or something. well, that's what i found myself doing all night. plus, the late night after late night gig was weakening my defenses. but i told mike from the winter pageant i would come see his band, and i was determined to keep my word. i mean it's a pretty exciting gig to be opening up for french kicks. i was only sad i had to leave to go review the fever/von bondies show at bowery... peeps, that is what happens when you make plans in advance. i am going to try to never do that again.  the night at mercury started off with a sweet trio from kentucky called  shopping . as a girl, i have to tell you that i like the name... but i can't explain why three guys named their band shopping. i didn't have time to talk and investigate further. i wanted to pinch their cheeks they were so cute! they definitely had the startime vibe exuding from their pores, especially one guy who was nerded out in glasses and a v-neck sweater. i had no idea kentucky could birth indie-ness as such. the other singer was a cute one as well, and boy could he sing charismatically. it wasn't so much that he had a beautiful voice or anything like that (the other guy had a prettier voice), but that he commanded a lot of attention when he sang and sang it with spastic energy. they started off strong and upbeat, and at many points reminded me of french kicks in fact. i really liked the song they dedicated to isaac, mostly because of they screamed this one line in the middle of the song in unison and it sounded awesome -- it totally brought a smile to my face.   after shopping i ran into jerry from  knife skills  and  turing machine . he's the coolest dude ever. always has something cool and interesting to say. a very engaging person, not to mention an excellent drummer who seems to make other drummers scream like girls. ;-)  he and i both were there to see  the winter pageant . he's friends with paul the bass player. you might have heard me mention this band before on this blog/site/thang. they were and are still auditioning for drummers. but i saw them a long time ago at luna lounge, and was pretty amazed by the pretty sleepers they were offering up. the lead singer's voice is almost like an instrument itself -- gliding along the top of the music like a cool current of coos. they're the kind of band you want to lie down on a carpeted floor, close your eyes and listen to. plus they have some kind of xylophone instrument that makes their songs ring like icicles dripping and freezing on the ground. excuse me if that doesn't make any sense. it's quite early in the morning for me.   then i headed over to the bowery to see  the fever  and  the von bondies . said hi to rachel as she headed into the merc for the kicks. ran into jo jo also, and we and her friend headed over together to bowery. i ran into matthew at the bowery, who is a total sweetheart. found out a little more about the band he is starting. i have to say, i am dying to hear him sing. you can read my review of the rest of the show on popmatters in the somewhat near future. if i don't die of pneumonia before then.  and no i wasn't at the after party at starfoods. before that point i texted jo jo and said, "i'm dying here." that's when i know i gotta go to sleep or else i'm gonna pay sorely.