          colorful evening, sleepy days      joe and george  and i went to see    the color bars   last night at sin-e. i was listening to their cd earlier in the day, and wasn't sure i was into the pop-alt-country-funny songs. but what was particularly delightful about the color bars in their live performance is their beautiful three-person harmonies. it's pretty amazing that three people can sing so in synch. it was like watching an alt-country version of hanson!! while their lyrics were kind of silly (intentionally, i'm sure, but still not too impressive or enticing), some of their songs were really well-assembled rock songs with beautifully swaying guitar lines. it was weird because the band would go from plain goofy to really intricate, sweet music. it was also the kind of band that switched instruments a lot, which was cool and brought in different dynamics to their performance. i also loved it when they gave away valentine's day cookies that one of the guy's girlfriend had made. sweet.      originally we were at the show to meet up with some peeps for band business shite, but couldn't find them in the crowd. i was kind of annoyed because i missed seeing    sam champion   at luna lounge -- sorry about that noah and jay. i didn't miss you guys on purpose!! and i promise i will catch you next time. sorry sorry sorry.     anyhoo while i was there at sin-e, i talked with bill britelle of  the blondes inc  for a little bit. and he introduced me to this guy who's an artist -- a pretty amazing artist, in fact -- very basquiat. i think his artist moniker was fa-q -- pronounced like "fuck you." i saw his portfolio of work, and was instantly taken in by the complex emotions and raw display of pain and anger in his work. this guy should not be working at sin-e. he should keep on with his art and have shows again in new york city.       it was kind of a late night, and j&g and i headed over to my place. i had like almost an entire pizza in my fridge from the night before that i needed to get rid of, so i heated it up in the oven, and we all had a late night munch. it felt like i was in college or something. we ended up watching elimidate -- a show i've never seen before, and soon found it was kind of fucked up!! all the girls on the show kept bitching at each other and the jockish guy was totally grossing me out. "i wanted to squeeze her butt like they were georgia peaches." YUCK-O.  after j&g left, i had about an hour to pack and clean up the house. i didn't have any time to sleep. before i knew it i was heading to laguardia. i thought i was gonna pass out!! but the music list on my ipod helped me get through my 8 hour plane ordeal to vegas. here's what i was listening to: "mind blindness" - dirty on purpose "monument" - dirty on purpose "latitudes" - pela "all in time" - pela "what" - brendan benson "quarter to three" - bishop allen "don't hold your breath" - calla "mother sky" - calla "lovefool" - cardigans "delicate" - damien rice "love is only a feeling" - the darkness "here i dreamt i was an architect" - the decemberists "coin-operated boy"- the dresden dolls "in this city" - enon "crying just for show" - french kicks "close to modern" - french kicks "1985" - french kicks "trying whining" - french kicks "the devil wears earplugs" - the joggers "mr brightside" - the killers "rocknroll" - lovedrug "down toward the healing" - lovedrug "to hell with good intentions" - mclusky "tomorrow" - morrissey "happy kid" - nada surf "inside of love" nada surf "big brat" - phantom planet "1st things 1st" - phantom planet "nothing better" - postal service "lipgloss" - pulp "common people" - pulp "disco 2000" - pulp "collide" - rachael yamagata "house of jealous lovers" - rapture "samson" - regina spektor "waiting" - the rentals "wonderwall" - ryan adams "gone for good" - the shins "the end has no end" - the strokes "inoculate the innocuous" - the unicorns "the rat" - the walkmen "my old man" - the walkmen "little house of savages" - the walkmen "138th street" - the walkmen "maps" - yeah yeah yeahs "y control" - yeah yeah yeahs  the hotel room is nice. but i totally crashed and slept all day. i got to vegas around 10 a.m. (vegas time). so crazy. completely exhausted. i ordered room service, ate heartily and then went to sweet sleep. keith had his laptop all set up with internet connection for me (he knows me so well -- i'm completely addicted to the internet and would go crazy if i didn't have a computer on this short trip). tonight we're supposed to go to some party that his company and ibm are having. then we have the rest of the night to do whatever we want. originally he had told me that friday night would be stripper night... i dunno if i'm totally down with that, but i guess we'll see what the night will bring!