         aeri (grosse contemp) has   an amazingly beautiful write up  of the walkmen/french kicks show in dc at the black cat (the day after the hudson river rocks show). it almost made me weep. she also has posted a   slideshow of photos  from the show.   vanessa (vive/le/roi) has also posted her   detailed write up  of the walkmen/unicorns show in montreal. she also has wonderful photo galleries on the   walkmen ,   tangiers , and   the unicorns .  oddly enough, both aeri and vanessa report poor sound problems at the walkmen shows... am i crazy when i say i want to see this band again? aeri also says hugh was mia at the french kicks performance. i wonder what is going on with that. i am intensely curious. anyone got details they can share with me? i'll keep it, like, secret.  divestar also has a   small photo gallery  from the walkmen/adam green pier show. bidi has posted her   review  of the pier show.     !!! work on dirtier album ...whatever that means. dirt dirt dirt? mud mud mud? mold mold mold? expect the dirrty album in early 2004, touch and go. and here's a piece of good news for soviet panda --  !!! will appear Sept. 26 at the Wire/Adventures in Modern Music festival at Chicago's Empty Bottle. A host of other forward-looking acts will also be on hand, including Black Dice, Adult., Lightning Bolt and Michael Gira. [billboard]     gregory hines. r.i.p.  he was only 57!!    l.a. tomorrows parties finally rescheduled.  now you can purchase your plane tickets! the event will take place nov. 8 - 9 on long beach. expect cat power, built to spill, spoon, modest mouse, magic band, mission of burma and the boredoms, and more! it's all ages and bands will perform at two venues on docked cruise liner the Queen Mary, now a luxury hotel and convention center.An East Coast edition of ATP, to be curated by Stephen Malkmus & the Jicks, was originally slated to take place this fall in New Jersey, but has been indefinitely postponed. bummer. [billboard]    the angelika film theater gets dissed  for poor sound quality, thin theaters, and unreliable a/c. the best part of the article? they quoted mike albo!!! jco will appreciate that. remember the good ol' days when we used to intern at   the moth  and knew people like mike albo, jonathan ames, george dawes green, hazelle goodman, sheila ratner? crazy!! feels like DECADES ago. remember the last time we went to the moth to see gideon yago and kimya dawson (moldy peaches) tell   rock and roll stories ? that was pretty nifty. [ny times]    the kills get a 7.8 from pitchfork.    startime darlings the joggers get an 8.0.  boo ya!  dennis realistic sings an acoustic version of   "why didn't you stay?" . classic. makes me weepy.  eben has graciously put me on his guest list for the   tv on the radio  show tonight at luxx... free shows are good so i'll have to pass up the grandaddy warsaw show in favor of rockin' goodness and perhaps a free drink or two at luxx. meow.