          no week for the weak  what a crazy week it's been! i started off friday morning at work, and there was an explosion in my building. the entire place was evacuated and eventually people were sent home. this was fine with me because i had a lot to do to prepare for the dop show at the knitting factory... but it was kinda scary seeing thick black smoke coming out of the side of my buliding. i think the first thing people thought it was was a terrorist attack. all they smelled was smoke and then when they looked out the window, they just saw black smoke. scary eh? people were running out of the building before anyone even announced an evacuation.  anyhoo, the  dop  show with  suicide girls  was great. the place was packed, and our fears that they'd get boo'ed off stage in favor of naked girls was forgotten once the band started playing. there were a lot of new faces in the crowd and people were into it. their set was 25 minutes long -- short and sweet. it was cool because after their set, people in the crowd asked for more. and they finally got to premiere their hot new song, "mindblindness." that song just drowns in emotion and builds up to an epic finish. sigh.  i really liked the people who worked at knitting factory. thank you especially to johnny the night manager. you are a total sweetheart!!! mwah!  so good to see bsiii in the house. i was happy that he was really into dop -- i had given him their cd at the last  cousin  show i went to at happy ending, and he came out to support. talked with him for a little bit but then lost in him the crowd later on. he's going to have a birthday party coming up at sin-e this month on feb. 22. cousin will play. it will be rad. come out and celebrate!  arthur from  stellastarr*  also came out to check out the show. one of my friends told me she didn't recognize him with his shirt on! it's ok though because he looked just as cute with clothes on. ironically, later in the burlesque part of the night, there were many topless girls with tape on their nipples. that's such a stellastarr* rip off! haha. saw daniel from  circle and square  at the show, and i was very delighted to hear that he liked the show. ed from circle and square was also in the house representing. we also ran into doug from  the go station , jeremy from  autodrone , heather from  au revoir simone , and many more that i can't seem to think of at the moment. forgive me, it's been quite a week.  on a side note, lately the band has been calling me "pickles" despite the fact that i keep telling them i'd rather be called "penguin." i think i'm going to have to just accept this new moniker. but i thought another nickname for me uttered later that night was even funnier: "america's sweetheart". just as long as no one calls me "all-american girl" i think we're a-ok.   the band's show with pela last night at b61 in carroll gardens was super fun. it was so comfortable and free with lots of warmth. the bad part was that i got more than tipsy, dropped and broke my camera. while that's getting fixed, i will be using my bf's little digi-cam. cute and just as effective. pela was really amazing. it's been so long since they've played a show so we were excited they asked dop to play with them and even happier to see them play. i think the last time they played was october! they played my old favorite: "latitudes" and my new favorite "all in time." there were some technical difficulties -- the band played so hard that they blew out the power! but that's awesome in my book. the more passionate, the better.  dop also played a fun set that included one of my faves that still hasn't been recorded yet: "air show disaster". it's this huge instrumental that always makes me want to cry. it sounds cheesy, but when i listen to it, it affects me so deeply i want to weep or something. what can i say? i'm a sensitive sucker. george broke a string and the band, like pros, went into an impromptu performance of erika's new keyboard song. it's a very low-key song with a beautiful flow. hopefully they'll play it at another show soon...  here are some new photo galleries: *   french kicks @ mercury lounge  *   dirty on purpose with pela @ b61  *   dirty on purpose @ mercury lounge  *   dirty on purpose with suicide girls @ knitting factory  *   knife skills @ north six    and some cool upcoming shows this week:  feb. 10:  pela  @ mercury lounge feb. 10:  steven mertens - solo!  @ cinema classics feb. 10:  dresden dolls  @ joe's pub feb. 11:  french kicks ,  peelander z  @ merc lounge feb. 12:  sam champion  @ luna lounge feb. 12:  ambulance ltd  @ pianos feb. 13:  ex models ,  roger sisters  @ merc lounge feb. 13:  asobi seksu  @ sin-e feb. 14:  regina spektor  @ tonic feb. 14:  my favorite  @ the hook feb. 14:  the wau wau sisters  @ bowery ballroom  check my   nyc shows calendar  for more!  buy  the recoys  cd at   realisticrecords.net !  see the amazingly cute stills   aeri  took from her video footage at the triple walkmen knitting factory shows!  omigosh, i almost forgot to mention that i saw  the lilys  downstairs at the knitting factory the same night of the dop show. they were amazing and surreal and beautiful. i was captivated with their low key set. i want to see them again soon!