          french kicks!!!       the fucking french kicks   made a triumphant return to new york city with the first installment of their residency at the mercury lounge. fucking hawt, people. FUCKING HAWT! i was amazed when they took the stage and wowed me with wondrous, melodic, pure-joy-filled new songs. my hips were swinging and my head was bobbin' with jaunty jubilee... whee!  i know i sound silly but who the hell cares? drummer #2, the post-hugh drummer, quit the band so they temporarily used jake from the joggers, who apparently only practiced with them twice before the show. i was quite impressed. he hit those beat, and he hit them with sassssss! flirting with the crowd! the keyboard and guitar parts were as catchy as ever and josh's voice was featured on one new song. some good quality shit here, peeps! they sounded waaaaay better than they did at irving way back in the day. that venue just plain sucks. mercury is the bomb! no doubt! the whole time i felt like i was a little too close to nick's crotch. but at a french kicks show, i guess that's not a big surprise. that mofo is one tall drink of water. a special thanks to   isaac . isaac, you are the man. awesome possum and whatnot. matt! lawrence! nick! josh! jake! love love.  met jay from flavorpill, and had a blast! we talked about all sorts of music and had great conversation. he introduced me to the man of the night -- johnny beach who books mercury. johnny was the nicest guy ever. i had so much fun jabbering away, i had to apologize for talking so much. sometimes i get in these weird moods where i have insane motor mouth. it just won't stop! but i promised we would go out drinking and have lots of fun after he returns to the city. wonderful totally cool guy. love love!  anyhoo, also chatted with peter bauer about all things  walkmen ! i had heard from a friend that the "listen to this" supplement in entertainment weekly this week was going to have a walkmen drinking special in it... so i asked pete about it and he said that the writer just drank with them and asked them what they drink. pretty lame stuff apparently... we'll see how it turns out. he said  weird war  may or may not join them when the band attacks irving plaza. i wish i had gotten a chance to say hello to hamilton. i never know if people connect jinners to jin, you know? but apparently hamilton does. i told pete i interviewed hamilton recently, and he told me that he knew because hamilton had told him. the whole time i thought i was interviewing all incognito and shit! no more, jinners, no more. mental note: come up with new incognito shit.  earlier in the night, stewart lupton's band,  the child ballads , were actually quite impressive. stewart has the kind of voice that makes you think of crazy legends like tom waits or bob dylan. i liked the folkish feel of his band. it was weird because i was expecting jonathan fire*eater redux! but got some quality rock music. straight from d.c.! it's kind of a shame because i think a lot of people didn't give it a chance. there were some lulls, but for the most part, quite dramatic.  i still don't know what i think about  the shout out louds ... my initial reaction was a non-reaction. but i think i was so distracted i couldn't form an honest opinion. will have to see them another time. i know jo divestar loves them so they must have some merit!  at the end of the night a bunch of us went to starfoods! of course. i had my standard makers and ginger. i chatted up a storm with new friend jess. shared a cab with new friend justine, who i found out lives a couple blocks from me. it was good to see jco and rachel back in action. i had so much fun! i might end up going all four nights at the merc! crazy? could it border on walkmen love? we'll see...    before all of the musical chaos i went to see adrian tomine at the housing works cafe. great place to hang out, i realized. i briefly saw jason from   product shop nyc , but i don't think he saw me waving to him. i got adrian to sign my book and i was a stupid flustered nincompoop. damn!!