          love and lost  ok, so... flavorpill fixed the fact that dirty on purpose wasn't mentioned online. whatever. i still think they're journalistic dunces. not in a harsh way. just from one journalist to another. now i know i can't exactly trust their reviews. moving on...  anyways, back on to the music i've been listening to. on saturday night    the gostation   played tiswas. the crowd was full and lively. it was weird how i was there to see and support singer doug levy, a recent acquaintance. then i realized i knew another member of the gostation, their guitarist, from college. small small world! the gostation is brit pop gone rock'n'roll on u.s. soil. relatively new to the scene, i was digging their oasis ways... it was weird to hear them also cover an oasis song, but doug had the lead singer moves all down pat. watch out, liam! their set was energized and emphatic. looking forward to seeing them again soon...     aerial love feed   headlined the night. i had seen them once before at vicious. the first time i wasn't really sure what i thought of them. they were loud. they were stylish. and they were strobin'! and geez were they strobin' again at tiswas. however, my opinion of them changed for the better. strange, eh? the only thing i didn't like was the fact that their set started to sound more and more like one big song. they had energy and the rock star poses (which are great, actually), but not enough differentiation between songs. and way too much strobe. please stop the strobe. it's great for finales, but not for a 35 minute set!  also, in case you were wondering, my interview with alex greenwald of    phantom planet   went well! he seemed a lot younger than i expected, but he was a talker and easy to chat with. i can see why the teeny boppers like him. while listening to the new phantom planet album, i felt like dancing. i think that's a good sign. who cares if their last album was a pop-tumor? though i did like that "turn shift repeat" song. anyways back to the fact that it makes me want to dance. dance!