          eternal sunshine of the spotless mind  Yesterday my new movie buddy mike and I went to see one of the most amazing films I've seen in a long time...  eternal sunshine for the spotless mind . We were both in the perfect mood to see this film. It was rather sad, but what a beautiful story, full of just the right amount of romanticism and whimsy balanced out with the gloomy, cynicism so many of us feel about love. I cried, and wiped my tears with a stupid movie theater napkin. I immediately wanted to see the film again! Hope it comes out on dvd soon so that I can watch it over and over! This could be my next  high fidelity  or  me without you . The movie caused mike to not finish his icee, which apparently is an event that has not occurred ever. So there u have it. Go out and see this movie because it is  that  fucking badass hot shit (not "nice").  I also convinced mike to "make party" with moi and meet tom at   the hook  in red hook. We hopped in a cab and made our way over to the club, which is pretty easy to get to with good directions. We didn't know what to expect when we got there but was instantly struck by how beautiful and elegant and cool the club looked. As mike would say, "it is the jam," or simply, "hot shit"! Ha, and he wonders why he gets carded for R rated movies!   Tom gave us the full tour of the place, which has this amazing downstairs "green room" and then a back outside area where I can already tell will be amazing to hang in during the summers with a juicy bbq set up. I was so excited when tom asked mike and I to deejay the club on may 7. So come see me and dj hot shit human-jukebox! I'll let you know deets as soon as I have 'em...  So we went to see the bands  the dears  and  sons & daughters . I had been hearing about the dears for quite some time now. In fact they were the band I got once on an indie rock band quiz. I had pretty high expectations -- looking forward to getting engulfed in a wall of what I call depressionistic music. And they were dark and depressing at times, but would also often times roll into a psychedelic haze of long, long jams...  The band I was really excited to see was sons & daughters. I have been curious about this band, the kind of band u hear about for a while and suddenly u see them and instantly think, Amazing! I believe they are from glasgow... With a guy and girl singing and harmonizing lyric lines that spoke of unrequited love and dreary states of mind: "you made the first move when I'm near you, don't walk away."  The guitar parts were folkloric with incredible, passionate strumming.... I thought for sure they would break a string or two. Some of the songs also swaggered with cool struts, moments that made me take notice of how tight this band's performance was. I think they play knitting factory soon, so go check 'em out if u can!