          a night of dirty furries  i've been moving into my new digs, located centrally in the wonderful east village. i am really excited about this change because i feel like the east village has been my hood for quite some time now, and now i'll be able to walk home from a rock show. save money on cab rides, yo!!  mike came over late afternoon with a bottle of wine, and his friend anna who i met at sxsw joined us. it was fun just sitting in the living room and having a glass of vino. then i was on my way to pianos for dop's soundcheck. everything was swell in the air. i was light on my feet, breathing in the city.      the rapture and the furries @ knitting factory  tom had invited me to a private party at the knitting factory for cartoon network. his gf lexi got the hook up, yo!  har mar superstar  and    the rapture   were playing. i missed har mar, but after all the sxsw drama with har mar, i wasn't too sad. i haven't written about it yet, but har mar beat up some guy who threw a big penis prop at his head. he got all huffy and refused to finish his set... after only performing three songs and stripping down only twice.   i got to the knitting factory right before the rapture went on stage. there were all of these people in animal and pirate costumes walking around. very bizarre. i thought maybe it was a cartoon network thing? but then i also heard that the rapture recently did a photo shoot with a bunch of people in animal costumes, so maybe it was a rapture thing. i dunno. either way it was lots of fun! the open bar was a complete open bar, meaning  you could order anything you wanted. so i went all out and ordered two grey goose and red bulls. i wanted to get some caffeine in me for the long night. i was totally double fisting it, and it was awesome. as i finished one drink, the rapture were stepping on stage.   i quickly ran to the front. the thing i love about seeing the rapture live is that i feel free to dance like a crazy person. there are few indie rock bands that i feel comfortable doing that with. but the rapture is one of them. something about that cowbell and luke's crazy robert-smith voice, it just makes my legs move and my feet jump. i was also really totaled. i started dancing with the polar bear. i was singing along! we were dancing for joy! they danced with furries. luke jumped into the crowd and danced. he jumped on amps and rocked. the cowbell/sax dude was going all dancey. everyone was dancing! it was crazy. at one point, luke sang to an owl bobblehead. it was really hilarious! man, the had to have been totaled to be so goofy. luke gave me a high five after their set ended. i was so happy!! i think all of our dancing really hyped up their performance.   and afterwards the polar bear came up and introduced himself to me, without the costume. apparently, he's in a band too -- his band rahim is playing   misshapes  on saturday at 10:30. i don't know what they sound like or what he plays in the band, but any guy who dances with me at a rapture concert in a polar bear suit is fucking ROCKIN' in my book. word! plus   dennis cahlo  (realistics) and audrey of   melodynelson.com  are also deejaying so there's three awesome reasons to go!  i think the pictures will tell you more than my words:   check out the rapture photo gallery   i ran into jason from    the boggs   at the show, and he told me his band was playing a show at tommy's tavern in greenpoint on saturday night with tall boys and the double. it's a todd p party, and the boggs are one of my favorite new york bands, so you should check 'em out!     dirty on purpose @ pianos  then our crew zoomed on over to pianos to see    dirty on purpose   play. shark sandwich had canceled last minute and a band called other passengers (formerly medicine hat) played. they were really good, and had a somewhat similar sound to dirty... the difference being the vocal arrangements and harmonies and basic quirky aspects of dirty like the guitar bow and the fact that dop also have four singers and five songwriters. dop really digged them, and was siked that they were added to the show.  when dirty took the stage i was really excited. they started off with "monument," which was a crazy, dynamic way to start the set. they always get really hyped up for that song. i was still high from seeing the rapture too so i kept jumping and bouncing around. it was pretty awesome. they also played some songs on the upcoming ep, which will be released april 22. we're all really siked about the way the CD is shaping up, and goldenrod has been mixing like crazy! thanks to everyone who came out to pianos last night. i had the best time!    check out the dirty on purpose photo gallery here.   i hung out with miss jo jo dancer afterwards, it was really chill at a bar where her friends were dj'ing. we were dancing to punk rock and pulp. how hawt is that? and we took silly photos like this one:    tonight i'm going to see   a place to bury strangers  at pianos. come and join me in a night of LOUD rock. this trio is rawkin' and i'm sure they're gonna blow up very soon. i saw them at sxsw, and was completely entranced. plus, they're very swell peeps too. and i'm all about supporting nice, talented musicians! and then over to black and white to see jo jo dancer deejay. i told her to save the walkmen's "the rat" for when i get there!!!