          SXSW: march 17, wednesday daytime  Don't have time for much of an update but here's kind of a general overview of what happened last night... Set up booth at trade show... Was in the elevator talking about going to see max from  natural history  play the fader/levis party... And one guy said, hey I know max! And the other guy in elevator said, I know him too! Apparently one of those guys was britt daniel of  spoon  (bidi, isn't that funny?) ran into isaac at the hotel.... He's staying with dawn.... Briefly saw  the walkmen  on the street but didn't have time to say hi! Had lunch with tom the booker at the hook (dirty on purpose is playing there on saturday with dennis cahlo and surefire -- go see them!) saw christi from sxsw who is apparently  rhett miller 's sister. She was supernice.... Went to soundcheck....    SXSW: march 17, wednesday night    sea ray  Saw  sea ray  who were phenomenal! they have improved a thousand times since the last time i saw them. with visuals going on in the background and a wash of sound flooding my ears, i found the experience quite overwhelming. the songs are so strong, and the atmospheric surges of music swirled around the air like the flutter of leaves on a windy, autumn new york day. i practically ran to the venue to see the band play sxsw. i hadn't seen them in ages, and was dying to see them, especially in texas! the place was packed.     cass mccombs @ la zona rosa  Saw  cass mccombs  who was wonderful, but not as dreamy live as on the album. I stilll swayed a lot. and i think i missed some of his set! but i bought a tee shirt to support, and still listen to "so damn pure" all the time on my ipod. what a great fucking song... Daniel got stuck in dallas so we couldn't hook up for his showcase. He got me into cass, who I want to see and sing along to all the time!    the go @ hard rock cafe  [the go write up coming soon]     the dresden dolls @ hard rock cafe  Tom and I ended up hanging all night. He was a good partner in rock. We tried to sneak over to  the von bondies  but the line was insane. We went back to the ascap showcase and saw  the go ,  the dresden dolls  (love love! Amanda is a total sweetie), and tim's band,  a place to bury strangers . justin, the drummer totally pulled an arthur stellastarr* by whipping off his shirt and sweating up a storm on the beats. the funny part? arthur was there. i turned to him and told him, and he laughed. so talked with arthur and michael from  stellastarr*  who showed up for aptbs, and lio of  kanine  for a little bit. aftewards, i was sooooo tired and headed back to the hotel. i had been wearing heels all night, and just couldn't walk anymore. i vowed never to wear heels to sxsw again. this girl has learned her lesson, peeps, so don't yell at me.     a place to bury strangers @ hard rock cafe  [aptbs write up coming soon]  I feel like I'm forgetting funny things like how tom and I ran into gaggles of birds who would swarm the tree tops and poo on the ground like some weird bird cult. Anyhoo I'm off to work the trade show and drink more. What a night!