          bands against bush  i went to see emma la reina and shellshocked at the bands against bush show at sin-e. it was quite fun. saw joel (sp?) from the blondes, inc. at the door, he's so sweet and nice and always has a smile.   met matt, the drummer from  emma la reina , a band whose former incarnation was called telenovella. they played with dirty on purpose at one of belvy's gotham parties at luxx last year. i thought that the band was overall good... but was unsure if it was really my kind of thing. i liked the music for the most part, but the songs weren't as strong vocally... but you know what? people were definitely into the music, cheering on the band, and that's a good sign for them... plus, matt seems like a really nice guy with a passion for drumming.  also saw anna's friend's band    shellshocked  . they were quite good. the lead singer is reminiscent of tim harrington's wild style, and i instantly fell in tune with him. he jumped on the bar. he jumped on the counter. he jumped on chairs. he jumped into the crowd. i was fully enthralled and entertained. i really liked the girl singer in the band too. watch out for this band! they really know how to get the party up in arms.  then anna and i jettisoned off to north six. like old-fashioned nerds, we chose the subway over cabbin' it. we arrived just as  cheeseburger  was going on stage. i had never seen them before, and just heard dj raving about them. i think they were good, but not exactly my steez. they were good at what they do though, rambling about the stage like drunken indie party boys who infuse a little bit of blues into their music. it was like being in detroit. said hi to christy (sp?) from the band, who was dancing like crazy during mommy and daddy's set. that was awesome, dude!  then of course we saw    mommy and daddy   perform spectacularly too (listening to their fantastic demo this morning!! good way to wake up.). i love watching them rawk together on stage. the interplay and sparks between them is dreamy and fun. every girl's fantastic voyage! vivian is a girl who's not afraid to just let loose and dance and sing her heart out. edmond, from the first time i saw him, has always been crazy scary behind the mic and then the sweetest being off stage. their energies mixed together is the perfect concoction for the punk dance music they produce -- and i don't even usually like that genre of music. viv and ed just know how to rock it the right way.  caught a little bit of  bad wizard  afterwards, but my knee is all fucked up and i was passing out on the bleachers of north six, so i grabbed my bag and made the long trek home. it had been a long night, and i still can't believe i made it through in one piece. i've been going out every night for the past two weeks, and now next week i'll be heading off to sxsw. life is so crazy, i feel like i'm dreaming. the bliss that surrounds me is tingling my nerves. in a good way.   