          questionaires  decided to go ahead and fill out jocelyn's questionaire...  Favorite band in New York City:  the walkmen, dirty on purpose  Top bands I'm excited about right now (in no particular order):  dirty on purpose, au revoir simone, knife skills, cass mccombs, damien rice, pas/cal, pela, dresden dolls, bishop allen, qatsi, the winter pageant     Rockstar crush:  matt from french kicks -- the cutest, nicest boy ever to grace this planet. always with a smile and a hug! also, slight crush on sweeney from trouble with sweeney... talked to him for a little bit at southpaw and was very taken with him onstage. he's like what jack white would be if jack white were a sexy, geeky indie rock boy   Rockstar whose head I would like to bash in with a brick:  i can get along with almost anyone. and i'm not that violent. but if you give me 'tude, i'll give it right back to ya.    Rockstar I wish I could be best friends with:  ed harcourt. i was once alone in a room with ed harcourt for an hour. we got along so wonderfully, just chatting away like best friends. when i went to see him later that night at fez, he was the sweetest to me... and then i never saw him again. so sad. i think we'd get along splendidly!!  Rockstar I am best friends with:  anna barie from   knife skills   Soon to be rockstar:  jinners and audrey and dennis in "excuse, moi!"  Band that all the hipsters love to love, but I think is actually total crap:  ha, wouldn't you like to know?! i don't like to diss bands because everyone has a right to their rockstar dreams in my book.  Band that I love to love, but all the hipsters think is actually total crap:  hmm tough one... most hipsters like what i listen to.   Band that I wish I could be in:  blonde redhead or enon  Band that I used to wish I could be in:  belle and sebastian -- don't you love "take me away from here i'm dying"?  Best band to photograph:  the walkmen -- hamilton is intense. INTENSE  Band I wish I could have seen back in the day:  the recoys  Band that I will be SAYING I saw back in the day:  dirty on purpose    Rockstar I want to be right now:  sweeney from trouble with sweeney