            liars   played a "secret" show at the knitting factory last night. i have been in liars withdrawal for quite a while now, so i was excited to see them play again. there was a pretty large gathering of people there for the show. asif saw me holding tickets to the show and he yelled at me. "bitch, i put you on the list, you're jackey's plus one!" uh, jackey didn't tell me! it was funny cuz he called her up right then and there and yelled at her. ha. then he bought me a drink. sweetheart. love love him! i told him i didn't mind buying tickets and supporting the bands. he called me a dying breed. then he introduced me to katie from  young people  who was knitting at the knitting factory. priceless!  i didn't see cameron or bidi around, but mike d tells me they were there. i did run into Say Hi To Your Mom. chatted with those boys for quite a while. it was nice to run into them again. i loved their set, and i thought that lead singer eric had such a cute stage presence. i love running into people at shows these days. i feel like going to shows is so much more of a community event now. a couple years ago for me, it was just going to a show and seeing a band. now it's like seeing many of my friends.    liars  played songs from their forthcoming album, which includes tracks that are more experimental. and angus gets on the guitar! i didn't get to snap any photos, but i did rock out. i have to say though that the crowd was pretty lame. it's probably the tamest crowd that liars have ever played for. why don't you dance, people! start a little ruckus. by the time i got into the front and center area, the boys had just finished their final song. that was the shortest set ever!  naf gave me a bootleg of  dirty on purpose  and  on!air!library!  at the sin-e show. i think i might post a couple of the tracks online here for a limited amount of time -- maybe when i have the photo galleries up. for the rest of the night i lost track of the friends i came with (they ended up in chinatown) and so i hung out with mike d and kevin. alcohol was just not agreeing with me that night.   the next liars show: october 30 at the bowery ballroom. buy your tickets now, suckas.  also tonight, go see  sea ray  at the bowery ballroom with  clem snide !