          Dirty on Purpose on Riot Radio!    The upcoming    Dirty on Purpose   CD,  Sleep Late for a Better Tomorrow , will be streamed live on   Riot Radio  on April 22 at 10 a.m. EST until 12 noon.  There will be another broadcast of the show for those who missed it. It will be from 4 to 6 p.m.  Check it out, kids, and then come to   the big party at Pianos !!   Hear the Buzz:   From  Time Out New York :  Local five-piece Dirty on Purpose's stunning EP  Sleep Late for a Better Tomorrow  is full of strange, sweet melodies that had us wishing it was more than 20 minutes long.   From   Sugar Zine :  This Brooklyn five-piece has been making some serious waves since they began playing out in late 2002. One of the more interesting aspects of this group is their trading vocalization. Although their drummer Doug Marvin is considered the lead singer, three other members share time on the microphone while all five contribute to the song catalog. DoP’s sound can change from delicate to dynamic in a matter of seconds with soaring instrumentation and intense riff interplay. With a self released Ep due out in April (with some help from On the Moon Music), DoP is ready to win you over.    From   www.rheingoldbeer.com/backyard   You'll be lulled into those dreamiest of states like a baby rocked in the cradle when you catch this Brooklyn based quintet. Their soothing, glistening sound creates climaxes for the smart ones who really listen with raspy guitars and unique plays on volume. Less is more in their game...DOP's winning but understated complexities will make your cup runneth over...lets just hope its full of Rheingold!    From   jenyk/dot/com   With the able assistance of producer extraordinaire Rod (of Pela fame) - fused and synched and flowed their 5 distinct personalities into a sound that after having sat down with the songs on eternal repeat for a good solid week I realize aren't dark like I had thought they were when I first heard them live, but have taken on a youthful so-not-typical optimistic childlike wonder way of seeing the world - a feeling that if you knew Doug, Erika, George, Joe, and DJ you'd understand just how and why they'd feel that way.   From   Flavorpill.net :  Brooklyn's Dirty on Purpose open with sprawling soundscapes that induce dreamy reflection. The pensive lyric-writing duties are split between all five members, while only four of them share time behind the microphone, anchored by the strong vocals of drummer Doug Marvin.    From PlayLouder.com:     Kicking off the night were New York rock scene newcomers Dirty On Purpose, a five-some causing a stir with their swirls of atmospheric pop, combining soft, smooth melodies that seem to caress like warm summer waves, and introspective lyrics delivered in a childlike croon by none other than the band’s drummer.   From   Escaping Words :  I heard about dirty on purpose last summer and remember checking out the tracks on their first ep. I remember them being cool. They vaguely reminded me of Explosions in the Sky...The previews got me re-excited though. They sound check-them-out-worthy if you like layers and don't mind lots of repeated notes.    From   Mo'Time :  Dirty On Purpose meanwhile are well matched with Say Hi To Your Mom; they too have a mellow and fluid sound. However DOP rely more on rock-based structures, heavy on the echoing electric guitars and feedback. But they can also tone it down to an acoustic hush with such songs as "Go Back To Sleep", an imperative song whose command is easy to follow.   Do you have a  Dirty on Purpose  blurb?   Email me  and I'll post it on here!!   Recent Radio Playlists:    Mount Holyoke    FBi