          thank you, peeps!  thanks to anyone who came out and enjoyed free pina coladas and my second dj set ever. it was fun fun fun playing my favorite songs like  pavement 's "shady lane,"  enon 's "disposable parts," yes, two  dirty on purpose  songs,  rentals ' "waiting,"  walkmen 's "thinking of a dream i had,"  french kicks ' "one more time,"  thermals ' "no culture icons,"  liz phair 's "fuck and run,"  suzanne vega 's "tom's diner,"  realistics ' "why didn't you stay?" and  weezer 's "islands in the sun." etc etc etc. maybe i'll have time later to post my complete playlist somewhere... though i don't remember what order i played it in. sorry. and thanks to   jay  and   hawkins  for putting the soiree together. fucking hot shit! thanks to the guy in the suit who complimented my set. no thanks to the other guy in the suit who tried to dance with me. thanks to everyone else who just was there to have wicked good times! let's do it again sometime!  doug, dj, george, annie, sung bin and i were also jumping on the small stage at the tiki room and dancing to dennis and audrey's dj sets. they were playing some great dance tunes... i jumped out of my skin when dennis played pizzacato 5's "twiggy." i was going to play their song "magic carpet ride" but ran out of time. next time, folks, next time!   eric from   say hi to your mom  did a lovely solo set for a packed bar. it was awesome. he didn't play "hooplas..." but i still adore him. i'll hopefully have photos to post at some point for all of you who love to look at drunk people chugging from free beer and stuff. oh and do i have some footage of eric grooving to some of   dennis cahlo 's tunes? yes, i do. and peeps, audrey spun some wonderful tunes as well. they both rock in the dj booth. jay also spun some fun stuff as well. i was so siked to hear him spin the walkmen's "the rat!"  during the coarse of the night, i also met the dude who does   casa de punk , and then he just walked away from me... thanks for the chat, dude!   and then i talked with the boys from   other passengers  for a while and we all danced to that song from  dirty dancing  -- i think it's called "be my little baby"? it was awesome. we were so wasted. i haven't gotten that drunk in quite a while... you know, my tolerance is not that high but those pina coladas were sweet!  and then after the party, a bunch of us crammed into jay's car like we were clowns at a circus. i was so embarrassed but so tired that i didn't care that i was sitting on jay's lap in the front passenger seat hoping and praying that i wouldn't fall out of the window or that the cops wouldn't stop us kids in our tracks and ask us why we have so many fucking people in the car. hawkins is a wild driver. and dancer. s'wild!