          skateboarding... am i back in high school?    saturday was starting to be one of those days. i woke up with a hangover... throbbing headache. then i went shopping in the thick, sticky heat that was swelling feet in the city, and finally decided to make the trek into williamsburg to hang with ma' peeps. the catch of course is that this weekend the L train wasn't running at all. the mta should give us a refund on our unlimited metro card because it means nothing to me if i can't travel into wburg. wtf is up with that? it's such an isolating feeling.    as i was chilling out to my summer mix in my apt, joe called me and i decided to meet him at andreas' art opening at kcdc, a skateshop in brooklyn. anna and ryan decided to come with too. they were going to another art opening, where the theme of the night was anti-war. i don't know how i feel about the art i saw there. it seemed reactionary in a childish way that didn't really say much more than, "hey, you suck for making us go to war." i didn't feel inspired... i didn't feel  anything  other than  bored .     then we headed over to kcdc, and it started raining a lil' here and there. andreas' work is charming; perhaps i'm biased cuz i know him. but there were photos of friends, his mom and dad, and screens or paintings of sorts...and there was a live cockroach crawling on his "broken arm" piece. that was classic. his work at least made me smile.    i have to say, i haven't ever really been to a skate bowl before. when i was in high school, i really liked the idea of skateboarding and skateboarders. i wore big baggy pants and sneakers and band tee shirts... kind of like how i dress now actually. i was a total tomboy. so when i was watching the skaters on the ramp, i was completely fascinated, watching them go back and forth... trying to figure out what the skater ramp etiquette was. it was pretty entrancing to see a subculture like that at this point in my life. i felt like i was surrounded by 16 year olds. i got to see   andreas  and   chris  skate, though joe refrained. it's too bad, i wanted to photograph him on the ramp. thanks for the free beer, kcdc.  anyways it started pouring, and anna, ryan and joe and i headed over to pete's candy store where anna's friend alice was playing and goldenrod's new country cover band was playing. that was cool and chill. joe and i had walked in the rain, so we got there soaking from head to toe. but it was a fun walk nonetheless. at least for me. joe said he ruined his skateboard in the rain (apparently that is not good for skateboards). we hung at pete's for a while and listened to the music, which was good... country covers of rock music by the likes of journey... and other people. i recognized the songs but couldn't tell you what they were called or who they were by.   ok, the end.