         tonight i went to luxx -- you know that glorious rock club of old that used to have punk/dance/electroclash shows and hipsters hanging outside smoking and bullshitting? yeah, that one. there's also a new "carribbean bar" that opened up a couple doors down from the club. if you haven't heard yet, luxx is turning into a gay dance club beginning oct. 25. but right now there is a late night gay dance party on friday -- after the rock shows. so during the  25 suaves  set (a husband and wife team like the white stripes only harder, crazier and better), i stepped out for a cigarette and some alone time. that was probably my big mistake. while i'm smoking, i overhear this conversation.   guy one:  so you're gay right?  guy two:  no i'm straight.  guy one:  oh, i'm straight too.  obviously though guy one does not believe that guy two is straight. he continues.   guy one:  things are so different now. back in the day, i could batter you.  needless to say, guy two soon snuffs out his cigarette and heads back into the club. unfortunately, of course, that means that guy one moves his interrogation on to me.   guy one:  you probably don't want to talk to me after you heard that conversation.  me:  [silence, puffing cigarette]  guy one:  can i ask you one question?  me:  no.  guy one:  just one question. c'mon!  me:  no.  guy one:  just tell me, what makes you want to be with the same sex?  me:  excuse me? what are you talking about?  guy one:  what makes you want to rub up on another girl?  me:  what the hell are you talking about? i don't.  guy one:  you don't? ah man, i fucked up didn't i? but what makes you want to have a relationship with another girl?  me:  i don't.  at this point he must have lost his train of thought or was thoroughly confused. he continues.   guy one:  oh you're chinese!!  me:  [silence, puffs cigarette faster]  guy one:  you're chinese right?  me:  no.  guy one:  you're not chinese? ah man i fucked up again, didn't i? you're not chinese?  me:  no. what are you?  guy one:  puerto rican. if you're not chinese, what are you?  me:  korean.  guy one:  oh. i fucked up. i know you don't want to hear my story but let me tell you anyways...  me:  no, don't tell me your story.  at this point, he tries to light his cigarette with mine and i back away, saying, "i have a lighter." this somehow perturbs him and he says, "keep your lighter." and finally, walks away. i went back into the club, but left shortly after. this kind of weird harassment does not bode well for the gay disco and its carribbean neighbor.