          so what am i doing tonight? hmmm....   well for the first time ever, i'm going to try my hand at deejaying. i'm really terrified, but i have this need to share the music i love with people. and since i don't have a cd burner anymore to make and send mix CDs, i figured DJing was the next best way to do it. what is cool is that i'm getting to do it with one of my faves,   mike greensleeves ! the other day we came up with an amazing playlist (just an outline, i'm planning on throwing in a few surprises here and there), and i realized mike and i are PERFECT dj partners because our tastes in music are so similar, but our catalogue of music is just different enough to make it interesting for the both of us.  if you don't happen to be going to the moz/shins extravaganza, come party with me! despite what you might have heard,   the hook  is incredibly easy to get to by way of car or cab --  and if you turn in your cab receipt at the bar, you get a free drink!  the hook is also a wonderful place to see some good rock, the sound is amazing and the space is really impressive. here are the deets for the gig tonight (this is what i posted on   friendster :   COME SEE ME DEEJAY, PLEASE!   For those of you NOT attending the Moz/Shins extravaganza on Friday, let me tell you about another exciting New York rock event... Uh, yeah, the debut of me as a deejay. Are you titillated yet? Thought so.  Yes, I'm still a deejay virgin, but gosh darnit, don't you want to be there when I pop my turntable cherry? I feel like you'll like listening to the music I'm going to spin with my partner-in-rawk for the night, DJ Greensleeves, or as I like to refer to him, Mike from Winter Pageant. Ahem.  We're also deejaying with Sam from   Interpol  and Audrey from   Melodynelson.com . Plus, some really cool local bands are playing:   Qatsi ,   Other Passengers ,   The Big Sleep  and Feast.  We plan to bring it awwwn, so put on your rock shoes and cab it over to the Hook (  www.thehookmusic.com ) this Friday night, May 7. Come on, we know you wanna. Mike and I start the music from 9 to 10 and again around midnight right before Feast go on.   DIRECTIONS:  Here's how to get there from the city. Save your cab receipt for a free drink at the bar! + Take the Brooklyn Bridge + Make a right onto Atlantic under the BQE + Left onto Columbia + Right onto Degraw + Go left and stop + Left on to Van Brunsik + Left on to Commerce + and it's between Richards and Columbia.  See how easy it is? Plus, you will get some free hugs from moi for coming.   xoxo jinners