          dear peeps  Sorry I have been slack on the updating of my adventures in nyc. Does anyone besides my friends even read this site?   Anyhoo, there's been TONS of stuff going on lately in my night life except when I'm at work I can't do a proper blogger update cuz I've been swamped with award show writing at work. Believe it or not, part of my job is to write bios of award winners and also even writing the entire script for the different genre award shows we have at work. I'm no bruce vilanche, but I do learn a lot of stuff about various artists along the way. Working for a songwriters organization is definitely a learning experience for me, plus it's been fun getting to know the ins and outs of the biz.  What's bad is that in my outings I've taken to smoking a lot more. This is a result of hanging out more with smokers. I'm what u might call a social or stress smoker. I smoke in social sitches or when I'm super stressed. Lately I've been both stressed and social -- so double the smoking! U know what though? I like it.  Hanging with   DoP  has also caused me to love bbq'ing. When u know someone with a backyard and they like cookouts and the weather is warm, then it's all good. This weekend is gonna be a double picnic extravaganza with erika's birthday on saturday in mckarren park and deron and katy's birthday on sunday in central park. Cross your fingers for sunshine! I'm reading to chill out on blankets and grass.  I'm also getting really excited about deejaying this friday at the hook, even though I think some of my close friends and others I haven't seen in a while won't be able to make it. Things like scheduling things in support of each other is really tough, especially if your friends work in the music biz. I know I constantly feel bombarded with shows and dj gigs of friends and since I can't be in two or three or four places at once or sometimes I'm just plain tired, I miss a gig here or two. Please forgive me if this happens. I still love u and your band, and will keep trying to catch you. Many of my friends have band practice or are in the recordiing studio or have to catch their other friend's gig or have some kind of birthday party to go to. Life in new york seems to revolve around everything like that and the buzz of the city is built on this "busy as a bee" syndrome.   I think I have come up with a bunch of key songs that I want to spin on friday. I will post more details on the dj gig, complete with directions to the venue. I would love to see your adorable face there to eat up the fantastic mix of delectable music morsels I plan on feeding u. Woohoo!