          the paper chase & we ragazzi @ north six while most people were probably getting totaled at the les savy fav craziness at volume on friday night, anna and i zoomed on our bikes over to north six to check out her friend's band the paper chase from dallas/denton texas. isn't everyone from denton these days? we got there in the middle of their set, but just in time to hear my favorite song, "don't you wish you had some more." unfortunately though, there weren't that many people there. i still enjoyed watching them create their spastic set, complete with sound effects, guitar, bass, drums and keys. it was hot and sweaty, just the way i like my friday night rock. if the band isn't dripping with sweat, they didn't try hard enough, you know?  i had never seen we ragazzi before either, and this three-piece was definitely interesting. anna says the lead singer sings like prince, but what fascinated me about the band was the kick-ass drummer girl. not only did she hit those drums hard, she did it with such a unique style. it was tough and forceful without being out of control. though their songs started to sound more and more the same, i did like what i heard... and am curious to hear more -- hopefully more diverse songs from this band.   celebrate brooklyn! neil young tribute @ prospect park on saturday it was a beautiful day. i got a call from annie asking if i wanted to ride our bikes over to prospect park for the neil young tribute. i was game. annie brought the scrabble board and made this delicious picnic for us. we were zooming along, and about three-fourths of the way to the park, the chain on my bike broke. it was so sad. i abandoned the chain on the street (r.i.p) and we walked our bikes the rest of the way there.   we were quite early and stood in line to get into the concert. half of the time we were trying to figure out how we were going to sneak our wine inside. they were checking bags... shit! annie stashed the wine in the bushes near the fence... we thought we would go get it later when we were safely inside. doug and his friends from north carolina met up with us a little bit later. we found out they snuck two bottles of wine in. and we went to fetch our stashed wine. i had kind of a headache and decided not to drink. i was quite impressed that at the end of the night, annie, doug and the gang had finished up the wine! drunks!  annie and i slowly played scrabble as people walked by and commented on our game. people would say thinks like, "is 'liven' a word?" we'd reply, "why yes it is." the concert was pretty bad. though cat power, iron & wine and ron sexsmith i thought were good, most of the people who played were just plain awful... kind of a massacre.   while there, i ran into dt, noah, josh, sean and robin. they were all there just hanging and of course representing for iron & wine. hotness. dt said he never heard sam beam sing the way he was singing at the tribute. it was more of a country style of singing. it was good though. as that crew rolled out, i stayed and hung out a lil longer with annie and co. we took the train home and luckily doug's friend helped me carry my bike home (thanks dude!). overall it was just a nice day spent in a beautiful park. i heart new york!!!   lazy sundays i woke up the next morning to go and fix my bike chain. there was this obnoxious texas family in line in front of me, just completely boasting their richness. the dad was buying bikes for his two daughters, who were in their 20s. they kind of gave off spoiled vibes as their dad paid for their $450 bikes. the cashier guy was like, it will probably take a couple weeks to get the bikes made, but don't scream if it's a little longer. the dad replied, "oh don't you worry. they'll definitely scream."  after i got my bike fixed, i rode over to mckarren park. met up with doug and annie again. we tried to go over to pete's candy store, but it wasn't open yet. so we bought a bunch of stuff to make dacquairis (spelling?) and also a kiddie wading pool to fill with water. it was pretty awesome. we dipped our feet in the pool and got drunk on dacqairis and mojitos. yummy! somehow i rode home drunk in the dark, totally buzzed on the wonderfully relaxing sunday. i love weekends like that!   a little extra something-something    if you're bored and feel like starting a restaurant, here's how to pitch your restaurant to the mayor.