         thanks to all who came out last night to the show at sin-e. i thought    on!air!library!   was amazing. the new drummer kevin adds depth to their dark, moody songs. pee and ali's voices sounded wonderful. and i love claudia on the farfiza!   as announced on   melodynelson  yesterday, i have begun to manage    dirty on purpose  . so i've been going to the last few practices as they ran through their set list for last night, and i knew it was going to be killer. the set was pretty heavy, and they debuted a new song tentatively titled "spider eyes" where joe sings in a voice that draws me in every time because it is so distinctive. many of their songs flowed really nicely into each other. and they ended with everyone's favorite, dynamic instrumental, "monument." it was totally hot.     pela   also sounded wonderful live, and the boys in that band were such a joy to talk to! as sweet as the music they were singing. lead singer billy has this unique voice that rings with heartfelt, uplifting melodies -- a voice that really carries the beautiful music they create. my faves are from their ep -- "episode," "latitudes" and "venom." and the live performance was just as good, if not even better, than their recording. i was so happy!  surprisingly, i knew the keyboardist in    say hi to your mom   already! so when alex walked into soundcheck yesterday, i was like, "hey, i know that guy!" funny how that happens, eh? i had never seen them live, but i've been listening to their mp3s online for a while now. so i was very excited to see shtym in the flesh! and i must say they delivered. i hold "the fritz" dear to my heart. i love how the songs are so smooth musically and have this really cool, almost jazzy vibe to them -- eric's vocals have a mysterious edge, and then the lyrics have sarcastic, witty bite, which gives the songs even more appeal. can't wait to see them again!  it made me so happy to see so many of my friends at the show -- christian and justin from bishop allen, naf from OTM Tokyo, Knife Skills, deron, Jenna, Jeff Sea Ray, Asobi Seksu, rachel, jennifer, the Red Comes Up, June Fool, the jean genie, Divestar, Miss Modern Age, melody nelson, jasper jenyk, new york doll and more that i am probably missing cuz my brain is so foggy (but you know who you are!). thanks for coming and making a girl like me so very happy.  photos from the show coming soon...