          hooplas involving circus tricks  apparently rachel trachtenburg couldn't make the show last night at north six because she was being interviewed by vh1 or something. after dop practice, we all went over to say hi to eric and the   say hi to your mom  gang. we thought we'd slip in just in time for shtym's set, but unfortunately that wasn't the case. we suffered through the last half of  jason trachtenburg 's solo show... the absence of rachel's cute face was thick in the air, as we all tried to patiently listen to jason mutter out long, drawn out, seemingly directionless stories... he seemed to nervous, i felt so bad for him... but it also pained me to listen to it. so much so that i couldn't help but laugh out of nervousness for him. oh.my.gosh. poor guy.  then some kind of funk band whose bassist had this blue light up flashing ring came on stage... and we all knew we had to leave. pizza run. we ran into billy from other passengers there, chomping away on a slice. this town feels more and more like family as time goes by.   we eventually said bye to billy and wandered back to north six. eric finally went on stage super late, but we enjoyed the set nonetheless. i was barely conscious because of my lack of sleep these days. but hearing eric sing "super" is nice and reassuring that someone else in the world holds the same sarcastic sense of humor that i do. word.    back to band practice though. i don't know why, but i am addicted to going to band practice. i think that i miss dop when i don't see them at practice for like a week. having such access to their music and their creative process is an amazing privilege that i take advantage of as much as possible. i see them develop. i see them grow. i see them create amazing songs. i feel like a mother, proud of her children's accomplishments. the beautiful sounds start to envelope me, and i can't help but smile. it's so fucking good! i took some video of them practicing dj's new song, which joe sings on. his voice is so sad and beautiful. the song is so goddamn catchy.    watch them here and see for yourself!   [warning: it will take you a while to download, even on high speed, but it's worth it.]