          surrender, surrender! rock and roll still exists in nyc    it's been quite a while since i've been to a rock show and had a beer bottle thrown at me, but it happened last night at  the blue sparks cd release party  by miss alanna. it came out of nowhere and splattered all over near the bar of sin-e. craziness! all in good rock/n/roll fun! it's always a good night when you spend some time at home washing the beer from your face, and the ink from your hands.  in case you don't know,   the blue sparks  are down and gritty rock and roll that splatters (like a hurled budweiser) with tough spastic fun. it's pretty amazing how tight they are, and i especially love when phil rocks it out on the guitar. he seems so innocuous, but that boy just rips out the demon when he's on stage. in an adorable way, of course! they just pound their guitars, and i don't know how their strings aren't all in pieces right now.   i really liked their entire set, but the old song they pulled out at the begging of john martin was pretty amazing. jo tells me it's an old blue sparks song, but a classic, called "tell me whatcha want." that song is so good, i thought it was a cover song! it's the kind of old school rock song that makes you want to go crazy and scream along, "tell me whatcha want! i want i want i want! tell me whatcha need! i need i need i need!" sooooooo fucking good. i'm officially an addict.     wolfbait  (which of course was   the fever  playing cover songs) played some goodies too, including: ** hall and oates' "maneater" ** r. kelly's "ignition" ** cheap trick's "surrender"  i'm also happy to report that   geremy 's hair is lookin' better than ever. word.  this was all   witnessed  by a lovely group of   sweet    hot    familiar    peeps . so much raw goodness. i fucking heart new york.    another great band i saw last night was   other passengers . this band just gets better and better each time i see them. their dark, despondent lyrics and overwhelming compositions swallow me up into some kind of abysmal black hole. just amazing, and quite heart-stopping live.