          a shady lane, everybody wants one  this past weekend was not only filled with lots of weary moments, but my housemates and i watched two documentaries:  spellbound  and  capturing the friedmans .    spellbound  was entertaining, but i thought it would be more intense. the kids in it were so cute, and some of those words were damn tricky. the sweat pouring down their foreheads, the biting of the lips, the utter fear of blanking out cringing out of their eyes.... we always knew that vocab tests in school were always so damn nerve-racking, but imagine taking that test in front of cameras and hundreds of parents. yikes! the one lesson i learned from this movie:  bee happy.    capturing the friedmans ... i really didn't know what i was in for when i decided i wanted to watch this film. and to think that it all started because the filmmaker was profiling new york's #1 clown... who turned out to have some not-so-funny family drama going on. as the story unfolded, i became utterly horrified. then i was confused. then i was like, wtf is wrong with these people? hello, your father is a child molester.  geez us!   in the unbearable heat, there is one song that always makes me happy. i love pavement's "shady lane". sing along with me:  Blind date with the chancer we had oysters and dry lancers when the check when it arrived we went dutch, dutch, dutch, dutch a redder shade of neck on a whiter shade of trash And this emory board is giving me a rash I'm flat out You're so beautiful to look at when you cry Freeze, don't move You've been chosen as an extra in the movie adaptation of the sequel to your life.  A shady lane -- everybody wants one A shady lane -- everybody needs one Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god Oh my god, oh your god, oh his god, oh her god It's everybody's god, it's everybody's god, it's everybody's god, it's everybody's god The worlds collide, but all that we want is a shady lane  Glance, don't stare Soon you're being told to recognize your heirs No, not me -- I'm an island of such great complexity Stress surrounds in the muddy peaceful center of this town Tell me off in the hotel lobby right in front of all the bellboys and the over-friendly concierge  A shady lane -- everybody wants one A shady lane -- everybody needs one Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god Oh my god, oh your god, oh his god, oh her god It's everybody's god, it's everybody's god, it's everybody's god, it's everybody's god The worlds collide, but all that I want is a shady lane.