          calling all book worms!  i wish there was a book club called "great books for people who love music." i would totally join that club.    the last book i finished reading was called    drinking: a love story   by caroline knapp. it was one of the most depressing books i've had to page through, and as i was reading it, i felt like i was also going through many of the trials and tribulations with drinking recounted in the book. the book is actually caroline's memoir on her bout with alcoholism. now i know we all like to consider ourselves alcoholics, but caroline went through some major drinking episodes that make mine seem like some sort of pathetic joke. she would drink before going to work, right after work. hide bottles in back porches. drink entire bottles of wine and replacing them so that no one would know... she drank to deal with pain. she drank to not feel anything. she drank just for the sake of drinking. it was like a nervous habit. some of us bite our nails. caroline fucking drank until she would pass out and not remember anything. reading this book made me realize that i was definitely not an alcoholic, though my love affair is quite coquettish.  now i'm thinking of picking up caroline's other book,    appetite: why women want  . why? because i wanna find out why.   i'm also trying to get through  the corrections . but sometimes it's so fucking boring. granted it certainly has moments of brilliance, but then i get to another chapter and the story goes from somewhat interesting to just plain dull. i was quite attracted to the story however. it's about a family from pennsylvania that is totally dysfunctional. the absolute struggle to get family together, even at the most stressed times. the basic outline plot reminded me of my own family and how disparate everyone is. i think much of my frustrations as a person is partially due to the fact that i don't have much of a family structure to fall back on. i don't have the close bonds. i don't often feel the compulsion to call my familly. not to say that i don't love them, but some of them drive me up the wall. they are quick to criticize me, and i often think my somewhat chronic bouts with depression are because of all the fucked up ideas they have instilled in my head about myself. i was never skinny enough. sometimes not smart enough, though most of the time my academic life was the only thing they ever showed approval of. i was never girly enough. blah blah blah.  the corrections  covers all of that fucked up nonsense about families and their ability to both support and tear apart each other. hopefully i will plow through this soon and move on to another book... but i'm kind of infamous for reading multiple books at once. judging by my past posts, maybe i should read jonathan franzen's  how to be alone . ha.  any other recommendations?