          to lost souls everywhere  i feel like i'm perpetually caught in limbo. i feel inexplicably sad. i feel lonely. this is partly due to my recent singleton status, i know. when you're in a couple, you don't mind other couples so much. you don't mind the fact that all of your other single friends constantly hook up with other single friends or make out with random strangers, whatever. you don't mind being on your own every once in a while. then you read things like   this , and it makes you kind of sad. girls are fucked up. boys are fucked up. and together, they manage to fuck each other up real good. what the hell?  in my new single life, i'm finding that being alone sucks. and what's even more interesting is that in my new digs, i find myself living with a married couple, who are nice peeps and all, but hell, they are newly married. they are a unit. it's sweet, but weird for me.   my new bedroom is what i call "the bat cave." i climb up these creaky, wooden stairs to get to my bat cave. at night when the door is closed, i am swallowed in darkness. and i pass out and dream strange dreams, most of which i can't recall anymore. this past weekend, i found myself in a terrible mood, and i just couldn't get out of bed. i slept all day saturday, then finally ventured out of my bedroom around 7 p.m. granted i went out to support au revoir simone at trash and bishop allen at the tank, but then the next day, i walked around like a zombie yet again. i felt incredibly woozy and unwell. my head was pounding. i was nauseous. i passed out around 7:30 p.m. and didn't awaken again until well past noon the next day.  i was suddenly sick.  steadily since then i've been feeling better, and i appreciate everyone who has shown concern. i'm alright. it's kind of amazing how powerful our minds are. if we are unhappy, then we sort of react physically to our emotions. i feel sort of lost right now. it's probably the norm for all people in their 20's but in this town, who has time to fuck around like this? not i. and so i solider on, trying to ignore everything that makes life so miserable for us young ones. in the grand scheme, things like that don't matter much. and like i said, i'm trying not to be emo. i'm trying to look on the brighter side of things. i'm trying to be optimistic and avoid cynicism.