          the slow century  i feel like these days, i'm totally into slowing it down. for the past couple of years, i've lived fast. heck, for the past 7 years in new york, i've lived fast. But night after night of hanging out at rock clubs with earplugs and the search for free liquor can be quite taxing. i've never been one to limit my experiences like that, but these days nothing compels me too much. except for things that are free because i've become quite broke.   going to a rock show? probably not unless i'm on the list. this makes me sad as i desperately want to attend lollapalooza and see moz and the pixies. i'm talking,  a lot . but not only would i have to take two days off of work, i'd also have to shell out like $90 on tickets and probably another however much on transportation. rock and roll is like my drug and all, but seriously, this habit can get quite expensive on a big scale. perhaps that's why i try to keep most of my show experiences on the smallish, local level.   with all of the work that i do end up doing in the music industry, sometimes i feel like i don't get enough back to sustain the lifestyle. i envy all of the rich kids who have the support of their parents and can afford to do whatever their little hearts desire. i, on the other hand, need to balance everything out with a full-time job. it's a tough thing to juggle in this twisted economy. but c'est la vie! c'est la rock/n/roll!   i've also always thought that i wanted to be a writer, and a part of me still does. but things can get discouraging in this day and age. i feel like many others get the chance to do things that i can only dream of doing... for one reason or another. mostly because my tastes are not very mainstream. that was one thing i learned from interning at  entertainment weekly . i despise mainstream stuff most of the time. it's too manufactured and not raw enough for me. thus my life is not mainstream, and the opportunities that present themselves to me are all lowly funded indie projects. but the awesome thing is that i believe in everything i do, and i don't think that i get swayed into writing and believing things that are simply trendy or buzzworthy. anything that i support really does have some weight (in my opinion). it's not all dressed up in purdy bows and ties. it's real. it's meaty. it's something precious to me. it's not a paid-for-commercial. i hope you get that sense of me.