          stop fucking around things have been quite hectic for me this week, in more ways that one and for all of my friends, i dearly apologize. sometimes i get so friggin' busy with work, music, etc that my head explodes and i become comatose. this week has been one of those weeks where i think my mind just went blank. but i can't swear off rock/n/roll like   some people can . i feel like i physically and emotionally need music to feel like myself. it's worse than crack.  i still feel really out of it -- and still feel like a nomad with all my shitty moving around. it's been sort of an adventure, but right now my life doesn't need more drama. today's culture is going more and more for minimalism. take the impact of the film  super size me . also consider ordering a small coffee for 60 cents with one less lump of sugar, and maybe no cream at all. frequenting bars only once in a while. cooking more at home and eating half as much. twice the leftovers. mini skirts. shoes that don't have a back on them, i think they're called mules. jeans that expose more than they should because they are ultra-ultra-low-rise. this is steadily becoming the norm. i don't really remember what my point was... see, what i mean? even our thoughts are downsized... or rather, shorter-lived.   the winter pageant @ rothko the other night i went to see mike's band,    the winter pageant  . they were so good! there is this incredibly sad, delicate haze that surrounds their entrancing music, and listeners beware, if you are depressed, the winter pageant will only induce more tears. and perhaps, even if you are happy, you will walk out of their show wholly depressed. think of a lost love. think of loneliness. think of disappointments. think of mean girls (not the movie). think of everytime someone ever betrayed you or kicked you in the shins or made fun of you. every time your parents criticized your life, your looks, your low salary. you get the point. incredibly atmospheric (especially when mike breaks out the e-bow) the winter pageant have the same mood as elliott smith songs but they come across as a bit more emotional, more swirly. a lot less bitter. and yes, equally as beautiful.    need new body @ knitting factory   in contrast, the band i saw last night thanks to some list action from   dt and rt , was energized, ridiculous, sarcastic and spastic --    need new body  . HOLY SHIT. i had no idea what i was in for, but i got a clue when rt was like, "you've never seen need new body? oh man. i guarantee this will end up on your blog." and so it is! i think i spent the entire show squealing in delightful shock and amusement.    re-enactment:   aha! oh.my.gosh. aha! wtf?!? oh.my.god.   the band started off doing a few ditties that sounded like a re-interpretation of the theme from  all in the family . dude, i'm totally serious. it was obviously some kind of joke (and admittedly funny in a freaky sort of way that someone's voice could be so friggin' high normally -- think geddy lee or joe jurewicz), but then the band suddenly broke into their real set list, which was amazingly dancey and funky, with punk ideals. and whenever i hang with drummers like dt, i am always made to watch the drummer on stage. and i'm glad i did -- that dude was really fucking crazy. his eyes were bugging out and he was thrashing those drums like he was some insane asylum resident gone hogwild. it was kind of scary actually. the main lead singer had a very redneck look to him, and he kind of reminded me of a   tim harrington , but with less theatrics and more emphasis on just pure dancing.  also, thank god,  creed  finally broke up. woo hoo!