               MAKING LEGENDS OF RIO'S GANG LORDS?  I finally was able to see   City of God  Wednesday night.  The theater looked fine after last week's flood, and the movie was good.  The story lasts from the 1960s until the late 1970s or so, and despite the short time frame, this is in large part an intergenerational crime drama.  The lives of the hoods in this movie are so short and they become criminals so quickly, the gangsters of the late 1960s are gone in a couple years, the next generation only lasts a few years more, and then the next generation takes over.    At first, at the founding of the City of God, the Tender Trio (pictured above) are thug heroes, stealing gas and money and giving away a lot of the gas.  They use guns to rob a motel, but don't shoot anyone, as they're primarily robbers.  After their amateurism gets them caught by the cops, a new generation of gangsters, even younger, takes over the City of God, led by Li'l Dice (later Li'l Ze), a kid who enjoys killing and wants to rule the slum at about 18.  Li'l Ze is ruthless, but his violence has a purpose for the most part, and there are people he trusts and he seems to feel emotions besides just pain.  He is unhappy to be rejected by women, angry at his best friend Benny for leaving him, and deeply sad when the happy-go-lucky Benny is killed.  The narrator is the guy who got out of the slum, Rocket, but he seems almost a sideline to the real action, which is the tension that grows between Li'l Ze and the remaining crime/drug lord of the City of God, Carrot.  The war escalates as a former soldier Li'l Ze wrongs joins up with Carrot and instigates an all-out war.    This is dutifully shown, in dark late-night battles and daytime standoffs with whirling cameras and action that seems to have been taken from commercials.  It's clearly meant to give the audience a rush, but you feel guilty for getting excited by the action in a story that is really so sad.  It reminds me of   Boyz in the Hood  in a way, which was meant to show how bad life is in the 'Hoods of L.A., how unlikely a young black man is to get out, the violence that draws people in and kills way too many people, and the oppression of black people by the cops (sorry if that's a poor summary).  Despite the "Increase the Peace" plea, the movie was taken as glorifying the gang lifestyle.  You feel guilty here as well, wondering if this isn't making the story of bloody killers into the stuff of legend.  With its segmented storyline and "based on reality" ending, complete with interviews, the movie feels like series of legends connected together into the myth of a South American Compton.  At the end of the movie you are told that the story is based on reality and treated to a interview with one of the real-life gangsters depicted in the movie.    As the gang war winds up, you know the movie is coming to a brutal conclusion.  The ending is something of a twist, but it isn't entirely suprising.  Instead of the gang lords killing each other, the "runts," a group of street kids who care about no one but themselves and don't want to work their way up through the drug gangs, come upon Li'l Ze in a moment of weakness and gun him down.  A new generation of even more ruthless and unbelieveably young gangsters has taken over.  The runts seem barely old enough to use their guns and they're talking about killing guys with the same mixture of excitement and nonchalance American kids have about taking out the bad guys on whatever Playstation game is in style at the moment.  This is scary enough to give you goosebumps, and I think that was the intention behind this ending.  There may be a message that this problem in the slums needs to be solved, but it seems more like the movie's makers just wanted to tell the story of the gang wars of that period.  The story is exciting, but should these gang lords be made into the stuff of legend?