            SOFTWOOD LUMBER SETTLEMENT APPEARS LIKELY  It appears from news stories out over the last week or so that U.S. and Canadian negotiators are coming close to a deal that will end the latest chapter in a twenty-plus year dispute over Canadian exports of softwood lumber.   One article  quotes Pierre Pettigrew, Canada's trade minister, quoting Grant Aldonas, Under Secretary of Commerce for International Trade, as having said Thursday that a deal could be reached within 3 weeks.  As negotiations will restart midweek, it appears Aldonas will actually be able to make an appearance at the class he team-teaches on Mondays at Georgetown Law (which I am taking).    Export Tax  It appears the answer this time is an    export tax  , which British Columbia and relevant labor unions seem to agree with and with which Ontario and Quebec are said to disagree.  The   Partnership for Growth , an advocacy group apparently mainly supported by the   Forest Products Association of Canada  has put out   TV ads  against the export tax, which I saw twice this morning on Washington DC's   NBC4 .  The ads note strong American and Canadian trade ties in other sectors, such as oil, then ask why the U.S. would impose a 27% import tax on Canadian lumber imports.  Despite this last-minute lobbying push, it is likely that the U.S. and Canada will soon agree to a settlement as the lumber dispute has cost both sides jobs when neither side can afford them.    Capitulation?  This topic hasn't really been much in the news in the U.S., mostly in the context of President Bush's   planned May 5 visit , but it's been much more of a topic for Canadian pundits, who see the settlement as a   Canadian capitulation .   That may be a reasonable conclusion, as the settlement looks like it will include not only an export tax but also a   gradual overhaul  of the way the entire Canadian lumber market works - moving away from the traditional Canadian stumpage system toward the American auction-based market.  Pettigrew made it seem that   a longer-term deal , which would include changing stumpage practices, should be conditioned on a repayment of U.S. dumping and countervailing duties to Canadian companies, but don't hold your breath.    "Gradual Overhaul"  Anyway, the "gradual overhaul" would have to be undertaken by Canada's provinces (who own most of the forests), which is probably why it's being called gradual.  In late January, British Columbia   threatened to walk out  of talks with the U.S. aimed at ending the dispute.  This was probably a direct tactical response to the push by some in Congress to subject Canadian lumber imports to a  45%  export tax (in order to pressure the Canadians into accepting the 27% export tax).  However, I believe the B.C. walkout also reflected strong distaste for this deal and there will probably anti-Ottawa resistance to changes that will put iconic Canadian lumber workers out of work, and changes in provincial law will probably be a long time coming.  The WTO Litigation  While there was litigation in the WTO, this dispute, known as Lumber IV, appears to have been settled the same way Lumber II and Lumber III were settled - with a bilateral agreement.  Lumber III involved a challenge under the Canadian Free Trade Agreement and this dispute the WTO, but   in all of these cases , the dispute ended with a duty on Canadian lumber (the Softwood Lumber Agreement also had a quota) aimed at preventing cheaper Canadian importers from gaining market share in the U.S. market.  I've only been watching this dispute for the last few years, but I wonder if the new dispute procedures didn't just make the dispute more transparent and public.  Hmmm.