            SPACE SHUTTLE NOT IN CONTACT WITH NASA  NASA lost contact with the Space Shuttle Columbia as it neared landing at 9:00am today.  It was scheduled to land at 9:16am.   As of 9:30am , there was no word as to whether the Shuttle landed successfully or was going to come back into communication with Mission Control.  The Washington Post has a  congratulatory story about the Shuttle's successful mission , filed at 8:30am.  Hopefully there will be nothing else to report.  10:00am  CNN says   search and rescue teams have been mobilized in the Dallas area , and NASA says that if  any debris  is found, not to approach it.  Though I remain hopeful, if NASA announces that, it sounds extremely serious.    CNN  and   ABC  are now getting what appear to be citizen reports of loud or explosive noises possibly indicating a crash near the Texas/Arkansas border, and the Bush Administration is gearing up for a major conference with agencies involved in the situation.  As of 10:13am, CNN has declared that the shuttle has broken up, based on images of multiple vapor trails over Texas.     Sometime after 11:00am, NASA confirmed what has been apparent to most for the last hour or so by lowering flags to half-staff at Houston's Johnson Space Center.  How terribly, terribly sad.  2:05PM  President Bush has made the official announcement that the Shuttle broke up over Texas.  He invoked Isaiah, I believe   Isaiah 40:26 , one translation of which reads:  Lift up your eyes on high, and behold who hath created these [things], that bringeth out their host by number: he calleth them all by names by the greatness of his might, for that [he is] strong in power; not one faileth. * Lift your eyes and look to the heavens: Who created all these? He who brings out the starry host one by one, and calls them each by name. Because of his great power and mighty strength, not one of them is missing. The President continued by saying that the astronauts lost were not truly lost, as they were with God.  Religious in content, like President Reagan's speech in the Challenger context.  Overall very touching, primarily because the statement conveyed real emotion.