            US DEPT OF ENERGY REPORT ON IRAQI OIL  Dating from February 2003,   this report  details exactly why Iraqi oil is so precious.   The main reasons:  1. It's cheap. Lots of cheap labor and transportation across a flat desert road is not very expensive.  2. Easy access to worldwide distribution centers (pipelines and deep water ports)  3. There is lots of it. Second only to Saudi Arabia in proven reserves, but far less tapped then Saudi Arabia.    Iraq has been in desparate need to fix oil wells and get the infrastructure back up to standard in order to get the oil flowing without break-downs.   A few countries bid on the contracts. You might be able to guess which countries those were: France, Russia and China. And I believe that Deutsche Bank happens to be somebody who is loaning alot of money to do this. Lets see, loaning alot of money, and taking years to complete and get a return on. That means lots of interest. So apparently the only countries who were against this war, were countries that stood to make billions of dollars from contracts awarded to these countries by the Iraqi's and probably some sort of exclusivity to cheap oil. Places like China and Russia are probably not too happy about all this US led war stuff.   Here is a quote from the article:   ---------------------------------------------   As of October 2002, Iraq reportedly had signed several multi-billion dollar deals with foreign oil companies mainly from China, France, and Russia. Deutsche Bank estimates $38 billion total on new fields -- "greenfield" development -- with potential production capacity of 4.7 million bbl/d if all the deals come to fruition (which Deutsche Bank believes is highly unlikely). Iraq reportedly has become increasingly frustrated at the failure of these companies actually to begin work on the ground, and has threatened to no longer sign deals unless firms agreed to do so without delay. Iraqi upstream oil contracts generally require that companies start work immediately, but U.N. sanctions overwhelmingly have dissuaded companies from doing so. In 1992, Iraq announced plans to increase its oil production capacity to over 6.3 million bbl/d following the lifting of U.N. sanctions. This plan, which was to be accomplished in three phases over a five-year period, assumed billions of dollars worth of foreign investment. Much of the production was to come from giant fields in the south (Halfaya, Majnoon, Bin Umar, West Qurna), plus the Mishrif reservoir (Luhais, North and South Rumaila, Zubair, etc.), East Baghdad, and others.   Russia, which is owed billions of dollars by Iraq for past arms deliveries, has a strong interest in Iraqi oil development. This includes a $3.7 billion, 23-year deal to rehabilitate Iraqi oilfields, particularly the 11-15 billion barrel West Qurna field (located west of Basra near the Rumaila field). West Qurna is believed to have production potential of 800,000-1 million bbl/d. In a surprising and somewhat puzzling development, in mid-December 2002 the Iraqi Oil Ministry announced that it was severing its contract with the Lukoil consortium on West Qurna due to "fail[ure] to comply" with contract stipulations. Specifically, the Iraqis cited Lukoil's failure to invest a required $200 million over three years. Two other, smaller, stakes in West Qurna by Russian companies Zarubezhneft and Mashinoimport reportedly were left intact. In addition, three exploration and production deals were signed between Iraq and Russian companies (Soyuzneftegaz, Stroytransgas-Oil, and Tatneft, to develop the 100,000-bbl/d Rafidain field, the Western Desert's Block 4, and the Western Desert's Block 9, respectively). Despite all this, Russia's Foreign Ministry said that it viewed the Iraqi decision on Lukoil and West Qurna "with regret." In mid-February 2003, following a month of talks between the two sides aimed at reversing Iraq's decision, the Iraqis announced that its decision to cancel the Lukoil deal was "finished and the contract has been scrapped."  ----------------------------------------------   Follow the money...  ---