            WHAT TO DO ABOUT KIRKUK?  Iraqi troops are being heavily bombarded in the town of Kalak and the cities of Kirkuk and Mosul.  Their apparently decreasing numbers   may indicate  that they are falling back to Mosul, which is home to   two Republican Guard divisions .  Kurdish troops,   reportedly under the command  of U.S. Special Forces, are moving into land ceded by the Iraqis near Kirkuk and clearing mines.  It seems that all sides believe the battle for Kirkuk will begin soon.    How will that go, politically?    Zalmay Khalilzad , the American envoy to the Iraqi opposition (he looks better   in sunglasses ), was in Ankara Monday to reassure the Turkish Foreign Ministry that Kurds would not, "  seize the oil rich city of Kirkuk unilaterally ."  Turkey has said that would prompt an invasion by its troops waiting north of the Iraqi border.  The phrasing of that statement, "unilaterally seize" and Khalilzad's statement that the U.S. forces are in "command and control" of Kurdish militia makes it seem likely that Kirkuk will be attacked mainly by Kurdish soldiers under the command of U.S. Special Forces.  This runs counter to what I had first thought, that Turkey would not accept Kurdish soldiers entering the city at all and that U.S. forces in the area would have to take Kirkuk themselves.  It looks like a political arrangement has been made to deal with the reality on the ground.  The relatively few U.S. soldiers (maybe 3,000) in northern Iraq probably can't capture the city without significant casualties, so Kurdish Peshmerga will have to be used to make attack.  The Iraqi strategy for the defense of the Kirkuk seems to be the "Somali lesson" Iraqis are trying to apply in south-central Iraq:   draw U.S. soldiers into street battles  in urban areas.  If U.S. forces in the north can only do a little to help the attack on Baghdad, which I and a lot of other people think is the focus of the war and where its endgame will be played out, what are we doing fighting for Kirkuk or even for Mosul?  I wonder what people will think if a lot of Americans are killed fighting for a city more important to the Kurds than the U.S., who seems centered on taking Baghdad (and then maybe Tikrit).