             U.S. LOSES  ANOTHER  ANTIDUMPING DISPUTE, AG TALKS STALL  This was a few days ago, but I just read that the interim report just came out in the big U.S. - 201 Steel Safeguards dispute at the WTO.  Not surprisingly,   the U.S. lost .  The interim report isn't the final result, but interim reports basically become WTO panel reports.  The U.S. always seems to lose these cases.  I can't read why because only the interim report is out and the report is supposedly only in the hands of the relevant governments and those who need to know, though the result has been widely circulated in the news.  The U.S. will wait for the panel report to come out and it has already   promised to appeal .  This could go on for quite a while.  I'd bet, however, that the steel safeguards will last long enough for President Bush to benefit for sticking up for the steelworkers of the industrial midwest (and the rest of the U.S.) whose votes he hopes to get.  Steel.  There aren't that many steelworkers any more, just as there aren't that many farmers.  But in certain iconic sectors like this, politicians feel they have to win votes, so   they don't let these sectors become liberalized .  I think it's because people in areas like the midwest  identify  themselves as having common cause with steelworkers just as those in historically more rural, less California or Northeastern states identify themselves with farmers.  Saving the job of the farmer or steelworker means more than just the vote of one family, it means the support of an entire region.  This isn't true only of the U.S., other countries feel pride in having a steel sector - it's the heart of an old-school industrial base.  This kind of nostalgic chauvinism has serious consequences for the international trading system.  The U.S.'s string of WTO losses angers many at home and harms the image of free trade, even if most would call the U.S. measures in dispute protectionist.  As movement on agricultural subsidies has been tied to larger trade liberalization by many in the Doha Round, many wonder if the Round is going to fail so the U.S., EU, Japan (and others) can subsidize their few remaining farmers.  You hope that wouldn't be the case, but it appears the iconic sectors the U.S. and others want to protect are iconic trade restrictions for those in the rest of the world.