            WHERE IS NATE THAYER?  Nate Thayer, a   Slate contributor  and freelance journalist, has not posted anything on   Slate  for several days after a story in which he indicated that he was due to be expelled and was trying to avoid that fate because he would be forced to take the western road from Baghdad to Syria.  Most people commenting on the situation have come to the same inference from these facts: Nate Thayer is missing.  In response to that article, I posted this in Slate's    Fray   regarding this subject and am re-posting it here, in edited form.  If you want to know where Nate Thayer is, as I do, publicize his cause.  It may convince someone to try to find him.  If you have any information, post it on Slate's    Fray   or here   .   Here's what I think I heard about Nate Thayer:  On Monday I saw   Charlie Rose  where he had on as his guest   Jon Lee Anderson  of   The New Yorker . If I remember correctly, Anderson said that few people feel safe making the crossing from the Jordan and Syria to Baghdad or vice versa. A couple Turkish journalists had apparently made it through but were absolutely terrorized by freebooters out on the highway. The road is littered by charred vehicles and burned-out buildings and people fear American bombing and fighting in the area. Professional drivers who have traveled to Baghdad for years   are afraid to take the road to Baghdad . A bus load of Syrians were hit on a bridge by an American plane, killing   a number of riders . There are   few people in refugee camps   in Jordan because of the danger of the trip from Baghdad. Basically, roads west from Baghdad are really dangerous.  Anderson also made reference to a young journalist who had been ordered out of the country and whose girlfriend, who was apparently still in Baghdad, had heard no word of him. I hope that he isn't referring to Nate Thayer, or alternatively that Nate's girlfriend soon gets word he is OK.   sirach  suggested that we all pray for Nate.  Here is my offering, from the back of a holy card depicting St. Christopher, the patron saint of travelers (can you guess I'm Catholic?):   The Motorist's Prayer:  Grant me, O Lord, a steady hand and watchful eye, that no one shall be hurt as I pass by. Thou gavest life, I pray no act of mine may take away or mar that gift of Thine. Shelter those, dear Lord, who bear my company from the evils of fire and all calamity. Teach me to use my car for others need; Nor miss through love of undue speed. The beauty of the world; that thus I may with joy and courtesy go on my way. St. Christopher, holy patron of travelers, protect me, and lead me safely to my destiny.   Good luck, Nate. I hope you weren't kicked out or that if you were, you make it safely on the road to Syria.   UPDATE: NATE LIVES! Nate Thayer just   posted on Slate  regarding his ordeal.  He took the road to Jordan with another kicked-out journalist and made it out alive.