            NORTHERN FRONT OPENS, TROOP DEMANDS IN SOUTHERN IRAQ LIMIT EXPANSION  Now that troops are flying into Harir airfield near Bashur on the northern front of the war, the question is "when will they start attacking Iraqis?"  I think the answer to that came today with the information that   30,000 more American soldiers  are being rushed to  southern  Iraq to deal with the problems of long supply lines and stiffer-than-expected resistance on the way to Baghdad.  There are unconfirmed reports of requests for   4,000 more British troops   to fight in the south as well.  To me that indicates that there won't be any dramatic increase in the number of troops that come in to northern Iraq.  So, the first mission will be to deal with Ansar and secure the base the Americans are establishing.  The Ansar operation is probably entirely compartmentalized; Special Forces soldiers will probably fight there alongside Kurdish Peshmerga.  The Army troops flying in probably won't be involved; they're probably going to simply try to ensure stability in the area and try to deal with the local situation.  Later, once American troops at Harir are able to secure enough materiel, they will begin to attack Iraqi positions considered vulnerable to a relatively small American force working with the Kurds. That will probably mean positions near, say, Chamchamal or Kalak, which   continue to be bombed .    ABC News  is even reporting that Iraqi units at Chamchamal   are retreating though not under attack .  Reuters'   Mike Collett-White  (who seems to be a great spotter for troop movements and American bombings in northern Iraq) said   Kurdish forces have moved 4km into Iraqi territory  near Chamchamal.  Whether other Iraqis in Kurdish areas will be pushovers remains to be seen.  Then, once the units are at full strength, American forces will try to take Kirkuk without much Kurdish involvement.  How this will be done is tricky, as the Kurds would ideally want Kirkuk as the capital of whatever form of Kurdistan emerges from this war, it sits on an oil field and it was once the home of a great many Kurds   who were forced out .  Turkey doesn't want Kirkuk in Kurdish control and the U.S. is in the difficult position of trying to restrain its Kurdish allies for their own good.  Mosul, with a larger Arab population, will probably be next for the Americans.  What will happen next is unclear; the fighting for Baghdad will probably be concurrent with these operations and more troops and planes may not be spared for fighting in the north.  But if the battle for Baghdad hasn't bogged coalition forces down, they will probably move on Tikrit.  Tikrit will probably require a significant ramp-up in the numbers of troops Americans have in the north; as Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld said today, Republican Guard   troops are making a defensive ring around the town  like that around Baghdad.  Hopefully the U.S. will have enough troops to take out Tikrit soon, or the battle for Baghdad and the battle for Tikrit will have to be fought almost simultaneously.