            WHY TAKE ON ANSAR FIRST? TO PROTECT AMERICAN TROOPS  U.S. warplanes continued bombing attacks in Northern Iraq today.   Iraqi positions near   Chamchamal, Kalak, Kirkuk and Mosul  were bombed, but local Peshmerga commander Mam Rostam said the bombing   needed to be much heavier  to bring the war to a swift end.  The U.S. certainly seems able to do more to help fight the Kurds the Iraqis, based on the   100 or so missiles   and numerous bombs it has been able to drop in the few valleys the Islamic militant group Ansar al-Islam controls.  However, instead of fighting Iraqis, the U.S. appears to have decided to take out Ansar al-Islam.  This has puzzled some observers who consider Ansar a gadfly rather than a real target.  I think I may know why the U.S. has decided to destroy Ansar before truly opening a northern front.  I think the reason why the U.S. is trying to take on Ansar first is that the U.S. wants to significantly increase the number of coalition troops it can place in Northern Iraq.  Americans care about how their soldiers die, as has been evidenced by the rough division of labor between British and American forces in southern Iraq.  The U.S. advances toward Baghdad while the British taken on much of the urban warfare the Americans have been loath to engage in since Mogadishu.  Just as the U.S. public does not want to see its troops dragged through the streets of far-off cities, the U.S. public does not want its troops to fall victim to preventable terror attacks.  And U.S. war planners probably have determined that American soldiers face a significant risk of terror attacks if large numbers of troops move into Northern Iraq before Ansar al-Islam is eradicated.  This is not an entirely unreasonable fear as Ansar is considered responsible for a   car bomb attack that killed an Australian journalist  last weekend.  I believe the U.S. wants to place more troops in northern Iraq for several reasons.  First, the Kurds are not the Northern Alliance.  They are more concerned with their own welfare than liberating Iraq.  They will probably not want to fight outside of Kurdish areas and would likely be seen as intruders rather than liberators by the Iraqi Arabs to their south.  A few hundred Special Forces troops and the Peshmerga probably couldn't take on   the Iraqi division near Kirkuk  or the forces Saddam has arrayed north of Baghdad.  Taking control over the Arab areas north of Baghdad before the battle for that city is an important coalition goal.  That area includes Tikrit, the base of Saddam's power and his home base.  There are probably illegal weapons stashed there and the U.S. wants to find them to show the world that war was justified.  Tommy Franks also of course wants to prevent any escape to that region by Saddam or any of those who stand to lose from regime change after it become obvious that Baghdad is going to be taken by coalition forces.    Capturing or killing Saddam  is a major goal of this war.  Though regime change could take place if he just disappears, that will be one more bad guy the Americans couldn't catch: the U.S. doesn't have   Mullah Omar  or   Usama Bin Laden .  In addition, if significant numbers of U.S. forces are in the region, the U.S. will be able to capture the major northern cities like Kirkuk.  This will allow us to avoid inflaming Turkish passions regarding Kurdish independence.  It will also help prevent Kurds from taking revenge on the Arabs in those cities who have mistreated them and confiscated their land and property.