               WILL THE U.S. LET TURKS TAKE NORTHERN IRAQ?  Turkish military sources say that   1,000-1,500 Turkish commandos have entered Iraqi Kurdistan  via the city of Cucurka, at the borders of Iraq, Turkey, and Iran as a precursor to a larger force waiting on the other side of the Turkish border.  While these forces are supposedly entering Iraq for humanitarian purposes, Turkish concerns about the de facto independence of Kurdish areas indicate that isn't Turkey's sole motivation.  That and the fact that   commandos   are entering first.  If you think the U.S. is screwing up diplomatically, Turkey (you know, the home of the bazaar and hard-bargaining rug dealers?) isn't doing much better.  Turkey missed out on a very lucrative deal on overflight rights; angered U.S. officials by not allowing the U.S. to give air support to Special Forces soldiers in Iraq either from or over Turkish airspace; and are now trying to get into northern Iraq either to occupy Kurdish areas or attack Turkish enemies without the U.S.'s blessing.  Somewhere in the OEOB, White House, or Pentagon American staffers are taking more than the recommended dose of Excedrin.  The U.S. has said that it is against a large unilateral incursion, but what will the U.S. do to enforce its desire to keep the Turks out?   My bet:  The U.S. will push Turkey strongly, using whatever leverage it has, not to start an invasion while downplaying the current incursion.  The U.S. will say publicly that Turkish forces often enter Iraq in these kind of numbers.   My big question:  Will U.S. forces take a military stand against Turkish forces if they go too far, for instance, if they try to take Kirkuk?   UPDATE:  CENTCOM Commander General Tommy Franks, in a televised press conference, said that Turkish forces in Iraq are light formations, moving in and out of Turkey, and that political discussions are continuing above Franks' "pay grade."  Franks also said that he has liaison officers with Turkish forces - I don't know if this is in Istanbul, Diyarbakir, Cucurka, or with Turkish forces in Iraq.   UPDATE II:  In a statement, Turkey's military   denied that its troops had been sent into Iraq  and   Turkey's ambassador to the U.S. repeated this to CNN .  Turkish military officials closer to Iraq, however, said Turkish forces   had   entered that country.  A senior Iraqi Kurdish official, Hoshyar Zebari, told reporters that no new Turkish troops were in the area, but this contradicts   specific press and other reports   of entry by Turkish forces.  So something is going on.  I wonder if this is an instance of local Turkish commanders doing things headquarters don't know about.  Turkey also said that it is ready to enter Iraq for humanitarian reasons (keep refugees out of Turkey) and prevent "terrorist activity" (one man's freedom fighter is another man's terrorist) but that its 3   ,000 or so forces already in the country would stay within a 20km buffer zone unless its national interests were threatened.   U.S. MILITARY MOVES IN NORTHERN IRAQ  The U.S. is also moving to take military action itself in Northern Iraq.  Americans   have launched airstrikes against Ansar al-Islam , an Al Qaeda-linked Taliban-like group holding a tiny enclave in Kurdistan.    U.S. planes are bombing Kirkuk and Mosul  and   Special Forces are trying to close southern roads and capture these cities .  After negotiations with Turkey over troops and overflights soured, as many as 200   Special Forces soldiers were sent to eastern Jordan to set up airfields  from which airborne troops could be flown into northern Iraq.  If these stories are correct, the U.S. may be able to take Kirkuk, which would hopefully prevent a battle between Kurdish and Turkish forces for the city.